# File: Hunters Hunted.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


PUBLISHER
R. Talsorian Games Inc.

Eorror-in-CHier
Thaddeus Howze

Creative Director
Thaddeus Howze

ArT DIRECTOR
Kevin DeAntonio

HeEAn ARTIST
Chris Hockabout

WRITERS

Thaddeus Howze. Peter
Christian. Shadowjack.
Chris Hockabout. Kevin
DeAntonio. Jack of
Shadows. T.H. Stone

Proouction Crew
Thaddeus Howze. Patricia
Lopez. Jim Fanning

Copy Eoitors
Derek Quintanar. Valerie
Walker

Proouction Anvisor
Pam Rhyner

Pustic RecatTions
Chris Hockabout

INTERFACE™

Volume 1 Number 3
1991 © PROmeTHEUS

INTERFACE™ is published quar-
terly by PRQmetHeus, 919
Santa Clara Avenue, Alameda,
CA. 94501. All Cyberpunk™
material is copyright of R.
Talsorian Games. Printed in
USA.

All submissions and letter cor-
respondence should be sent to
Chris Hockabout, Interface
Submissions, 210 lronwood
Road, Alameda, CA 94501.
Include your telephone number
if you want an faster response.

Fantastic cover art graciously
supplied by Mike Ebert

To Fred J. McNett
1963-1991

Infinite Diversity In
infinite Combination

In this Issue

New Cyberware

CyberVocal — Justin SCAMIG we ieeeteeceeeeeeeeneeeennees
Cyberleg Wetbar — Kevin DeAntonio v8
MonoVisor — Chris HOCKADOUE wo... eeeeeeeneeeeeeennnnee
Cyberleg Options... rieetieeteeeneenneeeaeea

Feature Article
The Antarctican Collective — Chris Hockabout ........... 4
Altered States

New Drug Rules and Additions — Thaddeus Howze ..10
Jazz, Foolkiller, Sixgun, Rambo-7 — Peter Christian ...11

Thrill, Diamond 4, Skate - Martin Anderson ............. 12
Corporate Review

Revolution Genetics Inc. — Chris Hockabout.............. 14
NuScience 2020

Skinmask — Martin Anderson & Thaddeus Howze .......... 16
Vend-a-Mod — Marcus Darby

Service Organization

Troubleshooter Cabs — Marcus Darby ......6.cccseseesuees 19
Special Feature

Vehicle Encounters — E. G. Crittenden .........ccccceeeeunes 23
Interview

Interview with a Predator — Kevin DeAntonio........... 25
Centerfold

The Predator Crew ........ccccceccsecseeeeeeseeneeneeaneenes 28-29

Enter Cyberspace. If you dare...
Artificial Intelligence in Cyberpunk - 1.H. Stone ....31

Expanding the Net — Thaddeus How2e .........cccccceee 39
New Programs — Marcus Darby, Mike Mileke ..........4. 40
Subordinate Character Classes — Part 2

Some additional character subpackS..........666 45
Cyber-Reviews — Downloads

Aird — Chris HoCKQDOUE Lee. eeceeeeeeee eens neeeeeeeeennanenes 49
ME: A Novel of Self-Discovery-— Jack of Shadows......48
Trancers — Kevin DeANtomio .........cceeeeseeeeceeeeeeeenne econ 48
Uplinks

Letters to the Eqitor......... cc ccceeeeeeeeeeeeteeeeeeeeeeennnes 50
CHIPPING In sssssssscssssve eesvassvagrsaierneds sesdcencnennneosaanoae 53
Advertising Information ........... ccc eeee sees nnnes 55
Subscription Information. .........0...ccccccesseeeeeneeeenanes 56

Interface


CYBERVOCAL™

New Cybernetic Implants
Boxalter (CR) (BXA) 800 EB HC 2D6
New Throat (CR) (CT) 400 EB HC 1D6+2

Dakai Soundsystems has come up with
new innovations in recording and analyz-
ing voice patterns. Their scientists have
created CYBERVOCAL™ Modifications.
Intensive surgery is required to imple-
ment CYBERVOCAL™ mods, and there
are two types: BOXALTER and NEW
THROAT.

I

New Throat involves
extensive surgery in
which the individual's
entire throat region is
operated on and
much of it is replaced
with electronic sound
synthesis devices. It
has a HC of 2d6. Left
behind is a throat

-~
~

A

or left to look like
flesh. The throat has a SDC of 15. If dam-
aged for more than 15 points the subject
becomes paralyzed; 25 points and the
neck is completely severed. It also has a
new voicebox, but this one can have up
to four voices at any one time, and only
opening a small covering is required to
change those voices already in it. It can
have any two special features built in. It
costs 800 euro.

Boxalter is much simpler and cheaper. It
involves removing the individual's voice
box and replacing it by an electronic
device, with a HC of 1d6+2. This device
can have only one voice in memory and
one special feature. Changing the voice
does not require surgery, merely time.

Boxalter can only use one voice atatime. ™

It costs 400 euro.

Special Features

Mimic:

HC=1d+3; $150. This device, when linked
to CyberAudio, allows the individual to
copy other voices that he has heard per-
fectly. The character can only slightly
alter what he has heard, otherwise
repeating verbatim what he has heard.

Useful for an assassin luring unsuspecting —

characters as if he were a friend. This is

not the same as the Voice Pattern option. —

The user of this option can only repeat
what he has heard, he cannot extrapo-
late new words without having heard
those words.

which can be chromed |

Volume:

HC=1d6; $75. This device allows the
individual to alter the volume of his

_ voice radically, from the barely audible
whisper to a megaphone roar. The
benefits are obvious, but also shouting
at top volume causes temporary (1d6
phases) deafness for all within 5m.

HC =2; $50. This device electronically

_ alters the individual's voice, making it
completely unidentifiable, but also
makes it sound so electronic that it
cannot pass as a voice. It does keep
Vocal Pattern Tracers from catching
you, though!

Armor:

HC=1d6; $150. This is only possible

_ with NEW THROAT, as it involves
armoring the entire throat, giving it an
SP of 20. This is useful when dealing
with cutthroats!

SubSonic:

_ HC=1d6; $150. This device gives the

_ individual the ability to speak in the
subsonic and supersonic levels, allow-
- ing the individual the ability to call

_ dogs as if with a dog whistle. It can be
used to send signals to others, on oth-
erwise impossible frequencies.

_ CyvBerR Bar™

A new cyberleg

_ Cyber Bar(CR) (CB) 3000 EB. HC 2D6

_ NapaCorp, makers of fine wines,
liquors and other libations and
Lichtenstein Biomod Engineering,
bring to you their latest nectar dis-
penser. These are the people who
brought you the slowdrip internal

_ drink dispenser and the Potent Potable
_ Cyberliver. This extravagent engineer-
_ ing feat is not for the common man: an
_ entire bar concealed within a cyber-
limb!

_ The alcoholic beverages are housed

_ within a pressurized unit in the foot
and lower leg. The mixer and water

_ unit take up most of the remaining
space. The wetbar itself is comprised of
triplastic that rises from the thigh,

_ rotates 90° (right or left depending on
the leg it's in), and forms the bar.

_ Made of memory plastic is a shaker
kept in a flattened form beneath the

_ bar itself. For those who like their mar-
tinis shaken, not stirred.

For those who prefer daiquiris, a mixer
unit is contained within the leg.

2

Interface

—— Se

Ingredients are routed to the mixing cham-
ber, ice is added, and 20 seconds later a
daiquiris is ready and dispensed normally.

The dispenser/mixer is connected and is
similar in appearance to a soda fountain
dispenser. The leg is armored for 20 SP to
protect the pressurized containment/ice-
making unit. The icemaker is primarily held
in the upper thigh and hip region.

There are 10 extract tubes filled with dif-
ferent extracts. Each extract can make 20
1/8 liter drinks, if sufficient water is avail-
able from an external source. The leg unit
can carry three liters of water, capable of
making up to 24 drinks before needing a
refill.

For an additional §100 eb an extension
which will connect to outside water sources
is available.

French Model

For fine wine drinkers the unit can be mod-
ified to carry two liters of wines in any
combinations down to half a liter (up to 4
different wines, chilled of course), and one
liter of drinks to mix for barbarians.

Japanese Model

The Japanese have their own modified to
carry 1.5 liters of sake, heated as it is dis-
pensed, and can also carry 1.5 liters of
water for mixed drinks. Their unit carries
only 5 extracts, though. They also usually
carry ceramic sake cups to honor ancient
tradition.

The cyberlimb in which this is stored has
the strength of a normal human leg and

can have no other options.

Extension Legs
a cyberleg option
Extension Leg (N) (EXTL) 400 EB. HC 4 total

These leg extenders can extend from a tele-
scoping knee-foot mount up to three feet.
They will support up to 500 pounds. They
are used primarily in disguise work, since
they can reduce height one foot and add
up two feet of effective walking height.
The third foot cannot be used while mobile
because of the stress placed on the devices.
You may add +1 to your movement rate if
you extend them to the two-foot length.
These use one option space per leg and can
be combined with other sensible foot
options.

Catspaw® Stealth Foot
a cyberleg option
Stealth Foot (N) (STLF) 150 EB. HC 2

This foot module for cyberlegs, the sound-
absorptive pads covering the foot give the
user a bonus of +1 for all stealth rolls. This
option can be combined with other foot
designs, except for the Doc Ricter (Solo of
Fortune).

Mono-Vision
by Kiroshi/Nikkon Engineering
Cyberoptic Option

Mono-Vision Cyberoptic — (MA) (MONV)
650 EB. HC 3d6.

Were you upset when you could only
afford anti-dazzle for one eye and had to
hobble around with only one eye function-
ing? Well, never more. With the new
Mono-Vision we replace your entire optic
ridge and both eyes with a single wide
angle cyberoptic, giving you that cool
visored look so "in" with today's boosters.
You only have to pay once for the cyberop-
tic option, both in humanity cost and euro.
This cyberoptic format can only carry six
options but, best of all, with its revolution-
ary wrap-around styling it gives its user
perfect vision
of 180 degrees
and extends
peripheral
vision to a full
225 degrees!

Wraparound
vision gives +1 to
awareness and
+2 to awareness
rolls for surprise,
ambush, etc.

Interface


993, ‘fascist Argentina invade 2
Uru ay. The American Preside
ity b

The Antarctican Collective

by Chris Hockabout

Form of Government: Neo-Bellamy Socialism
(Socialist Democracy)

_ Official Language: Spanish (English secondly)
- Official Religion: Canadian Zen-Catholicism

Area: Miles: 5,500,000/Kilometers: 14,200,000
Population: (2020 census) 560,700
Capital: Pangaean Arcology

_ Current President: Magistrate Senator Freianna
- VarTett

Monetary Unit: Euro Dollar

Demography:

Fiishy-seven percent of current population live and
work in the Pangaean Arco; the remaining 13% live

and work establishing future Arcology sites in such areas

as the perpetually snow-free valleys and moraines of the

_ Transantarctic Mountain Range or as long-range workers

on the mobile drilling platforms and mining rigs. 48%
Argentinean/Uruguayan/Brazilian; 20% Mixed Euro; 16%

_ Australian/New Zealander; 12% North American
_ (U.S.A./Canadian/Eskimo), 8% Other South American;

2% Other (Japanese/China Bloc/African).

_ Domestic Economy and Foreign Trade:

Moco rights to deposits of iridium, iron ore,
petroleum, silver; titanium, uranium, and zinc, are

- used for trade to other countries as well as sales of the rights
to mine in pre-agreed areas. Although not directly tied to

the government's economic machine, REVOLUTION

_ Genetics Incorporated contributes substantial funds to

the workings of the Collective. An increasing amount of
money is taken in from hydroponically-grown food-stuffs:

_ fruits, vegetables, and exotic plants. Export of these is so

far thoroughly restricted at the moment pending a decision
_ from the Euro Council. The Antarctican Collective chiefly
imports computer parts and equipment, advanced medical
equipment, construction equipment and materials, syn-
thetic fibers and polymers, and weapons and military

| material.

Transport and Communication:

a | ‘ransportation throughout the many miles of pas-
s

ageways and galleries in the Pangaean Arcology is
either by foot or small electric trams. Large cargo lifts, ele-
vator shafts and causeways connect the levels and the

is above-ground station. Huge garages exit through the

mountainside where the large mobile drilling platforms and
| mining rigs reside when not in service. Faster surface
- transportation is accomplished by sturdy and squat tracked
_ vehicles, Av-4's, 6's, etc., small one-man ground skim-

: mers, or the huge "Mother Loaders," large tracked vehi-
cles used in transportation of construction equipment and

Interface


materials. Many vehicles are not actually personally owned,

being property of the Collective. Long-range transporta-
tion is either accomplished by "Volvaresk" Ice-Crusher _

trans-oceanic transports or the largest cargo planes (cur-
rently on loan from Free South Africa), the huge Gollancz-
S1's.

The Antarctican Collective taps WNS, NNN (New

Network Nippon), and Network 54 for its televised news

and information, having a small primarily news-oriented _
station for itself: Entendimiento, which simply means _

"information" or "understanding". The Antarctican daily
screamsheet is The Collective, and plans for world-wide
distribution are in the works.

Education and Health:

Fo ages 2 to 16, the children are taught fundamental —
1

earning skills, sciences, mathematics, economics, and

communication, literary and oral. But most iieportanaly | "by

they are taught about their home and its many dangers. A
growing Antarctican is taught in thorough and increasingly
strenuous training courses how to work and survive in his
or her icy home. From age 17 on, the teenage Antarctican
is given the choice (or it is made for him/her) of job train-
ing, which lasts about two to three years and involves

military service. They are thereafter placed in their appro-
priate jobs.

Members of the Antarctican Collective boast the greatest

number of genetically-adapted beings on the planet. To
withstand the rigors of life on the ice-continent, the
Antarcticans had to be made sturdier than the average
human. Some of their more common and most advanced
modifications are listed below:

1. The most visible of their genetic adapations is their
protection from the harsh UV rays beating down
through a nearly nonexistent ozone layer: the charac-
teristic Antarctican purple skin. This is one of the first
modifications made to members of the Collective. It is
also one of the adaptations that has had the least amount
of aberration. This adaptation, because of its reduced
cellular manipulation, is not permanent. It needs to be
reintroduced once a year for continued protection. The
purple tint will begin to fade after a few months, just as
a regular tan would. All of its UV-protective properties _
go with it.

2. The second of the modifications is to increase the

_while some of the more hardy of
_the refugees and the pirates form

training courses and apprenticeships. At the end of their a Weary but wellatmed ard detz

job training all Antarcticans must enter into one year of —

deathly low temperatures .
harsh ultraviolet rays from a co
_tinent-wide hole in the ozon

pirate nomad fleet sent by
AY

ing r
to ae. the fleet oles and re
les for a ground battle. The

_refugees are evacuated to th ;

cramped confines of the co
pleted underlevels of the arc

‘guests, are fearful of getting
Se the middle. They

way they can. The battle is joined
‘It lasts three weeks. With the

of the researchers, the refugee
militia are better equipped for the
Antarctican environment

‘After three weeks the fleet. (a

my sets up shockwaves which buf-
fet Australia's market merciless-

strength and density of their flesh and muscle tissues. Arg
id

This makes them more resistant to temperature changes
and helps hold heat better. Redirected genetic hyper-
plasia induces growth and improves the overall tensil-

ity and strength of the tissue. Their greater muscle —
density allows for greater storage of intracellular ©

Interface —__7
or


phosagens, which are short term energy sources for
muscles. This muscle mass will also break down when
food is lacking and provide a protein-based source of
biological energy for its owner. This means Antarcticans
can go further on less. This is usually the second adap-
tation applied to Collective members, if a genetic scan
says they are compatible. Otherwise they are given
adaptation four instead. Only a few people are unable to
receive one or the other of these two adaptations.

3. This adaptation allows them to metabolize foodstuffs
more efficiently. The human form only utilizes about 14
percent of its intake of food as energy. The adaptation
increases this to approximately 35 percent. This
increased efficiency means Antarcticans can do the
same amount of work as normal humans with less food
and water.

4. This modification allows the body to regulate the stor-
age of fat in specialized fatty tissues. It also allows reg-
ulation of the body temperature and energy expended.
This, like adaptation number one, ensures greater long-
term stamina, in a period without food, and greater
longevity in the bitter cold environment.

5. This last modification allows control of the cardio-res-
piratory and circulatory systems and and makes respi-
ration far more efficient. This allows their bodies greater
control of body heat and moisture. A small number of
these people can actually enter a limited hibernation that
would allow them to survive in conditions previously
unthought of by humans.

All of these characteristics would allow the average
Antarctican a more than fair chance to survive for limited
periods of time outside with little artificial means of pro-
tection. However, only about 20% of the current adult
population has undergone the total transformation. Adults
begin to develop complications when too many modifica-
tions take place in too short a period. The process is being
refined to reduce side-effects such as cancer and immune-
deficiency. Children have had few of the complications that
adults have and 50% of the prepubescent children have
been totally modified, with a failure rate of about 1 in
1000 versus the adult rate of 1 in 100. It has been specu-
lated that 1% of the population has been altered to utilize
the full combat genetic engineering program rumored to
be available to select persons of compatible genetic back-
grounds.

Antarctica Today:

"T= Antarctican Collective is slowly gaining accep-
tance from the world, suffering only one terrorist

attack from a remnant organization of the Harrad

Dictatorship. Its early (and much unexpected) support

from the Euro Theatre helped it get a foothold in the

Euro and World Market, its mineral goods and enfran-

Interface


chisement of mining rights to other countries earning it bil-
lions in its initial year (and earning European investors _
many more).

Even though the current government of Argentina is the —
Democratic People's Liberation Party, led by Paulo
Montras, Argentina turns a cool gaze at the collective.
The feeling among many Argentineans is that those who ©
fled in the early years of the Harrad reign abandoned 8
their country instead of remaining to help the fight against _
Harrad. The Collective cannot adequately answer these
accusations and therefore remains defiantly silent.

With the money made from export and investment,
Antarctica continues to build new arcologies and expand
the Pangaean Arcology. In the perpetually dry valleys and —

moraines of the Transantarctican Mountain Range, Pl
"Mother Loaders" deposit tons of equipment and material 27
for the construction of new sites. Mobile mining rigs bore _
vast tunnel systems in the space of months to be filled with — yy
the plastic and ceramet skeletons of what will be the gal- clu
leries and trans-ways of the new Arcology. :

e :
ptembe: the spysats pick. upt n
le honeycomb patter

. 5 5.8 : the orld questions.
REVOLUTION Genetics Incorporated is acquiring aname — accusations made =

as one of the premier biological and genetic research com- "country after country demand the
panies in the world, much to the ire of such companies as__ identity of this eaten, A in
BIOTECHNICA and Neil-Roman Pharmaceuticals. Many _ elaborate ope craton e
physically and genetically-superior Antarcticans are gain- jg fs
ing employment as bodyguards and mercenary groups
outside their country and with other companies. Many
prefer their genetically-enhanced musculature and central
nervous systems to the metal-grafted and generally psy-
chologically unstable cyber-soldiers running around.
Antarctican solos charge a high price for their services and _ tread tracks left ae the mobile
can expect to get it. Unfortunately this doesn't endear platforms and automated mining -
them to many in the biz who think these "purples" haven't
paid their dues in flesh and sanity to warrant such rates.

From their times of hiding when supplies were scarce Uf"
(they had scavenged the nomad ships of all available |
resources), the scientists and engineers, both South |
American and Australian, had to come up with alternative |
materials to house and clothe themselves. Turning over
nearly one-half of their available hydroponic labs to genet- :
ically-altered plants, they experimented with organic fibers argo VTOL in Australian air spac
and plastics. Bioplast and organically grown fibers from the The enthusiastic team is trans-

altered filaments of fibrous plants and mushrooms were the patel ore a 2 eee tell mn

result. Although useful and created in enough quantities — uae ound sclesy costal
to service the entire arco, the Antarctican Collective is now
turning to higher tech building materials.

. . . Ic ee and genetically eng
Later in the year, the geothermal core station will be _neered plants and other foo
completed. Plunging deep into the Earth, the geo-thermal stuffs. Also the team deliver
station will power the entire collective. The UV/solar message from the Arco's magis-

converter fields will be used to supplement this energy BN ae Bias ane var lett

source. Plans are also in the works for their first fusion dignitaries of the EuroTheatre to

reactor. tour and experience the Pangaean ©
Arcology. When questioned asto_

Interface @a 7
=>


Right now the Antarctican Collective welcomes all visitors.
_ The Pangaean Arcology is a massive underground struc-
959 Antarctica ture with many white-paneled galleries and high-ceilinged
Tett plans,con- avenues lit by bio-luminescent paints. Since its emergence
into the Euro Market, the Pangaean Arcology has opened
- malls and even a hydroponic park. The automated mining
bots continue their work far below the surface, creating
more and more tunnels and chambers. For the new year,
: _ the arcology plans to open a large park and recreation area
lit b l light: a huge duraplast d that will cap off
people come to the Pangaean_ lit by natural light: a huge plast dome apo

cology, many from various gov. the park at a height of 35 meters.

> ies peat But behind all of its new openness, the Antarctican

Collective is a very tense and wary nation. Thirty people
g. were killed when a bomb was detonated in the Mallary Hill
_ Memorial Shopping Mall, killing an envoy from the
Federated Republik of Hileine as well as a visiting
American journalist. An underground faction of the defeat-
ed Nuevo Partido claimed responsibility. The worry
among the Antarctican Government is that the terrorists
few innovations in Genetic still reside among the Collective's population, waiting to
ae generated out of strike again. So among all of its cheery extensions of gen-
n the harsh climes of
_ erosity they keep a watchful eye and do not hesitate to
lective becomes remove and interrogate anyone even remotely considered
n independent a threat to the Collective or its people; all of it done very
iy with exclusive covertly, of course. The Collective recently negotiated a
eget Pee ‘<ountrles'roar'their Contract with Arasaka Securities INC to instruct their
gi sorroval America included, but police and armed forces as well as supply them with updat-
ed weapons.

Sean of VarTett's
antsretcan pereoes. a new

_ People of the Collective:

: pe Antarctican people are very patriotic, though
slightly xenophobic, this stemming from their relative

Gstly' nidedvoreatcn ae isolation. Their net space, once as barren as Antarctica

citing a War with a'people who. itself, has become a busy causeway for the curious net-run-

wiously equipped to deal ner.

th any Serko ef forelan invasion: Visit, stay a while. The collective is eagerly looking for peo-

ple experienced in cold-fusion reactors, bi
d

ean pati. Fe

— — s Oem um wom wy!

Faia

o

ui

Te

0 ey ee Ee Eee te eee Fs a ody ee! did

goers on the stairs, taking second aim with his pistol pointed
straight at me.

I ducked and ran into the roomat the end of the hall. Ithrew
myself around the corner, and out of the line of fire. I had to
move quick, for I had already guessed what D'Arcon would
do.

Ibarely placed myself in time, next to the side passage that
led back down, parallel to the hall, by which D'Arcon had
come up behind us.

D'Arcon rushed into the room from the passage, quicker
than I expected, so I had to strike from behind. I drove my
stake into his back. Only the fact that he momentarily halted
to search for me allowed me to place it correctly. It struck
deeply and on target.

He fell, his half-scream ceasing before he hit the floor, his
body taut in a paralytic rigor.

I ran down the passage from whence he had just come,
reaching into my purse. I pulled out the .32 snub-nosed
revolver and jumped into the first hallway, through the door
D'Arcon had left open behind him.

Framed inthe door to the roomat the endof the hall, staring
down at D'Arcon, was the gunman from the stairs. I shot
three times in a row, placing all the shots into his back. He
gurgled and slumped over, his limp hand dropping his gun as
he hit the floor.

I walked carefully forward, my revolver still trained on
him. He was quite dead. All the bullets had exited out his
chest. One had penetrated his heart and the blood was
gushing out of the front exit wound. I glanced over at
D'Arcon to see his hungry and hopeless gaze, watching the
blood pool onto the fine carpet.

I went back into the hall and retrieved the doctor's bag. I
placed it next to D'Arcon and pulled out the wood-axe.
D'Arcon's eyes bulged, pleaded, cursed and begged all at
once,

I brought the axe up and down with an awkward motion,
but it was effective nonetheless, severing D'Arcon's head
from his body.

But he shouted one more thing before his existence was
shut out forever. It must have taken a phenomenal will to
overcome his paralysis. But what he said revealed a phenom-
enal desire.

Thad misunderstood from the start. I had seen Robert's
kidnapping as a malignant and perverse act of evil. But it was
the very opposite. A desperate reaching out from eternity.

His last words were: "Robert, I shall forever love you."

Imust pause now, for I can write no more. I will startagain
later. I am too tired to finish this yet.

22 October 1991

Ihad triumphed in my quest. I had destroyed D' Arcon, the
vampire captor of my brother.

But Dr. White had been killed, so pettily, by a bullet. This
man had risked mythical, antiquated horrors only to be
brought down in less than a second by a gun, the triumph of
the Industrial Revolution. I mourn for him. Him ... and
another more dear.

Ipicked up the bag and continued onwards, calling Robert's
name. I fully expected to meet another vampire, for William
had implied that there were more. Robert did not answer me,
and I was about to go down another set of stairs, when I heard
a sob in the far corner of the next room.

Islowly, cautiously entered, gun in one hand, stake in the
other. In the comer was Robert, staring fearfully atme. When
I walked forward and saw him better, I knew why he feared
me.

His skin was so white. He was thin, as if he had not eaten
for days. I knew what he was. D'Arcon had done the deed,
and Robert was now a vampire.

"It's not fair," he sobbed. "I can't defend myself against
you. Please don't do it."

I did not reply. I did not know what to say.

"T'll leave," Robert said. "I'll go far away, and you can
forget about me. Just let me live."

He said this with so much passion, so much lust for life,
that I was almost swayed. But I knew what he was. I knew
what he would soon do to others to buy more of the life he
wanted me to spare. And after enough years had passed, what
he would do to another to escape his deep loneliness.

"T have to," was all I said to him.

He did not resist. He could never fight against me. He had
always given in.

God, what am I? He was my brother.

The stake went in easily. I pulled a muscle while swinging
the axe. It still has not healed. Perhaps its pain will always be
with me.

I left the house by the window the Doctor had entered
through. I was unhindered by any of the partygoers who saw
me on the lawn, I made an anonymous call to the police about
a murder at the house so that they would be able to bury the
Doctor. He was a good man.

I am all alone now. I have not the strength to continue
running the business any longer. I am considering what to do
next.

I have always loved the woods. And snow. I think I shall
move away from all this, to the mountains, and start over.

Diary of a Hunter 17

N
SJ
=


Chapter Guo:
Che Nuvnc

By the cold breast and serpent smile,
By thy unfathomed gulfs of guile,

By that most seeming virtuous eye,

By the shut soul' s hypocrisy;

By the perfection of thine art,

Which passed for human thy own heart;
By thy delight in others' pain,

And by thy brotherhood of Cain,

I call upon thee! and compel

Thyself to be thy proper Hell!

— Lord George Gordon Byron, Manfred

tis dawn again: safe to come out. Others are rising in

their homes all around you, gobbling up their quick

breakfasts as they rush out the door to catch the bus or
the car pool of coworkers, on their way to 9-to-5 jobs.
Ordinary jobs, not like your job. They would not understand
your job. They do not believe in it. But you know too well that
what you can't see can hurt you. Bite you.

Your job is to hunt Vampires. You rise at dawn, but from
then on you and the rest of society differ. You know that the
night is too dangerous to walk, especially since They, your
prey, know of you, and might recognize you. Only the most
important tasks are performed at night, the ones that cannot
be done any other way. By day, They are weakest and that is
when you must attack. But finding Them is the hardest part.
You must find Them before They can find you.

The Hunt is hard, harsh and hellish. Why would anyone
want to take up this insane occupation? And how do they do
it, anyway? These are the questions answered in this chapter,
which aims to give insight into the Hunt itself, its motives and
its methods. Who they are is answered in Chapter 3.

A History of the Hunt

Legends tell that, long ago, there was once an accord
between Kindred and kine, Vampire and mortal. The ancient
city of Carthage was a place where humans and Kindred lived
together in peace. Unfortunately, the Malkavians and Ventrue
of Rome became jealous of it, and set about to destroy it.

Since then, never again have human and Vampire lived
together in harmony.

During the time between the fall of Rome and the late
Middle ages, Kindred grew strong in their power and terror-
ized mortals. The collapse of civilization had aided some
Kindred, allowing them to rule certain regions with supersti-
tious terror, such as the area around the Balkan Mountains.
But the power of the Church rose regardless of Kindred plots
to stop it, and during the Inquisition, witches, werewolves
and Vampires all met their end.

A most dangerous and devout man led the Inquisition in
Spain, a man called Torquemada. Besides waging his war
against non-Christians, he discovered many of the local
aristocracy to be controlled by Kindred, and so ordered some
of them to be tried for heresy against the Church and burnt at
the stake.

It-is a modern belief that he instituted torture mainly
because he was sadomasochistic. This may well be true, but
at least part of the reason was to inflict bodily wounds upon
the Kindred. As soon as they used their control over blood to
heal the wound, or if the blood flowed but little, Torquemada
would have proof that they were Vampires. He was well-
versed in the lore of the Kindred.

The hunting madness spread, with witch-hunters moving
out from Spain, heading into Italy and England. Kindred
went into hiding, but for some it was too late. Angry villagers,
caught up in the fervor and sometimes goaded on by other

The Hunt 19


Vampires, marched on ancient Havens with fire and wood,
ending the eternal unlife of many Kindred.

It was not only Kindred who the great hunt fell upon, but
witches also. Anyone who spoke with spirits was likewise
punished, for the Church would brook no truck with super-
natural forces.

But not all those burned at the stake were witches. Many
were innocent mortals. Far, far more innocents died in the
Inquisition than did Kindred. Mortals can cause destruction
and havoc on scales undreamed of by even Kindred.

Many Lupines were also destroyed. Most of them fled into
the dark depths of German forests, which the mortals were
still superstitious of and feared to go. France still has a few
loup-garous left today.

The result of all this mortal madness was that Kindred
finally came together and made a plan. They would go
underground, hiding all evidence of their existence. They
would make sure the stories about them were believed to be
fables and myths. Stiff penalties were created for violators of
these new rules. They called it the Masquerade.

It was a great success in hiding the fact of their existence
from mankind. Since then, most people believe Kindred to be
nothing more than creatures from the pages of horror stories.
The gothic novels of the early 19th century did nothing to

convince anyone otherwise, although some were genuine
attempts to communicate the existence of Vampires to man-
kind.

The Romantics also had their share of Vampire devotees.
Keats, Shelley and Byron all wrote poems alluding to vampiric
presences. Byron even began a fragment of a Vampire story,
but only got as far as the first three pages. His one-time
doctor, Polidori, took what he had written and rewrote it,
expanding it into his story: "The Vampyre." Perhaps these
poets were all trying to warn others, in their own way, of the
Vampire menace.

There are many groups throughout history who have made
their mark on the Kindred. The Inquisition, now called the
Society of Leopold, still carries on the battle to this day. The
Arcanum has existed since the late 19th century, and they
delve ever deeper into Kindred secrets. The Magi have been
the enemies of Kindred off and on throughout the years,
although some of them have also been theirallies. Werewolves
have always hated the Kindred, and may well continue to do
so until the Earth has died. In modem times, the F.B.I. has
turnedits efforts to uncovering persistentrumors of Vampiric
existence, posing a dangerous threat to the Masquerade.

And there have always been those unsung individuals who
have taken up arms against the Kindred. They have no
histories but their diaries, most often lost in the attics of their
families, or moldering in dusty library collections. But they
havemade their markanyway, for because of their efforts, the
Kindred fear the hunter.

Why?: Motives

No one takes up a dangerous and life-threatening calling
without reason. A Hollywood stunt-man perhaps craves the
thrill of danger. An infantryman could be answering the call
to his sense of duty. A Vampire hunter must also have a
reason for her madness.

A hunter must have a motive. This represents the reasons
for her hunting, the cause perhaps of her long, dark night of
the soul. Motive also gives clues as to the goal of a hunter,
whether it be destruction or questioning, torture or enslave-
ment.

There are many different motivations for hunting the most
terrifying creatures on earth: revenge, hate, sense of duty,
control, power, curiosity, thrill-seeking and insanity are just
the most common.

Revenge

The hot, burning desire for revenge is one of the most
common causes of the hunt. It is usually directed against a
single Vampire or his brood. Perhaps the Vampire killed the
love of the hunter's life, or perhaps a relative or friend. In
return for this horrid deed, the hunter takes up a vendetta
against the Vampire. These hunters are quite dangerous,

20 The Hunters Hunted


because they are so powerfully driven by emotion, and their
zoal is destruction. But they tend to run out of fuel after their
success (if they are so lucky). They will usually end theirhunt
then, butcan provide information and advice to other hunters.

Hate

Hateis a longer-lasting motive thanis revenge. Itis usually
directed against all Kindred, regardless of who or where.
Genocidal eradication of all Cainites is usually the goal here.
This can be the cause ofa life-long hunt, with the hunter never
resting until all Vampires are eradicated from the good green
Earth.

Lupines are one such race that harbors intense hate against
all Vampires. While they rarely actively hunt them, pity the
poor Cainite who accidently wanders into their territory.

Duty

A sharp sense of duty is another cause of the call to the
hunt. There can be many types of duty claimed, but Vampire
hunters usually perform their deeds in the name of a religion
ora desire to save humanity from its predators. This is often
a life-long crusade, and is sometimes handed down to others
in order to "carry the banner onward." Since the reasons are
high and broad (duty to God, duty to humanity or life itself),
these hunters are seldom swayed by pity. They may feel it,
and hurt deeply for it, but it seldom changes their actions.
They know what they have to do, and they are going to do it
come hell or high water.

The Inquisition is one group which believes it to be its
moral and Christian duty to destroy all Vampires.

Control

Sometimes control of the Kindred is what a hunter seeks.
She may have various reasons behind this, involving a
plethora of plans or uses to which she can put Vampires. The
goal is often confinement of Kindred, or the hampering of
their movements, rather than destruction. Perhaps the hunter
is a scientist who envisions a planned destruction of various
"unsavory" elements in society and, discovering the exist-
ence of the Kindred, plans to use them to perform this
destruction for her. Sometimes, the hunter will desire that the
Kindred not be aware of her personal motives for hunting
them. This is an extremely tricky and dangerous task, as it
requires great, indeed Machiavellian, political maneuvering
skill. The problem is that few possess this skill better than
Kindred. It usually comes down to a race to achieve one's
goals before the Kindred can discover what they are, or that
they are being used as the agents for those goals.

Power

Power. Everyone wants it, even if they want to use it only
for good. But those who hunt Vampires for power rarely do
so for any but selfish reasons. This often entails first achiev-

ing control of the Kindred, so this motive is closely related to
the control motive listed above. On the other hand, destroy-
ing Kindred can be one of the ways of gaining power, perhaps
from their blood. This makes this a much more dangerous
route than simple control, as the danger becomes obvious to
Kindred very quickly.

Curiosity

‘There are a multitude of reasons someone could be curious
about Vampires, but it most often comes down to sheer desire
for knowledge. It is said true knowledge is only gained at
one's peril, and this is never more true than in this case.

The Arcanum seeks such knowledge, and since they risk
shattering the precious Masquerade in their search for it, few
Vampires willingly give up their secrets. Any mortal who
gets too close must disappear.

The Magi vary in motive, but it usually involves a mix of
control, power and especially curiosity. How can one under-
stand the vital, inner workings of the universe if the secrets of
this night-race are not discovered?

Fun

It takes a lunatic, or a person without fear, to purposely
hunt Vampires for the thrill of it. The real scary thing is that
you might actually impress a Malkavian. And then he may
invite you, whether you like it or not, to a romp through
immortality. Unbalanced people, who live too much in
fantasy worlds, may take up this path, thinking it to be anew
version of cops and robbers — "Fun and Fangs." They will
probably come to a rude awakening sooner or later (probably
sooner).

But there are genuinely powerful people out there who are
hunting Vampires for fun. They are usually already familiar,
and hence jaded, to the supernatural. Some examples are
ghost-hunters, or a parapsychology professor whose seen so
much that nothing surprises him anymore. Or perhaps they
are young punks out for some action, drinking Vampire
blood and being Ghouls just for the sheer hell of it.

Destruction is usually not the goal of these thrill seekers,
but if the fancy hits them, they probably would not be too
adverse to it. Playful curiosity or one-upsmanship games
may be their purpose instead. Either way, other mortals
should steer clear of these types, as they may get dragged into
one of their games.

Insanity

Sometimes you just have to be crazy to hunt Vampires.
There are some hunters out there who have lost their grip on
sanity, if they ever really had it in the first place, and hunt the
Kindred for a variety of mad reasons. Generally, an insane
hunter also has one of the above motives fueling his insanity.
Maybe the intense passion for revenge has unhinged the

The Hunt 21

hunter's grip on reason, or the fun he has hunting them has
caused him to lose touch with reality.

These hunters may seem quite sane to others until the
trigger for their madness appears. The sight of blood may
cause the wealthy entrepreneur to freak out, causing him to
Tun screaming outinto the night, flailing a broken, splintered
table leg as his dinner guests gawk after him in astonishment.

These hunters are a danger to any fellow hunters with
whom they hook up. Their unpredictability means they could
be as dangerous as the Kindred. Who knows — they may
become so mad as to forget who they are and what they are
doing, and even side with the Kindred to hunt humans
instead. These converted hunters are favored by Malkavians
as ‘raw material' for the creation of Ghouls. As insane as they
may be, the Blood Bond caused by their drinking of Vampire
vita ensures their loyalty.

Of course, these do not cover the full gamut of human (or
inhuman) emotions and desires, so a hunter may have a
different motive altogether for his hunt. Many hunters have
acombination of the motives listed above. Revenge may spur
one towards a hunt, but everlasting hate may be born from
that hunt. Some hunters seek to control Vampires because
they are curious about them, and they feel control over them
is necessary to get their questions answered. The Storyteller
should feel free to come up with interesting motives for
hunters.

How?: Methods

Once a hunter has reason to take up a hunt, she must know
how to go about it. Does she use the methods of science to
come up with ways of stopping the Kindred, or does her
religion guide her on the quest? Does she use magic to control
them, or trickery to play them like chess pieces? Or maybe
she uses her street-learned investigative skills to find them,
and then big guns to destroy them. Below are listed some of
the methods hunters use to hunt Vampires. Most Vampires
hunters can be fitted into one of the categories below, and
sometimes they use combinations of methods.

The Scientific Method

This is the method used by scientists, inventors and
anyone who hunts Vampires with the aim of using the
technologies and theories of science to defeat these mysteri-
ous foes. Scientific hunters usually believe Kindred are not
supernatural beings, but simply humans with undocumented
and unstudied conditions. They believe that, given time and
study, science will come up with an answer to the Vampire
problem.

‘The scientist hunter is usually an obsessive character, with
apettheory she is out to prove. Maybe she believes Vampires
are an evolutionary offshoot of humans, and needs specimens
to experiment with. Or she is searching fora cure to many of

the devastating diseases afflicting humanity, and believes the
blood of Vampires holds this cure. But Kindred will not give
up their blood willingly.

Or perhaps she is searching for a cure for vampirism, to
turn the Kindred back to their humanity. She may even seek
the aid of Vampires in this, and there are many Vampires who
would give up their paranoia to aid in a cure for their cursed
condition.

The scientist has an advantage over many of the other
types of hunters. She is innovative, and can invent new
techniques and equipment with which to fight the Kindred.
Many hunters are bound by their traditions and stick to them
dogmatically, believing any deviation could be fatal. But the
scientist is constantly pushing the bounds of what is known,
breaking the barriers of imagination. Nothing infuriates her
more than being told something is impossible.

But she too can become wrapped in her own theories, and
tefuse to give them up, even when proved wrong. This can
prove to be fatal for her and her aides.

The most common motivations scientists have are curios-
ity, sense of duty (to humanity), power, or control.

Equipment for the Hunt: Scientists can have a huge
variety of odd and unusual equipment to fight Kindred with,
In Ashes to Ashes, a scientist developed special lights which
could harm Kindred. In Succubus Club, a scientist created
a disease that worked on Kindred blood. When creating
weapons against the Kindred, the scientist's imagination and
perseverance are the only limits.

Areas of interest for scientific hunters to study could be
weapons which do aggravated damage to Kindred, or sub-
stances which can poison their blood. They could perhaps
devise new Kindred repellants, more consistentand effective
than crosses. Maybea scientist has an idea on how to concoct
a serum which would make humans immune to the Embrace
— the problem with this one is in finding test subjects.

Restrictions: Few who follow the Scientific Method have
a high Faith. They are mostly concerned with the secular
workings of scientific laws and theories, and have little time
or interest in the spiritual truths. Scientists rarely have
Thaumaturgy spells, for the working of magic is generally
refuted by science. Most believe magic to be mere trickery
and hypnotism. However, there are a few true scientists
interested in parapsychology. They will probably not have
such abilities themselves, but they may have insights on their
use against Kindred.

The Religious Method

This is the method followed by those whose religion and
faith guide them in their hunt. The tenets of their religion are
both the source of their strength and of their limitations. Faith
can give amazing resilience to a person, but can narrowly
define his beliefs and perceptions also. Too much reliance on
the age-old traditions can lead a hunter to some startling

22 The Hunters Hunted

conclusions —too late. If his faith is not as strong as his
overconfident belief in his holy symbols, then he is in for a
surprise when his first Vampire does not flee at the sign of the
cross.

The motivation behind this method is oftena sense of duty.
The laws from on high may demand the eradication of all
Vampires, or maybe they state that the hunter must take up
the crusade to protect his fellow mortals from the bite. If the
religion is voodoo, then control or power may be the motiva-
tion. The houngan seeks to gain control of the Kindred, as he
does over the other dark forces, for his own magical purposes.

Equipment for the Hunt: The only information most
beginning hunters have to go on concerning their prey are the
myths and legends about them. In reality, most of the legend-
ary methods of destruction of Vampires are useless, but most
hunters have not discovered that yet. So, they carry around a
stock of items which they will, sooner or later, sadly discover
to be worthless. But, if the hunter has enough Faith, many of
the following items will see him through to the next dawn.

The items listed here will only work with a successful
Faith roll, made against the Vampire's Willpower. This is a
reversal of the rules in Vampire. In a hunters game, the
hunters should be the active dice rollers. Ina Vampire game,
use the original rules, or have the hunters and Vampires
oppose Faith and Willpower against each other, the combat-
ant with the highest number of successes winning. See
Chapter 4 for more complete Faith rules.

The Armor of God: Holy Symbols:

In legends, the presentation of a holy symbol toa Vampire
will cause it to tun back, to cringe from the symbol's power.
The power, though, is in the user, not the object. It is actually
his Faith, his ability to channel his belief in his vision of the
All, that causes this effect in Vampires. Why? There are as
many theories on this as there are religions in the world.

The most famous of these in Western Vampire lore is the
Christian crucifix. It is so widely known to repel Vampires
that even young neonates may shrink from it due to simple
belief in its effectiveness. But other religious symbols can be
equally effective in the hands of one who has the Faith to use
it. This can be an American Indian shaman's sacred medicine
bag, or the sigil of a voodoo loa. It can be an idol, such as a
representation of the Buddha (sometimes, rubbing the Bud-
dha for luck really does work!), or maybe Taoist Exorcist
calligraphy.

The referee (or player) should decide what religion the
hunter follows, and then determine the symbol which best
represents the religion's power over the forces of darkness
(even if it is just control of these powers, such as in voodoo).
Then, the hunter must have this symbol to use to turn a
Vampire with his Faith.

Where Evil May Not Tread: Holy Ground and
Sacred Sites

Ahuntercanalso rely uponcertain places where Vampires
may not be able to enter: places with Faith. Churches, sacred
sites, ancient pagan places of power, and Indian burial
grounds all have ‘reserves' of Faith a hunter can call on to
augment his own innate Faith for the tuming away of the
Vampire. Without someone to use that power, the potential
will remain dormant no matter how many Vampires visit the
location.

The referee should determine a base Faith stat for the holy
site, based on how many devout worshippers regularly wor-
ship there, or believe in its existence and power if it is an
unfrequented site such as the Indian burial ground. This base
Faith is added to the hunter's when used to resist the Will-
power of a Vampire attempting to go where she is not
allowed.

If Faith is more successful than a Vampire's Willpower,
the Vampire will find herself unable to walk onto the ground.
If she persists in this attempt, she must make a successful
Courage roll to prevent going into a Frenzy and fleeing in
abject fear from the place. The number of successes the Faith
roll succeeded by adds to the difficulty. A botch may give her

The Hunt 23

a derangement, such as a superstitious fear of holy ground
(maybe even hallowed cemeteries).

A Kindred who has Faith (a seven-point Merit) in the same
religionas the place she wishes to go can automatically enter,
without ever having toroll. A hunter cannotactively keep her
out either, although he may turn her with a holy symbol.

The Vampire may also be "invited" onto the site by one of
the worshippers. If a member of the religion represented by the
site invites a Vampire in, then she may enter with impunity,
without having to roll. Medieval peasantry, to allay their own
fears, extended this power into their own homes, believing that
a Vampire would be powerless to enter the home without their
invitation. But, this power only truly works with Faithful sites.
Kindred can go anywhere else they like, with the onlyinvitation
required being their own desire.

In the case of ancient places, such as an old well once used
to propitiate gods and spirits, the Faith is represented as
stored power. Every time Faith is used there, it will lose one
point of its Faith until its Faith is gone, unless the site
becomes a place of religious revival afterwards.

Examples: The Elmhurst Second Church of Christ is a
small church in a suburban neighborhood. While it is a small
church, the Storyteller decides all its members are unques-
tioning believers in Christianity. There are no crises of faith

in this neighborhood. On the other hand, there is also no real
devotion either, just day-to-day belief. Hence, the Storyteller
gives the site a base Faith of 1. The presence of an aware
hunter can perhaps keep a Vampire from entering.

The Fujikawa Shinto shrine, in a secluded mountain
district of Japan, has a small membership also, but its mem-
bers are all monks, living their lives in devoutcontemplation
of Divine Nature. Since few people rarely come to defile its
grounds, except pilgrims well-versed in the proper ways, and
since its monks are all devout and live full-time at the shrine,
the Storyteller gives the site a base Faith of 5. A Vampire
would be very hard put to enter the shrine were anyone to
resist her. This would be a great haven of safety for a hunter,
but only monks may stay here. If the hunter was granted the
privilege of staying, he would not be able to leave until he
finished his long initiation and purification. This would take
him out of action for a while.

The only sites with a 10 Faith are those considered most
holy in the world, and believed to be the center of a religion,
such as the papal chambers in the Vatican (Roman Catholic),
or the Masjid al-Haram in Mecca (Moslem). It does not
matter what the number of worshippers are, as long as they all
agree that the one site is the center.

Food of the Gods: Sacraments

Some items blessed through a religious ceremony may
also have an effect on Vampires. A Vampire who ingests a
peyote button after it has been blessed in a Native American
Church ceremony may havea truly terrifying experience, and
may take aggravated Health loss as the drug goes through his
system. The consecrator's Faith is opposed against the
Vampire's Willpower to discover if the effect is ill.

The most famous of these blessed sacraments is holy
water. In the hands ofa truly faithful Christian, this water can
disfigure a Vampire horribly upon contact (aggravated dam-
age to the Vampire). The Faith roll is made from the Faith of
the user, not the consecrator, with the number of successes
being the amount of health loss to the Vampire target.

But Faith can also perform miraculous deeds. If a priest
performs the Catholic liturgy, can he transform the wine and
bread into the actual blood and body of Christ? If his Faith is
strong enough (his Faith versus a difficulty of 10, with no
modifiers and three successes required), a Vampire may then
drink of this blood (sacrilege!) and attempt to gain nourish-
ment from it. She must roll her Humanity -3 versus a
difficulty of 10. If successful, she gains nourishment (the
number of Faith successes being the number of Blood Points)
and an automatic Faith stat of 1 (a seven-point Merit!). The
Vampire may also gain the Flaw: Prey Exclusion: Catholic
Priests.

If she failed, the Vampire takes the number of successes
the consecrator's Faith succeeded by in dice of aggravated
damage. If the Vampire botched her roll, he takes double

24 The Hunters Hunted

damage. Two botches means automatic death (this is the
blood of Christ!).

Garlic: This does not really work, but some hunters are so
persistent in their belief in superstition, they can roll their
Faith (- 5 dice) to oppose a Vampire's Willpower. If success-
ful, what do you know — it worked! This success would
horribly confuse most Vampires.

Mirrors: Again, as with garlic, we know this does not
work — Vampires do show up in mirrors. But, Faith works
in well-nigh supematural ways at times, and if the hunter is
trying to identify a Vampire with a mirror, and succeeds in his
Faith roll (- 5 dice) —lo and behold, that strange person casts
noreflection! A Vampire will still see his reflection, and may
be confused at what the mortal is ogling at in the mirror.

Restrictions: The laws of behavior outlined by the hunter's
religion give him the restrictions under which he must work.
A shamanistic hunter may refuse to use moder technology,
seeing it as an insult to the spirits. An evangelical Christian
may refuse to use spells or parapsychological abilities, seeing
them as marks of the devil.

The Occult Method

This method uses the powers of magic to perform its
deeds. It is used by Magi and other hunters whose principal
means for hunting Kindred involve Thaumaturgy. It is also
used by supernatural beings, such as werewolves and ghosts,
who hunt the Kindred.

Those Who Share the Night: Supernatural
Hunters

There are many hunters of Kindred who, like them, are
also on the other side of the veil of reality, or at least have
glimpsed beyond it. These are the other supernatural deni-
zens of the world, or at least the half-world. Many of them
hate the Kindred for their own reasons, and those who would
hurt the Kindred can be considered as hunters.

The Magi: The Kindred are gifted with superior knowl-
edge and experience. They know many of the secrets of the
night denied mortals. But there are orders among humanity
which know deeper secrets of the elder lore than most
Kindred, knowledge which has been handed down to them
from long ago. Knowledge which, even more important, they
understand. They understand Magic.

These mortals have special methods for dealing with the
Kindred. Some possess spells by which they can control the
Kindred, usually aimed at forcing them to reveal their secrets,
or preventing them from venting their thirst on a certain
populace. Their vast store of arcane magic is mind-boggling,
and there are even sorcerers comparable in age to a Cainite
Elder. The attainment of immortality is often one of their first
goals in their quest for infinite knowledge.

Magicians are a strange and uncanny lot, and their moti-
vations are often hidden from others. What they really want
and why is nigh indiscernible. The art and science of magic
involves intimate knowledge of many secrets unknown to
modem society. Magi with this knowledge act differently
than most other people, almost as if they are reading from
different scripts. Their motivations are entirely up to the
Storyteller or the player who is playing one of these most
mysterious of humans. Common motivations are curiosity,
power or control.

Equipment for the Hunt: Their modus operandi is magic.
Spells are what they use against the Kindred, and there are a
vast number of spells used for many different purposes.
Some spells are for scrying, or spying on others from a
distance, usually with an enchanted pool of water or a crystal
ball. Others are for domination and control, where the
Thaumaturge uses mystical shackles to bind the will of others
to his own ends. Perennial to the lore of magic are curses, the
effects of which range from annoying itches to a horrible
doom brought down on the victim.

The Storyteller should feel free to come up with any
number of ways in which the Magi's spells can affect the
Kindred. These spells are generally ritual or ceremonial, and
the magician must possess some Vampire blood through
which to work the spell. The nature of the spell should
determine whether the blood of the specific Vampire to be
affected is necessary, or if any Kindred blood will do. Spells
of domination could perhaps require blood from a Vampire
of a previous, or earlier, generation than the Vampire to be
affected. Spells of physical control, though, should require
some of the blood of the Vampire in question, to set up a
sympathetic link. Some sample spells for Vampire hunters
are given in Chapter Four.

Some rare Magi also have Faith, and the combination of
Faith and Thaumaturgy makes them daunting hunters in-
deed.

Restrictions: Any restrictions a mystical hunter has are
those she imposes on herself, such as a vow never to exit her
home on Tuesdays. Vows are given in trade for magical
power, for great power sometimes requires sacrifice and
discipline. A diabolist may make a pact of servitude with the
dire being she summons in return for power.

Often, though, these vows are only minor, and may seem
silly and nonsensical. They are usually ancient, having been
handed down since the original creation of the spell. The
particular conditions in the ancient world that gave rise to the
spell's limits may seem quite logical within their context, but
usually the rationale has been lost in the mists of time, and
now. they seem to have no rhyme or reason.

The consequences and nature of these vows are up to the
Storyteller and the player. Be imaginative in coming up with
odd ones that add flavor to the Story.

Lupines: The Kindred are not alone in the night. While
they plot behind locked doors in their tall skyscrapers, out in

The Hunt 25

the hills and woods a deep, terrifying howl can be heard. Even
the toughest and oldest of Kindred feel the chill rushing up
their spine as the Beast in them responds in unreasoning fear.
Fear of the Lupine, or werewolf. There may be others who
hate the Kindred more than these tribal beasts, but few are so
dangerous.

Equipment for the Hunt: The claws and teeth of Lupines
do aggravated damage to a Vampire, and their hate of the
Kindred means they will not stop attacking until it is all over
for one or both parties. Lupines are truly terrifying on their
own turf, and are only slightly less so on another's. While
they can be outsmarted, a meeting with one usually means it
is too late for thought anyway.

Restrictions: Luckily for Kindred, they mainly keep to
the countryside. Occasionally, however, they venture into
the suburbs or even the city's heart to wreak their havoc.

Spirits and Ghosts: Sometimes, when you are alone at
night, voices can be heard. In the deep woods, streams seem
to speak, and trees seem to reach out to passersby. Some old
houses creak at night with the rattle of chains, and objects are
thrown at intruders by unseen hands. These invisible and
mysterious beings are known to humanity as spirits. Primi-
tive tribes believe everything that happens is because of the
actions of a spirit, but maybe the spirits have told them this

to boost their own station. They have ever been capricious
and hard to communicate with. Truth is illusion in the realm
of spirits.

Spirits can be many different types of disembodied enti-
ties. Most often, they are the ghosts of the dead, lingering still
in the half-world, afraid to enter the Light beyond, or unable
to find it. But they can also be beings of Nature, such as
animal helpers or guides, or the Nymphs of the water.
Sometimes Spirits are confused with Faeries, and it is hard to
say if they are not both.

There are a whole plethora of creatures and spirits of the
night who have truck with the Kindred, for good or ill.
However, Vampires and spirits do not always mix well.
Spirits are usually the lingering souls of a dead being,
whether human or animal. For some reason (guilt, love, hate,
etc.) they have remained in contact with this level of exist-
ence, They usually revile Vampires for cheating the system
somehow. They envy their bodies and continued existence
with the living on a one-on-one basis. Also, they may shun
the Kindred out of fear, especially more nature-oriented
spirits, to whom the Kindred are unnatural anomalies.

Spirits denied their departure beyond especially revile
Vampires. They envy the Kindred, who have freedom of

26 The Hunters Hunted


movement, while they are bound to wander the halls of their
ancestral home, or the site of their murder.

Equipment for the Hunt: Spirits have a wide range of
abilities to use against Kindred. Generally, though, the fear
they engender in mortals does not work against Kindred.
Kindred have already died, and although they do not wish to
do so again, that initial fear of crossing the boundary between
life and death is gone. Spirits' abilities usually involve
turning the environment against the Kindred, such as by
raising storms, or causing the earth to open under them. These
powers vary greatly with the type of spirits encountered, and
the Storyteller is encouraged to be imaginative.

Restrictions: Spirits are non-corporeal, and thus most
cannot affect Kindred physically (except, as listed above, in
their control over nature), unless the Kindred is in the astral
plane. Ghosts are bound to a particular location, and cannot
travel from it to hunt Kindred.

Of the other creatures wandering the world, the referee
should come up with their reactions on a case-by-case basis.
Who knows what the Faerie think of Kindred, for they have
always been a fickle and fey race. Entry beyond the gates of
Arcadia is denied Kindred, but occasionally, a tale or two is
heard of Vampires who wander even that realm. Even the
most steadfast laws of Faerie can be broken, and are broken
all the time — but not without consequence.

The Detective Method

This is the method for gumshoes, private eyes and hunters
with the sharp reasoning skills of Sherlock Holmes. It uses
deductive reasoning and investigation in tracking down the
Kindred. The hunter is adept at finding clues or interviewing
witnesses. If a hunter has a lead on someone who might be a
Vampire, he then sets out to rigorously investigate his suspi-
cions. The hunter will talk to many people who know the
suspect, gathering discrepancies in their stories, and some-
times he will tag the suspects, carefully watching their
movements for any revealing clues.

A good detective hunter is very dangerous to the Masquer-
ade. Havens are not safe under the scrutiny of these
trenchcoated voyeurs. Detective hunters are more skilled
than any others at finding the Kindred.

The most common motivation is curiosity, but any other
motive (such as hate) can fuel the hunt.

Equipment for the Hunt: The standard array of weapons
can be used, such as stakes and holy water. Usually, though,
guns are the most popular method. They can be easily
concealed, permits can be found for them, and they do not
Taise as many questions as a bandolier of stakes. Some
detectives are also part-time scientists, and can come up with
odd weapons or tracking devices of their own. Others may
have Faith or know a spell or two.

Stealth and Tracking skills (with specialties in Shadow-
ing) are a must for trailing the Vampire back to her lair.

Without it, there is no way the Cainite will miss the gumshoe
following her, and she may decide to prevent the detective
from future discoveries of her kind. Driving skill, with the
specialty Following, is good. With this, the detective can
secretly follow another car by changing lanes, varying speed,
staying in the blind spot or taking side streets.

Security skill is useful for breaking into the Vampire's
mansion once the detective has discovered its location. The
Vampire may have set up many modern and expensive alarm
systems, and a hunter will need to know how to breach these
without triggering any of them. Also, Brawling and Melee
skills are helpful in case the Vampire is old-fashioned and
keeps devil dogs prowling the halls.

Restrictions: You have to be open-minded to be able to
notice clues, and follow up on them. Detective hunters have
few limitations, as they come from all fields of study, butthey
rarely possess great amounts of Faith or other powers.

The Face Behind the Mask: Disguises

Sometimes you may not want to be recognized while
performing your duty. In this case, it is best to have some
familiarity with disguises. A host of skills is useful for this,
suchas Acting, Subterfuge, Mimicry, Camouflage, Fast Talk
and even Hypnotism. But sometimes specific knowledge in
looking like someone else is necessary.

Disguise: This is the Skill of pretending to be someone
you are not by looking and acting like someone else. This
someone else can be a real person or a fake personality you
use to talk your way through things, such as disguising
yourself as a famous reporter so you can get a press pass, or
maybe a fictional reporter "character" you routinely use to
get the badges. It almost always requires materials such as
fake mustaches, costumes, and even special effects makeup.
If you are trying to pretend to be someone else without any
of these items, simply use Fast Talk or Acting skill, but the
Storyteller may assign a higher difficulty.

When creating the disguise, roll Disguise + Manipulation,
The number of successes is the number you can subtract from
the Difficulty roll in any situation that tests your disguise,
such as convincing a hotel clerk that you are indeed the sister
of the guest in room 23A. Roll Fast Talk (or Subterfuge) +
Manipulation, with the number of Disguise successes when
you made the disguise modifying the Difficulty number. Or,
if you try to convince the police that you really are the mayor,
roll Acting + Manipulation, with the Difficulty modified by
your Disguise success. A botch means you have not noticed
a flaw in your disguise, and someone who is actively search-
ing will notice your real identity.

. You can use a fake beard to fool a passerby, but you
may need to hide behind a newspaper while doing so.

**  Youcancreatea different enough look to check into
a hotel and not be recognized.

«+ You can create a character who you routinely dis-
guise yourself as.

The Hunt 27


esse You are an expert with special effects makeup and
can make yourself or someone else look completely differ-
ent. This disguise can get you through an intimate dinner.
Yes, Mr. President? You are a complete natural at
your craft, and can fool the Secret Service.

The Manipulative Method

This is a very dangerous method, requiring great skill and
perception, for it aims to manipulate the Kindred to the
hunter's own ends. It requires subtlety and secrecy, for it is
best when the identity and the existence of the hunter is
unknown to those he manipulates.

The Kindred, however, are master manipulators them-
selves, having often had many decades to hone their skills.
The hunter must have incredible skill to pull off secret
manipulations against the Kindred, or else they will discover
his plans too soon for his own liking,

But Kindred are passionate beings, and it is usually quite
easy, if the hunter has enough information, to pull their
strings in the desired manner. Sending Kindred against
Kindred is a task requiring only a spark, and then the hunter
can sit back and watch the conflagration bum on its own,

This is an onerous way to go about dealing with others, and
the Kindred will resentit. Notall Kindred engageinconspira-
cies, and many actively fight against them. These Kindred
will not like being used by anyone, mortal or Kindred. The
hunter who uses this method is guilty of reducing Kindred to
being mere machines, simply reacting to stimuli. This disre-
gards their sometimes valiant efforts to fight for theirhuman-
ity against the Beast within.

The most common motive for this method is control, but
there can be many other motivations besides, such as a quest
for power. Or perhaps the hunter hates Kindred, but is too
wise to attack them directly, so he sets them up in situations
where they confront the police, street gangs, the mob, or
anyone else the manipulator can think of.

Equipment for the Hunt: Manipulators use any means
necessary to gain control of the Kindred, or those they plan
to use against the Kindred, Often, vast Resources are neces-
sary, especially if the manipulator seeks to be the secret
master behind the city. This requires great sums of money for
bribes, coercion, muscle, etc.

Thaumaturgy is an art which is appealing to manipulators,
for it deals with the will and the manipulation of events by
sheer thought.

Restrictions: Manipulators try to have as few limitations
as possible, They keep as many back doors open as they can,
for they never know who or what they will need to call on.

But sometimes, the sheer complexity of their dealings can
become too much for them to handle, as events take on a life
of their own and move in directions not intended by the
hunter. This can cause their walls to come crumbling down
on them quickly.

The Heavy Firepower Method

To some hunters, all the other methods above are too
subtle, or too time-consuming, with no guarantee of success.
For these, the favored method is to take the battle straight to
the Kindred, face-to-face, with heavy firepower. The idea
with this method is take them out as fast as possible by
throwing as much at them as possible. This means guns. Big
guns,

Kindred can be incapacitated if they are hit with enough
force before they can heal themselves with blood. A hunter
who uses this method is well-trained in the use of the heaviest
guns known, and there are a large number of weapons out
there which can cause the Kindred serious harm.

The motivations for this method are most often revenge

and hate, but a sense of duty can also lead a hunter to a head-
on fight with the Kindred.

Equipment for the Hunt: Anything that does a lot of
damage. It does not have to be aggravated damage. Assault
Tifles can usually chew up a Vampire pretty well, but a stake
and fire is usually required for the finishing touch.

28 The Hunters Hunted

One new form of ammunition on the scene, thanks to
modem technology, is the Dragonsbreath round. This is a
shotgun cartridge that ignites as it leaves the barrel, sending
aspoutof flame 20 feet forward. This is amosthandy weapon
for hunters, as it is as portable and safe as a shotgun, but does
aggravated fire damage to Kindred. Its flame has a 6 diffi-
culty roll to resist, and it affects one part of the body per shot.
Actual flamethrowers, while cumbersome and blatantly
nonconcealable, are also used.

In the realm of physical endeavors, Archery is especially
helpful for the more militant hunters. The greater your skill
with bows, the better your chances of landing a shot in the
heart when it counts. Melee skill, with a specialization in
wooden stakes, or some other sharpened, wooden hand-to-
hand weapon, is also useful for obvious reasons. Control with
this skill is most necessary, as your target is probably not
going to be standing still, and hitting her just anywhere will
not accomplish anything. Only the heart counts.

The Players Guide gives a wide variety of weapons in the
Equipment section, as well as rules on using them. Any
player who chooses the Heavy Firepower method should
look through there to choose his tools.

Restrictions: These hunters usually have little patience.
They will not wait around for slower methods to work when
they could be killing Vampires now. Their overconfidence
can often lead them into the Loser's Method.

Loser's Method

Any of the above methods can quickly go wrong, leading
the hunter to make a dumb mistake. Overconfidence is the
most common cause for the Loser's Method. As soon as a
hunter begins to believe she has nothing to fear from the
Kindred, she is sure to make a mistake. As soon as she stops
looking over her shoulder, as soon as she forgets to pack her
cross, then it is all over.

Any stupid way of hunting is the Loser's Method. A hunter
who walks into a meeting of the Primogen, with the aim of
talking them into giving up their evil ways, is unlikely to
come out of that meeting.

A hunter can have any motivation with this method, for
stupidity is open to anyone. The Storyteller should feel free
to come up with some NPC hunters who use the Loser's
Method, and use their failures as warnings for the players. If
they do not get the message, they may be in for an interesting
and dramatic death scene — theirs.

The Professional Hunter:

Below are many items and skills common to all hunters,
regardless of motive or method. These are the things which
all good hunters know of, and any hunter without access to
this equipment, or knowledge of these skills, may find the
hunt a bit tougher.

Weapons

Wooden Stakes: These old standbys do not have to be the
actual stakes from the movies. They can also be sharpened,
wooden-pointed spears, crossbow bolts, arrows, or bokens
(wooden Japanese practice swords) with sharpened tips.
Basically, anything made of wood that can penetrate a
Vampire's heart with enough force (5 successes) can immo-
bilize one of the Undead. Crossbow bolts, in the hands of a
trained shot, can be most effective, as the hunter does not
have to get too close to his prey, and while they provide
penetrating power, it is rare for the bolt to exit out the other
side (it does have to stay in the heart to incapacitate a
Vampire).

Flame: Fire as a personal weapon comes from many
different sources: matches, cigarette lighters and ranged
weapons like flamethrowers. Since fire does aggravated
damage against Vampires, it is necessary that a hunter have
a means of igniting a flame.

A good, improvised weapon for a hunter is a cigarette
lighter and an aerosol can. He just needs to spray it in the
direction of the oncoming Cainite, flick on the lighter, hold
itin front of the spray and voila! Instant flame thrower. Itcan
usually buy enough time to runaway. Itrequires a 5 difficulty
Toll to resist, and will burn one part of the body.

Welding torches are another item sometimes found in a
hunter's panoply. They are bulky, require a protective mask
to prevent blindness from the hot flame, and are often
dangerous to the user. Still, if you raid the den of an entire
brood, do not go without something like it. Just beware of
burning the house down around you. It has a difficulty of 8,
and will burn two parts of the body.

The Sun: The most effective method of extermination is
the sun. If a Vampire can be trapped in the light of its rays,
your work is over. But since they usually sleep during the
day, you have to find them first, and then get through their
Ghouls to drag them outside or to the window.

Skills, Talents and Attributes

There are many important details which a hunter must
attend to if she plans to hunt the Undead. Hunting is a
profession, and thus requires skills tailored to its particular
pursuits. This section examines the Skills and Backgrounds,
and how they are used by hunters for their job.

Knowledges: Occult with a specialization in Vampires is
good starting place. The problem is that withoutexperience,
you cannot be sure which information is pure myth. Themore
specialized Kindred Lore from The Players Guide is more
teliable, but it only comes after experience. Also comple-
can tell things about Kindred not heard on the street, but
understanding them is tough. Magus Lore can lead you to
contacts who may be able to give you supematural aid in your

The Hunt 29

hunt, but beware of those who would simply use you to their
own ends.

Talents: One the most important talents to have when
hunting Vampires is Alertness. As Kindred and their servants
try to get to you before you get to them, you will need to hone
your abilities to notice what is going on around you to razor
sharpness. Wait — what's that? There in the shadows? A
Ghoul with a gun—dive for cover! When someone out there
is trying to plug you, lack of this talent can lead to some
serious "holes" in your training.

Attributes: Stamina is one of the more useful attributes
for those long days and nights of hot pursuit. Sometimes
hunting requires 25-hour days. Without pharmaceuticals,
and even with them, it is going to be tough to keep up with
your more powerful prey. So, keep in shape.

Manipulation may be necessary to help convince the
police that, no, they should not lock you up. There really are
Vampires and you're going to stop them? Sure, buddy. Tell
it to the shrink.

Backgrounds

Resources: Money is power, and lack of it makes an
already tough job even tougher. Sure, wooden stakes do grow
on trees, but nothing else you are going to need does. You
have to be able to afford to fix your car when it breaks down,
or you are going to lose the trail.

Few hunters are able to keep their day job while they track
down their prey. A wise hunter prepares for this loss of
income through investments, inheritances or by robbing
banks to pay for his obsession. Another source of income can
be retired but wealthy hunters. They may be too old to
continue the hunt, but they can fund yours.

The Storyteller should play up the resources problem often
against the players who do not have them. So, they want to
buy a flamethrower, huh? Where's your cash, buddy?

Contacts: It is very helpful to have sources, such as the
media or the police, you can contact from time to time. A
reporter at a newspaper or television station may be able to
give you the full story on that strange assault the other night,
and likewise for the police. Police contacts can also work in
another important way: finding out ahead of time if your
crazy hunting activities are going to get you arrested or
locked away in a rubber room. Routine calls to that friend of
yours at dispatch can let you know if there is an APB out on
you.

‘The flip side of this coin are contacts in the Underworld.
Need full-auto firepower, a place to hide or a getaway car?
Call your street contact. Another good place to have acontact
or two is in a hunting organization, such as the Arcanum or
the Inquisition. They have much better information process-
ing techniques, and even though they may miss some clues,
your experience-sharpened mind will pick up on them.

Allies: Again, the police are great allies. A few friends in
the right places can keep that warrant from being filed on you.
But, watch out here: certain officers may unwittingly be
working for Kindred. Maybe Inspector Johnson, the cop who
was your high school buddy, is actually being manipulated
by the Prince of the city.

Allies in the Inquisition are real helpful if you need to call
in the cavalry. They are the only ones who can be counted on
to field footsoldiers in the fight if needed.

Supernatural allies are useful, but somewhat fickle. There
are spirits who wander the world, watching many things, and
they can sometimes be summoned to yield up their secrets.
Lupines also know much, but you had better be desperate
before risking a meeting with them, and have none of the taint
of an earth-raper about you.

Influence: This helps a lot. Few people are going to lock
upa political figure, and few Kindred will risk killing one, as
too many questions will be asked. With this Background, you
may be able to lobby for legislation to aid your cause, suchas
repeals of information protection acts, repeals of right to
privacy, the power to call "witch hunts" against questionable
figures (with the secret intent to discover their Kindred
masters), and other such Big Brother tactics. Don't worry
about being politically correct. History will exonerate you
when the Evil Vampire Menace is uncovered.

Fame: This can be a real curse for a hunter. It becomes
hard to move quietly against the Kindred when Geraldo is
exposing your bizarre "hobby" to daytime audiences every-
where. If your hunting is uncovered by the media, you will
become a joke and an embarrassment to most of your allies
and contacts. You will be a regular in the tabloids (probably
Kindred-controlled anyway).

There are some benefits to fame, though. Fame means
fans, usually a loyal following of people on the street who
would be willing to help you outoccasionally. Since youmay
not know who will be your fan until you have encountered
them, they are not exactly allies. You were surprised when
that gun store clerk recognized you and claimed to have read
all your books. He handed you an extra box of ammo and
winked, then looked the other way.

Fame is also a method by which you can sendoutmessages
to other hunters everywhere. You may be the star of a prime
time action show about ... a Vampire hunter! You can slip
some real tricks and techniques into the scripts, aiding
hunters who tune in. But the Kindred probably control the
network, so you will no doubt be canceled after one season,
unless you are making the network so much money that not
even They can move against you.

There is a new Background which experienced hunters
can buy: Reputation. This represents your "status" in Kin-
dred society, or justhow much they fear you and consider you
a real danger. This also represent how well known and
respected you are among other Vampire hunters.

30 The Hunters Hunted

Reputation

Any time the situation arises where someone may recog-
nize you, the Storyteller rolls their Intelligence + your Repu-
tation against a difficulty of 7. One success means they
recognize you as a hunter, but may not know who you are
exactly. Two successes and they know your name. Three
successes and they know the names of those Kindred you
have killed, and may fear you, hate you, or idolize you,
depending on who it is making the roll.

. Some Vampires may have heard of you. They may
be wary of you, orcocky enough to try something. Yourname
may ring a bell with other hunters.

++ Your name is known to most Kindred, though they
may simply consider you lucky to have come so far against
them. Hunters know of your work and respect it.

se» — Most Vampires will go to lengths to avoid you if
they know you are in town. They may risk great hunger to
avoid giving you any evidence to track them. You may get
requests from other hunters who wish to work with you.

eee You are on the Justicar's list as an Enemy of the
Kindred. All Kindred are to report any sightings of you to the
Prince. They fear to move against you, and may not even risk

a
EE
SE
b 2
vee 2 oa
R ——~4
Specy ewe
ss area
gash ) cad
Ls US
Nn \e
4 Sn
t q
S yy
TE

their mortal retainers. Other hunters will defer to you, regard-
less of whether you have more or less experience than them.

eeeee Kindred shut down business when you come into
town. Any Kindred who gives you the slightest clue to their
activities may become the subject of a Blood Hunt. The Law
is that you be given the widest of berths, in the hope that you
will eventually believe that all Kindred are finally dead. You
are a legend in the annals of hunting. Other Vampire hunters
will be desperate for you to train them in their missions.
Se RS RR a

Residence

Hunters needa base of operations, even if itis aseedy hotel
room for the few nights they are in town. They must have
someplace where they can catch some sleep, gather notes and
make phone calls. The following are some items they will
need to ensure protection.

One of these is sunlamps. While they do no real damage to
Kindred, the Undead often find them annoying and distract-
ing. Placing these in a permanent locations around the home
is a good idea.

Barricading the door, as well as the windows, before going
to sleepis always recommended. Most hunters discover early
on that Kindred do not need an invitation to enter a home.
Heavy-duty, indoor shutters are good. A security system, one
that will go off if a window is broken or opened, is also
advised.

Wooden weapons should be kept near at hand at various
points in the residence, easy to get to quickly. If one is sure
of one's Faith, then religious symbols should also decorate
the place. These can be "activated" by the hunter if anyone
tries to enter.

Itis best to live with as many other people as you can. The
more witnesses or people who can answer a cry for help, the
less chance of Kindred intrusion. The problem is that some
bold Kindred may drink from them to goad you. Do not let it
get to you, though; simply reinforce your security measures.
If your roommates do not know about your hunting, it makes
it harder to protect them, but there is not much you can do
about this, short of telling them. And, of course, they will
think you mad.

How to Find a Vampire

Vampires are creatures of night and shadow. Finding them
can be one of the toughest and most time-consuming activi-
ties. Recognizing them is the first and most important skill for
a hunter to have.

One trait they all share is a pallid complexion. The prob-
lem is, there are many people with pale skin, and some
Vampires can hide even this wait, using makeup or their
infernal control of blood to color their skin.

The Hunt 31

Vampires are usually thin also. Their internal organs have
shrivelled up, and hence take up less space. Blood is the only
nourishment they can take, and its not very fattening. How-
ever, many Vampires who were large in life still retain some
of their bulk as a Vampire. In this modern age of dieting, it
may be hard to tell an extremely thin mortal from an undead
creature, However, being suspicious of thin people will be a
good start.

Ifthe hunters have any magical aid or psychic powers, then
they may be able to recognize Kindred from their aural glow.
It differs unmistakably from a human's.

The hunter usually has to find a suspicious target and
watch him until she can be sure of his status, whether human
or inhuman. The hunter may have to be a decoy for this at
times, playing like she is easy prey for the bite. This can be
highly dangerous even if the target turns out not to be a
Vampire.

Where the Vampires Are

The Vampires of modem times have gotten somewhat
cocky under the protection of the Masquerade, and often go
out to mingle with humans, taking in the city's nightlife side
by side with them.

Nightclubs and movie theaters are all places where many
modem Vampires go. A hunter should get to know these
places in his locality well, and stake them out, watching for
any sign of the Undead to arrive.

Once a Vampire has been found and identified, skill at
stealth and tracking is necessary to follow him back to his
haven without being discovered.

Another source of discovery is the newspapers and televi-
sion. A few hours of every hunter's day should be taken up
with research, Any mysterious reports of assaults or burglar-
ies should be investigated to ascertain whether the Kindred
were involved. A private investigator's license (Influence 2)
is helpful to getaccess to records, and even to the scene of the
crime while it is still cordoned off by police.

The Days and Nights of a
Lone Hunter

Jonathan Forrester has been hunting Vampires for the past
year. He has discovered that they are a canny and elusive lot,
and he spends most of his nights hanging around bars,
looking for any sign of them. He uses the Detective Method
in his hunt. Every morning he reads all the local newspapers,
searching for any sign of Kindred activity. He also owns a
police band radio, which constantly runs in the background
as he reads the papers. He has trained himself to tune out all
but the most interesting sounding reports. When he hears
something of interest, such as an assault where a girl was cut
up and left bleeding, he jumps in the car and rushes over to
the site, sometimes even beating the police.

Most often, these cases lead nowhere, their causes turning
out to be all too common. So, Jonathan goes back to the
house, takes his afternoon nap and gets ready for another
round of the nightclubs.

Tonight looks different, for there is a strange, pale, profes-
sional-looking man in the bar tonight. Jonathan watches him
from his corner table, in the shadows. The more he sees, the
more he begins to believe that this may be one of them: a
Vampire.

The man seems to have mesmerized the young lady he has
been talking to, even though she seemed cold and indifferent
at first. In but a matter of minutes, he has convinced her to
leave with him. Jonathan watches her closely. He has seen the
look in her eyes before, one of confusion and attraction to her
companion: the Vampire's seduction.

He leaves some change on the table and follows them out,
watching them get into a fancy sports car. He rushes to his old
Pinto, and pulls out onto the road. He is skilled in trailing
vehicles, and his ability serves him well here. (Jonathan has
a Driving skill of 4 with a Specialty in Following. The
Storyteller, knowing that the driver of the other car is occu-
pied in talking to his date, gives a difficulty of 5, and then
subtracts one because of Jonathan's specialty. The modified

32 The Hunters Hunted

difficulty is 4. Jonathan rolls his Driving plus his Wits of 3:
4.6.7,5,2,3, 5—five successes.) He manages to follow the
car all the way to the driver's house in the suburbs without
once having to pull off to allay suspicions. He drives on past
the house, where the sports car has parked.

Leaving his car on the next block, around the corer, he
slips through the rear lane, between backyards, to get back to
the house. There is a small brick wall surrounding the
property, and Jonathan expertly checks for security systems.
(His Security skill is 3. The Storyteller knows there is a
monofilament wire connected to an alarm, and it is hard to
notice. The difficulty is 9, and he decides that at least two
successes are necessary. Jonathan rolls his Security of 3 plus
his Perception of 3: 6,7, 5, 9, 8, 9. Two successes!) He notices
the tripwire just in time.

Stepping carefully over it, he crawls his way through the
bushes and up to the house. The lights from the large, bay
window spreads out onto the yard. Jonathan crawls around
the edge of the house, avoiding the patches of light on the
lawn. He creeps up to the window and slowly rises, peeking
mm,

There, inside, he sees the man and his "date" just leaving
the room, heading for the stairs. By the look on her face, he
knows where they are going. Jonathan begins to move around
the house, looking for an entrance.

After searching for a few minutes, he decides the kitchen
door is the best bet. He removes his lockpicking set from his
waist pouch and goes to work. If anyone had ever told him
long ago that he would be breaking and entering into houses,
he would have never believed them. But times change.
People die. Like Elizabeth, bled from the prime of her life
into death by a Vampire. They would all pay for that one
Vampire's act.

Jonathan concentrates, holding back his painful memo-
ries. There is work to do. (Jonathan's Lockpicking skill is 3.
The lock is a simple one, with a difficulty of 6, and only 3
successes are needed. A roll can be made every 30 seconds.
Jonathan rolls his Lockpicking and his Dexterity of 2: 6,7, 9,
4, 3. Three successes) The lock slips and the door slides open
a crack.

Jonathan quickly puts his tools away and draws his cross
from around his neck. He slips into the kitchen, closing the
door behind him.

There is no noise from anywhere in the house, except
distant laughter from above. Jonathan makes his way out of
the kitchen and towards the stairs, watching for any alarm
triggers along the way. He begins to stealthily move up the
stairway, making sure to step near the bannister, where the
wood is sturdier and less likely to creak. (Jonathan's Stealth
is 3. The difficulty is a 4 since the stairs are well-carpeted.
Jonathan's dice pool of his Stealth plus Dexterity is 5. That
is more than is required, so the success is automatic.)

He arrives outside the room where the laughter is coming
from. He pulls his stake out of its sling on his back and draws

his hammer from his belt. He says a silent prayer, then bursts
through the door.

The Vampire leaps from the bed, where he had been
looming over the girl. She screams as she sees Jonathan and
the Vampire snarls, baring his fangs. Jonathan holds forth his
cross, held in the same handas the hammer, trying to force the
Vampire into the corner. (His Faith is 4. He rolls it versus the
Vampire's Willpower of 7 as a difficulty. The rolls is 3, 4, 6,
8. One success.) The Vampire takes one step back, grunting
in pain and confusion. But he moves back no more.

Jonathan yells at the girl to flee, and she jumps from the
bed and runs out of the room. The Vampire chooses that
distraction to leap at Jonathan. (They both roll their skills in
opposition to each other. The Vampire is trying to punch
Jonathan, so his Strength and Brawling dice pool of 6 is used.
‘The difficulty for a punch is 6. The roll is 3, 5,6, 7, 2,4. Two
successes. Jonathan is trying to stake the Vampire. His
strength plus Melee (stakes) dice pool is 7. The difficulty is
6 but he needs five successes. The roll is 7, 6, 8, 6, 9, 10, 7.
Seven successes, minus the Vampire's two, leaves five
successes!) Jonathan drives his stake into the Vampire's
breast!

The creature crumples to the ground, defeated. Jonathan
has once again put an end to a bloodsucker's reign of terror.

Jonathan is a lone hunter, taking on the dangerous Kin-
dredall by himself. Itmay only bea matter of time beforethey
gang up on him. But there are others Jonathan can turn to for
help...

The Brotherhood of Vampire
Hunters

The problem with this brotherhood is it does not really
exist. One of the major problems with Vampire hunting is a
lack of solidarity between hunters. This works greatly to the
Kindred's advantage, for the last time there was a concerted
effort against them was the Grand Inquisition.

Hunters in the modern age are loners, too used to the
constant disbelief of others to trust each other. Even among
the groups or brotherhoods there is little communications
between other organizations. The Arcanum and the Inquisi-
tion rarely confer, being at odds in their greater motivations.
The FBI and the NSA both work alone, paranoically gather-
ing information on other hunters as well as Kindred, andeven
on themselves. The CDC is as yet unaware of the existence
of Vampires, and hence has not even heard of the Inquisition.
The Magi are after their own ends. They have been distrusted
since the Middle Ages, and are not about to change their
habits. Lupines are the most ethnocentric of them all, and
none dare approach them for fear of being torn limb from
limb. Most Vampire hunters would probably hunt Lupines
also, if they were aware of the man-beasts.

The Hunt 33

So, not much aid is to be expected from any of these
quarters. If others did get involved, they would try to take
over any operations towards their own ends anyway, which
may not accomplish your desires. But you can buy any of
them as Contacts or Allies, thus making your character an
exception to the rule. These organizations will respond to
your friendship differently. The Inquisition is dutybound to
aid a fellow crusader, but they will expect you to follow their
baroque chain of command on any missions they aid in. The
Arcanum will want knowledge, and if you are tight-lipped,
they may not appreciate it. They may only trade aid for
information. The FBI. or the NSA would watch you like a
hawk from the moment you made your intentions clear to
them, and they would never make their intentions clear to
you. The CDC would think you crazy unless you could
provide hard evidence. The Magi will respond on an indi-
vidual basis depending on the particular Magus to whom you
went for aid. Unless you have a deep bond of friendship with
a Lupine, do not even think of asking them for help. If you do
know one well, it will respond in the best interests of its pack,
and assume you fervently desire the same such ends.

The Hunting Lodge

Sometimes it does get lonely out there. And sometimes the
job is so tough, you just cannot do it on your own. Many
hunters came together into small, informal groups. They
band together to take down Kindred with numbers, rather
than lone scare tactics.

Groups of characters will be like this. Some of them may
have been, and maybe still are, members of the larger groups,
such as the Arcanum. But for various reasons, maybe anger
at the inactivity or bureaucracy of the larger groups, they cut
off on their own, or join up with small bands of others who
share they desire to take the fight to the Kindred personally.

The success of these smaller groups depends largely on
their personal chemistry. If they do not like each other, itmay
not be long before they cut out on their own again. But then
again, much can be suffered while following the call to duty,
even those annoying personal habits of your fellow hunters.

Even these small groups have to have some organization
though. Someone must be the nominal leader, usually the
hunter with the most experience or the wisest tactician. These
groups can break themselves up into specialties, such as the
bag lady who is good at discovering where Kindred live,
while the ex-mercenary is the one to drive home the stake.

Names are important for establishing personal unity and
group moral. A small group of like-minded people hunting
the Kindred for religious reasons may call themselves the
Brotherhood of Light. A more vengeful oriented group may
call themselves the Burning Sun, or the Soldiers of Retribu-
tion. There is a small, ragtag group of mystics, called the
Inner Darkness, whose motive is to awaken Kindred to
Golconda and to show them the pocket of unassailable
humanity they harbor within their heart. Most Vampires

resent and distrust this group, so they must "force" Kindred
to awaken.

These non-formal groups of individuals are usually very
unique, and full of archetypes such as Trickster, Deviant,
Bravo, Gallant and Visionary. These groups do not always
last long, but occasionally they can actually grow into a major
organization.

The Trophy: Destruction of
the Kindred

For I'm weary wi' hunting, and fain wald lie down.
— Lord Randall, unnamed ballad

Eventually, some hunter will achieve his goal, whether it
be destruction, control, or quenching of his curiosity. When
this happens, he must forge new goals. But it may mean
retirement. When the thing which has haunted your dreams
for years has finally been laid to restpermanently, maybe rest
is also what you seek.

Sometimes the goal is to gain evidence to bring before the
world. A dead Kindred is hard to bring about, as they turn to
ash so quickly. But a staked and incapacitated Vampire can

34 The Hunters Hunted

be shown to others. Getting one is the hard part, and then
getting her in the reputable papers and on television can be
even harder.

Whether the characters ina hunter game can bring enough
evidence forth to blow the Masquerade is up to the Story-
teller. Maybe they can get the local sheriff to look at their
evidence, but suddenly government agents in black limos
pull up and remove all the traces of Kindred, telling the
characters that if they say anything, they will wind up in a
maximum security prison. Their mission may be doomed
from the start, or maybe they are the spark that turns into the
raging fire of Gehenna.

Another problem a hunter will sooner or later come to face
is the realization thatnotall Kindred are the evil monsters the
hunter may have initially believed them to be. The hunter
tracks a Vampire down to her haven and destroys her, and
then comes across her journal, which gives the account of her
desperate attempt to live as a Vampire without harming
mortals. As he reads the journal, he discovers that often she

risked near-starvation and mad frenzies to avoid drinking
from mortals. As he reads more and more about her courage,
and her love for humanity, he cannot help but realize that he
has just destroyed an innocent, tragic victim, and were he in
the same situation as she, he may never have summoned the
courage she did. He realizes that his mad rage, his lust for her
destruction, has caused him to be more inhuman than sheever
was.

This can cause the hunter to end his hunt, to wearily crawl
away, acknowledging defeat before the forces of the night,
forgetful that, while he has discovered the good in Vampires,
that does not abolish the evil.

Usually though, the hunt never really ends. One person
miay give it up, but that does not mean the Kindred are notstill
at work in the world, and there will always be others to hunt
them down.

In the end, the true reward for a hunter is the drama of the
hunt, the intense moments when he or she can make a
difference, and can singlehandedly, or with other hunters,
stop the dark, supernatural forces from preying on humanity.

The Hunt 35

¥ wi ana Sy sy 7

il

een

"ty


Chapter Chree:

Che Duncters_

Keep gude company, and ye' ll be counted one of them.
— Scottish proverb

here are many groups and organizations in the

< world which have discovered the existence of

Kindred. Some of these organizations were

begun with the express purpose of hunting the Kindred.

Others, such as the FBI Special Affairs, were created for

unrelated reasons, but have turned their attention and energy

towards finding the Kindred. What follows is a discussion of

the groups which are most dangerous to the Kindred — their
structures, motivations and methods.

A lone mortal with a purpose is dangerous enough to the
Kindred, as they desperately try to keep their secret from
mortal society, but when mortals group together, uniting
their strength against Kindred, then the threat is apparent to
all. This is perhaps why the Camarilla has survived its rocky
troubles in this anarchic age of youth, as only the most
overconfident doubt the necessity of a united stand against
these societies of accursed mortals sticking their noses where
they do not belong.

Described here are the groups which pose the greatest
threat to the Kindred, generally the ones with national and
sometimes worldwide ties. There are smaller, more regional
groups throughout the world: dangerous enough in their
locale, but which, for various reasons, do not extend their
power elsewhere. Perhaps there is a chapter of the Oddfellows
Local who is aware of the Kindred, and its members get
together to use their ties with the community against them.
These actions may be largely ineffective, but their very
awareness of the Kindred, and their resolve to combat them,
is enough to make them a threat to the Masquerade. Princes
must tread carefully with these good ol' boys.

FBI Special Affairs

The Federal Bureau of Investigation concerns itself largely
with federal crime and intelligence on dangers to American
society. One of the organization's methods to gather intelli-
gence on affairs affecting Americans is the Special Affairs
division.

History

The Special Affairs division of the Bureau was begun in
the early 1950s. Its official, public purpose was to "investi-
gate cases of a strange and persistent nature with the intent of
determining, once and for all, whether such cases represent
anationwide hoax, or if they in fact possess some validity to
truth." Among the cases listed were sighting of UFOs,
Bigfoot, and many other odd and bizarre incidents, including
occasional sightings of ghosts.

Its modus operandi was to send out agents to investigate
any "strange incidents." In the '50s and ‘60s, this included a
large amount of UFO sightings. Sometimes the agents would
bug the houses of known "weirdos." Because of this, their
efficiency in responding to incidents before they were even
officially reported became legendary. This was the cause of
the famous "Men in Black" encounters by various UFO
sighters. The Special Affairs division was, and is, largely a
secret among other Bureau employees, so these "Men in
Black" would not introduce themselves as FBI agents.

The Hunters 37

Butall this activity was a front to hide the true goal of the
agency: to uncover and destroy Vampires.

The seeds for Special Affairs grew out of a Vampire
encounter in the 1930s. Charles Horner was a government
agent aiding Eliot Ness's attack on Al Capone. While inves-
tigating the Chicago underground, he discovered some of
Capone's men packaging liquor to transport over state lines.
He leapt from hiding only to be attacked by their leader, who
bared his fangs and bit Charles deeply in the neck. The
Vampire left him for dead, but Charles's iron will allowed
him to crawl to the nearest phone and get help.

After that, Horner worked his way up in the FBI until he
could pull enough strings to open the Special Affairs divi-
sion, which would allow him to hunt Vampires.

Current Status

The director of this division since 1980 has been George
Ferris Thomasson, a career G-Man from the Hoover days.

He was transferred from Homicide to Special Affairs in
the late '60s after he encountered a Vampire while tracking
down a serial killer. It was a shocking discovery for the
conservative and pragmatic agent. He had been one of the
few in the FBI aware of Special Affairs, but had always
believed the organization's interest in such things was only
ablind to its rumored purpose of cataloging potential Bolshe-
vik spies.

The director of Special Affairs at the time, Charles Homer,
knew he had to recruit Thomasson once he had discovered the
Kindred's existence. He was impressed with Thomasson's
record, and believed that he had the proper attitude of realism
required to keep from getting too emotionally drawn into the
job. However, as Thomasson encountered even more Vam-
pires on Special Affairs cases, he grew more and more
paranoid of them. Today, as the current director, he is running
a campaign of destruction against them, unless he can come
up with hard evidence of their usefulness to American
interests.

The official "uniform of the Special Affairs is the infa-
mous black suit and dark glasses. They also drive black
cadillacs from a special government car pool.

Due to financial cutbacks resulting from intrabureau fight-
ing (and possibly Kindred manipulation), the field agents
number only five. Thomasson also has a second incommand,
Gerald Osbourne, at the Washington D.C. office, and three
laboratory experts.

Thomasson sends out his agents to various serial killer
investigations, with the purpose of discovering Kindred
clues. The appearance of such clues in some cases has given
the division a remarkable record in solving such cases,
although the guilty party has almost always been a patsy set
up by the Kindred to cover the Masquerade.

Thomasson and his five agents all have the skills Kindred
Lore and Spirit Lore, plus the broader and more general

Occult Knowledge. Besides Vampires, they are well versed
in the lore of odd, occult things and people from all over
America, although they do notreally understand these things.
They simply know what people report or believe in.
Thomasson has not yet uncovered proof of the existence of
werewolves, but if he does, then he will turn his agents onto
the track against them too. Until then, none of the agents
possesses Lupine Lore.

Motivation

Thomason's main motive is the gathering of information
and evidence on the Kindred for the purpose of destroying
them and their plots. His ultimate aim in this is the eventual
attempt at controlling the Kindred, bringing them under
Bureau jurisdiction. He believes that such creatures can be
used to perform high-level operations against various "unde-
sirable" aspects of American society. In other words, he
wishes to use Kindred to destroy people he believes threaten
true, red-blooded American interests, such as Communists,
Socialists, Far-Left extremists, Feminists, Politically Cor-
rect activists, Role-Playing gamers, and Intellectuals.

He does not know enough yet about the Kindred to realize
just how difficult it would be to control them. He cannot
conceive of the truly Machiavellian politics going on in
Undead society.

Methods

The primary method used by the FBI in hunting Kindred
is the Detective Method. Their main goal is the gathering of
information, and they use the most sophisticated modern
techniques in tracking their suspects. This is complemented
by the Heavy Firepower Method. They know how dangerous
the Kindred can be, and they do not plan on being taken
unaware. They feel that the best defense in their line of work
is a good, hard frontal assault.

What They Know

The Special Affairs division has been able to gather this
information for their files so far:

Vampires, or Kindred as they call themselves, divide
themselves into clans, all of which are members of a greater
organization called the Camarilla. Just as in America, there
are anarchistic individuals outside this society attempting to
destroy it. The Camarilla's main purpose seems to be hiding
the existence of Vampires from the human public. This is
called Operation Masquerade, and was developed inreaction
to the Grand Inquisition of the Middle Ages.

Theknownclans areas follows: the Ventrue: leaders of the
Camarilla. Each city has a Prince ruling it, usually a member
of this clan. The Brujah: the opposing political party, the far
left to the Ventrue's right. Generally rebellious and danger-
ous in thought. Nosferatu: all of this clan are loathsome in

38 The Hunters Hunted


appearance, but they run the information network of the
Kindred. This is the clan whose records needs to be confis-
cated, but as yet, no agent has been able to discover the
location of such records. The Tremere: these Vampires
believe themselves to be occultists, and they study much of
that lore. Not much is known yet of them. There are perhaps
more clans, but they have not yet been discovered.

Effective methods against them: the traditional crosses of
legends are ineffective against them, as are garlic, mirrors
and running water. A wooden stake through the heart (it must
be placed directly through the organ) will paralyze the
Vampire for an indefinite amountof time. Exposure to fire or
sunlight has a dramatic entropic effect, killing the Vampire
within minutes, and sometimes even seconds.

Allies: Kindred are known to be able to control humans by
giving them their blood. This sets up some type of mental
control (see Bureau report on Mesmerism). The blood also
gives the recipient great strength. No agent has yet discov-
ered a method to identify these "Ghouls," as Kindred call
them, except for blood tests.

Identifying Kindred: They generally appear pale and
thin, and are never seen during daylight hours. Beyond this,
they vary greatly in appearance. They can always be identi-
fied by a blood test (see the Bureau report on Vampire

Blood). A sample of this blood was obtained, and found to
differ remarkably from known blood types, but as yet the
forensics department has not been able to identify any of its
mysterious properties, although some platelets appear to bear
a resemblance to those found in earthworm blood.
Beware: never approach Kindred withoutagency backup.
SE A EE ES

Structure of the Division

The Special Affairs division answers only to the Bureau
Chief. Each new head of the FBI is briefed by the head of
Special Affairs in a private session. Since Hoover stepped
down from the Agency, Thomasson has hidden the true
motives of the division from the successive Bureau heads,
afraid they would not believe his evidence for the existence
of Vampires. He cannot risk having the division's funding
cut, so Thomasson has faked many reports on the Division's
ability to identify dangerous subversives, and touts the
division's high success rate with serial killers. This has been
successful thus far in allowing him to keep the Division's
autonomy intact.

Otherwise, most other operatives do not even know the
division exists. Those who are aware of its existence believe
it simply to be an information-gathering network. The head
of the Serial Homicide Division has recently become curious
at the amazing success of this division in finding killers, and
has asked for some of their files to cross-reference with his
own to find more killers. Thomasson has given him only the
least sensitive material, and none of the Kindred information.

There are five field agents, who can be found all over the
United States at any time. They are dispatched to investiga-
tions of all types, but Thomasson is concentrating on events
which may have Kindred ties. An agent was recently sent to
investigate an eerie serial killer who showed up in a small
town in Washington state, but the results of the investigation
as yet are inconclusive.

There are three laboratory forensics experts who work at
the main office in Washington D.C., except when they called
out into the field for a forensics examination. They have a
high priority to study Kindred blood, but the secrecy of their
investigation has prevented them from getting outside aid
that may help shed light on its mysterious composition. If
they were to match minds with the CDC, the Masquerade
would not last long.

There is an administrative pool handling the day-to-day
secretarial necessities of the division. They maintain all the
files except for the Kindred files. These are kept in an hidden
safe in Thomasson's office. Only he knows its location (in the
floor under his chair) and combination.

Playing a Special Affairs Agent

Vampire provides a Government Agent to use as a start-
ing point when creating a character. Members of the Special
Affairs division all have an Occult Knowledge of at least 3,

The Hunters 39

with the specialization being Kindred. Some other speciali-
ties are UFOs, Monsters, Ghosts, Parapsychology, and Magic.
With experience, the Storyteller should allow you to buy the
more accurate Knowledges of Kindred Lore or Spirit Lore.
AllSpecial A ffairs agents have the following Backgrounds:
Allies 5 (fellow FBI agents), Influence 4 (Federal Police
powers of investigation) and usually a few Contacts.

Skill in firearms is a necessity, and Thomasson wants his
agents to be well-trained in the use of assault rifles. By
throwing as much lead at a Vampire as fast as possible, the
agents hope to be able to incapacitate a Cainite long enough
to immobilize her with a stake.

Common Archetypes are Plotter, Director, Conformist,
Curmudgeon and Traditionalist.

Kindred Reactions

The Camarilla has declared that all Kindred muststay well
away from this organization. The Justicars have occasionally
run campaigns of misdirection against them, but even this
degree of risk is considered too much by some. The Prince of
Washington D.C. is trying to have Thomasson killed, in the
belief that the organization will fold without him, or at least
the Kindred hunting aspect of it. But the Elders of D.C. and

elsewhere are too afraid of the risks, and have threatened the
Prince against this course. Nonetheless, if given the chance,
he will take it.

Storytelling Hints: The Special Affairs is the organiza-
tion for those hunters who like guns and the chance to use
them against Kindred. Their Federal Police powers can
protect them from having to explain any gunfights in the
streets, but even this ability has its limit. They are covert
intelligence agents, and are expected by Thomasson to act
that way; in other words, be damn quiet about the Kindred.
Thomasson does not want to deal with a national panic due
to knowledge of Vampires. Additionally, he feels it would
take an overwhelming amount of proof to convince the
public, and he will not release any until he has it all. In this
way, he actually protects the Masquerade.

The National Security Agency
(NSA)

The most powerful security organization in the American
government, the NSA is the shadow intelligence agency
moving behind all the others. Thought to be primarily an
information-gathering and sorting organization, the NSA has
substantial authority when it comes to "ensuring" national
security. For instance, it has a substitute government ready
to step into power in case the primary government fails,
whether due to foreign invasion, nuclear war, internal dissen-
sion or other cause.

It possesses vast jurisdictional powers to ensure the secu-
rity of the United States government. Because of this, if it
ever discovered Kindred existence, the powers it could
muster against the Kindred would be phenomenal. Substan-
tial data exists in its information banks which would point to
the presence of the Undead, but so far nothing has been done.
The problem is that some of its agents already know of the
Kindred, and that knowledge may be its destruction.

Only three NSA operatives appear to have any knowledge
of the Undead — Bruce Higgins, Maurice Edwards and
Felicity Price. The three comprise the heart of the NSA's
domestic intelligence bureau, charged with protecting the
United States from "internal threats." They serve as its nerve
center, collecting data from its various sources, condensing
itand passing on matters of importance to the policy-makers
who handle them. All three are very proficient with comput-
ers, research and other aspects of their job.

The three have worked together since the late 1970s, and
have gathered substantial information on areas of interest to
themselves — for instance, Edwards has used his position to
put together the most comprehensive sports database in
existence, and uses it to ensure his success with bookmakers,

The other two also have their special areas, and Higgins
and Price both have a passing interest in the paranormal. A
few years ago, they combined to put together an exhaustive

40 The Hunters Hunted

account of odd and unexplainable events, with their main
focus being on bizarre crimes. As the years passed, and their
collection of lore increased, the two began noticing patterns
in the data — the same sort of patterns they were trained to
look for regarding subversives and spies. Covertly manipu-
lating Agency operatives, satellites and information sources
to seek the information they wanted, the two came to a
startling conclusion — Vampires and Werewolves really
exist,

Amazed by what they had discovered, they began quietly
expanding their knowledge. Picking the nearby city of
Baltimore as their test location, they quickly pinpointed the
havens of a number of the Undead. In order to leam more
about these mysterious figures, Higgins and Price methodi-
cally set about turning two Vampires into deadly enemies.
They would carry outannoying operations, like forcing one's
main source of revenue into bankruptcy, or having the other's
haven condemned, while always making it seem as if the
other was behind the deed.

With the use of listening devices, phone taps, video
surveillance and other sources, the agents watched the Vam-
pires marshall their forces for war. They heard ghouls
planning raids, listened to phone conversations between the
warring factions and allied Vampires and watched the final
showdown via concealed cameras. They saw the two Vam-
pires meet head-to-head. One was destroyed while the other
collapsed following the fight, only to be carried away by her
retainers, not to be seen since.

The two agents found the heady thrill of destroying such
mighty beings almost too much to bear. They carefully
plotted out another such operation in New York, but were
horrified when this time their plans led to bloody shootouts
in the streets. They lay low for more than a year before they
set about manipulating two more Baltimore Vampires, How-
ever, this time they picked one Sabbat Vampire and one
Camarilla Kindred.

The ensuing battles began to involve more and more
Kindred. The NSA agents watched with fascination as the
feud they started became all-encompassing, leading to the
destruction of more Kindred than the three had thought
existed in Baltimore. This time, however, Higgins and Price
had not completely covered their tracks,

One night in his apartment near NSA headquarters in Fort
Meade, Maryland, Higgins had a late-night visitor. Calling
himself Canterbury, the visitor spoke with Higgins for the
entire night. When Higgins began to tire near morning, the
guest took a straight razor from his pocket, slit his wrist, and
fed the NSA agent some blood.

Immediately refreshed, with more vitality than he had ever
feltbefore, Higgins had no problem staying up to talk with his
odd companion. By the time he left for work, still full of
energy, Higgins had agreed to help the Sabbat in its efforts to
liberate the world from the yoke of the Camarilla.

Several weeks later, Price had a similar encounter. Her
controller was much less subtle, however, and Dominated
Price into aiding her and the Camarilla. Now both NSA
operatives have cut back on their actual manipulation, and
spend much of their time gathering information for their
respective Sects.

Thus their NSA work has begun to suffer. Edwards
noticed this first, and began his own secretive investigations
into what the others were up to. Horrified by his own
discovery of the Kindred, he quickly leapt to the idea that his
coworkers might be manipulated by these creatures. He has
begun his own covert actions to find out if this is true.

Edwards is not the only one to notice the drop in produc-
tivity in the domestic intelligence bureau. High-level NSA
officials have also noticed the decline and plan to have trusted
operatives find out what the problem is or if the trio has begun
working for an enemy of the republic.

Motives:

While Higgins and Price work for their respective Sects,
other NSA agents' goal would be to uncover what is wrong
with three of the Agency's top people and correcting the
problem. Once they discover the secret of the Undead,
however, this motive may well change.

Methods:

The main method employed by the NSA is the Manipula-
tive Method. Higgins, Edwards and Price can use this method
with great effectiveness, as can other agents. They seek to
manipulate through information control, for information is
power in the high-level, high-technology world of shadows
in which they move. Agents brought in to find out what has
gone wrong would have to use the Detective Method: follow-
ing the three, tapping their phones and trying to breach their
computer security.

What They Know:

The NSA has a great deal of information on the Kindred
in its databanks, but only the three agents mentioned here
have access to it or even know of its existence. Higgins and
Price know the most, while Edwards is aware of their exist-
ence, their aversion to sunlight and fire, their methods of
combat and the war between the Camarilla and the Sabbat.
Other agents would know nothing at the beginning of play.

Playing an NSA Operative:

Use the Government Agent suggestions in the Vampire
Rulebook as a starting point. Backgrounds are: Allies 5
(fellow NSA Operatives), Influence 5 (broad jurisdictional
powers over all intelligence agencies), and usually some
Contacts.

The Hunters 41

Common Archetypes are Autocrat, Autist (this is a very
common demeanor of spies), Plotter and Architect.

Kindred Reactions:

Very few Kindred are aware of this group, and each
believes he or she is the only one to know about it. Thus
Higgins and Price do not work atcross purposes, but still they
keep their activities secret. If more Kindred were to find out
what was up, however, there could well be hell to pay, with
all trying to get a piece of the information pie.

Storytelling Hints: Any player who loves intrigue would
feel at home here. A Story using NSA agents can be a good
chance to use gadgets, detective work and heavy firepower in
the efforts to fight the Undead. Always remember, they
should never know who they can trust and who they can't.

The Center for Disease
Control (CDC)

This governmentagency, based in Auanta, Georgia, moni-
tors outbreaks of diseases all over America to determine the

BR'bazs fy

dangers posed by these outbreaks. Its purpose is to try to
predict, and advise on dealing with, massive contagions and
outbreaks of contagious diseases as well as other health risks.
One of its most vital efforts is aimed at controlling the AIDS
virus.

It has been concerned recently at the mysterious appear-
ance of the virus in cases without known blood contact. This
implies that the virus has mutated into an aerosol contagion,
transmitted through the air. If this is true, the advice this
agency would deliver to the federal government would cause
massive legislation towards controlling the spread of the
virus, possibly including the heavy quarantining of victims of
the disease. A new age of repression and fear would dawn,

But the agency has not yet had any evidence, beyond the
mysterious transmissions, to believe in an air-transmitted
HIV virus. The truth, if it ever came out, is even more
horrible. It is the wanton drinking of the Kindred that is
spreading this disease, as they carry the virus from victim to
victim.

The CDC is mobilizing its formidable resources to solving
this dilemma. It may only be a matter of time until they
discover the carriers of the virus. With the CDC's credibility,
the meticulousness of its methods and the publicity its

42 The Hunters Hunted


activities attract, the Masquerade would be torn away, and
hunters would descend on the Kindred like a pack of dogs.

Another danger, though slight, is the occasional Ghoul.
Sometimes, in the course of their work for the Kindred, they
have been arrested and routinely tested for drugs. The strange
content of their blood has sometimes caused doctors to send
it out to the CDC for clarification. It is still a mystery to the
CDC, and they have done much so far to uncover the contents
of the blood, but due to the extreme rarity of cases, thepriority
of investigation is low.

If the FBI Special Affairs forensics experts were to confer
with the CDC on this blood, they would make amazing
scientific discoveries from it, even to the extent of eventually
synthesizing the blood. The military uses for this are so
phenomenal that such research would not be simply ignored.

Motives

To discover the nature of the mysterious HIV transmis-
sions that have no apparent cause.

Method

The Scientific Method characterizes the procedures the
CDC goes through in investigating diseases, with some
employees using the Detective Method to gather information
on the stranger strains encountered.

What They Know

They as yet do not know of the Kindred, but all it will take
is one Kindred forgetting to lick the wound, and massive
scientific investigations would begin on all receivers of the
virus, perhaps including even Hypnotism, which may reveal
a Kindred's command to forget the feeding.

Structure of the CDC

Dr. Marisa Fletcher is the head of the research team now
looking into the transmittal mystery. As the cases have
steadily risen, so has her funding and power to interfere with
law enforcement investigations if needed. She has a team of
four researchers under her. Samples and information are sent
to her from all over the country for investigation.

She has not yet conferred with the researchers who have
studied the few cases of strange Ghoul blood. If she does, she
may notice that the trace elements in the victims' blood match
those found in the Ghoul blood, and she would move on to
another phase of the investigation, with yet more power and
funding.

Playing a CDC Researcher

You may not want to play any of these people, as they do
not always make for exciting or dramatic gaming, but an ex-

CDC researcher can command a great deal of respect and
bring significant scientific knowledge to bear on the problem
of the Undead

Current members would all have a Medicine Knowledge
at at least 4, with a specialty in Diseases. They would have
Contacts 3 (various medical personnel throughout the coun-
try), and Influence 3 (ability to recommend quarantining of
areas and people). Former members would lose their influ-
ence, but gain allies (old friends in the CDC).

Common Archetypes are Caregiver, Cavalier, Director
and Martyr.
TE

Kindred Reactions

The Kindred are just beginning to be aware of this new
threat to the Masquerade. They believe that since they ex-
change no bodily fluids, they are safe. However, they forget
that some blood can remain in their mouths and on their lips
and fangs. Thus those who most spread the disease are those
who flit from victim to victim, feeding several times a night.
Those few who know of their role in the spread of this disease
move very carefully, Petrondon, the Nosferatu Justicar, has
worked to keep government funding for AIDS research at a
low level, but the vast outcry for more money from AIDS
activists may soon overcome his efforts.

Disease is something with which the Kindred have rarely
concerned themselves, as itdoes notaffectthem. The dangers
of a plague transmitted by Kindred are rarely considered.
Some Kindred, old enough to remember, know of the evi-
dence brought before Inquisition judges long ago, pointing
out Vampiric causes in the Black Plague. But these Kindred
crawl away to their hidden havens, too paranoid with age to
do anything about it.

The Anarchs may be the ones to blow the whistle on the
Masquerade, as they rarely mind the consequences of their
drinking. The party may be over soon.

The Arcanum

... my library was dukedom large enough.
— Shakespeare, The Tempest

Among people of learning and knowledge in this world,
there is a group of those dedicated to the pursuit of that
knowledge long lost by the rest of humanity, the lore of the
occult. They tirelessly work to glean what wisdom they can
from the world's mass of stories and tales told by the fire at
night, and from the ancient records continually unearthed in
old tombs and archaeological digs. This group has gathered
together an amazing amount of Occult Lore in every subject
imaginable.

They are aware of the Kindred and the werewolves, the
Faerie and the spirits that flit between worlds. There are
chapters of this organization all over the world, but the

The Hunters 43


founding chapter is in London, England. These chapters
consist of members, scholars all, who have long exhibited a
deep, abiding interest in the occult, and the wisdom that can
be gained therefrom. Membership is open by invitation only,
and a current member must sponsor the entry of any appli-
cants. Itisa very exclusive club, which keeps its true purpose
and interests a secret from outsiders, who "would not under-
stand the onus of our responsibility to Humankind to Know."

History

The Arcanum was begun as an organization in 1885 by
Benjamen Holmscroft, an occultist disillusioned with the
Hermetic Order of the Rising Day, of which he had been a
member. He tired of their continual substitution of imagina-
tive theories over a wisdom gleaned from known facts and
rational conjectures from myth and legend. He quit, and after
a few years of long brooding and planning, sent out invita-
tions to fellow occultists whom he believed to be of the "same
stripe" as himself.

They gathered together in his drawing room late one night
to discuss his new idea. He proposed for them to join together
in a scholarly organization whose purpose would be the
"incessant and irresolute pursuit of Wisdom and Knowledge
hidden in the shadows of the world." This would be called the
Arcanum.

Holmscroft and many of his guests, besides being mem-
bers of various popular Hermetic Orders, were all members
of an older and more secret society: that of the Rosy Cross,
or the Rosicrusians, Their ultimate goal in the pursuit of
secret lore was the gaining of immortality. In this they
followed in the tradition of medieval alchemists, and many of
the founding members were practitioners of that art and
science.

Itis a little-known secret among the subsequent members
that, among the original cabal, were figures of great age, men
who had acheived some limited success in their experiments
with immortality through alchemical processes.

The Founder' s firstact, under the leadership of Holmscroft,
was to set up a chapter office in London, where they would
house their repository of records. One of the agreements
made among them was the communal use of each other's
personal libraries, collected together at the new office. This
was an astounding achievement on Holmscroft's part, con-
sidering the petty jealousies of most scholars of the time, and
without it it is doubtful that the Arcanum could have survived
into the modern age. The central library, the "Axis Mundi of
the Arcanum" as it has been called, has been most helpful to
many successive members, many of whom make sabbaticals
across the ocean to study there.

Current Status

Since that time, many Chapter Houses have been set up all
over the world and in far-flung comers of the earth. The

44 The Hunters Hunted


largestand oldest in America is located in Washington D.C.,
in a large house in Georgetown. Another is in Boston,
Massachusetts. There are smaller Houses in other cities and
towns throughout the United States.

Thecurrent Head of the American Order, Jonathan Kelvin,
was the youngest of those original Founders. He has main-
tained good health and longevity through the years due to his
alchemical lore, but even he is now in the grip of old age. He
resides at the Georgetown Chapter House.

Recent membership in the Arcanum has been falling off of
late, due to the "lack of character" among the new generation.
Few of sufficient learning, intelligence and desire to warrant
invitation have come to the notice of the Arcanum. Most
members lament the irrationality of the New Age movement
while applauding its motives.

There are a few young mavericks who have, however,
entered the ranks of lateand are actively researching Millennial
Lore, or the apocalyptic musings of scholars concerning the
end of the world with the coming of the millennium, or the
year 2000. Some of these scholars are pursuing the rumors of
the Kindred Antediluvians in light of Eschatological study.
This has created a recent revival in Kindred Lore among the
Arcanum.

The most influential of these young men is Thomas
Yardley. He was a philosophy major at Harvard when, on a
dare, he entered a haunted house. His experiences there
changed his entire outlook on knowledge, and he began
delving into occultism. His expert and rational papers on the
subject caused the Arcanum to take notice of him. An
invitation was soon offered, which he gladly accepted. He is
preeminent right now in investigating Kindred Lore, as the
Antediluvian apocalypse, or Gehenna, is of especial interest
to him,

Motives

Curiosity is the only motive of the Arcanum. None but the
newestand youngest members actually desire to getinvolved
with the hunting of Kindred for their destruction. The older
members prefer to study them from afar, within the safety of
their leather lounge chairs. Younger members say this is due
more to cowardice than anything else, but the elders' philo-
sophical views support their stand.

They do actively seek to interview any Vampire hunters,
and anyone who has witnessed occult or supernatural events.

Methods

Among the variety of methods employed by Arcanum
scholars are the Scientific Method, the Detective Method and
the Mystical Method. The Heavy Firepower Method is never
used by this organization, though they occasionally study its
practitioners. Destroying the Kindred, or involving them-
selves in their machinations, is against their code of purpose
to leam.

What the Arcanum Knows

They have a vast body of information on the Kindred, but
coupled with actual truth are many false assertions. Due to
the more scholarly, and less active, role of the Arcanum,
much of the information has not been fully tested ‘in the field'.
The Arcanum is excessively involved with theory, and is
lacking in practice.

Just about all the information presented on Kindred in
Vampire and The Players Guide is available in the Central
Library, and maybe in Georgetown also. But it is mixed with
the false legends and myths that have grown up around
Vampires. They have depositions on file from known Vam-
pire hunters, but these vary in what can be learned from their
experiences. Some of these files claim Vampires can be
turned by crosses, while others attest to the miserable failure
of such methods. Only a few in the Arcanum have cometo the
conclusion that Faith is required to use holy symbols against
Kindred.

The individual scholars of the Arcanum gather in informal
debates on the veracity of these legends, but none have been
able to come to any final conclusions, which has caused the
younger members to believe more active investigations should
take place. The older members believe this would destroy

The Hunters 45


their reputation of objectivity and noninvolvement, which
some insist to be the reason they have not been the object of
Kindred attacks.

Until the Arcanum becomes more conversant with expe-
riential facts, their theories will not uncover any essential
truths.

ES TEE

Structure of the Arcanum

The Arcanum is divided into Chapter Houses, with the
Main House being in London, where the Grand Head resides.
Each house has its own Head and subofficers with various
titles, largely honorary rather than administrative, such as
Head of Libraries, Head of Paranormal Phenomena, Head of
Regional Lore, etc.

There is also a Financial Officer in each house who
handles the finances of that chapter. Due to the massive funds
contributed by the Founders, coupled with current grants and
excellent investments, the members of the Arcanum are
largely able to make their membership their sole source of
income. They are each paid a gratuity and offered room and
board at their House of membership, although some mem-

46 The Hunters Hunted

bers still keep their professorships and positions in society.
This is all in return for additions to the Libraries, either from
the member's own researches or the presenting of books to
those Libraries.

Playing an Arcanum Scholar

The starting template for this character type is suggested
in Vampire. Beyond a common interest in knowledge, these
scholars vary immensely in type. Many specialize in all kinds
of different areas of knowledge. Some are in good, fit shape
from the Polo field, while others have not left their musty
libraries for weeks. Besides being top-heavy in Mental Abili-
ties and Knowledges, feel free to come up with any combina-
tion of other skills.

As members of the Arcanum, all characters will have the
Background Resources 1, which allows them to live without
a real job. They also have Allies 2 (other members, but the
number that can be mustered in any hurry is variable), and
Contacts 4 (various scientists and other scholars around the
world). Some members may also have some degree of Fame,
being writers of bestsellers, or perhaps they are popular
documentary narrators, with billions and billion of viewers.


Kindred Reactions

No Kindred wish the Arcanum to gather information on
them. Their mystery is important to the Masquerade, and
Arcanum Libraries are a great risk to it. A Vampire once
succeeded in burning down the Boston chapter's library, but
rather than helping, this made the Arcanum extremely suspi-
cious and the security measures they have instituted now
ensure that only members have access to these libraries. The
Arcanum has recently instituted routine blood tests for all
members to prevent a Ghoul from entering their ranks. The
tisk of doing so is now considered too dangerous by Kindred,
and none wish to give the younger members of the Arcanum
excuses to actively seek them out.

This organization is considered rather harmless, and this
has caused many Kindred to be incautious concerning it.

Additionally, Kelvin, Head of the American Order, is
terrified of his old age. He greatly fears dying. His alchemical
methods to extend his life have recently been ineffective, and
he is secretly considering seeking out a Kindred to Embrace
him and give him the immortality he desires.

The Inquisition (the Society of Leopold)

Wether the belief that there are such beings as witches is
so essential a part of the Catholic Faith that obstinately to
maintain the opposite opinion manifestly savours of heresy.

— Malleus Maleficarum, Part One, Question 1

Certainly the most feared of the Vampire-hunting organi-
zations, the Inquisition has many footsoldiers in the war
against the demonic Vampire menace. Their numbers are
small, but this is made up for by the courage and relentless
sense of duty of the few who follow the dictates of this group.

The reason for the fear this group engenders, regardless of
any actual ability on their part (and their abilities are strong),
is because of its power of old, when it led massive campaigns
against the Kindred through the Church in the Middle Ages.
This campaign destroyed many ancient Cainites and prompted
the creation of the Masquerade to protect the survivors from
another Inquisition.

The vast majority of members of the Church no longer
believe in Vampires, werewolves, or witches. But those of

The Hunters 47


the Inquisition, called by themselves the Society of Leopold,
believe firmly. They have seen and combatted them. But they
have as yet been able to produce little evidence of their
experiences to the Church and thus gain the power they need
to finally destroy these creatures of the night.

SE EE TT

History

The Inquisition was begun in the early Middle Ages.
Instituted to destroy a host of Christian heresies, especially
the Catharist Heresy, it quickly became an excuse by the
Church to rid itself of undesirables and cement its hold on the
populace. Regardless of the political purposes that corrupted
the Inquisition, at the time it was believed to be most
necessary. It was only in its later period that it became
nothing more than the tool of political men.

Early into its investigations, the existence of Kindred was
discovered. This caused many rabidly faithful men to turn to
hunting them down. Torquemada, the Grand Inquisitor of
Spain, used torture in attempts to identify Kindred. He had
heard reports by church hunters of their blood-power to heal
themselves, and believed torture would reveal those with this
power. The great pain caused to innocents during this was
considered the price the Church had to pay to weed evil from
the world. Anyone who was innocent would be rewarded in
the next world for their purity.

Soon after, the Kindred came together to form the Mas-
querade, This caused the Church to believe that it had been
successful in destroying the Kindred, despite the occasional
reports from individual Vampire hunters. The public outcry
against the Church's Inquisition was growing, and
Torquemada's methods shocked even the Pope. It was now
a time for forgiveness, and no one wanted to believe that all
the torture and pain had come to naught. Hence, the Church
officially closed the book on the existence of Vampires.

But there were those who knew too much about the
Kindred to believe this, and they maintained the Inquisition,
with the strength of their ties to the Church leaders. After a
long period of time with no successes in discovering Vam-
pires (due to the Masquerade's early strong laws against
Kindred revealing themselves), the Church soon closed down
the Inquisition as a part of the Church. But even then, they did
not stop. They renamed themselves the Society of Leopold
and continued their investigations and searches for the Kin-
dred.

Current Status

The Society of Leopold has become the largest center of
Vampire and witch hunters in the world. The number of
powerful hunters who have come from their ranks is greater
than from any other group. Often, individual hunters will join
with the Inquisition for a time, and later continue on in their
own way. In this manner, the Inquisition has served as a

clearing house for much hunting activity. They continually
strive to contact new hunters and bring them into the fold.

The current Head of this Order is Monsignor Ameliano.
He isa long-time hunter, having been secretly taught the lore
of the hunt by his own father, a Catholic priest. Placed in an
orphanage from birth, he studied for a long time to be a priest
and ignore his hunting past, as many others told him it was
insane. But he encountered a Vampire one night in a cem-
etery. Horrified, he drove it forth with his faith alone. Since
then, he has turned his strengths to leading the Society of
Leopold into the modern age without losing its vital tradi-
tions. However, he believes too many hunters are corrupted
by worldly desires such as power, and sometimes even let
pity sway their hand against Kindred. He strives to educate
his Society on the theological horrors of the Kindred.

Motives

The motive of the Inquisition is destruction of all Vam-
pires, werewolves, witches and any other creatures of the
night. A deep theological and moral sense of duty supports
this desire. The Bible leaves no room for doubt as to whom
the Kindred really serve, and no hunter should suffer one to
exist.

Methods

The Religious Method and the Heavy Firepower Method
characterize the actions of the Inquisitors. Faith, for them,
demands destruction of the Kindred. Many of their hunters
use the Detective Method to track down their prey.

What the Inquisition Knows

Almosteverything. They have the most experience of any
other group in hunting them, and thus they possess a huge
amount of practical lore on them. Some of their lore is wrong,
due to excessive belief in superstitious testimony, but they all
know every way to kill a Kindred.

They have more current information than the Arcanum on
the present state of Vampire society, as they have men in the
field who can identify Kindred and what their positions in
society are. The amount an individual hunter of this group
knows depends more on experience than any study of lore.
Most hunters of the Inquisition do not spend as much time
with research as they should, fearful that it wastes time while
important destruction awaits.

SS ST

Structure of the Inquisition

The head of the Order is located in the Society's offices in
Rome. There are chapters of the Order all over the world, and
the Inquisition sometimes sends out missionaries to the far
corners of the Earth to aid the unenlightened against Vam-
pires. All the leaders of the Order are from the Catholic

48 The Hunters Hunted


Church, although the Order is no longer officially of the
Church. The various chapters are organized much like a local
Catholic church.
Te
Playing an Inquisitor

Vampire provides a starting template for a hunter or
minister from the Inquisition. Other skills not listed would be
Theology, History and any of the various Lores concerning
Kindred, Lupines or Spirits.

Common Archetypes are Visionary, Judge, Honest Abe,
Pedagogue, Fanatic, Loner, Cavalier and Martyr.

Kindred Reactions

Very old Cainites fear this group from memory of their
actions in the Middle Ages. They do all they can either to
avoid them or gain revenge. The Camarilla knows run-ins
with the Inquisition hunters are inevitable, and their Princes
attempt to alleviate the damage as much as possible by
throwing unwanted Kindred in the hunter's path. This will
either end up with the Kindred destroyed, the hunter dead, or
both. Most Kindred realize the futility of trying to talk the
Inquisition out of its actions, so they resort to violence, which
has caused many Inquisitors to be well-trained in fighting.

Children of Osiris

Then Isis fanned the cold clay with her wings: Osiris
revived, and thenceforth reigned as king of the dead in the
other world. There he bore the titles of Lord of the Under-
world, Lord of Eternity, Ruler of the Dead.

— James George Frazer, The Golden Bough

While many Kindred have heard of this strange Vampire
group, few believe it ever existed, and those who do believe
all its members to be destroyed. In fact it still exists, in hiding
and deep secrecy, and its members are the age-old enemies of
the Followers of Set.

History

Long ago, along the Nile River, a war was waged between
two Kindred, Sutekh (later called Set) and Osiris. They sent
their broods against one another, violently opposed to each
other's moral views. Whereas the Followers of Set repre-
sented the darkest things in the world, the Children of Osiris
longed for a return to the values of humanity, to preservation
of the precious Humanitas. Set was eventually defeated, but
not before his Followers managed to destroy most of the
Children.

Osiris was once a philosopher in a grand Egyptian court.
Embraced by a powerful aristocrat who longed for him to join
in the ecstatic joy of Night (and to use his skills in the growing
Jyhad), Osiris' new abilities repulsed him, and the moaning

The Hunters 49

Se EE eee

of the Beast deep within him shook his spirit. He tumed to
ancient methods of meditation to escape the horrible desires
his new body thrust upon his consciousness. Through great
will, magical lore and deep mystical enlightenment, he
achieved an incredible state of control over his degenerating
Virtues. But the price was an unlife of strong abstinence and
discipline.

His way differed from Golconda in that it had not the
joyful feeling accompanying that mystical state of being. It
‘was not permanent, but dependant on rigid discipline and
dogmatic rules of behavior. But, if practiced diligently, a
Vampire could prevent his Humanity from decreasing, and
gain new powers therefrom.

He wentand preached his newfound way to other Kindred,
and some joined him, seeking the control over the Beast that
he had made evident in himself. His way was marked by an
intense feeling of rebirth upon attainment of the conscious-
ness he preached. In this way, the Children of Osiris grew. So
to did the hatred of Set and his Followers.

In the most famous incident of the war, Set personally
hacked Osiris limb from limb and scattered his body to the far
corners of the land. Osiris' first follower, Isis, searched
everywhere for the parts, desperately hoping to bring him
back, but fearing that it was impossible for even a Kindred to

survive such destruction. She eventually, after long travail,
reconstituted his body. All his Children gave of their blood to
try to revive him. As their blood poured into his damaged
veins, the flesh began to mend, and come together whole.
Osiris' eyes openedand he arose. A great cheer arose from his
Children. Through force of will, he had maintained his
consciousness through even the Final Death, and had re-
turned.

But there was one consequence of his maiming. His blood
was not the same after his rebirth, for it no longer had the
power to create Progeny. It could still heal his injuries, but it
had no power to create more Kindred, or even turn mortals
into Ghouls. Since that time, none of the Children of Osiris
have ever made their own Progeny. Their ranks come from
the disillusioned of other clans.

Current Status

Osiris disappeared from the sight of his Followers soon
after Set vanished. The remaining Children have handed
down his ways and disciplines since then. The current master
of this group, called the Grand Undying King, is one of
Osiris' last Progeny, before he could no longer create more.

50 The Hunters Hunted


His location is unknown to most of the current membership,
but he occasionally appears when the chance to thwart the
Followers of Set arises.

The Followers of Set believe all the Children to be gone
from the Earth, but this is due to the Children's highly secret
methods, using only their allies and retainers to act for them.
Their extremely ascetic ways require that they not risk the
impurities of the world of Kindred society. They will leave
their hidden Havens to recruit new members, but candidates
are very rare, with invitations extended only to those already
inclined towards the search for mystic truths.

Motives

Their main concern is the keeping of their Humanity and
Virtues. To do this, they must practice time-consuming
rituals of meditation, and maintain rigid rules of behavior.
Greatly aided by the sanctity of a Temple; some find that if
they are unable to meditate in its pure environs they will
quickly degenerate in virtues.

The Children abhor the Followers of Set, and their only
contact with the Kindred, besides recruitment, is to move
against the Followers and their kind. The current drug war in
America has provided excellent cover in attacking the Fol-
lowers of Set's criminal retainers. On rare occasions, a Child
will work against the plans of the Sabbat, for they revile the
Sabbat as petty imitators of the Follower's true evil.

Methods

The Children use the Mystical Method to achieve their
goals. Occasionally, they will use the Manipulative Method
to destroy Followers of Set from afar, being careful to leave
no trail which leads back to proof of their continued exist-
ence.

Appearance: Their physical traits vary, as they recruit
from various other clans, including Nosferatu. They are
usually adorned in pure white robes, sometimes trimmed
with mystical symbols and mandalas. They never wear items
that would distract them from their all-important discipline,
like the secular distractions of T-shirts or expensive clothing.
They are all shaved bald, including females.

Haven: They prefer very secluded locations, such as
mountain tops, or ancient ruins that have a history of mysti-
cism associated with them. They live communally in Havens
called Temples, which are necessary to attain their Discipline
of Bardo. These Temples are adorned with magical symbols,
mainly Egyptian, but also many of eastern origin, for the
Children have become mystically eclectic over the years, as
exhibited by the Discipline of Bardo. The Grand Temple is
located on a snowy mountain in Nepal, nearly inaccessible to

the world. The First Temple lies abandoned under the sands
of Egypt, destroyed by the Followers of Set long ago.

Background: All their members come from other clans,
orare Caitiffs. Thus there are few neonates in their ranks, but
likewise few Elders join, as their Humanity is usually too low
to maintain the Children's lifestyle. Humanity must be no
lower than 8 to be invited.

Sect Disciplines: Whatever the Kindred possessed before
joining; also, all must learn the Discipline of Bardo.

Organization: The Children are gathered together in their
rare and isolated Temples. Each Temple has a grand master,
called the Undying King, and his consort, the Queen, some-
times called the Daughter of Isis. He leads the others in his
example of asceticism. Other than that, hierarchy comes in
levels of respect, gained through degree of adherence to

Status: Status is gained by the number of Children who
have attained a balance under the example and tutelage of the
Kindred in question. This is rarely forced tutelage. Is it is
more like learning simply by example. Thus the Kindred
whose existence is the purest gains the most status.

Common Archetypes: Visionary, Penitent and Perfec-
tionist. After a few years among the Children, one's nature
and demeanor will be the same. They put forth no illusions
about themselves.

Quote: "We are those who have refused the call of the
Beast. He no longer wails in us, for we have shut himout.We
have been reborn in the Light of the Way, the only light our
kind can now withstand. The True Light of Humanity. We are
accursed, but through Will and Contemplation, we can be
redeemed."

Stereotypes:

The Followers of Set — Fools who have doomed their
souls to enslavement by the Beast. They threaten to blot out
the True Light from the vision of others. They must be
destroyed before their darkness can rule the world.

"Ha, we drank them dry and burned the bodies. Those who
were our enemies are no more, and let that be alessonto any
who oppose us."

Shandy, Follower of Set

The Camarilla — Pity those who struggle in the impure
forces of the world. They are accursed, but some try to see the
Light and seek peace within. These we shall aid and bring to
Rebirth.

"The Children of Osiris? They once existed, as I under-
stand it, in ancient Egypt, but like so many Elders before, are
now gone. Their mystic secrets died with them. Pity, for there
was probably much power to be gained from their lore."

Hargau, Elder of Clan Tremere.

The Hunters 51


The Sabbat — Evil, damned fools, who dream of being
what the Followers of Set already are. Most do not realize the
ultimate end to their aims, but they all lie in darkness. They
should be destroyed just as the Followers of Set.

"Ah, but if even one of the Children still existed, | would
Bond it to me and force it to see what joy is to be found in the
night."

Terrifisto, Elder of the Sabbat

Inconnu — To be so old yet so naive and ignorant. It is to
be pitied. They are too impure because of their years in the
world, and they have heeded the Beast too often to be saved.

"T tell you, they still exist! | have seen one with my own
eyes. She was beautiful and cold at the same time. I feared to
touch her lest she break, but the light behind her eyes was

Tbn Alomar, Fifth-Generation Brujah

Bardo

This is the Children of Osiris' discipline, handed down
since Osiris himself first discovered this path. It involves
attainment of a constant state of mystical consciousness, only
achieved by living the rigid, ascetic life of the Children. Is is
named after the Tibetan word for the half world, the place
entered between life and resurrection. This is this realm
where the Children of Osiris' consciousness resides.

This discipline is notthe same state as Golconda. Golconda
is arealization and acceptance of the way things are, while the
Children's disciplines are based on denial. They deny the
beast within them by intensely concentrating on their
Humanitas and their state of death. If a Child was to give up
his mediations and discipline, he would be assailed by his
dark, repressed half, so long denied: the Beast unbound.

The Child must maintain Humanity equal to their highest
level of ability, or else lose that ability. For example, a Child
must have a Humanity of 9 to gain the ninth level of
attainment. If the Child's Humanity were ever to drop below
the required level, then the ability of that level is lostand must
be bought all over again with experience points. The Child
can counteract this with their first discipline.

Level One:

Restore Humanitas: The first discipline taught to new
Children is the ability to regain lost Humanity. This ability
must be used within a week of the loss. The user must
meditate for one hour per point she is attempting to regain.
Then, Conscience and Empathy are rolled with a difficulty
equal to the level of Humanity being restored. The numberof
successes is the number of Humanity points gained back
(though the Child cannot gain back more than were lost). If
the roll is botched, the user must perform penance before this
ability can be used again. The Temple's Undying King can
recommend appropriate measures.

If this ability is successfully used within the week after
losing Humanity, then the any levels of Bardo also lost are
regained.

Level Two:

Banishing Sign of Thoth: The Child learns a mystic
gesture which can defend against any supernatural influ-
ences. The Child rolls her Dexterity and Occult with a
difficulty of 8. The Number of successes is the number added
to the difficulty roll of any supernatural power attempting to
work upon the Child. These include Thaumaturgy, Vampiric
disciplines (Domination, Presence, Auspex, etc.), Lupine
spirit magics and the enchantments of Faerie. It will also
work against the Faith of mortals who are attempting to turn
the Child, or injure him with their Faith.

Rumor says this ability was taught to the Children by
Thoth, an ancient Mage and powerful ally of Osiris. None
know today if he was a Kindred or a powerful mortal, or if he
even existed at all.

Level Three:

Gift of Apis: This level of ability frees the Child from the
curse of having to drink from mankind to survive. The Child
can drink from animals and gain as much nourishment from
their blood as from mortal Vitz. As long as the proper rituals
are maintained, this ability does not diminish with time. The
Grand Undying King of the Children of Osiris has not drunk
mortal blood since the fall of Rome.

Level Four:

Pillar of Osiris: The Child can create a Pillar of Osiris, the
center of a Temple, where the study and meditation of Bardo
can be maintained. Any spells or supernatural disciplines
practiced within the Temple subtract three from the difficulty
factor to succeed. However, if a Child spends an extended
time away froma Temple, the chance of frenzy increases. For
every month away, increase the difficulty roll to frenzy by
one. Also, the instances in which a frenzy are called for
increase, until after a few months, even the slightest annoy-
ance may trigger it. Only regular meditation ata Temple can
prevent this degeneration.

Most Children reside ata major Temple, where fellow sect
members aid them in the maintenance of their strict path. But
sometimes, a Child may have to enter the outer world on sect
missions. This level of ability is vital to the Child's mystic
health.

Any place can be tumed into a Pillar after a night-long
ritual. The Pillar is an abstract concept of a mystical center,
and does not require a physical pillar. The Child rolls Will-
power versus a difficulty decided by the Storyteller, dependant
on the nature of the location. A secluded cave, never dis-
turbed by violent Kindred or mortals, would only be a
difficulty of 5. Buta city apartment on the most crime-ridden

52 The Hunters Hunted


street in the area would be a 9. A suburban home in a nice
neighborhood would fall in the middle, with a 7 difficulty.
The number of successes is the number of weeks the Temple
can be maintained before another ritual is required.

Level Five:

Paradox: With this level, the Child has gained enough
knowledge in her mystic studies as to innately understand the
illusory nature of the world. She can utteran extemporaneous
remark about it, usually a nonsensical phrase or haiku.

The Child rolls her Wits + Manipulation against each
listener's Willpower. Anyone whom she is successful against
suddenly becomes overwhelmed with knowledge of the
essential oneness of the universe. They are in a confused
trance and must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to
successfully attempt any action for the rest of the Scene. At
the end of the scene, the knowledge will fade away, sunk
again into the illusions of the mind.

The person so affected by the paradox must add one to any
difficulties to harm the Child after that, as part of their self
remembers the bliss the Child delivered, if only for a few
fleeting moments.

Sometimes the phrase's effectiveness can be added to by
striking the intended listener with a sudden blow while
pronouncing the phrase. This subtracts two points from the
difficulty (the listener's Willpower).

Level Six:

Boon of Anubis: This ability allows the Child to protect
a mortal from the Embrace. If a mortal so protected is bitten
by a Vampire who then attempts to turn her into one of the
Kindred, it is ineffective. The Vampire will not realize this
until after the mortal awakens from the first sleep. The mortal
will, however, be considered a Ghoul.

The Child must prepare herself in a meditative ritual
before contact with the intended mortal. She rolls her Empa-
thy + Occult with a 6 difficulty. The number of successes is
the number of weeks for which the mortal will be immune. If
she fails, she may not try again on that mortal for another
lunar month. If she botches, she may never protect that
mortal.

Once successful, all that is required to bestow the protec-
tion on the mortal is a kiss. This kiss can be anywhere on the
face, but is most often on the forehead, where the mystical
third eye resides.

Level Seven:

Bring Forth the Dawn: This ability does not actually
cause the sun to rise, but instead causes Kindred to sleep as
if it were daylight. The Child rolls his Occult + Manipulation
versus the Humanity of the Kindred targeted. The number of
successes is the number of hours which the Kindred will

sleep. The Child can affect multiple targets by dividing his
dice pool.

Any disciplines or Thaumaturgy rituals which protect the
Kindred during the sleep will work in defending against this
level of Bardo.

Level Eight:

Mummification Ritual: This allows the Child to force a
Kindred into torpor and keep her there for a defined period of
time. This is a long ritual, so the Kindred must first be
constrained against escape during the ritual, or incapacitated.
The Kindred must be wrapped in ritual bandages to bond her
soul and body into confinement. After an eight-hour ritual,
the Child rolls his Willpower versus the Willpower of the
Kindred. The number of successes is the number of centuries
the torpor will last.

This is a ritual the Children of Osiris sometimes use
against any Kindred they feel are too dangerous to be allowed
to move freely in the world, such as Followers of Set. It is a
form of punishment for those they feel are evil, yet do not
deserve final destruction. The mummified Kindred is then
usually sealed up in an ancient ruin hidden from the world.

However, the Kindred can increasingly resist the torpor
over the years. The confined Kindred can roll her Willpower
to break the torpor once for every century that passes. The
difficulty begins with a 9, but decreases by one every century
passed.

Ghouls can also be mummified, so that they can follow
their masters into the next eon.

Level Nine:

Ra's Blessing: After a long period of mediation, a Child
with this level of mystical ability can walk outside during
day, in full sunlight, and not come to harm, The Child must
prepare in a month-long ceremony of ascetisism, contem-
plating the Light Within. After that time, she must roll her
Humanity versus a Difficulty of 10. The number of successes
is the number of hours she may walk the day. A botch means
that the child cannot try again for another decade.

This ability to look upon the sun can bolster a Child's
Humanity and Virtues. For every hour spent under the sun,
the Child can roll his Humanity, or one of his Virtues, against
a difficulty of 9. A success means that trait is raised by one.

Level Nine Ritual:

Rebirth: This powerful ritual allows the Child of Osiris
to be brought back from Final Death. This ceremony must be
overseen by a Daughter of Isis. All who reside in the dead
one's temple must contribute at least one blood point each.
The condition of the body is unimportant, as long as some
part of it is there. The Vampire's consciousness has achieved
a level of static existence on the astral plane, where it can
reside until regaining its body.

The Hunters 53

The Vampire must roll his Willpower versus a 10 diffi-
culty. If he succeeds, he can use the blood points poured on
his body to heal it. When restored to full health levels, the
Vampire can again live as he has before, but he has lost the
ability to create Progeny or Ghouls. While he retains his
Generation for purposes of Domination and other disciplines
that rely on generation, his blood no longer is of its original
potency, and anyone drinking it whole will not gain that
generation. The Child can only use this ability once per
century.

Note that there is no 10th level of Bardo. Indeed, none of
the Children have ever heard of a Third-Generation Cainite
ever practicing the Discipline.

The Young Bloods

.. nothing like a big hit of red corpuscles to give aman the
right lift for a rush into politics.

— Hunter S. Thompson, Fear & Loathing on the
Campaign Trail '72

There are some real nuts out there in the streets, living on
the edge, seeing only as far ahead as the next minute. The
Young Bloods are a gang of such people. They roam the
highways and streets of America, hunting Vampires and
drinking their blood. That's right, these deviants are Ghouls,
but the vita that moves them was not given voluntarily.

They started out as a group of motorcycle enthusiasts in
Los Angeles. They were the wildest of that bunch, always
getting into some form of trouble. Their gang finally kicked
them out, sick of their craziness. They were approached by a
weird-looking guy that night, on the meanest hog they'dever
seen. His name was Lamar, and he proposed they get to-
gether, with him as leader, and call themselves the Bats Out
of Hell. He promised them more fun then they could imagine.

They said what the hell, and a new gang was born. They
tore up the town, and could never figure out why the cops
never caught them, not even once. They never saw Lamar by
day either, and didn't know where he lived. He just showed
up at night and off they'd go. But after a while of this, they
got together and ganged up on him, asking him who the hell
he really was.

Hetold them. Actually, he showed them. He tore off on his
bike and just grabbed that homeless guy. Then he bit his neck
and started lapping up the blood. The gang was frozen,
staring in disbelief. Then Bob, the sort of second in com-
mand, just started laughing. Then they all laughed. This was
the coolest thing they'd ever seen.

Lamar then showed them something really tough. He told
them to drink his blood. Grossed out at first, they did it
anyway. The sheer rush was enough to addict anybody, but
especially these danger freaks. And so the gang rode on,
enjoying Lamar's blood every once in a while, knowing that
he knew People At the Top, so no two-bit cop would dare try
anything against them.

But they soon got sick of Lamar and his lordly manners.
So, they did what Bob recommended. They offed him, just
like in the movies, A stake (actually a broken chair leg)
through the heart, and then they drank him dry. He just sort
of crumbled to dust soon after that.

They had some major arguments about what to do next,
and all came to the conclusion that Lamar's Friends would
probably have it in for them, so they took off out of town.
They soon discovered, however, that life was incredibly dull
without the vita.

They hunted down another bloodsucker, after waiting
long nights around another town. They founda cuss-ugly one
climbing out of a sewer and nabbed him. They only took
about half this time, then dumped him and rode off, whoop-
ing, into the night.

And they've been doing itever since, getting better at it all
the time. Soon after, Bob gave them their new name: the
Young Bloods, cause that's what the blood did for them,
made them feel like they'd never grow old and die.

Little do they know, though, that the Kindred are now
aware of them, and ready for them. Their days are numbered,
but what the hey, everyone's gotta die, right?

Wrong. Some just keep going on.

54 The Hunters Hunted


Motivation

Just for the sheer fun of it. None of this gang has ever
grappled with the idea of their own mortality, and justas well.
They'd freeze up with fear if they ever really thought about
what they're doing.

Methods

The Heavy Firepower Method, lacking all subtlety and art,
is the only method the Young Bloods use to go about having
a good time.

What They Know

They know Vampires have some kind of society, but
nothing specific about it. They believe most of the movie lore
about Vampires. All they really know is they like the blood,
and gotta have more of it, and the hell with any Vampire who
gets in the way. They always carry stakes with them, on their
person and on their bikes.

Structure of the Gang

What structure? Bob's in charge, but after that, it's who-
ever can muscle his or her way around.

There are 15 of them in all, including Bob. Four of them
are girls, and they hold their own extremely well. One of the
gang, Rod, is developing some weird lumps on his face. He
thinks it's because of that ugly Nosferatu he drank from.

Whenassaulting Kindred, they all carry extra-strong hand-
cuffs which they lifted from a police station. The cuffs are
designed to stand up to the kind of pressure a lunatic on PCP
would put against them, and anyone without a level of
Potence will need to spend at least two blood points on his
Strength before getting a chance to break out of them. Roll
Strength + Potence against a difficulty of 9. One success
breaks the chain, but leaves the cuffs on. Two or more breaks
them off completely. Three successes means the lock slipped
and the cuffs can still be used.

Playing A Young Blood

You have Drive 4, with a specialty in Motorcycles. You
also have Brawling skill, and are good at Melee (knife)
fighting. You have Occult 2, which mainly consists of
Kindred knowledge, and the Potence Discipline. You may
have Repair (motorcycles).

You have the 5 point Flaw: Hunted by Kindred.

Your archetypes are usually Bravo, Rebel, Deviant, Bon
Vivant, Child, Gallant or Conniver.

Kindred Reactions

These guys are becoming known to many Princes. Atleast
one has called for a Blood Hunt against them, even though
they are only Ghouls. Anyone who kills them may be re-
warded by that Prince. However, there are rumors the Young
Bloods are pawns of the Camarilla, killing off Anarchs along
the West Coast.

The Hunters 35


HH NINN oo wyernrtaaees ok


Living the

Dunc

There is apassionfor hunting something deeply implanted

in the human breast.

— Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist

his chapter details the creation and play of

mortal hunters and how to run a Hunters

Story. Itincludes: character creation— how it
differs from creating a Vampire character; Faith and Magic
rules and how to gain these powers during play; and tips on
roleplaying your hunter, part of which means forgetting what
you have already learned about Vampires.

Character Creation

As ina regular Vampire Chronicle, the first thing to do is
to figure out just who you will play. Who is he or she? What
does he look like? What does she do?

One place to start is to figure out what the character did
before finding her current calling; that is, before hunting
Vampires. Was she a soldier of fortune, a powerful political
figure, oran accountant? Then, what changed her life— what
made her want to drop everything else to hunt the Kindred?
This last part is tied in with her motivation. Is it revenge, or
a sense of duty to her fellow humans? You decide.

Ask the referee for the name of the Chronicle. The name
may give a good clue as to the nature of the campaign. "Open
Season" sounds like it's going to be a fast and furious hunt,
while "The Most Dangerous Prey" feels a lot more ominous.

The Natures and Demeanors are optional but recom-
mended in order to help you get a grasp on the character.
These character traits will be heavily tested in the long, dark
nights ahead. Maybe your hunter will find out amazing things
about herself, things she could never have discovered in a 9-
to-5 office job. Playing within a character's Nature and
Demeanorisa challenge, and it is fascinating to come up with
spontaneous reactions to the various Story elements that you
yourself would never have thought of. By thinking through
the screen of your character's personality, you can get amaz-
ing insights into human nature and behavior, and into the
lives of other people.

Look at the various hunter organizations in Chapter 3.
The suggested archetypes of each group gives an indication
of what type of person is attracted to each style of hunting.

Instead of Haven, insert Residence. This is your home
base, where you live when taking a break from the hunt. You
may have two or more — one for public life and another to
hide out in when shadows are combing the street for you.

Motives, as listed in Chapter 2, tell what drove your
character to his present profession and give a hint as to your
hunter's personal goals and what he wishes to achieve from
the hunt,

Method is the way in which your hunter goes about
hunting; it indicates how you hunt. Chapter 2 lists the
various Methods, from the Scientific Method to the Heavy
Firepower Method. Does your character use logic and rea-
son, coupled with a thorough knowledge of scientific tech-
niques, to hunt the Kindred? Or does she simply hit them as
hard and fast as she can with as many weapons as she can
muster?

Your Concept is next. Is your character a Pious Puritan, an
Angry Housewife, a Bereaved Husband or an Obsessed
Scholar?

Freebie Points: A hunter has 21 Freebie Points. He can use
these to add to his Attributes, Abilities, Advantages, or
Humanity and Willpower. He can also use these to buy
Merits and Flaws, as listed in The Players Guide, or he may
buy Numina, the supernatural powers a mortal can possess.

Merits and Flaws

Merits and Flaws are optional Traits which allow you to
further flesh out characters. Primarily designed to add depth
to the character conception, they can also give additional
powers and limitations to those who take them. Merits cost
Freebie points while Flaws give a character more Freebie
points. No character may take more than seven points worth
of Flaws. There are some new Merits and Flaws for hunters.

Living the Hunt mye


Character Creation Outline

Step One: Character Concept: Who are you?
+ Identify Concept: Who were you before taking up the hunt?
+ Choose Motivation: Why do you hunt?
* Choose Method: How do you hunt?
* Choose Nature and Demeanor (Optional): What is your Personality?

Step Two: What are your basic capabilities?
+ Prioritize your 3 Categories: Primary 6, Secondary 4, Tertiary 3
+ Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Stamina & Dexterity
+ Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation & Appearance

+ Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence & Wits

Step Three: Select Abilities: What do you know?
+ Prioritize your 3 Categories: Primary 11, Secondary 7, Tertiary 4.
« Choose Talents: Your innate, intuitive Abilities.
+ Choose Skills: Your trained Abilities.

+ Choose Knowledges: Abilities you study and memorize.

Step Four: Select Advantages: In what ways are you unique?
+ Choose Background Traits: May be limited by Chronicle concept (5).

+ Choose Virtues: Conscience, Self-Control & Courage (7).

Step Five: Last Touches: Filling in the all-important details.
+ Record base Willpower = your Courage rating.
+ Record base Humanity = your Conscience + Self-Control ratings.

+ Spend your 21 "Freebie" points to purchase Merits & Flaws or Numina (Psychic Ability,
Thaumaturgy & Faith), and to raise any Trait (5/2/1)

58 The Hunters Hunted


The Hunters Hunted

Vampire The Masquerade

Name: Nature: Motive:
Player: Demeanor: Method:
Chronicle: Residence: Concept:

—— Attributes a
Physical Social Mental
Strength___.....©0000 Charisma_______®0000 Perception___..._®0000
Dexterity________@0000 Manipulation_____@0000 _Intelligence___0000
Stamina, @0000 Appearance. @0000 Wits____———®o°0°0o

"Na aes t lireta ri stan Skills Knowledge
Acting 00000 = = Animal Ken_____0000o Bureaucracy______00000
Alertness_____— 00000) )=—Drve________00000 Computer_____00000
Athletics_______ 00000 = Etiquette_______o00000  Finance________00000
Brawl______———o0o0000-~—s- Firearms_______00000 tern cememmennin. 8
Dodge____---__o00000 Melee____o00000 foe G99 O00!
Empathy_______o00000 Music_________00000 sentiademannce ion
Intimidation_____ooooo Repair__tt_._oo000 Medicine. ___00000
Leadership______ooooo — Security___t___oo000  Occult_______o0000
Streetwise_______ooooo  Stealth_______ooo000 _Politics_______ooo000
Subterfuge______ooooo Survival__t____oo000  Science_______oo0000
Se Advantages ee

Numina & Other Traits Backgrounds Merits & Flaws
Wiiudboewer Pe 00000

eo0000 |... cs 7Se 00000
00000 ____CsC«OCNVD
C0000. SE eo000
00000 _____—sC«OCIDID

00000 $ a. 2

00000
-t--—Humani
uae eae ee
ooo00 ODO0O0000000 Bruised o
00000) +$ee—= Willpower =~ Hurt 1a
00000
——. 0000000000 injaed" SSE
fe Faith Wounded 3 O
oooooo0o0000 Mauled 4 O
(OFOLG!O KO, 0100" O° 0 ge a ree Crippled 5 O
Virtues Damage [Weapon | Difficulty ms
Conscience_____®0000 +f2ee= Experience st

Self-Control, .@0000

Courage___eoooco
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)
tens

Living the Hunt 59


For the most part, all the regular Merits and Flaws introduced
in The Players Guide are open to players, except the ones
pertaining only to Kindred (Prey Exclusion, Efficient Diges-
tion, etc.). The Storyteller will decide whether or not to allow
Supernatural Merits or Flaws.

Many common Merits and Flaws for hunters are: Higher
Goal (Saving Humanity), Vengeance and Hatred (both in-
volving Kindred), or Driving Goal (Destroy All Vampires).

The following new Merits and Flaws are available to
hunters only, and generally only mortal ones. By no means
should these be considered all that are available. These
provide only a brief outline of the possibilities; if you are a
Storyteller, feel free to make up your own. If youarea player,
work with the Storyteller to come up with some of your own.

Psychological
Addicted to Kindred Vitae (3 Pt. Flaw):

You need the rush Vampire blood gives you when you
drink it. You feel dead and listless otherwise. This is a very
dangerous habit. It can only be overcome with long therapy
and friends to help you quit cold turkey.

Physical

Thick-Skinned (2 Pt. Merit):

Kindred must make their Strength plus Potence roll versus
your Stamina to penetrate your skin with their bite. This only
works if you struggle. If unconscious or unmoving, a Kindred
can slowly pierce your skin and drink,

Hemophiliac (3 Pt. Flaw):
If you get cut, you will not stop bleeding without medical

help. Any Kindred who bites you will find that they cannot
seal the wound with a lick.

Potent Blood (3 Pt. Flaw):

Your blood, for some reason, is very potent and Kindred
will desire to drink it. They will not easily give up the chance
tocontinue using you as a source of vite. They gain two blood
points for every one drunk.

Poisonous Blood (3 Pt. Merit):

Your blood is poisonous to kindred, though they will not
know this until they drink it. Every blood point drunk causes
one health level of damage (not aggravated) to them.

Resemble Kindred (2 Pt. Merit):

You look like a Vampire — unusually pale and thin like
them. You can move among them as one of them, but they

may force the new stranger before the Prince for recognition,
and he may ask for a Blood Bond.

Mental
Iron Will (from The Players Guide):

This costs 1 extra point (4 points total) for a mortal hunter
to be immune to Kindred Domination.

Weak Willed (from The Players Guide):

This is worth one extra point (-3 Flaw) than normal to a
hunter, due to the susceptibility it gives to Kindred Domina-
tion. The hunter with this Flaw cannot use Thaumaturgy, as
her Will is not strong enough for it.

Spiritual
Pale Aura (2 Pt. Merit):

Any color your aura takes has a pallor to itlikea Vampire's.
In fact, if a Vampire makes less than five successes on an
Aura Perception roll, she believes you to be one of them.

Invisible (4 Pt. Merit):

Your very nature makes it difficult for Kindred to even
look at you. To them, you have a Level 1 Obfuscate.

Fist of God (7 Pt. Merit):

You can deliver blows to Kindred that cause aggravated
damage. You should work with the Storyteller to come up

60 The Hunters Hunted

with the reasons why. Maybe you spent long years in a dojo,
refining your martial arts chi by punching bowls of tightly-
packed sand until your fists were raw, scintillating chi en-
ergy. Or your vision quest led to the Cave of the Wolf, where
a half-man/half-wolf put claws on your hands to be used in
the battle against your enemy. One option is that you need a
weapon such as a sword or bullet to use this power.

The damage done is as much as your fist (or whatever
weapon it is defined as) normally does, but is considered to
be aggravated against Kindred. Only mortals with a Human-
ity of 7 or higher may purchase this Merit, although many
supematural hunters possess it as a racial or magical ability
— for instance, the claws of werewolves.

Clear Sighted (3 Pt. Merit):

Youcan see through all Levels of Kindred Obfuscate with a
Perception + Alertness roll against the level of Obfuscate + 3.

Ghoul (5 Pt. Merit):

You were previously turned into a Ghoul by a Vampire
(and obviously hada falling out with your prior master). This
gives you all the Ghoulish benefits, including a Blood Pool,
a Potence rating of 1 (and the potential for other Disciplines),
and retarded aging. Unfortunately, to keep your immortal
state, you need a regular supply of Kindred vite (once a
month minimum) to become mortal once more. If you revert
to mortality, you can never again become a Ghoul and will
age at the following rate:

Real Age Aging

Less than 100 years normal

100-250 years 10x normal (each day counts as 10)
250 or more years _ instantly crumble to dust

Ghouls who begin the game at 100 or more years get three
free points to spend on Skills and Knowledges (they have the
experience of a long life without the rigidity of the Vampire
brain); ghouls who are 250 or more years old have six free
points.

‘The Beast Within (5 Pt. Flaw):

The Beast is awake within you. You are prone to frenzies,
just like Vampires. These are caused by situations of intense
emotions: fear, anger, hate. You area figure of greatrage and
fear to the rest of humanity, much like Charles Manson.
Mortals witha high Humanity who buy this Flaw aredoomed,
like the Kindred, to a horrible degeneration into bestiality.

Numina

Mortals cannot purchase Vampiric disciplines, for only
Vampires gain those abilities. Instead, a mortal hunter can
have Numina. Numina consist of those strange and amazing
powers which some few have possessed throughout the ages
—powers such as Psychic Abilities, Thaumaturgy and Faith.
Psychic Abilities are those strange abilities, suchas telepathy
and telekinesis, that have been studied haphazardly by para-
psychologists. Thaumaturgy is the ability to cast magical

spells. Faith is a powerful ability, reflecting one's religious
connection to the universe.

During character creation, Numina can only be bought
with Freebie points, and cannot be gained later in the Chronicle
without the Storyteller's permission (often attached to some
fantastic Story or Quest). During the Chronicle they can be
increased in the ways described under each particular sort.

Psychic Abilities

The radical attitude that psi phenomena exist holds not
only that the facts must be accepted at their face value, but
that they are necessarily incompatible with the postulates of
Scientific materialism.

— John Beloff, Foundations of Parapsychology

The 20th century is full of those people who have claimed
to have powers and abilities far beyond those of normal men,
such as the ability to read minds (telepathy), move objects
with pure thought (psychokinesis) or even cause a camera to
take a picture of something you are thinking of (Ted Serios).

Many of these abilities, after study by scientists (parapsy-
chologists), have been shown to be hoaxes. In other cases,
such as poltergeists, it has been theorized that disturbed
children with mild psychokinetic ability are the cause of
flying objects.

But in a world where Vampires stalk the streets, mortals
canactually, at times, see distant events, or foresee the future,
or pick up objects with their minds.

Parapsychologists label most of these powers under the
heading of ESP, or Extrasensory Perception. Most psychics
usually only possess one such ability.

‘There are also a host of minor abilities, such as predicting
numbers, that, while they may help you win big in Vegas, do
not play a role in Vampire hunting. The Storyteller should
feel free to come up with the point costs for players who want
minor abilities. Psychic abilities, like Merits and Flaws, must
be bought at the start of character generation. Characters
either have them or they do not. Most psychics first discover
their powers early in life, and if you have not exhibited
powers by the time you are Vampire hunting, you probably
do not have them.

Psychic Abilities cost 7 Freebie Points per level bought. It
costs twice as much (14 points) to purchase a second Psychic
power. It costs your current rating x 3 to raise your power
through experience.

Telepathy: The ability to read minds. This form of telepa-
thy is only open to mortals; Vampires must have Auspex. The
character must roll her Intelligence + Empathy against the
target's Willpower to read minds. The person whose mind is
read is unaware of the fact, unless a botch is rolled.

. Can feel basic emotions and current mood of the
target (if you can see the target).

Living the Hunt 61


** The character can now read the surface thoughts of
people — generally what they are thinking about at that
moment. You must see the person to be able to do this,

**e Can read some recent memories, or plans for the
near future, from people's minds. You still must be able to see
the person.

eeee You can read deep thoughts and distant future
plans. The amount of information you get depends on your
successes. You can read the minds of people in adjacent
rooms without having to see them, but you may need descrip-
tions of them.

eeeee You canread multiple minds at once or discover the
deepest secrets of people, even things unknown to them-
selves or repressed by them. You can read the mind of
someone across the world, if you can see them (for instance,
if they are on television). You can even read the mind of a
clairvoyant who is observing someone on the other side of the
globe, and use that mental image to read the mind of the
person observed. Eerie.

Psychokinesis (also known as Telekinesis): The ability
to move things with your mind by thinking about it. Wits +
Athletics is rolled against a difficulty of 8. If the roll is
botched, your unconscious desires take over and start to
throw things around at those you have a grudge against —
maybe even yourself! Line of sight must be maintained to
first pick up an object, butonce you "hold" it, you do nothave
to see it again.

. You can levitate small objects off of a table with
great concentration. Physical gestures help (throwing, lift-
ing, etc.). Without them, the difficulty is one higher.

«+ You can affect small objects, such as bending a
spoon. Again, gesturing helps.

ee You can pick up an object in the next room and
throw itaround. Gesturing in the direction you want it moved
helps. You can lift things that require half your Intelligence
(as if your Intelligence were Strength) to lift.

Youcan lift things that require your full Intelligence
(again, as if your Intelligence were Strength), and no longer
need to gesture. You can pick up anything on the same block
as you. You can pick up multiple objects at once with
concentration.

You are a master of mind over matter. Anything in
sight can be picked up, as long as it is not heavier than your
Intelligence + 2 can handle. You can manipulate as many
objects as you have points of Dexterity.

Clairvoyance: The ability to use your senses atrange, and
see or hear things happening in other places. Usually it
requires a focus, such as someone you know being at the
place to be observed. Perception + Alertness is rolled against
a difficulty of 8. While sending your senses out, you cannot
see things happening where your body is. You also cannot
affect events you witness in any way. You are but an ob-
server.

. You can see things, in a dreamlike manner, within
any room in the house that you are in. These visions are easy
to misinterpret.

** You can see things anywhere in your town, and
sometimes hear them as well (3 successes), though the
sounds are distorted.

*** — You can see and hear things anywhere within the
state or province. You can touch things also (3 successes),
though they feel vague and amorphous.

sss Youcan see, hearand touch anything in the country.

sees You can useall five senses on anything in the world.

Other Psychic Abilities are Precognition (ability to see the
future), Mediumship (ability to see and talk to spirits), OOBE
(Out-Of-Body-Experience, the ability to astrally travel), and
many others. Any player or Storyteller interested in psychic
powers should do some research on the scientific study in the
field of parapsychology. It's fascinating, and sometimes
convincing, reading.

62 The Hunters Hunted


Thaumaturgy:

Magick is the Science and Art of causing Change to occur
in conformity with Will.

— Aleister Crowley, Magick In Theory and Practice

Some hunters employ magical spells especially designed
for use against Kindred. Many of these spells are unsophis-
ticated compared to the highest levels of the art of magic, as
they were mostly created by simple folk, who had no need of
the vast education of most wizards. Education in olden times
led one astray from true, unquestioning faith.

This hedge magic differs greatly from true Thaumaturgy.
Ifthe Storyteller wishes, then the hunter can use Thaumaturgy
as written in Vampire. However, this use of Thaumaturgy is
generally confined to those who have spent their lives in
study and contemplation. Few dedicated hunters have this
opportunity, and for most, their mystical abilities are limited
to the following system.

Using a spell requires knowledge of certain occult abili-
ties. The most important of these is Casting, for without a
successful Casting, the other abilities — Duration, Extent
and Ritual — would never come into play. These can only be
bought with Freebie Points as they are not talents, skills or
knowledges, but a combination of all three. They cost as
much to buy and increase as do normal abilities (Two per
level during character creation, 2 x current level to increase
with experience). Learning these skills during play costs
three experience points; however, it would require Story-
teller permission (and probably a special Story) for someone
who has no sorcerous abilities to learn these skills.

Casting a particular spell requires the character roll Cast-
ing + her level with the spell againsta difficulty of the spell's
level +4. All spells have an instant duration (though casting
the spell requires one turn) and only affect the area directly
around the caster. In order to manipulate the spells for greater
potency, the caster must use the other abilities. To extend its
range requires a roll of Extend + (spell) while to increase its
time requires Duration + (spell). Difficulty remains the
spell's level + 4, while success varies based on the following
tables.

Duration Extend

One success Two turns 10-footradius
from caster

Two successes One scene Line of sight

Three successes 24 hours 100-foot
radius from
caster

Four successes One week One-mile
radius from
caster

Five successes One month Same city

The lastability is Ritual, which allows the character tocast
Thaumaturgical rituals. Not only is Ritual the basis for the
success roll, buta character cannot learna ritual unless he has
at least as many levels of Ritual as the Spell. Thus learning
Splinter Servant (Level Four Ritual) requires at least four
levels of Ritual. Note that withoutextensive study, no human
can lear any ritual higher than level five.

Learning spells follows a similar pattern, but requires the
character have a mental attribute to match the appropriate
level of the spell. Thus there are Perception spells, Intelli-
gence spells and Wits spells. Note that without Storyteller
permission, this method of spellcasting is not available to
Vampires — their minds lack the flexibility necessary to
handle it

Perception Spells:

Scent of the Vampyre (Level One): This spell allows a
character to sense when one of the Kindred is near. It will not
pinpoint the location of the Vampire, but will let the character
know one is around.

Escape the Undead Eyes (Level Two): Ghouls and
Vampires trying to find the spellcaster when she hides have
their difficulty increased by the number of successes made
during the spell casting.

Voices of the Dead (Level Three): Allows the caster to
communicate with the recently deceased. The caster must be
in the presence of their body, and it must not have decom-
posed to the point that the vocal cords are useless (generally
this takes a week — less in hot weather, more if the body has
been preserved).

Cloak of the Shadows (Level Four): When standing
unmoving in darkness, the spellcaster remains effectively
invisible to anyone looking for him. Note that other senses
or Aura Perception can still detect him.

True Sight (Level Five): Allows the character to see
through obscuring conditions like fog or dust and even to
penetrate the Obfuscation of the Undead, though this requires
a tion + Alertness roll opposed by the Vampire's Wits
+ Stealth.

Intelligence Spells:

Gift of Psyche (Level One): With this spell, thecastercan
determine the mental state of the target — frenzied, asleep, in
torpor, drugged, medative, etc.

Return of Light (Level Two): For as long as the spell is
in effect, the target will not be affected by one of her
derangements.

Confess (Level Three): This spell can force whomever it
is castupon to tell the truth and causes its target to tell the truth
in answer to any questions put to him. Once cast, the caster
rolls his Charisma + Intimidate versus a difficulty of the
ensorcelled person's Willpower. A botch means a lie was
told, but the caster is unaware, and will take it for the truth.

Living the Hunt 63


Grasp of the Mind (Level Four): The character's mind
is shut off from the effects of outside Domination. Any
attempt to control her mind has its number of successes
decreased by the number of successes gained during
spellcasting.

Heart of Evil (Level Five): With this spell, the caster can
determine who is really behind the actions of the individual
being studied. Thus this spell will reveal Domination, bribes,
Blood Bonds or blackmail. It will not show simple alliances
and friendships, however.

Wits Spells:

Bring to Body (Level One): With but a snap of the
fingers, the character can awaken someone in the depths of
slumber. Note that this will not work ona Vampire in torpor.

Light of the True Spirit (Level Two): The caster of this
spell becomes infused with the purity of his cause, and thus
more commanding. Add the number of successes to the total
for any roll involving commands or leadership. This spell
will not aid fast-talking or deception.

Soul of the Tree (Level Three): This spell is cast on a
wooden stake. The number of successes made when casting
is added to the number of successes used to hit a Vampire
through the heart. Additionally, the ensorcelled stake seeks
out the Vampire's heart, no matter where it is.

Shield of the Thinker (Level Four): A character shielded
by this spell is less affected by Vampiric Presence than are
others. Every success on casting this spell reduces the
Vampire's successes on the Presence roll. Note that this spell
can also keep the character from being swayed by dema-
gogues or the Faith of others.

Flash (Level Five): A burst of light fills the area around
the caster, blinding those who can see and sending Vampires
into frenzy. While it does not cause physical damage to the
Kindred, they must make a Courage roll against a difficulty
of6 to not frenzy. Kindred and humans alike will be blinded
for a number of turns equal to the number of successes in
casting.

Note that these are just some examples of hunter spells.
There are certainly many more, and the Storyteller should
feel free to come up with her own.

Faith

... cling to Faith beyond the forms of Faith.
— Lord Alfred Tennyson

Faith is one of the few truly powerful personal weapons a
hunter has against her supernatural foes. With Faith, a hunter
can cause a Vampire to tum away, or be unable to approach
any further. The hunter must hold the symbol of her Faith
towards the Vampire.

In Vampire, the Undead must make Willpower rolls
against a difficulty of the hunter's Faith. The number of
successes made is the number of steps he may take forward.

64 The Hunters Hunted

Failure means he cannotmove. A botch means he either takes
Health damage or frenzies and flees in fear. But when
tunning a Hunters campaign, it is recommended that this be
reversed. The Hunter should roll her Faith versus the Will-
power of the Vampire as a difficulty factor. The number of
successes is the number of steps back the hunter can force the
Vampire to take. If the hunter places her holy symbol against
the Vampire's person, the number of Faith successes is the
amount of damage the Vampires takes (not aggravated). If
five successes were scored, the Vampire needs to make a
Frenzy roll or run in terror.

A Faith rating of greater than five indicates a true, intimate
connection with the supernatural. Whereas characters with
any level of Faith can use their devotion to perform various
subtle and minor feats, those pillars of their religion with a
Faith of six or more can affect the material realm in more
tangible ways. Such levels of Faith are almost nonexistent;
besides the increased experience cost to acheive these levels
of Faith, it may only be raised this high if there is a significant
experience in the game that would cause the character's Faith
to be raised.

Gaining Faith is not a subject for hard-and-fast rules; the
inner workings of a person's soul may only be determined by
roleplaying. Does the character seem truly uplifted by her


deeds? More importantly, do you, the Storyteller, believe in
the character's power and sincerity? If the character's deeds
leave a taste of self-servingness or ulterior motives in your
mouth, then Faith should not be awarded. Moreover, if the
character does not consistently act in a manner harmonious
with her Faith, then the Storyguide is justified in decreasing
or removing Faith altogether.

Although Faith is the cheapest of the Numina to gain at the
beginning of the game, it must be emphasized that anyone
with real Faith is exceedingly rare. It takes more than driving
to church in one's Volvo every other Sunday, or even
praticing one's religion fairly frequently and sincerely. Faith
is only gained and maintained by constant, scrupulous adher-
ence to the tenets of one's beliefs. Long nights of volunteer
work in soup kitchens, fasting on Lent (with the correspond-
ing reduction of abilities), chanting mantras for days, fre-
quently making pilgrimages to Mecca, giving the greater part
of one's wealth to the poor, or even walking across hot coals
are part and parcel of this ability.

Your lifestyle must reflect this. Take a long, hard look at
your character. Would another person know of your piety
and sincerely refer to you as a (good Christian/devout Mos-
lem/enlightened Buddhist/crusader for the faith/whatever)
within 15 minutes of meeting you? If not — if you want to
have occasional (or not so occasional) lapses, lie and cheat
your way into a Kindred-controlled drug cartel, drink to
excess, gain information via seduction or trickery, or just
laugh ata dirty joke — then Faith is probably not the proper
ability for you; you may well be a good and religious person,
but you do not exhibit the total unworldliness necessary to
possess Faith.

Thereare many Stories through which Faithcan be gained;
such Stories should emphasize roleplaying, and can serve as
a welcome beacon of hope in an otherwise gloomy and gritty
Chronicle. Maybe the mayor of the city is uptight, conserva-
tive and totally against social programs for "lazy street
people;" also, intermittent Kindred Domination keeps him
committed to his policies (after all, the Kindred want the
homeless out on the street instead of in a safe shelter). By
virtue of your eloquence and compassion, your crusade for
better living conditions touches the heart of even the mayor,
and a homeless shelter is built.

Maybe bikers or drug dealers terrorize the streets; you
enter their territory and, despite all odds, show them the path
of righteousness through your own courage and inner strength.
Or possibly a teenager you come to know is being abused by
her parents and is horribly depressed, perhaps on the verge of
suicide; at the last minute, you talk her out of ending her life
and, by confronting her parents, fill them with remorse and
show them the evil of their ways, giving the family a chance
to start anew. All of these are suitable actions for gaining
Faith. Tracking a Vampire down, beating it up and staking
it is generally not.

The powers of the faithful take the form of miracles. These
are few and far between (usually no more than one per Story)

and are not strictly quantifiable in game terms: one cannot
assign numbers to the Divine. Examples of possible powers
are listed below; any number of other effects are conceivable.

Remember, miracles do not have to be (and usually aren't)
flashy or violent; giving a heroin addict that extra bit of
strength to fight the last few days of withdrawal is as much
ofa miracle as calling down blasts of sunlight from on high
to burn Kindred to ash. It must be stressed that the powers
listed on the tableare examples only, notconcrete rules; Faith
is an exceedingly personal quality, and any miracles will be
in accordance with the nature of the person invoking them. It
is rare for one of the greater miracles to occur twice, and it is
even rarer for there to be truly tangible, showy effects; the All
moves in mysterious ways.

The character has no control over the outcome of a
miracle; their invocation and use is entirely up to the
Storyguide, but one rule applies: miracles may NEVER be
used for selfish motives. Using the power of your Faith to
sway crowds for your own gain, or to make the Ghoul guard
let you in the computer room, is prohibited. Faith may be
used for self-preservation, if your continued existence will
serve a higher purpose, but never for personal gain or pride.

Examples of Miracles
Faith Event
6 Cleanse the taint of evil from an area.

Cause the difficulty of all reaction rolls in the
area to be reduced by 1 (aura of tranquility).

Geta sign from God which inspires you (get an
extra point of Willpower for the remainder of
the scene).

7 Cause a creature such as a Vampire or psycho
killer to collapse with guilt. You may be
sympathetic or stern, but you will not sucker-
punch the guilt-ridden individual thereafter.
Add three dice to any reaction rolls made to-
ward you, even with animals (don't bite me, Mr.
Rattlesnake!).

‘Know' the correct answer to a question posed
to you by someone else, ifthe question concerns
morals, the ‘right' way to behave, et al., not
"How do we slip into the corporate HQ?."
Bless a religious icon such as a cross, prayer
wheel, holy water, etc. so that contact with the
item damages supernatural beings (1 die or so
per success).

Geta sign from above which inspires the entire
troupe — you and all your allies gain an extra
point of Willpower for the remainder of the
scene.

8 Change the Nature of a person (conversion) for
a temporary or permanent period depending on
how well you roll your Charisma + Empathy
against the target's Wits + Self-Control.

Living the Hunt 65

Reduce the level of Vampiric disciplines by one
for every success you roll.

9 Exorcise demons and evil spirits (your Faith
versus the demon's Willpower).
Lay a ghost to rest.
Permanently leave an aura of tranquility (as per
rating 6 above) in an area, such as a violent
slum. The residents of the area will be more
moral and cooperative, old feuds will fall by the
wayside, crime will drop, etc.; you have perma-
nently touched the world with your Faith.
Complete protection against supernatural evil,
as long as you do nothing but concentrate and
either stand still or slowly leave (no aggressive
action); you may protect others as well.
Cause an evil being, if truly deserving of death,
to realize this; this takes at least five successes
of your Faith against the target's Willpower.
‘The target must havea Humanity of 2 or below,
and must have committed truly horrible atroci-
ties. Ifsuccessful, the creature will be overcome
with remorse and either commit suicide or
meeklysubmit to the stake (or silver, etc.).

10 Ignore a source of damage (up to 10 dice per
round) if at least five rounds are spent in prepa-
ration for the feat and a difficulty roll is made
against a 9; each success removes two dice of
damage. You simply refuse to believe that your
Faith will allow you to get hurt. Good for
firewalkers and snake handlers.

Cleanse someone of the Embrace (difficulty 10,
only in truly dramatic circumstances, and the
target must want to be saved).

Call the minions of the Divine (usually in mor-
tal form) to aid you in your darkest hour.

Faith and Willpower: Whena hunteris in dire straits, and
has no more Willpower, then he can call upon the strength of
his Faith. He can then use his Faith points to substitute for
Willpower points (not for opposed Willpower rolls). When
he is all out of Faith also, then he is out of luck except for the
intervention of a miracle.

Willpower is gained back by acting within one's nature,
but lost Faith is gained back by acting within the dictates of
one's religion. If one is Christian, an act of Christian charity
orcompassion may give back a point. A Shintoist would have
to purify himself and pray regularly to the Kami (spirits).

Crises of Faith: Sometimes a person can lose his Faith.
Doubts arise about the truth of her calling, and she begins to
wonder whether her religious life is just a sham. Every time
a hunter tries to use her Faith and comes up with two or more
botches, she loses a pointof Faith (and any abilities thatcome
with that level).

x

This cannot be bought back up, but must be regained
through the success of the hunter's actions, much like raising
Willpower. The Storyteller is the arbiter of this. If the
character has an unprecedented success after that in turning
or affecting a Vampire with her Faith, then the points are
returned (she may even gain more points). This is up to the
Storyteller, and should be used to build powerful, dramatic
moments of roleplaying.

Gaining Faith: It costs 5 Freebie Points to buy a level of
Faith. It is the easiest Numina for a mortal to gain, for he
simply opens himself up to his vision of the All. Religion
comes easy to humans, but not all can reap its powerful
benefits when tested under fire. This is what the Faith power
represents: a tangible clinging to religion in the face of the
darkest night of the soul.

Tt costs the hunter's current rating x 3 to raise Faith with
experience points up to level 5, and the current rating x 5 to
increase it thereafter.

The Storyteller, again, should not become too concerned
with the Faith rules. It should be used to heighten moments
of drama — to bring epiphanies to the roleplaying experi-
ence. If players are becoming Faith accountants with the
tules, then throw in some moments where their Faith will not

66 The Hunters Hunted

work, or they meet someone of another religion whose Faith
is stronger than theirs and causes them to doubt their calling.

If things have gotten boring, bring in some miracles to
revitalize their Faith. The characters are being chased through
the cemetery atnight by a Vampire, and are backed up against
a tomb with nowhere to flee. They pray for divine aid, and
suddenly, the specters of the dead arise from graves all
around and assail the Vampire with the weight of her sins.
The Vampire falls to the ground, weeping in pain for her lost
humanity, and is in the hands of the hunters to do with as they
will.

Always give the players an idea of the enormity of the
power of Faith. It represents something greater than them.
They may direct it and focus it, but its true power comes from
Beyond. They are not the causes of it, but its servants.

Playing Non-Mortal Hunters

It is entirely up to the Storyteller whether or not you can
play a non-mortal hunter such as a werewolf. Werewolves
begin like most mortals, but their own particular supernatural
abilities are different from both Vampire disciplines and
mortal Numina. Werewolves are also tribal creatures, and
may not be able to leave the pack to hunt Vampires whenever
they want.

If the Storyteller is running a game where most characters
are Magi, he may want to give them more Freebie Points to
spend on spells, but not allow them Psychic Abilities or Faith.

Also, it is the Storyteller's choice whether or not to allow
a player to play a Kindred Vampire hunter while the other
players are all mortal. This could set up some interesting
group dynamics for roleplaying.

Telling a Hunters Story

Running a Hunters Chronicle can be quite different from
atypical Vampire game. The characters are usually mortals,
though perhaps not mere mortals. But they are after things
which are usually more powerful than they.

Choosing a Theme

There are a host of possible Themes from which to choose
for a Hunters Chronicle, all depending on the style of game
you want to run.

The Introduction presented Sacrifice as the theme of the
book as well as a common theme for Hunters Chronicles. As
the game progresses, the Storyteller should weave all his
Chapters around the idea that the players are sacrificing
something important to them as they hunt the Kindred. This
sacrifice could be the love of friends and family, the sanity of
one's mind, or ultimately, loss of one's life. The sense of loss
the characters feel should be played out, but they will realize

aS

that it is a necessary loss for the gain: the destruction of
Vampires.

When choosing a Theme, ask yourself, "What is the game
about?" Basically, what is the main idea which you wish to
communicate in each Chapter of the Story?

Other possible themes for Hunters games are:

Penance: The hunting of Vampires will somehow lead the
characters through the dark and dangerous nights to acleans-
ing of the soul. By accomplishing their goals against Kin-
dred, the characters also cleanse away a stain on themselves.
Maybe they think themselves sinners, and the hunting of
Vampires is the only way to save themselves from their past
deeds. Or maybe a horrible guilt hangs over their heads;
loved ones died because of their refusal to act when they first
knew of the Vampire menace. Maybe fear stayed their hands,
resulting in the death ofa beloved, and that death will forever
haunt them until they can make up for it by revenge.

Discovery: Maybe the characters are seeking the secrets
of the universe, attempting to free themselves from the cages
of human knowledge by turning to what wisdom they can
gain from the supernatural beings of the world. They may not
be hunting just Kindred, but Lupines and Spirits also. The
Mood is important here as well: do their discoveries lead to
a sense of wonder or terror? Does the happy veneer of the
universe peel away to reveal meaningless horror?

Power: This Story concerns the lust for power and those
who succumb to it. It is a harsh tale, with harsh lessons for
those who do not lear it. It is a race to the finish line, and
those who do not finish first may not finish at all. The
characters are involved in trying to gain power, either eco-
nomically, socially, politically, militarily or whatever, Ev-
erything they do is geared towards one goal: power. This
could be a relentless drive to improve themselves, using the
jaws of danger to hone their skills. Alternately, the characters
could hope to use the Undead as part of their schemes.
Hunting Kindred is a truly dangerous way to do this, but
rewarding in power and abilities if one can survive.

The Fight: This Story involves lots of combat. Itis about
action and fury. This would have a very pulp mood, with the
characters having to be rather tough in combat skills to be
able to slug it out one-on-one with the Vampire menace.
Maybe the Vampires are working for the Fourth Reich (dirty
rotten Nazi Vampires!) and the characters are the only ones
who can stop them.

Duty: the characters all hunt because they have to: duty
would have it no other way. All of their motives would be
based around a sense of duty. These quests are rarely given
up easily, though courage may falter often. In the end,
though, the hunter must go on. Characters should be con-
stantly tested, with the stakes getting higher and higher every
time. This Story definitely has a plotmoving forward, getting
tougher and tougher as it heads for the denouement against
the arch-antagonist.

Living the Hunt 67

There are undoubtedly many other themes out there to
choose from. There is just one thing to remember: the theme
is the underlying idea to the whole Story. Everything should
somehow be made to point to it. Ina Chronicle with Penance
as the theme, the characters may take a night off to go toa
party, so let them have fun, but when they return to their base,
they discover their faithful servant has been mortally wounded.
As he lies on the floor dying, he whispers: "/t ... it was the
Vampire! I could not stop her ...if only you were here." Yes,
if only they were there, instead of out enjoying themselves.
Because of their revelry, the Vampire has struck again and a
loyal man has died. Yet another event to hang their guilt
upon.

Mood

The mood is the atmosphere of a Story, the emotional
feeling surrounding the idea or theme. Some hunter moods
are listed below:

Suspense: This was mentioned in the Introduction, and it
is probably the most common mood engendered in hunters.
This story is full of shadows moving just on the edge of one's
vision, but they are gone when one turns to look. You never
know what the Kindred are up to or just who is working for
them. They may even be in the highest echelons of the
government! How can you rest, knowing all this?

Terror: Fear is everywhere when Vampires are involved.
It may be easy enough to convince oneself to hunt them, but
every time you see them, your blood turns to ice. The Sabbat
could be the object of these hunters' quests. They live up to
the terror hunters can be made to feel. A Toreador may not be
scary enough, although he may know Romanticist criticism
well. These Kindred should be up to truly terrifying things
like torture, blood orgies, etc.

Mystery: There always seems to be a deeper meaning to
everything encountered while hunting Kindred — secrets
within secrets, clues that, when investigated, only lead to
more mysterious clues. Even with the most precise research
and skill, answers and actions are vague. They may seem
solid enough while happening, but they only lead to strange
ends. That Vampire who you finally hunted down had many
ie l letters in his Haven which seemed to point to a greater plot he
rw 4 Z was involved in, with even more Kindred. Mystery couldalso
ea ly Y Ll he act as a theme for a Story.

We

Nihilism: Itall seems so meaningless. You hunt down the
Kindred and destroy them, but nothing seems to change.
There is always another Vampire to take its place, and the
world neither notices or cares. It's so hard continuing on ina
world like this. There is neverany thanks or so muchasasign
that you have really puta dent into Kindred plans. Hell, why
not give it up and become a Vampire?

This kind of Story can be a real downer, so the Storyteller
who uses it should allow the players to change the mood by
their actions. If they give in to the depression, nothing
changes. But, if they fight it, and do not give up, soon that

68 The Hunters Hunted


dark pall over the world lifts, and maybe the Story changes
to one of Hope.

Hope: There is an eventual end to all the hunting, danger
and darkness. If the hunters can succeed, the world can be
saved and hope can shine anew. Most of the world's prob-
lems are caused by Vampires, and every time a hunter
succeeds, things look a lot better. Hope is what you see in the
faces of those few who believe in you, and because of that,
you can continue on. Sometimes (rarely) even the Kindred
are grateful to you for ending their misery.

Struggle: Everything when fighting Kindred isa struggle.
You notonly fight them, but also the clock, with so little time
until dusk. There is always some new, unexpected situation
that arises and needs combating. The Storyteller should
emphasize skill rolls in this game, as everything, even driving
your car, is a reflection of the greater struggle against the
Kindred. Itisa tough world, and ithas to be grasped with both
hands and held tight, or it will slip away. Every encounter
with the Kindred is a contest of wills and might.

Sorrow: The sense of loss during the hunt is immeasur-
able. No matter what you do, the Kindred make things even
worse for you. Every time you see people walking down the
street, the sense of sorrow you feel, realizing the how fragile
their normal lives are, overwhelms you. Everything that is
good does not last, for the Kindred destroy it somehow. This
works well with the Sacrifice game, but using them both may
bea little sadistic.

Mood does not have to be set in stone forevery game. Each
chapter may havea different mood, but the theme should stay
the same, although subthemes and moods can appear in
different chapters.

The Storyteller should not lose sight of why he is running
a Hunters game. What does he want to illustrate with it? Or
is he just doing it for fun? If so, make entertainment part of
the theme and mood. A Hunters game with a pulp feel can be
a lot of fun. ¥

Keeping the Game Going

Unlike a Vampire game, a Chronicle where mortals go
around hunting Vampires runs the risk of repeating itself over
and over again. What can you do to keep the plot and action
fresh and the players motivated?

Plot

First of all, construct your plots well and imaginatively. It
is easy to fall into stereotypical plots with hunters, so try to
be original. Come up with rare and different activities which
the Kindred antagonists can be involved in and that the
hunters will walk into. Throw a lot of reversals in to keep
them guessing. If the hunters guess what is going to happen,
and it does, then the suspense disappears.

~ Reversals are those moments when the plot turns around

and heads in another direction, when the hunters discover

that what they thought was right was wrong. Mystery novels
are full of good ideas for reversals and twists. Perhaps the
players have been hired by a retired hunter to track down his
old Kindred enemy. After following the Cainite's trail of
victims, they accidently discover a meeting of a Vampire
Clan. They hide and watch, fascinated at this privileged
glimpse into Kindred politics. Suddenly, the Clanis joined by
another, who pulls off his cloak to reveal ... the player's
patron! He is actually a Vampire, using the players in a
personal vendetta against another of his Clan.

Without the unexpected twist, the Story will quickly get
predictable and soon atrophy.

The Learning Process

While your players may have read Vampire, The Players
Guide and even this book, their characters will not have their
knowledge. All the characters know is what they leam by
hard-won experience. Does a crucifix tum Undead? Just
who is a Vampire and who isn't? And just what is a Ghoul
anyway?

Keeping the knowledge rare, but letting the characters
slowly build up the facts they know, can make eachand every
Story new and different. Just think of the characters trying to
deal with staking a Vampire only to find out it yet lives. Or
preparing a giant fan to blow away the Vampire when she
turns to mist, only to discover it has no effect. Or even
learning that just closing one's eyes can prevent Domination
(usually).

Telling a Story

As a Storyteller, appeal to the senses. Evoke your scenes
and environment through concrete descriptions that rely on
the character's sensory perceptions. Do not just tell them:
"The Ghoul runs down an alleyway. As you enter, you see
him runaround the far corner." Instead: "The Ghoul runs off
down the street and into a dark alley. As you enter in pursuit,
your feet splash in the water dripping from the drainpipes
along the grimy brick walls. Trash litters the ground, but a
path of bare concrete can be seen, weaving its way around the
torn plastic garbage bags. You walk forward, anda trashcan
clatters down the alley as the Ghoul jumps from his hiding
place and disappears around the far corner."

The more the players are made to feel through their
character's senses, the more the game will remain fresh and
vital. Play out their everyday activities, to contrast against
those moments of stark terror as they hunt the Vampire.

Antagonists

Kindred are not the only enemies a hunter can have out
there in the streets. The hunt can create many enemies.

The Authorities: Sometimes, no matter how careful they
are, the hunters are going to wind up on the wrong end of the

Living the Hunt 69

law. How do they explain their occupation to the police? How
do they talk their way out of getting thrown in the slammer?

An encounter that comes out badly can have the law
chasing the hunters, causing them to not only have to watch
their backs against the Kindred, but also the police. The
Prince of the city may even control the police to the point
where he can cause them to harass the hunters.

The Government: The hunters may come up against any
number of government agencies while hunting the Kindred.
Maybe they are trying to disguise themselves as drug dealers
to get into a meeting with the Prince on the docks. Suddenly,
the DEA shows up and busts everybody. Are they really
going to believe the hunters' stories that they were just
pretending to be drug dealers?

Ifthe hunters are involved in any interstate crime, then the
FBI will be on their heels. If there are unexplained incidents
seeming to involve Kindred, then the Special Affairs will
investigate personally. They tend to react to other hunters
with great suspicion, so the hunters will have to be careful
when dealing with them.

The Media: The media can easily become the enemy of a
hunter. The last thing she needs is a news crew following her
around, trying to catch the hunt in action. However, if she is
wise, shecan use the media to her own ends, and turn thenews
crews onto the various guises the Kindred use to move among
mortals. However, hunters must be exceedingly careful when
the media is in the pocket of the Undead.

Hunters: There are other hunters out there, and their
methods may clash with the players. Some are paranoid
enough to believe other hunters are just as dangerous as the
Kindred or actually work for the Damned. If the players are
tracking down a Vampire who has already been targeted by
an Inquisitor, they may find that the Inquisitor does not
appreciate their meddling in his hit.

The more antagonists a Storyteller can inject into a game,
the more variety he has to work with to keep a game going.

Friends and Family: Have the characters deal with their
relatives and friends occasionally. Do they know about the
character's hunting? What is their reaction when they dis-
cover it? Do they call the police (and a psychiatrist), or do
they help the character in her quest?

This can lead to some good drama, as the hunter's family
is torn apart trying to deal with the fact that they believe their
daughter is insane. Or maybe her friends become her antago-
nists, trying to "help" by calling the police.

Single Shots

Sometimes you may not want to run a whole Chronicle of
hunters, but just a single Story. These can be very dramatic
and fast-paced, as you do not have to worry about stretching

_ outa plot over a couple of Chapters. Also, the characters can
all be allowed their dramatic death scenes, since they do not
have to survive and make a profession out of hunting.

One plot for a single Story could be what would normally
be the Prelude for the characters in a full Chronicle; that is,
the discovery of the Kindred and the first attempt to hunt
them. There are far more hunters who hunt only once, and
then thankfully give it up after they have succeeded in their
goal (or died trying), than those who devote their full lives to
it.

This can be fun for the players also, since they do not have
to become attached to their characters to the point that they
are afraid to risk them. Ina single Story game, they can throw
everything they have into roleplaying the moment.

The disadvantages, however, are that the characters have
No time to grow and develop. A long-running Chronicle can
provide many insightful roleplaying experiences a shorter
game cannot.

Sample Hunter Stories and Chronicles

Here are some ideas for Stories and Chronicles to use
when running a Hunters game, and how to keep them inter-
esting. Any of the Themes and Moods listed before could be
used with them, depending on the inclination of the Story-
teller.

The Prelude

Many Storytellers will turn their first Hunters Story into a
Prelude. The plot of this Story is the character' s firstencoun-
ter with the Kindred. This can add to the mystery and
suspense of the game, as the hunters begin their careers with
no one to show them how to hunt. They have no Sires to show
them how to live their new lives. They are on their own in
discovering which methods will work against the Kindred
and which will not.

Alternately, the Storyteller can introduce them to the hunt
by having the players become involved with an experienced
hunter. This hunter can show them the ropes and get them
started in their dangerous profession. However, at least
during the first session, it is usually more exciting for the
players to begin in total ignorance and work their way to
knowledge.

The Vicious Circle

In this Story, the hunters also become the hunted. Their
hunting of the Kindred has caused the Kindred to act against
them, and stalk them as they stalk the Vampire. The players
need to take extra precautions during the hunt, for this Story
involves getting Them before They can get you. Only the
winners remain standing in the end.

Perhaps the characters have been so successful in hunting
that the Prince declares a Blood Hunt against them. This is
normally only done against Vampires, but if the hunters are
dangerous enough, then the Prince might need all his Kindred
to take them down. The hunters would have to keep moving
and not give the Kindred a single opening. They would

70 The Hunters Hunted

especially have to be aware of Ghouls and other retainers of
the Kindred.

But the reason for the Kindred's hunting of the hunters
may not be destruction. They can have any of the Motives
listed in Chapter 2, plus one more: The Embrace. Their goal
could be to make Progeny of the hunters. Maybe they seek to
control them and use them to hunt others, but with the Blood
Bond holding them to the Cainite's will. Or maybe the
humanity of the hunters has attracted the Kindred, and she
realizes she must have it close to her, to take it into her, and
the Embrace is the only way she knows to do this.

Blood of My Brother

This Story or Chronicle has the hunters dealing with one
of their family who has been turned into a Vampire. This is
a campaign rife with moments of heart-rending drama: the
shock of discovery, the pleading for mercy or the cry for help.
The Storyteller must be careful not to let this one become too
trite. His material, the testing of close emotional and family
bonds, does not necessarily guarantee a successful game: its
evocation is still up to him and the players.

Alternately, the Vampire could be one of the player's best
friends, one whom he made a "blood-pact" of friendship with
when they were young. What will win out: the human bond
of "friends forever" or the Vampire bond of "live forever?"

Question of Faith

This campaign concems the rigors of a holy crusade
against the Kindred, and the risks of becoming as inhuman as
they. The hunters begin the crusade convinced of the righ-
teousness of their ways, and the need for the destruction of the
Vampire monsters. As the hunt progresses, they encounter
Kindred who are anything but the horrid devils they were
believed to be— Kindred fighting for their very souls against
the irresistible blood hunger. Destruction of these noble
immortals can cause Humanity loss, and as the hunters
continue blindly on, they may become less human than their
enemies. They must confront their basic beliefs about who
the Kindred really are, and what good can possibly come of
a hunt based on intolerant hate.

Partners in the Night

This should be a rare Story, for it involves the hunted
helping the hunter: the Kindred teaming up with the hunters
to go after a common prey. Perhaps the Kindred hope to
overthrow the Prince, and the hunters are his best way of
doing so. No matter the reason for the partnership, it cannot
last, for the Kindred is the enemy of the hunter.

Shadow Government

The hunters discover Kindred have infiltrated into deep
levels of the national government, and must try to stop them.
The NSA agents are the antagonists in this Story/Chronicle.

It means deep intrigue, espionage and paranoid distrust. The
situation may seem hopeless, unless the hunters can cause
enough noise to make the Kindred get out while they still can.
Or, the players can be NSA agents trying to extricate their
organization from the plots of the Kindred. This would then
bea combination Story with the Partners of the Night listed
above, and the players would be an arm of the Jyhad.

The Hunt of Ages

The Hunt of Ages is a long-running Chronicle beginning
sometime in the past, perhaps the dark times of the Inquisi-
tion, or the Victorian era, and continuing into the present
time. The players begin with characters in the past, and as the
years pass, these characters retire and hand their legacy down
to another generation, up until the present time.

The object of the hunt for this game is a single Kindred,
with the generations of hunters attempting to destroy him and
his various plots. It culminates in the present, where the final
generation of hunters succeeds or fails against their ancient
nemesis.

There are many different ways this Chronicle can be run.
The Storytellercan run all the previous generations as single-
Story games, and then run the present generation in a longer-

2 Living the Hunt 71


running Story as the Chronicle builds to its inevitable de-
nouement.

Forexample, the Storyteller can begin in Spain, during the
time of the Inquisition, and the characters are the first
generation of hunters to take on their Kindred nemesis, a
Follower of Set just beginning her undead life.

The next Story could take place in the fog-shrouded streets
ofLondon during the reign of Queen Victoria. Thecharacters
discover evidence of this Kindred, and also the diaries of her
hunter enemies of long ago. Perhaps the characters are some
of the founding members of the Arcanum, and their quest for
knowledge led them to this information. The Kindred now
has much experience behind her, and many retainers over the
world. The characters can be instrumental in setting back her
dark plans for the next few decades, where the Story begins
again.

The next generation of hunters are fighting the good fight
against Hitler's Nazi hordes in the late 1930s. Maybe, while
in bomb-tattered London, they uncover the old diaries and
records of the previous generation's fight with the Kindred,
and this leads them to discover the Kindred's plots, one of
which involves aiding the Nazis. They have to stop the
Kindred, for the fate of all Europe depends upon it.

The final Chapter begins in the modern era, as the newest
generation of hunters encounters the old Cainite and must put
and end to her once and for all.

This Chronicle gives a good idea of the vast sweep of time
in which a Kindred can live, while mortals must do what they
can in the time allotted. People must work together ina union
forged over the ages to combat a menace which will not die.
This is in fact the Theme of the Chronicle: the Eternity of
Evil.

But the Storyteller should remember to also play up the
vast complexity of the Kindred, and the good which Kindred
can do, even if they are doomed to a losing battle with the
Beast. The long legacy of hunting can be a shining example
of courage to some Kindred, and they may step in and aid the
hunters against the Cainite antagonist. This may lead to the
hunters to a greater understanding of their prey.
(SS AR!

Advanced Storytelling Techniques

Props: There are many different props which the Story-
teller and the players can come up with to enhance the
roleplaying of a Hunters game. Wooden stakes or holy
symbols are just the beginning. If the players are all FBI
Special Affairs agents, they can all dress in black suits with
dark sunglasses (although it may be hard to read your
character sheet like this).

Music: Play appropriate music in the background to
enhance the mood. You could even select "themes," scores of
music to accompany the appearance of a particular character.
Whenever a the Kindred nemesis appears, strike up "Night
on Bald Mountain," or maybe Bauhaus' "Bela Lugosi's
Dead." Each player can have his own theme also, to play
whenever the character has succeeded well in a dangerous
situation,

Sound Effects: With any of a number of sound effects
tapes and CDs available, you can cue up practically any
sound: a creaking door, a distant scream, wind howling
through the trees, or even cocktail party chatter. This can be
a lot of fun, and helps the Storyteller appeal to the player's
senses in filling the background.

Lighting: Atmosphere can be enhanced by the use of
interesting lighting. If the hunters are hunting at night, with
only candles and lanterns, then use only these as light sources
in the room you are gaming in. If it is daytime in the Story,
turn on all the lights, or open the blinds if you are playing by
day.

The more the environment you game in can evoke the
Story happenings, the easier it is to be drawn into the
roleplaying experience. However, the Storyteller should talk
with the players before doing anything too radical, to see
which props they are comfortable with. Butdo notlet this ruin
any elementof surprise. Sometimes you will just have to risk
the player's laughter when you are trying for high drama.

72 The Hunters Hunted

Diaries: One interesting prop to get the players more into
their character's thought processes is to have them all buy
blank notebooks, and at the end of every game session,
sometime before the next one, have them record an entry of
their hunter's diary, detailing that game from the hunter's
vantage point. An example of a hunter's diary was given in
Chapter One.

This will greatly aid in helping them think like their
character, and it becomes interesting to read the different
interpretations each player's character has had on the same
events.

The Preamble: At the beginning of a new Story, choose
one player to read a passage aloud from his character's diary,
summing up the last Story's events. This acts as a first person
narrative introduction, and adds to the feeling of participating
ina story. The same player can also add a passage at the end
of the Story to summarize its conclusion, much like Doctor
Watson's accounts of Sherlock Holmes' cases. There can be
different players reading for every Story, adding to the
variety and perspectives of the Preambles.

Remembering the Mortal Coil

A hunter campaign is a chance for a different perspective
on the Kindred, one different than the players get by playing
Vampires. If the Storyteller feels her players are getting too
caught up in the inhumanity of playing Vampires, drunk with
the raw power and forgetting any human compassion, she
may want to switch to running a Hunters game for a while.
She can use this to bring them back down to earth, to remind
them of the terrors of the night and the smallness of the ego
compared to the mysterious horrors which lurk in the shad-
ows. A hunter has more of a chance to exhibit raw courage

than any Vampire, for the odds are against the hunter, but he
perseveres anyway.

A Hunters game is a chance to explore the human reaction
to dealing with the terrors of the soul, a confrontation with the
shadow in everyone. A Vampire game uses the extreme
passions and powers of the Kindred to highlight the human
condition, buta Hunters game is chance for some more subtle
roleplaying. It can be more of a challenge to play a 45-year-
old housewife confronting her fear than playing a 200-year-
old Cainite. This can also be done via flashbacks, parallel
stories and foreshadowing described in Vampire.

Both a Vampire and a Hunters game let us confront the
Other, that which we are not. But, if we look closer, we can
see the similarities. We can see how we react to the Other
outside of us, but also to the Other within.
ELAS A OSS

New Enemies

A Storyteller does not always have to make Kindred the
antagonists. Perhaps a werewolf attack has made the hunters
realize the dangers posed by these beasts, and they turn their
efforts into discovering more about the Lupine. A hunter
could accidentally wander into a Faerie hill one night, and be
drawn into a world of goblins and Black Knights. Maybe they
follow him back out, and soon the modern world is once again
alive with elves and nymphs. Humans can be enemies as vile
and dangerous as any Undead.

The lore of the world is full of the many monsters who have
terrorized humanity since the dawn of time, and the Story-
teller should feel free to introduce them into his Stories. For
they all come from within, from that place in the unconscious
shared by us all. These monsters are ours.

Living the Hunt 73

Rae Ke

MWK

wwe, 5

ca

WK

ey


Mppendix One:

amous NDuyters

Be wary then; best safety lies in fear.
— Shakespeare, Hamlet

he following are examples of some of the hunt

ers who track down the Kindred. Some of

them are very recognizable to most Kindred,
as they have famous reputations. Others are new to the hunt,
and still shaky in their commitment.

Caiaphas Smith

Caiaphas was born in 1815 in New England, and met his
first Cainite when he was only 15. His father had bid him
bring some milk to their neighbor, Goodwife Clayton, whose
husband had not returned from a long trip to Boston. She had
been slowly wasting away from a sickness none could cure.
As young Caiaphas arrived at her home, it was already dark.
About to knock upon the door, he saw through the windows
astrange man with Goodwife Clayton. Caiaphas was shocked,
for this man appeared to be caressing her. As young as he was,
Caiaphas already knew of the dangers of sin, and the rewards
of Hell fora sinner's life. He burst into herhome and bade her
beware for her soul.

Hedidnotknow how correct he had been. The strangeman
slowly turned towards him, the blood of Goodwife Clayton
JOR

streaming down his chin. Caiaphas was frozen with shock.
He knew what it was which stood before him, told in tales by
every hearth at night: the Vampyre.

Its eyes pierced into Caiaphas' soul, and Caiaphas felt his
will draining away from the creature's unspoken, harsh
commands. Yet, more than most, he knew of the fate which
awaited his soul should he give in to the beast. With a feat of
iron will, he broke away from that evil gaze and ran out into
the night. The vampyre immediately began pursuit.

But Caiaphas knew it would, and he had not run thought-
lessly. His young, powerful legs brought him to the shed
before the vampyre, and with but seconds to spare, he grasped
the hoe, snapped it over his leg, and drove the splintered end
into the onrushing vampyre's heart.

The creature screamed horribly and fell back onto the
ground, immobilized by the wooden stick thrusting into its
body. Its eyes stared up fearfully at Caiaphas, for it saw what
he was preparing to do next. Without pause, Caiaphas reached
into the shed for the axe, brought it out, swung it up and then
down into the creature's neck. A gurgling cry was all the
vampyre could manage as its head parted from its body and
its unnatural life came to an end.

Appendices 75


And since that time, naught else has mattered in Caiaphas"
life but the destruction of Vampires. Through the decades he
has risked his mortal soul desperately by such sinful deeds as
drinking of the blood of the Vampire, so that he could prolong
his life until all Vampires were dead. But his supply has not
been constant, so now his bones are 71 years old, but in better
shape than any mortal 20 years his younger. The stolen blood
also gives him the strength and endurance to continue on his
holy path.

Among his many methods for hunting are his hedge magic
spells, used to track and identify Kindred. These were learned
long ago at the side of Daniel Hargrave, a Puritan witch-
hunter in Salem. While the spells were originally used to hunt
witches, Caiaphas has adapted them for use against Kindred.
By using Cainite blood, or the blood of a Ghoul, he can
supematurally track the Undead down.

He has gained many allies in all areas of the world on his
long journey, but he still concentrates on the menace in New
England, where the Sabbat is his bitter enemy. It was they
who he first marshalled his efforts against, and in his mind,
even though he has since discovered the secret of the Camarilla,
all Vampires are of the Sabbat. He refuses to use the Kindred's
own names for themselves; to him, they are vampyres, or
Damned.

He has worked with Sullivan Dane once before, and has
much respect for him. Dane guessed Caiaphas' true age, and
does notapprove of his methods of prolonging his life. He has

The Hunters Hunted}

Veenpire The Masquerade'

Caiaphas Smith

Attributes +
Physical Social Mental
Songs eeeeo | Chartame sesee eevee
Dou, sesc0 Seeoo
Sanne sesso e000 Ws seeee
tm Abilities sacks
Talents Sills Knowledge
eting Ken_00000 Dewemcrary_ 00000
Computer
Poon

eoccccccces
ooooo000000
sto—Combat wet

also worked with the Inquisition off and on, but does not
approve of their Papal ties.

The Justicars of the Camarilla have released an edict
concerning Caiaphas: all Kindred are to avoid him at all
costs. Any Kindred who willfully breaks this Law shall be put
to death. Any Prince who does not carry out this punishment
shall be put to death. The Law dictates that if Caiaphas can be
kept from Kindred vite for perhaps the next 20 years, he will
die of natural, old age.

The Camarilla know he is one of the most dangerous
hunters to have ever existed, for his powerful, fanatic Faith
and drive are phenomenal, and his vast experience, magic
and lore make it hard to hide anything from him.

Name: Caiaphas Smith

Age: Physical: 71, Actual 176

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Fanatic

Concept: Puritan Hunter

Motive: Sense of Duty/Hate

Method: Religious/Heavy Firepower

Roleplaying Hints: You are focused on the job at hand.
All else is unimportant. However, your knowledge of Kin-
dred and their habits allows you to easily (uncannily, some
have said) detect signs of their passage. Few are the Ghouls,
trying to pass as humans, who have been able to keep their

76 The Hunters Hunted


perverse secret from you. You speak with force and strong
diction. The long ages have drained the desire for small talk
from you. You know your time is short, and there is much to
do. Glare unflinchingly at everyone, as if your eyes are
enough to pierce their secrets. Lately, your left leg has been
aching, the first signs of old age coming. You try to hide the
pain from others, but sometimes you are sure they can sense
it. Put up an even tougher demeanor, so they do not underes-
timate you because of your weakness.

Notes: Any traits marked with an * decrease by two when
Caiaphas has been without Vampire vite for a month.
Caiaphas is not, strictly speaking, a ghoul, for he has never
used Vampire blood for continued long stretches of time.
However, his body has become dependent on the blood.

Deborah Rose Keller

Mrs. Keller's life was the most wonderful any woman can
ask for: a doctor husband, a beautiful house in a nice neigh-
borhood, and a fine, responsible son. But all that was shat-
tered when the police came to her home that day to tell her of
her son's mysterious, occult death. How could this be hap-
pening? They told her he was found in the woods, all the
blood drained out of his young body, while all around were
the remains of black candles and strange drawings. She could
not believe it. Did she not go to church every Sunday? How
could this be her reward?

Bawezs9

The Hunters Hunted:
Veumpine The Masquerade'
Deborah Rose Keller

Attributes = ad
Mental
Rereptin____ee00

S8000

seco wm Ste00

Abilities ack
Skills Knowledge

eeeeeeee00 Deed
stom Willpower meet Hawt

1
e@eeeee0000 peed 2
Doooooooo0 |= eS
00003000000) 4 atiimete  —_ carele

t——Falth

She decided to investigate herself. If there was some group
of devil-worshipping, heavy metal music freaks out there
killing young children, then someone must do something.

She began investigating occult murders all over the coun-
try, and that only convinced her, regardless of the evidence,
that there was a larger group behind it all; an evil conspiracy
seducing children and then using them as their sacrifices to
the devil. The police at first aided her in her investigations,
even calling her in foradvice on some cases. But they became
convinced that she was making up many of her conclusions,
and labeled her as a paranoid conspiracy theorist. So, she
began to hide evidence from them on cases, and secretly used
it for her own investigations.

One such case changed her entire career. She had found a
business card among the debris in a house used for ritual
crimes. She went to the address listed, and found it to be an
old house. It was dark by the time she arrived, but she went
up to the front door anyway. The knock was answered
immediately by a servant. When she told him her name, he
looked surprised, and she knew she was on to something. He
invited her into the parlor and went to summon his employer.

From the moment she saw him, the hair on her neck stood
up. He was tall and thin, pale as if from lack of sun, but his
eyes were sharp and intense. He was kind and jovial, and
expressed his curiosity at her visit. She explained where she
found his card, and though he said he did not know why it was

Appendices 77

there, she had seen the flicker of recognition behind his eyes.
She stood up and demanded to be told the truth.

He sat there stunned, and then slowly smiled. He asked her
if she was working for the police. She told that she had come
alone, on her own investigation. He smiled again, and said:
"All right. The truth..." and his mouth opened wide, reveal-
ing two hideous fangs.

Deborah screamed and ran for the door, but he cut her off.
She tumed and ran down the hall, but he appeared there too.
He was toying with her and she had never known such terror.
But then, there was a knock on the door, and a yell from
outside: "Open up! Police!" She ran for the door, opened it,
and fainted into a policeman's arms.

When she awoke, in the back of the patrol car, she told
them all that had happened. The looks of pity on their faces
caused her to stop short. They explained that there was no one
home at the house, and no sign that anyone had run from it
either,

She knew then and there that only she could stop this
occult-Vampire menace. She has since devoted her time and
career as a ritual crimes expert in tracking down Vampires.
She has yet to discover another one, but has found evidence
that convinces her of their existence. She has also had recent
contact with the Society of Leopold, which has confirmed her
suspicions.

Many Cainites who know of her consider her no danger,
but some Princes are all too aware of the consequences of
harming her. While she has only built up a limited respect in
law enforcement circles, she has a huge following among
other concerned housewives and citizens' groups. Her death,
unless masterfully done, would only cause some to believe it
a part of the occult conspiracy which she crusades against.
Thus, Princes have decreed that all Kindred are to do their
best to prevent her from discovering substantial evidence of
the Masquerade.

She lives in California, but often tours the country, deliv-
ering seminars on ritual crime to law enforcement personnel,
citizens' groups and PTAs.

Name: Deborah Rose Keller

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Caretaker

Concept: Crusading Housewife

Motive: Sense of Duty/Revenge

Method: Detective

Roleplaying Hints: You are well-mannered and polite,
but persistent in your demands. Your social circle, up until a
few months ago, was bridge clubs and quilting bees, butnow
you feel that you are all too familiar with the underworld and
its lingo. You will try to prevent your friends from suffering
under this burden also.

78 The Hunters Hunted

Dennis Quincy, "The Un-
canny Danny"

Dennis Quincy was a man of reason. It was his contention
that everything could be explained by science, even so-called
magic. To prove it, he set about to learn stage magic. He
discovered that all it was was clever trickery, and thus he
reasoned that all "magic" must be tomfoolery. He mastered
the methods of the stage magician, and then used his knowl-
edge of misdirection and sleight of hand to go about and
prove psychics to be wrong, for there was nothing he hated
more than a person preaching unreason — and making
money at it. So, he made his money by debunking famous
psychics and channelers. There was no psychic power or
mystic revelation he could not prove involved some form of
flimflammery. And he got rich off of it.

He began receiving many offers from people all over the
world who had seen strange events which they challenged
him to prove to be a hoax. And there was not one to which he
could notcome up with a rational explanation. Until Timothy
Barris showed up on his doorstep.

Dennis had invited Timothy in to hear his tale, in which he
had claimed to have seen, and fought, with a Vampire.
Dennis listened to his tale very carefully, as he always did,
searching for some discrepancy in the story or a sign of
psychological disease in the teller. Concerning the tale,
Dennis could find nothing in its telling that showed it to be a
blatant hoax. But Timothy was clearly cracking under the
pressure, which he believed was caused by the knowledge
that a monster was out to get him. Timothy claimed he had
been dating a woman who was in facta Vampire. When he
discovered her nature, she became enraged and attacked
Timothy, trying to drink his blood. Timothy successfully
escaped when police heard his cries.

He came to Dennis Quincy to gain his aid in proving the
existence of the Vampire, for if he could get so great a skeptic
as the Uncanny Danny, as his magician's stage name was, to
believe it, then surely the world at large would investigate.
Dennis saw a marvelous moment in which to disprove the
existence of Vampires forall to see. So, Dennis accompanied
Timothy to the park where the Vampire had attacked him.

‘The park was dark, and Dennis was afraid at first of being
mugged. He was sure that Timothy's "Vampire" was nothing
more than/a punk mugger. Timothy pointed out the place
where ithad happened. As Dennis was looking about, he was
startled to see a woman standing in the bushes. She stared
back at him. He had never seen anyone as beautiful as she
was. He began to approach her, and she him. She held out her
arms to embrace him, and he fell into her grasp. She began to
kiss his neck, and then he felt a sharp pain in his throat, and
then ecstasy. Timothy, behind him, let out a giggle. His
skeptical mind instantly wrenched itself out of the glamourit
had been drawn into, and he tore himself from her.

| Brive 2s ‘42

He jumped back, startled, staring at her, bleeding from his
neck. She began to laugh, then said "Oh, Timothy, you were
doing so well. But now you have alerted him."

"Who are you?" said Dennis, totally perplexed about
what was going on.

"I have come to give you a gift," she replied, "One which
you can enjoy through eternity." And her eyes began to glow
red, and Dennis knew what he was staring at. After all the
years of hoax upon hoax, he was seeing something which his
rational mind could not believe.

He did what any rational man would do when confronted
with such a terror. He ran away.

Much later, after dawn, in the hotel room which he had
rented that night, Dennis began to assess what had happened
to him. After fevered muttering to himself, and multiple cups
of coffee, he decided that he had been confronted with a
phenomenon which science had not yet explained. But, he
did not lose hope, for what was science but discovery? Yes,
and he would be the discoverer. Certainly, he now conceded
that Vampires existed, for he had the scar to prove it. But
surely all the folklore could not be correct. No, it was more
plausible that these were humans with a previously unknown
disease which caused them to desire the blood of others.
Perhaps it also caused the body to manufacture natural
chemicals, somewhat like steroids, that would account for
the legends of vampiric strength.

Appendices 79

And in but a span of hours, Dennis had come up with a
scientific theory to explain Vampires. But he now needed to
test that theory, so he set out on the quest, continually
searching for any tales which could lead him to actual
Vampires to interview and test his theory on.

Dennis Quincy, although he has seen but one Vampire, is
quite dangerous to Kindred. He has vast media support, and
chronicles his search in books which he publishes regularly.
He also has a shrewd and cunning mind, and any slips in the
Masquerade would surely be detected by him. His range is
nationwide. The Arcanum has toyed with the idea of inviting
him in for his ability at cutting through the nonsense, but so
many of that order despise his views that no invitation has
been given. Danny is unaware of their existence.

Name: Dennis Quincy

Stage Name: The "Uncanny Danny"

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Director

Concept: Skeptic

Motive: Curiosity

Method: Scientific

The Hunters Hunted:

or Thre A res
Dennis Quincy

Attributes

——— co000
Fath et
0000000000

Roleplaying Hints: You are gleeful and righteous when
you discover a hoax. But when something is not immediately
obviousasa trick, you get incredibly serious, and will not rest
until you have unraveled its illusions. You are well-groomed,
and effect a scholar's air, with a tweed suit jacket, well-
trimmed beard, and a mahogany pipe.

Walker Grimes

Walker Grimes was a man-about-town, wealthy and proud
of it. He had money and good looks — all a man needs to get
through life well. He sneered at the homeless, jobless bums
and went out of his way to make life miserable for them. One
of them finally got mad enough to do something. One who
wasn't human.

Gary was a Nosferatu, as ugly as they come and resentful
as hell of that Grimes mortal who sicced police on all of
Gary's friends, the only humans who looked up to him and
appreciated him regardless of his looks. He would teach
Grimes a real lesson.

When Walker's house security alarm went off in the
middle of the night, he grabbed his flashlight and gun from
the bedstand drawer, and went out into the hall to search for
the intruder. He saw him, below on the second level, wander-
ing the large foyer. It looked like a street bum. Pointing the
gun, he yelled for the burglar to halt. The intruder stopped and
slowly turned, looking up.

Walker almost retched — he had never seen anyone so
ugly. Before he knew it, the thing was up the stairs and next
to him, tearing at his neck. He screamed as the creature bit
into him, its moldy hands grasping his face into a lock. All
began to turn dark, fading away...and then the blood. He
grasped it like a rope flung to a drowning man, and began
lapping it up in great gulps.

Then came the changes — horrible, wracking pains and
ugly, explosive smells from all of his orifices, as his body
began to react to the putrid blood in its system. Eventually,
the pain stopped and Walker caught his breath. He looked up
to see the Vampire that stood there, watching him.

As he raised his head, he saw the smirk on the creature's
face. But the smirk was instantly wiped away to one of shock
and horror. Then revulsion. The creature screamed and ran
out of the house.

It was not a scream of fear, but of anguish and pain. For
Walker Grimes, after the Turning, after the blood of the
Nosferatu Clan had coursed into his veins, was still as
handsome as he had always been. To Gary, this was the
ultimate act of an unjust universe, and he could not now face
his Childe.

But Walker was horrified, for there were disgusting lumps
allover his body now, everywhere except his head and hands.
He would have to go through life dressed head to toe to hide
his disfigurement. He was enraged, and screamed that he
would have his revenge against the Vampire for the ugliness

80 The Hunters Hunted

he had been cursed with, unaware that, of all Nosferatu, he
was the most blessed.

He now spends his time and vast fortunes hunting down
his Sire. He found another Vampire, a Caitiff, and learned
much from him of the Camarilla and Clan Nosferatu. He has
had many hard lessons to learn on his own about what being
a Vampire is like, and he plans to pay back all the pain he has
had to endure. Against Clan Nosferatu.

He appears, when fully dressed (usually in a suit), like a
normal mortal, although an exceptionally pale one. The only
outward sign of his physical disfigurement is an odd birth-
mark behind the left ear.

But hidden under his clothes are warty bumps and "birth-
mark" blotches overall his skin. Hair grows in strange places,
sometimes in patches and sometimes thick as fur.

Name: Walker Grimes

Age: 32

Generation: 13th

Clan: Caitiff

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Gallant

Motive: Revenge

Method: Manipulation
I

Arctos

On a side street in Greenwich Village, New York, the
center of the modern world, there is a house that belongs very
much to the ancient world. It is the headquarters of a Cov-
enant of Magi, the Order of the Mysterious Conjunction.
Here reside Magi, those most mysterious of mortals, who not
only study the secret powers of the world, but act to use them,
and change them to their own ends.

Of those in this house, called the Raven's Nest by its
residents, there is one who is known as Arctos. His specialty
is Dominions and Offices. His part in the Great Work is in the
gaining of power and authority over the other Beings who
inhabit the many worlds known to Man. This brings him into
conflict with the Kindred. The Kindred do not like being
played as puppets, especially by a mortal.

Arctos has devised many powerful and unique spells by
which he has brought certain Kindred under his command.

has magically Blood Bound a pair of Licks to him, and
they are fiercely loyal to him because of it. But even if the

\d were broken, they would still stay with him, forin return
for their service he has offered protection and many things
unavailable to other Kindred (the deep Rest to be found in
Faerie). They both believe themselves to have found a
comfortable niche in eternity, and will not willingly lose it.

Another of Arctos' servants is Daniel Archer, whose other
name is Whines-At-Moon. Daniel isa werewolf. He was long
the scapegoat of his pack, but he hada place among them, and

Walker Grimes

= Altribut. $+
Pyatcal Socal Meniat

Seow eec00 Gluten _e0000 Neeptin 90000

Descm_——se0ne Mewinin_——eeeeo Incl ee

‘Se000 Aypenmne 00000 Wily ‘Se000

eee00

titponerm—nt Mem $8
eosccceeon aml 40
ooooco00000 Incoprecttated O

tess Expertence met

stom=IBlood Po
0000000000

‘Rate 160 Ans 1180 Daye} Bacar $ View 7 Fee Ree 13 0827)

that was important to him. But his pack lived ina sick place,
a place dying from man's poisons, and they in turn began to
die. Arctos came to them and offered them magic to ward off
the poison. In return, he asked for one of their number to serve
him faithfully. Of course, they chose Whines-At-Moon,

He is happy, though, for he has a new place, where he is
important. He also has respect, for both of Arctos' Vampires
fear him. He has tried to befriend them anyway, regardless of
their foul nature.

Currently, Arctos is in a war of sorts with the Kindred of
New York. They resent his powers and his dangerous (to
them) motives. They do not like being puppets. The war is a
slow one, with "blows" being exchanged only once every
few years, when an opening is seen by one of them. Arctos is
defensive, except when he retaliates for an attack, or when he
wishes to use a Kindred for a task (willingly or unwillingly).
Any players who wander into town may get caught up in
these machinations.

Name: Arctos

Real Name: Christopher Barrow

Age: 102

Physical Age: 57

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Confidant

Motive: Control/Curiosity/Power

Method: Mystical/Manipulative

Appendices 81


Notes: Among his retainers are Ferdinand (Ninth Genera-
tion Brujah), Stemislav (Eleventh Generation Gangrel), Daniel
Archer/Whines-At-Moon (Lupine) and Gerald Toomis (ap-
prentice mage). His allies include three fellow Covenant
Magi — Jubatis (Beast mage), Haemlox (Star mage), and
Fairtanis (War maga) — one Lesser Imp (Georgio) and one
Elvish Prince (Raimion). Additionally, Arctos knows many
spells of different Thaumaturgy paths, all adapted for his own
uses. One of them is the Cauldron of Blood (listed in Vampire
rulebook). Some rituals unique to Arctos are listed below.

Invigorate Vitae (Level Four Ritual): Allows caster's
blood to Blood Bond anyone who drinks it, whether mortal,
Kindred, or Lupine. The rules are otherwise the same as for
Vampiric Blood Bonds.

Sway Beast (Level Five Ritual): Allows the caster to take
command of the Beast in a creature whose Beast has awak-
ened (Vampires, werewolves, and some psycho killer mor-
tals). He can bring about Frenzies in the person, and control
the direction and duration of that Frenzy. The caster rolls his
Leadership (or Intimidate) plus his Wits against the Will-
power of the creature targeted. One success allows the caster
to take control of a person already in Frenzy. Three success
allows the caster to initiate a Frenzy.

Geas (Level Four Ritual): Allows the caster to force the
target to perform a deed for him, such as "Rescue the Princess
and bring her to me." The bewitched person will be unable to
sleep or heal wounds until he heeds the call, and begins to

82 The Hunters Hunted

0000000000

Virtues ewe frown [a] =
22000 stom Experience eet
SelfControl____eeeee
Cournge_____egeeo

‘cane A) Asser TTR Recigoanie3 Vins? Prt eur 21 (927)

perform it. Only when the deed is accomplished will he be
free. This acts like a version of the Dark Fate Flaw also. The
bewitched one will be haunted by horrible visions until he
performs what he has been commanded to do. The caster rolls
Leadership + Manipulation versus the target's Willpower. If
he gains three successes, the target must perform the mission.

Equipment: Arctos always carries three daggers upon
him: one of Lupine bone, sharpened to do aggravated damage
to Kindred, one of silver (for werewolves), and one of iron
(for Faeries).

Kanglor (Lupine)

Kanglor saw his mate killed by a Kindred and will kill
them all now. He has always hated them anyway, butnow has
revenge to fuel his mad rage. Anyone who gets in the way
between him and his targets will go down screaming.

Kanglor can control his transformation into a wolf at will,
except during the full moon, when he always becomesa wolf.
Asa human, he is a very ominous figure: tall, with eyebrows
grown together, shaggy hair, intense black eyes, and knotty,
thick, powerful hands. He prefers a half-form between wolf


and man, where he can stand upright. As a wolf, he has deep
black fur, with a silver streak down his back.

The Hunters spate

Vempire The Masquerade

He has at times teamed with mortal hunters to destroy Kanglor
Vampires, but these occasions are rare. He most often in- Be iescice =
Social

spires a crusade among the Lupines and leads them into the
outskirts of a city to maim and devour Kindred.

Name: Kanglor

Human Name: Tom Barker

Age: 35

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Bravo

Motive: Revenge/Hate

Method: Heavy Firepower/Mystical

Roleplaying Hints: As a human, you are an imposing
bully. Invite someone outside if you think they are talking ill
about you. Then beat them toa pulp until they show their rear
ends to you in submission, As a wolf, you are even worse.

Appendices 83


Appendix Cw:

Dancing Gear

These items have a multitude of uses for hunters of all
motives. Note that some items are restricted to certain users.
Anumber of items from The Players Guide are also useful.

High Tech

Remote Database Terminal: This is a laptop-sized por-
table computer with a backpack-style satellite link-up an-
tenna. It is capable of tapping into communication satellites
and, through them, accessing many of the nation's top infor-
mation mainframes, including the computers owned and
maintained by such organizations as the NSA and the FBI.
The Arcanum owns two of these units. Mere possession of the
Temote terminal will not grant access to these storehouses of
information: one must also have knowledge of the proper
passwords and access codes.

Phased Motion Detector: This compact, hand-held unit
detects minute disturbances in the air and, through the collec-
tion of this and other data, works to sense movement within
100 meters. Contacts are displayed as blips on the screen, with
a beep that increases in volume as the contact gets closer.
Direction, movement and sometimes contact mass can be
determined. When used on a Vampire under the discipline
Ob! ite, this device aids the hunters by letting them make

lertness rolls as if they had one dot of Auspex.

Thermal Detector: A small cylindrical unit that instantly

measures skin temperature and silently reports the data to the
user. It can be installed in the tip of a cane so as to call little

Appendices

attention to itself as it is quietly pressed against a suspected
Kindred. This is one of the most effective ways of telling who
is and isn'ta Vampire, though Kindred with the virtue "Baby-
Face" and those who have just fed are not detectable by this
detector.

Spiritual

The Crusader Sword: This ancient weapon has a true
saint's relic (generally a bone of some kind) imbedded in the
hilt. Its reversed hilt and crosspiece counts as a consecrated
holy symbol serving as a channel for the Faith miracle which
ignites the blade with holy power, adding one die of damage
per success for the Faith roll when used against Vampires and
other "unholy" creatures. Wounds caused by the blade, when
held by one with the Faith Numina, will be aggravated
wounds. While wearing the blade, the hunter receives the
Virtue "Iron Will." When the Faithful prays fora miracle, add
one extra Faith die to the roll if the sword is held, cross-up,
during the prayer. It is a Medieval Broadsword as per The
Players Guide rules: three-feet long with a nine-inch hilt,
requiring a Strength of 2 to carry, 3 or better to wield.
Difficulty for this particular weapon is 7, though it does
Strength + 5 damage (aggravated). The weapon radiates an
aura of Faith that is quite discernable to all Kindred through
Auspex (it appears as golden fire) and at close range (5 feet)
it causes the Kindred to begin to sweat blood.

However, the sword is old and brittle. Kindred seizing the
blade would take damage from it as normal, but would

85


succeed in shattering it (desecrating the relic inside) with
three successes on a difficulty of 7, if she used Potence,
difficulty 8 if not. Also, any major blows done to the sword
itself (strikes against it versus a difficulty of 7) will shatter the
sword (treat it as if it has three "health" levels),

There are many other problems with carrying the sword. It
ishugeand ungainly asa weapon, most people arenot familiar
with traditional medieval weapons combat — subtract 2 from
the Melee roll unless the character receives special training in
the use of a broadsword. It is impossible to completely
conceal unless one continually wears a large trench coat.
Police seeing you carrying one are apt to question you about
it, and perhaps charge you with criminal charges or take you
to the mental health facility. What's more, the Inquisition
forbids using these holy relics in common everyday life. They
are antiquities which belong in safekeeping, not in the hands
of Hunters who use them to fight Kindred, no matter what
Divine power they hold. Still, some Hunters are able to come
by these items, sometimes through miraculous means. It is as
if the swords themselves want to be biting into Kindred flesh
again, as they did in the Middle Ages.

Oil of St. George: This oil causes fire which will not bum
the Faithful. Fires spread by the oil will also be of this spiritual
nature. Of course, structures and those mortals without the
Faith Numina will be burned. Vampires subtract 2 dice from
their resistance roll against this flame. The oil usually comes
ina specially blessed flask that is costly and extremely fragile
in construction.

Psychic

Kaiphurr Crystal: This near-perfect quartz crystal has
been specially cut and attuned by ancient ways and appears to
be silvered. When a Hunter with any of the Psychic Numina
meditates using these crystals, her effective level is increased
by one. Make Meditation + Wits rolls for maintaining this
trance state during dangerous times. The Kaiphurris normally
a bcs gd crystal weighing about half a pound,
although they have been as small as 6 ounces.

The Orb of Ulain: This orb, worn on a necklace, protects
those with any Psychic Numina from Vampiric disciplines
involving the mind. For those with Telepathy, it gives them
Telepathy + 2 extra dice to aid in resisting Domination,
Auspex, Presence and Chimersty. For those with Clairvoy-
ance it gives Clairvoyance + 1 to add to resistance of these,
and Telekinesis (since it deals little with the mind) is only
granted an extra two dice to help resist Kindred mind
disciplines,

Thaumaturgical

Eye of the Hour-Glass: These glasses are specially made
so any user of the Vampire discipline Celerity appears, to the
wearer, as pernormal. While this does not grant the wearer the
reflexes to counter the Vampires' moves, it does allow them
to be aware and unsurprised of the Vampire's actions.

The Griffin's Ring: This earring will sound a bird's cry in
the ear of a Hunter who wears it in the presence of a Kindred.
It will sound once for each Kindred, and will only be audible
to the Hunter who is wearing it. The effective range of this
detection power is 10 feet around the wearer.

The Garou's Claw: This dagger causes aggravated wounds
to Kindred, and, in the light of the full moon, will gift the one
who carries it with knowledge of any Kindred who standsnear
them. Lupines will continually seek the one who carries this
dagger, as they presume (rightly so) that it belongs to them.

The Silken Cord: This fine silken cord is used to define an
area to be the subject of a spell. The cord will activate the spell
whenever anyone steps within its area. Thus, attack-oriented
spells can be infused in the cord, which will detonate once
someone breaks its boundary. Afterwards, the cord is of no
use. Most lengths of cord are capable of ringing an area 20 feet
in diameter.
SSS TT
Mundane

Spike-thrower: This specially modified shotgun fires a
wooden stake. Modified from a Hungarian design used in the
1956 uprising, these shotguns can also fire Molotov cocktails
(which do damage as per The Players Guide). Difficulty is
8, Damage (as normal for a stake) Rate: 1, Capacity: 1,
Concealment: N, Range 15.

Fang Rippers: Special dental pliers for ripping vampire
fangs out. Useful as an interrogation tool, or as torture,
especially versus a staked Kindred. Each fang extraction
causes an aggravated wound, and the Kindred must thereafter
drink blood from open wounds until they regrow their fangs.
Vampire fangs are quite valued by magi, and some hunters
keep them as signs of their prowess.

Neck Guard: This guard is usually covered with a paint
that matches the skin tone of the wearer and is made of
titanium steel. Itprevents Vampires from using their fangs on
your neck. It effectively decreases the wearer's Perception by
one due to the difficulty in moving the head..

Amphed Patch: This patch of amphetamines keeps the
hunter awake for approximately 24 hours without much
difficulty. Itis applied directly to the skin and is used when the
hunter simply must remain awake for whatever reason.

86 The Hunters Hunted


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Fs Attributes

Physical

@0000

Talents

Acting 00000
Alertness_____00000
Athletics, 00000
Brawl, 00000
Dodge. 00000
Empathy. 00000
Intimidation_____00000

00000

00000
Subterfuge______oooo0o

The Hunters Hunted:
Vampire, The Masquerade

Demeanor:
Residence:

Motive:
Method:
Concept:

=. —>4

Social
Charisma______®0000
Manipulation____ ®0000
@0000

Appearance___

Mental
Perception_____®0000

Intelligence____ ®0000
Wits. @0000

——==+-

Skills

Animal Ken, 00000
Drive, 00000
Etiquette_____00000
Firearms, 00000
Melee. 00000
Music, 00000
Repair. 00000
Security_______010000
Stealth_____mmmooooo
Survival_________.oooo

Knowledge
Bureaucracy. 00000
Computer. 00000
Finance. 00000
Investigation______00000
Law. 00000

00000
Medicine, 00000
Occult_____m__00000
Politics, 00000
Science, 00000

aoa a Advantages aed

Numina & Other Traits
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

Cco0o00000000

Virtues
Conscience.

Self-Control,

@0000
@0000

Courage___soooo

Backgrounds
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

Merits & Flaws

Se ee

t-—Humanity——*
o000000000
+F-ee— Willpower ==

oo000000000
oooo0oo0oo0o0o0
tee Combat
Damage Weapon} Difficulty

t=— Health =~

Bruised

Hurt dl
Injured 2
Wounded 3
Mauled +4
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

oooo0oo000

+¥--== Experience ==

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)

Appendices

87


The Inquisition
Project Twilight
Halls of the Arcanum
The Quick and the Dead
The Autumn People

Antagonists

The Hunter's
Sourcebooks
from

wl
he]


Revenge is a Dish Best Served Cold . .

Until now it has been the Vampire who stalked the cities,
feasting at will from any they desired. Confident in their
Masquerade, sure no mortal could threaten their rule, they have
walked without fear. But now their nights are numbered.

Eat Napalm Corpse!

The Hunters' hour has come! Add to your Vampire Chronicle
with fully detailed hunters, ready and waiting to put your
players to the torch. Or better yet, begin a Hunters Chronicle,
with the characters facing off against the horror of the Undead,
for no other foe is as well detailed as the Kindred of Vampire.

Hunters Hunted includes:

extensive information on running a Hunters chronicle,
including new rules for Faith and magic as well as rules for
rand Story creation;

charact

details of the organizations who hunt the Undead, from the
F.B.L. to the Inquisition to the Children of Osiris:

character descriptions for some of the most fearsome
Vampire hunters alive.
—
i} || |
|

WHITE WOLF

4598B Stonegate Ind. Blvd. * Stone Mtn. GA 30083
