# File: Hunter - The Reckoning.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

> Oe ead o> 8 8

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Pref

HTML site:

FUMIE ED tera lae

*

ROLOGUE:
"nue THE CARTH

That was the first thing they said to me, the first time I was "contacted." In that moment a horrendous
revelation befell me. The world was not what it had always seemed. The life I'd led had been an illusion.
My job, my family, my dreams, they were all deceptions. All the reassurances that my parents and then
society made — that there was nothing to fear, that everything would be okay — were a lie.

What happened to me? What am | talking about? It all comes down to this: Monsters are real. They
exist. I've seen them.

| don't mean "people can be monsters," or "the human dark side is monstrous" or "society creates its
own monsters." That's all bullshit. | mean walking and in some cases living creatures, neither man nor
nature, exist, hide in the shadows and prey upon people. When you were a kid and afraid of things under
your bed or outside your window, you were right to be scared. They were there, watching, waiting. As we
grew up, we just turned a blind eye in a subconscious effort to remain sane, to refuse to believe that
creatures prowled the night. They do.

| don't expect you to believe me. Most people who visit this site write me off as a crackpot. That's fine;
they couldn't understand if they tried. Their minds' own defenses and the influences that have been
imposed upon them for so long won't let them believe. Better that they visit another site.

For those of you who understand, who've seen what I've seen, who know what | know... you have
my condolences. We're trapped between people who shout us down, think us mad or turn their backs and
the very creatures responsible for it all — the hideous things we must face every day and every night.

You're Not ALone

But let me back up a bit, to assure you that you're among friends. | know what you're going through.
You can't look anywhere without seeing something that tears at your very soul — a grotesque walking
corpse, a shambling man-beast, a person you know to be dead, or some kind of spirit clinging to an
unwitting person's body. They hide or stroll among us, unnoticed by everyone. They pick and choose who
to kill and who to spare, who to save for later and who to devour now, and we have — or had — no idea
it was ever happening. But now we see it all the time, and the people we see poised to become victims
won't listen. They refuse to believe us. And then, there they go, off to their doom.

Let me guess: Your family wonders what's wrong with you; you're "agitated," "freaking out." Co-
workers avoid you these days; you're "unstable," "acting weird." Maybe you've already been fired; it's hard
to keep your job when you attack a "colleague." Of course, no one believed you when you explained what
she really was. But then she knew you were on to her.... Perhaps you've been arrested recently for
assault, disturbing the peace or on weapons charges. Not even the police believe your stories, what your
victims really are, or why you attacked them. They want you in a cell or committed, where they and other
things have you within reach.

)


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

=>

Backward Forward Redraw

@ &

Stop Findit!_ Homepage History

3

Printing

Save

Sound familiar? Then here's probably the most relieving thing you've read in some time: You've been
right all along. You're not insane. There are others like you. You've found us. The bad partis, being sane
and right means that everything you've witnessed, everything you've feared, is real. Monsters exist.

Tue IMBUED

There are others of us out here. We've all struggled with the horrifying visions and incomprehensible
realities that you face. We've all had to come to grips with what we know, what we've witnessed and what
we've become. | created this site in an effort to exorcise my own demons, to find a catharsis, but to also
reach out to others enduring the same torture. You're welcome to join this list of peers, all of whom search
for answers to what's real in the world — how it is that we've lived our entire lives ignorant of the fact that

Tuis List

This website and its list are intended as means
for helping the imbued come to terms with them-
selves, the world and the truth. They are intended
to help people with our condition to understand
themselves and what appears to be the real reality.
You may have come here for the first time, desper-
ate for answers or confirmation that this is how it is
now. Or you may have come here for the first time
after finding your own meaning, and now you need
help to carry on.

Ultimately, this list is about communication,
to reassure and support one another and to share
whatever information we can about them. To-
gether we stand. Divided we fall. When you join
the list, you remain anonymous. No one, myself
included, learns who or where you are, and no one
will as long as you remain discreet in your posts
That said, share everything you know and learn
about them. Your knowledge could mean the dif-
ference between life and death for other members.

However, understand this: They could be
among us. These creatures already seem to pervade
the world. It would naive of us to believe that they
are not pervasive on the Internet, well. The
enemy may infiltrate this list, pose as one of us or
simply lurk, as they do in all other things, and wait
for signs of some weakness to prey upon. So, learn
what you can from this list, but do not take it all as
gospel. One member's information may save you.
Another "member's" may get you killed.

monsters exist, that they control us and the world
like puppets on a stage.

We few on this list call ourselves the imbued —
astrange name, | know, but it seems to capture what
everyone has reported of their personal experiences.

Not long ago you were perfectly normal. Your
life carried on as it always had. Times could be
tough, money could be short, the future could look
pretty damn bleak. Then, for some reason, some-
time recently, things changed. Accounts vary, but
everyone on this forum has reported events along
these lines: A voice entered your head. It sounded
like your own, or maybe like the Word of God itself.
Or maybe you were reading a newspaper or bill-
board and for a fleeting moment the words changed
right before your eyes. The message was mysteri-
ous but emphatic: "DO NOT SUFFER IT TO LIVE."
"DEATH WALKS AMONG YOU." "SAVE THIS ONE
AND ALL WILL FIND SALVATION." Or, in my case,
"INHERIT THE EARTH."

Perhaps you received no message, but found
yourself in a dream, some kind of hallucination in
which terrible things appeared and happened. Or
you could have been assaulted by a piercing
sound, overcome by a nauseating stench or struck
by aprofound sense that someone was dancing on
your grave.

Whatever happened, that was just the begin-
ning. The next moments were probably a blur, but
all your senses were brought to bear on some kind
of creature, maybe even two or more, thatappeared
out of nowhere or simply emerged from a crowd.


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

¢»> & & &

Backward Forward Redraw Stop _Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

You instinctively knew that this thing was not supposed to exist, that it was evil incarnate and that
everyone in its vicinity was in mortal danger. You could not stand idly by. You could not simply gape. You
had to do something!

It may have been that you were not alone. Although many people in the area may have been oblivious
to what you saw, others responded to it as you did. Apparently, a handful sensed the same thing you did.
The crowd scattered at the commotion while you dove recklessly toward a creature you could not identify,
yet you knew could not be abided.

That's when you demonstrated The Power. By whatever means, you were imbued with strange
abilities. Though you never did anything like it before, you could now deliver hammer blows. You could
keep innocents from harm with a simple command. You could look to the creature's very soul and know
its innermost secrets. And you could do these things as easily as you closed your hand, spoke aloud or
cast a piercing gaze.

When the red haze passed, the monster was driven off or destroyed, with no sign left of its existence.
In that moment of realization you probably fled the scene and denied what happened.

The truth is, you were "imbued," chosen. The clarity, strength and passion to see reality for what it
truly is was granted or inflicted upon you. Curse or blessing, your life changed forever.

Tue HeraLps

"| must be going insane," you probably thought after hearing voices, having hallucinations and pulling
some bizarre stunts. You're not crazy. All of the imbued have heard the voices and seen the signs. We
have labeled the source "Heralds" or "Messengers," for lack of a better term, or simply to give the complete
unknown some kind of familiarity. The few of us who have found each other, whether through word of
mouth, on the streets or through the Internet, disagree about who or what the Heralds are. The products
of mass delirium? Collective unconscious lashing outward? God or some kind of deity? Aliens
broadcasting to certain people? A government plot to manipulate us and make us weapons? Or our own
subconscious minds responding to the anxieties of the world or perhaps its end? No one knows.

Yet the messages seem real enough, given that we have all experienced them. General consensus
on the Heralds and what they communicate holds that both are connected to our contact with monsters.
Messages seem to come to awaken us to the existence of horrific creatures, ones we feel compelled to
react to, and we're then somehow empowered with the tools to do so. Some imbued even claim to have
repeated contact with the Heralds, to receive further messages warning of impending danger or
confrontation with... what, the supernatural?

Are these Messengers or Heralds the ones responsible for what we witness, and for our freakish
abilities? Why do they choose us? What is our purpose? Why not explain themselves? Who are they?

We don't know. All we can do is guess and hope we're right.

Monsters

| feel silly writing that word, as if | defy everything sensible that I've ever been taught... or perhaps
that forces have ever wanted me to believe.

After your initial exposure — the imbuing — you probably sought meaning in the experience, some
hope of explaining it all away and returning to the sheltered existence you used to lead. But there was
no escape, was there?


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

> me @2a st Gm aA

Backward Forward Redraw Stop‘ Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

No matter how much you shut your eyes or turned away, you saw creatures everywhere: on the street,
on television, at work, on the subway, in the newspaper and, for some, God save you, in your own homes!

All you wanted to do was get away and put a disturbing, inexplicable episode behind you. But they
wouldn't let you. The creatures were everywhere, despite your best efforts not to see. You had to make
a decision: Seek professional help, commit suicide, go mad or face what you hoped could not exist. If only
someone else could confirm what you were seeing, what you knew. But no one could. They thought you
were insane, looked at you askance and, you feared, spread word that you were trouble... that you knew.

Before long, trouble probably came to you. The police or doctors wanted to find a place for you, to
protect you from yourself, and to make sure you couldn't harm anyone else. That's when you knew there
was no one to turn to. These blind people, like the frantic crowds at the moment of your change, offered
no salvation. Although the others like you — others who did something that night — might.. .

You may have returned to the "scene of the crime" in search of the others who fought alongside you.
Maybe you hoped to be killed by a creature and laid yourself out as bait, only to find a kindred spirit rather
than an evil one. News stories about other bizarre events may have put you in search of other people with
similar experiences. Or you may have searched for answers online and found yourself here. But finding
others like you only confirmed that the creatures you saw were real.

We don't know where the monsters come from, but sporadic contact with the chosen from around the
world suggests that these things are everywhere. Maybe they're born of our own sins. Perhaps we're not
at the top of the order as we've always believed — or been led to believe — and these abominations are.
Perhaps they're older than humanity itself, some kind of superior race that's always been here.

The fact that we've never seen these things before — and that most people still don't — seems to lend
credence to the theory that monsters have been around for a very long time. A new threat couldn't be so
pervasive, so insidious. A new threat couldn't already have human pawns, willing and unwilling. (Yes,
there's evidence to suggest that some people have been exposed to monsters and work with them,
willingly or unwittingly. | personally have seen human agents of the "masters," and these people have
incredible strength, probably granted as gifts for loyalty. Others report authorities including the police and
politicians under monster control; imbued have made the mistake of revealing themselves to creatures
only to find themselves arrested on false charges soon afterward...)

So, for our own preservation, we must assume that monsters are everywhere. They seem
entrenched, and they appear to have time on their side. But what are they? Frustratingly, we don't know
that, either. Our best guesses relate back to old stories and folk tales. Creatures that drink blood, people
that can change shape into animals and objects, witches and warlocks who can cast spells and invoke
curses, ghosts that haunt places and people. But are the old stories true? Do vampires and werewolves
exist? And if we hope to do anything about it, are the old tricks useful against them? Will a cross save
your life? Does garlic keep them at bay? Can they bear their own reflection? Or are the legends just as
false as we've always been led to believe?

There's only one way find out.

Tue Hunt

One of the prevailing questions that arises after you come to terms with what you've seen and what
you've become is "Why?" "Why have | become this?" "What am | supposed to do?" Maybe the Heralds


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

@o o 8&8 &€ m3

Backward Forward Redraw Stop —_Findit!_ Homepage History Printing Save _—Preferences

Ae! Nee

have a specific goal for us. Maybe the imbuing is completely random. Maybe we're supposed to decide
our own fate.

If your feelings and ethics are anything like mine, there can be only one purpose for our change. We
can't be made to witness what we do, to possess the abilities we do and to have the knowledge we have
without reason. There's too much coincidence involved for the change to be purely random. When | walk
the street and see figures lurking in the shadows, picking people out like candy behind glass, my soul allows
only one response: to fight back. | cannot sit idly by while innocent, unaware people are manipulated and
slaughtered. | couldn't stand by the moment | was changed, and | can't do it now. Nor, probably, can you.
You wouldn't have come in search of this site if you hadn't sensed some purpose. What you needed was
reassurance that fulfilling that purpose was the right thing to do.

The members on this list call our perceived purpose "the hunt." We dedicate ourselves to learning the
truth, and to stalking and perhaps destroying monsters. Of course, you don't have to be on some glorified
mailing list to have made the same commitment. Before you arrived here, you might have accepted this
imperative, too. "The hunt" simply means knowing that monsters are inherently wrong. It means finding
them, shadowing them, learning about them and ultimately confronting them. Some hunters believe that
creatures' destruction is the only answer. Others express concern that monsters may be the products of
people gone wrong, that killing them damns a soul. They hope (and fear) that some small glimmer of
humanity lingers in these creatures and should be recovered if any good is to be accomplished. Your
approach to the hunt is your own, something you have to rationalize according to your own sensibilities.
But however you approach it, you must do what you believe is right in your heart, or the things we have
to do may one day turn you into one of them.

Is THat Aut?

Some hunters grimly believe that facing and dealing with monsters is the be-all and end-all of the
imbuing and our existence (| would say they're content with this purpose; none of us could ever be content
with our new lives). Yet is that our full extent?

| said earlier that the events of our imbuing are too coincidental to be random. Pure chance cannot
account for why we suddenly see the world differently and why we manifest strange abilities. Maybe if
the change happened to only one person in the whole world, then maybeit could be random. But it doesn't,
and it isn't. The change affects people everywhere, apparently often in small groups at the same time.
No, there's a bigger game being played, even if we can't perceive the players.

The only answer | can accept for now is that we are pawns of greater forces, powers that seek to
accomplish a goal, great or small, and that turn to mankind to see it done. Whether that's a compliment
or a slander, a blessing or a curse, | can't say. Yet when I, other imbued, and perhaps even you sense
that we have a moral responsibility, that we must respond to the monsters we see, | must conclude that
we pursue a greater good. We have been changed, and we dedicate our new selves to serving and
protecting humanity, regardless that family and friends don't understand or appreciate it. Maybe it's that
simple resolve, the need to make the world better, that makes us candidates for the imbuing.

The first words | received from the Messengers were "INHERIT THE EARTH." I've thought about
those words constantly in the few months since my change. They still have no more logical meaning than
they did in the context | heard them, but | suspect that they garner intuitive meaning as | hear of more


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

&

Backward Forward eS 4 Finda! re History Printing Save

hunters and meet some for myself. We have a purpose, and it revolves around gaining a world of our own,
free from monstrous oppression and maybe even from whatever forces taunt us with liberation. For those
who would eradicate every monster, regardless of any spirit or soul it might possess, perhaps that world
is the one we know — or thought we knew — and it should be reclaimed. For those who hope to preserve
whatever good they can find among creatures, perhaps that world is the next, in which salvation and
goodwill shall be rewarded and all the deserving will be free.

As for me, | can't say for certain what it is we strive for. Despite our persecution and domination by
the unknown, | must believe that mankind is capable of extraordinary feats and virtue —take this amazing
tool on which people scattered worldwide communicate with ease. Even when burdened by the yoke, we
prove capable of compassion and ingenuity. Although monsters appear to be everywhere, so are we, and
we apparently are in greater numbers. It's our diversity that makes us strong. It's our courage that gives -
us the strength to go on — and now to fight back. | have to believe that somewhere in the midst of our
potential is a world worth having, and that can be enjoyed free of any monstrous touch.

Goon Luck

Those are all the words | have. | claim no special insight or wisdom, but | create this site and offer these
thoughts because my heart tells me it's the right thing to do. In a world like this, what else can you trust?
| hope this all proves helpful and offers guidance. That's the least we can do for one another.

God protect.

Witness1

TO JOIN THIS LIST, ENTER A NAME IN THE WINDOW BELOW ANDCLICK SEND.

WARNING: DO NOT ENTER YOUR REALNAMEOR OTHER PERSONAL
IDENTIFICATION. THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION ON
THIS LIST CANNOT BE GUARANTEED.

AFTER YOU SUBSCRIBE, YOU WILL RECEIVE A RETURN MESSAGE CONFIRMING RECEIPT OF
YOUR APPLICATION. A ROSTER NUMBER WILL BE ASSIGNED TO YOUR CODENAME AND USEDON
ALL COMMUNICATION LABELS FROM YOU.

FOR YOUR OWN PROTECTION, DO NOT REVEALYOUR REALNAME, ADDRESS.
ORIDENTITY TO MEMBERS OF THIS LIST.



IN ER: THE RECKONING

Cros

Storyteller Creator and Contributors: Mark
Rein®Hagen, Andrew Greenberg, Chris McDonough, Lisa
Stevens, Josh Timbrook and Stewart Wieck

World of Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen.

Designers: Andrew Bates, Phil Brucato, Ken Cliffe,
Greg Fountain, Ed Hall, Jess Heinig, Michael B. Lee,
Richard Thomas, Mike Tinney and Stewart Wieck

Authors: Bruce Baugh, E. Jonathan Bennett, Carl Bowen,
Ken Cliffe, Greg Fountain, Geoffrey Grabowski, Jess Heinig, Ed
Hall, Robert Scott Martin, Angel McCoy, Jim Moore, Wayne
Peacock, Greg Stolze, Richard Stratton and Stewart Wieck,
with thanks to Vampire: The Masquerade contributors

Developers: Ken Cliffe, Ed Hall and Stewart Wieck

Editor: Fd Hall

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Brian Glass

Interior Art: Mitch Byrd, Joe Corroney, Tommy Lee
Edwards, Steve Ellis, Richard Kane Ferguson, Chase "Post-It
Notes" Jones, Brian LeBlanc, Frank Malec, Steve Prescott
and Ron Spencer

Endpapers Design: Aaron Voss

Front and Back Cover Design: Brian Glass

Many thanks to Monique Huiet, who helped
locate the Innocent within.

Gall

735 PARK NORTH BLID.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, CA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO
© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-

served. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
poses of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may
be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Mage the Ascension and World of Dark-
ness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. Allrights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith

ee se

Playtesters: Andrew Bates, Bruce Baugh, Kraig
Blackwelder, Ron Bloomfield, Carl Bowen, Deird'Re M.
Brooks, Clayton Callihoo, Alex W. Caton, Micah Chan-
dler, Kwei-Cee Chu, Ken Cliffe, James V. Coleman, Scott
Coucher, Jason Cross, Audrey Deutschmann, Carrie Easley,
Mike Elsner, Jim Fillmore, Greg Fountain, Alyson Gaul,
Jody Gerst, Brian Goodson, Chris Haddad, Jonathan Hanna,
Laura Heilman, Jess Heinig, Chris Hemphill, Sean Holland,
Tricia Hopkins, Suzanne Johnson, Joe "Fader" Jones, Scott
"BIZKeT" Jones, Matthew Kaufman, Ellen P. Kiley, James
Kiley, Jason Langlois, Michael Lee, Janet Lee, Stacey Lewis,
Chris Loeffler, Paul Marshall, Chris McDonough, Sarah
Mcllvaine, Brooks Miller, Josh Moore, Barbara North,
Charlsie Patterson, Wayne Peacock, Ben Rodda, Karen
Sarao, Darwyn Siplin, Richard Stratton, David Temple,
Mike Tinney, Jason Walsh, Dave Weinstein, Kathy
Weinstein, Andrew Woodworth, Peter Woodworth and
Fred "Son of Joe" Yelk

Discuamen

Hunter: The Reckoning is a game. Like board
games, you play it around a table with friends. The
difference here is there is no board, and there may not
even be any pieces. However, it's still a game. It is not
real life. Monsters are the products of our imagina-
tions. They are not real. You are nota monster hunter.
It's that simple. If you can't distinguish reality from
fantasy, put this book down and walk away. For every-
one else, have fun.

the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Mind's Eye The-
atre, Hunter the Reckoning, Hunter Storytellers
Companion and Year of the Reckoning are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark f
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-
ters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hrtp://vww.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolfand
rec.games.frp storyteller


UNY Ch

THE RECKONING

TABLEQF CONTENTS
PROLOGUE i
INTRODUCTION i0
CHAPTER: HEHERE AND NOW (Y HEHUNY ER CONDIT 10K) 24
CHAPYER2:AWORLDOF DARKNESS (SEY TING) 48
CHAPYER3:1 HEHUNY ER'S CREED (CHARAGY ERT YPES) 60
CHAPTER4:IHAYE HEARD Y HE MESSAGE (CREAT ION & TRAITS) 18
| Ut canprenscrnenunren'sedee(Powsrs) ine
CHAPYERG:LAWSOF TY HEHUNY (RULES) ig
CHAPY ERT: OOLSOF THEHUNT (SYSTEMS) il8
CHAPYERS:YHE TRUTH (STORYTELLING) 2i4
CHAPTERS: HEENEMY (ANY AGONISTS) 256

SPILOCUE
GS we ee Es fe



Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

@a ¢ 8&8 Sm. 4

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findil!_ Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site

7Twwe tunter-net .org/home/chat html

Walnuyet

Email Program

Subject: [Griping

To: [ hunter. list@hunter-net.org *) ©

9
From: | cop90 | Meee MeSibes
Copied To: ‘|

The slope I'm climbing is slippery as an iceberg. And I guess I see just as little of it, too.
I mean, is there an end? When I was a rookie cop, I thought I was doing good when I put
ascare in kids who bought drugs. Concentrate on them and society will straighten itself out,
right? Yeah, right. As long as dealers are around, there'll always be stupid-ass kids who want
to put that shit in their bodies. So I wised up and started nabbing dealers. But dealers are
a dime a dozen. So I bust ass to make detective to make a real difference. I start catching
guys in suits who don't carry guns, but who have East German rejects who do.

After years on that beat, a divorce, a kid who self-destructed and an addiction of my
own, I'm back on my feet and about to lock up one of the worst: a guy named Pendergrass.
He drove that kid over the edge, drove me over as a result, and probably fucked me a
hundred other ways, too. So I'm standing there at his front door, a battalion of cops
behind me, showing the warrant to the butler. That's when the bottom suddenly falls out
of the ocean and I get to see the whole freaking iceberg. I guess the Messengers thought
it would be a cute time to show me the whole truth.

Pendergrass comes down the stairs — and he's already dead!


IVER: THE RECKONING

Monsters.

Nightmarish abominations of man and nature hell-bent
on murder and destruction. The malignant offspring of over-
active imaginations given form to haunt the night. Human
fears and passions made manifest to further the very terror that
birthed them. The things that go bump in the night

Humanity's fear of the unknown has inspired us to
create all manner of abominations and obscenities. Whether
it's a dark corner, a deranged mind or the next world, human
imagination has aspired to fill the void in an effort to make
sense of our existence andall its mysteries. Although science
seeks to answer our questions and make the world sensible —
to explain that monsters do not exist — the human imagina-
tion still takes us back to times past, when the dark places and
other worlds were frightening.

Persistent fear of monsters, even in this "enlightened"
age, raises the question: Is belief in creatures integral to the
human psyche? That's what science claims; "monsters" are
the results of psychoses, sexual deviancy, products of the
subconscious mind. Why else could we fear the dark places
when reason and rationality have illuminated so much?
Monsters aren't real

Or are they? Imagine a world in which creatures of the
night have lurked in the shadows from the very beginning.

4

ROOUCT IO

ow /

Thou art my battle ax and weapons of war: for
with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee
will [ destroy kingdoms;

— Jeremiah 51:20

Feeding on human fears and bodies. Playing with us like toys
in ageless, demented power struggles. Deciding human fate
and keeping us under their collective thumb or trapped in a
talon-grip. Subjecting us to their unknowable will for their
own obscene amusement.

Now stop imagining, because it's true. That's our world.
That's us. Monsters cast their shadow over our lives and chill
our very souls. We are subjected to terror, oppression and
corruption, but we never see what's real. We never know the
truth. At least... most don't.

Youstand apart from the helpless masses. You've had the
scales ripped from your eyes. You see the creatures working
their manipulations. You recognize the fetid putrescence
beneath their innocuous masks. You peer into the deepest
shadows and witness their lurid dance. You see everything.
You know the truth.

And somehow, by some unseen hand, you have been
granted the power to stop them. You have the clarity and
strength to emancipate humanity, to wrest control from the
supernatural. You have the power to finally, once and for all,
free the world.

You are a hunter.

7:8 Se eg See oe SE

cd Lill

|
|


2 Ulli past gs Ee

Svonvrstume

The book you holds the core rulebook for Hunter: The
Reckoning, a storytelling game from White Wolf Publish-
ing. With the rules in this book, you and your friends can
assume the roles of monster hunters and tell stories about
your characters' triumphs, failures, dark deeds and glimmers
of hope.

In a storytelling game, players create characters using
the rules in this book, then take those characters through
dramas and adventures called (appropriately enough) sto-
ties. Stories are told through a combination of the wishes of
the players and the directives of the Storyteller (see below).

In a lot of ways, storytelling resembles games such as
How to Host a Murder. Each player takes the role of a
character — in this case, a person who hunts monsters —and
engages in a form of improvisational theater by saying what
the hunter would say and describing what the hunter would
do. Most of this process is free form — players can have their
characters say or do whatever they like, so long as the
dialogue or actions are consistent with a character's person-
ality and abilities. However, the success of certain actions is
best determined through the use of dice and the rules pre-
sented in this book.

Whenever rules and story conflict, story wins. Use the
rules only as much — or preferably as little —as you need to
tell thrilling tales of terror, action and triumph.

Puvers AMO SronvrcLisns

Hunter is best played with a group, or troupe, of two to
six participants. Most of these people are players. They create
hunter characters — imaginary protagonists similar to ones
found in novels, cinema and comics. In each troupe, how-
ever, one person must take the role of the Storyteller. The
Storyteller does not create one primary character for herself.
Rather, she acts as a combination of director, moderator,
narrator and referee. By creating plots and conflicts from her
imagination the Storyteller invents the drama through which
the players direct their characters. The Storyteller also takes
the roles of supporting cast — both allies with whom the
characters interact and antagonists against whom the char-
acters struggle. The Storyteller invents the salient details of
the story's setting — the bars, nightclubs, businesses and
other institutions the characters frequent. The players de-
cide how their characters react to the situations in the game,
but it is the Storyteller (with the help of the rules) who
decides whether the characters actually succeed in their
endeavors and, if so, how well. Ultimately, the Storyteller is
the final authority on the events that take place in the game.

Example: Ed, Pauline, Kathy and Fred have gathered to play
Hunter. Ed, Pauline and Kathy are players: Ed plays Pete Gorzki,
an Avenger (a hunter intent on eradicating monsters); Pauline
plays Kara Reed, a Visionary (a hunter who seeks to understand
monsters' very nature); and Kathy plays Emil Patel, a Martyr (a
hunter who protects humans from monsters through personal
sacrifice). Fred is the Storyteller. He decrees that the characters

2 en eee ee

have been ambushed by pawns of the enemy, apparently by
creatures with a purpose beyond simple murder. The characters
awake to find themselves tied up on the floor of a dank basement or
warehouse. Before them looms their apparent captor, the blood-
sucker whom they've been stalking for several nights.

¢ Fred (describing the scene): Your eyes flutter open and
you immediately wish you could resume your blissful slum-
ber. Pain stabs through your head and body. You struggle to
make sense of what's going on. Your last memories are of
trailing your quarry from a nightclub and along a deserted
street. You had thought this might be an opportunity to
strike — when the tables suddenly turned on you. A gang of
punks swarmed out of nowhere and attacked the three of you.
You fought back, but your assailants' fearsome strength
quickly proved more than human, and you were subdued.

Now you're here, bound and prone on a cold, concrete
floor, blood congealing and bruises forming where baseball
bats and tire irons were used on you in all the wrong ways.
You should have known it was a trap; here's the very creature
you planned to take out, leering over your bodies. Your
efforts to shadow him may have failed — after all, here you
are — but they have clearly kept the bastard from feeding.
His skin is pallid, almost bone-white, without the rosy flush
of others' blood. His , curly, contrasting hair doesn't
warm his complexion, and neither does this gloomy place.

© Fred (again, now speaking as the monster): "Well,
well, so we're all here. I'm so pleased you could finally meet
the host after crashing the party all this time. Normally, |
would have killed you when I noticed you nights ago. But
why bother? There are so many fish in the sea, and you were

just small fry —orso thought. It wasn't till Isaw you again...
and again... that I knew something was up. You've leared
my secret. You know what I am. Impressive.

"Of course, now I have to kill you. You know too much.
But before you go, I want to know ‘how': How did you findme
out? And how were you able to keep up?"

The players may now decide what to do:

* Kathy (speaking as Emil Patel): "Oh, it wasn't difficult
once we knew what you were. Go among the soulless masses
and their king shows himself eventually."

© Ed (whispering as Pete): "Keep him talking. Ihave an
idea."

* Pauline (speaking as Kara): "Yeah, you weren't so hard
to root out. [actually walked up to you face to face weeks ago
ata club and tried to call you out. You didn't even notice me.
I was just another bag of blood. But I knew what you were."

¢ Fred (playing the bloodsucker's reaction): The
creature's lip curls back ina snarl to reveal the long canines
of a predator — a two-legged one.

Ed (describing Pete's action): I plan to cut free using
Cleave (an amazing hunter power) and try to take the thing by
surprise: "Hey asshole, have you ever seen one of us do this?"

What happens next is decided by the actions of the
players and the decisions of the Storyteller. As you can see,

=

INTRODUCTION

|
i


HUNTER THE RECKONING

each player is the arbiter of his or her own character's actions
and words. Ultimately, though, it is Fred, the Storyteller,
who determines the monster's response to the characters'
words and actions. It is Fred, speaking as the beast, who
roleplays its reaction. And it is Fred who determines whether
the characters' actions, if any, succeed or fail.

Waarls TisPtace?

The world of Hunter: The Reckoning is not our own,
though it is close enough for fearsome discomfort. Rather,
the world inhabited by hunters and monsters is like ours, but
seen through a glass darkly. Evil is palpable and ubiquitous in
this world; the end is upon us, and the whole planet teeters
on a razor's edge of tension. It is a world of darkness.
Superficially, the World of Darkness is like the "real"
world we all inhabit. The same bands are
plagues the inner city, graft and corruption infest govern-
ments, and society looks to cities for its culture. The World of
Darkness has a Statue of Liberty, an Eiffel Tower and a
McDonalds on every comer. More present there than in our
world, though, is an undercurrent of horrot — our world's ills
are all the more pronounced in the World of Darkness. Its fears

popular, violence

are more real. Its governments are more degenerate. Its ecosys-
tem dies a bit more each night. And there, monsters exist.
Many of the differences between our world and the World
of Darkness stem from these monsters: ancient and inscrutable
creatures, ghosts, zombies, bloodthirsty creatures, skinchangers,
witches and things that we cannot comprehend, things that
toy with humanity asa cat does with a trapped mouse. From the

MMT

S
SG) fe

TE Ney Ce ES, @, Sy

shadows these creatures have ruled the night and, for all time,
hidden from mankind's sight and knowledge. Thus, virtually
no one is aware of the torment to which we are subjected; to
us, hardship is simply a fact of life, not the product of super-
natural beings' machinations.

That's what hunters believed, too, before they were
awoken to the truth. Once, your life was normal, at least by
the standards you understood. You might have been married,
had kids, a tedious job. You struggled with the day to day like
everyone else, doing what you had to do to get by.

Then, without warning, someone or something opened
your eyes. One minute, you were waiting for a train. The
next, reality as you knew it collapsed all around you. A voice
like your own — but not your own — might have announced
to you, "THE SHADOWS LIVE." A destination sign might
have changed from "Making all regular stops" to "YOU
MUST MAKE THEM STOP." The smell of a vendor roast-
ing peanuts might have transmuted into the stench of rotted
flesh, blown on the stagnant tunnel wind.

It was only then that you recognized the things lurking in
the corners of the station. People, but not human. Their skin
was decayed. Ichor oozed from wounds on their bodies.
Suddenly, it was clear that they stalked this place, awaiting
lone travelers — victims. Abominations preyed upon inno-
cent people! There was nothing to do but act. For the love of
God, you had to stop them!

Nothing could ever be the same after that night. Now
youcan sce the corrupt touch of monstrosities everywhere —
at work, on the street, on the news, in church, in big business


in politics! The world you thought you knew was a trick, an
illusion. Humans aren't in charge or at the top of the food
chain. Unforgivable creatures are in control and humanity is
their plaything.
Welcome to the World of Darkness.

Gortte-Punk

‘Gothic-Punk" is perhaps the best way to describe the
physical nature of the World of Darkness. The environment
is a clashing mixture of styles and influences. The tension
caused by the juxtaposition of ethnicities, social classes and
subcultures makes the world a vibrant, albeit dangerous,
place. All these aspects are ones familiar to normal people of
the world. They've deale with them all their lives. It's the
istence of monsters and their part in the condition of
things that is unknown — until now.

"Gothic" describes the ambiance of the World of Dark-
ness. Buttressed buildings loom overhead, bedecked with
Classical columns and leering gargoyles. Residents are dwarfed
by the sheer scale of architecture, lost amid spires that seem to
grope toward Heaven in an effort to escape the physical world.
The ranks of the religious swell as mortals flock to any banner
that offers them a hope of something better in the hereafter.
Cults flourish in the underground, promising power and re-
demption. The institutions that control society are even more
staid and conservative than they are in our world. Many in
power prefer the evils of the world they know to the chaos
engendered by change. It is a divisive world of have and have-
not, rich and poor, excess and squalor.

"Punk" is the lifestyle that many denizens of the World
of Darkness adopt. In order to give their lives meaning, they
rebel, dashing themselves against the crags of power. Gangs
prowl the streets and organized crime breeds in the under-
world, all in reaction to the pointlessness of living "by the
book." Music is louder, faster, more violent, or it's hypnoti-
cally monotonous, and supported by masses who find salvation
in its escape. Speech is coarser, fashion is bolder, art is more
shocking, and technology brings it all to everyone at the
click of a button. The world is more corrupt, its people are
spiritually bankrupt and escapism often replaces hope.

Asif these conditions weren't fearful enough, the fortu-
nate — or cursed — among humanity now understand the
truth of their world: that monsters exist and control every-
thing. These few people respond to the horror in their own
ways, by their own means. Some seek salvation for mankind
and its oppressors, as the revelations with which they're
confronted surely mark the impending End. Others lash out
in a desperate effort to reclaim a world they never had. Still
others search for safe places where humanity might start
again to forge a world of its own making, for these tortured
souls understand that the decay and decline all around them
may not be their fault after all, but an unjust punishment
imposed by shadow-players.

Gothic-Punk is a mood and setting conveyed during the
course of the game. The greatest share of creating this
ambiance falls upon the Storyteller, but players should con-
sider their characters' stake in it as well. The ambiance is also
a matter of taste. Some troupes prefer more Gothic than
Punk, whereas others may want equal amounts of both

©

elements, or little of either. In the end, it's your game and you
are free to make of it what you will. Simply bear in mind that
experiencing the world is a shared endeavor, and everything
the players and Storyteller do helps make that world more
believable. Actions, settings, characters and descriptions all
convey the Gothic-Punk aesthetic.

Cres

Hunters exist all over the world, in every country,
whether the isolated or unaware among the imbued
know it or not. Yet a preponderance of them live and
carry out their self-chosen missions in cities. The
reasons are fairly clear, given a few assumptions. Hu-
man populations are most concentrated in urban
centers, rather than in the country or the wilds, where
people are few and far between. Monsters feed on and
control the masses, so it makes sense that monsters
would dwell in cities, too, whether hiding in plain sight
amid the throng or hiding in the dark places where no
one dares go.

Although cities are assumed to be monsters' dens,
there's some protection in conducting the hunt in
these places. Hunters find safety in numbers, not only
among other chosen, but among the populace as a
whole. Hunters who are imbued together or who find
each other in cities can share their abilities, pool their
resources, watch one another's backs. They form teams
that work together and play the same urban field
against the unknown. Meanwhile, monsters have
preyed upon humanity for ages and, if the stories are
true, some may be long-lived to say the least. Surely,
one mortal starts to look like every other to these
beings, much as cattle are indistinguishable at the
slaughterhouse. Thus, hunters find anonymity among
the urban defenseless, and may strike by surprise then
disappear quickly.

All of which is not to say that no hunters venture
outside cities into rural territory. Some, such as indi-
viduals who can no longer bear the truth of the world
or who seek safety for themselves and their families, go
abroad. However, there is really no safety to be found
anywhere. Monsters exist in the country and wilds,
too, and they may be more dangerous than any city-
dwelling horror. These creatures have learned to survive
in nature, where predator and prey is the dichotomy of
life. A hunter in the wilds may still have his own
powers and skills, but his opponent is a twisted force of
nature. In such a setting a hunter has no one to turn to
but himself. If such an isolated lifestyle can be sur-
vived, it quickly devolves to a furtive existence of
hiding, foraging and hiding again, like a scavenging
animal avoiding beasts of prey.

INTRODUCTION

|
|
|
|

|

y


Wary IsaHunrer!

Storytellingand roleplaying games may feature many kinds
of protagonists. In some games, players assume the roles ofheroes
ina fantasy setting or superheroes saving the world from villains'
depredations. In Hunter, appropriately enough, players assume
the personas of monster hunters — brave, determined people
who confront the supernatural — and guide these characters
through a world virtually identical to our own.

Hunters don't start out that way. They aren't born and
raised with the awareness of monsters or the capacity to fight
them. They begin as normal people who are one day confronted
with how the world really is; they're exposed to the creatures
that lurk in the shadows. Most people panic and run from such
beings, or from the very idea that such things exist (why does
science tell us there are no such things as monsters again?)
Would-be hunters are different from the majority in that they

‘Te Somer oF vn Game

Hunter: The Reckoning is one ina series of games set
in the World of Darkness. Its predecessors are in fact about
the monsters whom hunters stalk. Games including Vam-
pire: The Masquerade, Werewolf: The Apocalypse and
Mage: The Ascension allow you to play supernatural
creatures in a modern age, fighting amongst themselves
and each other, and controlling the mass of humanity.
Obviously, Hunter is the ultimate response to those games,
the chance to fight back against the monsters.

If Hunter is your first foray into the Storyteller series,
you're in luck. You approach the game unaware of the
creatures who stalk the World of Darkness, their cultures,
their powers ot their ways. You are the equivalent of your
hunter character: wide-eyed and uninitiated. Your experi-
ence with Hunter asa game iscomparable to your character's
experience with existence as a hunter. Enjoy the experi-
ence and try to maintain your distance from the other
Storyteller games. You have a unique take on Hunter that
few others in your troupe are likely to possess.

If you've played other games set in the World of
Darkness, Hunter demands something of a new ap-
proach. Your imbued character doesn't know anything
about the real world into which he is suddenly thrust.
Meanwhile, you could know a great deal. In the spirit of
the game, it's your responsibility to forget everything you
know, or at least to try to ignore it for each game session.

If you don't put your knowledge out of mind, Hunter.
really isn't any fun. The charm of the game is the fear and
wonder of the unknown. Think back to your first
roleplaying experiences, the curiosity and awe that came
with exploring fantastic otherworlds. Well, here's your
opportunity to rekindle that experience with the World
of Darkness. You just have to be willing to do it. Other-
wise, if you blurt out information your character could

gs Cn SS @, Sy

possess whatever it takes to stand and face the unknown, and
even have the bravery or temerity to act against it.

Ie seems that the doing is what in fact gives hunters full
insight into reality, into how the world is not our own.
Whereas those people who run from or turn a blind eye to the
truth will not acceptit and cannotknow it, hunters, by staying,
seeing and even fighting back, are exposed to the gamut of
reality. They learn we are not alone, yet ironically, hunters
themselves are alone with their knowledge. Instinctual fear of
the truth keeps the masses mired in ignorance. The rest of
humanity refuses to believe that the supernatural could exist,
let alone take physical form, so hunters must keep their
horrible awareness to themselves and seek to protect people

from their own closed minds. Thus, hunters band together in
small groups through which they can uncover, stalk and
perhaps even destroy the enemy — or die trying.

not know, or pursue leads that your hunter could not be
aware of, you ruin the story for everyone involved.

So, what's the most important rule you need to
know? That you are certain of nothing. If you can't remem-
ber that, don't be surprised if your Storyteller plays tricks
on you and your character, to turn your knowledge
against you and undo everything you take for granted
about the World of Darkness.

Hunter also lends itself to another kind of gamer:
You might have never played a Storyteller game before
because all that angsty-goth or save-nature crap just
turned you off. Well, here's an opportunity to do some-
thing about it. Hunters are normal people suddenly made
aware of creatures and all their melodrama, and it's
hunters' job to strike back! For the walking-dead poseur
and the bleeding-heart, tree-hugging shambling rug there
is now a shotgun blast and impressive powers with which
to back it up. Here's your chance to attack the other
Storytellers games in their very own setting. Here's your
chance to kick some ass!

Wear Tarslsy'r

Hunter: The Reckoning is not Hunters Hunted,
The Inquisition or Project Twilight Second Edition
(not, in other words, a revision of previous game supple-
ments from White Wolf). This book is about a new breed
of people who are human, but who rise above humanity
and act in its name. This game is not about government
agencies, people who operate with only guns and tech-
nology, or humans with insight into and familiarity with
the supernatural. Hunter: The Reckoning is the cosmo-
logical answer to monsters' eternal crimes and abuses, a
response that sounds on the last of the Final Nights and
on the brink of Apocalypse. It's a chance for humanity as
a whole to rise up and claim a world for itself.


Tre lweune

Hunters call their moment of realization the imbuing.
Although hunters operate alone or in isolated groups, their
efforts to find each other and spread the word make terms like
"the imbuing" common parlance, and prove that being
"chosen" is not an isolated experience.

Accounts of the imbuing vary wildly, but certain ele-
ments appear to occur for all hunters, regardless of age, sex,
race or nationality. Hunters hear voices, see distorted mes-
sages on fl ag or in newspapers, or perceive odd sounds,
smells or visions. Regardless of its form, the experience
always offers a warning of nearby danger: a booming "IT
DOES NOT LIVE," a street sign that momentarily reads
"RUN NOW," a sudden, hallucinatory image of people
strewn about a street as Death walks among them.

No source seems to be apparent for these signs and
portents, but their subject soon becomes clear. With eyes
newly opened, the awakened hunter witnesses the most
grotesque obscenity he has ever encountered —a thing not
meant to exist, a walking affront to life itself, an abhorrent
monstrosity. In that moment of clarity, a veneer erected to
hide the real world fades forever. The secret is laid bare.
The truth is revealed. There it stands in all its unholy glory:
evil personified and presented for hideous edification.
Monsters exist.

And that's only the beginning.

The Messenczrs

Among the hunters who seek out each other, whether
for safety in numbers or simply for solace in a terrifying
reality, the same questions are asked over and over: Why?
Why me? Why now? Who has done this to me? Theories
abound about why people are chosen. The end of the world
is coming, Judgment Day is here. Monsters' ongoing evil has
finally received its karmic response. Aliens have touched
humanity and revealed the truth — or are responsible for
monsters on Earth. Ultimately, no one knows for sure why
people are suddenly awoken.

However, the apparent messages or hallucinations suf-
fered at the moment of imbuing lead many to believe that
someone or something bestows this blessing or inflicts this
curse. How else could intelligible voices, legible messages
and waking dreams happen to disparate people, yet be so
similar for all?

For lack of a better theory, the Other emerges as the
prevailing answer for now. In burgeoning hunter circles —
groups that are imbued together, hunters who meet through
word of mouth, through signs left for each other or through
covert Internet communication — these beings are labeled
"Messengers" or "Heralds." What their intended message is
or for whom they convey it, if anyone, is unknown.

Certainly, the mystery of the Messengers makes them
just as frightening as the monsters to which hunters are
exposed. Yet, the imbued take comfort in the knowledge that

SS en sees Ee oo

they are still human (or so they believe), that they are not
the walking corruption that so clearly oppresses mankind.
For most hunters, that distinction is enough. Questioning
further only makes an already harsh world inhospitable and
existence itself intolerable.

Eoess e

Thus, hunters are exposed to reality and the monsters
that inhabit it. The chosen are forced to recognize the
depravity of creatures that are truly in control. But what
evidence is there that the imbued have any responsibility for
that knowledge? Why does that knowledge demand action?

For most of the imbued, the answer is simple: At the
moment of rebirth, they are granted strange abilities and
powers. At the instant they are witness to living nightmares,
the chosen are empowered with the means to respond to the
creatures before them. These amazing abilities seem to be
numerous and varied. Some allow a person to strike down a
creature. Others create chaos under cover of which the
imbued may act. Some powers grant extraordinary percep-
tion, the ability to see and recognize monsters wherever they
hide. Still others allow the imbued to heal themselves and
others miraculously.

Why else would the imbued be granted these gifts than
to react to the abominations revealed before them? Evil
's. The imbued have the power to stop it. That's what
makes them hunters. As many hunters observe, "What else
is there to know?"

Tre Huse

Awareness of monsters and heinous corruption doesn't
stop with the moment of the imbuing. A person's life is
changed forever after the moment her eyes are opened. She
sees creatures everywhere. Their influence touches and
taints everything. The reason for all the suffering and strife
in the world becomes clear. Friends' loss, families' turmoil,
society's ills — they all trace back to monsters and their
plots. How long can one witness these atrocities — deaths,
disappearances, abuses, invasions — before lashing out
against them?

Most of the chosen cannot remain quiet. They strive to
protect loved ones, friends, neighborhoods and cities from
the creatures that would control and destroy all these things.
The result is the hunt: the ongoing pursuit of creatures to
stop them, save them, understand them, outwit them or
simply destroy them.

exis

All hunters undertake their own missions against the
unknown. They have their own reasons for stalking, pre-
serving or killing. Ultimately, however, their objectives
are the same, whether they realize it or not. The cautious
hunter who devotes his life to protecting his family, and
the daring hunter who travels wherever he must to locate
and destroy both want the same thing: to start again, to
make a new place where people can be safe, to inherit the
world that they once believed their own. Whether such a

Qe ee wee te YE


— r

HUNTER: THERECKONING

goal can ever be achieved is unknown. Many imbued do not
even consider the direction of the hunt long enough to
perceive its destination; they simply survive day to day,
night to night. For others, claiming the world is the only
goal of the hunt — and it must be achieved.

Hunvsns' Foss

Monsters, monsters everywhere. Hunters' enemies are,
collectively, an enigma. Before, their existence was nothing
but folklore and fairy tales. Now, all the old stories are proved
true — more than true, even: reality. It's the "teal" world
that's make-believe. People's lives, dreams and fates have
never been their own, but are, and always have been, the
creations of obscene, invisible forces.

Although they are roused to the truth, the chosen are
still very much in the dark. They have a glimmer of what's
really out there, but they still can't see far. Whatever they
don't know they're forced to guess. Investigation and ex-
trapolation are the order of the day — and night. If creatures
exist and prey upon humanity, others could be out there that
have yet to be encountered. After all, who or what created
the ones already faced?

Left with ominous uncertainties and glaring ignorance,
hunters turn to whatever sources they can for information on
the enemy. Suddenly, old legends, folk stories and fairy tales
are fonts of wisdom. Can the walking dead show their faces
in daylight? Are shapechangers mortally afraid of silver? Is
the Church — or another religious institution —any protec-
tion, or is it as corrupt as the rest of the world? Is a restless
spirit forced to haunt only one place?

There are limitless questions, and hunters don't know
any answers for sure. They don't even know whether differ-
ent monsters exist or if they're all the same kind, each with
a different face. Are the old stories true? Can they be turned
to, trusted? Are they fiction or fact? Hunters' liveshang in the
balance.

HuwanRetavions

Being imbued and undertaking the hunt make a person
an outsider among normal, unaware people. You know and
have seen things that most cannot or will not imagine. Your
previous day-to-day life seems meaningless now; monsters
are real and must be dealt with. Yet, that very mundane,
oblivious existence is exactly what your friends, family and
coworkers still live. They can't understand the pressures and
fears that you face. They don't understand why you can't
make dates and deadlines, why you can't remember promises
oranniversaries, or even why you can't manage to turn up for
work at all. Most hunters' old lives fall apart.

So, why not preach from the mound, tell everyone the
truth and openall eyes to the creatures that plague the world?
Because other people can't understand you: They can't see

what you can. Monsters' secrecy, control and manipulation
is so thorough that the average human mind cannot encom-
pass the full scope of reality. Unless the common person is
shaken by some unseen hand, as you were, she can never stit
from her slumber.

Thus, relations with family, friends and even perfect
strangers can never be the same for hunters. Normal folk
simply cannot sympathize with your ordeal. Old acquaintan-
cesmay grow distant, disturbed, confused and even threatening.
Lovers may leave you, bosses may fire you, police may pursue
you and bankers may foreclose on your property.

Hunters learn quickly, then, that normal people have to
be left in the dark. Attempts to reveal the truth only baffle
them and make you seem addled, strange or insane. They
don't understand why you need to empty the family bank
account. They don't understand why you need to fly to
Mexico without warning. They don't understand why you
lashed out at that woman in Accounting, the one chummy
with the president. The defenseless don't understand you and
may even seek to have you committed or arrested.

And there's another, more insidious danger to preaching
to the masses. Monsters are everywhere, they have feelers
and sensors at all levels of society, government and religion.
Where monsters themselves cannot tread, they manipulate
pawns who act as their eyes and ears — normal people in
league with evil, people whom you may not recognize as the
enemy. The police could be under the sway of the walking
dead. Politicians may be possessed by spirits. Television
stations may broadcast the prepared statements of mind-
controlling demons.

If you make one peep about monsters, their existence or
their influence, the creatures might hear. Now your anonym-
ity is gone, and they know you. They realize that you can see
them. You'rea threat that must be silenced, and any confron-
tation will be on their terms, not yours. By trying to warn the
populace, you may be signing your own death warrant. And
though you may be able to dodge the enemies lethal reprisals,
what about your family or loved ones?

So, it might seem that hunters are absolutely alone
against their foes. Not so. They have each other. The imbued
can turn toone another for comfort, stability, foundation and
sympathy. Hunters know what their fellows have witnessed
and gone through, what they perceive and can do. The result,
typically, is small circles of hunters — often ones imbued at
the same horrifying scene — who work together. Personality
and motivational differences may threaten to break them
apart. ("Should all monsters be destroyed, or were some once
human and worthy of saving") But, regardless of clashes,
hunters recognize that they need cach other to survive,
whether that need unites a handful of imbued in a neighbor-
hood or hunters scattered across the world who seek out each
other through the Internet.

nan =e) Se eg Nees oe Ee


‘umouyun 3sea ay? 02 Surueaur dar 01 Ann ey

swuzai jo UoN29]]09 e st [Jee IW Avy oY pang
-uil ay Suowre asea] 38 ‘anBoyerp yons jo a]nsaa
AY ‘ssan3 on ‘aindsip 01 ‘ssnosip 02 ‘90UAIS1
-X9 Up Inoge 221094 02 padi0y aze SIAN]
{pazamsueun o8 suosanb Auew os Uayan ‘s39e
quaredde asaya yam suzay 02 9109 01 MOY ‘og
"zeaq 0 Buluq Aysnorago ued Aaya wy sI9Mod
Burypoys ase aay pur ‘sixa A}ze9]> Aayp Yyoryar
ur Aayjear Burdjuzaa v st oxy Yah puy "29%
Aayp saungeais aya inoqe 40 ‘porsmodwa pue
uayome are Aaya suosear ayy Inoge ‘41 Ut 3[o1
HYP pue POM MU srayp ‘saajaswayy anoge
ayy] Aia pueasiopun pue mouy siaUunyy

won)
"797 °d uo Ayjny pourejdxa st apoo saaUN}y
"a]qezujna Aja10s apewt aq 02 ans are sioqUNY
‘paspurordwio> aq 199 apoo ay plnoys ang
"sonyoyane 40 suaved uewny op JON "s]oquIAs
asayp Jo aoueayTuBs atp aataozad wana 10 pueas
-apun 01 w99s 10U s9op AUtIdUD ayp ‘ej Og

"uasoyp ay pur siaisuoW
umouy Jo spunosd SunUNY aya BurzUs0201 pur
yin snosaBuep Burdgauspr Joy ayqenjeaut ureu
-a1 UO! ay YOASMOP{ "PULY Atay Jo suatpo.
puy 2 zoYo Ue UT ‘suOIssNU pue SuIpuErsiapun
#198 soy Ur Uo Aprea saeurasayp asn asiy Ady
2eyp daaBe ssorUNY Ioyy "s19IUNY MO}]9} 02 seu
Bis 10 sBujuzes ‘suoRdaup se Ajjensn ‘nyyess,
uegan se Ajuounuod rou seadde sjoqunds oy 1,
"popaou usya ‘aautp se AUew seJ0 ‘aUO UL

"sol UaNM B Wedwr ued pur Apo |dwy wy
mouy sirund a4 ‘saSeur asayp Jo apeus uaag sey

Bo]ere> 10 UoBeUDUIND0P [eULIO} OU "Ey Og

3

‘tno waYp >aas pjnoys aBessou
ayy peas ue> oya auodue avy pue ‘siaqUNY a10W!
40 duo Jo UoLDAIOMd ay J9pUN st pooyoqysiau
B YP aztjoquuAs pjno> auo 16 *BdIe ay sjon
-¥od JOYPNspoo}q & IY Wea pjnos soyoUy
Spry 02 YOTYA UF Uday ayes & st Surpjing e aeya
aze>1pU! pjnoo UOd! aUQ ‘op swEsBorDId se ‘oes
-sau WOYs aUIOs KaauOD |]e ‘SuIULaW >]duns
sjoquiss asaya jo yoeg
wPIOM aU, enue] styp Jeo sraruny Aueyy
aiojoq wayp w99s 40 Jaded oy wou and Bulaey
sanau antdsap ‘apf anos ye Way Mauy NOA JI se i}
pea pue uaa ag ued pue ‘srazuny Aq poorssap.
-un Ajaaninqut aq 01 avadde suoot asay J -payonor 4
aue ajdoad uaya pauredun sry sjoquuds yo aens
-ur] quasedde ue st syt3,, saauny svyNIad ysow
ayp jo ouo sdeyog "Suruarysiy pue afuens way

JO Je ‘souaiskw pemdur spjoy Sumquy oy
3090.4} ?
WOLLONGOY.LHI Ey sa ae eee I a ;

B aavy 0} suldas


These names and labels have been coined on the clandestine
hunter-net e-mail list to facilitate communication, so that
other hunters can understand what is discussed —a monster,
a power, or the forces that create hunters — when so many
different names or descriptors can be (and are) applied.

Imbued who remain in isolation or who fail to learn that
they are not alone do not know these terms; they probably
have their own. Only introduction into any kind of fledgling
hunter society imparts this terminology, and various hunter
groups certainly use a variety of other words.

Avenger: A hunter perceived to advocate, above all
else, the extermination of the supernatural (see creed).

bait: A hunter who uses himself as a lure to provoke
confrontations with monsters.

burden, the: Humanity; particularly, people who would
rather preserve society's evils than risk change for something
better.

bystander: A person present at an imbuing who per-
ceives the supernatural but lacks the will to act against it.
Like hunters, these people recall seeing monsters thereafter,
but they lack edges or powers of their own.

creed: Rudimentary hunter groups theorize that the
imbued have certain philosophies and approaches to the
hunt that might be codified, each as a separate creed.

chosen, the: A term some hunters apply to themselves
in regard to the Heralds (see imbued).

Defender: A hunter who seems to strive to protect
certain people, places or things as much as he is driven to
eliminate monsters (see creed)

defenseless, the: Normal humans who have no idea of
the truth about the world or monsters. A similar, less
complimentary term is "the blind."

edge: Often plural; any of the fantastic and mysterious
powers of the imbued. Also called "the stuff" and "juice."

gawker: Often plural; a normal person who witnesses
hunters' edges or creatures' supernatural effects in use, yet
cannot comprehend them.

gone fishing: A label applied to hunters who abandon
the city in hopes of finding peace in the wilderness or
countryside and away from monsters.

Heralds: A name assigned to mysterious and presum-
ably plural beings believed to have empowered hunters
through the imbuing (see Messengers). In this case, the
being or beings are usually considered the agents of a greater
power, often God.

hunt, the: Hunter lifestyle in a nutshell; the pursuit,
trailing, studying and, ultimately, confronting of supernatu-
ral creatures and the unknown. Also called "the mission."

imbued, the: Hunters. People made to recognize the
world the way it really is, and the monsters that inhabit it.
Such people receive inscrutable powers, presumably with
which to oppose monsters.

Innocent: A member of a loose group of hunters be-
lieved to have an open-minded, unjaded approach to the
mission (see creed).

Judge: A hunter believed to have a discerning sense for
how tocarry out the mission and toachieve the greatest good,
at least by his own standards (see creed).

lurker: A hunter who frequents the Internet and re-
searches the supernatural, butavoids getting directly involved
in the hunt. Also called a "wannabe" or "bystander" in a
derogatory manner.

Martyr: A hunter — part of a seemingly like-minded
group — who is willing to offer herself up in the name of the
cause (see creed).

Messengers: A title assigned to forces believed to be
responsible for hunters' imbuing. Hunters of various cultures
and backgrounds have different takes on who or what the
Messengers are, but they are widely held as forces for good (or
at least not outright evil).

monster: A generality applied to all inhuman, unnatu-
ral creatures that exist in the world and prey upon humanity.
Numerous terms allude to the perceived varieties of mon-

sters: rots, invisibles, bloodsuckers, skinchangers, ghosts,
spirits, vampires, werewolves, zombies, the walking dead,
man-beasts, witches, warlocks. Also collectively called "the
enemy."

Most Dangerous Game (MDG): The hunt itself. Also,
the enemy; intelligent creatures capable of fighting back
with weapons of their own, as opposed to relatively defense-
less animals.

puppet: A human pawn of the supernatural, whether
willing or unwitting. Also called "traitor."

pylon: A normal human at the scene of hunter or
monster activity when edges or supernatural effects are
displayed (see gawkers). Also applied to normal people
present at the moment of imbuing who do not recognize or
respond to any monstrous presence. An uncomplimentary
term.

Redeemer: One of a loosely recognized type of hunter
who, for his own reasons, seeks out worth and value among
monsters rather than destroying them outright (see creed).

second sight: The ability to perceive monsters — at
least ones that attempt to hide or disguise themselves —
through force of will. Also called "the sight."

soulless, the: Humans who venerate the supernatural or
support its cause through "questionable behavior" (e.g.,
nightclub goers, new agers, goths, gang members). A highly
subjective term applied according to the user's own moral
code and belief systems. Ironically, some hunters can be
"soulless" to other hunters.

touched: To be affected or influenced by the Messen-
gers (see imbued), whether referring to another hunter ora
bystander.

en Se 2g Nees oe

id.


Visionary: A hunter who demonstrates a philosophical
attitude toward the hunt and assumes few preconceived
notions about the Heralds, monsters or the goals of the
chosen (see creed).

wacko: A hunter who pursues the mission to extremes,
whether through willingness to make profound sacrifices, to
accept human losses, or to profess unfathomable motives in
the name of the hunt.

Word, the: Hunters' implicit language of signs and
icons used to communicate simple encoded messages.

yokel: A hunter who believes in and professes the wisdom
of supernatural folktales and legends concerning monsters,
often without having tested the validity of such beliefs.

HowroUse Tits Book

This book is divided into several chapters, each of which
is designed to explore and explain a specific area of the game.
Remember, though, that in a storytelling game the most
important "chapter" is your imagination. Never let anything
in this book be a substitute for your own creativity.

Chapter 1: The Here and Now (The Hunter Condi-
tion) explores the existence of the imbued, what it's like to
learn that the world is a lie and that monsters are real.

Chapter 2: A World of Darkness (Setting) is a hunter
account of the world as it really is, and the dangers that await
everywhere, from your hometown to far-flung lands.

Chapter 3: The Hunter's Creed (Character Types)
details the seven types of hunters who stalk the shadows and
seek out the unknown.

Chapter 4: 1 Have Heard the Message (Creation &
Traits) provides rules for creating your hunter character,
plus all the qualities and ratings he has.

Chapter 5: The Hunter's Edge (Powers) offers rules for
the freakish abilities apparently granted by the Messengers.

Chapter 6: Laws of the Hunt (Rules) provides the
basic means of resolving characters' various actions.

Chapter 7: Tools of the Hunt (Systems) describes a
plethora of ways to simulate everything from gentle seduc-
tion to brutal combat.

Chapter 8: The Truth (Storytelling) tells Storytellers
how to build entertaining stories in which to involve the
characte:

Chapter 9: The Enemy (Antagonists) offers some
insights and reveals the greater unknown about monsters,
hunters' foe

Finally, the Appendices provide addenda and some
nascent hunter societies that form... and collapse.

{ve-Revion

Most Hunter games take place around a tabletop, and
the players describe what their characters say and do. How-
ever, games can also be conducted through live-action play.

eS nw Sey 428 ee fai:

2 Ulli gat gs Ee

This exciting form of gaming bears similarities to improvisa-
tional theater, in that players actually dressas their characters
and act out their characters' scenes as though they were
actors in a play. Thus, rather than saying, "My character
walks over to the table and picks up the ancient document,"
you, the player, actually get up, walk over to a properly
decorated table and pick up the "ancient document" (prob-
ably a prop created by the Storyteller — for example, a piece
of parchment that's been scorched around the edges and
"aged," with a coating of flour "dust").

A Storyteller still guides the action and directs the plot;
the Storyteller describes special features of the setting, over-
sees challenges the characters undergo, and may interrupt
the action at any time.

Live-action roleplaying does not typically use dice;
alternate systems, such as those presented in White Wolf's
Mind's Eye Theatre line of products, take the place of
dice when determining the results of challenges. Most
situations are resolved simply through acting and the
Storyteller's decisions.

Sarzcunsds

Some rules are necessary to ensure that live-action is
safe and enjoyable for all participants and onlookers. Unlike
any other rules in this book, these rules must be followed.

* No Touching: Period. All combat and physical
interaction must be handled through dice ot other abstract
systems. Players must never strike, grapple or otherwise
touch anyone during the game. It is the Storyteller's re-
sponsibility to call a time-out if one or more players get
overly rambunctious.

© No Weapons: Props such as hats, period dress and
canes are great in a live-action game. Weapons aren't.
Period. No knives, no swords and nothing that even re-
motely resembles a firearm. Don't even bring fake swords,
squirt guns, or foam-rubber weapons. If your character must

carry a "weapon," take an index card and write "gun" ot
"sword" or whatever on it; during combat challenges, present
the card to the Storyteller, who adjudicates its use in play.

© Play ina Designated Area: Live-action is meant to be
played in the home or other predetermined spot. Don't in-
volve onlookers in the game, and make sure everyone in the
area, or anyone passing through the area, understands exactly
what you're doing. A game can look disturbing, even frighten-
ing, to people who aren't aware of what's going on. Don't try
to shock or intimidate passersby; such behavior is not only
immature, it could lead to well-deserved prosecution.

© Know When to Stop: If the Storyteller calls fora time-
out or other break in the action, stop immediately. The
Storyteller remains the final arbiter ofall events in the game.
Likewise, when the game session ends, put away your cos-
tume and call it a night.

© It's Only a Game: Live-action is for having fun. If a
rival wins, if a character dies, if a plan goes awry, it's not the

x: dee Ge Wee ee, 2 es. 0 es We

ET acca]

HUNTER: YHERECKONING

end of the world. Sometimes, players like to get
together outside the game and talk about it — say, a
troupe that forms a novice hunter group gathers
to decide who or what they need to protect

or pursue most —and there's nothing wrong i
with that. But telephoning your Martyr

ally at four in the morning to ask her to join

you ona personal mission is taking things too

far. Remember, everyone's doing this to

The Bottom Line: Live-action can
be one of the richest and most satisfying.
storytelling experiences, if handled ma-
turely and responsibly. We're not kidding
about that "maturely and responsibly," folks.
tive that you treat yourself and others with utmost

care, dignity and respect. This game is emphati-
cally not about "real" stalking or fighting, nor

In live-action, you make the game, s

does it entail erotic or supernatural activities.
You are not a monster hunter, you just play
one in the game.

Source Mavsniat

There's a host of inspirational material
out there that relates to Hunter. Some of it
portrays the actual pursuit and hunting of
creatures, mundane or supernatural, and re-
veals the lengths to which predator and prey go
to survive. Other references depict World of
Darkness "denizens" in different ways, thus
allowing you to capture some of that same
flavor in your character or game.

Recommended literature in-
cludes: Dracula, by Bram Stoker,
particularly for Van Helsing's
pursuit of the infamous
vampire; Night Force, a
group of now-dated but
still insightful monster
hunters from DC Comics;
Inhuman Beings by Jerry
Jay Carroll, with its one-
man war against mysterious
creatures; In the Palm of Dark-
ness by Mayra Montero, for its
treatment of (Caribbean) zom-
bies; Tomb of Dracula, from Marvel
Comics (you know what's coming
under movies); virtually any Sherlock Holmes story
by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (Holmes would have been
the foremost monster hunter of his time); anything
with pulp-era characters such as the Shadow, Doc


Savage, the Avenger or the Spider (though campy, these
fellas battle their share of abominations).

Movies and TV. The list is endless. It includes pretty
much any horror flick that requires a weak, uninitiated
protagonist to contend with the unknown. Then again,
there are some pretty silly ones, with way-out-there heroes,
but they can still fit the bill. The Night Stalker; Lost Boys;
Fright Night; John Carpenter's Vampires; Blade Runner; Blade;
Vampire Hunter D; Kindred: The Embraced (Hey, why not?);
They Live; Night of the Living Dead (the first and no others);

In other White Wolf rulebooks, a developer's
statement usually comes at the very end, where he
explains all the trials and tribulations suffered to make
his vision a reality. We're changing that approach
because we have something different to say.

From its inception, Hunter: The Reckoning has
been created as a storytelling game about real people.
When we say "real people," we don't mean ex-Navy
als, hired assassins, one-time vampire ghouls, gov-
ermentagents, pro wrestlers or jungle explorers. When
we say "real people," we mean steelworkers, doctors,
parents, students, garbage collectors and brick layers —
you and me, and the ordinary people we know.

Hunter is not about supetheroic exploits and
guns, guns, guns. Sure, it can be, but that's not the
point. This game is about the horror of living a
mundane, everyday, blue-collar life and suddenly be-

Evil Dead/ Army of Darkness; The Silence of the Lambs; The X-
Files; From Dusk Till Dawn; and let's not forget Buffy the
Vampire Slayer in any incarnation. The Equalizer, although
not horror, regularly examined the emotional cost to itshero,
given his superior talent for killing bad people. For a great
portrayal of an everyman in the grip of an inexplicable
obsession, see the original Close Encounters of the Third Kind
(as opposed to the Special Edition).

And for ideas to keep your Hunter game as realistic,
humbling and harsh as possible, watch Deliverance.

ing confronted with a terrifying, wretched reality:
Monsters exist. We are their playthings. Whereas Sgt
Rex Hazzard might bristle with firearms in response to
that truth, everyman John Smith must face the same
creatures with only his wits, his will and whatever
courage he can muster. Hazzard's story is stupid and
boring. That guy isn't even like us; his life is two
dimensional. Smith's story, though, is plausible, trau-
matic and intriguing. We can identify with him and
play him realistically in a world gone utterly wrong.
So when you read this book and play this game,
please consider the kinds of characters and stories for
which it was created. Yeah, you can play an ex-Navy
Seal ass-kicker, but you'd be missing the point. Ask
yourself what it would be like to be asimple temp or dock
worker, instead. Your Hunter stories will be all the more
entertaining for it.

INTRODUCTION

|
|



Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

@oa o 8 &@ Am 2

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save _Preferences

HTML site: [heey

//wwa hunter-net .org/home/chat html

oO

I p Wye Ay 8
Os Haluubeiueingoees let

Email Program

Subject: [Our Purpose ]

To: [hunter.list@hunter-net.org ie)

: ie2 t
From: [cabbie22 Meee MeStayes

Copied To: [

It pisses me off. Freedom's just another word for illusion. More wool for monsters to pull
over our eyes. I'm not saying people aren't to blame for being stupid or lazy or terrible —when
we act that way, we enjoy it too much. That can't be the monsters' making too, can it? What
I hate is how we've never had a decent chance. I know plenty of good people — ones like
my father, who scraped his way from nothing to give me a chance. They try and try but never
get as far as they could or should. I get pissed when I think about how monsters — these
things that play with people like they're toys — might be the reason good people get
nowhere. So while I'm ready to bust their fucking skulls in, I just want to keep them off the
backs of the _good_ people.


TER: HE RECKONING

CHAPTER i:
THe HERE ANE
He HUNTER CONDITIO N)

ss

<i pee eee ey ee gO

=

, a a ae a

Be thou prepared, and prepare for thyself, thou,
and all thy company that are assembled unto thee, and
be thou a guard unto them.

— Ezekiel 38:7

Fron rie JouRNacor De. CartcyonYan Wyk ponytail anda dour expression. However, at the same time, saw

the decaying flesh punctuated with rotted gaps that appeared to

Ocrosee 2, i999 me with only a minor exertion. There was no flickering, no
A singular occurrence today, even by the peculiar stan- overlap — not like a double exposed photograph.

dards of my investigations. I have had a different sort of Confronting#11 insuch unplanned circumstances made

revelation, I suppose, though I hesitate to use such religiously me blurt out the question that had haunted me for so long:

charged terminology. "What are you?"

I was pursuing #11, my current subject. It drove to a #11's reply was an unpoetic "Fuck you!" and an attempt
drugstore and I waited outside, confident that it would retum —_to claw my face with its hideous nails. I recoiled, drew my
to its vehicle. In the past, #11 has been frustratingly able to _ pistol and fired.
elude me when it perceived pursuit, and I w
stay as far back from it as | could. How
commotion inside the store, I approached c

determined to Then | saw the truly extraordinary thing. A slender
when I heard a black man (Jared) who appeared to be holding a large, red-
utiously. hot metal bar in both hands lunged through the doorway and

#11 nearly ran into me as it came out the door. Inside, struck #11 from behind. A plump woman ("Leaf") and her
people were screaming, but several were pursuing it. (I later ruddy companion ("Oaken") followed him closely.
learned their names: Jared, "Leaf" and "Oaken.") True to form, #11 barely acknowledged the bullet wound

It is important for me to capture my perceptions now, _ or the blow from the glowing bar. Then it made a strange,
while they're still fresh in my mind. I saw #11, just as 1 have almost flamboyant gesture. As it did so, a peculiar, sourceless
previously seen it: asa walking corpse, with sagging pallidskin blackness seemed to flow around it like a fog of ink. Sur-
and mealy rot in its eye sockets. What soon became apparent rounded by this shadow, it raced toward its car. I fired at it
was that, at last, I was not the only person making this again and hit, as Jared shouted, "Where'd it go?"
Perception. "Don't you see it? The El Camino, that's its car!"

The creature before me resembled nothing so much assome The creature was trying to pull its keys from its pocket.
complicated optical illusion: On one level, [could make outthe Jared, slashing wildly with the bar, moved toward it. I drew a
semblance I normally beheld — a pale young man with a

natin = 708 SE eg ee eee ee


aA 2 Ge gat gs Gee

CHAPYERi:YHEHERE AND NOW

bead when Oaken yelled, "Don't shoot!" and put hishandon _Jared had seen enough. Since #11 had turned its back to him to

myarm. At the time, | assumed he was worried about me hitting assault the woman, Jared attempted to seize it. It broke his grip

Jared. #11 got its car door open and, seeing that, Jared struck at and fled, running into me in the doorway. | asked him about the

it again — a glancing blow off the creature that nonetheless glowing metal bar. Jared had no idea where itcame from. He said

shattered the car's window. #11 gave Jared a tremendous shove it felt hot, but did not burn. It "just appeared."

backward and slammed the door shut. | fired again and missed. Jared was increasingly impatient: He did not want to get
"What is that thing?" the woman demanded. out of my car to smoke, but he seemed unwilling to wait
"No time to explain," I shouted, sprintingtomyowncar quietly. Eventually, he suggested going back to the drugstore.

and continuing to fire at #11. I did not hit it. At that point, | was quite happy to part company, so I agreed.
Icould hear sirens in the distance as I got to my car. I was The police were still at the drugstore taking statements.

fumbling the keys into the ignition when [heard aknockon _Jared's eyes narrowed when he saw them. He suggested I drop

my window. Jared looked in at me with wide eyes. himat the corner. When he saw that intended to re-enter the

"You know what that thing is?" he shouted. I nodded. _store, he said, "Just be cool. Act like you're just getting some

smokes or something." In another mood I might have been

amused by him presuming to tell me how to evade unwanted
police attention. At that point I was just annoyed.

"Then I'm coming with you," he declared. With only a
moment to decide, I hit the electric lock on my car. He leapt
into the back seatand we rolled offin pursuit, leaving Leaf and
again. I drove by its residence but its car was not to be found. _ hippies" were still there. The woman was saying something

toan officer about "a badly injured man who became violent
when approached." The man had buttonholed one of the
officers and was quietly explaining that his wife had been
under a great deal of strain. I was trying to hear what was
going on, but at that point a policeman stepped in front of
me, rolled his eyes and asked, "Okay, so what's your story?
Violent robbery with lots of gunshots but nobody hurt, or the
walking dead and black dudes with flaming swords?"

Our trip gave Jared and myself an opportunity to make
our introductions, once we had calmed down somewhat
from the excitement of immediate danger. Jared informed
me that he's a bartender. Not wanting to go into the tedious
truth, [told him I wasa consulting physician. We exchanged
phone numbers and then he asked me, point blank, "What
the fuck was that rotting thing?"

Texplained that #11 appeared to conform in some ways
to the behaviors and abilities of a mythical "zombie" or
" ghost." He was quiet fora moment, then said that ifhe hadn't
geen it, he wouldn'chave believed ie: Teoncuried completely; He laughed and shook his head. Looking past him, I saw

the hippie man looking right at me. He nodded, and I nodded
subtly back.

I gave him a nonplused look and said, "Actually, I just
came to get a new TV Guide. My cat threw up on my old one."

"4
|
|

Once there was no immediate peril, Jared seemed to
rethink his previous rash courage. He asked if "the thing" was

going to come back to its house. I explained that it seemed to Ducking into the magazine aisle, I looked around. See-
4 have some attachment to the building and often stayed there ingnoone, I pulleda bill from my wallet and wrote my phone
overnight when injured. added that it did not appeartoneed umber on it. I paid for the TV Guide and paused to tie my
sleep and told him of pursuing it once for 72 hours uninter- _ Shoe as the police departed. The woman was still trying to
rupted (the time it drove to Indiana and killed those two €XPlain to them what she'd seen, and their attempts to
teenagers). He asked how it had vanished in the parking lot __Placate her were becoming increasingly brief and obviously

inal how Thad been sb leea'seeuul saad Vaid know. feigned. She followed them to the parking lot, her husband
trailingbehind. As the police drove away, approached them

I must confess that at that point I was hoping I had met
ieee Fe sie teas toaee and held out the bill.

another delver into the occult. I have long feared I was the

only one. I hypothesized that my pursuit of non-normal "I think you dropped this," I said.
creatures had allowed me to develop an immunity to their The woman gave me a hard look with squinted eyes.
peculiar abilities. If Jared was a similar researcher, that The man's glance was more open and steady, and he took
would explain his immunity as well, but it was not so. the money.

His story was this: He was in the drugstore to get a pack of "I'm Dr. Van Wyk," I said.
cigarettes (he asked to smoke in my car and complained when "I'm Oaken," he said. "This is Leaf."
I said no). Suddenly he heard a voice "like from nowhere" They left. I drove past #11's home. Still no car. I waited
saying, "It does not live." He looked and realized that the man three hours, my mind preoccupied and perplexed. I have
behind him in the cashier line was a walking corpse. Appar-__reached only two tentative conclusions: Perhaps I now see the
ently no one else in the store saw the thing, except for "those world as my quarry does, and perhaps I am no longer alone.

~~ ee ee wee lt ee, ee SE

two fat hippies." Everyone else fled when the "fight" broke out.

The woman, who was behind #1 L, asked it ifit wasall right
(apparently thinking it was injured). Itshoved heraway and the
man with her interposed himself between it and the woman.

SS ew Sees ee fo es
5 ‘= ! 2 =


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

er ee

THE TRUTH ABOUT "THE IMBUED"

My friends, we are part of the most evil,
criminal conspiracy in the history of mankind. We
are the few remaining tools of an evil regime, and
members of its broken leadership are using us to
protect themselves and increase their power.

In 1950, the CIA started Project BLUEBIRD,
aresearch project to asses the use of drugs and
hypnosis for mind control. In 1952, BLUEBIRD
was replaced by ARTICHOKE, and in 1953 it
reached its final form as MK-ULTRA. By most
accounts, the CIA never "perfected" mind con-
trol — they just learned a great deal about
altering people's perceptions and memories.

In 1954, James Jesus Angleton became the
director of counterintelligence for the CIA. He
served in that position for 20 years, and for the
great bulk of his tenure he believed that the CIA
had been severely compromised by the KGB.
Several Soviet defectors supported his suspi-
cions about a mole known only as "Sasha" — a
KGB agent who worked in the CIA — and who had
at least as much authority as Angleton himself!

At the same time, the KGB was busy inves-
tigating incidents of extrasensory perception,
telekinesis and similar "psychic" abilities. Several
sources indicate that the USSR had the coopera-
tion of Red China — and through that cooperation,
access to the largest population base on planet
Earth. Even if psychic ability is rare in nature,
even if it only happens once in a million births,
then China had a potential of 2000 natural
psychics for this research to find.

Now, | didn't use to believe in mind reading
and telekinesis and all that jazz, but then again,
\'d never seen a walking "corpse" either. The
literature on psychic abilities is full of things that
sound familiar to us, though: setting things on
fire or destroying them without touching them;
changing another person's behavior simply
through an effort of will; getting glimpses of the
future, or the past, or distant places.

Seeing what we've seen, is it so hard to
believe we're psychic? | don't think so. What is
hard to believe is that a number of psychics
would all simultaneously have their abilities kick
in — and only in the presence of some kind of
"monster." That staggers all probability.

What's more likely is that we were all
pushed to be psychic — maybe with drugs, or
training or surgery — and probably as children
or young adults. After all, the oldest known
imbued person is, what, 50 or 60? Meaning
they'd have been 10 years old when these
projects were just getting started. A mind still
young and malleable, waiting to be improved —
and indoctrinated.

For that, | believe, is what happened to us.
We were made psychic, and we were brain-
washed to ignore our powers. Released into
"normal" society, we were a legion of sleeper
agents, waiting for the proper commands to
start using our abilities on behalf of our masters.

The problem (from their point of view) was:
how to ensure loyalty and obedience? Even
MK-ULTRA never completely succeeded. They
never broke free will. They could confound our
perceptions and make us see whatever they
wanted, but they couldn't control our choices.

But really, it's not much of a challenge to
manipulate someone if you can control what
they see. Want your psychic sleeper soldier to
carry out a "hit" on a prominent businessman
with CIA ties? Simple: Just change perception.
Just make the businessman look like a mon-
ster. Your psychic soldier, overcome with
revulsion and fear, lashes out — and even if
he's killed or captured, there's no trail that
leads back to his rea/ masters.

Now that the USSR has collapsed, you've
no doubt heard people fretting about nuclear
weapons falling into the hands of terrorist
nations. But imagine you're Ivan of the KGB,
and you've got the control codes for a cadre of
American sleeper agents — citizens of the
USA, unaware of their true nature, and armed
with terrible psychic powers. What are you
going to do with them? Sell them to the highest.
bidder? Get revenge on the nation that de-
stroyed your "Communist Utopia"? Use them
to protect and enrich yourself? The mind
boggles — but this, my friends, is the truth
behind the "Messengers" and the "creatures"
we're supposed to hunt.


Ocrosen7, i999

Thave not had time to write — barely time to think —
but now my convalescence forces me to rest and gives me
opportunity for introspection.

Meeting Jared and the other two has simultaneously
reassured and troubled me. I was never disposed previously to
the explanation that I had gone mad. Ironically, only now do
I find myself considering the possibility that | am caught up
in some mass hysteria.

Ultimately, however, I feel as I always have, that my
senses are to be trusted. In the few brief days since the
drugstore encounter, I have spotted two more extranormal
subjects — human-shaped beings that do not seem to be
visible or tangible to ordinary people. I have started note-
books #12 and #13 accordingly.

Perhaps more important, Jared contacted me. Initially
he suspected that his sanity had failed (certainly a reasonable
suspicion), and he called me to reassure himself that what
he'd seen had occurred. I described for him the events at the
drugstore after we'd parted — including the policeman's
questioning me — to assure him that it had. He told me that
since then, he'd felt jumpy, restless — and he assured me that
while he was usually "chill," he constantly found his thoughts
returning to subject #11 and its house. He suggested that we
take a look.

Looking back, I find this curious. To be frank, Jared
struck me as the last type who would get involved in some
kind of crusade for knowledge or "the good of humanity."
He's your standard, unmotivated, apathetic, woolly-think-
ing drudge. Admittedly, seeing #11 in all its rotted splendor
could tend to shake a man out of his rut, but a more
"reasonable" explanation — error, hoax, drug flashback,
delirium tremens? — would surely hold greater appeal to
someone who hasastake in things being the way they appear.
Yet Jared doesn't cower back into delusion. He has chosen
the ugly truth over the comforting lie. Perhaps there's more
tohim than there appears — but if not, where did he gain this
curiosity and drive?

I picked Jared up at his home — an unkempt apartment
complex frequently mentioned in the newspaper's crime
calendar. It wasn't far from #11's lair. When we arrived, we
saw #11's vehicle in the carport. Jared immediately unlocked
his door and started to get out. It was only then that I smelled
whiskey on his breath.

"Whatare you doing?" asked. He turned to me. His eyes
were wide and bright. "I'm going to kick some ass," he said,
his voice thick but distinct. I told him not to be foolish —
that we must approach carefully. He smirked and when he
spoke again his voice was slurred — whether from drink or
from habitual bad diction, I couldn't tell.

"All right, here's what we do: I'll go ring the bell, then
runaround the side of the house. You stay way back here and
watch the door through your fuckin' binoculars. Then I'll
come back here and check with you. If the thing's there, we
can sneak in and jump it. [fit ain't, we can sneak in and wait
for it."

"Jared, I've watched it for some time. What makes you
think we can survive a direct confrontation?"

2 Bae pet gs Ses

CHAPY ERE: THEHERE AND HOW

do, that means we can. Besides, you heard that cop. I'm the
nigger with the flaming sword."

He did not wait to hear my arguments, but set off for the
door. I resigned myself to doing as he asked. As it happened,
no one answered the door by the time he came back — he
must have circled the block. I didn't see him because | was
watching for #11.

"The locks are new, but there's a broken screen in back.
We can get in."

I pointed out that if it was on foot, it was likely to return
soon. With perfect pretzel logic, Jared decided that was all
the more reason to move quickly. Unwilling to let this
novice face #11 alone, I was unwillingly drawn into the
creature's lair.

With a skill and confidence that might have disturbed
me in other circumstances, Jared got us into the house. He
staked out the front door while I watched the back, pistol in
hand. At Jared's suggestion, I had also armed myself with a
plank as a makeshift club.

Such timber scraps were scattered about the yard. The
house looked practically abandoned. I had hoped to examine
the creature's domain at length, but not to the extent that |
was willing to endanger our ambush.

Thad thought I was well hidden in the shadows of the
hallway, carefully aiming at the back door, but #11 spotted
me somehow, even through the back door's dingy window. It
immediately ducked its head and bolted toward the side of
the house. I shouted a warning to Jared, who ran toward me.
I motioned him back, but he didn't know how fast #11 could
move. There was a crash as it leapt through the window and
seized him. Jared was on the floor, his brown face darkening
#11's fingers closed around his neck. I stepped up and put
my gun to #11's head, but its hand swept up with such speed
and violence that the gun flew from my broken fingers. I
screamed, but to strike me, the creature had necessarily
released Jared. The glowing brand appeared in his hands —
and though I was there this time, I cannot clearly narrate its
formation. He drove it into #11's belly.

"Shit, if you can survive, I fuckin' can, and if both of us a

The creature leapt back, its shirtsmoldering from the heat
of Jared's mysterious weapon — but for all that, apparently
unfazed by its injuries. Jared swung att fiercely. It dodged with
preternatural speed, following up with a savage blow to Jared's
jaw. He dropped, stunned, but by then I had seized my pistol
and fired at the creature as best I could left-handed. I do not
know if I struck it or not. It closed in on me, its hands balled
into a double fist, and with one blow knocked me off my feet.
I vividly recall a distinct pop as my mandible separated from
my temporal bone.

"Who are you? Why are you tormenting me?" #11
demanded (a question which, in retrospect, strikes me as
extremely ironic given our respective positions at the time).
I just smiled, because I could see Jared stumbling to his feet
behind the creature. To cover the sounds of Jared's approach,
Iaughed. That is, I started laughing, but ended screaming as
the pain from my dislocated jaw became intense. My mirth
was real, however: Seeing the fury and consternation on
#11's face, and seeing Jared raise the blade behind him was
intensely funny to me.

SS ean eeey_228 ge fo et


ayp Jo azour mes | Moy pamauda | way J "UI 02 TUApIAa Apeare
sea yonus ef "Suoun Aydunts sem Surcp axp eyp Aes wmo Aur
ay] 29104 & preay | MOY Aysnonned pourejdxa | "womp ayp Ut
aur 911g 01 pardurne pue dn res Asdoine ue jo yafgns arp uay
of syjuow eraAas sameald jeMLUUN jo are IWOD2q
pey ] 2eyp warp po pur ‘Atpeduuds Aw passaudxa | -Aqyemeu
‘pasnyuos A[daap woyp Yo] ioasBrup oyp we wUWapIout YL
"apis ayy UO W499UOD so1uHeIa9 JUapuadaput
tue suns ayia sq o[!ya ‘st geya zaaaieym ,‘Adezaya _Yyonor,,
sdop UdxLO ‘A][eUOLIPpy "siaUsIsap aBed-qam se awoY sy
jo No JaypagoI yxom Ady], ‘saajaswayp inoge aiow apt] &
du pjor Way Jo oa ayp azaya ‘doys aayjoo ve aU apy
spaoide Aay saypury sane ssnosip 02 sapuo ut 990
2m 2eup parsons pur "arusipeu somes axp Jo jooad ajdure
pey | 2ey woyp paunsse | "suonse pentur Aasinppooyg,, su
4q yo and uaaq pey Aayp yeup poreorpur Aaup pur ‘our eT
01 Buoy os poem pey Aaup Aya payse | ,"UaxLO,, PUR Jer],
Aq paroequod seas | :o]qexeuas sow U9Ag "TYsIU oy2 SuLMp
passed wef Aus ut ssouai0s jo aBnasaa ase] ay] ja]qeyzeWoy

BST TT80199

jsatiaasAw 07 U9Ad Auaishur
¥ awidseq | aAeH{ "ow 07 SuUaddey s! ey UORLUMOJsUER
ayp pueasiopun pjoyaq | soamieas> [emeuUN ay UdAe
JOU IYI susdas I] "UT _O2 UOHsaNb s,auNI¥IID dy st MOU INO
spueas 1p ‘suorssazdutt erarur Au pead-as asnf aaey |
(401k)
"spuatiod aya 1eya ssond
qouued | "Mog [BUY oy Ieap ay se sue sIy UT UONesUas
Buy8un ve yoy oy "[ [+ YIM ay83nns ano Suunp yyy ow
pauuoyur ay Yaaamop ‘a2ed peUUOU e Ie Pajeay aaey ‘a19Aas
ssa] Yonty YBnoyp ‘saunfur s,parefAjjenra! YBN | se ysis
puodas 02 4]ajos paaruy] 10u aue syy!3 Mau Aw Apuaueddy
‘yeurdsoy v uy uada ‘sy99m Udyer aavy P[nom
weyp quod e& 02 paroidun Apeaaze aavy | ‘Aaaaoraa jo shep
¢aj & AyUO Uy "oWOY Aur paypeal am auM ay Aq poaoudun
Aiqista sea | aqnop ou aq ue azatp 404 "Apoq uMO Aur
ur Sunesado a19m sossovoad Suypeay Jesmmeuun Joaazeym pue
ules0aoQy ‘soLOIUNUEYUT-NUE ‘991 YBNomp UdAd ‘ssad0Id
Surziuose ue — aoejd our y9eq ajqipuewt ayn dod pjnos |
yetp qutod ayp 01 avef Aut paot puk jfasdur paresipow | 294m
‘gouapisaz Aw 01 42eq AAUP 01 pateucur ay MoYsWOg
payoiem ay
se U9A9 BuIpey 219M 9984 AU UO SostTU "A|qisiA BuIso]> 29m,
unys Aw wo pey pren8 983i aya aay suasuy Au UO SIND
ay "Aypareadar eustiouayd atp paasasqo aavy | uayp 2ours
ang ‘01 Buuayau sem ay YM MOUY AjVEIPIUUUEI,UPIP |
«dep Bulop Nos Moy ‘ueuT IY,
"apt 103 sada sty Uayp ‘Ut Ie Yoo]
3Y plp syavarg Surdses yexdaas sye AUC "2UOgyDoyp IYSUE
siy Uo Suruoy eworewoy aarssew e ‘ApAvay Surypeasq
*ypeq poddars 9} "spazoquooy ay uo 9yzeUL Uang pue ‘arsed
‘spreys auog ang Joy ayp UO ZurypoU sem azay ‘oUOp
sem ay udy Ah ‘9 pozuaaaid vel paoejdstp Aw ang — Apnas
20} a] qenJeA aq pjnom Apog s,aanavaz9 B Yons — wy dors 02
pata | "sa9ejd pesoaas ut 100y ayp Uo sauy [Jes Suraaeas ‘ueU
-Spoom paizuady e ay] 11 38 paddoyp pase{ pue punoas ayi 02
1} [14°80] & Sunayds sem ay ayy [ey Ur AeaU— asmearD
aya no ay se A1D apzeq s,paref sea ,;4oug ‘Nos yong,


with the same experiences till now. They were suitably im-
pressed and wished to know more.

They told me they had "seen a vision" of a dark, batlike
figure killing someone in an alley close to their home. When

them present, the attack was aborted before it had properly
begun. I asked if they had pursued or apprehended the
creature, and they answered in the negative.

Curiouser and curiouser. If 1 thought Jared was an
unlikely candidate for "delver into concealed truths," it was
only because I hadn't enjoyed a long conversation with this
pair, Jared is, at least, practical. Before our drugstore inci-
dent, I suspect he gave little thought to a larger world of
metaphysics. Leaf and Oaken, by contrast, have put a great
deal of effort into persuading themselves that a great groan-
ing load of new-age sewage is true (or potentially true).
While this gives them a framework from which to address
what they saw, I fear it is one that will almost certainly lead
them to incorrect, sentimental and highly subjective conclu-
sions. Specifically, by careful manipulation of our discussion,
I've learned that they are uncertain about the proper actions
to take regarding the unnatural. Leaf was certainly fright-
ened that #11 struck at her, but I suspect that both of them
are somewhat "soft" when it comes to the actions that will be
necessary if we ae to gain any real knowledge of these
creatures. However, I do have their e-mail addresses and
phone number, so we will be able to keep in contact should
we need to. As a courtesy, I invited them to join Jared and
myself to examine #14 in its natural "habitat" this evening,
before Jared's shift at the tavern.

‘Tue Drary or ALsERTO FERARRE

Concepcion did not look like a monster. She was
pale, even for a white woman, but her lips were
chapped, her fingernails cracked and her eyes were
uncertain and scared. If I had not seen the devil
within her, I would not have known. But I did see.
Under the gaze of Christ atop Corcovado, I have seen
the devil's imps at their work.

It took some time to gain her trust, but her
human soul was still strong — still able to battle
the evil that had been placed within her. She told
me that she had been taken by a creature who
admired her sculptures that this man had
entranced her with diabolical sorcery and forced
| her to drink his corrupting blood.

|| blood and the misery of others that drove her among
the shacks of the mountainside favelas. There, she
knew, were victims who would never be missed.
Against her will, against her judgment, against her
sense of right and wrong, she preyed upon the most.
wretched of Rio's poor. She said the hunger had made
| her a monster just like all the rest.

I was the one who told her no.

a, 2 ee pet gs Os

creatures and started my surveillance, but had not met others |

they went to the alley they actually arrived before the event, |
which played out much like their vision — save that, with ||

She also told me of the hunger — the lust for

t you're not like the rest, I said. you know what
you're doing is wrong. you still have your human

}} soul, and as long as you have that, you can repent.

|| As long as you can repent, you can be saved.

i Eventually, she agreed. =

We rented a hotel room in which to cast out her
demon. It seemed safer: Her home was known to her
kind, and I hoped to keep mine secret from their ilk.
The clerk gave me a broad wink. yes, a black man
checks into a hotel room with a white woman, surely
he thought he knew what we were about. But how
could he know about the Lord's work? How could he
know about the Kiss of Christ?

When my lips closed upon hers, I could feel the
sour, polluted blood within her — the stolen suste
nance that fed her inner demon. I pulled it, drew it in,
and as I did I felt the blood of sin transformed,
transubstantiated within my veins into the Blood of the
Lamb. The power of Christ swelled within me, filling
me with joy unsurpassed by the bliss of any mortal kiss,

The demon fought, of course. Concepcion had
insisted that I tie her to the chair for my own safety.
She was wise. Her demon cursed me and blasphemed, its
eyes were red like burning coals and its fangs cut into
her own lips, but it was no match for the power of God.
With but a word — a command backed by the power of
the Living Word — I broke its rage and left it cowering.

Concepcion looked poorly. Her cheeks were
sunken and even her lips were pale.

"Y'm hungry," she said plaintively. "you can't
know how hungry I am."

Tencouraged her to hunger and thirst for justice.

"Please," she said, then stopped.

+ I asked her if she wanted me to continue — if
her salvation by Christ was her true will Trembling,
she nodded. Eyes closed, she tilted her head back, her
mouth open slightly.

I gave her a second kiss and this one withdrew
the last traces of the corrupted blood.

When I opened my eyes, her eyes were open, too.
| Her mouth moved but no sound came.

I had hoped she would live. Christ has not given
me that power. But I have saved one soul from
damnation, and that is miracle enough for me.

(Later.)

The evening was interesting, to say the least. #14 is what
Ihave termed an "invisible" — an entity that cannot be seen
by che ordinary run of humanity. It is of the repeater type,
endlessly going through a set of motions, ad infinitum.

Initially, the others were unable to perceive #14, which
made me feel frustrated (and somewhat foolish). Then Leaf
did something unexpected: She spoke in an odd tone of
voice, "Let the light shine upon it." With exclamations of

CHAPYERi:Y HEHERE AND NOW


UN ER: THE RECKONING

surprise, both Jared and Oaken stared at #14. Even to my
eyes, the figure of the creature seemed clearer and more solid.
! This is hard to quantify, however. It could be observer error
: caused by the reactions of my fellows. I asked Leaf how she
had done it.

"I just knew," she said. "Don't you feel it? Don't you feel
the living power surrounding us right now?"

I felt nothing of the sort, but Jared narrowed his eyes,
stepped up to the creature and put his hand "upon" it —I use
the word advisedly, since invisibles also seem to be utterly
intangible. He removed his hand and it seemed that I could
see a smudgy trail in the air, as if the creature was emitting a
dim smoke at that point where Jared touched it. As it walked,
the trail spun out behind it.

"There," he said, his voice a peculiar mix of satisfaction

| and confusion. "Motherfucker won't get away from me again."
q "What do you mean, ‘get away'?" Oaken asked. "It's not
7 going anywhere or doing anything or hurting anyone."

‘ "How you so sure of that? Just ‘cause we don'tsee it doing

nothing doesn't mean it ain't doing something," Jared said.
Despite his mangled grammar, | found his comment insight-
ful and concurred.
"Indeed. Seeing only the visible tip of an iceberg, one has
no way of knowing how much ofa hazard itis to passing ships."
"Wait! What did you do to it?" Leaf asked.
"Can't you see it?" I said. Oaken rolled his eyes.
| "Here we go again," he commented. Jared smiled.

"Not much that can hide from you, is there Doc?"

"I see a smudgy, indistinct trail. Jared, what do you see?"

He frowned. "I see it clear, Doc. Trail of smoke, like sky-
writing from a plane."

1 Leaf and Oaken both asserted that they saw nothing. I
asked how they'd known how to activate these new abilities.

"Can't you feel the presence?" Leaf asked. Other than
#14, | felt nothing, of course.

"You mentioned icebergs, Doc. I think the things we've
done so far may be just the beginning," Oaken said.

There was a brief pause and then I attempted to regain
control of the proceedings. "This has been very illuminating
so far. It is my hope that we have more to learn this evening."

"Have you tried to talk with it?" Oaken asked. I assured
him that I had, many times, to no noticeable effect. I stated
my belief that it was some sort of energy residue — no more
"alive" than a painting or a motion picture.

"I've established that it takes no notice of small move-
ments," I said, putting my hand through it to demonstrate.
"However, larger motions do seem to erode or disrupt it." So
saying, I swung my arm through it hard. Leaf and Oaken gasped
as the figure distorted around my arm and reformed — but with
a slight gap in its side, trailing ragged edges of torn substance.

"Notice how its expression and actions do not change: I

1 do not think that any perception or intelligence can remain."
"How can you be sure?" Leaf asked ina whisper. "It could
be feeling everything, be aware — be as smart as you or me!
Who are you to judge?"
"We can't be sure it feels nothing — any more than we can
be sure that carrots don't have a highly evolved intellect, no
more than we can be certain that turnips don't scream telepathi-

I Ney Ce Sy

cally when pulled from the ground. We must apply Occam's
Razor and assume the simplest theory that fits the facts: If it
shows no sign of noticing, we should assume it doesn't notice."

"But it's not like a turnip," Oaken said, aggrieved. "I
mean, look at it!

"I agree, it's not like a turnip. A turnip you can see
unaided, and feel, and hold in your hand. In that, the turnip
is much more like us than this thing is.

"I don't buy it," Leaf said. "Wherever it came from,
whatever it is, it looks human. Do you honestly think it just
spontaneously occurred in nature? That it accidentally took
human form? How's Occam's Razor handle that theory?"

"I don't deny that there's almost certainly some inti-
mate connection between this image and a human being,
but there's also a connection between a human being and a
human image ona TV screen. That doesn't make them the
same thing at all."

"I won't be a party to your ‘tests.'

Iwas in a quandary, but the prospect of losing Oaken and
Leaf — who had already revealed new abilities — was clearly
a more dangerous loss than anything I was likely to gain from
#14 that night. I hung my head and played the penitent.

"I'm sorry. Maybe you're right. It's just... things like this
have tried to take my life. That thing from the drugstore nearly
killed me, and it nearly killed Jared. We know nothing about
them. You yourself saw something that was going to kill a
human being — one of your neighbors. I... I was trained as a
scientist, and my inclination is to understand things. Espe-
cially things that... that scare me. I guess my curiosity and fear
and... Idon't know, some need to exert control... I think they
got the better of me. You're right. I'm sorry."

I think they bought it. Leaf looked mollified, at least.
Oaken just looked uncomfortable. Jared simply rolled hi
eyes but kept his mouth shut. Leaf agreed to call me ifshe saw
anything unusual, and we went our separate ways. I noticed
that Leaf and Oaken loitered just enough to let Jared and
myself leave first. 1 smiled: They didn't trust me alone with
#14! On the way out, I arranged to mect Jared there after
midnight in order to complete our examination.

Ocrosmi4, i999

Oaken contacted me today as I was recovering from my
confrontation with #13 (an unlucky number indeed). He had
incredible news. It appears that the four of us are not the only
ones to come to the attention of the "living power," as Leaf
insists on calling it. Indeed, Oaken believes he has found an
online community of individuals with similar experiences.

Initially I was dubious, considering the disappointingand
misleading fruit of my own online research on "vampires" and

sts." However, Oaken and Leaf (being professionals at
using the "web") had considerably more luck.

The entry tothe site was called anonymous-liberty.com.
The site was dedicated to some libertarian claptrap about
upholding individual rights through anonymity. Fortunately
this naive philosophy meshes well with my (I suppose I
should now say "our") need for privacy.

The paranormal questions are basically a checklist of
experiences, allegedly to gather informationon the "unearthly."
Oaken answered the questionnaire honestly, but included

wa


details of our experiences with #1 1, #14 and #15. The next day
he got an invitation to join a private mailing group for "the
imbued." He also received access toa secret password-protected
website through the anonymous-liberty site.

T have filled out the questionnaire myself and eagerly
await the opportunity to exchange information with others of
similar experience. I don't believe Jared has online access, but
it will be a while before he gets out of the hospital, anyways.

Ocroseni8, i999

I "logged on" to hunter-net today. Perhaps I expected
too much, but there is a great deal of unverifiable informa-
tion there, lumped in with superstition of the rankest kind
("Men in Black," indeed!). On the other hand, I have found
confirmation of many of my own observations. Most "hunt-
ers" find that unnatural creatures seem to favor inhabited
areas, and that there seems to be a willful ignorance on the
part of witnesses. Several anecdotes support my feeling that
most people are willing to believe any coincidental or absurd
rationale, rather than accept the actions of a creature from
outside their own paradigm.

Thave also signed on to their mailing list, which asks
that you conceal your name and adopt a descriptive phrase or
word instead. I chose "doctor," of course. Leaf picked "pot-
ter." Oaken was unwilling to tell me his "nickname" — not
that it was difficult to deduce ("healer") since each ID is
followed by a number, assigned in the order in which you're
accepted. I'm Doctor! 19 — there seem to be a great number
of us! My companions are Potterl16 and Healerl15. The
most influential member seems to be Witness] (who founded
the list and built the site). I've been going through archival
messages as quickly as I reasonably can. Bookworm55 and
Hunter9 also seem to have their heads on st

A 2 Wee pat gs Os

perspective of Cop90 is also quite useful. Unfortunately, for
every well-thought-out insight there are several posts of
blather from BlueGirl76 or Mythmaster10. There are also a
few who just seem crazy — God45 is an important case in
point.

Surprisingly, a main thread of conversation has been
self-examination. Everyone seems to ask "Why us?" with the
intelligent minority asking "Why now?" The answers (as one
might expect) range from the narcissistic to the absurd to the
untestable. From what I can tell, the most popular explana-
tions are as follows.

1) Wehave been "blessed" by "angels of the Lord!" in order
to "smite the forces of evil." If this is so, God is not very picky
Not only is the list highly ecumenical (with a decent ratio of
atheists and agnostics), there are a number of respondents who
have criminal records and do not seem repentant in the least.

2) This sort of thing has been going on since the
beginning of time. The only reason we've found each other
now is that technology has provided global communications.
Superficially attractive, but the problem is that there isn't a
single "imbued" who awakened in the '60s, '70s, 80s or early
"90s. Even I seem relatively "old" among these people, given,
my experience several months ago.

3) Human psychic powers are only now becoming awak-
ened: We "imbued" are the next evolutionary step. Never
mind that any scientist could tell you that a "sudden"
movement in evolutionary time is still a thousand times
longer than all of recorded human history. A modified
version of this argument claims that modern pollutants have
somehow unlocked hidden potentials within our brains.
Again, any scientist can see that's about as likely as randomly
"discovering" that your car gets a thousand miles to the
gallon if you pour in liquid estrogen.

CHAPTER i: THEHERE AND HOW


ee ee

HUNTER: THERECKONING

=

o Email Program OB
Subject: [Rots ]
:
To:[hunter.list@hunter-net.org | ie) (©)
From:| doctorl19 | WEES e MeSShes
Copied To:| | 1
Description: Rots appear normal to ordinary sight. They are visible and tangible. They seem far lesscommon {4

than invisibles, about as common as flickers. Rots are generally pale: Even Negro rots have a pallor around their
lips and the palms of their hands.

To second sight, these beings appear as decomposing, walking corpses. Many of the rots I have seen were further
infused with some sort of black aura — as if they had oil instead of blood coursing through their veins. Some of them
had very little of this inky plasma; others were almost completely covered. Only a minority was completely free of it.

Activities: With the exception of the "unstained" rots (that is, those who lacked the inky plasma), the rots
I have observed are strictly nocturnal. They come from a wide variety of social levels, ranging from several who
appear to be quite rich, to others who seem to live a marginal, "outlaw" lifestyle. They appear to be primarily urban,
and on two occasions I have observed them feeding on human beings. This feeding takes the form of drinking
blood — in one case from the neck, in the other from the large artery along the inside of the thigh.

Threats: I have attempted to capture one of these creatures, but have not yet succeeded. After my second
attempt, they have seemed wary of me, which leads me to suspect that they are in communication with each other,
either through some sort of group consciousness or by more mundane means. They are preternaturally fast. One
of them exhibited physical strength far beyond the normal levels for a woman of her size, but others seemed to
have more "normal" physical attributes. One was able to generate some sort of "psychic screen" which shielded
him. Only through the use of second sight was I able to locate him.

Vulnerabilities: While I have not had the leisure for full experimentation, I have observed that rots are extremely
robust. While they can be struck and harmed by bullets, knives and blunt weapons, they seem far more resistant to such
trauma than humans. In my last encounter, a group of several of them were driven off by a makeshift firebomb— indeed,
one of the fleeing rots seemed deeply panicked by the sight of the flames. Ifthe germ theory (see below) is correct, this
might explain why fire frightens them more than an impact injury that can only harm small portions of their host bodies,

Theories: Obviously these creatures are the source of the persistent "vampire myths" in many cultures. That
does not, however, tell us much about their nature.

One possibility is that a biological agent causes "vampirism." After all, you and I are nothing more than a
collection of eukaryote cells. Any change to our body has a result on a cellular level, and therefore a cellular
invader could have drastic effects on our body.

A man named Waves Forest has posited the idea that prokaryote cell (cells without a nucleus; the cause of many
infectious diseases) have evolved telepathic communication. They are thus able to coordinate their activ st as
the cells which compose your body coordinate their activities through the electrical impulses of the nervous system. It's
well known that the most successful disease is that which does not kill its host, but only parasitizes it, or even helps the host.
(Nucleatedcellsmay havedeveloped when one cell invaded another, neither wasable tokill the other,andboth eventually
evolved into.a mutually beneficial harmony.) Suppose there was a disease that infused its host with paranormal speed and
resistance todamage? However, why stop there? This illness, ifitbecame sophisticated enough (anda telepathic prokaryote
cell could develop some very sophisticated structures indeed), could influence or even control the behavior of its host.

Perhaps this is the explanation for rots. Perhaps this disease is dormant in some living humans and only
becomes dominant after death. Once a badly infected person dies, his or her immune system shuts down. The
robust "rot cell" grows unchecked, invades the entire body, repairs the fatal damage and takes over. Even the brain
cells — the memory of the dead person — can be accessed. Certainly the brain (and whatever remains of the
decedent's personality) influences the behavior of the new, infected corpse.

The germ theory can explain the blood drinking. In addition to being an easily digested source of '
nourishment, human blood is full of other germs. All prokaryote cells are able to exchange genetic code in order
to acquire new abilities and immunities (this is why so many illnesses are becoming resistant to penicillin). By
draining the blood from other humans, the "rot cells" can gain new immunities.

{Es —— FL
pe i

Sid


|
|

4) As the millennium approaches, our benevolent space
brethren have given us these powers to eradicate the scourge
of demons/ negative energy beings/ malevolent space crea-
tures (take your pick). Unfortunately, this seems to be the
most reasonable explanation. It explains why it's happened so
suddenly, why there seems to be no connecting factor between
the people chosen (other than physical proximity), and it
explains why we receive little in the way of explanation.

Ironically, few seem to ask what we are supposed to do
with our supposed "edges," the abilities that we all seem to
manifest (though I have no idea of the range of those capabili-
ties beyond what I've seen demonstrated by my "colleagues")..
Members on the list seem to intuitively agree that our purpose
is to address the unnatural; we all receive our "true sight" and
edges in the face of such creatures. Yet Witness|'s apparent
audible hallucination —"Inherit the Earth" — strikesa chord
for me, despite its overt biblical overtones. What this phrase
means exactly is unclear, though of late — since my initial
encounters and then events at the drug store — I sense an
urgency to deal with the creatures I see, as if time is short. Yet
1don't yet know what I am to "inherit" beyond protecting the
world that I already know — or once did.

Ocrosm iS, 1999

Through hunter-net, I have contacted two other area
"imbued" who seem eager to work with me. "BuilderS0" and
"Cabbie22" are both local to Chicago and, more importantly,

———S

both share a dedication to the task of understanding the
paranormal. Unfortunately, itis becoming increasingly appar-
entthat Leafand Oaken donot share this passion forknowledge.
Alone, I might have been able to persuade them to see reason,
but they have fallen in with a soft-headed "new-age" faction
on the list. With "SpiritGuide48" and "Crystal23" bolstering
their sentimentality, they may be lost for good.

Unfortunate, but [have made appointments with Builder
and Cabbie to meet face to face this evening.

Ocroser 20,1999

Last night was remarkable, to say the least. Builder
(Scott Fairlane) and Cabbie (Guadalupe Droin) seem to
have much in common with Jared: specifically their "shoot/
slash/ burn first and ask questions later" attitude. While lam
pleased (and justly, I think) with my notebooks on nearly 20
of the area's paranormal inhabitants, past or present,
Guadalupe claims to have spotted upward of 50. (This could
simply be bragging. Unfortunately, she has made little effort
to keep careful track of more than a few.)

No sooner had they met Jared than he invited them to
observe #17, an invisible and our latest find. We went toward its
usual residence, but Jared spied its trail before we arrived. We
followed it through a winding path of streets. I suspect Scott and
Lupe (as she prefers to be called) were getting somewhat
exasperated, until we spotted #17 and its companions.

Oo Email Program

Subject: [Us

CHAPTER: Y HEHERE AND NOW

—

nature say about us. Like Doctor! 19, I'm hesitant to jump to the most obvious and facile conclusion —that rots, invisibles
| and flickers are "demons," "devils" and "evil spirits" — while we have been selected by "angels" to combat them.

On the other hand, the good Doctor's explanations leave some unanswered questions. The disease hypothesis explains
the rots, but does it explain the chosen? Pethaps their powers come from a benevolent infection. Where did we get ours?

A different infection is a possibility, I suppose — but then, who's patient zero? Even given the rapid mutation and
genetic transmission factors involved with prokaryote cells, the imbuing phenomenon seems far too speedy. Perhaps one
capability, or a couple, but over a dozen have been reported on this list alone. Furthermore, people seem to be getting
imbued all over the world. If it was an infection, one would expect it to start at some epicenter and spread outward.

Another theory I've heard is that these powers are the innate psychic legacies of humankind — it's just that
we've only recently begun to throw off the rot-cell-imposed shackles that kept these powers in check. Again,
however, I have to ask — why now? Why everywhere all at once?

No, the prevalence, suddenness and variety of effect argues for an outside source. This isn't something we did:
Something was done to us. On one level, the question of "why" has an obvious answer — reasoning from use shows
us that we were given these powers to contend with the rots, flickers and invisibles. But let's look, for a moment,
ata deeper why. Why do the Messengers want us to act? What's their agenda?

P'll grant that some of the creatures we've seen are clearly dangerous and inimical to humanity — but others
seem completely innocuous. Sure, seen with second sight they appear menacing and repugnant. But just remember
that that may be more a reflection of the Messengers' agenda than of these beings' true nature.

R
To: | hunter. list@hunter-net.org I) (2)
: Get
From: bookworms5 _| Meee Meseages
Copied To:( ] LH
I've followed the discussion of rots with some interest. In particular, I'm concemed with what our theoriesabout their [44

— ee a oer Sr at ee SE


want

They were amid the burned-out wreckage of what was
once a club or theater of some sort. | counted at least four
other invisibles present. My arguments for quiet observation
fell on deaf ears. Scott, Jared and Lupe were out of the car,
attacking, practically before the vehicle stopped.

The invisibles initially appeared ready to stand and
fight. One of them pointed at Scott with a wicked grin
(literally larger than humanly possible, nearly splitting its
head in two). As I watched, Scott's shirt burst into flames.
With a gesture, a second seemed to animate the ash of the
setting, forming it into anthropomorphic figures that threat-
ened Scott and Lupe. Both of them struck at these creatures,
which seemed invulnerable to their attacks — but which also
seemed unable to harm them.

Then Scott pointed at the laughing invisible and caused
some sort of effect. I don't know what it was — I perceived it
as a gas, but not one affecting normal vision. It struck the
laughing invisible, which looked terrified fora moment, then
dropped straight through the ground, leaving only some-
thing like a stain behind. The other spirits followed suit. We
were, of course, unable to follow.

I chastised my fellow hunters for their hasty actions, but
they were in no mood to hear it. Scott and Jared seemed to
think they'd won a major victory. Lupe was a bit more
sensitive when I told them that the creatures had no doubt
fled, not died, and that they now knew what we looked like.
The men wouldn't listen.

Ocrosm2i,i999

A woman named Gretchen Maggs has been arrested. The
police found her standing over the burned and butchered
remnants of a corpse. She has loudly and publicly stated that
she did it because the victim was "the walking dead," a vampire
whom she had seen drinking blood and whom she had fol-
lowed to his lair in order to attack him during daylight. The
hunter list is buzzing. Everyone wants to know if Gretchen
Maggs is one of us, or simply a lunatic with delusions that
mimic our reality. Witness] has called for a complete roll call
of everyone on the list. After initial responses were posted to
everyone, he requested that the remainder be sent to him
directly. However, many of the posts included notices such as
"Seer6, Stalker32 and MusicMan40 are all dead." Of the
nearly 120 members of the list, at least a quarter seem to be out
of the fight, permanently.

cross 22, 1999

1 was sleeping when Leaf called me. She sounded nearly
hysterical and told me to turn on WGN. I did so and was
shocked by the spectacle of our companion Jared in the news
studio, telling an anchorperson that Gretchen Maggs was
speaking the truth: that corpses walk our streets clothed in
flesh. Furthermore, he said that he had been given abilities by
a "higher power" in order to combat their "plague." I watched
in growing horror as he offered to demonstrate.

He asked the anchorperson to "give me something you
don't mind seeing wrecked — like an old chair or some-
thing." They initially brought outa steel folding chair, which
he stood by and swung at. I presume he used the glowing club
— the people on the list call effects like it "the cleaver." I

nein =. 708 Se eg eee ee

7 aol ey ee

could not see it this time (because it was broadcast on TV?).
I could see only its effect. The chair was knocked back and
skittered away across the stage. However, the camera angle
was such that it was not immediately apparent that Jared
hadn't touched it. He asked for a different chair, one that was
flammable, and a cloth-and-wood armchair was produced.
Using the cleaver, he proceeded to burn and demolish it
before the stunned eyes of the audience. He then went into
a diatribe about ghosts, the walking dead and monsters
hidden in human form.

When they returned from acommercial break, Jared was
gone from the set.

Ocrossn 23, i999

Tawoke this morning toa shower of gore. My dresser, my
rugs, my blankets and sheets were drenched with blood, and
aparticularly large gobbet of unidentifiable flesh struck me in
the face.
I cannot doubt what I saw. It was there. I felt the
stickiness, smelled the particular odor of fresh, untreated
blood, felt it congealing in my hair and on my skin. | immedi-
ately rushed into the shower. My heart rate was elevated and
my breathing was short, but I attempted to reason through a
way to clean the unaccountable mess without arousing suspi-
cion. However, my efforts of thought turned out to be fruitless.
When I returned to the bedroom, the mess had cleaned itself.
No sign of the blood and gore remained.
Perhaps it was a hallucination, but ifso it was extremely
vivid and unprovoked. I should have beheld the scene with
second sight, but in my distress I did not think to do so.
As I sit here and regain my composure, the more likely
the hallucination hypothesis becomes. As for a cause, per-
haps this is the malice of one of the paranormal creatures I
have beheld. While disturbing, I suppose I should be grateful
if this is the worst it can do.
Although... I shouldn't dismiss any possibility. Is it
possible that I am simply losing my mind? Perhaps, after
obsessively pursuing the fantastic so intensely, at such great
cost, my mind has snapped and given me a delusion of finding
what I seek?
Surely not. What of Jared and Oaken and Lupe? They
must be real. I have a VCR recording of Jared on the news —
that's not a delusion. The scars on my body from #2, #7 and
#11, those are concrete and real. At least, they seem so to me
—as real as my coffee cups and computer and reclining chair.
If these fantastic visions — the showers of blood, the
phantom figures, the glowing swords — are delusions, then
all of my world could be a delusion. Is my mind strong enough
to create such a detailed lie? Yet if I can conceive of such a
thing in the first place, who is to say it's impossible?
No. That solipsistic path is ultimately fruitless. If'm not
mad now, that sort of reasoning would certainly madden me
eventually. I must trust in the strength of my own mind and
perceptions. I have no other choice, really.
(Later.)
Jared has been arrested. His lawyer called me from the
police station and said his client had specifically asked to see
me. When pressed for details, he said that Jared had been


Mona

Here's the question: low do you Know if you're going crazy or not? There's those. questionnaires. for. olecholism
Gal drug lepeteney, Cel wat coos? rs fi bore' bolsht out of touch wth cealty MITS? By defiton «cry
Its

mind isn"! working right. But the mind is

he only instrument T've got For examining my own mind.

\Ke a one handed

man trying fo bandage a cut on his palm. My mind Keeps ripping over itself
yng 4 pola. My ' 4

SME

1) T stilt seem able to thick in a logical, orderly Fashion.

2) T dide't get any sudden shock that might have driven
me over the edge (other thao the shock of seein
hallucinations, I guess — but that's Kind of a chicKeo al
£99 question. isn't if?)

3) I had a good childhood without traumas or
woneshahgtar'aaplhas

4) No drugs, except some booze and prescription stuff
— but nothing mind altering and nothing illegal

5) T just hod o checkup, ord rothing seemed weird

to the doctor. 2%

5@

NOT SAME

1) I heard voices in my head that weres't my own
That sounds \Ke schizophrenia
_ 2) I saw Jen Salier, ond I Know she's been dead
for eight months. That sounds \iKe a hallucination or
delusions or something

3) I saw Bill Kilgowans looking \Ke a corpse. That
soueds \ke 0 hallucination foo

Ts thot the'Woy it starts? One doy, patel ey

clong iKe vormal. ond the next day you're seeing ghosts an

egpbles goppeg out of the woodwork? But things ware going

well. I'm happily married. my Kids are doing oe in school
T just got a sweetheart deal refieascing my mortgage. hy,
would T go crazy?

LePs see T que bhere ore three possibilities

1. Tin off my out, having delusiongs (Shit. evan that stuff about the good wife and the Kids could be 0 delusion!

T could be locked up in a madhbuse somewhere, I guess. Still everything seems real, except for Jen and Bill)

2. My reasoring mind ‘Pokey, but for some reason I'm perceiving things that aren't real. I thisk I read something
in Reader's Digest about some guy who was taking a business trig, and his luggage somehow got o bunch of drugs
spilled on them so that whes he put on his drug soaked ports he started to freak out I haven't token any business
trips lately, but I suppose anything's possible. I' dide't feel ary disorientation though. and the weird things I sow were
s0 — sublle. Everyfhing locKed normal and hard edged and okay. except for Jen and Bil. There was no blurring between
"normal" and "abnormal." If I was really "tripping" woulde't VERYTHING. get weird? I just don't Know. I don't even
Know anyone I could ask

3. The really scary possibility: I'm sane and what T saw was real, Buf how could it be? What" Would that mean?
That the residents of Green Lakes, Iowa. elected, what. a zombie as mayor?

But — it all seems so real. It's not ike I have any motivation for such wild ights of fancy. I don't gain anything
from it. and that's part of the point of madness, right? A retreat from reality? I don't want to retreat from reality.
I want to retreat from this horrible fantasy.

AN right. If Dm totally crazy, Il try to hide it. I'l act sane. If my mind is so impressionable, I'l try to stamp
it with the way things really are. If you have delusions of reality, they aren't really delusions, right? Maybe I'l just
gl belle on ay one T den aeKoouledge the modsess. Mee all' T got from tone fo crazy oo ny oun, Maybe

can get back on my own

Tf Tm sane but having hallucinations for some reason, that's an even better reason not to acknowledge them.
Tf this is from a chemical or something it's even more WKely to wear off on its own

Tf I'm seeing the truth... hell, that's the best argument yet for acting \Ke nothing is wrong, IF Bill Kilgowan iis
@ walking corpse. the last thing I want fo do is get his attention

Tuespy

Ny plan is working I hope. I saw Bil today coming out of the courthouse at lunch time. I said hello. te grinned,

shook my hand falked about the weather. I+ was all normal. fis hand felt a little cold, but it's autumn and he'd probably
forgotten his gloves. te looked \iKe an ordinary man io his fifties. Maybe a little pale, but we haven't had much sun
for weeks. Everyone's pale. I'm pale. I¥'s normal. I¥'s all normal.

T heard the voice ogoin todo
DOES NOT LIVE? clear as day.

and T don't thiak I was the only one. Bil was walking by our office, ond I heard "HE
looked up cod T sow hm of « corpte goin — all rffing ond fetid ond gourd. Whot'
more Belly saw it foo. I saw her staring ot him. eyes wide. I weet over to her and asked her to come he

© ne fx the

copy noche. © prachesly hod fo drag hr from har desk. I asked her what shed sean, and sh played dun, She wos

around when I saw Jen

fo cry, Turns cut she tow Jee foe, bul she dite soy enythe
Jas chat was gieg on, hel wos hopeesiog Belly vcr just
d gotten up te get caffen ce something jus

it, Jude was in the office thee too. She'

Jeo too, ond was rursing away?

clier's ghost foo, and she acted lie vothing was going on I asked her about that. and she storted
miter Fear of looking crazy. So the whole tme I was asks

og, achog We thing eas uroog. Now thet T fh abou
P before I faw Jen, Maybe she sous

Wheo I called her on it, Betty said she'd seen Jen's ghost and had seen Bill as a corpse. A first. I was relieved that

someone else had sean it. T mean. that's science. right? IF someone can verify your results. that makes something o fact

So it's o fact that Bil is o walkieg dead man

That's when I stopped being relieved. If Bill is some Kind of monster. then what am I supposed to do about it? Betty
immediately started ar! about trying to Kill him. Ooly she said "it."

I can't believe this:

jetty Smolensk, my receptionist for the lost eight years. was cally talking about how to get the

mayor alone and assassinate him. She weot to the library and photocopied a bunch of pages out of a guide for mystery writers,
é al ec hapa pg ? saat

2 book on the best ways to Kill peotle or soon Se tee me she dido't want to check it out
Bin has to be Kile

She's just taken it for granted tha
I mean, Jesus, I voted for him. I+

if might look ‘suspicious

Beth's conch gararid, She ays there's wo woy of Keowing how nary of "hen" there are or hot Sayre? up

to, I said the only one I'd seen wos Bill, but according to her, tha

doese't mean anything After all, he fooled us before.

He Fooled us for o ina] time — 90 "7 of Knowing how'long really. And he looked normal to me just yesterday. So I quess

she's right, we car't trust our aoked eyes anymore

Who else is in on it? Carl Mueller? It would make a lot of sense for Bil to

e+ the police on his side. Hell, it made

sept tran has T Tht he was human lve Ze Corl ove of Than? ht cbouf his deputies? Bit has beee speoling 6

tof of time with them lately

talking about their "antgang initiotives." But what do they really talk about behind closed doors?

Bil Fired Janet Wilkes last month. I Heri he was right at the time — Janet was always a gill, and aot much good

for the city placing department. But what

character

here wos, sonethog exh, Afferent gong on? laybe she Koew foo much?
On the other hand. Bil has to Keep his cover by doveg things 0 cormal mayor would'do

icing a lousy employee is right in

But T con't just sit around, wringing my hands. I men. this isn't right. i's oot aotural. I}'s Ike I'M sone but the WORLD

is crazy. It doesn + moKe any sense, everything is put together wrone
dA %, +t Keoud- who? q

row I have to do something but I dod

‘ow what to do.

dide + look for this, I dida't ask for this, and

Dm 52. I'm a civil servant. I haven't shot a rile since I got out of ROTC, and I have to Kill a dead thing that's

running my town? Is that if?
here do I even start?

arraigned on a drug charge after police stopped him for a
broken taillight. The attorney also said that it would be a
difficult charge to beat, "given his priors."

I'm disappointed, but not surprised. It seems that Jared
was already on parole fora drug-possession charge. The police
spotted a bag of heroin in the gap between his driver's seatand
door, the same little nook where I keep my ice scraper. It's too
late to go see him today, but I will first thing tomorrow.

Ocroes 24, i999

When | emerged from my apartment, two invisibles
were waiting for me — #17 and one of its companions from
the previous evening. It took a colossal effort of will, but I
pretended I did not see them. They followed me as I went to
the police station, even getting in my car with me.

Second sight seems to perceive no reflections, so it was
difficult to keep them in sight. Like mortals, their tendency
was to stay behind a person when following him. However,
when they saw my destination, they became highly agitated

ing
f TPs aot foie. T doe't Keow anything cboutHtid" GAN low om I supposed fo Keow ubot to do? T'a sot eves ealigous

—Iam tempted to say "amused." One gestured at me and my
hands were suddenly covered with blood.

Tewas early, but not so early that there was noone on the
street. A woman saw me walking toward the police station,
my arms ensanguined up to the elbows, and she began
screaming. I immediately ducked into an alley close to the
police station, and the two invisibles followed me

Words may fail me now. I was enraged, almost beyond
reason. The unseen creatures were tormenting me, deliber-
ately framing me in front of the police. I threw off my bloodied
gloves, seized a garbage can and flung it at — or more properly
through — one of my tormentors. He buckled and fell, then
stood with a grin and stepped through the garbage can. I swung
athim clumsily and my fist passed through him, leaving nosign
of harm. The other invisible looked frightened, but the pri-
mary one — I guess he's #18 — simply mocked me. Their
mouths moved but both were utterly silent, though they could
apparently hear each other. I saw his mouth moving, but when
he realized I couldn'thear him, he resorted to the most childish
and vulgar sort of gesturing. Livid, I was screaming at both of

natin =. 7a) SE 2g eee te

a a Sst:

a

———_p—

=)

«Mog Suryper nok aze wy,
«pauaddey Suryratuos
ang ey ams aure | "ef ur a1dy au oF pauaddey
Burypowiog "]Je 3,uIe IwYL,, :panuUOD uaYP ‘yrEaIq
pa8iex ‘Buoy & yoo ayy ,"dn ou aos pue au pomoyjo}
Bunpawos ‘qucawog jdn ras sem | Buides wh,
aiparef ‘Burdes nos ae 3y 1,

‘Spep 001 ‘ayy **-ax9Y2.J9eq Yep sem 31 ING was y>eq
ayp Ut Surypsue aas a,upjnos | "Seq ay opry oy awn
Davy 2,UpIp | 3sey AU UO aM sdoo ay] jaWT ajoys aya
dui puryag 1y3u ‘axayp yu sem ay Beq Suryory avy aueyd
02 29s eq dU Jo ano Yeas ue Ue ARS | IYSNOYp | Vay
pue ‘oq ‘ays a1] YULs v ‘]qQuIO2 Buryautos payjous |
"*puosas e asnf 10} ‘aur paddors sdoo ayy uaya 4007,

"Aue 02 wry payse pue Ajdax o1seores e 49"q 21g |

aysiu ayy
9 YIM Jed ay Ur Supowos sea azoya Yury | ‘20q,,,

‘SuIpoqa1o} nq youg sem UOHeSIaAUOD Ano ‘Udy UDA
"popaazans | ang ‘snoy ox aU Yoo af -oUoYydo}92 Aq pd
Surypeas anoge as uayp '3209g 40} aSessouL UABIN Ue Yd] |
"ar yBnosyp 24311 passed
zed ayp asnedaq Buoye apy 02 a]qeun sem ang ‘aw pamor]oj 11
‘geo Au oUt 208 | ayy "UoReMns Aw BUNx0U ‘Mata Jo Pjay
Au uy Apuaasisiod seat gy ‘a8ueyoxa step noysnory f

«cureSe uaddey a1 29] 2,u0p asnf,,
«aaBojode J, ‘saao]8 Aut
dn ypid 02 padoons } ,ssanns ssaq Japun wi] Vaya 4oeq aod
pinoys Ayjear | -IyBL a4,no4 "YB ai.noA sdeysad ang, "yo
payseq Ajaverpaurut | pue ‘sada sty pomoueu doo ay'
«puta Aur aas pjnos | Surdoy Aqjea1 sea J,
uiABYO ‘Asaz dUIOS 398 puL aWOY 08 ‘Joo,
‘aseoumop peay ‘pappou asnf |
wtadusaa rey yore
Pinoys Aj]eax no 4, ‘paystuea pey 2108 worueyd ay] "saaaajs
pure saaopa Aur uo sada sty aas pyno | ,cyny ‘wnnue vy,
"Wy Ang 02 wap Sursdaq Ayperuaus ‘sey aeyp Ie Aeon
pauuys 7 ,-wnnued e jo rg e pey J ssan8 y --[UN UY YT
duredag | Aue azow ays ‘208 | 2as0]9 aya ang "Aywyes wIY 02
y]e2 pue azay UMop awoD pjnod | aySnowp | "uleBYy "uoIssassod
Shap 10} parsaue uaag sey JaxeWA0Yg pase pudTy AU IU
ano puno} 1, ‘at] 81q v paxedaid pue yeoig daap v 4003 |

«(Wa|qoud ano' savym og,,
«clue J 9Aarfaq J, aInsodwoo Aw urequteU or parduione |
‘squids oyp yo Sununea ajqistaut pur saovuns ay oudsaq
«i Wop pawye> no, ‘ouunp J, "9oue/S e pasueyoxa doy]
«(a8 JOpun | WY, "yrearg daap v 4001 |
«Ted wajgoad atp yim auo ayp ay,nos ay] yoo] jwa]GOX4,,
"wayqord ay
2q 02 pauzaas 1eym way? payse pue slaskw powyed | [14
Jo oye snopuatiags & Yat A\ "]eatdsoy ayp ur yJashus at pasn
pey | "Uewpeut e dq paruoyuod sainBy Ar1oyAne jo yovoad
-de Ase 2} 9423, 242 — apngnye s19y3 paztusod—1 |
"youi09 ayp punose
dure> sia1yo aotjod oma way sisy Aw! YIM BuIpTeY pue warp

MON GNU 2H3H3HUTU3 LdYHD

ER a ees eS


—<—--—— Pg

|
|
|

"Last night, they took me out of my cell — the others on
the block told me that much, not meaning to — but I don't
remember it. | was away for a couple fuckin' hours!"

"You remember nothing?"

He was quiet fora moment, then he said, "I remember eyes.
Two eyes drilling into me, bigand.... and golden or something."

We were both silent fora moment, then he said, "I don't
think I can stay here, Doc."

"What do you mean, Jared?"

"I mean I got to get out."

My heart started to palpitate. "Jared, your lawyer will
certainly get you past this trumped-up charge."

"Can I trust you, Doc?"

I told him he could.

(Later.)

I woke up to screams. It was #17, who was somehow
producing loud, piercing screams from nowhere. Its mouth
wasn't moving. It was looming right in front of me when my
eyes opened, and I'm afraid I shrieked involuntarily. I tried to
strike it, but it danced back out of my reach, grinning and
giving me "the bird."

Then, I... this part is hazy, maybe still part of a dream,
but it seemed I heard a voice again, like the first time months
ago. This time it said, "SEIZE IT WITH YOUR GAZE." It
was as if | was thinking to myself, but it was not my thought.
Acthat moment, disoriented and rudely awakened, itseemed
perfectly reasonable that | could halt the creature with a
simple glare — and it worked. I will admit to a definite glow
of schadenfreude as I beheld its discomfort when it realized it
could not escape my presence. I telephoned Scott. Our
conversation, as I recall, went something like this.

"Who...? Fuck, Doc, do you know what time it is?"

"I have captured an invisible. Please come here right
away to help me deal with it."

I knew... somehow... that if | took my eyes off it, the
creature would be able to flee. Accordingly, I told Scott to
come to my bedroom window.

While I waited, I performed a few makeshift experi-
ments on #17. I hurled a candlestick at it, which passed
through its presence without apparent effect. I next helda lit
candle in the middle of its location, with no apparent effect,
other than increasing its anger and fear. As I kept it pinned,
it used its tricks — blood ran down the walls; snakes and
spiders crawled forth from the corners, leaving tiny trails on
the floor; shadows reformed themselves into figures of men-
ace. Yet I did not allow myself to be distracted. By now, |
knew they would fade when the creature departed.

The doorbell rang, but I ignored it, hoping that Scott
would remember my instructions. The ringing continued,
and then I heard another sound: a tap at my windowsill.
While still staring at #17 I fumbled the window open.

"Jesus Christ!" Scott exclaimed

"You can see my problem, I presume."

"What the fuck is it?"

"Tr's an illusion, nothing more. Do you see the invisible?"

"Yeah. Stand back, Doc." Scott stuck his hands through
the window and gestured. Once again, the roiling fog | had

seen before seemed to pour off his body toward the creature.
Since I had my eyes locked on the being, I could see the effect,
in detail. The translucent "flesh" of its body seemed to
evaporate at the touch of the gas, revealing ephemeral bone
and viscera. The creature dropped to its knees, hands clasped
in a posture of supplication. | prepared to extort a promise
from it to stay away from me, but with a curse,Scott struck
at it with the fog again. The effects upon the creature were
the same, though less dramatic. Scott collapsed. That broke
my concentration.

I looked at Scott and saw that he had fallen to the
ground. #17 raced through the door (without opening it) and
Thave not seen it since. At the moment, | was more con-
cerned with my fellow "imbued." Climbing out the window,

INTERPOL case file 0034297375
(continued)

walked for many miles to the store. You must understand,
my son, my firstborn, had been very sick. After the oil
company bought our land from the government, and the
men in government trucks came to kill us all, my husband
died. I did not have much money, and when we came to a
new place the people there did not like us. They thought
that the trouble with the army and the oil company would
follow us. We had to live in a filthy place. My son got sick.
The man from the food company said it was from eating
dirty food, and that if I bought the food in his jars, my son
would grow healthy again. So I set out, leaving my son and
daughters with my sister.

"When L arrived, there wasa longline tosee the man from
the food company, but when I saw him, suddenly my eyes were
opened. I saw that he was not a man at all, buta spirit with the
head of a jackal. I saw my dead husband standing by my side.
I could see through my husband's ghost, like a mirage on the
plains, but I could also see him, as I saw him on the night when
the men from the army trucks shot him.

[was not the only one who could see the jackal-beast.
The other women saw. Many screamed and ran. Others
fought him. Maybe I was not the only one helped by spirits of
the past, for the women who fought used magic, but the beast
from the food company was too strong. It grew large, and its
hands turned into claws like a lion. The others all died.

"You have arrested me. Why? I have killed no human
being. I have only fought the evil that would gnaw at you,
and me, and all our country. You can lock me up. What is
that to me? My home lies dead. The world is a prison to me
now. Would youkill me? I have watched my husband die and
return. I don't fear suffering or death.

"Perhaps you have been fooled into following the jack-
als, or perhaps you think you will be rewarded for your
loyalty. Either way you are a fool. The only reward they offer
is the chance to be among the last ones eaten. Pethaps they
will have usall in the end, but will fight alongside the spirits
of the past and break the creatures' jaws even as they close
on my throat."

—_ aE


A 2 Gee past gs Bw

I found him clammy and pale. His pupils were dilated, and his
pulse was irregular and thready. With a great deal of effort, I
picked him up and started toward the front door, only to
realize that I had no key. I was setting him down in the bushes
when a shadowy figure came around the corner of the house
and saw me.

"What the fuck?" it said in guttural and ill-educated tones.

I was struck dumb for a moment, as was this newcomer.
When we spoke, it was at the same moment. | asked what he
was doing on my property. He asked if I was Dr. Van Wyk.
Then we were silent before speaking simultaneously once
again. I said it was none of his business, and he said Jared had
sent him.

That was a relief. "If you're a friend of Jared's, stay with
this man. I have to open the front door."

I climbed through the window and opened the door —
after putting on my robe and putting my pistol in my pocket.
After all, I had only this stranger's word that he was from
Jared, though I must say they seemed to be of a type.

When | unlocked the door, he was standing there with
Scott slung over his shoulder like a sack of grain. | hurried
him inside, then looked around to see if the neighbors were
awake. At my request, the man carried Scott downstairs into
my clinic — a setting that seemed to make him nervous. He
asked what I did and I gave him the usual folderol about being
a clinical consultant.

A cursory examination of Scott indicated no ailment I
could identify. His heartbeat ak, blood
pressure low, temperature low. He seemed to be in shock, so
Iput his feet in the stirrups of my examination chair, lowered
his head and puta blanket on him. As I prepared a stimulant
injection, Jared's friend started to fidget.

"Uh, Doctor? I got a message from Jared. It's kind of
important."

"Indeed? Let's have it."

"Well, he's, uh, he's kind of going to break out of jail at
five this morning."

I nearly dropped the syringe.

"What? How does he plan to do that

"He said he going to use his... uh... powers." The.
man shifted his feet. "He said you an' he both have powers
and shit. That you're lik aints."

"Saints?"

"That you do miracles, an' stop evil spirits and stuff."

As I've said, he struck me as poorly educated, but even
his unshaped mind was sophisticated enough to be embar-
rassed by the explanation he'd been given.

"Jared showed me some stuff he could do, an' he was on

as slow and w

"Well, it's certainly true that Jared and I —as well as this
man — have some unusual capabilities. I'd hardly consider
myself a ‘saint."" As I said this, | gave Scott his injection.

"You gonna help him, though, right, Doc?"

"I'm not sure. His plan is ill-founded. Does he really
think he can do it?"

"He got no choice, Doc! He said he's gonna get put in
the sickroom tonight to keep the master thing away from

him, then he's gonna get out right before dawn. He thinks
they can't chase him during the day... Is that right?"
If they have as much influence with the police as he
seems to think, they may not have to pursue him in person.
He's not even armed!"

"He got the sword of faith and the strong arm of righ-
teousness! He showed me. He can do those miracles."

"We'll go." Scott interceded, his eyes now open, blood-
shot and bleary.

"Scott? What happened to you?"

He grinned a crooked grin. "When I use the death fog,

.I die a little. I thought you knew that, Doc." He turned his

head toward the other man. "What's your name?"

"I'm Jarvis — Jared's brother." I can only assume he
meant "brother" in the familial, not the colloquial sen:

"We'll take my truck," Scott ventured. "The license
plates are dirty, so no one will see 'em."

"Scott, you're in no shape to drive."

"T'll drive," Jarvis volunteered.

"Hold on a moment," I said severely. "Scott, do you
really think Jared has any chance of escape? We might just be
sticking our necks in a noose he's tied."

"I don't know," Scott said, "But I know this: He knows
where you live, where I live and where my wife and kids live.
I know that if we abandon him, we're going to be next up for
liquidation. I've watched the walking dead threaten my family.
Nothing matters to me more than stopping them — nothing.

He struggled off the table. "Let's go, Jarvis. We don't
need him." Scott's knees buckled as he said so.

"You idiot," I muttered. "Give me a moment to get my
things."

It was a half-hour drive to the police station. I found it
deeply surreal, possibly due to some self-medication. (Sleep
deprivation has only one cure, but every med student learns
a few amelioratives.) My sense of dread was oddly tempered
by the Halloween displays that seemed to gild every street. I
found myself thinking back to the premature delivery of
Rebecca's baby when they'd hoped for a Christmas child. My
early days as an intern, swapping hangover cures after ER
parties. Working the morgue on New Years. A strange time
of year, when we all worship peace by getting drunk and
killing one another. I haven't spoken to Rebecca for two
years. My niece will turn six ina few days. I have no idea what
kind of gift or card is appropriate for a six-year-old.

I've been pursuing the walking dead for what seems like
forever, but only today do I realize how much of my life has
drifted away from me.

I don't know why I'm so introspective. Perhaps the
storm of bizarre input — #17, Scott's collapse, Jared's escape
attempt — has so pummeled my brain that it's had to form
strange new synaptic connections, linking my current-day
perceptions with desires and memories left buried deep.

I'm so tired. Must remember to write a prescription for
more stimulants tomorrow. I'm almost out.

Nonetheless, I should write down what happened. Get
it while it's in my mind. Tomorrow it could all seem like a
dream. It seems like one now.

CHAPYERi:Y HEHERE AND HOW


HUNTER: THERECKONING

We arrived at the police station around 4:50. There was
§ some discussion. Jared wanted to drive. Jarvis, I mean. Scott
and I stationed ourselves in the back of his sport-utility
vehicle to be ready to help Jared in with us when we spotted
him. Scott pulled out a giant pair of bolt cutters in anticipa-
tion of Jared's handcuffs. I had bandages and a blanket.
We heard the gunshots before we saw him. Jared came
around the comerat afull run, but awkward, stumbling. He had
the cleaver in his hand and blood was pouring down his left leg.
Topened the back of the truck and shouted for him, just as two
things came around the comer. It was hard to see them in the
pre-dawn light. I think they were rots, the type with the black
mist all around them. I fired at them and struck one, but the
creature only slowed down. The second lunged at Jared and
slashed at him with its bare hands, raking his back. He stumbled
forward just as two police officers rounded the comer, guns in
hand. Viewed with second sight, both of them had black stains
that seemed to correspond to their circulatory systems.

Scott screamed a curse in a hoarse voice, and once again
shed the venomous fog from his body. It billowed about the
closest rot, and flesh visibly shriveled on its bones. Jared

A Post-Tribune Special Report

by Denise Renke

October 12, 1999

For months, an insular, secretive church has been meet-
ing on Sundays in the AEM 6 cineplex. Unlike other churches,
which engage in public evangelism, services at the Church
of Vindicated Faith are open only to members — and
membership is by invitation only.

Despite rumors about the Church, and investigation by
police officials, the management of the AEM 6 continues to
let the parishioners gather on Sunday momings. Ramona
Cisnaros, manager of the theater, defended her tenants
staunchly.

"Point me to one thing the Church has done wrong,"
Cisnaros said. As far as I'm concerned, they're model
tenants. No one's complained to me, they leave the theater
clean when they're done, and they pay their rent on time.
Maybe they don't worship like you or me, but I kind of
thought that America was based on religious freedom."

Sheriff Jonas Frankle was less sanguine about the
Church. "I've heard rumors about them," he said. "Rumors
that they're talking a lot of crazy talk, and they may be
working up to some crazy actions. They claim they're
Christians, but I've heard there's a lot of noise about "en-
emies" and "demons" and "the corrupted ones" who have to
be hunted down and "dealt with." Sure, there hasn't been a
complaint... yet. But we know who's going to that theateron

wa Puy

Inside The Church of Vindicated Faith

a Nees Cane

made a tremendous leap, catching the back of the truck.
Then the second rot was upon us. With a snarl, it leapt onto
the bumper and grabbed the back door.

Both cops opened fire. Scott was pulling Jared into the
truck and shouting at Jarvis to floor it. The rot that had
jumped onto the truck began to crawl inside. I looked at it
and shouted, "Freeze!" It hesitated for a moment, then
surged forward into the cab. Its hands were hideous claws
that sank into my face. I could feel them pierce my cheek; I
got their graveyard taste for a moment. Then Jared struck at
it with his cleaver and Scott followed suit with a blowtorch.

The flames seemed to send it into a frenzy. | didn't dare
use the pistol in such close quarters, but I grabbed a power
drill. It continued to flail wildly at Scott and Jared, but both
men grimly closed in on it. Jared grabbed its belt buckle to
pull his blade into its belly, as Scott grasped its shoulder and
put the torch to its head, I flopped onto its legs and shoved
the drill into the meat of its thigh.

When we were done, the interior ofthe truck was splashed
with blood from all of us — but as we watched, the rot's body
crumbled into dust. I turned to look at my companions.

Sunday morning, and you can be sure we'll be watching
close if they go near a family planning clinic or something."
Although no formal charges have been leveled against
the Church itself, two of its members have been arrested for 4
violating stalker laws. Both pled no contest. W

It's likely that a criminal could be found in any congre-
gation — but when two members of a tiny house of worship
are arrested for the same crime within three months, tongues
are bound to wag. The Church has always been extremely
private — in some cases aggressively so.

This morning, I became the first outsider to witness a
meeting of the Church of Vindicated Faith.

It wasn't easy: People were posted at both the interior
doors to the theater and outside the exit doors. Even the
entrances to the theater as a whole were patrolled. 1, however,
got into the building before church members arrived. A
former employee had told me about a utility access above the
theater's drop ceiling, and it-was there that J waited for
services to begin.

The catwalk was wide, but only three feet high (It's used
for repairing the theater sound system). | had to crawl, and
with every inch I could hear the supports shift and groan
slightly. The only light was what came up in shafts from
below, shining through cracks in their ceiling — my floor.


There seemed to bea lot of cracks, which is nota comforting
thought when you're two stories up.

Pressing my eye to one of the largest cracks, I could see
a segment of one aisle, plus some of the worshippers.
Unlike many churches, most of the people were right up
front, There was no music, no hymns, and only one brief
reading — Job 29 and 30. I never saw the leader of the
service, but his voice was loud, deep and powerful with
unconditional belief.

After the reading, the leader asked for any new mem-
bers to step forward and present themselves. There were
two — a woman and a man. Hesitantly, they came toward
the front. Compared to the leader's voice, theirs sounded
weak and hesitant. They said their names were Bob and
Mary Anne.

"Our boy," the woman said. "He's hurt — it's bad.
He's in the hospital, and he won't wake up. The doctors
have looked athim and done everything, and they say all we
can do is wait."

There was an awkward silence, and then the man
added, "He got hit by a car."

"I can heal your boy." This was a new voice — a
woman's voice, high and clear and piercing, but with a note
of warmth and pity.

It's as she says." This was the leader again. "The
injuries of the body are nothing to us, who have heard the
voices of angels and are charged with healing the spirit of
the world. We can — if you have faith. Christ the Son gave
his body to save us. Are you, as parents, willing to give your
souls to save your child?"

The couple didn't answer. They were up front, where
I couldn't see them, but I could watch as the other church
members leaned forward in their seats. It was almost like
they were watching a movie.

"Have no doubt, the miracle you seek can be yours. No
injury is beyond the power of the visible faith — but we will
not cast our pearls before swine. You must pay for the
health of your son, and the price will be hard."
Something about his voice, so arrogant, so utterly
convinced, sent chills through my whole body.

"But do not fear! Our God is loving and merciful. The
path is hard, but not cruel. The price is not something to fear,

<at

ie

NN

but something to embrace! I ask you to give your soul — but
to give it to a righteous God, a God of salvation and purity!"

The church members were beginning to sway in their seats.

"Now is no time to doubt! Satan has arisen to annihilate
the world! Beasts walk our streets in human form, while
angels arm the just to destroy the adversary! The pleasing
masks of the devil's minions crumble, and graves gape wide,
testifying to the coming Judgment Day!"

His voice suddenly dropped, but was no less audible.

"We can save your boy, but we will not save his life only

* to watch his soul be damned. The war of Good against Evil
is fast approaching, and we ask you to save yourself by
joining the right side. Say you will, say you are God's
soldicrs, and salvation can be yours. Reject it — and your
boy's suffering now will be only a shadow of your torment in
the afterlife."

"Someone is watching us!"

This third voice was flat, nasal and cold. Itwas not loud, but
once it was heard the leader fell silent, and the congregation
followed suit immediately. From my perch I watched as a man
wearing coveralls and tinted glasses walked slowly up the aisle.
Hestopped directly beneath me, and his head tilted straight back.
Iwas peering through a crack that was a half-inch wide at most,
yet I felt like he was looking directly into my eyes.

"Is it one of them? One of the devil's spawn?" One of the
members had stood and drawn a gun from his coat. It was one
of the few things that could have pulled my eyes away from
the man below me. I was terrified —- too frightened to even
move.

"No. It's human." When the cold-voiced man spoke, I let
out a long breath | hadn't been aware I was holding. | felt
somehow that I had just been judged.

"Put that gun away, you idiot!" This was a woman's voice.

"Whoever it is, we want him alive." This was the first
speaker. At his words, the congregation stood and began
running up the aisles. | started back the way I'd come,
bruising my knees on the metal catwalk. It was me they
wanted alive, and / wanted to stay that way, too. The leader
spoke the last words I heard said by any member of the
Church of Vindicated Faith.

"Bob, Mary Anne — you have a chance to prove
yourselves." ‘

CHAPYERE THEHERE AND NOW


|
|
|
!
|

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Scott had arterial bleeding from a gargantuan bite to his
neck. So much blood was spurting out of his jugular that the
deep gouges on his chest were barely bleeding. | applied direct
pressure, but it was no good. He died within a minute. I think
he was trying to say something, but I'll never know what it was.

Jared had been raked across the back, had been shot in the
back of his leg, and both his wrists were bleeding. He had a
handcuff bracelet on each wrist, but the chain between was
broken. He must have broken the handcuffs somehow, cutting
his skin in the process. The leg wound was bad; the bullet had
broken his femur. He'd kept running on it somehow, com-
pounding the fracture. I started applying a tourniquet when I
saw flashing lights behind us, and heard sirens.

"He gonna live?" Jarvis yelled over his shoulder as he
raced through the graying dawn.

"I don't know — he needs a hospital."

"I ain't going," Jared moaned. | jumped, startled. I'd
assumed he was comatose. "Doc, we gotta... go back to the
police station."

"That's insane! You're in critical condition!

"You got that clinic, right? You can fix me up, right?"

"No, Jared—"

"Doc, if he goes to the hospital we go down with him,"
Jarvis proclaimed. Then he swore and wrenched the wheel
around, taking us through a wooden fence and across a lawn.
I think that's when the cops lost us.

"Doe, I put the trail on it — on the master! I can find
him, just get me healed up!" Jared's eyes were wide, pleading.
"Doc, you gotta save me!"

"Pm not a fucking miracle worker!"

His face was slick with blood and shiny with sweat. His
crooked teeth were glaring white in a grimace or a smile.

"But you are, Doc. We all are."

Those were the dying words of Jared Shoemaker.

Asarule, I try not tocurse. I consider swearing distasteful.
But I swore constantly as I shoved Scott up toward the front
seat. Jarvis was hysterical. I told him to stop at the top of a hill
and jump out. I had to scream at him that Jared was dead, but
we could still save ourselves. As I spoke, | emptied the gas tank
of Scott's chain saw all over the back of the truck.

Jarvis did as I said. We jumped out and the truck coasted
downhill intoa lamppost. After the crash I had toset it on fire
myself while Jarvis ran away. I think he'll be okay. He wasn't
injured.

A man who came out of a house in response to all the
noise found my gun pointed at his face. I was lucky. The
highway was very close. I had him drive me a few exits west
before we pulled over and I made him get out and give me his
coat. Underneath, he was still in his pajamas. Hope the poor
man doesn't catch pneumonia. I pointed the gun and he
started running. Then I got back in the car and headed east.
Itook an exitat random, wiped the steering wheel and started
walking. Aftera few blocks, I founda bus stop. | bandaged my
torn face as well as I could, then pulled my scarf over it. By the
time a few early commuters showed up, castial examination
would have revealed a tired old man tightly bundled in an

a Nees Cae Sy

overcoat against the morning cold. I don't think anyone
even looked.

cross 26, i999

My face is not healing ar the accelerated rate that I've
come to expect. That'sa problem: I was relying on having an
unmarked visage to show police if they accused me of the
carjacking. It's my hope that the victim will be unable to give
acoherent report. After all, he was seized and menaced by a
blood-soaked man in the early morning. That's not condu-
cive to accurate reporting.

Everything seems to be crumbling. Yesterday I discov-
ered I'd been banned from the hunter list. I asked Lupe what
was going on. She said she didn't want to talk about it on the
phone. When I metherafter work, she gave mea curious look.
It had already been an exasperating day. I'd seen not one, but
two stage magicians on daytime TV duplicating Jared's tele-
vised feats with standard stage legerdemain. Both programs
made much of his criminal past and spectacular escape.
Neither bothered to say that he had neither the experience
nor the resources to create such elaborate illusions. Neither
mentioned that he had never even been suspected of fraud
before. No, it was all convenient tripe about PCP giving him
the strength to break his handcuffs, and police being intimi-
dated by mass hysteria. I'm surprised they didn't work swamp
gas and a weather balloon into the story as well.

As for Scott, he has been slandered wickedly. I won't
even repeat what they wrote about him. Scott's, however, is
not the only savaged reputation. After looking at me closely,
Lupe asked, "Is it true?" I naturally asked her what "it" was.

"The list said you're nota real doctor. It said you lost your
license for experimenting on corpses, and that you work as a
back-alley abortionist now. How much of that is true, Doc?"

Te was difficult to know how to play it. With aname like
"Guadalupe," it was likely that she was a Catholic of the
most superstitious stripe. On the other hand, I've done more
than one D&C on a devout Hispanic Catholic.

Icouldn't read her, so I decided to gamble on the truth.

"Yes, I perform abortions. But before you picture me
wickedly grinning over my bent coat hanger, let me assure
you that I use safe, sterile procedures. | will not abort in the
third trimester. And | retain my medical license. | was
censured by the AMA, that is true. No hospital will hire me.
But that doesn't mean I'm an unqualified butcher or some
sort of pill-pushing ‘Doctor Feelgood."

She narrowed her lips and turned her head. Then she
asked if I knew what happened to Scott.

I couldn't risk alienating her further, so I said I did not
know.

(Later.)

Itried calling Leaf and Oaken. Leaf hung up on me after
spitting out some venomous claptrap about how she "always
knew I was a patriarchal wannabe, objectifying the bodies of
women into baby machines, fit to be switched on and off at
will." Oaken called me back about a half-hour later. Whathe
said was far more coherent, but no more reassuring.

"Doc, I think the list is falling apart."

"What do you mean?"

en Oe 2g eee oe Ee

wa


"Witness] kicked a bunch of people off the list — not
just you, but Bookworm and Hunter, too. Bookworm'sstarted
his own list, and there's a guy on it claiming he's the original
Witness — that someone's taken over the list and is keeping
him off it somehow. All kinds of accusations are flying
around — that so-and-so set this other person up to die
assaulting some creature habitat, that the... the whatever
they were... were warned, you know?"

_ cece ee

Dearest Brad,

and my apology.
I'm sorry because I knew thal was going to die— to
(084 for months. And I'n sony bese, though you don't
Butfirse chings first. _
Inever told you this, but I considered
I planned tw drive of the road so it would look like an
todo just that. Youspilled your drink on me, and you thou

You apologized. We talked. By the end of the eve

thing that ever happened to me.

monsters.

been kifing moraters.

you whae Ihave become, | cox

I douk Pl live to sce moming. Tonight's kind of a nal:
5, Ie started in July when my car wa

now what goeson there. In any

the bus kept pace withit for amoment. The su

n the

When tslanced bs

horritle. That's

for the boy. Then, in that impos

ly long moment, Ir

ly suspect I somehow made contact wi

wisdom and wapons.

though, and they hideamong us. My id gu

7

NN

have known how close I was to ending it all at that moment.

| was bom again. You were the first person I
honest with, and with whom I could be mysel Even shough tended upcosting me iy wie and family, mectnn ee
i twas the

I've written and deleted that sentence 20 times. I've tried
somethin easicr, but less true In the end, I've decided | wan'® !Ea¥€ the world honestly and it comes down to these wort lve

ont have that luxury. T

of on thelimo was open
ray sideof the bux. I temember that the boy looked very young. | was dist
Thad new eyes. Time seemed to slow down and | saw things t

I saw the "John." Though I would have figuratively described pin.
allen sayefhis appearance. saw the monster ope

A thane

back my whole life. When I saw the "monster," #8 fice memory_— cha id guardian — came to the forefront of wey:

dian seemed to activa

The monstes and fought. (I know that makes you laugh—1o think ofr
it) ewas cold. Mrskin crawls at the thought even now. Killing t was the mot

Thad an ugly memory of Jared saying that something had
hidden right in hiscar, unobserved. I thought of the invisibles
that had come and gone in my home as they pleased, pausing
only to torment me. What does a computer network rely on?
Only passwords typed at a keyboard. Surely that was no great
obstacle to unseen beings.

Irelayed my fears to Oaken. He told me how to get in
touch with Bookworm's list, but we both agreed that any

Vm dead now. My executors gave you the key my safety deposicbox. Along with this eter, youhave some money, ike IDs

hortibly — and I didn' tell you. I'm sory because
know i yet, I've ruined your life. eberalog

ING MYself many times to keg my family safe
sy mete ery fly safe from the auth about ny omni,

we met at that bar, I wastrying work up the courage
ined MY Jacket, You couldn't posshly

When I left Gloria, Iswore I would never lie to you the way I lied to her. I see now thar was only wih. chinking. We both
secretly keow that ourrelarionship i asbeen shrouded inhalfraths—-Ihave been livinganother life that youlnowsorhingabenr
Thete was no grant for my studies. There was no lecture circuit. I've been away s much lately because I've bea, ‘tilling

approach I

‘ink of and I've considered telling you

With tharstatemenc] will liveforever in yourmemory asa madman, Maybe, maybe: ifThad an entire book todedicateto tellin,
‘convince you otherwise. But I dk n

feason [am writing this sow is thar

was comming home late on the bus. We had just turned onto Sth Avenue. You

saw a boy get into limousine

half-block up the street. The car pulled into trafic and

1d I glanced inside ay did several of o
ot slancad irl eral of otherpeople on

nlyamoment before
' fg ae fordirne ac way literally, Hi
» hismouth. I saw what he had fee ceeth. And sa

x choice tent

noaster befor

ed ings inrcligious terms. ow it's Imporsatforyeutoelleve |

primal ect of myself, asif my id had been silently stan4"8
a

This sounds ridiculous, but I've come to believe there was a time if our past when humans competed with another spec! 4
es.
Ubelieve we won thatwar, bur the skills we used atrophied and remained dormant in only some of

Some of the enemysurvived
offered me option'.

¢ when {saw one of these cre

Regacdless of the "whys," Imade my choice andtan to the front of thie bus. | grabbed the wheel and forced the bus smash

iv anger. You worulda'e have believe!
Jone, but thats wha 1d

raising my hard
eifying thing Jee

J wasn't arrested and there was nothing in the news. | have theories out all that bur, like I said, tithe is short.

oe in danger. Use the fake IDs to get away. I wish I could

Tknow you don't love me, Brad — not realy. You used me © ge'
your intentions, gave mex better life as well. We used each other.

Hove you Bead i il yoaspisl ewe dink ogy ae

into che Vinousine.
Teventually fourd ochers like myself. We've been digging deeper into the n
bros rather young ard weak compared to the eehers. There's going eo be afinal fi

hat spawned ehat first monster. As it happens,
nt tonight. If] die and they identify me, youll

= left you more money, but I've spent allthe reston this.

but I don't mind. Your presence, regardles of

8 ee =
_——————

CHAPTER: THEHERE AND NOW

_ eg ee weed at ee, ee

HUNTER: THERECKONING

|

\

information from either list should be considered witha grain
of salt.

Lasked him if we could meet face to face, and he said he
didn't think so. | asked him if it was Leaf. Although he didn't
say specifically, I have no doubt that she was the barrier
between us.

Damn.

Ocrosen 28, i999

When I came home today there were at least eight
invisibles waiting for me. A few held placards. One read,
"Help me find my baby!" Another was, "I cannot rest until
I'm forgiven." I tried to pretend | didn't see them, but they
swarmed around me, shoving their pathetic signs and griev-
ing visages in my face. It was more than I could take. I
scteamed, grabbed the fireplace poker and swung it wildly,

"striking" several, and then fled for my car. Luckily, none of
them got in with me. I started the engine and just drove.

I don't know what I'm going to do. All the "imbued" I
know are either dead or have sworn off my company, perma-
nently. My house is infested with ghosts I cannot personally
harm. I've broken some serious laws and have nothing to
show for it but an agonizing facial injury — that and the
knowledge that the unnatural is far more powerful and
pervasive than I had ever dared to fear.

My impulse is to run to Rebecca. I have been.alone for
so long. What's that old saying? "Family means that they
have to take you back"?

But she'd never believe me without proof — and if the
invisibles follow me to her, she would have no defense.

If that's the price of proof, and of some momentary
comfort, then it is too high.

No. I won't be home for the holidays.

%
Lu a Nees ee


CHAPYERi:Y HEHERE AND NOW

The Journal of Luctmal

Allmy life, Thave sought to shed my human fimits. Today, 1 have succeeded. Today my old, weak
self is slain. will speak hat name no longer. Today dam born again, more than human. Today uh
am a demon. T oday 1 war with God. %

Call me Lucimal.

One day my name will be known to all, when 4 have overcome all opposition and enthroned myself.
as Lord of All Worlds. The battle will be fong and hard, but there is no room for fear in the heart
Lucimal. There is no room for doubt or compassion or any other human weakness. There is room on ly

fer grandeur, r power, (o sacred treachery. There is room only for self.

My olds sated occult arts for years, ina weak, doubting and uncertain way. My new
self mastered them in an instant. Al my efforts had led me merely to the fringes, and there 1
watched, cowering. 3

Then 1 heard the Voice. Then 1 saw as demons see. Then 1 fought as peal bles

‘at was a lesser demon 1 killed that day — some imp of earthly torment, fit only to feast on mere
humans. 1 shall have better rey than that. 1 shall eat the hearts of demon kings!

was not the only one the Voice gifted with the powers of Hell. Toone was given a flam ing sword,
fike that of Malik the guardian. Another had a voice like Metatron, fit to subdue any spirit that
hears. But 1 was given the grasp of Nergal, given the swirling mists of death to comniand against
my demon brethren.

The others are fools. They do not understand what has happened to them. The woman with the
sword of Malik, her name is Joan. She thinks her powers came from "God" and: re given to her to
fight "evil" A simpleton. For me, for a man of learning, the Voice was clearly uninterested in such

ail, hollow concépts as "good and evil." Oncé the wool comes off your eyes, it's obvious that there is
no peat, that this world is evil and that all within it are either honestly corrupt or deluded pawns of
evil beings with greater intelligence. rit kill her first, when she's no longer useful,

1 do not know who the Voice was — Semyaza? Harut or Marut? It doesn't matter. What matters
is this: The demon natures of humanity are being awakened, and only 1 know what it truly means.

The end is at hand. The Apocalypse — the final great war af albapattr all — is approaching,
and the lords of darkness are hedg ing their bets. Only one being can stand atop this shattered wort
Currently it may be Satan orIble or Zyras the Unjust — it doesn eal ‘Thave not yet amassed
the power to challenge it. By the time 1 do, a new master will likely have eposed it. 1 must time my
actions carefully. Itis always thegreat ruler who attracts poisonous envy. 1 must be the last conqueror,
the one who attacks from Secret when the others have all wasted their strength.

That is the plan of the Voice, too. If you can't win the current fi ht, change the rules. af the Satanic
throne is too well guarded, create an arm' of mortal dupes to woh the powers of hell. ‘Most of these
"imbued" will no doubs fife the good fight against the demons, unaware whose ends they serve. Most
will also die. Some will become mighty warriors, drinking the death of their demon foés and takin,
thetr unholy strength. These few will take the fight directly to the gate of hell itself, and while the Lord
oF lames is occupied, the Voice : plans to strike from concealment, remove the weakened ruler and take

his place. of the Voice can continue to fool the ‘pawns into defending it, it will. Otherwise, their own
axhuiistion will make them eas prey to its power.
Only someone who knows the truth of the matter has any hope Hs survival, Only one proud enough
to kill, ruthless enough to devour, wise enough to wait and wickei enough to betray.
Onfy 1. Only the Torch of Evil
Only Lucimal.

oy eS se wad a oe

es ean wee 4! ee



Oo

Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page —

# x @mee@eanas 8 2A .2

=)
Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site: http://www, hunter net org/hone/chat heal

2 i . ' le , ~ i
Os alauuie tu ihyntamilat

Email Program

Subject: [Re: Subscriptions |

To: | hunter.list@hunter-net.org fe) (2)
From: [violin99 wSeidye meSshes

Copied To:|

Please remove myname from thismailinglist.


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

a
am |

|
|!

— Exodus 32:10

harroducrion

by Dictatrix11

Over the past several months, there has been a call on
hunter-net to establish a collection of material to aid novice
huntersin their calling. In particular, newcomers have requested
material on the truth of the shadows, and on the habits and
influences of the creatures at large around us. Builder50 and I
have volunteered to compile what we know, a combination of
instruction and guidance for new hunters. Both of us feel we have
the experience and foundation to make such a document worth-
while. It is a combined effort, with a shared voice.

Our acceptance of this responsibility has not been wel-
comed by all members of hunter-net. The community is
rather divided, and some take extremely divergent stands on
the nature of the hunter condition. Yet the internet is built
on the principle of a marketplace of ideas, so Builder50 and
I have decided to proceed with our work despite objections.
Others have claimed that they too prepare their own re-
sources. Excellent. Doing so frees their voices of committee
demands, and from the oppression of outside influences.

This file contains a great deal of opinion and conjecture.
Little here is irrefutable, and if any is, it could change tomor-
row. This is a reference, not a bible. Builder50 and I do not
agree on several issues, and you may not agree with either of us.
What we can say honestly is that we are both experienced at
the calling, and neither of us isas foolish as our email detractors

CHAPTER 2:
ORLD OF OR KNES
serT ING

Now therefore let me alone, that my wrath may
wax hot against them, and that I may consume them:
and I will make of thee a great nation.

|
a}
}
ms

Ty
wR See.

y

ene a

would have you believe. Take what you can from our work and
apply it to your own experience. If you can improve upon or
revise this document substantially, do so, but maintain a
history of revisions intact. In the future, people might locate
multiple, differing revisions of this document. Please try to
maintain each version's intellectual origins.

ar 1: Waar iy' sake our Y kere

If you are reading this, you have made the same error I
have, the worst of your life. Hunting is a foolish thing to do.
Only fools do it. Turn your back now and return to your
former life.

If you remain, perhaps what you are about to read will
change your mind. If not, perhaps it will teach you enough to
accomplish some good before you fall. From what I have
witnessed, most who answer our calling make crucial errors and
die quickly. And yet, not everyone does. I have pursued this
mission for some time, and am still here. I write this article in
hopes that some of you will survive as well. Please pay attention.

My origins are unimportant. Iam well educated, I began
investigating our subjects out of sympathy rather than repul-
sion, and sufficient people consider me learned to endorse
my contributions to this project. That said, please take care
with the information herein. Your life has taken adeadly new
direction. If you reveal or abuse what you learn here, you put
yourself and all of our kind at risk.


SA » ee pet gs Be

There are some basic things that you must understand.
Do not mislead yourself. Monsters do run the world. They
always have. Perhaps they always will. That's the first, last
and most important lesson that you must learn.

If you are determined to confront the unknown, you
forfeit your life. Many of us die. Your future may be brief and
grim. Rather than dwell on that, accept it and attempt to
accomplish all you can in the time you have left. Concen-
trate on the secrets you can learn and on the unforgivable
things that you can dispense with while you still breathe. It's
better to remain positive in the face of even the worst fate.

You undoubtedly know that creatures can kill you, or do
even worse things. If they were small and weak and metaphors
for human failings, they would never show their faces. But
they are not small or weak. They are large and strong and hold
the night in a steel grip. It is quite possible that you will face
a monster directly at some time, likely asa result of a mistake.
Perhaps you will live, perhaps not. I've seen a corpse crush a
man's skull. If you must be in the clutches of a determined
enemy, let it be in the service of others — people whom you
can save or fellow imbued whom you can preserve.

But the fact that monsters are physically powerful is
actually inconsequential. My purpose is not to teach you how
to fight. The reason I write is to share the results of research
conducted by myself and my associates. We have delved into
the truths of the world, created by monsters while we slept.
Unlike information on surveillance orassassination— which,
sadly, is widely available — this instruction may not exist
anywhere else. | am an authority on the truth, if may say, and
I must share that knowledge. More importantly, it is likely
that this website will have a short life span. It may have been
invaded already. Thus, it is unlikely that I will update this
document, so I will try to speak plainly. I choose not to
compromise myself or my allies by remaining in contact.

To start, | must dispel your illusions. Put aside notions
that you are some kind of protagonist, the character of a
novel or film. This is not an American movie. It is true that
we have been given special powers, but there is no evidence
that the imbued are immortal or protected from the laws of
nature. Indeed, we die all too easily.

History is filled with geniuses, brilliant generals, great
leaders and magnificent athletes. They are all dead now. I've
seen other imbued die. Many of you have. In my life in
another country, before I was granted my powers, | saw many
heroes die protecting spouses, children and homes. Their
efforts were noble, but absolutely fruitless. | only hope to be
so noble in my eventual failure.

We are humans. We do not dress up in brightly colored
costumes, fight the supernatural, and emerge unscathed.
This is not children's entertainment. We are simply people,
stronger than we used to be and with special powers, but
people nevertheless.

Consider that truth. A term I've heard for hunting is the
"Most Dangerous Game." That isa lesson in and of itself. In
that story, the prey turns upon the hunter. Do not expect the
story to be different simply because you are the hunter. You
will die or be injured horribly in the course of your mission.
Perhaps you will be enslaved by them, or will live your
remaining days imprisoned or as a "patient" in a psychiatric

_ ns eye ee fas:

ward. Your family and loved ones could be killed, raped,
tortured or subjected to unjust confinement. Your belong-
ings could be confiscated by the governmenton false charges.
Understand:

This will happen to you. It cannot be escaped.

The single greatest failing of the human mind is that we
cannot believe that we will be the victim. Everything hap-
pens to the "other person." Whether you accept it or not, all
of us are the other person. No one is untouchable, except
perhaps some of the creatures we face. If you are careful and
intelligent, you might survive a long time. But sooner or
later, you will be hurt or killed. If you cannot cope with that
knowledge, abandon this cause now.

The second misapprehension to correct is that the
beings who have changed us are beyond reproach. If they
could be trusted completely, they would not have invested us
with such powers and turned us free with such baffling
instruction. The enemy of our enemy is not necessarily our
ally. Our creators may simply wield us like a weapon —a gun
— that they use safely from a distance.

Iwould not be surprised to learn that the Messengers were
monsters themselves or the creation of yet another faction
that we have not yet encountered. Yes, our pursuit of the hunt
can be rewarding for its own sake — in the good we accomplish
— but reward is fleeting. Even if we rescued all those creatures
who would be saved and destroyed the rest, what would our
new role become? Are we truly that different from those whom
we face? I have no answers, other than to advise you to cherish
the people you know and to use what resources are available to
you today. They may not exist tomorrow.

The third lesson to learn is that we cannot expose people
at large to the truth. We will not defeat the enemy and ride
into the sunset. There is no indication that monsters are new.
Indeed, we appear to be, while the creatures have always been
here.

Consider that, before you learned about monsters, the
ordinary world you lived in was itself a fabric of lies. Drugs,
homosexuality, religious extremism, organized crime, sexual
assault, domestic violence — conditions that western society
abhors — all existed. You may have even known people
involved in such activities or who belonged to such taboo
groups. Yet society as a whole overlooked or dismissed these
conditions and people. Why? Because humanity prefers ap-
pearance to reality. We favor form over function. People
overlook or ignore unpleasantness if it conflicts with the
worlds we create for ourselves. Attempt to debate politics with
a person who considers herself part of an ideological move-
ment. When you point out the flaws of her belief system, she
either ignores them or becomes defensive rather than admits
to errors in judgment. Now attempt to tell the same person
that her reality as a whole is a lie, and that monsters exist.

Ordinary people cannot accept reality as we know it
because they cannot conceive of it, and have never been
allowed to. Every systematic ideology in the world serves the
secret agenda of the creatures. They watch us constantly.
Whenever a group of people pulls together for a common
purpose, one of them almost certainly receives orders froma
creature, or is actually a monster in disguise.

CHAPTER 2:A WORLD OF DARKNESS

— ee a were et es EE


yh

HUNTER: THERECKONING

In politics, for example, the first governments all served
gods through priestly hierarchies. Is it difficult to suppose
what those "gods" truly were? Imperialism was predicated on
silencing the people while the authorities assumed control.
Feudalism seemed to place the authorities on a level ap-
proaching the commoner's, but that proximity simply made
it easier for the predators to herd their cattle. Anyone who is
nostalgic for a strong leader is a cow longing for the comfort
of the slaughter yard.

Now capitalism rules the world. It too is nothing but an
efficient system by which the monsters rule us. In the United
States, perhaps 95% of the wealth is controlled by 5% of the
population. Is this equitable? Is this freedom? I say not. It is
simply a way for modern predators to hide among their prey,
possessing all the goods and food and demanding work in
return. Feudalism was no different. We can only hope that
there are some humans among the controlling minority.

We imbued are not immune to infiltration or monsters'
wiles, either. The rifts that wrack hunter-net and its network
of trust are just what you could fear most. We organize and
they infiltrate. They always do. Here, we are their prey,
despite what we can do. If we were just fighting the risen dead
— the thoughtless ones — our cause would be clear. But they
mislead us with false information, and perhaps even pose as
us, turning us against each other. And, of course, they have
prepared the world with convenient lies, so we fight against
them, their willing servants, their legions of pawns, and
humanity's collective thought itself.

And yet, our prison is not such because monsters have
placed every brick. Humanity has allowed it to happen. As
we are individuals, we are a group. Our societies are so
preoccupied with appearances that we overlook substance.
We would rather blame a woman for her own sexual violation
than admit that others act in a brutal and inhuman fashion.
With its head in the sand, human culture will never open its
eyes and witness inhuman oppression. If you think you can
wake the giant, you are living in its fairy tale. We will not tear
away the veil. Simply because we have been made to see does
not mean the rest are eager to follow suit.

Ifyouwanted tospread your message, how would you? The
creatures that rule from the shadows control the media.
Reporting to newspapers or television stations means sticking
your head in the noose. They wait for you. I am surprised that
the person who was killed in Chicago survived long enough to
appear on television. Perhaps the creatures there allowed him
to play his hand in some plot of their own? New media and
technologies are not necessarily our answer, either. The oppo-
sition is well educated, too. There is every reason to believe
that some very sophisticated spiders crawl the web, searching
for keywords related to the world of the unseen.

And if your sermon is heard, what happens then? Many
proselytizers, from religious fanatics to militant forces to
political parties, shout their causes. Here in the United
States, there are other groups, such as alien believers and
conspiracy theorists. You know the "truth" and can save the
lives of millions, but so can everyone who seeks to perpetuate
his agenda.

The common people are deafened by those who shout
their particular versions of the truth. Indeed, supernatural

an Nes Cane

nein 208 Se a ees oe

forces and their underlings may pay much closer attention to
the clamor than does the general public. The only good that
is likely to come from speaking publicly is luring out those
who listen too attentively. Perhaps you can dispose of them
before they dispose of you. Not the wisest of strategies, but
better than some.

|
Kt 8 August 1991
Niji KoBmeak
Hi Rassin
Dear Per Pak

Tam cory Aaol hoolay bub srraryone else Bere is
|| Aeeny Bary the season is Shab ont of the men dn the
i doi Bis oe MiB o woh sith Bis bach, ome
an meciclet but Hare war 0 bing party enquomy My
grclmother says woe Bare allvays Back parhicn bo
<elichrate dead wnobrer bub she celebrabicons hairs yobten
fag pase wolf fo

Ak the park, asreryone shoroel aroninel anol yee ab
Me dead wok, "anol che mob be aniyry wrikh ur. ib war
met at whe billed you the russian are the ones whe
aatacel yon goo ofa

Now she lead woh is yoing ho Noneoun

Your Pritnel

Mitina Babe-he,

|
|

Another common misconception of the newly imbued
is that monsters act alone. They do not. In fact, they
surround themselves with institutions and build power. One
of our counterparts may found a cult, an organization or a
business. The creature then presents itself as a human being
and earns the trust necessary to take what it wants from
recruits, whether it be wealth, blood or souls. People in
general are community beings. We submit to the authorities
that make the correct verbal and physical gestures. Careful
observers of our species can exploit those weaknesses. Maybe
their predecessors instructed ours to do so. Regardless, rather
than existing independent of one another, our opponents
use human expectations to hide all the worst evils.

The most ambitious predators shape our very civilizations
to their purposes. There is evidence to suggest that govern-
ments across the world are played by supernatural forces. The
magnitude of such a concept is stunning. Could the futility of
our future be any more clear? If we are tosave the world, we must
do more than merely undermine the ancient and powerful
monsters hidden within our societies, cultures and civilizations.


A 2 Ge past gs Bees

CHAPTER 2:AWORLD OF DARKNESS

We must exact such dramatic and tremendous change that the __ forces of light vanquish the menace, or the symbolic society
very structure of human society is altered. We must create a__collapsesbeneath the power of the threat. Ourentire perception
world that can survive without the figureheads at the top of the _of supernatural creatures is shaped by this story-pattern. From

order. And we must do so now. For our children. For ourselves. the Minotaur and Grendel to Dracula and Hannibal Lecter, we
If we do not begin the fight, the short time we have to plan may —_are taught to think of monsters as unique, discreet elements,
be forfeit, and we shall all remain enslaved. singular threats against the natural or social order, things to be

Here is a simple caution to consider: If you ever consider __ overcome through the action of the guardians of that estab-
a social cause too important or too valuable to be subjected to _lished order.

honest but harsh criticism, you have let yourself become the "This view could not possibly be any more incorrect.
instrument of evil. Only by constant examination can we There is plenty of evidence that there are a lot of rots, and
locate the source of ideas andactions. The moment youaccept that they have an organized society. A limited "hive-mind"
anything as unquestionable, you create a lair for something _isa possibility. I'm even willing to concede that the inter-rot

that we should hunt. That is true of every cause: religious _conflicts we've observed could be faked by a true hive-mind
liberty, freedom of speech, national security, the environ- _to mislead us. There are also other things out there beyond
ment, human rights, gender rights. In a world full of horrors _rots and their puppets, things that we have no reason to

determined to destroy us, everything we are can be tumed believe to be related to the walking dead, and they all seem
against us. Only in questioning and investigating are we safe. to work together, too.

Inhuman menaces don't simply hide among people you "Whatever animosities may exist among the enemy,
dislike or condemn. They hide among us, whatever the "we" there is an organized and highly effective conspiracy by
is to which you belong. Slogans do the devils' work. almost every recognizable supernatural organization to dis-

Thus, the notion of a tort, conceal and destroy information
Jone monster strug- about the worldof the unseen. Crea-
gling with its own td + @ tures of the night mobilize quickly
existence. is so (KC 7) toneutralize threats to their com-
prevalent and so (¢ ve @ + + munity. While | have no idea if
deeply rooted in us Ze 7 the various communitiesshare in-
that it must be the WK — formation, there is abundant
result of centuries of P evidence of incidental coopera-
diligent work by crea- tion, Forexample, rots will move
tures. Builder elaborates Heaven and Earth to destroy
by explaining that in al- evidence of skinchanger
most all stories involving activities, even if a
the supernatural, crea- skinchanger pursues
tures are portrayed as an aggressive cam-
individuals. The mon- paign against the
sters are symbols of walking di
anxiety for chal- Likewise, the
lenges to the social "government
order. The agents" that

some imbued

vampire

Dracula is report en-
said to have countering
challenged seem intent
Victorian on destroying
sexual ta- evidence of
boos. The the supernatu-
"Big Bug" ral threat
films of the rather than
1950s re- neutralizing

flected the
fears of the
Nuclear "The world
Age, of sci- Pe of the unseen is
ence without i( not made up of
control. PS) monsters fron'
Builder NY vampire flick.
states, "In the
end of such stories,
thechallenge isappar-
ently defeated, ornot. The

There are lone

wolves, but the

average stalker of
2s, en eee" Sars fox .>; Ging
|

the threat
itself.

RD eS oe Se et BS 5 es EE

~~


HUNTER: THERECKONING

from PEH Is FoR PARAGUAY

© 1953 by Hugo N. Levy

When I arrived in the swamplands of Para-
guay, I could see why the old Nuremberg monsters
I tracked chose the place. The country was natu-
rally isolated — cut off from even the sea — and
had never been adequately mapped. When it wasn't
at war with all of its neighbors, it slept in total
isolation.

The spider-girls, the weavers of Itagua and
Asuncién, had woven a lacy shroud around the
country — a "lapacho curtain" — where the ex-
periments had begun again. As] would learn during
my briefstay, Hell didn't die in 1945. Itjust learned
to speak Guarani.

the night is a member of a society as complex and orderly as
our own. It's a society that takes care of its own and shields

them from a hostile outside world. A society thathas tremen-
dous pull in the daylight world. Your hunts may never be
investigated officially by the police, but they will certainly be
looked into. And not only is it likely that your investigators
will have supernatural abilities, they're quite likely to have
full access to modern forensics technology. If you take on
your prey like it was the monster in a horror novel, expect a
visit from the rot goon squad."

Parr 2:Hown Reatey Works

by BuilderSO
Dictatrix! 1 has conceded the writing chores tome given
my experience with the following subject matter.

Tre Pouce

I want to talk about the police first because they are the
very first thing you need to worry about as a hunter. All the
rest of the organizations I go over in this section tend to mind
their own business unless kicked into motion. The police are
out there looking for trouble.

To start, let me say this plainly so that nobody forgets,
because it takes some getting used to:

You are a violent criminal.

You commit violent criminal acts.

The police are not your friends.

By hunting, you commit crimes, the very acts which the
police exist to oppose. Even if you never ever fuck up and get
nabbed by the cops, the rots and God knows what else have
their fingers into the heat in a big way. Go figure. Chances
are, if you get spotted and IDed while on the job, you will
receive a visit from the local copper, who may not stop at
arresting you. So here's the truth about cops.

Most Cops Are Not Nice People. Cops have to take shit
from people day after day. They get insulted, spit on, shot at
—and then there's the criminals to deal with. Police have to

face the dregs of society, they get no respect and, as far as jobs
where people regularly try to whack you go, the pay is terrible.
The good parts of being a cop are that you can wear a uniform,
carry a gun, beat the crap out of people, and otherwise be an
Authority Figure.

The fact that this terrible job is voluntary means that
copsare the kind of people for whom the good parts of the job
outweigh the bad (control freaks, bullies and borderline
sadists), or they're from cop families for whom there's only
one career choice. The first kind start off bad and get worse.
The second kind have usually been shielded from the reali-
ties of the machine by their parents. By the time they're
disillusioned, they're not that much better than the power
maggots. Forget the exceptions — you're worried about what
you'll probably have to deal with. Rest assured that police
officers have not passed up careers in high finance or network
administration to walk a beat. The closet poets or detectives
who do the crossword in ink exist only on TV.

What's that mean to you? When you're faced with a cop,
showing anything other than groveling deference is likely to
provoke harassment or violence.

Don'tbelieve me? Youhaven't met enough cops. Every cop
you meet has the ability to send you to jail for something made
up. He can just plant the evidence on you. And let's not forget
what youreally did. Can you risk trusting them? Planted evidence
and "drop pistols" happen all the time, and don't forget that you
actually are a criminal. You may think of yourself as a heroic
crusader, but the cops don't care why you're standing over that
body and holding a smoking gun. The only people who give a
fuck are you and the monsters. Remember the monsters, the
ones that pull the strings of the precinct captain whose undead
pal you whacked last week? Yeah, them.

Most Cops Are Not Honest. Bullies and disillusioned
idealists have one thing in common: the understanding that
there will never be an end to crime. Right after the realization
that corruption is inevitable comes the acceptance that if you
can't hope to stomp out evil, you might as well charge it rent.

How many cops are on the take? Generally, all the ones
the enemy needs to fuck with you, and never the one you
need. That said, don't underestimate the divine magic of
greed. Carry a couple thousand bucks — cash — on you. If
you get bagged doing a job, you're going to the station. We
know rots have ties to the police. We know that rots can
mindfuck people. We know the imbued have a real problem
surviving to see trial. It's safe to assume that if you're caught
waxing a rot, or while on the dodge from another job, it's a
death sentence. You might as well try to bribe your way out.

Maybe the cop will refuse it and turn you in. Maybe he'll
take it and tum you in anyway. Maybe he'll take it, shoot you,
planta drop piece and walk away several thousand bucks richer.
What's the difference, really? If you get nabbed, you're almost
inly dead, and a death sentence doesn't get any worse
you tried to buy your way out of it. Maybe, just maybe,
will look the other way while you haul ass.

Most Cops Do Not Give a Shit. Unless you fuck with
them, they get an easy chance to fuck with you, or they
otherwise get a hair up their collective ass, most cops don't
really give a goddamn. People who commit crimes tend to be
of below-average education. Seventy percent of all murders
are committed by a relative, close friend or someone intimate

nen ek SY a ees te

ania


Sa, » Ge pet gs Gs

with the deceased. Typically, the murderer stands over the
body, gibbering or otherwise doing a poor job of coping with
the situation. Ultimately, crime is pretty predictable.

Most investigators are interested in working the com-
mon (and usually profitable) angles. It's certain that you'll
have to break the law in the course of your career as a hunter.
As long as you keep your head on straight, stay lucky and
don't make a hobby of it, you can probably get away with a
certain amount of criminal activity on the strength of per-
functory investigations. The estimated 225 active serial
killers in the United States can't be wrong. If you don't
commit crimes for conventional reasons, you probably won't
be caught until you make a monumental error.

Alll this assumes, of course, that the monsters don't link
their dead friends to your actions. The police are not inept by
nature, just by inclination. If you get them motivated, they
can and will get an awful lot smarter. If you just whack some
hooker or John Doe, the cops won't bother with a door-to-
door. But your targets aren't usually hookers or John Does.
They're members of a powerful subculture with a lot of pull.
Other than dead cops, nothing makes police smart faster
than pressure from those who can give the department
serious grief. If the mayor or a couple state representatives
call the chief of police to express outrage about a murder,
there will be door-to-door canvassing, artists' renditions and
forensics teams crawling all over the crime scene.

Toe Underwontd

When you say underworld, people's minds immediately
jump to dark Italian restaurants, Japanese guys with missing
fingers or Hong Kong triads with cutting-edge technology.
All evidence seems to indicate that these folks are just thick
with rots, or at least their puppets.

Organized crime is, well, organized. It's involved in
high-overhead operations like extortion, protection rackets,
counterfeiting, fraud, contract murder, prostitution, pornog-
raphy, bid rigging and illegal waste disposal. As it happens,
these sorts of operations suit power-hungry monsters. If the
police are rots' mailed right fist, then mobsters are the left
hand with the poisoned dagger. If you're too clean and well-
heeled for the cops to drag down, you can probably expect a
visit from Nicky and Jocko. They'll do the same thing to you
as the cops, but instead of interrogating you in a police-
station holding cell, it'll be in an empty warehouse.

Everything said about cops goes for organized crime, but
criminals don't have to make a pretense of impartiality. You
mess with their interests, they retaliate. That's how they
operate, even if they're not controlled by rots or some other
monster. In most cases, organized crime already has its fingers
in the local pie; in such environs, monsters may not need to
cover their tracks. And when officers investigating the scene
of your kneecapping hear your description of Nicky and
Jocko, their eyes will glaze over and that will be the end of
that.

Never forget that in a lot of really poor places, criminals
are the law. There are a lot of places the police just don't go.
Inallot of other places, the residents would rather call up the
gang they pay protection money to because the crooks'll do
less harm than the cops. Criminal authorities don't have
crime labs, these folks care about their jobs more than the

2. ee 2 gee fos:

local heat does, and they don't need to worry about evidence
or building a case or any of that crap. Crooks don't send you
to jail, they send you to the hospital or the morgue. If you
commit crimes in the wrong place, the pigs may be the least
of your worries.

However, the underworld doesn't consist solely of guys
who eat too much ethnic food and say things like, "The boss
is wounded by your disrespect." There's a whole world of
dime-store criminals and cut-rate thugs on the streets. Hook-
ers, pimps, palookas, heavies, second-string pushers,
chop-shop owners, fences, con artists, gangstas and pachucos
are the scum of society, the losers in the game of life. Honest
citizens see these people and their eyes just slip across them.
In and out of jail, perpetually under investigation, most of
this ecology of failure lives below the poverty line. The fish
in this pond are minnows compared to even minor orga-
nized-crime figures. These are the lives that end frozen to
death on a sidewalk, bleeding in an alley over a bad deal, or
floating face-down, bled white by a rot. Whether they go to
the local pauper's field or up the chimney of the morgue,
nobody mourns.

Obliviousness to these people is further evidence of the
blindness Dictatrix discussed earlier. As a society, we pre-
tend these walking wounded don't exist, even though
everyone knows one or two or ten of them. It's only after you
slip beneath the surface of legitimacy that you realize how
worm-eaten our society is. Once you realize how much of the
orderly world is an illusion, created by us as reassurance that
things happen to the other guy, the world is never the same
again. This is your world now. This is where the monsters
feed.

Paradoxically, the "low people" have the most aware-
ness of the way the world really works. Because they're the
bottom of the barrel, below the law, monsters relax around
them and let their masks slip. Is it any coincidence that so
much magic and superstition filters up from the ghetto?
Charms against the creatures of the night are not ignorance
on the part of peasants or the poor, but desperate attempts at
protection from what they realize is all too real.

But just because the enemy lowers its guard around the
bottom feeders doesn't mean the drudgesaren't being watched.
This is where the monsters come to feed and play. This is
their herd. If you pop some pimp or whack a two-bit hood,
understand that you might fuck with someone's lunch. Do it
too many times and someone will notice.

Tue Men

The one thing night creatures want more then anything is
secrecy. Given that they have magic powers and have spent all
of recorded history playing this game, there's little doubt that
media organizations are under their control. The average
reporter isn't under the direct influence of monsters any more
than the average beat cop is. But as with the police, if you look
up the chain of command past the stringers and camera crews,
you notice that the desk editors and producers are thick with
puppets and Renfields. Someone has to decide how to spin
news stories and give them the final green light.

And if coverage of local news is tight, then national
coverage is a vise. The truth can be stopped or altered at a
variety of levels. Not only does a local affiliate have to call a

CHAPTER 2:A WORLD OF DARKNESS

|
|
|
|


IER: THE RECKONING

a

desk and offer to sell footage, the news desk has
to buy it and decide to air the story as anything other than a
30-second humor pie can call a story in
until they're hoarse, but if the wire services don't pick it up,
it's nothing more than local news.

Weckly local papers and 'zines may operate indepen-
dently ofthe conspiracies, but they're voices in the wilderness.
Major media outlets pass up their stories if they're too close
to the truth, witnesses become unreliable
or vanish, or the publication may even be
bought out for a large sum and "editorially
redirected." Using media to blow the lid
off the unseen is a big mistake — as big as
believing that monsters actalone. It'splay-
ing exactly the game they want you to.

More than just a brick wall to your
efforts, mass media is a trap for the incau-
tious hunter. So you uncovered evidence
of monsters that you want to distribute?
Logic says give or sell it to the national
media. So you talk to the local desk editor or executive
producer. She thanks you, buys the material, buries it and
makes a call to the master. That's when you have an accident.
Maybe the cops stop you for dangerous driving and happen to
find an eightball of coke. Maybe you suddenly can't remem-
ber what you saw. Maybe you just disappear. Whatever the
case, you stop being a problem.

Likewise, stringers

|
!
|
|
|
|

Glory Hole
THAILAND J-1201 Let me
fulfill all your secret needs! I
am Kopsaak, age 11, and | am
very clean and very skilled. 1
have been dead 71 years.

Stay away from the media. At best, it's useless and draws
attention to you. Atworst, it's like tying a ribbon around your
neck and delivering yourself to your enemies' door. There are
a lo less of us than there are of them, and they have more jy
friends. Going to the media intent on "flushing them out" is
like turning on a flashlight in a dark room that's full of men
with guns. The only way someone else is going to get hurt is
bya bullet that's already passed through you. There are better

ways to die.

Busnes

With their ages-old conspiracies to
control government and law enforce-
ment, monsters would be remiss if they
didn't control commerce as well.

Even if monsters ignored business'
potential, it would naturally fall in line
with the beasts' agenda. A company's
purpose is to tun a profit. Going along
with the powers that be is profitable.
Rocking the boat leads to loss and failure. For every Oskar
Schindler there are a hundred Henry Fords. It is therefore the
nature of the corporate beast to accommodate amorality, to
adapt to conditions in an effort to assume a maximally
profitable configuration.

But we have gathered enough evidence to suggest that
there is much more than incidental collaboration at work. As

ne ced  g A gees: pote,


in other sectors of human endeavor, monsters stand in the
corporate shadows, backing their pawns and proxies. Not
surprisingly, the chance to gain profit draws them out in great
numbers. Why shouldn't our predatory rulers, the princes of
the night, live well off the sweat of our brow?

I suggest that those of you in the business world quickly
learn to master your emotions. You will shortly become
aware of a panoply of interests who pull the strings behind
our daily stock reports. Better that you control your reac-
tions. Rots, puppets, wolfmen and degenerate things throng
the corridors of commerce on every level.

CHAT rerscarr

Louis Stuart, CNN Anchor, Atlanta: And
now with an update on the Sierra Leone situation is
Kitty Thomas from Freetown. Kitty?

Kitty Thomas, CNN Correspondent,
Freetown, Sierra Leone: Thanks, Louis. The situ-
ation here in the capital tonight is degenerating
almost minute-by-minute. I'm not sure how long |
have before we should get to cover. There are at
least a dozen rebel bands moving through the city
now. According to reports, they're executing all
supporters of the Vincente government left in the
capital. There are rumors of blood-drinking and
worse, Louis — much worse than anything we saw
during the day fighting.

Stuart: I'm sorry, Kitty, we didn't catch that.

Thomas: [off-microphone] Fighting seems to
be spreading. I don't want to paint too graphic a
picture, but at least one of the rebel factions — the
"Red Claws" or "Sons of Benin" — is reportedly
burning prisoners alive. And we've just received
additional reports of blood drinking. It must be a
traditional practice—

Stuart: I'm sorry, we appear to have lost the
satellite link.

Oddly, finance is where tensions in the monstrous
community come to the fore. It appears that every creature
species has multiple, often mutually hostile financial fac-

tions. Webs of alliance seem to be spun rapidly and casuall
and discarded just as quickly. Perhaps this is due to the
density of market players, with our demonic cooks jostling
one another to stir the soup.

Yet I wonder if this conflict is perhaps more formal.
Could it be that our dark overlords eschew physical violence
with their brethren whenever possible? Perhaps they use
their influence to fight proxy battles of some sort, preferring
the halls of financial power because of the real as well as
symbolic profits that can be reaped.

If this is the case, then it is entirely possible that this
frivolous economic warfare and profit-taking is responsible
for our economy's consistent downward trend over the past
25 years. It seems as if the system is decaying and its players

EE ae ee ge ee fas

become increasingly focused on the short term. Regardless of
the cause, the result is the same: fat parasites and a recession
that has been ongoing for almost three decades.

Tre Cuurca

Mother Church, opiate of the masses. Few things have
beena greater burden on the history and progress of mankind
than the dogged belief that putting it over the plate for Jesus
(or whomever) will buy youa ticket to paradise. It's probable
that no force in human history has claimed as many lives or
generated as much hatred as the Crusades — wars started by
various believers to cleanse or convert the world in the name
of their various and sundry exclusionary faiths.

Some of you believe the source of our power is some-
thing religious. I've been told that we deal with angels, the
True God, saints, spirits of nature, kami and a number of
other things. I don't believe any of it. My experience tells me
that every religion ends up serving the monsters.

Think about it logically, then historically. What is a
god, spirit or what have you? It's an entity more powerful
than yourself, which claims the authority to tell you what to
do. And what do we hunt? Powerful beings that use humanity
for their own ends.

Every doctrine of an afterlife encourages us to keep quiet
and be humble. That's not a new insight. But few atheists
stop to realize how their convictions of a material universe
shore up monsters' defenses — "The supernatural can't
exist!" Likewise, the belief that there is no afterlife encour-
ages inaction, out of fear of losing the only life we have. So
even doubt and agnosticism keep us in line, weakening every
foundation necessary for effective action. That's right, every
belief can and does serve our enemies.

So if you shouldn't believe anything, and shouldn't
believe nothing, what's left? Careful examination is the only
faith 1 have. I see what my senses (including these new
powers) show me, and respond to it. | don't know what the
ultimate nature of reality is, and don't expect to find out. But
by focusing on tangible reality, I escape most — not all, just
most — of the traps laid for us in the realm of belief.

Every time this subject comes up, some devout follower
thinks I accuse him of being a servant of the enemy. That's
not what I mean. I think your beliefs advance their agendas,
but I don't think that (most of) you actually serve in any
direct sense, witting or unwitting. We have all been im-
planted with little ideological and conceptual bombs that
our prey trigger when we get too close to them — "What I just
saw can't possibly have been real." The most important thing
is to keep examining yourself, to make sure you know why
you believe what you do, and to be ready to change beliefs
when the true facts emerge.

In the absence of verifiable evidence, | offer some of my
own conclusions. It was once easy for me to believe that the first
god-kings were men who would be gods. Now I'm not so sure. I
think they were monsters who ruled humanity openly, and were
later driven underground by the explosion of the human popu-
lation, or perhaps by some force or event that has been
mythologized into the Indo-European flood myth. As much as
Idislike giving ground to the Beneficent Alien Brothers/ Angels
theorists, perhaps the same process that created the imbued
happened earlier in history and is happening again.


|
|

How many divine figures (the Dead and Reborn God, the
Horned God, the Dionysian Celebrant) have roots as monsters
masquerading as gods? I doubt we'll ever know, but regardless of
gods' origins, their edifices of worship are now the domains of
night folk. 1 wonder how much of the decline of organized
religion is a parallel to the decline of the modern economy. In
both cases, it seems as if manipulation by various creatures
seeking short-term results has broken the very system

The Catholic Church and other large organized
churches —at least in America—seem tobe burnt-out shells,
the end results of successful infestation. I'm sure in places with
more spiritually enthused populations, these sects still serve a
purpose as tools of social control for supernaturals. Recently,
it seems as if monsters have begun to adopt a more grass-roots
approach. You'd be surprised at the how many sun-staring
messiahs, charismatic lunatics and other junior-league Jim
Jonesare out there. They come inall colors, and their followers
are from every income bracket.

From the ghetto- and barrio-dwelling revolutionary
theologians to backwoods charismatic Protestants to "Pro-
gressive" churches urging their flocks to bow down to
God-Socialist, all religions ask the same thing: submission of
the worshipper to the agenda, and ultimately to that of
whatever controls the movement. Under the right circum-
stances, any one of us could be persuaded to feed our children
the magic purple kool-aid and follow the comet to the Better
Place. It's an inherent flaw in the species.

Though they might object to having it stated in such a
pejorative fashion, many contributors to this board certainly
verge on this kind of belief in the Messengers. My colleagues
and I have gathered a great deal of evidence that there are
countless others out there who share the same feelings of
abject worship, but for monsters. They're blood-puppets
created in blasphemous mockeries of the communion, brain-
raped minions, or just people who seek a savior to obviate the
need for them to use their brains.

Such a congregation has abundant, irrefutable proof of
its master's supernatural power. You cannot fake turning into
a wolf before astonished followers' eyes. No doubt, when the
savior sends his followers for you, you too will demonstrate
evidence of supernatural power as you defend yourself. What-
ever rationalizations or preconceptions followers have will
be cemented in that instant. The leader is good. You are evil.
Whar is impossible to justify to mobsters or police is perfectly
rational to these fanatics, but you are still in the wrong.
Where the lion or fox skin will not cover, creatures of the
night use the lamb's.

And yet, there's something more to religious faith than
all this. I'm not a spiritual person, but I've seen things. I've
watched monsters turn away from religious prey. I've seen
them avoid "holy" ground. I've even seen a devout man
strike a rot with his Qu'ran and set her to terrified, smolder-
ing flight. There's something more to religion than a 10
percent hit on your income. It has nothing to do with
churches, and everything to do with something greater
than earthly concerns. Perhaps this thing, whatever it is,
may be one of the reasons that night-folk have been so hard
on religion. If it's a bulwark against them, they have to
remove the threat. Yet I have a hard time embracing the
unknowable to battle the unknown.

on Sy ag gees: ete

<<

Dear friends at St. John's Episcopal Church,

Peace be with you from the Marquesas Islands!

‘As you know, my life here before your good
teacher Chuck brought me to God was squalid and
debased. The town where I was born is enslaved to
Mon Onele Jacques, a god who is as bloodthitsty as
God Jesus is merciful.

He lived deep in the forest, a day's walk from
town. His hut was fenced in with logs, and hanging on
the logs were the bones of my uncles and aunts, who
he had chosen as sacrifices. If we did not send up our

"families to him he caused disaster in the shape of
pestilence, or else called the rain for days and rotted
the food in our gardens.

I met him once when he called for my sister, and
Father chose me to guide her to the hut. He resembled
an old man with no hair. Where God Jesus is healthy
and strong, the island god was bony, almost like a
skeleton. So feeble was his strength that he moved only
when necessary, remaining until the very end on a
hammock cut from skins.

That day I left town and went to Tahuata, where I
met Chuck and came into service of God Jesus. [ask your
help as my Christian brothers to go back to that hut and
kill him, along with all the demons of my islands.

i

Tue Locat Governwany

The local government's job is to be pushed around.
National government, business interests, the cops, activists
— hell, sometimes even legitimate community interests —
make their presence felt. Since monsters have so much sway
overall these groups, it shouldn't come as a surprise that the
local bureaucracy and elected government is like putty in
the creatures' hands.

Not only does the enemy have its paws on the people in
regional power, it has wormed its way into the very system.
The local utilities, tax bureaucracies, public-works depart-
ments, courts and magistrates — all the machinery that keeps
things running is rife with puppets, rots and other things.

Pointing out infection on this level may seem insignifi-
cant compared to the previous institutions discussed, but
think about how much control these minor bureaucracies
have over your life. Your property taxes, driver's license,
criminal record, power and gas supplies, telephone connec-
tion and call logs — all there for inspection, alteration and
deletion. Cross the rots and your taxes are assessed at ten
times the regular value, you're the target ofa dozen "mistak-
enly issued" felony warrants, and they shut off your gas in
November. And when they finally come for you, your
telephone doesn't work. I've seen it happen. Societal con-
trols are more than shackles of banality that we clamp on
ourselves in hopes of a happy, numb future. We love our
bondage, but we don't realize how far it reaches.


Last Worts

I have two final warnings. The secret masters of the
world spend a lot of time and effort preparing traps specifi-
cally for those who might uncover their plans. These efforts
are conceptually distinct from the thoughts and patterns of
behavior that keep people from asking questions. When
those measures fail, the masters have fall-back provisions.
Whether these are also elements of our civilization hard-
wired by the beasts, or human truths the monsters co-opt
matters litele in the end. These are the ultimate traps for the
unwary hunter in our world of shadows.

MONSTER IBRAHIM CATCHES SouLs!

Did you know? The Tiger Party has turned to
sorcerers to support its despotism in Sarawak.

Have you heard? Dr. Ibrahim catches the souls of
dissenters and keeps them in a Pow of jugs in the
Gubernatorial Palace. i 4

Who has siffered? The peoplé of Sarawak, but
especially Mohd Rizal, Ali, Zaharudin bin Jais and
other opposition leaders, who opposed Ibrahim the
Minister-Monster and now lie asleep in hospital beds,
with their souls taken out of their bodies and their
resistance parties in disarray.

Beware! Do not listen to [brahit's speeches on
Radio Malaysia and do not read his statements in the
press. If you are so unlucky as to pass the Gubernato-
rial Palace, shield your eyes and do not look into the
windows, or else you risk joining Mohd Rizal Ali
with your soul in a jar.

Fintisthe idea of "insanity," one of the most monster-friendly
concepts imaginable. Anyone who experiences more of the world
than mostisoften ignored, labeled insane or even persecuted. Since
some people have genuine mental illnesses or delusional beliefs,
normal peoplearen'texcessively foolish or wicked when they refuse
tobelieve us. It's just that the definition of insanity makes it easy to
lump us in with the sick people, and hard for us to prove that we
don't belong. Don't goso far out ona limb that the very people you
seek to protect put you away. They might think they're doing you
a favor, when they're in fact helping the enemy.

Second, since it's also true that there are cruel, hurtful
members of the human race, it's easy to categorize huntersassuch
threats because we're capable of violent action. If normal people
knew what we know, they'd be violent, too. Sadly, they're in the
dark. So when individuals find out you want to take down an
admired leader or a cherished ideal, all the fine rhetorical justifi-
cations in the world will still sound like insanity. Suddenly, you're

the bad guy. Through no fault of their own, well-intended normal

A » Wa past gs Bees

From the desk of Dr. M.
town, Botswana

K. Nkbele

May 7 — The aBalel's cbrenrins eirplay afb the signs of

paranciel He Bishonical ekemebs
sre mcally of commas How, could Ben

rind Barre awa, debeils? Thos

don't beach shore pyres shee nt

"Whike Mister Death" is she sloret Mat dishunbe mee
Anonh expecially 4 He Brracter bar solerbiPiced
bo the bull an the gross of ceil rhodes ‘bow dona rea
we de mot beach the bildrin about booker b makes mo ese bo-
prose the memory of the supreme while imperiahiss
whe the wbrool da, bar dansk eouegh ours ho beach she hase
Bishony of our nabiom

The Bills itnicale dercriphions of « "hush of
| iiee tr eederrsepel Paureueorira Farce:

the mother anc mis mbabe at the school agree

Hat the yirbhar mob read on strin heard of He tubuole oirek
se bad can be discounberl

Tree~o postin com the morbid dimensions
of the dneames be they the mouern of nothing Lephant
conpaes on the" rarlroal" thas ricler rails

CthihuhiomaBisnhicon wikh,

Paco rirse phanmaceubical

people can hinder us as effectively as legions of walking corpses.
Keep your agenda to yourself and to those who can truly under-
stand you — assuming you can trust them.

Conetustons

I think the monsters have been with us since we first
made bricks and built temples to the god-kings. The rots
guided our hands when we planted the first grain, and the
warlocks steadied our strokes when we first put stylus to cl
and set down Hammurabi's Laws. Have we been bred —ha
we bred ourselves — to the harness? Is our need to be
commanded, our burning desire to do what we're told, just a
sign that we have been tamed by the lash? And when we have
finally extinguished our last spark of freedom under a wave of
mood pills and hate-crime laws and gun control, will we be
anything other than domesticated?

What words of comfort can I possibly offer? Precious few,
Pm afraid.

We know that the forces of darkness don't always win.
Ideas like individual worth, ownership of one's self and
freedom of thought and action have broken through the
barriers that monsters have placed in our way. We, the
imbued, exist and can ply out calling as we see fit. The odds
are overwhelmingly against us, but defeat only becomes
certain when we do nothing. Prepare to lose, but continue the
struggle as long as you can, in every way you can.

Domesticated dogs can yet turn feral. We have to bite the
shadowy hand that has fed us for millennia. Inherit the Earth!

CHAPTER 2:A WORLD OF DARKNESS

!

_.n eeey 4e e ee —_


oO Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page ==]

@a %.8 2 A 2 @

Backward Forward Redraw Stop indi! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site: [http://www hunter-net.org/howe/chat html

Oo Email Program Oa

Subject: [The Truth? ]
=
To: [hunter.list@hunter-net.org } fe) ®) I |
Fsom: [bookworms 2 | MsShe MeSSbes
Copied To:| | I
("|

I've read stories about monsters. Lord knows my mother told me enough about human
"monsters"— crooks and bad cops who wandered our neighborhood. Maybe my Mama
just did a good job of keeping me out of trouble, but | don't think the dangers on the street
are any more real than what I've read about.

Isee all kinds of horrible things in the newspaper: mass murder, torture, group suicide.
But I grew up ina bad area and I never saw anything like that. I figure if there are monsters
out there (real ones to go along with the human ones), then they concoct half of the bad
news just to scare us. Otherwise, why doesn't all that happen here?

I guess the only way to know for sure is to go and see for myself. I've met a man who
I believe may be able to enlighten me.


HUY ER: THE RECKONING

Ti

—_

Cs

— Job 33:9

Before your character was imbued, she was a normal
person. She had a life, dreams and pursuits. She also had her
own ideas, values and beliefs. Perhaps she was devoutly
religious and extended charity and goodwill to others. Per-
haps she eschewed religion, but had faith in her own ability
to accomplish goals and expected others to do the same.
Maybe she accepted aspects from a variety of faiths and
looked for bigger answers from there, with an understanding
of numerous religions and cultures. Maybe she worked hard
for the sake of work or relied on the efforts of others to get
her through, or chose random targets in life and strove
toward them.

It's important to know who your character was before
Once she is imbued, her former values and beliefs persist. In
fact, they often determine her course and purpose in coming
to grips with the true world, the existence of monsters and
the hunt itself. A charitable person might now believe in
offering forgiveness or aid to monsters whom she feels are

<i pen SE Loe ee Oy ee?

ene

a Ney ne Sy

CHAPTER 3:
HE HUNYER'S CRE
(CHARACTER TYPE

~—

i
3

ad ~

T am clean without transgression, I am inno-
cent; neither is there iniquity in me.

deserving. A driven person might see self-sacrifice as her
greatest weapon against the unknown, or she might find no
tolerance for the evil she perceives and seeks to destroy it
utterly. An open-minded person might believe that there's
good and evil in monsters and humans, and wonders if
there's a greater purpose to the imbuing than putting down
the supernatural.

It's therefore essential to know who your character was
as a normal person — what she believed in and hoped for.
Those values determine her approach to the hunt in terms
of your character's creed. Creeds are the roles hunters play
in the ongoing war with the unknown, the philosophies that
hunters observe regarding the horrific world to which they
are exposed and the attitudes the chosen have toward the
monsters they face. Also, creeds represent the direction that
hunters give to pursuing and fulfilling the precepts of their
Virtues (see p. 127).

nen ek OO eg Nees ee

Cn

wai


Te Crezds

There are seven creeds to choose from in Hunter.
Your character has only one. They are grouped accord-
ing to Virtues, which are generalizations about your
character's ultimate goals in the hunt. The creeds are
assigned to Virtues as follows:

Virtue Creed

Mercy Innocence, Martyrdom, Redemption
Vision Visionary

Zeal Defense, Judgment, Vengeance

The Virtues are explained fully in Chapter 4.
Creeds are explained here.

What do all these explanations and guidelines mean in
a story, though? Your character's creed, chosen during her
creation as outlined in the next chapter, is no social classi-
fication or organizational group to which she belongs. Your
character isn't part of a creed as she might be in a profession
or club. Her creed is
goes about and perceives her mission.

Your character's primary Virtue —Zeal, Mercy ot Vision
— indicates what she upholds as the goal of the war —
perhaps to destroy the supernatural and reclaim the world or
to try to preserve whatever's good in creatures before the
world comes to an end. Her creed is the means by which she
hopes to fulfill that goal, the direction she takes. Although
hunters can have the same primary Virtue, say Zeal, those of
different creeds seek to accomplish the same goals in differ-
ent ways. An Avenger intends to tear down the supernatural
one creature at a time, by tooth and nail if necessary. A
Defender seeks to preserve something worth saving in the
world. She wants the unknown destroyed, but not at the
expense of whatever she values. A Judge seeks to make sure
that the right course of action is taken, that the creature:
who truly need to be destroyed are done in, while balance
and perspective are maintained among hunters themselves.

n in-game interpretation of how she

Your character's creed is therefore his philosophy about
the World of Darkness as he now understands it, his take on
abominations and how he should deal with them. Thus, his
creed is a factor of his identity and belief system, not of any
outward institution.

That last point is key to understanding and depicting
your character as a realistic person and a human being. She
is an individual with ideas and beliefs. Those values deter-
mine how she responds to an apocalyptic world controlled
by unspeakable beasts. Her answer to the truth is a product
of who she is and the ideals she upholds. Thus, even though
your character wields bizarre powers, she is still human. Her
approach to the hunt is on individual and personal terms,
not along any regimented or social lines. Your character is
herself first, with her own ideas and concerns. She attacks,

saves or outwits the supernatural because that's what she
believes in doing. Her creed is simply a handle with which to

identify her reaction.
So, when you create your character, don't decide "I
wanna play onc of those people who sacrifices himself all the

time." Rather, decide who your character is as a person —
before he's imbued — and then choose a creed that suits that
identity. Or let the Storyteller assign your character a creed
based on his first instinctive reaction to the unknown.

Because the hunt is so personal, hunters don't widely
recognize creeds as classifications among their kind. The
chosen simply seem to pursue different agendas: some that
coincide and others that clash violently. Only among hunt-
erswhocommunicate often, such as individualson hunter-net,
have lines begun to be drawn between hunter factions. These
divisions are less conscious than they are unconscious; con-
tributors to the site tend to break off into circles of the
like-minded, where they share their triumphs and frustra-
tions and search out ways to convince the others that they
have the answers to the questions that plague all hunters.
The vague divisions that exist between camps are evident in
the numerous names applied to the creeds; no group has any
one title or identifier that's used universally.

So by all means, write your character's creed on your
character sheet. However, rather than decide how she acts in

keeping with that "group," decide how that group coincides
with her values. The ways in which she copes with the hunt
and reality itself follow naturally from there.

What follows are comments from various members of
each creed expounding on various aspects of what they and I

their fellow hunters do.

y

a ne ey en ge |

we


HUNT ER:YHERECKONING ae ee

» People say the Coehe snide to Hell. They're wrong. Hell's f | | ;

La es come to the world and. qwe're the thin red line.

= remember atime, not solongago, —_ too... enthusiastic. They say we must carry the war

when night meant rest. When not all your dreams yy") to the ones that started it. Remind your fellows
that those who take up the burden of war find it

J difficult to set aside. Think of carrying your war

Z4 home tothe people you fight for. Think of what
4 your dying does for them: It leaves their protec-

used to claim that politics moti-

vated their killings. My mother, a

| knew the violence you are capable of to save the. y 49 fae
life of another. If you can recall such peace, con- tion in the hands of persons with agendas i }
sider yourself lucky and learn from my misfortune. different from your own. In this conflict,
In my country, for my whole life, night has - there can be no truer form of defeat. When
always been when fools with guns or 7 battle is the only way, remember that even
clubs wander under cover of darkness the bravest of your fellows need someone
fool of another sort, believed those

wh

La

were nightmares. A time before you joined the {
hunt, before you stood to defend all that you have. y.

a
and everything that you are. A time before you }) =

{to guard the flanks. And remember that
hunters sometimes need protection from
their own foolhardiness. Any attack car-
ried out with ease is probably a trap.
And anyone who finds shame in a

to murder their neighbors. They

claims and thought herself one of the
"tight people." She died at the hands of

her own tribe. What she never realized is
that war does not care, which is why we

successful retreat probably wasn't part
of it. Answer all who accuse you of
cowardice, for losing the trust of your
associates makes you less effective at
protecting them and others.

must care. For youand I to protect the ones we love, P
we must recognize that we are at war. Perhaps a "
demon-people walk the night now because normal
people gave their hearts to hatred, then they #
changed to match their hearts. Whatever the
reason, you know such creatures are among us. It
could be that nations everywhere are like mine
now, except their nights are full of wandering {
killers that need no weapons. Instead, you and I
and our kind must take up the gun, the spear, the
chain — whatever works — to keep the demon-
people at bay.

There are no eager warriors
among us. That kind dedicate them-
selves to revenge, it seems. Our kind

\ are reluctant to fight, yet resolute.

2

Let others chase the adversary back
to its lair. Watch over them as you
are able, but preserve hearth and

home most fiercely. Lose your loved
‘ones and you are almost sure to lose
yourself to anger soon after. Do that and you risk
Whatever you were before the world changed, you becoming a threat yourself.
are now a soldier. Perhaps you always were, or pethaps
a firefighter, or a member of the constabulary. On the
schoolyard, you were the one who dragged bullies off the
children too small to fight for themselves. If you kept
your eyes open as you aged, you realized that the world
was much like the schoolyard, except the aggressors
multiplied even as people like you seemed to vanish.
Maybe watching others lose themselves and become part 4
of that mob is what lets you see through the demon-

Weaknesses: Withdrawal into isolation is
the most common problem that affects Defend-
ers. Only a handful start out as so-called
survivalists, but many gravitate to such lives in
short order. Defenders with family go this
route as their fears grow. It's a natural re-
sponse: The more you see out there, the more
inadequate simple barsandalarmsseem. Home
{fortification itself is routine among hunters

people's disguises. ty and hardly a problem. If you live in a
Caution and caring are all that separate gen fortress and won't leave it for fear of
hunters from mobs. Sometimes you must em- a4 : what you might come home to find,

body those qualities when your associates grow 4 i seek help.

eh Oe a ee te.
i ee rrrr—"—‘—*FE


More troublesome are loners, Defenders who typically
lack family and transfer that protective urge to fellow hunt-
ers. Restraint at the wrong time can cost an advantage or
even lives. Regret for such casualties eats at the hearts of
these imbued.

A scarier form of transference occurs to a Defender who
identifies or sympathizes so strongly with the enemy that he
comes between hunters and prey. It's a rare turn of events,
but a Defender who has some tie to a target (Surprise, your
Uncle Jimmy's a creature of the night!) might give his life
trying to save it. Scariest are Defenders who claim it's not
their place to judge. They see hunters and monsters as
predators who all need to be kept apart and leashed.

Apocrypha: Traditionalists interpret the world's dire
circumstances as part of a test that must be undergone to
guide the rest of humanity through as well. Some of you
establish urban "missions" to simultaneously satisfy the urgings
of faith and to install protectorates in cities. Everything from
tutelary gods to angels turn up in your favorite explanations
of the Messengers.

Noteworthy among nontraditionalists are the Con-
cience of Earth followers, who hold tent revivals and preach
about the "awakening of the joint conscience of the world's
peoples." Everything the group says sounds pretty innocuous,
but cities that have hosted this bunch have also seen masked
hunters interfere with local activities.

You "antitraditionalist" Defenders reject religion as divi-
sive or oppressive. You see abuse and corruption everywhere,
and also did so before being imbued. Your ideas about the
Messengers are creative to say the least: "Man, it's ESP c:
by psychotropic drugs the CIA put in our LSD" or "The Earth
Mother chose us tosave her from mutant toxophagic polluters,
these guys who, like, live off poisons...."

No matter how you interpret your hunter role, your
greatest prize is the world itself. If you cannot claim a place
for humanity to live safely, what point is there in living?

used

The Imbuing: Budding Defenders seem to confront the
most single-minded of creatures, ones that appear to have a
specific target and that ignore all others. Some of you speak

Sh » ae pest gs Bs

Svenzoryres
Avengers — Every war needs warriors, and
these guys'll take the fight to the enemy's doorstep.

Bystanders — Just because they choked when
it mattered doesn't mean they can't help now... but
not by watching my back, thank you.

Innocents —They don't belong ina fight like
this. They're the ones we're trying to save.

Judges — They consider every option, even
though the course is obvious to us.

Martyrs — Probably the group that's closest
to us, but they don't even know it.

Redeemers — If they catch you straying from
the straight and narrow, look out!

Visionaries — They're full of ideas, but not
always good ones... that fellow showing off his
powers on television was imprudent.

The Enemy — They're everywhere. Safety first.

of a first foe that seemed as unwilling to harm you as it was
determined to kill its intended victim. Others describe sieges
mounted against your own homes or workplaces, situations

that required quelling the terror around you even as you
fought off your attackers.

Character Creation: Defenders start with high Percep-
tion scores, lots of Empathy and ample Willpower. They can
be extremely judgmental toward people they see as indiffer-
ent or careless. Many possess the Allies Background in the
form of family, a congregation or a neighborhood watch
association. Soldiers or police may have the Contacts Back-
ground to indicate such affiliations.

Starting Conviction: 3

A. K. A.: Protectors, Fences, Dead-eyes, the Cavalry;
Verteidiger; Défenseurs

CHAPYER3: THE HUNT ER'S CRE

, Uw


What's wrong with you? That's not how zombies act in the
movies at all! Here, let me show you....

45 w@ <A

Do a ba dae treat you a you were Se ¥ to be, but we can never be any better than we try to be.
‘on your head as a kid? Things might be different That may also be true of the folks some of you call
where you are, but around here, "Innocent" might / % 4 the wicked or the accursed or just monsters. They
as well mean "idiot." It's not like we don't do our might be in pain! Ask your buddies if they ever
share. It could just be that everybody else takes thought about that! If an animal is hurt, it may
this stuff so seriously that they forget monsters lash out at anybody. Some of these poor folks, these
aren'talways bad. Just like hunters aren't "monsters," seem like trapped beasts. Course, some

always good.

Sometimes the others don't care i {
if a crime is a creature's fault or not,
even when they've seen that "crea-
ture" acting normal and talking to}

of you are saying to yourselves, "How are we
supposed toknow that?" Well, that's why you're
blessed! That's why there are healers among us
to put us back together when we get hurt
helping out the less fortunate. And you can't

help people by shooting them. The only rea-
son you'll ever see a gun in my hands is to keep
it out of somebody else's.
Plenty of hunters are ready to wipe out
4 anything that looks less than normal. You
have to make them think twice before they do
awful things. You're with them to show that
hunters don't have to act wicked to stop
wicked acts. Start small. Get everybody to
pray together after somebody gets killed,
no matter who it was. If you can start
them thinking like human beings, they'll
start seeing themselves that way. Maybe
they'll see others that way one day,
but they have to believe in their

his neighbors and mowing the
grass. If you don't speak up, no-
body will. And when it's too late,
everybody gets all quiet, and
they get mad if you ask why {%
it had to happen that way.
They tell you, "Cause we
kill things." You tell them that
people are not things. They tell
you these things only look like
people. You tell them some folks
like to say that about the people
they want to hurt. They ask you
tohelp themsteal something, like
a car or a big gun, so they can
hunt with it. You ask them what
they would do if somebody stole
their stuff. They ask you to carry a
gun. When they say they won't
carry a gun if you will, you tell
them "Okay!" That way you can
cut down on the chance of some-
body else doing something
everybody may regret.

"Doing right by everybody
caught up in the hunt is just im-
possible." You've heard some
hunter say those words, or ones
close to them. A year ago, though,
the same person would have said
all the things us hunters can do
and see are impossible! Seems to
me a little faith is in order. We
may never be as good as we want

own goodness first.
Weaknesses: It's sort of
funny that the Innocent have so much trouble
with feeling guilty, but that's life. After you try every-
thing youcan to keep the misguided from hurting somebody,
sometimes you have to hurt them, too. Sometimes you have
\ to do worse than hurt them, or help one of your friends do

S

it. But you can't let guilt slow you down or the hurting just
never stops.

Some of you get so upset over the hunt you just curl
up and want to die. It'll sneak up on you. You'll catch
yourself praying your aim is steady or giving thanks

because whatever that thing was, it finally stopped
| moving. Next thing you know, you're figuring out ways
to not go hunting, to not go outside so you won't even
see one of "them." Lying in bed crying all day is adead
giveaway that you got the
hunter's blues. The worst part
is, there's usually nobody you

<a ee SE Lome Cee Py een gO eee


can tell except other hunters, and seeing them can start you
feeling bad all over again. A few just can't handle it. There
was a fellow who ran with us, left us a note that said, "I'm
done." Haven't seen a lick of him since. Hope he managed
to give the blues the slip.

What you really have to watch out for is shamming.
You know, "Keeping up with the Joneses." Trying to be
like everybody else on a hunt will make you crazy. Be
yourself and keep ahold of your soul. Start acting all hard
and harsh, next thing you know you'll be that way. And
nothing's harder to find again than lost innocence. Might
be that once it's gone, it's gone for good. Some use the
word "innocent" to mean impressionable. If that's true of
you, maybe you should be trying to leave an impression on
them instead.

Apocrypha: Why does anything happen? Why dopeople
worry about it so much? We have invisible friends who look
out for us all. They want us to look out for everybody else and
to keep people from hurting each other. That way we can all
be around when something better comes along; we can all
reap the reward. What's so hard to understand?

The Imbuing: Run-ins with things that look a lot worse
than they act are typical when Innocents get the Power. A lot
of you are really good at calming people's fears, sometimes
with nothing other than words. Those of you who mix it up
with a critter dead-set on mayhem usually try talking him or
her — or it — out of whatever badness is under way. Doesn't
always work, and a few of you have the scars to prove it, but
that doesn't stop you from trying the same trick again later.

Character Creation: Many Innocents have Charisma as
their foremost Attribute, and high Empathy is a must. Oth-

erwise, because Innocence wears so many different faces,

Srerzoryees

Avengers — They're very angry, sometimes
for no obvious reason. :

Bystanders — I try to show them some
respect since most of the others don't.

Defenders — I feel safe when they're around.

Judges — Even when they do stuff that
doesn't seem to make sense (like that guy on
TV), they've got a plan in mind.

Martyrs — There already was a Jesus.

Redeemers — They seem like nice people,
but they talk a lot.

Visionaries — We understand each other.

The Enemy — If we could just understand
them, all this trouble would be over.

there are few generalities that can be stated about this creed.
Innocents can be children, but roleplaying them in a "realis-
tic" settingcan be difficult. Better candidates are the shielded,
the uncomplicated and the endlessly hopeful.

Starting Conviction: 3

A.K. A.: The Blessed, Bait, Optimists, Fools


a 6 Aix

HUNTER: THERECKONING

a | {
T accuse you. Not simply of being corrupt, but of being a
corrupter, of making every person around you — even your
‘accusers — more like you. How do you plead?

J What you do is not about justice, because what you; questions in situations you'd never have imagined

=

|

}
y

fight isn't crime. It's abomination... corruption of hu- otherwise. That was After.
manity, body and soul, by things that look like people to i
the people around them. But the freaks can't hide from

x After is like being in another world, except
© y the real world hasn't gone anyplace — nor have

d,

the hard choices that you've got to make. You just
know there are aspects of the world that
go unseen by most of the populace.
You know the right thing might be
to tell them, Look, see what we
share the planet with? But you
know better because they
\ can't see what's plain to
you. There'll come a time
soon when we'll know what
we face and where it hides,
Once that's true, going public may
be more than the safe course; it might be
the only one. It's difficult to tell, but some
people seem to serve the forces we fight but
not realize that they're pawns in a war! Not
possessed ones or anything like that, just
dupes. And who knows whose ear the
opposition might be bending right now?
Until we have a clue, discreet valor is the
only way.
In the meantime, keep your
mouths shut and your eyes open. It
seems unfair, like the sighted making
decisions for the blind without con-
sulting them. Rely on th
frequently going to hate the things
you have to do. You hate the lying
— to family, to friends, to associates
\\ —but the truth is deadly. Telling it
i} to someone who can't see the truth
istantamount tosigning their death
sentence, not to mention your own.
You hate having to judge another
hunter, to decide whether some-

s, even executioner at once. It's hard sometimes,
ause killing a beast of prey is still killing.

It's even harder when that beast hides its
nature behind a perfect mask. Then, there
are times when you get asked to do the
impossible, when you know one of these
things is hiding inside somebody, not some

*

you and me, which is why we have to be judge, jury a

trick of flesh, notsomething dead that just
doesn't know it yet. And the others, they
look to you, they wait for you to decide, to
choose whether some unlucky soul lives
or dies, and all you can think is, No, not
me, not again — that and, How the Hell did
I wind up here, doing this?

‘The answers that you're doing what
you do because you question it and you

question. your part in it. If you're dedi-
cated, you make a thousand decisions,

large and small, in the course of
every hunt: Will silver work this
time? Do we involve those civil-
ians or not? Can this one be

fore it kills someone else? The
problem with being too dedicated is it
can make you dead. At which point, all your
careful weighing of the facts is over. It's a ques-

tion of balance, and of knowing how much
balance is too much, if that makes any sense to

‘ou are

"exorcised," or do we just kill the
| poor bastard it's controlling be-

you. Probably it does. You probably spenta lot of
your time Before making these same sorts of
decisions as a doctor, social worker, military
person, or even as... a judge. No matter what you
did day by day, there were always questions at

qv the back of your mind: Does what I do matter?
Does it make things better? Can the world pos- when you hate killing the most,
sibly be improved by removing some of the when it seems that what you
people who are in it? Then, one day, you do, what all hunters do, is
found yourself asking those same [= doomed to fail. But stronger

natin = 188 eee ee wee ee
a ee

one on your side is more of a
menace than the enemy. That's


than your hatred of the dark, hard place you now know
the world to be is your fear of what it might become if
nobody makes the hard choices. Your choices.

Srerzoryres

Avengers — Useful, but dangerous if they go
unguided. Look whathappened to the one whowent
on that news show.
Bystanders — Their usefulness should be de-
cided on a case-by-case basis.
Defenders—Honorable people who understand
temperance and fairness. They're often the hunters
who alert us when "things" get out of order.
Innocents — The epitome of the defenseless hu-
man. These people are the best of us. Their steadfast
belief in doing the right thing focuses our mission.
Martyrs — Walking exercises in futility, but
necessary ones. Offenses against humanity are al-
ready pervasive. How much does our cause benefit
from participants who seek victimization?
Redeemers — Essential to our success. They're
the only ones able to save any abomination that can
become human again. Unfortunately, they aresome-
times too quick to pardon the guilty.
Visionaries— Valuable to the war we wage, but
they may be too fond of doing it "their way."
The Enemy — As diverse as the people who
hunt them. To tell the truth, a few can make better
allies than some hunters.

Weaknesses: Indecision is the bane of your existence.
Every Judge faces it at some point. Expect it, but don't let it
become a constant. That's just an invitation for other
hunters tosideline you or follow anybody's counsel. Free-for-
alls endanger the very people you try to protect and also draw
attention from the law. As tough as you have to be on
yourself and your fellows, real judges are sure to be a lot less
understanding than you are.

The other extreme is no better: Megalomania is believ-
ing that you — and only you — know what's right on the
hunt. You're there to keep it orderly, to remind hunters of
who they are and what they do — and don't do. You're not
there to think for them. Remember your place, but make sure
others know theirs, too.

Legalistic Judges are a pain in our collective ass. There's
a fine line between establishing and maintaining a code of
behavior and becoming hidebound. If you're always certain,
you haven't thought of all the questions.

Apocrypha: You know the signs of Judgment Day's
approach when you see them. Many of you gather informa-
tion before the end. After all, tactics without intelligenc
suicide. Many of you regularly cite Revelation or Nostradamus
or The Book of the Dead. Others, insistent in your belief that
hunters like us are not new at all, point to Joan of Arc or
Bernadette of Lourdes as our predecessors. They said and did
what was right to save their worlds, and so should you.

A good number of youclaim to have found faith for the first

is

time thanks to the evils you face and your quests for answers. Judges talk about their Becoming in terms of a test where you
Others say your notions of a benevolent or guiding force in the have to identify the most imminent threat and deal with it
universe have been undone or obliterated by the changes in the first. The tests you face only get harder from there.
world. Half of you think events have brought you closer to your Character Creation: Judges have outstanding Wits or
loved ones, half feel you've never been more distant. Perception ratings but can waver in terms of Willpower.
The most proactive Judges take part in their communities Whether they use force or finesse, they are always mediators
through outreach programs and the like, as much to monitor _in any situation. Their determination to obtain all the data
their localities and run efficient hunts as to steady their relevant to reaching an important decision makes Investiga-
conflicted feelings about their activities. And about them- tion a fitting Ability. Many Judges come from professions
selves. Consider this advice from the voice of experience. that require ethical oversight of and by their peers; some of
The Imbuing: A common denominator among Judges _ these fields (law, medicine) are quite lucrative, so consider
—ararity among other hunters — is having to face multiple the Resources Background for such characters.
freaks your first time out. These are usually things fighting Starting Conv 23
each other, rather than threatening people directly — A. K. Act Justices, Lawgivers, the Law; Jueces |
which is not to say people can't get hurt in the process. Some

|


HUNTER THERECKONING

4

Think of all the things you'd give up to
push back doomsday. All set? Okay, if the
lise starts with your life and includes your
soul, you might be a Martyr. Other hunters
may sacrifice their lives to destroy the
unforgiven. Martyrs have been known to sacti-
fice their futures — to pawn every belonging, break

s every tie and even blot out their own good names
for the cause. My advice is, "Lighten up," if
there's a prayer that it'd make any differ-
ence. As it stands, we're the most screwed
up, drama-addicted, self-tormenting hunt-
Granted, some of us are stoic to a sickening
}

ers you can find... and a damn fine bunch
despite all that.

extent, but that's just high drama in a muzzle. What we
all ultimately wane is to star in our own passion plays.
Whether that's because we feel there

something
that we have to atone for or because we see salvation
in sacrificing ourselves for others varies for every
Martyr. Is it that you cheat on your companion? On
your taxes? Lie on your résumé? Are you queer?
Kinked? Do you masturbate to excess? Steal cable
TV?Shoplift? Getover it, honey. This is not about
you. As for the rest of you saints, you can use your
bodies to shield all the little old ladies and or-
phans you want, but if getting clawed up and beat
on makes you hot, it's a sin. i
End of editorial. |
Actually, wha
ing a Martyr is how many of you seem to blossom
under the stress of the job (don't fool your-
selves, we got hired). And lots of you (all right,
me too) are more satisfied with your lives than
ever before. Not happy, mind you, but satis-
fied. You push yourselves till you drop,
volunteer for every duty, take point on the
hunt, then spend the next week bitching
about whata hard lot you have and how badly
the world chafes your poor shoulders.

troubles me most about be-

Why do other hunters put up with
us? Because they know we'll take a bullet
for them. We'll give blood, breath and
body to keep the others alive, and the

a eV et

OM}

same goes for civilians. A few of you have even confessed to
"murders" committed by other hunters and have gone to
prison to preserve their families. y
Probably it's my Catholic roots that make me notice this,

but there sure are lots of clergy doing the Martyr thing, though
not just nuns and priests. Alll persuasions turn up, and they run
the gamut. Working with these people in circum-
stances that are not very religious has made me
understand for the first time that donning the
cloth doesn't make you into some denominational
robot. Which is another way of saying churchly folk
can be just as messed up as the rest of us. Despite
all our flaws, though, I'd give anything to be a
Martyr as opposed to any other kind of hunter.

Even my life.
Weaknesses: If you keep doing what you
do because you enjoy the suffering — isn't that
why you got picked? — it all boils down to one
fact. The undeniable truth is that some of you
out there are devoted masochists. You may call it
something else — bad luck, an ugly job that some-
4, _ body has to do. You may deny that you have this
i problem. Keep things in focus: You're here to de-
=" liver punishment where it's needed, not endure
punishment for whatever reason.

Masochism, incomprehensible as it is to
me, at least implies that you're ready to get out
there and face the opposition. The self-denial
\ nuts among you sometimes carry things so far

that you're literally not prepared for what we
do — which endangers all of us! A woman

$4 around here took to fasting, in part to help
feed the families of people who'd died in the
hunt, and in part to "cleanse" herself before
combat. One night she passed out in the car
on the way toa fight! Then there was

b the guy who started living in the
group's hideaway. Turned out

F he'd sold everything he owned

an to buy the rest of us gear! It's
hard to knock selflessness like
that, but after a few weeks no-
body wanted him around — he
had no place to bathe. Please,


people, you can't be responsible for the welfare of others
if you won't take care of yourselves.

Maybe it needs to be made clear that "take care of
yourselves" means personal health and hygiene, not "We've
all done terrible things and don't deserve to live." If you really
feel the need to snuff yourself — and you know who you are
— at least give your allies a chance to bow out. Ergo,
dynamite vests are lousy options. And besides, they may not
affect the enemy you face.

Apocrypha: There's a terrifying theory making the
rounds, thanks to one of you gloom-and-doomers, that basi-
cally suggests the world has already ended and we're all in
Hell! Pessimism, thou art a Martyr.

Meanwhile, most of the rest of you agree to disagree on
the countless imminent end-of-the-world scenarios: Only a
hundred God-fearing WASP couples of child-producing
age will survive the coming cataclysm; only gays and lesbi-
ans will survive the coming cataclysm; only the 88 most
beautiful celebrities will survive the coming cataclysm.
Whatall these outcomes have in common is that you— you
alone, you and other hunters, you and whoever else can be
convinced to believe you're right — will make it happen by
performing the Ultimate Sacrifice.

Hey, at least the next world will be better than this one.

The Imbuing: The talkative among you commonly
describe your First as "relentless" or "a killing machin
seen you modest types nod in agreement. Considering the
abuse most Martyrs take when they join the ranks, it's a
wonder any of us is alive for any sequel.

Character Creation: Martyrs start with above-average
Stamina and usually have high Empathy. Exceptions to the
latter case include people who practice various forms of self-

Srazorvees
Avengers — What they lack in toughness
they make up for in brutality.

Bystanders — Come suffer alongside the rest
of us. It's not too late.

Defenders — They sacrifice initiative for se-
curity (with the exception of that guy on TV, Mr.
"Hi-America-I'm-a-monster-hunter-and-you're-

all-endangered-couch-potatoes").

Innocents — Wide-eyed naiveté is notaquali-
fication for hunting monsters.

Judges — These folks make us look like ama-
teurs when it comes to doing the right thing.

Redeemers — The ones who agonize about
this job as much as we do.

Visionaries — These people are just out of
touch enough to be onto something.

The Enemy — Punishment incarnate. So
what's that make us?

sacrifice for the attention or approval it earns them. Many
members of this creed start with substantial Resources but

give them away, abandon them or otherwise lose them.
Starting Conviction: 4
A. K. A.t Cassandras, Losers, Masochists, Fuck-ups


HUNTER THERECKONING

Itall comes down to triage. Who's dead, who's hurt, who
can be -d? The others may be here to take lives in order to
preserve the lives of others. Your job is to save lives or figure out
whether any life remains to be saved. You watch somebody get
reduced to cinders by the light of the sun — pale winter
sunlight, at that — and it makes you wonder: Are these things
really "alive"?Can you heal a walking contagion? Is there a way
toredeem a plague that thinks? Hey, they don't cover this stuff
in medical ethics! The problem here is that the things we hunt
— some call them "the Afflicted" — look like human beings
(more orless), ,  talklike human beingsand appear to crave
survival YY the way human beings do. None of
which, in ~ Ve |
my book, Xi ' tes
certifies them oN f ‘4
as such, and YS) }
yet... you * \ t {
give them yy
the benefitof
the doubt.
Your first im-
pulse after
seeing one is
probably, How
can I help? You
treat them the way
you would the de-
ranged... the way you hope
someone would treat you, God help
you, should you become one of them.

Speaking of which, did you ever
wonder why we — hunters in general
— seem to be immune to vampire or
werewolf bites? At least, we don't be-
come like them iftheybiteus.Noanswers
here, just a suggestion that you avoid such
wounds — they still hurt. Maybe "Af-
flicted" is a better label than
anyone realizes. Maybe we're
the antibodies forHomosa-
piens as a whole. Sure,
there could be a mon-
ster virus, why not?
It's no harder to
believe than,

|
!
|

!
|

Pe- me tee, |

a Ney Ca, Ge, Sy

say, some Bela Lugosi-Lon Chaney rematch where the partici-
pants don't wear make-up and, well, aren't actors.

Take my advice:
your buddies in one pie

ave the theories to the prophets. Keep
, patch up victims as you're able, and
life. People talk all the time about
." bue nothing in all my years of trying

save lives. Or maybe si
"life-and-death struggl
tohelp people made that phrase resound in my mindasliterally
as it does now. These days, it
in at regular interva
sonify death, or if you believe death can sometimes be good,
run-ins with the Afflicted can make you question everything.
Which is probably my way of backing into the
subject you've been waiting for as much as I've
been dreading it: killing. Death is not always the
opposition, as any terminal patient in intermi-
nable pain can tell you. But there's a difference
4 _ between helping someone ease into peace
} and helping to put down ,
the two-legged
™ '

Le sys

if the Four Horsemen gallop

Is. If you've trained yourself to not per-

Ont

|

|


equivalent of a rabid dog. The dog didn't plan to get rabies.
What if hunters aren't immune to this "monster virus" or
whatever's out there? What if we just haven't seen anyone get
"properly" exposed yet? What if somebody who saved your life
turns up as one of these things? Let me say for the record that
if you suffer such ultimate bad luck and try to share it with me,
I'm going to "contain the infection." Once that's done, if
anything's left of the real you, all my energy will go into
salvaging you, no matter what any other hunter has to say.

My hope is that you would do the same for me.

Weaknesses: Messianic complexes bedevil the practitio.
ners of redemption. Redeemers may be worse than Avengers
when it comes to establishing themselves at the heart of their
own religions. The Power can come to mean more than the
hunt. Unlike Avengers, who can have their own cult follow-
ings yet manage to remain effective hunters, some Redeemers
drift away from the hunt altogether toward a "purer" calling.

Avarice seduces even more of our kind. A lot of Re-
deemers start out doing the occasional "miracle" for some
moneybags-type, just to support the hunt. Next thing you
know, that dough starts looking a lot better than risking your
neck to reconnect somebody else's — and then it's "private
practice" time. Money by itself is no evil, and having it
sure make the hunt safer (though seldom easier). Bue it
should always be a means, never an end.

Absolutist Redeemers, the ones who stick to the hunt but
develop god complexes of a different sort, are the worst. If
you've never seen one in action, count your blessings. They're
the Redemption-on-my-terms-only types who can't — or
won't — see any alternatives beyond healing some freak or
killing it. When they start dictating how the hunt itself needs
to go down, it might be time to find a new Redeemer.

Apocrypha: Redeemers try to understand what's hap-
pened to you and your world through experience — or lack
of it. You scientists, professionals, researchers and the merely
informed perceive your states in logical terms — Chernobyl
aftereffects, prion infection, general degradation of the bio-
sphere — and see gloom on the horizon based on the same
factors. Someone has to do something about it. The ignorant,
uninformed or disillusioned — although no less concerned
for others — fill in the gaps with whatever meaning you can:
blessing, damnation, personal purpose, a government plot.
To the latter, your powers and role simply complement the
corrupt world; someone has to try to save the hopeless or
deserving if anything good is to follow.

Ultimately, most Redeemers perceive one purpose for
themselves: We're here to help. Yours is the task to save those
who cannot save themselves. In some cases, when a body can't

Sracorvres

Avengers — Holy terrors.

Bystanders — They're brave to risk the same
dangers that we do without the abilities we have.

Defenders — The most tolerant of the intol-
erant ones.

Innocents — They can get into big trouble,
but they keep us sane and centered.

Judges — Their job may be tougher than any
other hunter's.

Martyrs — If they want to hurt themselves,
they should do it in private and spare the rest of us
— and the viewers at home.

Visionaries — The strangest of us by a mile,
but good to have around.

The Enemy — Wounds to be healed... or
rotted extremities to be amputated

be healed, saving a monster literally means deprogramming it
—helping undo the conditioning that created it. The subject
may be willing, witha human soul trapped beneath the surface,
or salvation may be imposed through force and punishing
treatments until the evil side is broken. The lucky among us
can find and redeem perhaps one soul after all our efforts, but
we never stop looking for others.

So we all have the same purpose, yet with some of you,
as ifthe rest of us should avert our eyes when you pass. Not

it
that you ask us to, naturally, but the expectation seems there
nonetheless. Some of you holier-than-thou types are about as
trying as you are handy.

The Imbuing: Someone invariably gets hurt during the
making of a Redeemer. You've been there: severed arteries,
compound fractures, snapped necks. You've worked the
miracles, you've stared at your own hands like they were
never yours. You may also have worked a little magic on the
cause of the mayhem.

Character Creation: Redeemers often couple Dexterity
with some high Mental Attribute. Keep in mind that Abili-
ties relating to Medicine are far from essential to plying
Redemption. It's the hunter's urge to make things right, not
being able to do so already, that matters.

Starting Conviction: 3

A. K. A.: Menders, Deprogrammers, Confessors,
Healers; Curadores

LAPPPpppL

Redeem

PpppPpLpopf,
eS en ee 4 ee


Admit it. You're the type who believes in an eye for arf@y
and a tooth for a tooth. All of our kind do. You may be more
forgiving than some or more brutal than others, but for you,
justice is retribution. Chances are, even if you live someplace
that doesn't practice capital punishment, you advocate it any-
way. "Things wearing human faces" used to mean
something different. They were rapists, serial killers,
psychos who never knew what conscience was. Now
you know "monster" isn'tjusta figure of speech, and youknow
how cunning the opposition is, how dangerous. What hasn't
changed is how to deal with the problem. Old monstersand new
‘ones rate the same treatment: death. In your old life, you'd
have jumped at the opportunity to throw the switch or

deliver a lethal injection. Nowadays, your opportunities,
your choices, are swinging a blade or pulling a trigger —

thar, or just standing by. And that's no choice at all a

What's weird is that bloodthirstiness actu-
ally seems to preclude some people from
hearing the Call with you. A buddy of
mine always used to say torture was a
good thing. He was there my first time,
when it all went down. He didn't see or
hear a damn thing, though. In fact, he was
part of the crowd that rushed out of the
bank. He still spouts off about criminals
being killed, but he has no idea what
he's talking about — and I can't tell
him what's really going on. I don't
think he could take the real thing,
and ifhe knew, he might be this far
from being part of the problem
You know, a rogue, somebody
who goes too far and doesn't
careifregularpeoplegethurt "yp
in the process. f

iy

It's weird because, of
all hunters, we're the ones
likeliest to shed blood (or
whatever some of those
things have inside them).
The others lack propor-
tion, the idea that the
punishment has to fit the
crime. Of course, once you
start talking about monsters against hu-
man beings, about how you "punish"
something that sees you
the way you see
cattle, maintain-
ing a "balanced
sensibility" is tricky.

SS don't do. Theft, that's one thing, but killing somebody over

ca ee a ees: ote

——

nr

Asa kid, you might've imagined yourself as Penfght or
maybe a gunslinger. Maybe that self-image guided you in
adulthood and you became a cop ora prison guard ora bounty
hunter. Or maybe it helped end your career when you blew the
whistlgon youcemployer: OF it could've remained a fantasy
because youneverhad what it took to make othersdo the right
thing. Then again, you could be like me — that is, nobody's
paragon of virtue, but still sure that there are things you just

stuff? That's wrong and that'll get you killed.
You may lie to yourself and say you don't
believe in justice, but the fact is you
believe in your justice. For some of us,
that happens to coincide with what the
courts hand out. For them, the sys-
tem works and what we do is a
necessary evil: "Ifthe
government had
people like you
and me, we
wouldn't be do-
ingthis."Someseethe
system as ailing and themselves as the cure.
And for some, "justice" is a tool of the enemy,
ahuman idea being used by monsters to cover
up the most horrible shit imaginable.
* You think corporate prisons are good
\ "4 business? Try thinking of them «
game preserves.

Not that you should change
your mind about anything. Folks
in our "line of work" rarely do. Do
people kid you about being hard-
v* headed? Inflexible? Get used to it,

because our kind has extreme views.
You might meet a colleague who
seems to share your perspective on
the hunt, but then his ideas start
to get pretty out there on other
religions, races or sexual prefer-
ences. Suddenly, you see that
your "colleague" is a freakin'
\\ nut. Take your beliefs to
- the limit and others will
look the same way at you.
Try to remain objective.
Weaknesses: Extrem-
ism may be what brought
you into the fold, but it
might be what takes you
out of it, too. It seems like

[a —

. yy


lots of us believed for a long time — long before hearing the Call
—that whoever was running things had the wrong idea. That's
why somany of usare anti-government, from white-supremacist
militia members to black-separatist vigilantes, from Zapatista
rebels to Irish Republican Army soldiers. The trouble here is the

same as with any insurgency movement: Piss off the wrong

federales and they make you their hobby. Youdon't want to have

the authorities actively after your hide (they'll be trying to bust
you regardless, sodon't make it worse). Believe me, monstersare
bad enough by themselves. And if you're one of those who
believes monsters are the government, give me a day's notice
before you come to my town, okay? :

Intolerance goes hand in hand with some extremist activi-
ties. It's also part and parcel of some folk's religious beliefs
People with religious beliefs like that scare me. There are all-
white groups and all-black groups and all-Asian groups who say
their race is the only one that can hear the Call. Be smart and
keep a clear sense of who the enemy is here. You know those
murders of interracial couples in New England? The police are
clueless, but everything about the crimes says it's one of us....

Obsession is a major danger for us. From lunatics who
believe in preserving racial purity to nuts who'd blow up a
whole building because a monster lives in the penthouse —
you'll come across all varieties. Just don't join their ranks,
because that makes you the enemy. And you know what that
means. If youcan't remember the last time you had dinner with
your family, or the names of your family members, or whether
you have a family (or a job, for that matter), you're obsessed.

Apocrypha: You're probably very orthodox in your at-
tempts to explain your mission and why you were called to it.
Traditional notions of good and evil are fine by you. Onward
Christian soldiers. Crush the infidels. Make the world a better
place. Answers to "Why now?" vary from a cleansing in prepa-
ration for the Second Coming to a simple need for humanity to
finally reclaim the Earth. By this sort of reckoning, the Messen-
gers get construed as angels, the Holy Spirit or ancestor spirits.

Yet our kind tends to believe in one thing consistently:
ourselves. Maybe that's why hunter "cults of personality"
tend to have Avengers at their center. If you can ever get one
of these cult leaders to be candid, odds are he'll tell you there
are no Messengers, that the voices he hears are his own, that
his powers are his "destiny." Inall fairness, some of these folks
are among the most effective hunters around — but having
worshipers still makes you appear suspicious.

eS en Sey 2 pe fa et

Sramcorvess

Bystanders — Somebody else we'll have to avenge
tomorrow. Stay home.

Defenders — While there's certainly value to
having someone you can rely on to watch your back,
these guys need to learn that the best defense is an ass-
kicking offense.

Innocents — Figures it was one of these dumb-asses
who went on TV and got himself wasted.

Judges — We can't stand around waiting for their
famous "impartial decisions"; there's good and there's
evil, and evil must be punished.

Martyrs —Like us, these guys are willing to die for
the cause — but what good is dying if the cause fails?

Redeemers — Oh sure, let's "rehabilitate" mon-
sters. That's the friggin' ticket. Idiots.

Visionaries — Yeah, yeah, "vigilance and vision,"
yada yada yada. Choose wrong and pay the price.

The Enemy — Evil is as evil does. And when it
does, we come in and stop it dead.

The Imbuing: The call to Vengeance is always violent.
Someone — or something — almost always dies, whether it's
some civilian, his attacker or the hunter in question. You
were "reborn" amid death and consecrated in blood. Is it any
wonder that the hunters likeliest to fall to the enemy's level
are your own kind?

Character Creation: Avengers usually possess high
Physical Attributes, but can be weak or fearful people who
bolster themselves with weaponry. For the latter, choose
high Firearms ratings (and possibly the Arsenal Background),
coupled with Wits and/ or Alertness to reflect these charac-
ters' view of the world as basically menacing. Outlaws and
law enforcers are good starting concepts for this creed,
though callously murderous individuals on either side of the
law are not. Consider giving hunters who are cops or crooks
the Contacts Background.

Starting Conviction: 4

A. K. A.: Adjusters, Knights, Soldiers, the Wrath of
God; Vengadores

CHAPYER3: 1 HEHUNY ER'S CREED

A NOU SY oooh SS 5 Oo ee EE oy,

p


Ney Cn a, Sy

m
Claiming a world is a simple-sounding, two-fold process: We
must be patient and look carefully to discern our best path. And
‘we must pursue that path heedless of obstacles, whether nefarious
interference or the disbelief of our fellows. Neither impediment "4
a & keep us from our goals.
= % ad

Consider the possibilities: that we and . that with vast ct comes vast immaturity? Does every
our opponents (if that's the right word) may action we take in the "hunt" condemn us and our species in
be part of an evolutionary competition like fe | \ the view of incomprehensible beings? Or is it that beings

the one between Neanderthals and Cro-
Magnons; that both sides may be pawns
in a conflict between alien intelli-
gences; that we may embody the
forces of light and darkness in a war for
the fate of the world; that all these explana-
tions of our struggle may be true — or
completely false.

incomprehensible to us are incapable of sharing our
"values, and so they regard us as test subjects, vermin or
worse?
Asa Visionary, these are the questions that you
must entertain, and whatever wisdom you can
=, glean about the hunt —a potentially danger-
Yous name for our mission, by the way —
must be shared with other "hunters."

What every imbued person of Vision
brings to the mission is perspective. You {_/
have your theories, as do nearly all of us, ¥
about what is happening around us, but &
Visionaries strive to make understanding
essential to our activities. Judges get called
on to render decisions that have short-
term effects. You take the long view and
weigh factors that never occur to other
imbued — who probably consider you a
lunatic as a result. No matter. If you're
true to our calling, insults are ineffective
in swaying your attitudes. Which isnotto
say we don't value the respect of our peers
in this apocalyptic enterprise. In fact, the
extent to which we influence other imbued
is the measure of our own success.

dangerous as anything they might seek
to protect against. So, to
pose another question:
Arewe the brains of this
undertaking, its
4 science? Yes and yes.
And when some of us
are proven wrong? Expect
it to happen, for we cannot all be
right! In that instance, hope that
é J anydecisionsyouinfluenced came
out as well as they could, given
what you knew. Anyway, don't be
too hard on yourself. We're trying to
4 BBswer questions we don'teven know how toask,
ty Not that you need ideas on how to go your
own way, but pity the other imbued who literally
goafter who-knows-what. Think of them as stalk-
ing newly discovered species, and think of yourself
as a nature guide (or supernature guide, depend-
ing on your inclinations). My own to-do list
includes identification, tracking, classification,
mapping of lairs and isolation of proclivities or
weaknesses, when possible. Your emphases are
sure to vary, depending on your interpretation of
what we are all here to do, but the importance of
knowing thine "enemy" is paramount.

con-

But what success are we to pursue in the
larger sense? Is the goal of our mission the deter-
mination of whether war can be waged
compassionately? Is it defining the limits of tol-
erance when confronting what may or may not
be pure evil? Or is it simply some atavistic
contest for survival of the fittest? Maybe there's
a whole other battlefield that we're missing.

The perceptions and abilities we share
come to us seemingly for the purpose of being
used. Presumably, they're meant to be used on
entities whose existence we remain ignorant of
until the coincidental bestowing of those
abilities. But what if the entities themselves
— our "targets" —are bestowing
these powers? Does our
aggression prove to them

The more difficult task is often translating
such knowledge into practice. Many of you de-
scribe yourselves assome combination of diplomat,
general, dreamer and baby sitter.

Ie's already challenging to have

any meaningful exchange with


other Visionaries, given our independent ways. Trying to
marshal the divergent attitudes and approaches of the imbued
overall can seem impossible.

Here's hoping we have vision enough to meet that
challenge.

Weaknesses: Other hunters say we're all prone to nar-
rowness of focus, and so they call us Tunnel- Visionaries. Of
course, it's pointless to protest; we obviously can devote
ourselves to certain minor details. How about that pamphle-
teer who keeps harping on the mutagenic properties of
human saliva? And the way "monster particles" are spread by

kissing? Gang, keep some emotional distance from your pet
theories. Don't undermine your own authority by constantly
focusing on fringe matters. Remember the big picture.

Addiction affects those of us who pursue comprehension
of the Mysteries (Heralds, hunters, monsters) through mind-
altering substances. Exercise moderation.

Visionaries who conclude that hunters are better off not
hunting are typically called "traitors." Nevertheless, follow-
ing our own vision of the truth is what we do, anda few of you
believe humans are being used as catspaws at best and as
entertainment — of the gladiator variety — at worst. Need-

less to say, some of our more eager counterparts consider any
such stance blasphemy. If you decide inaction should be the
group's new course of action, make sure there are no Aveng-

ers behind you when you make the announcement.

Apocrypha: Maintaining your composure can be diffi-
cult with all the crackpot ideas seeping into Visionary heads.
A lot of them seem like plot rejects from The Twilight Zone:
The Messengers are our future selves trying to prevent a
mutant takeover of humanity in their past. Or, Hell is full and
we're seeing the backflow. Or, stuff like this happens every
thousand years, and Jesus was one of us. Or, the world is about
to end and we have to choose a new one. Who can say who
will be right till the last minute? What you do know is, no
imbued is certain of his ultimate purpose. It's up to you to

discover that purpose and seek alternatives to whatever ideas
may become popularly accepted. Pethaps the world hunters
| should seek apart from monsters is neither this nor the next,

but one of our own making.

Sremoryres

Avengers — Good or bad, they're the desire for
justice personified.

Bystanders — Given the widespread urge to dis-
miss them as failed hunters, perhaps they deserve our
scrutiny.

Defenders — They embody the instinct for self-
preservation.

Innocents — Apprentices who often take on the
characteristics of the others with whom they hunt.

Judges — Invaluable in the field, but possessed of
limited imaginations.

Martyrs — At their best, the rarest of individuals:
altruists.

Redeemers — Approaching the hunt as an epi-
demic to be quelled has merit; trying to explain it that
way to a mass audience does not.

The Enemy — Antagonistic labels may predeter-
mine our behavior in counterproductive ways, so keep
an open mind.

The Imbuing: Visionaries love to trade fi
because our experiences tend to vary so much. This one
distracted a creature so its victim could escape, that one
tricked an attacker into destroying itself. My own "opener to
the way" ended after it became apparent that the thing
confronting me couldn't face its own reflection. The only
constant to these tales appears to be how different Visionary
solutions seem to be.

Character Creation: Although many Visionaries pos-
sess superior Intelligence, some are average in that department
but excel at Manipulation — specifically at seeming to have
powerful intellects. Leadership and Expression are appropri-
ate Abilities for hunters of this creed. Visionaries sometime
have a concentration in Occult or Science, but an excep-
tional individual (ora charlatan) might straddle both fields.

st-time stories

Starting Conviction: 3

A. K. A.: Pathfinders, Wayfarers, Prophets; Hellseher



Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

co] a a 2)
Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit!. Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site: [http: //www hunter-net .org/home/chat htm

Waleonie t) i/Hu

Email Program

Subject: [Re: Choices

To: [ hunter.list@hunter-net.org .) | (©)

From:| doctor] 19 ‘| MSeae meSttyes

Copied To: |

The fact remains that most people are not worth saving. They are so far along the road that leads to
our enemy's state that they may be considered part of the problem rather than the solution. Imagine this
"road" asa continuum. The monsters who prey upon humans cluster toward one end that, for our purposes,
I call the bottom. Typical human beings are scattered along the line's length, some even among the
monsters themselves. After great effort, and perhaps at the expense of some measure of my sanity, I have

10" on this continuum. All those beneath I deem lost causes. Above it are most people, and
even a few so-called monsters. The difficulty is determining where a subject falls. Once I know, the course

of action is clear.


i (a: om A

"38a NOK 12] 2,uom pody ANOK ut 20100 ay puv SumuoD
aay ssossoy ayp ‘7D 12 210U81 NOK 19) pynoo aoua12suod snok

4 See OP Gees Oo ae
Spm OYM 2as 01 punosD payoo] Nok ‘papuvig .° MOA NOdN
SANIOSAC HLVAG,, *22104 aya pavay nok uaym s wy p

fi wang "1,uv9 nos mg aq 01 pasn sSunp Kom aya on uamas
puv fyasino€ 01 dooy ‘Kom sayio ay2 Yoo] 02 1uDM noX "sjnos
pun sarpog ‘spuyut syn pvars ‘ajdoad auad0uui ffo paaf Ky
"Yoo] nok azaymCuana Bury 29s nok mony "a10W.CuP SuuPaUL
OU anny Way? muy NOK sv pluom ayn puv afr] ‘2ouls auDs
ay? uaaq spy Surpony -as00) a404g [Jay J] UaYyar say]

"001 ‘11 ows Kpruainddo oym ajdoad
49410 ‘a3pap3 Sunpand aya us s4yi0 w 5400) orwsadsap 10ys pup
— a2vi unos pausnras yy -umu fo w1og 1999 Bunysou ayy] 290f D
yuu ang ‘advys unwny v :ssouyavp aya tw Surya ays yuu aga 02
a9 aw NOK jun ‘Komp 400] 01 pasvdard uana 24am NOX "3
00] 02 Suryzou !mopoys v asn{ spm asayp rsaif ry *49UL09 a4 D
pavmon umvip 3u19q fjasinok punof nok pu — nok 01 Sunjoa

ee

-
an

"Ee Eee

—_

S LIV 2 WOLLY2H9)" [
t

"JoU02 sapun som pyom ayn fo aaad ay anog "paysom
sBunp kom aya uo apuny v fo Sunpawos poy nok ry8noys
nok Kop aug "sty 24y 2q 01 pasoddns sanau som 31 ng
s128 ppiom aya pong uaaa 40 Jans9 moy sanDUL OU aniaans NOK
ayn spurwap aan fanvy nok prp a10y9 wyA\ "pa4anasiad
not 194 "sdtyspany ‘synvap ‘s1uapioon :ynia pap 1,upjnos nok
qyi NOK aw saaand masya 11 soMMEWOS "IndYffip som afr]

+dn mas8 nok
woym SuowD srudsnd pun s8ungis ay2 40 uMo Anos fo kjuof

» sdoysad puv spuatsf fo jnfpuvy v Kyqvqoxd ‘awn anok fo
asow papurwap 10y1 gol v ‘1uaurandv 40 awoy v :parvadxa aq I

Pynod sp pouiou sv 1809] 20 40 ‘afy pouLOU v poy Nox "kvm
siya aq 01 pasoddns 10u say, ‘st Suryunya daay nok Ny

1 PPpPZq —
suonpurwogo

aunya 7p aayp uodn asuaduooa. jim pup ‘som ky 02
Surpiooo aayp a¥pnl ym pun ‘aay wodn s28up aura
puss jim | pun "aay uodn awoo pua aya st mon,

a0YSS3A (uV3H aw

fo7es ¥ Ree ee Oe.

SMINOYD24 34.13 LNNH


Maybe you're insane. The people you love know some-

thing has changed, something is wrong with you. Ironically,
you must now endure this new existence for them. If they
can't see the truth, recognize the danger, then you have to
contend with it for them. You have to protect them, whether
they know it or not
It's not supposed to be this way... but now it's all you have.
On the surface, Hunter: The Reckoning is about

fighting monsters. Normal everyday people are con-
fronted with the fact that abominations walk the streets
and stalk the nights, feeding, harming, controlling and
killing. A hunter's self-chosen task is to fight the forces
of darkness.

All those things are true, but they're not what
Hunter is really about. This game explores what happens
to the individual person — you — when you realize that
everything you've understood all your life is a lie. The
government is not truly concerned about people, but
about horrific forces that control it from behind the
scenes. The first order of the business world is not to
make money, but to support shadowy powermongers that
deal in living currency. The human soul doesn't go to
any reward after death, but returns to the world to
torment the living.

But the worst lie of all is told to you from birth by your
parents, by all the very people you trusted to protect and
guide you. Monsters are real. They're everywhere. They
control the world, and they have perpetrated every atroc-
ity that you can imagine — and many that you can't.

How does this terrifying revelation affect your mind
and identity? Who can you turn to? Not the authorities,
the media or even friends. They could be in league with or
be monsters themselves. Who can you confide in or trust?
Not loved ones. They wouldn't believe you, or they might
have you put away for your own good. Can you just hide
from it all and hope it goes away? Not when things-that-
should-not-be pass you every day, look you in the eye and
haunt your dreams.

Ultimately, you have to decide what's truly important:
your own comfort, or the safety of all the blind, deaf and
defenseless people around you whose lives can be snuffed
out ina instant by forces they cannot even comprehend.

Hunter is about you, about the human condition,
about choosing tu damn your own soul or condemn count-
less others. Hunter is about clinging to the tattered shreds
of a false existence or confronting unspeakable evil and

insurmountable odds to proclaim "Enough!
Compared to that, fighting monsters is easy.

Guaracrer Crearion

As a player of Hunter: The Reckoning, you must
create a character — an alter ego through whom you
interact with the game world and play your part in the

2S on wee 428 ae fo

story. Like a character in a novel or movie, this person is
a protagonist in the stories you tell. Rather than make up
a new character for each session, you create one richly
detailed character, then assume the role of that person
every time you play. As your troupe tells its stories, you
watch your character grow and develop. Ultimately,
your character becomes as real and timeless as a great
hero (or villain) in a literary work.

This chapter describes how to create a hunter charac-
ter, beginning with a general concept and translating that
concept into the Traits and statistics that are used in the
game. Though the process is relatively simple, and players
can undertake it on their own, it's best to create characters
with Storyteller supervision so she can answer questions
and guide the creation process.

Teairs

Much of your character's life comes from the way
you describe and roleplay him. Your hunter's general
disposition and attitude toward killing, as decided by
you, might contribute toward his overall role in the
story. However, certain aspects of a character — his
physical prowess, his looks and his hunter powers, for
example — are described in numerical terms and used in
conjunction with the systems of the game. These fea-
tures are called Traits. Traits quantify your character's
particular strengths and weaknesses, which guide your
character in his interactions with other players' charac-
ters and with the characters the Storyteller creates. For
example, your character might have high Mental Traits,
making him invaluable when brains and cunning are
required. Yet he might have low Physical Traits, forcing
him to rely on an ally when violence or brute force is
called for.

Traits are commonly described in numerical terms
with ratings between 1 and 5 (Virtues, Conviction and
Willpower are exceptions to this guideline; they're rated
1 to 10). These numbers represent the quantity and
quality of your character's prowess in a given Trait. One
dot is considered a poor rating, while five dots indicate
superiority. Think of Trait ratings as similar to the stars
with which restaurants and hotels are rated — one is
dismal, while five is excellent. Trait ratings become im-
portant when you roll dice to perform actions (see Chapter
6 for specifics).

GorrmeSvarrD

The Hunter: The Reckoning character-creation
system is designed along five basic precepts. Keep these
in mind while generating the persona you assume in the
World of Darkness.

© You may create a character of any age, from any
culture and from any nation, subject to the Storyteller's
approval. However, all characters begin the game as novice

aa

PYER4:THAVE HEARD Y HE MESSAGE

~— ee ee wee oo be |


HUNTER: YHERECKONING

hunters who have only recently been imbued; within a
few days or perhaps a few weeks — enough time to be
truly terrified by the new world they've discovered. They
know relatively little of other hunters, save perhaps for
ones with whom they were imbued, if any. This lowly
starting point allows characters to experience the World
of Darkness as it unfolds before them in all its malig-
nancy and mystery, rather than having the lore of ages
already under their belts.

© The character-creation system is intended more as

mechanical codification. Who wants more rules at the
expense of an interesting character ot a good story? Your
character cannot exist as mere dots ona page —roleplaying
is always more important than numbers.

© You have a certain number of points to spend on
Traits that you would like your character to have. You also
get "freebie points" at the end of character creation; you
may spend them to round out your character, add person-

a persona-development device than as a strict system of «

ey Ce Sy

ality and further differentiate your character from the
other players' characters.

© A Trait score of 1 is poor, while a score of 5 is
excellent. Thus, a character with a single dot in a Trait is
either not very good with that Trait or is a beginner. Don't
think that your character sucks because she has only one
dot in Manipulation. The experience system presented on
p. 140 allows your character to increase and improve her
Traits. Traits are rated according toa human scale (except
where Virtues, Conviction and edges are concerned; those
are hunters' purview alone, as bestowed by the Heralds).

© It is your responsibility to take on a role not
inherently detrimental to the troupe, your fellow players.
Hunting is deadly. A character who tries her hand at it
alone probably dies quickly. Hunters have a chance when
they work together and pool their resources and power
That doesn't mean they always get along, but charac
should at least be able to tolerate each other.

ers


aR 2» We gest ge Bs

CHAPYER4:IHAVEHEARD THE MESSAGE

Nature: This is the "true" personality of your character —
who he is deep down.

Demeanor: This is the personality your character pre-
sents tothe world. More often than not, Nature and Demeanor
differ, especially if your character tries to separate his old and

Common T rans AMO Y exes

Hunter characters comprise the following qualities:

Name: Your character's name — this may be anything
from her birth name to a pseudonym. Some hunters go by
code names, particularly online, to protect their true iden-

tities and loved ones.
Player: Your name.
Chronicle:

This is the series of

linked stories in

which your charac-

ter participates. The

_

new lives. :

Concept: Your character's concept is a one- or two-

word "sketch" of who your character was prior to being
imbued — anything from Accountant to Dumb Kid

Primary Virtue:
Your character's Pri-
mary Virtue is
instrumental to and

aE 6 Sy

Storyteller will pro- Nawe: Bena Roners Narure: Cay Prary Vinnie: Zeal
y Li Puaver: Kate Deveanoa: Cana Cento: Aanicen is determined by his
vide you with the Croce Concert: Druncevhor ne ——_StaxnngConvicnon: +

name of the

creed. It indicates his
ultimate purpose in

chronicle (though ; " ubinane
he may need your pa 0000 a 5 ¥,
help deciding it!). (20000 reed: our

SS nee sek Se A} 1S a oe

character's creed indi-

A Arreibutess 3 Koomanaes cates his philosophy
tributes define or 00000 Acalemis aaheha
Dues de —— falas es gO Aandenie — towardrealityashehas
your character's in- Aware 0 00000. Computer_ = been confronted with
born aptinades and bron Dive — 909 ance it, and his approach to
potential. $0000 Fearne — huntingthesupernatu-
‘Abilities: es "b0000 | Mele

Abilities are those Iron 99000 Seu Starting Convie-
proficiencies your Sueerwin 20000 Sura tion: The number of
character possesses Subeerge "Seeoo Tat e000 SGience 0000

intuitively or has

\ 2 BacxGROUNDS Eooes, Verruss with which yourchar-
learned. Nes ie Mercy Vision Zeal acter starts the game, |
Advantages é__@eeoo Cum pew 1 0 W as determined by his

—___..€0000 20 uf
Acatch-all term for Rams "eo000 39 creed.
the numerous ben- Satce —s0000 50 Conviction: Your
efits a hunter has SS ae 79— character's endurance
4 " 00000 =
over "normal" folk, 9055 for the hunt and his

Advantages refers
to a collection of
three other Traits.
Backgrounds
define your
character'smaterial

ee ek re, ADVANTAGES emer mete See ee

ome Dencomnyts em

mene: CONVICTION Sm
@eeeee0000
== Wao
eeeeee0000
ocooo000000

amas Borenct

Conviction points

energy reserve for us-
ing edges is measured
by this Trait.

Health: Hunters

are mortal people.

|
|
|

oooooo0
Et

Ceri They get hure and die
inthelineofduty—a
lot. The Health Trait

~~ measures how much

injury your character has suffered.
Willpower: This Trait reflects
your character's inner drive and desire to succeed at tasks he
undertakes.

assets and social
network. Virtues
portray your
character's passion
for the hunt, depending on how he approaches it. A check
mark is made next to those Virtue points spent to acquire

ne ok OT

edges. Edges are the powers that your character receives
upon being chosen. Some may be triggered or activated in
manners unique to your character.

: Your character's Experience Trait repre-
sents how much she has learned since being imbued. All
characters begin the game with 0 Experience. Experience is
spent to purchase new Traits.

|

Derangements: Mental ailments or illnesses that your.
character may develop in his pursuit of the hunt, as a result
of abandoning a normal human lifestyle.

2 aw See 42 ge fa


Guaracren Crenrion Process

Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, creed, Nature and Demeanor.

© Step Two: Choose Attributes

Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social, Mental
(6/4/3). Your character has one dot in each Attribute
automatically.

Rate Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina.

Rate Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation,

Appearance.

Rate Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits.

© Step Three: Choose Abilities

Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills,
Knowledges (11/7/4).

Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges.

No Ability higher than 3 at this stage.

© Step Four: Choose Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (5), Virtues (3) and edges
(according to your Virtue allocations).

© Step Five: Last Touches

Record Conviction (according to creed) and Willpower
(a standard 3).

Spend freebie points (21). Traits can be raised to 4 or
5 at this time. Virtues and edges cannot be purchased with
freebie points. Starting Conviction cannot be raised
higher than 8.

Srwrtz Concerrs

© Bureaucrat — judge, public official, councilor,
aide, speech writer, intern

© Criminal — jailbird, Mafioso, drug dealer, pimp,
carjacker, thug, thief, fence

© Drifter — bum, prostitute, junkie, pilgrim, biker,
gambler

© Entertainer — musician, filmmaker, artist, actor,
model

© Intellectual — writer, student, scientist, philosopher,
social critic

© Investigator — detective, beat cop, government
agent, private eye

© Kid—child, runaway, outcast, urchin, gangbanger

© Nightlifer — club goer, skinhead, punk, barfly,
raver, substance abuser

© Outsider — urban primitive, refugee, minority,
conspiracy theorist

* Professional — engineer, doctor, computer
programmer, lawyer, industrialist

© Reporter — journalist, news reporter, paparazzo,
talk-show host, ‘zine editor

® Socialite — dilettante, host, playboy, sycophant,
prominent spouse

© Soldier — bodyguard, enforcer, mercenary,
reservist, Green Beret

© Worker — trucker, farmer, wage earner, temp,

day laborer
Crexts

* Defense — Protectors and Defenders who seek to
salvage or preserve what they can in the war against the
unknown, perhaps to prove that the fight is worthwhile.

© Innocence — The curious, unabashed and wide-
eyed, the Innocent accept monsters on their own termsand
seek simple resolution between creatures and humanity.

© Judgment — The eyes and ears of the battle
against monsters, Judges seek to uphold the greater good,
whether it means destroying creatures or sparing them
and questioning other hunters' motives.

® Martyrdom — Acting out of desperate passion,
Martyrs put themselves in harm's way to protect others
or to alleviate some all-consuming guilt.

© Redemption — Piercing the souls of the enemy,
Redeemers offer the hand of salvation to the deserving
and strike down the irredeemable.

© Vengeance — Holy terror personified, Avengers
accept only one end tothe war: the destruction of the enemy.

© Visionary — Introspective, questioning and
doubtful, Visionaries seek the ultimate goals of the war
against the unknown, and they seek purpose for hunters
asa whole.

rcacr cs (Narurc ano Dewenvne)
© Addict — You're hooked on something or
someone.
© Architect — You build a better future:
© Autocrat — You need control
* Bon Vivant — Life is for pleasure.
© Bravo — Strength is all that matters.
© Caregiver — Everyone needs nurturing.
© Celebrant — You exist for your passion.
© Child — Won't somebody be there for you?
* Conformist — You follow and assist.
© Conniver — Others exist for your benefit.
© Curmudgeon — Nothing is worthwhile.
© Director — You oversee what must be done.
© Dreamer — You aspire to lofty heights.


© Fanatic — The cause is all that matters.

Gallant — You're not the showstopper, you're
the show!

Gambler — You play the odds in all things.
Pedagogue — You save others through knowledge.
Penitent — Past acts must be atoned for.
Perfectionist — Nothing is good enough.
Rebel — You follow no one's rules.
Rogue—Those whocan, win. Those who can't,
lose, You can.

Survivor — Nothing can keep you down.

© Traditionalist— Asithasalwaysbeen, soitshall be.

Trickster — Laughter eases the pain.

Defense Path — Powers of protection and
offense, derived from the Zeal Virtue
Innocence Path — Powers of inquiry and
evasion, derived from the Mercy Virtue
Judgment Path — Powers of perception and
balance, derived from the Zeal Virtue
Martyrdom Path — Powers of sacrifice and

retribution, derived from the Mercy Virtue
Redemption Path — Powers of healing and
condemnation, derived from the Mercy Virtue

Vengeance Path — Powers of wrath and
potence, derived from the Zeal Virtue
Visionary Path — Powers of insight and
direction, derived from the Vision Virtue

Bacacrounls

Allies — Nonimbued confederates, usually
family or friends.

Arsenal — Weapons and equipment at hand.
Bystanders — Allies who witness the unknown
but do not become imbued.

Contacts — Sources of information or limited
influence.

Destiny — Your character has a fate appointed by
higher powers:

Exposure — Previous contact with the
supernatural now useful as a weapon.

Fame — How well known your character is
among normal people.

Influence — Your character's political power
within normal society.

Mentor — An aware person or group that advises
and supports your character.

Patron — Ongoing contact with the Heralds or other f
unknown forces.

Resources — Wealth, belongings and monthly ff
income.

Frezeic Por Costs

Attributes — 5 points per dot
Abilities — 2 points per dot

Backgrounds — 1 point per dot

Willpower — 1 point per dot

Conviction — 1 point per dot (max starting score of 8)

@


HUNTER THERECKONING

‘The Storyteller and Character Creation
The Storyteller must guide the players through charac-
ter generation, not only to ensure their understanding of the
process but to get a feel for the characters they create.
Character creation can provide Storytellers with some won-
derful plot ideas — ones you might never have considered on
your own. Likewise, if the players are unfamiliar with the
tules, you should use character generation as an introduc-
tion to the game as a whole, informing the troupe how
the rules work and giving them examples based on th

e ~\ yo! &
personas they create. ye

{As Storyteller, start by photocopying and handing J) fy

out the character sheet from the back of the book. Take the YY) a

players on a "tour" of the sheet, explaining what each a (NZ

section is for. Let players ask questions along the way, and Sy

help them through the process rather than make them fend
Ps for themselves.

Once the players are familiar with the character sheet,
give them a few guidelines as to what types of characters will
be appropriate for the chronicle. For example, Storytellers
running games about the pervasiveness of being imbued
might insist that someone play a very young character
and someone play an elderly one. Sometimes, a player
attempts to portray a character wholly unacceptable to ,/
your plotline. Feel free to disallow it in favor of a
character who won't disrupt the game.

g # ;
j Storytellers are advised to spend an entire session

simply creating characters and running preludes (see p.
219) with the players. Exceptionally complex characters or
secretive chronicles might even warrant an entire session (6
for each individual player. Spending an adequate amount

of time on charac
create realistic ch:
lists of Traits.

er generation ensures that the players

"eS
ters, not vapid, colorless laundry

AL, |
as

After the mechanics of creation are done, take each
player aside and lead him through a prelude or run all the
characters' preludes at one time, depending on how you want
the characters to meet (they might all be imbued simulta-
neously). Such a preliminary session is the players'
introduction to the chronicle, as well as the means by which
each adds final details to her character, so use the prelude
to its greatest effect. In Hunter, the prelude is perhaps the
most important event in the characters' lives; it's when
they're chosen by the Messengers to awaken to the truth
and corruption of the World of Darkness.

Svep One: Cuaracrsn Concsry

If you're familiar with the Storyteller system, a lot of this
is old hat — though there are a few twists. If this is your first
time playing a roleplaying or even a Storyteller game, the
character sheet might be a little daunting and complicated.
! Don't worry, we walk you through it step by step.


aA 2 We pat gs Os

Concer

The noun "character" can mean "a fictitious individual
in a story." You create just such an individual for collabora-
tive stories told with the Storyteller and the other players.
Just as a novelist concems herself with motivation, consis-
tency and style, so should you.

"Character" can also mean a quality of personality.
What drove Napoleon to conquer? What made Mata Hari
become a spy? Why does Jimmy Buffet write so many songs
about booze and food? The answers toall these questions —
those people's drives, interests and motivations — are all
aspects of character.

Your hunter should be more than just a clothes-horse on
which you hang funky powers. The best characters in stories
are the ones whose motivations are consistent and compre-
hensible. They may not be the best people — in fact, they
usually aren't. But they feel real. Even if we don't like what
Lady MacBeth does, even if we don't agree with Hamlet, we
understand why they act and think as they do. Characters in
good stories have depth and complexity; it doesn't matter if
the story is told aloud, written on paper or played out through
a game like this one.

Most Hunter rules are concerned with what your char-
acter can and cannot do. Those actions are only half the
story. The other half is the personality of the people in-
volved. That's your domain. It's up to you to decide who your
character is. If you really like and empathize with your
character, your successes become all the more thrilling and
your setbacks even more deeply felt.

To put it in other words, no one cares what happens to
a boring character.

So before you even put pencil to paper, think about the
kind of hunter character you want to portray. There's no magic
formula for coming up with good ideas. You could want a
character similar to one you read about or saw in a movie.
("She's like that pregnant cop in Fargo!") He or she might be
based on someone you know. ("How would my boss cope with
discovering monsters?") Maybe you have an idea that would be
interesting, different or just fun. ("Stuttering-amnesiac-ka-
rate-master, anyone?") Some masochists have even been
known to play themselves. ("Hmm, how would I react to
seeing my brother's flesh devoured by the walking dead?")

If you're stuck, consider a few things: Your character's
concept establishes who he was before, when his life was
normal and his eyes were clouded to the truth of the world.
He didn't have any bizarre abilities and probably believed he
understood how things worked. Who was he? Where did he
live? What were his ideals? What was the most important
thing in his life? Here are a few possible answers and the kinds
of characters they suggest:

© Art. If your character is a writer/ poet/ dancer/ musi-
cian, how is his artistic sensibility affected by his rude
awakening to a traumatizing world? Maybe he tries to alert
people through rap music. Maybe he hangs up his artistic

en ee -42e ee fa

CHAPTER

tools and becomes hardened and cynical. Maybe he uses his
skills as an actor to get close to his targets.

© Patriotism. A character with an abiding faith in a
nation/ race/ ethnic heritage/ religious group can have a
powerful reservoir of inner strength. On the other hand, new
experiences as a hunter can challenge or warp that faith.
Maybe a career soldier discovers that unnatural forces ma-
nipulate the military. Perhaps a Presbyterian minister is
confronted with seeming proof that his beliefs about the
afterlife are mistaken.

© The Immediate Good. Lots of people are motivated
primarily by self-interest. This could be a truly selfish "I'm
looking out for Number One and everyone else can go to
hell" attitude or it could stem from a distrust of "global
solutions." In any event, your character is most interested in
the small scale, short term, here and now. Perhaps she has a
family and protecting it is her first priority. Maybe she's acop
who feels protective toward her neighborhood beat. Or she's
a gangster who doesn't want anyone — dead or alive —
muscling into her territory.

© Good Times. People are clearly meant to enjoy life or
"enjoyment" wouldn't be so much fun. Many people just look
for a good time, though their definitions may vary wildly. A
comfortable suburbanite might sce the undead as a threat to
his idyllic routine of barbecues and theme-park visits. A
jaded, club-hopping sybarite might wish he could ignore the
truth about the supernatural, but finds he can't enjoy life
knowing the hideous truth. On the other hand, your charac-
termight be the kind of daredevil who likes dangerous thrills.
Care to try your hand at a real death sport?

© Pursuit of the Sacred. A connection toahigher cause
is the purpose of life; everything else is just a distraction.
People with such faith are rare, but like patriots they can
draw on hidden reserves of courage. The difference is that
the patriot relies on a group ideology, whereas a religious
person focuses on an abstract divinity. Perhaps a priest or
nun believes the Heralds are angels of the Lord, sent to
defend the world from Satan's wiles. A Buddhist monk,
meanwhile, might consider the unliving another of this
world's meaningless illusions.

© Power. Some people live life according to extremely
competitive, highly charged terms. They thrive on stressful
situations ahd fancy themselves clear-eyed movers and shak-
ers. How does such a person react upon realizing there are
forms of power that have tangible, real effects — but that are
unseen and unknown to the general populace? An imbued
police officer might grapple with the responsibilities (and
restrictions) of his job, whereas a stockbroker might revel in
her newfound power and knowledge.

Concept is important because it provides a foundation
from which your character considers the new world that
she's introduced to, and her place in it. Concept is not a
mechanical Trait, but it helps you decide how your charac-

HAYEHEARD YHE MESSAGE

— eee se wee et ee, ee

‘a :

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

ter approaches the hunt and deals with the challenges,
victories and inevitable defeats that come with warring
against inhuman forces.

For record-keeping purposes, jot down a few words on your
character sheer in the "Concept" entry that capture your vision.
You could write something as simple as "Bored" to something
more involved like "Emotionally Dead Housewife."

Cres

A hunter's creed is not a job description or class into
which he is forced. We're talking about people here, not square
pegs. Creed is an indication of how your character perceives
the world, what he believes in and how he decides to contend
with the monsters out there. It's his philosophy, his outlook,
the sum of his beliefs — and how he acts on them.

These qualities tend to result in certain behavior when
it comes to hunting. The jaded, angry ot fed-up often resort
to violence first and questions later: "Kill them all and let
God sort them out." Others believe in forgiveness before
condemnation, hoping that souls can be saved and that
perhaps even monsters have them: "Put your trust in me and
we might find salvation together." Still others are curious
and ask questions about everything around them, especially
the new creatures they have discovered; "Where did these
beings come from? Are they all evil? I have strange powers,
how am I any different from them? On whose terms should I
destroy these beings?"

Groups of chosen who have similar approaches to the
enemy and the hunt are labeled creeds for game purposes.
Hunters as a whole are so new to the world that these groups
are not yet recognized societally, even among hunters them-
selves. So far, not even their edges seem to differentiate them
from one another along clear lines. Yet means of communi-
cation such as the hunter-net site go a long way toward
helping hunters understand themselves, each other, their
culture as a whole and the creeds as subcultures.

Turn to p. 62 for more details on the seven hunter
creeds. The Storyteller may disallow characters of certain
creeds based on the chronicle she's running. She may also
require hunters of a certain mix in the group; there's
strength in numbers and, as hunters soon learn, even more
strength in diversity.

Each hunter creed is assigned to a Virtue (see p. 127),
which suggests your character's guiding philosophy about the
hunt, indicates how far he'll go in pursuing it, and measures
how potent he becomes against the supernatural.

Havunc ano Dewenvon (Anca vers)

Once you have a central idea for your character, it's time
to put a name to his or her Nature and Demeanor. These
behavioral Traits, called Archetypes, help you understand
what kind of person your character is. Nature and Demeanor
are not required to play Hunter, but they sometimes help you
better understand your character.

<a ee SE Loe eee Py ees gO eee

a

7:8 Se eg Nees oe.

Demeanor is the way your character presents herself to
the outside world. It is the "mask" she wears to protect her
inner self. Hunters' Demeanors almost always differ from
their Natures. The radical change in lifestyle that comes
with stalking monstrosities forces many hunters to present
themselves differently from who they truly are. It isn't safe
to wear your heart on your sleeve when bloodsuckers and
their pawns loom around every corner, night and day.
Demeanor is a tool hunters use to conceal their true activi-
ties, intentions and hopes; it's a weapon like any gun, knife
or edge. Demeanor can therefore change constantly to suit
your character's needs.

Nature is your character's "real" self, the person she truly
is. The Archetype you choose reflects your character's deep-
rooted feelings about herself, others and the world. Nature
can hold over from mundane life and be a guiding force
during the hunt, or it can change after the imbuing to reflect
an altered identity that comes with the horrible truth.

Nature doesn't fluctuate or change by intent. It's who
your character is at the core of her being. World-shattering
events or life-altering experiences are typically required
during play to change your character's Nature, and the
Storyteller must agree to the change.

Nature also differs from creed in that Nature determines
who your character is — a conniver, a child, a director —
whereas creed indicates how your character responds to the
world of abominations, the direction she takes in dealing
with them. In some rare cases, Nature and creed are similar,
but most hunters strive to separate their identities from their
mission — who they are versus what they have to do — if for
no other reason than to remain sane.

Nature is used to determine your character's ability to
regain Willpower points (see p. 125). For a complete list of
Archetypes from which to choose Nature and Demeanor,
see p. 97.

Sra Two: CHoose Ar rmreures

Once you have an idea of your character's personality,
it's time to assign numbers to his Attributes. Attributes are a
measure of your character's general capabilities — how
strong he is, how well he thinks on his feet, how much charm
he can muster in a tight spot. Attributes are broken down
into three categories: Physical, Social and Mental.

You can allocate six points (or dots) to one category,
four to another and three to the last. These points are then
divided up among each category's three Traits. The three
Physical Traits are Strength (brawn), Dexterity (speed and
grace) and Stamina (endurance). Social points are divided
among Charisma (commanding presence), Manipulation
(affecting people's emotions) and Appearance (attractive-
ness). Finally there are Mental Traits: Perception (powers of
observation), Intelligence (book learningand abstract think-
ing skills) and Wits (thinking on the go).


You start out with one dot in each Attribute automati-
cally, and distribute the additional six, four and three points
in each category as you wish. A character may be strong and
imposing, charming in a naive sort of way, but slow-witted.
Or he may be brilliant and somewhat quick, but lacking in
the social graces.

See p. 101 for more information on Attributes.

Svar T mex: Croose Apiries

Whereas Attributes measure your character's innate ca-
pacities, Abilitiesare capabilities that she'sacquired throughout
her life. There are three Ability categories: Talents, Skills and
Knowledges. Talents are intuitive abilities that you learn in
the school of hard knocks; they aren't learned from books or
through trade schools, they're just things you teach yourself.
Skills are Abilities that you learn through study and practic
Knowledges are more abstract and intellectual. As a rule of
thumb, Knowledges deal with things you can remember,
whereas Skills are things you can do.

Just as you prioritize Attributes, you also prioritize Abili-
ties. One category gets 11 dots, another gets 7 and the last
gets 4. A character who's naturally adeptat a variety of tasks,
who's picked up some trades, but who doesn't have the
discipline for book learning probably prioritizes Abilities in
the following order: Talents (11), Skills (7) and Knowledges
(4). A character who has worked with his hands all his life
probably focuses on Skills first, whereas a character who's
dedicated his life to education concentrates on Knowledges.

Abilities do not receive free starting dots as do Attributes.
You also cannot begin with any Ability above 3 at this point.
If you want to push a particular Ability over the three-dot
limit, you must do so with freebie points in step five.

See p. 105 for a full description of the Talents, Skills
and Knowledges.

SrapFourc Croose Apvanr aces

Now comes the part of character creation during which
you make your hunter truly unique. Advantages are Traits
that flesh out your character's origins or that are bestowed
(some might say inflicted) upon him when he is imbued. All
of these Traitsare tools of the huntthat may saveacharacter's
life and perhaps even be used to persevere over the creatures
of the night.

Advantages are not prioritized; a set number of dots may
be allocated to each category. Additional Advantage dots
may be purchased with freebie points to acquire more Back-
grounds. However, freebie points cannot be used to increase
starting Virtues or edges.

Backcrounds

A beginning character gets five dots worth of Back-
grounds, which may be distributed at your discretion.
Backgrounds indicate what influences, contacts, friends and
ties your character has. Most of these Advantages arise

aA 2 ee pet gs Bees

during your character's mundane life, before she becomes a
hunter. However, hunters don't disappear from the world
after becoming imbued. Your character may acquire new
Backgrounds after coming to grips with her new existence.
She might find newfound wealth by blackmailing a monster's
pawn, or she could gain influence over a judge who suspects
corruption among other city authorities.

Backgrounds should suit your character's concept. The
Storyteller may refuse some and request that you take others
based on his story.

More information on Backgrounds is on p. 119.

Virruss

Your character's determination to see monsters de-
stroyed, passion to save worthy souls and hope to free the
world of supernatural oppression are all measured with Vir-
tues. There are three Virtues: Zeal, Vision and Mercy, all
rated | to 10. Zeal determines your hunter's faith in himself,
in his cause or in some belief that motivates him to take up
and continue the fight against things-that-should-not-be.
Vision indicates your character's awareness of options and
possibilities under most circumstances; an awareness of the
big picture at stake in the ongoing war. Mercy suggests your
character's compassion and capacity for forgiveness, perhaps
even for the most heinous and seemingly unrepentant of
horrors; some souls are worth saving, even stained ones.

Each of the seven hunter creeds is assigned to one of
these Virtues, based on the nature of the creed. Avenger,
Judge and Defender belong to Zeal. Visionary belongs to
Vision. Redeemer, Martyr and Innocent belong to Mercy.

Creeds are assigned to these Virtues for game purposes;
hunters never discuss having Virtues, just as they do not
discuss possessing Attribute dots. The Virtue to which a
creed is assigned is that creed' primary Virtue.

Virtues are awarded to ot imposed upon your character
when she is imbued. You have three starting points to spend
in any of the Virtues. However, your rating in your character's
"creed Virtue" — her primary Virtue — cannot be exceeded
by her score in any other Virtue. Thus, a Defender's Zeal
rating cannot be exceeded by her Vision or Mercy ratings —
she could have 3 Zeal; 2 Zeal, 1 Vision and 0 Mercy; or one
point in each. Likewise, a Redeemer's Mercy cannot be
exceeded by her Zeal or Vision ratings.

Your character can earn dots in any Virtue as the game
proceeds, but not before; she starts with only three points to
allocate. Nor can you spend freebie points on Virtues during
character creation. Even after the chronicle gets under way,
your character's primary Virtue rating cannot be exceeded by
the other tw

Virtues increase based on how wholeheartedly your
character throws herself into the hunter mission. As Virtues
increase, so does your character's access to hunter powers,
edges. More information on Virtues is provided on p. 127.

eS »nn ee 42 ge fas

CHAPYER4:THAVE HEARD THE MESSAGE

_ ee ee wae 5

Ences

Virtues are a measure of how far your character is willing
to go in the cause against mankind's enemies. Those Traits
also determine the types of edges — powers — that your
character may wield. Your character's creed determines a
path of edges that she may follow, called her primary path.
Thus, an Innocent's primary Virtue is Mercy, and she may
gain edges from the primary path of her creed, Innocence.

However, it is also possible to gain edges from the path

character must have points in the appropriate Virtue to
follow the edge path of another creed.

An Avenger with dots in
Zeal may of course posse:
Avenger edges, those of his
primary path. However, he

of another creed, even one dedicated to another Virtue. Your |

Nees Cn EE, Os, Se

SraFrveLasy Touctrs

Congratulations. By this point you have a fine collection
of numbers that describes ability at a wide variety of tasks.
However, the numbers are still lifeless without the intangible
aspect of character to back them up. All the numbers, points,
dots and Traits are letters that haven't been formed into
words. It's time to decide what that 3 Brawl Trait means. Did
your character wrestle in high school, or is he a surly drunk
who picks fights? Having "Ally (City Judge)" scrawled on a
sheet says very little. How did your character come to have a
city judge on her side? What's the nature of their relationship?
Does the judge look down on her, is he afraid of her, does he
feel indebted to her? How far
wouldhe go tohelp her out —

arfa Woy:
Creating stories to ex-
plain your numbers is

may also possess powers from
the Defender and Judge paths
because those creeds belong
to Zeal, too. If the same
Avenger possesses a point in
Vision, he may also have a
Visionary edge. But, if the
character has no points in
Mercy, he cannot have an
edge from any of the
Redeemer, Martyr or Inno-
cent paths.

Your character's progress
in his primary edge path im-
peses restrictions on the edges
he can have from other creeds'
paths. His highest-rated edge
from his primary path cannot
be exceeded by any power from
another path, whether of the
same Virtue or not. Thus, if
an Avenger hasatwo-dot edge
in the Avenger path, he can-
not have a three-dot power
from any other path, whether
froma Mercy, Vision or other
Zeal path.

Pauline is ready to assign Virtues and edges to her
Visionary-creed character, Kara. Pauline gets three points to
assign to Virtues. She can put all three in Vision, Kara's
primary Virtue, and be very focused, but then her range of
powers would be narrow. Pauline decides to invest one point
in Vision, one in Zeal and one in Mercy for a broad base. She
hopes to raise Kara's Vision score during play. Since no other
Virtue exceeds Kara's Vision rating, the Storyteller ap-
proves.

Pauline can now buy edges. Her allocation of Virtues
pretty much determines what Edges she can buy: a level-one
power from each of Zeal, Vision and Mercy. The question is,
from which creeds' paths does she choose her powers? She
settles on the level-one Edges from Judge, Visionary and
Martyr.

If Pauline had invested two Virtue points in Vision, she
would have had only one other point to spend on Zeal or Mercy
(let's say she would have chosen Mercy). When it came to
buying edges, she could have afforded a level-one Mercy edge
and only a level-one Vision power, too. Because edges cost
their level in Virtue points, Pauline wouldn'thave had the three
Vision points necessary to get level-one and level-two Vision
powers. She would have had to invest all three Virtue points in
Vision to get the first wo powers in Kara's primary path.

However, because increasing Virtue ratings grants
more edges during play, Pauline would have been on her
way to getting a level-two Vision edge by assigning two
points to the Virtue. In the meantime, she would also have
had a level-one Mercy power as "backup."

essential —butdon'tfeel that
youneed the excuse ofa Back-
ground or Knowledge to
develop yourcharacter. What
does he or she look like? How
does your character talk?
There's a list of questions on
p. 93 intended to help you
with fleshing-out, but the
most important question is
one you ask yourself: Why do
1 want to tell stories about
this person?

Once you've developed
your character's identity
fully, you can fill out the
remainder of your character
sheet and spend a few more
points toward the new vi-
sion of your hunter.

Conttcri0x .
Conviction measures
your character's current mo-
mentum in hiscrusade against
nightstalkers. Conviction in-
creases and decreases
constantly throughout astory
as you spend points, risk
points in edge rolls and re-

Edges are purchased with Virtue points. The purchase
price of each edge equals its level rating. A level-one edge
costs one Virtue point. A level-two Edge costs two Virtue
points. You cannot purchase an edge without possessing all
the previous ones in that path. Thus, your character must
have the level-one Avenger edge before he can acquire the
level-two Avenger edge. Possessing both costsa total of three
Virtue points (all that a starting character receives).

Paths and edges are detailed in Chapter 5. Variations on
spending Virtue points to acquire edges are detailed on p.
130.

gain them for successful efforts. Conviction is basically the
energy reserve of hunter powers and hunter resolve. If
Conviction ever falters or even plummets, your hunter is
little more than a normal human with a gun and too much
information — a very dangerous situation.

Your character's starting Conviction rating is listed in
his creed description. Conviction can be increased with
freebie points, but only to a maximum of 8 for starting
characters. Your character's back-story should explain why
he has so much vigor for the hunt when he has only recently
been exposed to the reality of the world.

Conviction is explained further on p. 132.

—

Pe


Ifyou do the math, you discover that it's impossible
for your hunter to attain level-five edges. Virtues have a
limit of 10. A character witha rating of 10 in any Virtue,
and who possesses edges from only one path, can have no
higher than a level-four edge. And yet there are level-
five edges in the book!

Hunters don't know who or what touches (or tor-
ments) their lives with unadulterated visions of evil.
Nordo they know who inflicts bizarre powers upon them
— or exactly why, for that matter. What is clear is that
evil reveals itself whenever people are imbued. The
chosen coincidentally have the will and suddenly the
means to respond. Alll aspects of hunter existence are
mysterious, including the lengths to which they can go
against the enemy and the heights to which their powers
can take them. At least, they're mysterious for now.

Hunters who attain the heights ofa 10 Virtue rating
literally become vessels of the Messengers and the hunt
itself. Their personal identities no longer seem to matter.
All that's important is inheriting the Earth for humanity
asa whole, apparently at any cost. Such veritable forces of
nature may be able to attain level-five edges, but the
means and consequences of doing so are currently beyond
the and imagination of "lesser" hunters. However,
time may tell for those hunters who organize against the
enemy and survive to attain unprecedented power.

0]

Your character was a normal person until very recently.
She spent all her life dealing with hardships, mishaps, jeal-
ousy, corruption, crime, ignorance, anger, temptation, greed
and intolerance. You can't live without developing some
resistance to it all. Willpower indicates your character's
resilience and determination, once called upon simply to get
through the day, but called upon now to survive it.

For hunters, Willpower is spent primarily to achieve
automatic successes at actions that run the risk of failure. It's
your character's concerted effort to make sure something
happens, no matter what. Willpower is different from Con-
viction in that Willpower
actions — things your character could do without the aid of
edges. Willpower has no effect on ensuring the use of your
hunter's edges; only Conviction can be used to do that.

an be spent on only "mundane"

Starting Willpower isa standard 3 for all hunter charac-
ters —a reflection of the typical demands put upon normal
people by the daily routine, and the resolve required to
endure them. Starting Willpower can be increased with

CHAPYER4:THAVEHEARD Y HE MESSAGE

eee ee wae el ee SE

|
|
i
|
|

HUNTER YHE RECKONING

freebie points to reflect a hard life before being imbued, or
simply extraordinary personal determination or drive.
The applications of Willpower are detailed on p. 125.

FrezeiePomrs

Once you have a firm idea of what your character is like,
you can allocate 21 freebie points to pick up Abilities you
might have missed, to buy additional Backgrounds or to jack
up your Attributes. However, freebie points don't translate
into dots on a one-to-one basis as do the points from other
steps in the creation process. There's an exchange rate. (If
you wonder why, it's because you use some Traits more often
than others — Attributes versus Abilities, for example. This
makes Attributes more valuable than Abilities, so they need
to have different freebie point costs.)

Freebie points can be used to raise Ability scores to 4 or
5. Remember that you can't buy additional Virtue points or
edges with freebie points, and Conviction cannot be raised
higher than 8.

Frezeis Pom Costs

Attributes — 5 points per dot

Abilities — 2 points per dot
Backgrounds — 1 point per dot
Willpower — 1 point per dot

Conviction — 1 point per dot (max starting score of 8)

Despite the horrific revelations with which they're con-
fronted, and the freakish, frightening powers that they suddenly
manifest, hunters are normal people. Given the chance, they'd
gladly retum to their former lives, no matter how despairing,
rather than continue to wage a war that may ultimately number
themas losers, one by one. Yet they don't have that luxury and
must continue on. So must your character.

Your character's ongoing bond with and fondness for his
former life makes his prelude a formative stage in his devel-
opment. The prelude is a one-time, quick game session in
which you and the Storyteller, and perhaps the other players,
establish who your character was — and what he becomes.

The decisions you've made about your characterso far go
a long way to establishing his former life. The prelude is a
chance to portray that existence, if only briefly. It's the step
that takes your character from a novelist's rough sketch toa
fully developed protagonist.

The prelude also allows you to fill in blanks about your
character that you might not have considered — where he
went to school, his first girlfriend, where his old friends
have moved to, his aspirations for the future as he under-
stands it. Here's an opportunity to rearrange any dots or

points on your sheet to better suit the identity you establish
in the session (just make sure all your new points add up
according to the rules).

Just when you're into character and feel comfortable
with who you've created — BAM! — the Storyteller con-
fronts you (and perhaps the other players) with the shuddering
truth that monsters walk the streets, stalk the nights and
prowl the unseen places — and here's physical proof right
before your character's eyes.

Now, the prelude is particularly important because you,
asa player, know that something is coming. (What game were
you playing again?) It's essential to your own entertainment
and that of the other players for you to forget everything you
know about this game, its setting and any other Storyteller
games with which you're familiar. For your purposes here and
now, you're a wide-eyed fool who's just stepped through the
gates of hell.

Your character is suddenly confronted by evil personi-
fied. While he gapes, trembles or wishes he could turn away,
some voice, sign or revelation comes to him: THIS IS
ANATHEMA. YOU ARE HOPE. From that point forward,
his life is forever different. Everything he's always known and
assumed is jarringly proved false. Reality has gone back to
basics and this is the way of things from now on.

—

How your character reacts to the abomination before
him is fundamental to what he becomes. You may have
already created your character and know what kind of hunter
you will be. For now, though, you know nothing. Every
action you undertake is by instinct and is strictly monitored
by the Storyteller. For all your character knows, everything
wrong in the universe manifests before him in one brief
instant and it's for him to deal with it. Enjoy the chaos, blood-
chilling terror and absolute rage that follows. W

Your Storyteller might reveal your powers or might
withhold them completely. He might portion out Convic-
tion points like a starving man sharing bread, or he might
offer up nothing. Attacking the creature may not be an
option, but discussion could be. Perhaps saving others is your
character's goal. Then again, an ingenious solution to the
situation might befall him. Your response should suit the type
of character you've created, and perhaps the type of hunter
you want to play. If your character's reaction to the walking
corruption contrasts with your original hunter vision, you
may want to revise your character from top to bottom,
perhaps choosing a completely different creed.

The Storyteller also has the option of limiting your
character-creation process. He may restrict you to designing
the human your character has always been. You create an
everyday person. Creed is assigned based on your reaction to
the evil before your character in the prelude. A violent
response suggests an adherent of Zeal. Saving others, pitying
the abomination or putting yourself in harm's way hints at
Mercy. Inventing creative solutions or attempting negotia-
tion with this stultifying corruption indicates Vision. (Then

2.8 Se 2g eg ote Ee

Ls


again, the Storyteller may completely throw a curve and
arrive at your character's creed by some other bizarre means.)
The bottom line is that the prelude is the litmus test for
your character's future, here on the slippery slope to the worst
that reality has to offer. This moment of truth will stay with
your character forever, and should stay with you as the
yardstick by which your character's identity and humanity
are measured in every story.

Quesvions AND Answers

Your character is your proxy in the World of Darkness.
To make him consistent and memorable, you have to know
him well — his motivations, goals, fears, desires and values.
Making decisions is easy when you understand your charac-
ter. Even if you know that a certain action isn't the smartest
course, it's worth the risk to stay in character.

The following questions help you establish a little more
background for your character and help you understand him
more fully.

+ Whar scares your cuaRacr eR Mosy ?

This is a horror game, after all. Understanding your
character's fears not only makes him more sympathetic, it
can make the game more entertaining. Vertigo wouldn't be
such a good movie if the hero was casual about heights. A
character who isn't afraid of anything isn't just boring (and
unrealistic), he limits your opportunities for heroic actions.
It's not a lack of fear that makes a man brave; having no fear
is just stupid or crazy. The brave man is the one who
overcomes his fears.

+ Why's vourcuanncyn s en oF rHePERrECr Loven? HowaBoUT
THEPERFECY ORE-NIGHY STAHD!

What attracts usand what makes us happy are often two
entirely different things. What type of person would make
the best significant other spouse/ life partner for your char-
acter? Does she know anyone like that? If so, why hasn't she
made a move?

+ Waay's Your cuaRACTER DEA OF AREALLY FURY INE!

Life is not unremitting doom and gloom, even for
hunters in the World of Darkness. A chronicle with nothing
but bed news and misery is slmost as boring as one full of
relentless cheer. By knowing what your character enjoys, you
empathize and fully enjoy the good times instead of just
gritting your teeth to get through the bad times.

Doss your cuqngcyERHAYE A FA¥oRE Book oawovie? Waar tsi?
Ie'sa simple question, but it can reveal a lot about what
your character admires and what interests her. Someone who
is deeply affected by The Exorcist is a lot different from
someone who really loves Snow White. Your character's tastes
in stories reveals a lot about her aesthetic in general —
whether she revels in tense, exciting situations or prefers a
warm, cheerful setting or clean, classic qualities.

2 Wee gat ge Bees

eS on gee 42S ee fo

= Was YOUR CHARACY ERRELIGIOUS AND/ ORSUPERSY I 10US BEFORE RE
HEARD THE CALL! WHAY ABOUT AFYER!

This question makes you consider your character's atti-
tudes about ideas beyond what he can see and grasp. Does he
believe in God? Ifs0, is ita frowning, anthropomorphic, white-
bearded patriarch who can give one man good fortune and
strike down the next? Is it a fuzzy, feel-good pagan Earth
Mother? An abstract principle of initial creation? None of the
above? Most importantly, how does the revelation of monsters
moving among humans affect your character's beliefs?

+ Nour caqRncy Riis WOW BEEN CORFROMTEDBY BEINGS OUY SIDE
SCIEMTIFIGRERLITY. WHR DOES RE THINK THEY ARE! WHAY Doss HE
TTHIAK THE MssseMGens ARE!

This question not only gives you a framework for future
conclusions about the unliving, it indicates whether your
character is logical and scientific, intuitive, or that he
follows "gut feelings."

+ Woanv's yourcunencrsn'sonearesy recrer ! Waar
ACCOMPLISHMENT CIVES HI THE MOSY PRED !

This pair of questions shows your character at his best —
and worst. We tend to regret things that not only made us
unhappy, but which we could have handled better. (You may
feel sorrow if your house is destroyed in a mudslide, but you're
unlikely to regret it the way you regret stupidly blowing it
with a really terrific girlfriend.) Similarly, something your
character is proud of was probably accomplished by use of his
skills, drive and brains. These questions can illuminate
strengths and weaknesses of personality.

+ Wainy ts YOUR CHARACTER AFTER!

Everyone has goals — including your hunter. "Death to
the walking dead" is an answer — but what was your charac-
ter pursuing before? Is he willing to abandon his previous life
and ambitions to become a full-time stalker of night-crea-
tures? If he is, what do his friends and family think? If he tries
to continue his old life while exploring the dark new one
that's been thrust upon him, can he balance them? How does
he plan to keep his loved ones safe — and in the dark?

AF mat Nore

A character without motivation might as well not
survive her first encounter with monsters — or even be
awoken to their existence. Knowing what drives your char-
acter is central to understanding who she is. A hunter's
values are often very different from the values of her previous
life, or from ones of people with normal lives. Exposure to
horrid reality worksa great change on an individual's person-
ality. Think about where your character has been and where
you'd like to see her go (or where she would like to go).
Consider her Nature and Demeanor — do they suggest an
ultimate goal? Once you have an idea of what it is your
character wants to achieve, you're one step closer to making
her a full-fledged personality of her own.

CHAPTER4:THAVE HEARD Y HE MESSAGE

y

HUNYER:Y HE RECKONING

Cxaweceor GHaracy En GREAT ION

Karl's Storyteller, Gwen, wants torunaHunterchronicle
set in their home town of Rock Island, Illinois. Rock Island
and its surrounding towns grew rapidly during the '60s and
early '720s, with an economy propelled by a local military base
and a number of farm-machinery factories, and by being at
the juncture between a major highway and the Mississippi
River. The gas crisis changed all that, though. Factories
closed, unemployment bred crime, and jump-starting the
economy with riverboat gambling didn't work out as in-
tended. Criminals from Chicago discovered that a three-hour
ride could change their jurisdictions and a lot of them
decided to stay.

Gwen wants to run a purist game: Karl can make up any
ordinary person that he wants. Gwen will take it from there
and decide on creeds, Virtues and an initial edge or two for
Karl's character based on how he or she responds to a
confrontation with the stuff of nightmares.

Sra One: Concer

Karl decides he wants to play someone who's really
different — a drastic change from the buff heroes of action
moviesand the accomplished agents on The X-Files. To really
exer

c his imagination, he decides his character is going to
be past 50 — and a woman. He names her Brenda Rogers.
She's a working-class, divorced mother of four, grandmother

a Ney Can a, Ge, Sy

of one. She has a high-school diploma and works at a
manufacturing plant, where she assembles plastic machine
components. She's respected in her neighborhood because
she sticks up for people. This local renown is offset somewhat
by her temper, however.

If Gwen had given Karl free reign, he would have chosen
Brenda's creed, too.

Karl can choose Archetypes now. He settles on
Caregiver for Brenda's Nature, in keeping with her family
values and devout loyalty to her children. Curmudgeon
seems to suit her Demeanor best, an image Brenda conveys
tokeep people in line and to discourage others from making
trouble for her. Of course, the latter may change drastically
once Brenda is imbued.

Sra Two: Cuoosing Arveeures

Karl is tempted to make Brenda's primary category
Physical, but he can't quite justify it fora grandmother in her
50s. He decides on Mental instead; Brenda's not really well
educated, but she's no dummy. Physical is secondary. Social
comes third.

He puts two dots in each of Perception and Wits, figuring
that Brenda is sharp and nobody's fool. Her actual book smarts
are average, so he assigns one dot to Intelligence and puts yet
another in Perception. With the first fr
Perception is four dots — pretty
good. (Brenda could haveaspe-

cialty in Perception—see

dot included, her


p- 101 —but Karl waits till after the prelude to determine that
kind of fine detail.)

As for Physical Attributes, Karl decides that Stamina
and Dexterity are more important than Strength. Brenda's
job docsn't involve heavy lifting, but does require her to
stand on her feet eight hours a day and make a lot of quick
hand movements. He puts two dots in each, leaving Strength
at the one dot gained automatically.

For Social, Karl assigns a dot to each of Manipulation
(since that's how Brenda keeps her kids in line) and Cha-
risma (because he pictures her as a forceful personality). He
decides that Brenda was never exactly a hottie, and that
divorce, money troubles and line work have reduced her to
plain homely. This leaves him another dot to place, and he
puts it in Charisma as well. She's not much to look at, but you
do look at her when she speaks.

Svar Vee: Croosmnc Apieries

Prioritizing Abilities, Karl decides on Talents, Skills,
then Knowledges. Brenda hasn't had opportunities to acquire
a lot of Knowledges. He decides that she's more of a Talent
than a Skill person, so he puts the bulk of points in Talents.

Alertness gets two points; it helps keep Brenda's fingers
out of the conveyor belts at work. She also gets two points in
Brawl, courtesy of her temper (and that of her ex-husband).
Another two points go to Dodge — with four kids in a tiny
living space, she needs it. Her kids give her a point of
Empathy... and two points of Intimidation. Karl adds a point
of Streetwise (since Brenda wants to keep her daughters away
from "the wrong element"). With one point left, Karl decides
to assign it to Awareness, just in case.

As for Skills, Karl puts two in Drive, two in Technology
‘ined by adjusting equipment at work — and one in
Firearms. When Gwen asks why Gramma Rogers needs to
pack heat, he explains that her ex-husband had a gun
Brenda learned to shoot during the divorce so that she could
spite him by keeping the gun in the settlement. A point in
Etiquette (to help Brenda get out of trouble with her temper)
and a point in Crafts (she knits) round off Skills.

For Knowledges, Karl puts two in Bureaucracy, figuring
Brenda may have spent a month on unemployment at one
time or another. Snooping on her children and her ex gives
her a dot in Investigation. She also has one in Law (mostly
from divorce proceedings, but she's had to learn how to make
bail once or twice).

Sra Four: Croose Apvanr aces
Karl now has a firm sense of Brenda: She's a little bit
pushy and bossy (he makes a note to put a dot or two in
Leadership later), so most of her Backgrounds have to do
with people she knows. He takes two Allies — her brother
' Neil and her oldest daughter Connie — and one point of
Fame (Karl decides that people in Brenda's immediate neigh-
borhood know her, mostly for her legendary fights with her
ex-husband Kelly). He also gives her a point of Resources,

SP » Gee pet gs es

just so she won't be destitute. Karl asks Gwen if Brenda needs
more to own a small house in a lousy neighborhood. She
assures him that one point is sufficient. With his final
Background point, Karl buys yet another point of Allies —
Brenda's obedient 16-year-old son Steve.

Now would normally be the time for Karl to choose
Brenda's Virtues and resultant edges. However, that's Gwen's
purview for the purposes of this chronicle; Karl has no idea
what's coming.

SraFretasr Toucnss

After thinking about how each capability and Trait
originates in the life he's imagined, Karl has a pretty good
idea of what's going on with Gramma Rogers. He pictures her
asa short, dense woman — not quite built like a fireplug, but
close. She usually wears shapeless housedresses or sweat suits
and hasn't put on high heels for a decade. She's 56 years old
and her kids are widespread. Connie, the oldest, is close to
40. ("So she had a kid when she was a teenager?" Gwen asks.
Karl nods.) Her next two children were also daughters —
Linda, age 20, and Jeanette, age 18. Steve is the baby of the
family, but Jeanette is the real troublemaker.

Gwen asks why Brenda started having kids again at age
36. Karl thinks a moment, then responds, "Well, Kelly really
wanted a son. When the marriage started getting worse, she
hoped babies would hold them together." Gwen nods. "
why is there such a gap between Connie and Linda?" With-
out even thinking, Karl says "Oh, Connie's from her first
marriage." When asked how that one ended, Karl decides
that Brenda's first husband (her high-school boyfriend Rick)

died in a car wreck.

0

Gwen then wants to know why Connie, Neil and Steve
count as Allies while other family members don't. Karl
thinks, decides that Connie was always a smart kid, got a
college scholarship and is now a reporter for the local paper.
AsforNeil, he'sastate trooper. Steve's good boy — not real
bright, but obedient (bless his heart). He's a wrestler, so that
keeps him out of trouble. It's Jeanette who's the problem
child — 18, man-crazy and eager to move out of the house
while she still knows everything.

Brenda starts with the standard 3 Willpower for now.

She has no starting Cofviction as far as Karl knows,
since she has not yet been assigned a creed.

Karl has 21 freebie points to play with. He goes back to
pick up two points of Leadership (which costs four freebie
points). He takes three dots of Subterfuge (from putting up
with Kelly's and Jeanette's lies), which costs six points. Karl
reconsiders Brenda's Strength and decides to purchase an-

other dot, which costs five freebie points (raising so many
kids has simply made her stronger). Brenda should have some
Contacts, too. Who? Kelly, of course; something of a lowlife,
but not without charm. She can occasionally shake a favor
out of him in return for cutting some slack on alimony
payments. Karl spends one freebie point on the Background.

CHAPYER4:THAVE HEARD Y HE MESSAGE

|
|

!
|

|
)

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Since Brenda has put up with so much trouble and
hardship, Karl decides that she should have a few extra points
of Willpower. He spends three freebie points there, fora total
of 6 Willpower. Conviction also sounds cool to Karl; he
wants Brenda to take up any future cause just as passionately
she has every other in her life. He sets aside two freebie points
to get two more Conviction, later. Gwen frowns at the last
choice, but accepts it given Brenda's status as a neighbor-
hood champion (Brenda surely never dreamed of just how far
that self-appointed role would go).

Exawecs Pretude

Gwen runs a concurrent prelude for Karl and two other
players in the troupe (one has chosen a burly party animal
from a local college, the other a potbellied criminal lawyer).
Switching from character to character, Gwen goes through
their daily routines. Karl's character gets the kids ready for
school, then goes off to work. The college student attends a
few classes, while the lawyer goes to the office. Gwen isclever
enough to engineer several "near misses" for them — Brenda
and the student go to the same sandwich shop for lunch. In
the course of roleplaying, the two players decide that Brenda
knows the student's mom. The lawyer graduated from the
student's college, so the alumnus stops by campus to return a
book to the library. Brenda and the lawyer nearly run into
each other in downtown Rock Island: He's going to the
liquor store, and she's dropping off a load of laundry.

The near misses build some tension among the players.
They know something's coming, but not what or when. The
college student goes off to his weekend job — bouncer at a
local bar called Safari. The lawyer has dinner with a potential
client. Brenda gets home and finds out that Jeanette has
snuck out of the house, despite being grounded.

A furious interrogation of her kids and a few neighbors
turns up Jeanette's likely destination: a sleazy dive called
Safari. Good and mad by now, Brenda gets in her car and
drives off — running a red light in her haste and forcing the
lawyer to slam on his brakes as he drives home from dinner.
His car stalls and won't restart, forcing him to look for a pay
phone. The only places on the street that look even vaguely
open are Safari and something called "Video Slut Hut —
Live Nude Dancers!" He decides on Safari.

Brenda gets past the bouncer without paying a cover by
saying, "It'll just take mea moment to go in and get my under-
age daughter." The college student lets her by and Brenda
immediately begins scanning the bar for Jeanette. She spots
her in a corner, snuggled up to a leering guy in leather pants
and asilk shire. Gwen asks for a Perception roll, checks Karl's
result and tells him:

"The guy doesn't look like he's local — too polished,
too well-dressed, too good looking to be skulking around a
dive bar. Then, for a timeless moment, he looks completely
different. He's not handsome — he's horrible, with burning
eyes and pallid, rotten skin. He smiles at your daughter and
you can see jagged pointy teeth set in receding black gums.

Pe es

His clammy, bony hand slides down her shoulder toward
her breast.

"Suddenly, you realize that the bar is silent, even though
everyone still seems to be talking and drinking. It's like
you've been struck deaf, except for a voice — your own, but
not, like when you hear yourself on a tape recorder: "IT
FEEDS UPON YOUR CHILD. SALVATION RESTS IN
YOUR HANDS."

"Then time and sound catch up with you again. The
thing clutching your daughter turns to look you dead in the
eyes — and sees to your very soul."

Karl declares, "I graba pool cue and plantitin the middle
of the bastard's skull!"

Since Brenda's first instinct is to attack the creature,
Gwen decides that Brenda is an adherent of the Zeal Virtue,
perhapsan Avenger. The first-rank Vengeance ability Cleave
seems appropriate to assist her action.

Gwen turns to the student's player, "You see that woman
grab a pool cue and head off toward the corner with a mean
look in her eye. Suddenly you realize there's something vile
and decaying there — but moving — and that she's closing
in on it. You wonder if the cue is smoldering in her hands!"

The bouncer decides to move in closer to find out what's
going on — and what the hell that thing is. That's when he's
strangely drawn to the bar's back door. Not the door pre-
cisely, but the sign above it that reads: "EXIT. NOW!" Then
it's all clear to him. He has to get the woman and that...
guy... out of the bar. That way, there'll be no trouble inside
and he can find out how it got past him.

Just then, the lawyer enters to use the phone and
stumbles upon the scene. No one in the bar seems to realize
what's going on, but it's clear as day to him. His first thought
is to get the customers away. Nightmarish images of violence
and rage race through his mind; people being torn to pieces
as some monster lashes out in fury. "Fire," the lawyer yells.
"Everyone get out! Fire!" The crowd responds immediately
and floods screaming toward the main doorway.

Grotesque violence ensues in the corner. It ends only
after several bar patrons are injured (including the lawyer)
and the creature escapes. Thanks to Brenda, it leaves with a
mangled left arm.

Once an eerie calm settles actoss the bar, Brenda, the
college kid and the lawyer realize that they're the only ones
left inside — and that only they seemed to understand what
was really going on. It isn't difficult to recognize their
connection when they almost simultaneously ask a gamut of
questions: "What was that thing?" "What the hell just
happened?" "What did I just do?" "Where did it go?" And...
"Where's my daughter?"

The last question is the most telling. Once the terror and
uncertainty subside, it's clear that Brenda's daughter is not
among the bar refugees. She must have left with that... But
who can help Brenda find Jeanette? The mother is already in
trouble for what's happened here; sirens sound in the dis-

aca CE ag WA. gees: ppt, Ue

a

Si A


A » Wee put gs Gs

tance. No one will believe what she saw or heard. Who can
she turn to but — the only other people who stood with her!
Acting without thought for the second time tonight, she
grabs the others by the arm and pushes them toward the back
door.

"Come on! My daughter is with that monster! You're the
only ones who can help!"

And so it begins.

Araware

After this prelude, the players get their Hunter chronicle
under way. Their characters take their first plummeting step
into a world of despair that they've never known. Now is the
time for Karl and the other players to fill in any missing
details on their character sheets or to make any changes that
better suit the personas they've just played.

Gwen has decided the characters' creeds based on their
first instinctive reactions to the monster they encountered.
Brenda has proved herself an Avenger for her violent re-
sponse, the college studenta Visionary for expressing curiosity
and creativity, and the lawyer a Martyr, Redeemer or Inno-
cent. Gwen settles on Innocent for his desire to protect the
safety of the bar patrons.

The players could certainly request changes to their
assignments. Karl could ask that Brenda be a Defender
instead; Brenda's violent action was simply the result of her
instinct to protect her child. Gwen is free to agree to such
changes or enforce her decisions. After all, did the characters
have any choice in what confronted them, or in how it will
affect their lives thereafter?

Once creeds are settled, Gwen assigns the characters'
starting Conviction ratings. Brenda is finally decreed an
Avenger, so her Conviction rating is 4, increased to 6 thanks
to the freebie points set aside for Conviction.

Since Virtues and edges weren't chosen before the
prelude, they can be now that creeds are known. As an
Avenger, Brenda's primary Virtue is Zeal. Karl gets three
Virtue points to spend. He wants Brenda to be relatively
focused, so he assigns two points to Zeal and one to Mercy to
reflect her Caregiver Nature.

Now that Virtuesare chosen, Karl chooses edges. Brenda's
two points of Zeal are enough to purchase only a level-one
edge from any of the Avenger, Defender or Judge paths
(three Zeal points would be required to acquire a level-two
Edge). Because Gwen already assigned Brenda Cleave in the
prelude, she makes Karl keep that edge. (Karl could also
acquire another level-one Zeal edge — from either the
Defense or Judgment path — with his remaining Zeal point
if he wanted to; see Spending "Unused" Virtue Points, p. 130,
for variations on buying powers.)

Karl also has 1 Mercy, so he can buy a level-one power
from any of the Redeemer, Martyr or Innocent paths. Karl
decides that Brenda is in this horrific mess because she
wants to turn Jeanette around, so Karl chooses the first
Redeemer power.

1 nn pee 42 gee fo

Gwen ascertains that Brenda's primary Virtue, Zeal, is
not exceeded by any other Virtue rating. Gwen also confirms
that Brenda's highest rated edge in her primary path is not
exceeded by any other edge ratings. The Storyteller is satis-
fied by Karl's assignment of powers.

Brenda is now complete and may proceed into a terrify-
ing life made bearable only with the protection and salvation
of her family.

Pansonntiry AncHer yPes:
Navurc AN) Dewennon

Everyone plays a role, often several, every day. Every
individual displays multiple layers of personality, varying
from the contrived to the sincere. Each of these roles defines
how we interact with the people and places around us, and we
choose which parts of ourselves we wish to show.

Icis the same with hunters. The concept of Nature and
Demeanor corresponds directly to the different mas
wear when we interact. Your Hunter character's Nature is
her true self, her innermost being — the person she truly is.
It is dangerous to show this, though, as it lets others know
who we are and what is important to us. Thus, your character
also has a Demeanor, a face he shows to the world. By
choosing how we relate to the world, we are able to choose

Ss we

how it relates to us; we guide the responses others give us.

Nature and Demeanor are usually strikingly different for
the imbued. Trying to maintain any semblance of a normal
life — and then confronting the unknown — makes for a
schizophrenic existence. Maintaining contrasting Natures
and Demeanors helps draw the lines between identities:
every-day person versus potential killer. And yet there are
those who take the hunt so far that it consumes all of theit
identities. Nothing else has meaning to these people, who
develop the same Nature and Demeanor —and are watched
closely by their allies for signs of going too far and becoming
a liability

Even if your character strives to show separate faces to
the world, the lines must sometimes blur. The shadows and
their agents are everywhere, operating by night and day.
They can be at work, on the street, at the gym or even in the
home. The truly wary never let down their guard and fre-
quently wear their hunter face for fear of showing weaknes:
— which could lead to death.

Philosophy and psychology aside, personality has an
effect on Hunter mechanics. Your character may regain her
drive and sense of purpose by acting in accordance with her
Nature. Every time your character fulfills the requirement of
her Nature Archetype (see below), she is eligible to regain a
point of spent Willpower (see p. 125). Your character regains
the point if the Storyteller allows it.

Archetypes allow you to build a sense of personality for
your character, and to define a bit of what makes her tick. Yet
Archetypes are not rigid; characters need not devote them-

CHAPTER 4:THAVE HEARD Y HE MESSAGE

|
|


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

selves slavishly to theit Natures and Demean-
ors. Rather, your character should act as you
reasonably or emotionally believe she would act

in a given situation. You should come up with
your own Archetypes that more closely define
how your character responds toher world. After
all, every character is an individual, and cus-
tomized Archetypes are a logical outgrowth of a
well-rounded character.

Here are some basic character Archetypes,
suitable for beginning play.

Aoorer

The Addict simply can't get enough of a good
thing. Unlike the Bon Vivant, who finds pleasure
where she can, the Addict turns a specific pleasure
into an obsession, giving it up only fora stronger urge.
Obviously, this may be a narcotic, but it can also be a
certain person, place or activity that has significance.
Gamblers, workaholics and stalkers are all good ex-
amples of the Addict Archetype.

— Regain Willpower when you are able to gorge
yourself on your chosen passion.

Arcunrzer

The Architect wishes to be immortalized through a
legacy that will remain long after she passes away. The legacy
may be solid like a building or gadget or it may be intangible
like a new idea or a prodigy. Pioneers, innovators and
entrepreneurs tend to be this Archetype.

— Regain Willpower whenever you do something
for which you know people will remember you.

Rurocear

The Autocrat craves complete control
over a situation, for he believes that his lead-
ership is always in the group's best interests
Whether the Autocrat's ideas are truly the
best is inconsequential; Power for
power's sake is your sole desire.
Dictators, corporate raiders and
people who rule by fear are Auto-
crat Archetypes.

— Regain Willpower
when you wrest control
ofasituation from some-

one else and maintain
command afterward.

' ae gy Snes spate


Box ¥ivaxr

The Bon Vivant knows that her time on Earth is limited,
so she tries to enjoy it while she can. The Bon Vivant always
seeks excess and instant gratification, sometimes to the point
of neglecting duty or common sense. Dilettantes, hedonists
and many teenagers are the Bon Vivant Archetype.

— Regain Willpower when you shirk a responsibility in
order to have a good time, which you feel more than compen-
sates for whatever consequences may result.

Bravo _

It doesn't matter how the Bravo gets his way, whether
physically or verbally, as long as he gets it by knocking
someone else down. Bravos take pleasure in displaying their
power first-hand to people they don't respect. The Bravo is
not necessarily devoid of compassion, he just prefers the
strong-arm method of getting things done. Commandos,
thugs and tough-guy cops are all Bravo Archetypes.

—Regain Willpower when you get your way by cowing
an opponent (or an ally).

Carcoen

The Caregiver is a welcome harbor in a sea of evil. She
takes pride in being a crutch for others to lean on in times of
trouble. Caregivers are not suckers, however, and will not
help people whom they feel do not deserve their aid. Doctors,
social workers and parents are all examples of the Caregiver
Archetype.

— Regain Willpower when you aid someone who truly
needs it, especially at some cost to yourself.

Ceteoaanr

The Celebrant takes joy in her cause. Whether the
character's passion is battle, religious fervor, foiling her rivals
or reading fine literature, it gives the Celebrant the strength
to withstand adversity. Given the chance, the Celebrant
indulges in her passion as deeply as possible. Unlike the
Fanatic (p. 100), the Celebrant pursues her passion not out
of duty, but out of enthusiasm. Crusaders, hippies, political
activists and art enthusiasts are Celebrant Archetypes.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you pursue
your cause or convert another character to the same pas-
sion. Conversely, lose a point of temporary Willpower
whenever you are denied your passion or it is completely
unavailable to you.

Cuno

The Child Archetype can show two different faces. On
the one hand, he may be the epitome of The Little Prince:
innocent, questioning, untouched by the world's pettiness.
On the other hand, he may be an immature, selfish creature
who demands a sort of dependence on others. Many Child
Archetypes such as children and the idle rich show a bit of
each face.

— Regain Willpower when your unsullied perspective
uncovers an answer that more world-weary people have

2 Gaee pet gs es

overlooked. Alternatively, regain Willpower when you get
your way through mulish stubbornness.

Conroamisr

The Conformist is the backbone of any group — seldom
making any plans herself, but following those of a competent
leader to their completion. Conformists aren't really sheep;
they can judge whose plans are worth carrying out. Besides,
a situation with too many chiefs and too few Indians leads to
the decimation of the tribe. Groupies, high-school students
and anyone who finds comfort in the masses may be a
Conformist Archetype.

— Regain Willpower when a plan succeeds thanks to
the unique support you lend it.

Comyn

The Conniver's time is much too precious to waste on
things that other people happily do for him. He takes pride
in getting others to do what he wants, and he may use any
means necessary to accomplish this. Salesmen, con artists
and the intelligent-but-lazy are all Conniver Archetypes

— Regain Willpower whenever you get someone else to
do your dirty work.

‘Cunwunczon

The Curmudgeon refuses to hold any delusions about
outcomes or ideas, even if it earns him the title "pessimist."
Nothing ever works out the way it should, and Murphy's Law
is sometimes a lot more applicable than the laws of physics.
And don't even get him started on people.... Curmudgeons
can be anyone, from crabby old ladies to disaffected youth.

— Regain Willpower when someone does something
stupid or a plan fails, just like you knew it would. You may
have to predict this failure privately to the Storyteller.

Drccror

To the Director, nothing is worse than chaos and disor-
der. The Director seeks to be in charge, adopting a "my way
or the highway" attitude on matters of decision-making. The
Director is most concerned with bringing order out of strife,
however, and need not be truly "in control" of a group to
guide it. Coaches, teachers and many political figures exem-
plify the Director Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower when you influence a
group in the completion of a difficult task.

Drcancr

Dreamers strive to use their ideas to rise above their
surroundings or limitations. They may share their views with
others, but seldom have a plan for going from what is to what
should be. Thus, Dreamers' lofty goals are often met with
skepticism, but it is these tests of societal boundaries that
bring about change in the end. Inventors, artists and philoso-
phers most closely embody the Dreamer Archetype.

— Regain Willpower whenever you convince someone
to alter their course of action and follow your vision.

CHAPTER4:IHAVEHEARD THE MESSAGE

— eee se ore gt Ee ee

|
!
|
|
|
|

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Fruarie

The Fanatic has a higher goal and his sense of duty
requires him to follow it to the utmost. If someone, even
the defenseless, get in the way of this objective, the
Fanatic pushes them down and walks over them ifhe must.
The end always justifies the means. Revolutionaries, crack-
pots and extremists fall into this mold.

— Choose a cause. Gain Willpower every time you
take a major stride in support of it.
G :

A Gallant wants nothing more than the admiration of
others. She's a showoff and performer, dramatizing a situ-
ation if she feels it wins her an audience. Sometimes, the
Gallant loses track of the goal in her histrionic pursuit of
it. Gallants are often actors, single children and others
who base their self-esteem on the approval of others.

—Regain Willpower when yousuitably impress some-
one (Storyteller's discretion).

Gaweur

To the Gambler, life is a toss of the dice and there is
no greater thrill than beating the odds. Gamblers some-
times get themselves into dangerous situations simply for
the affirmation that comes from escaping it. Daredevils,
extreme-sports fanatics and stock brokers are good ex-
amples of the Gambler Archetype.

— Regain Willpower when you triumph against
difficult odds, especially when you've stacked them
against yourself.

Prpacogue

The Pedagogue knows it all and desperately wants to
inform others. Whether through a sense of purpose or a
genuine desire to help others, the Pedagogue makes sure
his message is heard — at length, if necessary. Pedagogue
Archetypes may range from well-meaning mentors to
verbose blowhards who love to hear themselves talk.
Instructors, the overeducated and "veterans of their field"
are all examples of Pedagogue Archetypes.

— Regain one point of Willpower whenever you see
or learn of someone who benefits from your wisdom.

Powranr

Pentients have a sin, real or imagined, for which they
wish to atone. The Penitent himself determines the sin.
Some Penitents have an ever-increasing list of wrongs
that they accumulate from day to day, all of which must be
ameliorated in different ways. Penitents aren't necessarily
religious, they simply feel they must scourge an evil within
them. Reformed criminals and persons with low self-
esteem are Penitent Archetypes.

— Gain Willpower when you perform an adequate act
of reparation that either removes a lesser sin or is a step
toward assuaging a greater one (Storyteller's discretion).

nae CE gg genes: ste, SE
anny eee

a Ney CG ES

Paecrionst

A job worth doing is a job worth doing perfectly, and
the Perfectionist accepts nothing less. She spends long
hours detailing her plans and is not satisfied unless they
are executed flawlessly. Perfectionists also tend to expect
this sort of care from others. Prima donnas, directors and
Olympic trainers are all Perfectionist Archetypes.

— Regain Willpower when you achieve unmitigated
success in something important.

Resa

The Rebel has a need to undermine authority.
Whether his grievances against th em are legitimate
or simply an outgrowth of some wrong done to him in the
past is inconsequential. The Rebel consciously prefers to
challenge an authority figure or society's dictates, even
if his choice may lead him down a more difficult road.
Teenagers, nonconformists and criminals may all be
Rebel Archetypes.

— Regain Willpower whenever you oppose an au-
thority figure and let him know it, or when you earn
others' respect for opposing the status quo.

Rocue

The Rogue relies on no one but himself. His sense of
self-sufficiency is strong, and he tends to consider the
dependence of others to be weakness. Although he is not
necessarily cold-hearted or cruel, he usually has the best
interests of only one person in mind: himself. The Rogue
may work with other hunters in order to survive, but doing
so rankles him and he seeks every opportunity to go off on
his own. Capitalists, slum-dwellers and smugglers all em-
body the Rogue Archetype.

— Regain Willpower when you profit by focusing on
yourself only.

Survivor

No matter what happens, no matter the odds or
opposition, the Survivor always manages to pull through.
Whether alone or with a group, the Survivor's utter refusal
to accept defeat often makes the difference between suc-
cess and failure. Survivors are frustrated by others'
acceptance of "what fate has in store," or by any unwilling-
ness to better a situation. Outcasts, street folk and idealists
may well be Survivor Archetypes.

— Regain one point of Willpower whenever you
survive a threatening situation through tenacity, or
when another persists in spite of adversity thanks to
your counsel.

Tradrrionausy

The Traditionalist is wary of the risks that untested
methods present. For her, there is safety in the tried and
true. Traditionalists tend to be followers of the status quo;
if it works for everyone else, it works for her, too. Conser-


vatives, authorities and generally anyone who benefits
from the System may be a Traditionalist Archetype.

— Regain Willpower whenever your use of the proven
ways discredits more radical methods.

Thieksrs

No matter how grim the situation becomes, the
Trickster is able to dredge up a bit of humor from it.
Tricksters try to lighten the spirits of everyone around
them by using commentary, wit or physical humor. By.
putting on a gleeful mask, the Trickster hopes to play
the fool for everyone, including himself. Political car-
toonists, comedians and class clowns often have
Trickster Archetypes.

— Regain Willpower whenever you manage to lighten
a dark situation and give others hope.

Arveeurss

Hunters, their prey and nearly all other sentient
beings in the World of Darkness have Attributes. These
Traits determine your character's raw potential in sev-
eral general categories. Most people have scores between
I (poor) and 3 (above average), with 2 representing
typical human potential. Rare gifted individuals may
have an Attribute score of 4 (excellent) and a tiny
percent of the population possesses scores of 5 (peak
human capacity). These last are the people who break
Olympic records, cure civilization-threatening diseases
and end wars — or start them.

PHYSICAL

Physical Traits reflect the condition of your character's
body. These Traits are usually highest in action-oriented
characters, those who can both take and deliver corporal
abuse or get the hell out of the way if the need arises.

Srengru

Father St. George weighed his options quickly: The grate
looked heavy, its hinges stubbornly rusted from years of
neglect. He glanced down the tunnel ahead, playing his flash-
light beam off the murky water. He supposed there might be a
culvert at the end ora loose manhole that he could force up. But
it was just as likely that the tunnel ended abruptly in a flood
gate, or even worse, continued to narrow until he was crawling
through the sewage like a rat — swimming in his own vomit as
those things stalking him gnawed on his ass.

He put the end of the flashlight in his mouth, laced his
fingers through the grillwork and yanked desperately.

Strength is your character's brute physical power. It is
the determining factor in all tests of muscles alone. Arm
wrestling, heavy lifting and smashing things are all good
examples of tasks that require a Strength roll. The number
of points your character has in Strength is added to his
damage dice pool in hand-to-hand combat.

EE oe eo ey

A specialty is a particular subcategory of a Trait
in which a character is particularly adept. A doctor
character with several dots in Medicine may special-
ize in hematology. A character with a high Stamina
may be able to endure torture without a whimper. A
thief proficient in Security might be adept at cracking
safes. Only characters with scores of 4 or higher in a
particular Trait may choose to specialize in them.
Choose a one or two-word label for your character's
specialty and mark it on your character sheet next to
the Trait in question. The Trait descriptions in this
chapter list examples of specialties. Specialties apply
to only Attributes and Abiliti

If you make a die roll involving an activity in
which your character has specialized, you may re-roll
any 10 in order to gain even more successes, ignoring
any botches on the re-roll. Any 10 received on a re-
roll is rolled again until there are no further 10s. The
results of such rolls are the extraordinary successes
that can be achieved through near-mastery of a par-
ticular field.

Example: Brandon enters the university library af-
ter-hours, attempting to understand the odd glyphs and
wards that he found in the basement of the old plan-
etarium. To determine success, the Storyteller has the
player roll Brandon's Intelligence (3) + Research (4,
specialty: runes) against a difficulty of 8. The player gets
only two successes, both 10s. He re-rolls them and gets a
Yanda 10. Here-rolls the final 10 and gets an 8, fora total
of five successes. Thanks to his specialty (and to careful
cross-referencing) , Brandon is able to discover not only
the dark meaning of the symbols, but their supposed origin

Specialties: Strong Back, Rock Grip, Unmovable,
Calves of Steel

. Poor: You can lift 40 pounds.

oe Average: You can lift 100 pounds.

©©© Good: You can lift 250 pounds.

© Exceptional: You can lift 400 pounds.

© Outstanding: You can lift 600 pounds.

Decranry

"I'm not afraid to die again!"

The dead thing's defiance was almost drowned out in the
raging gale. It edged toward the bowsprit of the tiny craft, pea
jacket flapping madly like the tattered sail. Michelle fought
down her nausea as she staggered across the pitching, rolling
deck. Her feet threatened to slide out from under her with
every step and dump her onto the slick boards before the
monster. The unfamiliar weight of the fire ax in her hands

=


HUNTER: THERECKONING

made finding her balance even more difficult, but she wasn't
about to alleviate herself of that burden.

Your character's Dexterity Attribute indicates her fa-
miliarity with the movements of her body. It comprises her
speed, balance and agility in large physical actions, as well as
her acumen with fine motions — those requiring hand-eye
coordination or subtle grace.

Specialties: Swift, Graceful, Lightning Reflexes,
Surgeon's Hands

° Poor: After the first disaster, your dad never played
catch with you again.
oe Average: You seldom embarrass yourself at the

company softball game.
Good: Learning new sports comes easily for you.

Exceptional: You could profit from your talents as
a professional juggler, dancer or cat burglar.

@ © ¢ © eOutstanding: You have the fluid, natural grace
of a panther.

‘Sawa

The volume on the expensive German speakers was as high
as it could go. Despite the pounding bass and the Maxi-Kup of
Kenyan AA surging through his system, Marshall was hypnotized
by the rhythm of the lane divider as it passed beneath his sedan.
He rubbed his eyes hard, making fireworks blossom in the red
darkness. He'd been driving for over a day-and-a-half now, with
only the briefest stops for gas, piss and coffee. He hated this
torture, but if he tried to board a plane with what he had buried
under blankets in the trunk, well, there would be questions. The
sedan's high beams illuminated a sign: "San Francisco 314."

Stamina covers both your character's physical and men-
tal fortitude. Hunters with high Stamina can withstand
hellish amounts of pain, resist crippling amounts of fatigue
or illness, and — if the need arises — drink copious amounts
of alcohol and remain standing. With great Stamina comes
a tenacity that allows your character to endure when others
have long before given in. Your character's Stamina deter-
mines how many dice are rolled to soak injuries.

Specialties: Tireless, Unyielding, Tough as Hell, Un-
mindful of Pain

. Poor: You hop into the car to visit friends down
the street.

oe Average: Golf carts are for sissies.

eee

Good: You frequently pull all-nighters for work
with a minimum of complaining.
© Exceptional: You could run all day if you had to.
© © Outstanding: You often run all day — for fun.

Sociat

Stalking the world's Most Dangerous Game is often

treacherous, even for the most able hunters. Social At'
tributes come in handy for prudent ones who hope to enlist
others' help, talk to "the enemy," lure unsuspecting prey into
a more vulnerable position, or to deal with outsiders not in

a Ney Ca Sy

on the big secret. These Traits determine your character's
capacity to win friends and influence people.

Cuaziswa

"You're not wrong, and I don't blame you for doing your job."
Marshall's voice was gentle and placating, as if he were calming a
frightened puppy. His friend Angela choked back a laugh.

"The combined worth of the books in here exceeds 4.2 million
dollars, you know," the librarian groused. Over the course of his

_ conversation with Marshall, the little troll's mien had softened

from truculent obstinacy to petulant wheedling. "The background
forms only take a few weeks to clear..."

Ten minutes later, they were discussing their mutual hatred
of paperwork. A few minutes after that, they were sharing fly-
fishing tales

That afternoon, Marshall pored over an 18th-century folio,
the book he wasn't supposed to see.

Charisma comes into play when your character attempts
towin over another orto get others to trust him. sma does
not work through trickery or deceit — that's Manipulation's
domain. Rather, Charisma worksasa straightforward means to
get others to share your character's point of view. It may take
longer to win others to your side, but they won't hate you
afterward as they might with Manipulation.

Specialties: Eloquent, Smooth Talker, Trustworthy,
Commanding Presence, Charming
2 Poor: You don't have many friends, but who needs

stupid ol' friends anyway?

oo Average: You can be likable when you want to be.

People are drawn to you despite little or no
special effort on your part.
@eee Exceptional: Your disarming presence, even in a

brief encounter, is talked about for months afterward.
@ © © © Outstanding: Near-strangers would take bullets

for you.

Manutarion

"You made love to my wife!" Roland's face and voice were
shattered glass. Erick prepared the climax to the opus he'd been
composing all evening. He was there to coax out the beast that they
said lived within Roland Van Owen. He needed to see for himself.

"We didn't make love. We fucked," Erick spat the last word,
giving it the emphasis of a cinder block tossed into a duck pond,
"We used each other."

The rogue hunter paused only for a second to emit an animal
roar at his tormentor, then he charged with the same raw ferocity
that had razed the Bella Vista slums that August. The report from
Erick' pistol echoed in the tiny room. Roland's head and the spent
casing hit the floorboards simultaneously. The souls of a dozen
charred defenseless were avenged in the fetid night air.

Manipulation is the fine art of getting others to do what
your character wants, whether it's in their best interests or
not. The best manipulators can make others believe that a
proposed task is indeed to their advantage, that there really
isno better way. Of course, some people find that fast-talking


and badgering produce quicker results. A character using
Manipulation —as opposed to Charisma — doesn't want to
make an ally, only to mold a patsy to her will.

A hunter who applies Manipulation frequently wins few
friends. No one likes to be used; failed or botched Manipu-
lation rolls routinely engender feelings of distrust

Specialties: Tempting, Evocative, Silver-Tongued,
Calculating

. Poor: You've learned to tug at others' base desires,
but thar's all. .
© Average: Youcan usually put one over on folks who

already trust you.

Good: You seldom have to dirty your hands with
unwanted chores.

eee Exceptional: Peopleare your playthings, tobe taken
from their boxes and thrown away at your whim

© © © @ Outstanding: "As your new president..."

Arrcarance

Michaelangelo was stoked. Before that thing took him in last
week, dynamite-looking chicks wouldn't even talk to him. Now
the hottest booty in the club had nabbed him — Him! —even with
his chicken legs and beak of a nose. If only they could see him now,
leading this babe out the back door for a little action. Being
immortal was awesome! He kissed her hand, causing her to giggle

and swat him playfully with her purse.

a, » ee gat ge Bees

"Damn, girl," he said in mock pain, "what's in there? A
bowling ball?" She just laughed.

That's when the "girl" showed Michaelangelo what the weight
in her purse was. And that it was loaded with hollow-point bullets.

The Appearance Attribute measures more than simply
your character's looks — it represents the intangibles about
her presence: the way your character holds herself in public,
for example, or the air of confidence that she emanates.
Almost everyone has been surprised by a seemingly unre-
markable individual whose je ne sais quoi makes her irresistible.

Despite countless trite maxims and "ugly duckling"
rehashes, people are generally disposed toward those they
find attractive, even if they think they should know better.
The power of the first impression is immense; a character
with low Appearance may struggle to create a good one. In
fact, in social situations where first impressions are para-
mount, your character's Social dice pool may be limited to
her Appearance score, even if the Attribute otherwise rolled
is Charisma or Manipulation.
Seductive, Fresh-Faced, Aristocratic,

Specialties

Alluring

° Poor: You are the target of derision by people who
should have outgrown the habit.

© Average: You buy your own drinks at bars.

@¢@ Good: You find it easier to make friends of the
opposite sex.

CHAPYER4:THAVE HEARD T HE MESSAGE

|
|

HUNTER: THERECKONING

e@eee Exceptional: Your beauty attracts a lot of attention
— which may not always be a good thing.
© Outstanding: You cause accidents at traffic lights.

Manrat

Mental Attributes describe the efficacy of the gray,
spongy stuff between your character's ears. Not simply about
your character's ability to learn and think critically, these
Traits measure her capacity to interpret her surroundings and
react to them quickly.

Pancerrion

"I guess he's not flying out with us tonight, after all — not
unless he wants to unplug himself from those IVs."

"Uh-uh. That chicken-shit's going to San Francisco. Play
the message again."

"Huh?"

Before Eph could react, Spaulding reached forward and
pressed the "rewind" button. Victor's enfeebled voice croaked
about dizziness and hospital beds.

"Now listen — right before he hangs up — listen to the
background noise." There was a short trough of static between the
message's final "Good luck" and the terminal click. Eph held her
breath. Just before the click of the receiver, sunk deep beneath the
waves of distortion, she heard it: the clack of billiard balls.

This Attribute represents your character's capacity to
cull important details from her surroundings, sometimes
consciously, often intuitively. A hunter with high Percep-
tion is sensitive to specific environmental stimuli, and may
notice the razor concealed up the "sweet" little girl's sleeve
long before his allies do.

Specialties: Insightful, High-Strung, Discerning,
Detail-Oriented
° Poor: Something needs to bite you on the ass before

you notice it.

Average: You can pick up on some small details.

Good: You have a talent for sifting out the
important minutiae of a situation.

e@eee Exceptional: You're intimately aware of your
surroundings at all times.

© © © © © Outstanding: You never needed to use a microscope
in Bio class.

Inrstucence

"1010101010."

"More than just a meaningless bunch of 10s on the back of
a business card, right Victor?"

As Houston wracked his brain, Pike rifled through the
wallet a fourth time. "You said the stop code would be in here!
You said he—"

"He told me it was there. Victor wouldn't remember his
wife's name if it was tattooed on his arm!" Houston waved the
card at Pike, "This has to be it."

"Itcan't be," Pike's voice was tense as he watched the bomb's
display tick below "30." "It's gotta be a three-digit code, moron!

a Ney Can, Ge,

Told you that ewice!"

Houston closed his eyes for a moment, calculating. Then, he
reached over Victor's unconscious form to the bomb's keypad and
hit "3," then "4," then "I." The countdown stopped. He tuned
to Pike. "Binary, ‘moron.'"

The Intelligence Attribute measures several aspects of
what makes a person appear smart in others' eyes: reasoning
ability, memory, creative and critical thinking, and problem
solving. Intelligence is no substitute for experience, though.

* The whiz kid with almost no common sense is a cliché.

Likewise, there are kids who can't find Europe on a blank
map, but who can survive in the most dangerous neighbor-
hoods in town.

Specialties: Creative, Puzzle Fiend, Book-Smart,
Elephant-like Memory
e Poor: Ain't got no use fer learnin' no-how (IQ 80).
© Average: You do the newspaper crossword puzzle
and word jumble every day (IQ 100).
Good: Every team wants you on their side for Trivial
Pursuit (IQ 120).
Exceptional: You can rise to the challenge of
reading Ulysses (1Q 140).
@¢¢¢ Outstanding: You consider James Joyce tolerable

bathroom reading (IQ 160).

Wns

Michael knew that if he kept running blindly through the
maze, they'd catch him eventually. He could hear them over the
dull thud of the drum and bass music from upstairs. The basement
of the club was the color of a blood blister, lit only by infrequent,
dangling bulbs. If his pursuers happened to come down this
corridor, there would be no witnesses.

He glanced into a deep alcove as he passed by. Two figures
writhed together in the shadows, their moist whispers barely
audible. As the clank of heavy chains grew louder behind him,
Michael dropped to his knees just inside the alcove's entrance,
facing the couple. Gotta hide, his brain screamed, Gotta blend
in. And with that, Michael unzipped his pants and began to
blend in.

Intelligence refers to how deeply your character's con-
sciousness runs; Wits measures how quickly it flows. A
character with high Wits can understand and adapt quickly
to changes, whereas one with low Wits might struggle to
absorb everything. Characters with high Wits are also able to
resist panic, even in dire situations.

Specialties: Unsurprisable, Sharp-Tongued, Level-
Headed, Adaptable
° Poor: You have trouble getting knock-knock jokes.
©© Average: Youmake pointedly snide comments while
watching bad movies.

Good: You know the perfect put-down for every
situation.
eee Exceptional: No one ever gets the jump on you.


GA 2» Gee pat ge Bs

@¢¢ © eQOutstanding: Your body has trouble keeping up
with your mind.

Rennes

Whereas Attributes are the natural potentials your
character was born with, Abilities measure how he puts
those potentials to use. Your character may have light-
ning-fast reflexes, but can he transfer that nimbleness to
his car when it fishtails on an icy road? Even the smooth-
est charmer can look like a putz at a black-tie affair if he
doesn't know the correct formalities. Attributes can im-
prove through years of experience, training or study, while
Abilities are much more flexible. When your character
attempts to do anything, you usually roll a dice pool
combining an Attribute and an appropriate Ability.

There are 36 Abilities separated evenly into three
separate categories: Talents, Skills and Knowledges. Some
Abilities (Expression, Crafts, Performance, Academics,
Science) require you to choose a specialty (p. 101), even
if your character's rating is not 4 or higher. For example,
a character with Performance may have a grounding in
singing, dancing and acting from her off-Broadway expe-
rience — but her true talent (her specialty) lies in
dramatic soliloquies

Paint a picture of your character's identity and past
when choosing Abilities. The things a person knows or is
able to do say a lot about her. Even a single dot in an
Ability can reveal a fascinating aspect of her identity —
especially when the Ability seems to clash with the
character's concept. A company CEO with points in
Streetwise? Maybe he rose to prominence from his begin-
nings in the inner city and never lost touch with the old
neighborhood. Perhaps he's in the thrall of a brutal coke
addiction and doesn't trust anyone else to arrange his fix.
As longas you remain in the realm of plausibility, use your
allotted points as a palette to create a memorable portrait.

Yaumrs

Talents are capabilities for which your character simply
has a knack, regardless of training or instruction. The only
way to improve these Traits is through direct experience,
although pointers are occasionally useful. If you attempt an
action involving a Talent that your character doesn't pos-
sess, you suffer no additional penalties (increased difficulty,
for example); everyone has some degree of aptitude in these
most instinctive of Traits.

Rusmrress

So when I walk into the house and find Ephie giving me a
Bronx cheer from the end of a piano wire, | know they're
enjoying this. I suppress my feelings for my dead friend in hopes
of venting them on her killers. Her face still has color, so it
seems I've just missed the party. By the look of the place, she
put up a good fight.

knew his stuff when he was still alive, but that grave smell is

a dead giveaway.

Then I remember: Poor Eph had a cold.

Unlike the Perception Attribute, which represents
your character's knack for recognizing specific clues, the
Alertness Talent measures how sensitive he is to his
physical surroundings. A character with high Alertness
can take in every detail of a scene in an instant and use
Perception to sift out the important ones.

Alertness is different from Awareness in that the former
makes your character sensitive to his physical surroundings. The
latter makes him sensitive to his supematural surroundings.

O) Novice: "I think we're in trouble here."

ee Practiced: "These guys are pretty tough for a bunch
of winos. We're in trouble."

eee ~—Competent: "Since when do bums have fur? We're
in big trouble."

e@eee Expert: "These ‘street people' have all got
submachine guns under their coats. We're in really
big trouble."

@e¢eeeMaster: "I'm more worried about the pack of
slavering wolves about to come up through the
grate behind us. We're screwed."

Possessed by: Hunters, Detectives, The Paranoid, Security

Personnel, Journalists

Specialties: A Specific Sense (Hearing, Smell, Taste, Sight,

Touch), Concealed Items, Wilderness, Urban Areas

Armeries

Two figures leapt across the gulf between the buildings, but
only one landed on the other side

"Parker," came a harsh whisper from below. "Parker, give
me a hand! Hurry!" The larger one, fat after quiet years behind
a desk, dangled from the lip of a rain gutter.

The small one tuned and looked down into the abyss, then
across at the approaching hounds. They moved gracelessly. But
far from being amusing, their unnaturalness seemed only fright-
ening to him. Their jerky movements wholly belied a bizarre
agility, speed and cunning. They tore at the gravel of the far
rooftop as they loped toward him. He gave one last look at his
partner's whitening fingers and began to fumble a fistful of rounds
into his revolver.

Athletics covers how well your character can run, jump,
swim, hurl, pursue and flee. Naturally, it includes adeptness
at sports, but not basic motor skills covered by Attributes
alone (such as power lifting orsleight of hand). Additionally,
Athletics doesn't intrude upon the realms of other Abilities
such as Brawl or Dodge.

° Novice: Sunday-afternoon tennis lessons as a kid.

@* Practiced: High-school athlete.

©*© Competent: College-football hero.

eee Expert: Olympic hopeful.

© © © Master: The salary your skills could demand would
outstrip the GNP of several developing nations.

I smell the rotting bastard long before I see him. I feel
him when I spin and sink my foot into his bloated gut. He
EE nes See ee fas a

CHAPYER4:THAVEHEARD YHE MESSAGE

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Possessed by: Athletes, Outdoors Enthusiasts, Fitness
Nuts, Kids
Specialties: Swimming, Climbing, Acrobatics, Dancing,
Swinging

Awanoxess

There was only one thing in the missing hunter's apartment
that frightened Erick, and he couldn't say why. It was the small,
bug-eyed creature that sat atop Sarin's monitor and stared
unblinkingly at the far wall. It was about the size of his clenched
fist and made of molded plastic, like something Sarin might have
won at acamy. Nonetheless, it filled Erick with vague unease, as
if the sparrow-egg eyes flitted after him when he turned away.
Then Michelle called them all into the kitchen, and he forgot the
little figure. It wasn't until it tarned up in Erick's bag that he
remembered it.

Your character is able to see the world as she never could
before, and not just as a result of being imbued — other
hunters can see the truth, too. No, your character is able to
notice unusual phenomena in her vicinity and perhaps even
detect the presence of the supernatural — things that even
her peers miss. A few successes might instill the sense of
another presence in a room. A large number might allow your
character to pinpoint the specific nature of a monster,
provided she's encountered it before. This Talent extends to

both animate and inanimate objects, and to phenomena that .

may be invisible to the unenlightened.

AN ee

Although you must still expend Conviction for your
character to detect and recognize the supernatural (see p.
132), she doesn't necessarily need to use an edge to identify
the exact nature of a creature — say a shapechanger or a
bloodsucker. Rather, sufficient successes in an Awareness
roll identify the creature at the Storyteller's discretion.
Awareness may also allow your character to simply sense that
her environment is supernaturally askew or tainted, without

__ benefit of any concrete evidence. 1

Awareness is different from Alertness in that the former
makes your character sensitive to his mystical surroundings.
The latter makes him sensitive to his physical surroundings
Awareness and Intuition also differ in that Awareness im-
partsan inherentsense for the supernatural, whereas Intuition
offers a simple sense for correct choices and possibilities,
usually mundane rather than mystical.

. Novice: Youinstinctively mistrustsome people, but
you're not sure why.

ee Practiced: You've seen some things that no rational
explanation could account for.

Competent: You see the ethereal threads that en
mesh the waking world.

eee Expert: You suspect that there are realms beyond
your own, perhaps the homelands of the creatures

you hunt.


A » Wee gest gs Bs

© Master: You see so much of the unexplainable,
you're worried that it might drive you mad. Maybe
it already has.

Possessed by: Psychics, Gypsies, American Indians, Asylum

Inmates

Specialties: Talismans, the Undead, Animals, Portents, Su-

pernatural Powers, Auras

Brant .

Fear tore at Michelle's brain as the revenant pinned her to the
ground with its cold body. Fear turned to panic when the creature's
hands wrapped around her throat and squeezed. Purple lightning
seemed to flash before her eyes. The creature's head moved toward
hers, its jaws opened wide as if to force some foul affection on her.
Through the haze, an old college memory resurfaced. She brought

wer right knee up hard into the creature's pelvis. At the same time,
she grabbed the monster's head with both hands, her thumbs over
its eyes, and drove her manicured nails deep into the sockets. She
closed her eyes to the vision, but her mind bumed with a single
perverse image: poached eggs.

Conventional weapons never seem to be around when
they'te needed, or they fail at the most inopportune times.
Some hunters believe that the most reliable way to inflict
harm is the oldest way: tooth and nail. Points in Brawl can
stem from formal training or simply painful experience, but
the best fighters are the least inhibited when causing agony.

. Novice: You took aself-defense course at the YMCA.
@* Practiced: You played rugby in college.
eee

Competent: You're either a black belt with a little

fighting experience or a seasoned street fighter.

People pick fights with you only once.
ster: You pick up pointers from Enter the Dragon.
‘ed by: Police, Thugs, Slum-Dwellers, the Physically
Abused, Military Personnel

Specialties: A Specific Martial Arts Form, Dirty Fighting,
Wrestling, Throws

Doves

A dozen cars passed Angela every evening during her sunset
jog, but this one sounded different. There was pure malice in the
growl of the engine, and it rose with each of her footfalls.

Don't do this to yourself again, girl. She strained to
concentrate on the lonely road ahead. Kids in a Camaro. Just
kids. Don't give them the satisfaction of seeing fear.

But when the engine's roar enveloped Angela, panic beat
down her pride and sent her diving into the drainage ditch. The
car's tires pelted her with gravel as they bit into the soft shoulder
where she had been a moment earlier. The driver tried to cut the
wheel, but the rear tires had already left the asphalt, and the Viper
went into a roll. Like a plow, it carved a path into the roadside field
and kicked up clots of dirt.

Dodge is your character's capacity to get the hell out of
the way. All manner of objects aimed at her can be dodged,
from bullets to fists to subway trains. This Talent also

CHAPYER4:THAVE HEARD THE MESSAGE

measures your character's ability to utilize adequate cover
ina hurry.

. Novice: Duck and cover!
@e Practiced: You were always the last one out in
dodge ball.

Competent: You've weathered food fights without
a speck.

Expert: You seem to instinctively know where a
blow is aimed.
© Master: You are virtually untouchable.

aE =

Possessed by: Martial Artists, Boxers, Criminals, Action-
Movie Heroes

Specialti irefights, Cover, Fistfights, Sidestepping

Eweariy

The self-dubbed "Lord of the Manor" looked about wildly,
waving the supposed bomb back and forth, and yelled, "I'll set this
thing off, I promise you!"

Marshall scrutinized the creature's face carefully. With
fangs bared and eyes blazing, the Lord of the Manor was a study
in unmitigated hatred. And something else.

Without shifting his gaze, Marshall opened his shotgun and
dropped a phosphorous round into the chamber. "It's a bluff," he
announced to his companions poised behind their triggers.

Then all hell broke louse.

Your character has a gift for sharing other people's
emotions — and sometimes the motives they try to hide.
This Talent can be a great t during attempts to sense
others' lies. No one is a lie detector, though. Depth of com-
munication with a person and information your character
has about a subject can augment her ability to scrutinize. Or
they can skew your character's judgment horribly.

° Novice: You watch a lot of talk shows.
Practiced: People come to you for support.

Competent: Your insight into others' feelings is
uncanny.
Expert: People's faces tell you what they really want.

Master: You read people like most folks read
grocery-store labels.

Possessed by: Actors, Psychologists, Investigators, Body-

guards, Parents, Social Workers, Seducers

Specialties: Motives, Emotions, Personalities, Confidence

EXPRESSION

Dear Mr. Akelbaum,

Your latest message regarding the Chapel of the Five Wounds
came as a surprise, especially considering all the e-mails that led
up to it, plus the odd photos you sent me. I'm glad to hear that the
eerie noises and lights that you blamed earlier on unnatural beings
have a more logical explanation. I found your latest e-mail so
intriguing, in fact, that I eagerly accept your invitation to view the
neighboring chapel and hear your clarification firsthand. I have
chosen the latest train, as you requested, and will be arriving at the

station at 10:30 PM this Thursday. You needn't worry; I haven't

og eS ee wae 6

a


HUNTER THERECKONING

shown the photos to anyone and will be bringing them as you
asked. See you soon!
Yours Truly,
Prof. Philip Levy Crafft
Dept. of Metaphysics, Gorneau University
plerafft@whisperer.drknes.gu.edu
Your character's opinions capture peoples' interests,

or even meaningless. He's able convey his points clearly, or
shroud them in clever subtlety — whatever works best for his
purposes. Expression allows your character to reach people
through any medium: visual, auditory or otherwise. Charac-
ters with high Expression are often skilled storytellers or
gifted writers.

° Novice: You were the best Joseph the church
Christmas pageant ever had.

oe Practiced: Your conversational skills are enviable.

eee

Competent: You could write for a living.

Expert: Your words might be discussed and lauded
by millions.
@eeeeMaster: You have a gift that could guide the
thinking of a generation, if applied properly.
Possessed by: Actors, Politicians, Writers, Teachers, Revo-
lutionaries, Editorialists
s: Acting, Poetry, Speeches, Letters, Fiction,

Specialt
Debates

bra ion

"The local anesthetic's still in effect, so you won't feel this.
But just imagine how it will hurt. Think how the agony will creep
up on you once the drug wears off." Peleus had learned a thing or
two about psychological pain in that Cambodian death camp.
He'd never had a chance to pass on his knowledge until now.

He snapped the last unbroken finger on the Renfield's left
hand. The punk didn't flinch, of course, but Peleus knew he was
scared. His eyes were plates and the gag in his mouth was soaked
with snot. He probably would've talked three fingers ago, but
Peleus wanted to be sure. "Now if you don't tell me where the
‘Lizard King' is hiding, I'll move on to your right hand — and I'm
all out of pain killer."

Your character has the ability to control others through
fear. The power may stem from something as intangible as
force of personality or from something as real as white-hot
steel and manacles. Your character knows the best approach
for each situation and may have no qualms about using it.

. Novice: Obnoxious jock
oe Practiced: Effective bouncer
coe

Competent: All the men call you "Sir."
© Expert: You can discourage muggers with a frown.
Master: You can cow gangsters with a laugh.

oe

|
|
|
|
|

Possessed by: Law Enforcement, Military Personnel, Gang-
sters, Executives, Security

Specialties: Veiled Threats, Air of Authority, Torture,
Fear Inspiration

regardless of whether such opinions are misinformed, biased ,

Nees Cn EE, Ge,

berurrion

"That's where they live," Houston said, pointing across the
empty square to the decaying church: The Chapel of the Five
Wounds. "Keep your head down!"

Gorman ducked back behind the roofs rotting balustrade.
Houston continued.

"They spotted a junkie outside one night. They took him
inside and... I wasn't crazy enough to go lookin' for the body
Gangbangers from the Reapers visit sometimes. No one else.
Always after dark, of course. That's where the supply of Hum is
coming from, I'd betmy soul. There' s at least four of them. Place's
a regular hornets' nest."

Houston's attention was drawn to a flickering streetlight.
Two members of the Wolfpack, initiates by the color of their
bandannas, stood under it drinking malt liquor. They threw down
their bottles and began to stagger toward the loathsome structure.

"Here come a couple of kids with rocks now."

Unbelievers call it "unconscious logic." True believers
call ita "sixth sense." Although they can never explain why,
some people always seem to be great guessers, whether on
exams, with significant others or in the stock market. Your
character is one of those people. He's escaped more than one
predicament by relying on nothing more than gut feeling.
Storytellers may use these "gut feelings" to help players
further a story.

Whereas Awareness imparts an inherent sense for the
supernatural, Intuition offers a simple sense for correct choices

and possibilities, usually mundane rather than mystical.
. Novice: Multiple-choice exams are a breeze.
eo Practiced: You've come to trust that little voice in i

your head that says, "Buy," "Sell!"
Competent: You're often prepared for unpleasant
situations thanks to your "bad feelings." Ww

Expert: Your knack for knowing without know!
edge is uncanny.

¢ © © © Master: You would've been condemned to death in
old Salem.

ed by: Stock Brokers, Gamblers, Fortune Tellers,

Entrepreneurs, Investigators, Bodyguards

Pos:
Mother:

Special: nsight, Gambling, Bad Feelings, Inspirational
Flashes, Hidden Motives

Cenpersur

Father St. George climbed into the van. "Guy gave me the
signal. They've left the chapel. Here's the plan: Victor, you're
point-man. Go down into the catacombs, lay the charges by the
struts. Houston and Pike, take some artillery. You're his defensive
ine. If things get ugly, give me a beep and set the detonator.

"Spaulding, you and your little friend there are my running
backs. We're looking for artifacts. We're looking for books. We're
looking for chemistry sets, drugs and money. Gorman, you and
Guy play safety. A leaf blows the wrong way, you get gas —
anything —give me a beep. Anyone gets scared, just think of
what the water supply'd taste like spiked with all that Hum."

7 See es ees te.


Yourcharacterhas the ability to motivate people through
force of personality. You may lead by example, fear, excellent
planning skills or simply through sheer confidence. Regard-
less of how your character does it, he seldom needs to deceive
people into following him. This Talent is often paired with
Charisma rather than Manipulation.

° Novice: Class vice president
oe Practiced: Scout leader
eee Competent: CEO

eee Expert: State senator

@eeeeMaster: You could be the next leader of the
free world.

Possessed by: Politicians, Royalty, Executives, Military

Officers, Police, Popular Kids

Specialties: Commands, Planning, Oratory, Friendliness,

Experience

Svrcerwise

To the casual observers on the promenade — the lovers,
joggers and insomniacs — it looked like a concerned son offering
to shoulder the weight of his father's backpack. To frequenters, it
looked like a drug deal. Both assumptions were simultaneously
correct and far from the mark.

"Christ, this weighs a ton!" Marshall faltered under the
unexpected weight.

"Explosive tips weigh a helluva lot more'n leadbellies, and
them .45s don't exactly squirt water." The fat man heaved one
last time. "If I'd had another coupla days, I could'a got ya them
Cassuls, but.... Hell, it ain't my business, Marsh, but where ya
going in such a hurry, anyway?"

"San Francisco."

"Huh. Be sure to wear some flowers in yer hair."

"Twill. Thanks." Marshall saluted, thumb across palm, then
dashed back. to his idling car. -

The streets prove bountiful to those who speak the
vernacular or carry the coin of the realm. Your character is
able to blend in with the local scene, locate contraband, pick
up gossip and stay out of trouble — most of the time. Customs
change from city to city; she may be ata disadvantage outside
her home town.

. Novice: You're not an instant target for muggers
and panhandlers.

ee Practiced: You've got a rep.

© Competent: You are tolerated and accepted — if

not loved — by the gangs.

@eee Expert: You find it easy to tap the pulse of the city.

© 0 © © © Master: You are the pulse of the city.

Possessed by: Gangbangers, Homeless People, Cops, Re-

porters, Criminals

Specialties: A Specific Metropolis, Fencing, Smuggling,

Communication, Rumors, Gangs

Susvenruce
"You're tellin' me that at 90 miles an hour you had no idea
how fast you were going?"

A 2 Ge get ge Bees

CHAPYER4:THAVEHERRD THE MESSAGE

Marshall didn't question the cop's skepticism. After two
sleepless nights of hard driving, he looked like crap. Crap with a
lot of hot metal in his car.

"It was a life-or-death situation." And with that opening
line, Marshall launched into a tale that had saved him from so
many tickets in the past. It began with an errant wasp, an open
window and a lifelong allergy. It ended with the "evidence": a
hapless creature killed months ago and a borrowed insulin needle.
And, of course, the closing line that always got a laugh: "I named
him ‘Crash.'"

The cop didn't laugh. "Lemme see that wasp." She ran a
finger along its wings. "Better re-name him ‘Dusty.'" Marshall
blanched. "Step out of the car, please."

This Talent represents your character's capacity to lie,
get away with it and sense when others lie. Your character is
able to conceal his own motives, read other people's, then
play upon them to his own ends. Not only is he skilled at
telling others what they want to hear, he has few reservations
about doing so. Characters talented in Subterfuge are mas-
ters of intrigue and seduction; they're often slipperier than
the lies they tell.

° Novice: You get away with lies people would have
believed anyway.
Practiced: You juggled multiple girlfriends or boy
friends (or both) at college.
Competent: You could make a living from lying.
Expert: Polygraph machines whimper in your
presence.

® Master: "We find the defendant, Jeffrey Dahmer,
not guilty."

Possessed by: Lawyers, Politicians, Con Men, Televangelists,

agers

Specialties: Seduction, Feigned Innocence, Alibis, Fast-
Talking

Stats

Skills are equal parts training and instinct. They are
developed through experience, practice and instruction. A
person with knowledge of proper procedure is at an advan-
tage over one without such training. Rolls involving Skills
that your character doesn't have are at +1 difficulty.

Aromas Ken

The sun had set. It was almost time for Hee Haw, and the
man from Albuquerque had well overstayed his visit. Coop was
about to pour him one more bourbon and let him know it was for
the road, when the hounds started up.

"Sounds like they smell something in the corn," said the city
boy, trying to be of some use. "Raccoons, maybe?"
Jaw." Coop gave a listen to the baying and yammering
"Naw, ‘taint coons." He poured himselfastiff one and tossedit back.
"You wanna reach in that gun cabinet an' fetch me that box-a shells?
No, the other box — marked ‘Special.' There she is."

— ee ee weed Se at Be ee SE

Saas EE ae ee a oe fo, > aid

& —

iA |


INVER: Y HE RECKONING

Coop stood up and tried to shake out the arthritis.
"This won't take but a minute. You better stay in here
Hee Haw's on Channel 8, if you're innerested."
Animals aren't keen on anyone touched by the
supernatural, and they can't always tell good guys
from bad. They may be uneasy in the presence of
hunters who make constant contact with the enemy,
or in the presence of hunters who are contacted
frequently by the Messengers. Animal Ken allows
your character to empathize with, if not understand,
an animal's behavior. She can use this Skill to train
domesticated animals, calm unsettled ones and some-
times even understand what they try to communicate.
° Novice: "What's that Lassie? Did Jimmy
fall down the well again?"
eo Practiced: You know which animals are
fooled by playing dead and which don't
mind cold dinners.

Competent: You could train a police at
tack dog.

Expert: You could train a lion.
aster: You were raised by apes.
: Farmers, Animal Trainers, Pet Owners,
Park Rangers, Lonely Old Ladies Who Own Cats
Specialties: Specific Kind of Animal, Attack
Training, Guard Training, Retrieval Training,
Communication, Calming

Crarrs iS
They were pinned. The goliaths masquerduling
as dockworkers had them against a crate. The Luger
that one attacker held looked like a toy in his hammy
mitt, but Erick supposed that its bullets were real
enough. He knew that moving for his own piece would
be suicide. Meanwhile, French seemed completely un-
armed.
Then, as if by force of will, twin .38s appeared in
French's hands. The exchange was deafening
but mercifully brief; French targeted the monster
with the gun first. In the silence that followed,
Erick saw the guns whisk back into the sleeves of
the French's trench coat, propelled along spring-
loaded forearm braces. Erick was astonished.
"Where'd you get those things?"
French was nonchalant. "Made 'em

You ever see Taxi Driver?"

Crafts allows your character to
make and repair things with his hands
(although it doesn't cover electronic
) devices; that's the purview of Tech-
nology, p. 114). Your character can
fix cars, build a house, knit clothing,
even design mechanical devices. He
may also be skilled at creating works


A 2 ee past gs Bes

of art, like pottery or sculpture. You must always choose a

field of Crafts in which your character specializes, al-,

though he is handy enough to have general capability in
several areas.

. Novice: Yousewed your own waller ar summer camp.
ee Practiced: You're a handyman around the house.
eee

Competent: Youseldom need to call the repairman.

e@eee Expert: Your designs for clothing or art are
emulated around the country.

@@¢eeMaster: You've swamped the patent office with
your ideas.

Possessed by: Artisans, Repairmen, Inventors, Farmers,

Designers

Specialties: Auto Mechanics, Appraisal, Paintings,

Gadgets, Traps

Davourions

Tt was the end of the second rubber, which meant it was time
for Mrs. Conklin to begin talking about her daughter, the class
treasurer and prom princess. Mrs. Mackinaw sighed and dealt the
cards into four even piles

"Marcy is so serious about her classwork right now that I
hardly see her! Why, just the other day she had me pick up model
rocket engines and fuses for your husband's Physics class, Joyce."

Mrs. Miller barked a laugh and stabbed out her cigarette.
"Must be a helluva project. They're learnin' about wave motion
right now."

"Huh." Mrs. Conklin took a sip of her tea. "Huh." She
looked at her cards. "Well, one no-trump to you, Anne."

Demolitions is the fine art of making things go
boom. With this Skill, your character knows how to
make, identify, disarm and use a variety of explosive
devices. She also knows where to place explosives inside
a large structure for maximum effect, and how to direct
explosive power through techniques like tamping. Of
course, the most effective bombs require materials that
are both expensive and illegal. Demolitions gives your
character the know-how to combine components, not
the ability to acquire them.

° Novice: You mix a mean Molotov cocktail.
©© Practiced: Pipe bombs
eee

Competent: Car bombs

e@eee Expert: High-yield explosives
ee

Master: You deal strictly in megatons.
ssed by: Bomb Squads, Radicals, Construction Work-

oidiers

Specialties: Timers, Triggers, Disarming, Everyday Chemi-
cals, Placement, Electronics

Peleus leaned on the wheel. He'd be coming up on
Angela any minute now. She jogged along the same farm road
at the same time every day. Shame to flatten that gorgeous ass
on the blacktop. But she'd seen him and Van Owen flushing

r=«

ee ee

prey in the ghetto. She'd objected to the flames — veke-
mently. She hadn't squealed yet, but she would — if he didn't
make her squeal first.

He topped a rise, saw her and gave it gas. The great thing
about the Viper was that he wouldn't even have to leave second
gear. Maybe he'd sideswipe her instead. Knock her into the fields,
finish the job with his bare hands. Of course, he'd attend to that
gorgeous ass first. The tach climbed to six, then seven. The thick
bitch wasn't even turning around. Piece of cake, just shimmy the
wheel aaand....

Your character knows how to drive a car. With high
levels in this Skill, he can pull off tricky maneuvers at
dangerously high speeds. This Skill also imparts an aware-
ness of cars' limits and how to push them. This
understanding can be very useful when a BMW full of
gun-toting bloodsuckers decides to chase your character's
utility van. Additional dots also offer expertise in a
broad range of vehicles —motorcycles or 18-wheelers,
for example.

If your character doesn't have this Skill, he can still
drive, but only an automatic. Any Drive rolls made are based
on the appropriate Attribute only, at + | difficulty. Of course,
you may not want your character to know how to drive at all.

. Novice: You can drive any type of car, automatic or

stick shift.

Practiced: You fight rush-hour traffic on a daily basis.

Competent: Taxi driver or professional trucker.

@e Expert: Stock-car racer.

© Master: You're as comfortable driving a car on two
wheels as you are on four.

Possessed by: Race-Car Drivers, Truckers, Punk Kids, Com-

muters, Chauffeurs

Specialties: Off-Road, Motorcycles, Reverse, Heavy Traffic,

Turns, Tailing, Getaways, Ramming

Enquant "

The "Baron" — Marshall posing as a gentleman-fop — was
a smash. The way he leaped to the first zesty mazourka elicited
gasps, along with an invitation to the host's table. His comment
on the pinot noir — "I tend to favor wines made from tempera-
mental grapes" — met with unanimous assent from his
tablemates.

French — posing as "the Baron's" security — watched
from afar. He couldn't help but notice that only Marshall
touched his drink. French hated this work; too much chance of
being caught — and then the simple proximity to things he
should rightfully kill where they sat! Yet a simple word from
these bloodsuckers could get Marshall an audience with the
pope — or perhaps the group's blasphemous leader. Their joint
plan had gone well so far, but was "the Baron" charming
enough to gain a private audience with the Lord of the Manor?
That was the real test.

Your character is knowledgeable in the formal be-
haviors of society. This Skill typically extends only to

CHAPYER4:IHAVEHEARD Y He MESSAGE

|
|


HUNTER: HE RECKONING

the environment with which he is most familiar, but the
truly polished are learned in the protocols of several
cultures. High scores in this field can make your charac-
ter respected and remembered in situations where
formality is paramount.

° Novice: You took ballroom dancing classes at the
community center.
oe Practiced: You've been to a few charitable dinners.

© Competent: Perhaps youservedastintasasommelier
ora maitre d'.

Expert: You are a true diplomat, comfortable in any
formal setting.

@©¢eeMaster: You are either royalty or a person who
caters to royalty
d by: High Society, Diplomats, World Travelers,

Specialties: Business, European Customs, Asian Customs,
Seduction, Networking, Sycophancy

Fresaams

"You think that's creepy? Watch this."

Yasmine couldn't look away. For the last few minutes, she
had watched through Erick's infrared scope as two figures left the
nightclub: one a normal miasma of reds and oranges, the other a
curious greenish-yellow silhouette. Even stranger was the rush of
ochre that flooded the latter when the two began to kiss in the
shadow of an alley.

There was the vip of a suppressed shot and the silhouette's
head seemed to erupt, leaving a blossom of amber on the alley
wall. Yasmine tore herself from the scope and turned to Erick,
who looked up from his rifle.

"You said it was a trang dart!" she hissed angrily. Erick
appeared unmoved.

"I lied. Don't worry — he won't stay down."

Torches and pitchforks are weapons of the past. A
modern-day hunter who uses traditional weapons against
the supernatural —and lives — quickly learns to adopt more
modern means of subduing prey. This Skill covers a broad
range of weapons from derringers to machine guns, and
includes knowledge of how to clean, repair, unjam (Wits +
Firearms), and recognize them — plus, how to kill others
with them. Firearms does not, howe include heavy
artillery like mortar rockets or antitank guns.

e Novice: You subscribe to Arms and Armaments. |
ee Practiced: Many a clay pigeon has met its end

thanks to your skillful trigger finger.

Competent: Anavid hunter of wildlife or otherwise.
© Expert: Your friends call you "Crack-shot."
© ¢¢¢ Master: You've fired more bullets than any single

brigade ever will.

Possessed by: Law Enforcement, Survivalists, Military Per- e
sonnel, Gun Nuts
Specialties: Solid-Slug Guns, Scatter-guns, Sprays, Snip-
ing, Called Shots

720 SE ag A. nee: te.

ae


A 2 ee pet ge Bes

Max

Gorman dropped his weapon and clutched at his eye, which
throbbed scarlet. The creature laughed — a cold, rasping sound
— then pushed past him and sprinted up the stairs. Guy and the
others arrived soon after.

"Gorman! God, man! What did that bitch do to you?" Guy
reached forward to remove Gorman' s hand from his face. Gorman
flinched away.

"Nothing! I'm fine.... She's headed for the bell tower."

"Thanks, Jim." Guy started for the stairs, then turned and
pointed at Gorman's feet, "Since when did you learn to use
"chucks?"

Gorman' s only response was to feel for his weapon lying inert
on the floor. Once the others' footsteps faded up the stairs, he
staggered off, his pride now stinging worse than his eye. He searched
for a curtain with which to wipe his own blood from the nunchaku.

Sometimes it's best to fight monsters without waking up
the entire neighborhood. That's when hand-to-hand weap-
‘ons come into play. Melee is the Skill to use all manner of
such arms, from the classic wooden stake to martial-arts
implements to improvised weapons such as broken bottles
and folding chairs.

. Novice: You can show off with a sword and not
cut yourself.
eo Practiced: Even when your rifle runs out of ammo,

you're far from helpless.
Competent: You prefer the grace of a rapier to the
tactlessness of a gun.

e@eee Expert: You could be on the Olympic fencing team.

@¢@¢¢ Master: You display an undeniable skill that has
virtually been lost in the modern age.

Possessed by: Gang Members, Martial Artists, Police, As-

sassins, Duelists

Specialties: Knives, Swords, Stakes, Improvised Weapons,

Aimed Strikes, Parries, Disarms

PERFORMANCE

He was alone at the bar, away from the other poseurs in his
lame-ass band. Curtain call. She straightened her Rancid T-shirt
and gave her bouffant one more pat. Marcy Conklin wasn't
worried about her shitkicker accent — she'd honed it in her
school's productions of Li'l Abner and Streetcar last year. Still,
this audience of one was gonna be the toughest ever, and she
needed no less than a four-star review. She approached and began
to gush over him, giving him a dopey grin that made her want to
puke. "Well, Jesus! What a show!"

He pretended unconvincingly to sip his beer as he listened,
then invited her to some "party" after the gig. I've got a better
one, pal.

"Well, actually," she drawled, inwardly fighting her revul-
sion, "I wanna talk to you in private. In m'van out back."

She imagined him licking his fangs as he said, "Let's go."

Whereas Expression is the capacity to put words to
paper, voice or email, Performance is the ability to take it to

ES ne ey eee fs:

the stage. Your character is adept in a performing art and
possesses not only the know-how but the stage presence to
enrapture an audience. You must specialize in one field,
although people skilled in one performing art form usually
have some acquaintance with the others.
° Novice: Garage band

© Practiced: Club circuit

Competent: Record label

© Expert: Billboard
© Master: Hall of Fame
Possessed by: Musicians, Actors, Dancers, Some Talk-
Show Hosts, College Kids
Specialties: Various Instruments, Singing, Acting, Dancing,
Stage Presence, Comedy

Szcunnry

"Hello, this is Rich Gagnon. I'm not home right now, so
please leave a message and I'll call you back. Thanks."

BEEP

"Hello, Richard, it's Alistair. Christian and I found a toothy
fellow skulking around this afternoon, so we subdued him with a
baseball bat. He's tied up in the basement. When he wakes, we're
going to poke him with sticks and find out all about his mates
Christian's watching him right now... Christian! Christian?
Bugger all. He likely stepped out to smoke. Wait, there's the
basement door now. Anyway, do visit quickly. Cheers."

CLICK

This Skill measures both your character's ability to
secure an area or person, as well as his ability to bypass others'
precautions. It entails the know-how to break into and out of
buildings, hot-wire cars and even crack safes. Conversely, it
allows your character to set up his own safeguards or recog-
nize the weak points in a defense system.

°

. Novice: You can tie and untie complex knots.
ee

Practiced: You can hot-wire vehicles.
Competent: You ‘are familiar with most simple
security systems.

Expert: You know almost every way to protect (or
get at) a person or area.

Master: Nothing is safe from you.
Possessed by: Burglars, Security Consultants, Law En-
forcement, Stalkers

Specialties: Hot-Wiring, Electrical Systems, Escape, Com-
bination Locks, Tumblers

‘Sreaura

Getting over the gate was a breeze, and the guards were so
bored they followed the distraction almost too quickly. But Erick
nearly lost his grip on the rear balcony when he saw Gorman
standing there, looking down at him. Gorman wore his hospital
whites and held a tote bag full of personal belongings in one hand,
a scalpel in the other. The instrument's blade was so caked with
something that it reflected none of the perimeter lights.

"Dammit, Gorman," Erick hissed as he was helped up. "I
told you we'd be coming through the west gate. What are you doing

CHAPYER4:IHAYEHERRD THE MESSAGE

— ee ee wee er at ee


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

here? And what the hell is that razor for?"

"They told me there'd be a change of plans. As for this...."
He held up the surgical tool. "Last-minute business."

Your character knows how toavoid detection, regardless
of whether he's hiding or on the move. This Skill also gives
him the capacity to shadow other people unnoticed or to
conceal items on his person or nearby. This Trait is often
pitted against an opponent's Perception todetermine whether

your character is successful or not. =
. Novice: You are a hide-and-seek expert
@* Practiced: You could tail an unsuspecting person

through a shopping mall.

©¢@ Competent: You'd make a great cat burglar.

@@ee Expert: Youcan hide ona flat plain in broad daylight.

@ © © © © Master: Your prey never sees you until your knife is

in his back.
Possessed by: Thieves, Policemen, Military Special Forces,

Reporters, Assassins
Specialties: Object Concealment, Urban Camouflage, Wil-
derness, Tailing Prey, Theft

Sunvivat

The sun was rising when Michelle awoke. It looked like a
boiling cauldron, fat and red. It burned like one, too. Another
scorching summer day in the Caribbean. Red in the morning,
sailors take warning. She picked herself up off the deck to survey
the boat. Between the punishment from last night's storm and the
dead thing' s rage, she was surprised the craft was still afloat. But
it was. She thought she could patch the sails enough to catch the
next storm's head winds, perhaps weather it out in a cay. She
could see only waves, but they'd pushed out of St. George's two
days ago, so she wasn't too far from the Antilles. After taking
bearings from the few obstinate stars left in the sky, Michelle
nosed the boat north.

Although hunters find that most of their prey sticks to
cities, a mark sometimes leads them deep into the unknown.
Your character has the practical experience and instincts to
survive in a friendless environment and can live there for
days or even months if she has to. If your character tries to
avoid detection in the wilderness, you can roll only as many
dice in Stealth as she has in Survival.
® Novici

Infrequent camping trips with the kids.

Competent:
woods to survive indefinitely.

Expert: You could elude an FBI search team
for months.

0 ¢¢ Master: African Bushman

Possessed by: Boy Scouts, Hunters (ofanimals), Survivalists,
Hermits, Commandos, Sailors

Specialties: Woodlands, Desert, Ocean, Tracking, Food-
Gathering, Shelter-Building, Hiding

a Nees Can ES, Sy

Tecamovocy

"When I was a kid in Vermont, Grandpa and I would go out
into the woods every winter with a bunch of buckets. I'd pick out
the trees. We'd drive holes in them, insert taps and hang the
buckets underneath. We'd come back later and check ‘em
Sometimes there was nothing or the sap was bad: watery or just
off. Sometimes we'd get a half-bucket of the purest silver you've
ever tasted. Those were the ones I prayed for, the ones that made
all the hiking and shivering worthwhile."

French opened the rusted wire box. He removed a tiny
cassette from the recorder, inserted a new one, and adjusted the
alligator clips on the multicolored telephone wires. As they were
leaving the alley, he addressed Marshall again: "I've changed since
then, but y'know, the fun never really does."

Your character is a true child of the modern age. He

understands how electronic devices work and has a famil-

iarity with the wide range available to him. Additionally,

he possesses the know-how to repair or alter such devices.

Technology does not apply to mechanical devices or physi-

cal art; that's the realm of Crafts. Likewise, computer

technology — hardware and software — is the purview of i

the Computer Knowledge (p. 115).

. Novice: You can program a VCR.

© Practiced: You know how to fix fuses and build
simple crystal radios.

Competent: With tools and time, you could build

a fairly complex device like a television or a
motion detector.

eee

@eee Expert: Youcanalteralmost any existing elektronic
equipment to make itdonew and interesting things.
@ © © © Master: If modern technology could only keep up

with you, you'd be performing digital miracles.
Possessed by: Engineers, Inventors, Repairmen, Spies
Specialties: Surveillance, Invention, Vehicles, Security,
Customizations

Koowesdees

Knowledges are solely the mind's domain and, assuch, are
generally paired with Mental Attributes. Although formal
schooling is one way to pick up a Knowledge, there is seldom
a better instructor than raw experience. Although some rolls
involving general information may require only the Intelli-
gence Attribute, most Knowledges are too specific for the
populace at large to fake. Thus, if your character has no points
in a given Knowledge, he can't make a roll involving it. If you
don't have Medicine, you can't perform surgery.

Acabeanes

"Here's something interesting." Angela looked up from her
battered quarto. "You remember Erick telling me how he woke up
last night and went outside to watch the western sky? And how all
his neighbors were out at 3 a.m., doing the same thing? It also
happened in ancient Rome right before Nero's big fire. The whole
city just woke up and went stargazing."


aR 2 Wee past ge Bes

Marshall's eyes widened. "Die Nacht der Blicke zum
Himmel'! ‘The Night of Upturned Faces'! It's an early Goethe
poem, from when he was at Strasbourg, written the year a
smallpox epidemic nearly wiped out the city. ‘For while the
burghers scanned the stars/ Death slept among the beggars.'"

"Maybe it's an omen for San Francisco — another earth-
quake, maybe?" :

Suddenly, Marshall started as if pinched. "The water-
project deaths!"

This Knowledge covers your character's general ground-
ingin the "humanities" such ashistory, philosophy, literature
and art. It allows him to know any kind of general informa-
tion in these areas without having to resort to research. You
must always choose a specialty for this Knowledge, regard-
less of rating.

If your character wishes to draw upon a piece of
information fom his scholastic background, the Story-
teller may ask you to make an Intelligence + Academics
roll, difficulty contingent on the obscurity of the material.
Knowing the ancient capitols of Europe might be a 5;
understanding the mysteries surrounding Francisco Goya's
final seclusion would rate an 8. The Storyteller may deem
that anything with a difficulty higher than 8 must be
researched. The exception to this is any information per-
taining to your character's specialty, which can be rolled
for no matter what the difficulty.

. Student: You watch a lot of Jeopardy.

College: You majored in something with little

earning potential.

Masters: Your articles appear in trade journals.

© Doctorate: Tenured professor.

© Scholar: You are one of the leading authorities in
your field.

Possessed by: Trivia Buffs, Instructors, Writers, Dilettantes
Specialties: Medieval Europe, the Catholic Church, South-
east Asia, Modernist Writers, Zen Buddhism

Burzqucency

"Wow! Can I look at it?"

French pulled the paper from Pike's grasp. "Knock it off.
The ink's still wet. You've never seen one of these before?"
French sounded genuinely surprised.

Pike simply shrugged off the insult. "Not a real search
warrant, no. That thing's better than a lockpick — the furry
bastard's gotta let us in! Don't they keep pretty tight watch on
those? I mean, how much did it cost you?"

"Not as much as the phony badges." French added a final,
flourished signature to the bottom of the document. "Some stuff
isn't as regulated as you'd think. You just have to know the right
people — well, the right people's salaries."

Politics might get you a direct line to the governor, but
he's closely monitored and his favors can extend only so
far. Bureaucracy gives your character a pipeline to the
unseen little people beneath him, the ones who push the

CHAPYER4:THAVE HEARD Y HE MESSAGE

papers. This Knowledge can be very useful when he wants

to bypass red tape, ensure something damaging gets "mis- J
filed" or needs access to restricted information. This
Knowledge also measures your character's familiarity with
the myriad gears of the government and represents his
general organizational sense. .

°: Student: You keep a daily planner.

© College: Minor functionary.

eee Masters: You know who to go to for the right favors.

#96 Doctorate: You can keep track of an impressive
volume of paperwork

Scholar: You could push a bill through Congress.

Possessed by: Lawyers, Politicians, Bureaucrats, Journalists

Specialties: Forgery, Stalling Tactics, Bribery, System By-
passing, Police Paperwork, Negotiation

Commute

You think I'm a hotshot? You shoulda met the girl who showed
me the ropes: the 17-year-old daughter of my college thesis advisor.
The old man used to stay out late at the faculty club, sol'dcome over
and we'd hang out. She'd show me how to find my way around a
"firewall," and me... well... I'd break the law. Regularly. She used
to just bop into systems and mess with shit. Just like now, when I
knock that jack-off vampire's landing time back from four a.m. to
six. Wouldn't ya love to be on that flight?

This Knowledge represents a general grounding in all
aspects of computer use, from day-to-day operation to
programming. Multiple points in this Trait give your char-
acter the know-how to break into other computers or
protect her own from intrusion. This Knowledge also im-
parts familiarity with computer components and lets you
make simple repairs.

e Student: You email your friends often.

oo Coll®ge: You're familiar with most applications and
some dita processing.

@ee Masters: You can design your own programs.

* Doctorate: You innovate new horizons in silicon.

Scholar: Gates, that hack!

Possessed by: Students, Programmers, Office Workers, Geeks,

Engineers

Specialties: Hacking, Software Design, Security, Internet,

Viruses, Data Retrieval

France

Hanson was on the phone with his broker before Pike could
respond: "And option puts at current exercise prices on the
following securities: Griffith Major, Standard Trust, Praxis
Chemicals and Pacific Western. All of them, that's right. Just a
feeling I have. Yeah. Bye."

"Feeling?" Pike didn't understand the jargon, but it sounded

; ee weed 1 eg ee

re.
"Yes... that all of Unocom's adopted children will be left to
the wolves — once they discover their parent company's CEO has
collapsed into ash. Thank you again, Peter."
"I prefer ‘Pike.'"


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Your character has an eye for making money, whether
it's through playing the stock market ot appraising fenced
items. She can size up the assets and liabilities of any
venture and maximize the efficiency of operating costs.
This Knowledge is not just for stuffed-shirts, though:
Plenty of successful pimps and drug dealers possess this
know-how.

. Student: You watched your dad run his business.

© College: You have some practical experience or a
few years of business classes under your belt.

eee Masters: You can evaluate the weak points of any

failing business.

@e@e@e Doctorate: Your financial savvy would allow you to
prosper on Wall Street.

@ ¢ © © ©Scholar: Everything you touch turns to gold. Just
don't forget what happened to Midas.

Possessed by: Executives, the Disgustingly Rich, Accoun-

tants, Smugglers, Entrepreneurs, the Self-Employed, Stock

Brokers

Specialties: Stock Markets, Accounting, Appraisal, Busi-

ness Management, Economic Trends

Iwvesricarion

Detective DuPoe could think of a million places he wanted to
be right now. Standing on the front lawn of a crime scene wasn't
one of them. Sergeant Amiss walked down from the house and
pulled him aside.

"Someone was looking for something. They hung some
woman from a crossbeam and turned the place upside down."

"They find what they were looking for?"

"don't think so. The back door was kicked out and the walls
have fist-holes in them. They must've left pissed."

"Any idea what they wanted?"

"Here's my guess," Amiss held up an evidence bag with the
key to a safe inside. The letters ‘WW" were written in felt-tip on
the head. "It was on — get this — the key rack. The only thing
that looked like it hadn't been messed with."

DuPoe grinned. "Buncha illiterates," he muttered.

This Ability combines learning in formal investiga-
tive procedure with plain common sense. A character
skilled in Investigation is a whiz at forensics and following

as well as covering up — leads. Your character may also
be familiar with historically clever ways to perform tasks
such as killing people or hiding items.
e Student: Pulp novels
oo College: NYPD Blue
@¢e¢ Masters: Joe Friday
@¢¢¢ Doctorate: Philip Marlowe
@ @ @ © @Scholar: Sherlock Holmes
Possessed by: Law Enforcement, Mystery Buffs, Criminals

Specialties: Shadowing, Forensics, Motives, Searching

a lh

aw

"Hey, you there! Up against the wall and spread 'em!"

Rook threatens Bishop. Spaulding found himself being
backed up against the manor's perimeter wall by two thugs
wearing uniforms that looked smarter than their owners. He
considered using Peina's revolver, then reconsidered.

"As a junior partner of Sunderland, Vichy and Pratt, I must
inform you of articles under the 1962 Stark Amendment." Hey,
if these guys are trained security, Spaulding tried to reassure
himself, then I'm a hotshot attorney. "Under these provisos,
hired security may not conduct a search and seizure without a
sworn officer present." He gave this time to sink in as he plotted
the rest of his bluff. "If you persist in your course, I will take you
to court and I will prosecute you myself!" Knight defends
Bishop. Please.

The larger one reached for his gun, then thought better of it.
"Take off," he growled.

Laws are a fact of life —as is breaking them, at least for
hunters in an unsympathetic world. This Knowledge con-
fers understanding of what your character can and cannot
do, and what she can get away with. It gives her the know-
how to file suit, avoid lawsuits and get herself out of jail (the
legal way).

° Student: You know how to stand up to The Man.
ee College: A kid fresh out of law school or an
experienced cop

Masters: A lawyer with a few years behind him
Doctorate: You went straight from your schodl''s law
review to a successful practice.

Scholar: Your command of the law is exceeded only
by your ability to utilize it.

Possessed by: Lawyers, Legislators, Law Enforcement,
Criminals

Specialties: Civil Rights, Criminal Law, Police Procedure,
Lawsuits, Trials, Loopholes, Corporate Law

Lncuisries

A cnuiser had already pulled up by the time they arrived. An
old cop blocked their way into the demolished restaurant. Yasmine
could see the cop's partner trying in halting Mandarin to calm a
hysterical Chinese cook. She turned and saw Takahashi across the
street, talking to a Japanese vendor at a wooden udon cart festooned
with red paper lantems. After a flurry of Doo moos and bowing,
Tak rushed back, grabbed her arm and pulled her aside. "Okami
otoko," he muttered. "‘Shapechangers' This way."

"So what's the rush?" Tak's impatient stride was nearly
keeping Yasmine airborne.

"He said, ‘Kodomo ga yuukai-sareta.' ‘Child.' He says
they stole a child."

Your character possesses a command of more languages,
ancient or modern, than just his native tongue. Not simply

2:2 Se ag ees te.


the capacity to understand additional languages, this Knowl-
edge allows him to recognize accents, decipher word puzz|
and perhaps get the gist of related vernaculars (Hindi and
Rom, for example).

Linguistics is not required, nor does a "language choice"
have to be declared to know, understand and use hunters'
system of symbol communication; that capability comes
intuitively to all hunters upon the imbuing. However, if
certain symbols exist or develop that are known only by
certain groups of hunters, perhaps by creed, a "language
choice" might be dedicated to learn those
Your character could also need a willing teacher to master
those symbols.

‘clusive icons.

® Student: One extra language.
oe College: Two extra languages.
eee

Masters: Four extra languages.

© Doctorate: Eight extra languages.

icholar: 16 extra languages.
ed by: Travelers, Scholars, Cryptologists, Diplomats

Specialties: Ciphers, Hieroglyphs, Slang, Polite Speech

Mapiene

Marcy sat on the edge of the cot, shivering, whispering the
word cold as she rocked back and forth. Michelle sat
next to her, mechanically pumping

A » We past gs Gees

the bulb of a blood-pressure cuff fastened just above the gash on
Marcy's arm. The creature's blade had cut deeply. Sarin dug
furiously through a cabinet.

Michelle whirled to face Sarin. Hysteria tinged her voice:
"Her blood pressure's dropping like a rock, Sarin! Just stick her
with something!"

"Dammit, listen to me!" Sarin's voice magnified Michelle's
fear tenfold. "She's gotta have a polyvalent antivenin! The wrong
thing'll kill her faster than the poison!" His search became more
frantic as vials rolled across the floor.

This Knowledge entails familiarity with the workings of
the human body. Your character can diagnose and treat
diseases, diagnose the seriousness of injury to himself and
others, and administer first aid, among other things. He may
also possess a working knowledge of hospital equipment,
procedures and protocol.

. Student: You worked as a lifeguard for a summer.
e College: Premed student or paramedic

. Masters: You took the Hippocratic Oath.

e@eee Doctorate: Surgeon

.

© ©Scholar: You have the potential to be one of the
great names in modern medicine.

ER4:THAVEHEARD HE MESSAGE


|
|
|

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Possessed by: Medical Staff, Paramedics, Lifeguards, Par-
ents, Survivalists

Specialties: Natural Remedies, First Aid, Diseases, Poison,
Pharmaceuticals, Prevention

Occur

M'funa walked out of the terminal and into New York.
The people of his village had wept, and he'd had to sell the
plantain farm to pay for passage from Freetown. But Djati had
appeared before him as he slept, and his bones were cast. To
postpone the journey as long as he had was rehit, but to refuse
was pure tajini.

He hated the iron city. Its facelessness showed a spiritu-
ality long since withered. Perhaps Djati understood that his
good skills were needed here. As he pondered, a man heavy
with coarse braided spirits brushed by. The jojoi sticks in
M'funa's satchel called to the man, but he did not stop. M'funa
knew wicked spirits chewed at the man's soul. His thoughts
turned to the sacred bo ritual as he followed the man through
the herd of unmindful people.

This Knowledge gives your character access to centu-
ries worth of rumor, hearsay and dark myth. It's up to him
to separate mere speculation from hard facts. If he can,
this Trait bolsters his fight with a wealth of insight. High
levels of Occult provide your character with scattered
insights into worlds beyond human comprehension —
and the creatures that draw upon them. Intelligence +
Occult can be rolled to know information about the
world's monsters in general, but scarce or rare information
— at least in human circles — has a high difficulty.

e Student: A subscriber to The Weekly World News
©* College: You've read-some very scary books and
found a ring of truth in them.

Masters: There's something else out there, and you
have your own educated guesses.

Doctorate: You know various legends about
monsters, their strengths and their weaknesses.
e@eeeeScholar: You are the Sir James Frazer of the
new century.

Possessed by: Wiccans, the Superstitious, Animists,
Fortune Tellers

Specialties: Curses, Folklore, Rituals, Infernalism, Hidden
Worlds, White Magic

Pouries

State Assessor Friedmann shook his head. "Well, I never
looked at the figures before, but I guess the 1814 firehouse doesn't
attract as many visitors as I'd thought."

"Not enough to merit a renewal of funding," Hanson said,
adamant. "Certainly not with Pangloss Cosmetics ready to pur-
chase and begin construction there immediately. It would doubt-
less be a badly needed feather in the mayor's cap toward his
employment pledge. How's his approval rating lately, anyway?"

"The same. I don't foresee any trouble striking it from the
registry, so technically we could raze it as soon as next month."

a Ney Cane a, Ge, Sy

"And fill in the basement."

The balding assessor looked up, but only for a moment. He
supposed that men who could afford to make campaign contribu-
tions like Roman-Smythe's were allowed their eccentricities.
"First thing," he said. ;

Your character possesses a familiarity with political
workings on a number of levels. He knows who to go to for
certain favors, how they got their positions, and who answers
to whom.

Politics differs from Bureaucracy in that the former
grants your character some access to the powers-that-be
themselves, whether local, national or international, de-
pending on rating and specialty. Bureaucracy deals with
the little people who keep the political machine running,
but who don't possess much personal power.

© Novice: You march in protests.
eo Practiced: You've hada few run-ins with The System.
eee

Competent: Your "contributions" go to all the

right places.

Expert: You're able to spin gold from tangled

political webs.

© © © © © Master: Your number is scribbled somewhere in the
Oval Office.

Possessed by: Politicians, Lawyers, Night-Creatures,

Activists, Lobbyists

City, State, Federal, Bribery, Radical

Specialtie:

Reseanca

The Giovanni: Powerful. Passionate. Deadly. Plagued by a
curse as old as their line. "Thrilling" — Donna_Danelli,
Newsweek; "A Must-Read" — Radford Rose, Time'Book
Review. Soon to be a Paramount motion picture!

McGowan could see the dust jacket now. The Giovanni
family had to be the best-kept secret out of Italy, one never
before detailed in print. Its smuggling, rackets and heavy-
handed business deals were the stuff of book advances. But the
enigmatic disappearances, several per generation across all
branches of the family tree — that was the cream in the cannoli.

The family's historic secrecy was impenetrable. They
made the Kennedys look like the Brady Bunch. But the best
news so far had been the interest Lucretia Giovanni expressed
in his project, inviting him to her estate for an interview. At
last, all of his cross-referencing and study was about to pay off.

Your character may not have all the information in
the world, but he knows places that damn near do.
Research is a measure of how well your character finds his
way around a storehouse of knowledge, be it a library,
archive or the Internet. More than just the know-how to
dig up material in one place, this Trait indicates the
capability to perform inter-library searches and access
restricted archives.

Research differs from Academics in that information
must be sought with the former. It might simply be known
with the latter.

7:8 Se ag ees ee.


a » Wee pat gs Mee

Student: You can find the best porn on the web.
College: You're aware that Dewey Decimal isn't
related to Huey or Louie.

Masters: You not only know where to look, you
know the best libraries in which to look.

ecco

Doctorate: After many years in such surroundings,
you've come to think of archives as your second home.

Scholar: If someone wrote it, you can find it.
Possessed by: Writers, Librarians, Archivists, Bureaucrats,
Students, Researchers

Specialties: Specific Topic, Internet, Rare Book Collections,
Genealogies, Government Archives, Police Documents

Science

"The tests from the rats are in," Dr. Viels said as he
handed Angela the data sheet. "It's just as I thought. This new
designer narcotic's more addictive than nicotine. And the
pleasure studies show even greater results than Olds and
Milner's classic study: Rats would rather starve than give up
Hum. Which isn't surprising, given its affinity for the nigra-
striatal pathway in the brain. Furthermore, the way it antago-
nizes serotonin uptake in the hypothalamus and medial fore-
brain suppresses all judgment capabilities in subjects, similar to
Kluver-Bucy Syndrome. This is one scary narcotic."

"They say Hum's the new date-rape drug," Angela offered.

"Yeah, but that's not what frightens me. It's the drug's
water-solubility aspect coupled with the ease with which it can
be made. That scares me silly. I'm brushing my teeth with
bottled water from now on."

Your character possesses a general knowledge of the
physical sciences such as chemistry, biology, physics and
geology, on both a practical and theoretical level. You
must specialize in one field, but your character retains a
basic knowledge of the others. This Knowledge also
gives her the capacity to run experiments and anal
scientific data.

° Student: You stayed awake in third-period Chemistry.
oe College: You did your undergrad thesis on
something unpronounceable.

Masters: You could work in a research company.

Doctorate: Your papers are frequently seen in
respectable journals.
cholar: One of the leading minds of your time

Possessed by: Scientists, Drug Manufacturers, Engineers,
Students, Instructors

Specialties: Chemistry, Physics, Astronomy, Biology,
Geology, Archeology

Backgrountis

Backgrounds fill out your character almost as com-
pletely as do Attributes and Abilities, but in a different

way. Whereas the latter two define your character's po-
tential and what she can do, the former determines her
history in terms of memories, people and possessions. Be
sure to explain why you put points into a given Back-
ground and make sure it suits your character concept. A
street punk with 4 Resources? Not impossible, but a story
is required to make it plausible. Make your character's
Background Traits a natural extension of her concept.

You may occasionally have to make rolls with Back-
ground Traits to obtain goods, services or information. For
example, the Storyteller may rule that you have to make an
Intelligence + Exposure roll to understand that the bat with
the glinting red eyes isn't after mosquitoes.

Auss

A stodgy executive-type with iron-gray hair and a pince-nez
ona chain stood before Pike's cell, looking in with thinly veiled
disdain, "Mr. Peter Flask?"

"Pike."

He simpered. "Pike. I'm James L. Pratt, senior partner of
Sunderland, Vichy and Pratt. I'm here to inform you that the
firm is willing to pick up your case, courtesy of a benefactor

Pike was skeptical. These guys were serious legal guns.
He'd read about them during the Millhaven Slayings Trial.
Who did he know that could afford this "Get out of Jail Free"
card? Hanson, of course. Of Pike's acquaintances, only the
proprietor of Roman-Smythe Munitions had the cash for this
kind of rescue. But Hanson, the consummate businessman,
never did favors, only made investments. And what sort of
return was he expecting from this venture?

Your character has friends in high and low places and
can occasionally call upon them in times of need. Depend-
ing on the number of dots assigned to this Background,
your character might have a childhood friend in Homi-
cide or perhaps he saved the governor's life back in Nam.
Allies can't always help directly, but they may have their
own resources that they can call upon. Unlike contacts
(see below), allies don't need to be coaxed or manipulated
into helping your character)\but they are probably un-
aware of his struggle against the supernatural.

Like any friends, allies do not enjoy being used. Your
character may have to interact with them outside of
simply asking them for help. Additionally, granting favors
is a two-way street: A friend in the FBI may call upon your
character unexpectedly for assistance. Paying the piper
can put a real dent in his personal agenda, but can be the
stuff of which adventures are made.

° One ally of moderate influence and power

Two allies, both of moderate power

Three allies, one of whom is quite influential
© Four allies, one of whom is very influential

SS 2 ee ep es fa

CHAPYER4:IHAVEHEARD THE MESSAGE

nee ee wee ae, Soe eee

e allies, one of whom is extremely influential

——-——-—-~

Arson hand, he knows where to get it, whether legally or ille-

ah

Gorman crawled to where Father St. George lay. They
had predicted an ugly fight, but no one guessed that the
bloodsuckers would have access to heavy weapons. Or that
they'd be loaded with Talons. He examined the aging priest for
life signs — he'd seen St. George take a few in the chest fro
the initial burst. .

"I'm fine, dammit." The grizzled war vet brushed Gorman
away and got to his feet painfully

"Father!" Gorman was astounded. "You're alive!"

The priest grinned and thumped a fist to his trench coat
and the body armor underneath. "There's faith and there's
blind faith, son." He dug out a cigarette and lit it. "Never get
"em mixed up."

Your character may never have been a boy scout, but
"be prepared" has always been his motto. He always knew
evil was at work, he just didn't know what form it would
take. Government agents, UFOs or demons straight from
hell: he was ready for anything. So when he was Called, he
brought the hard stuff to bear. They used to call your
character "gun nut," "survivalist" or just plain "paranoid."
Now they call him "savior."

Your character may not have much money, but over
the years he has collected an impressive assortment of
weapons and equipment valuable to his newfound calling.
If he doesn't have a particular weapon or piece of gear on

gally. Legal possession of firearms probably means the
government has a record of every weapon your character
owns; illegal ownership may mean a prison sentence if he's
caught. More dots in this Background increases the vol-
ume, firepower or rarity of the collection. The Storyteller
has final say on what items may be available, and should
establish the contents of a stash before play begins.

. You might own or have inherited a modest
collection of rifles, shotguns and a few handguns.
Equipment could include army-surplus rucksacks,
rations or first-aid kits.

© You own a substantial collection of firearms:
pistols and long guns, possibly including vintage
semiautomatic military rifles (Civil War, WWI or
WWII). Equipment could include high-power
binoculars, urban camo fatigues ora police scanner.

#20 You're a serious collector, owning various pistols,

shotguns and even semiauto assault rifles. The gear

in your basement could easily outfit a group of

"tough-it" campers, and your supplies could include

night-vision goggles, body armor or military-

surplus radios.

eee You're a fixture at local gun shows and you make

your neighbors nervous. Your sizable collection

includes fully-automatic weapons (including
submachine guns) and might contain exotic types

-_

Wee
=e

m_—

os

a


a 2 Gee past gs es

CHAPTER

such as sniper rifles or rare antiques. Equipment ® One bystander
could include police-issue sap gloves, electronic
eavesdropping devices or lightweight tactical
radios used by special forces.

People like you give the ATF nightmares. Your
large collection includes heavy weapons — vintage
machine guns, mortars and grenades. They're old Gauyaers
but serviceable. Modern equipment might include
SWAT-team body armor, military-grade GPS
navigation hardware or even surplus military vehicles.

Two bystanders
Three bystanders

© Four bystanders

© Five bystanders :

"Food at the shelter gotten any better?" Sarin tossed a
small paper bag into the ragged man's lap.
"Cream of rat's ass soup, as usual." Arnie thrust a

Bysraxoers mittened paw into the greasy sack and pulled out a wax-paper
Dear Mom and Dad, bundle, "Hey, a steak bomb! Sarin, you're a saint!" The lines
By the time you read this, I'll be gone. I've left with Sarin. _in the homeless man's face became trenches as he tried to fit
He's not really a Columbia med student like I told you. He's one end of the sandwich into his mouth
actually doing something that benefits humankind much more "Any news?"
than medicine, but it's something he will never receive thanks Amie finished his first bite, belched and wiped his mouth.
for. So he needs support. He needs me with him and I love him, "Some-a the brothers at the mission is talkin' how the Reapers
I've withdrawn all the money from my bank account, because been movin' down into Fountain Park. That's Wolfpack
I don't know when or if I'll be back. Please don't try to find me, territory. We all stayin' outta there for now — gang war's
because you won't be able to. Please don't think I'm leaving comin'.... Oh yeah, Jackson says three guys come ‘round
because of you or anything that you did. This is just something __describin' a fella sounds like you, askin' where he lives. They
that I must do, in memory of Marcy. Maybe I can tell you all isn't too savory lookin', so he sends 'em into West Mortone.
about it someday. I'll try to call you from the road. I love you __See if they come out agin.'"
and I'm sorry. "They will."
Michelle Your character has developed a steady base of people
Allies are your character's associates. Contacts are who can provide him with a stream of information and
her eyes and ears. Yet both groups must be kept in the __ services. These contacts are rarely friends, more often
dark about your character's real life and agenda; they __ people who know your character and may offer help if
wouldn't understand if she told them the truth, and they _ properly bribed, coerced or manipulated. There are two
might even unwittingly reveal her to the enemy. How- _types of contacts: major and minor.
ever, bystanders arg your character's companions in her Major contacts have some degree of standing within
lonely vigil. Like Wer, they were exposed to the Message their respective fields and, with the right offer, can
when it was delivered, but unlike her they failed to act at__ provide helpful information regarding those areas. Minor
the scene. They haven't forgotten what they witnessed, contacts are informants spread throughout the city. Mi-
though. They've seen the evil, too. Some are prepared to nor contacts can be used as eyes and ears, but they aren't
make amends for past indecision or fear, and they want as informative as major contacts. Newsstand vendors,
to help your character directly. Others can be goaded —_ bouncers, bartenders, security guards, police dispatchers
into offering aid, but they never want to face that kind and paramedics are all good examples of minor contacts.
of horror again. If your character wants to get in touch with minor con-
Although most bystanders are sympathetic to your _ tacts, roll Contacts rating (difficulty 7) with each success
character's cause, they have various reasons for helping representing a minor contact found. They still require the
her. Some stand with her out of love, for a debt unpaid proper incentive to help, though.
or for the resources she can provide. Their camaraderie Neither type of contact — major nor minor — recog-
is not unflagging, though, and poor treatment drives nizes your character as a hunter, and would probably be
them away. Additionally, bystanders may seek aid that __ frightened away if they did.
they know your character can provide. Generally, by- One major contact and a handful of minor ones.

standers are not as powerful as hunters in head-on battles
with the supernatural. They have no second sight or
edges and should not be expected to participate, except. gee
in dire circumstances. Help from bystanders typically
takes the form of aid your character could expect from
her own family.

Two major contacts and a few minor ones scattered
about the area.

Three major contacts and minor ones in every club
or police precinct.

Four major contacts and minor contacts spread
throughout the city.

Five major contacts, and you seldom go anywhere
without seeing a minor one. |

EE on ee ee Po yew}

HAVEHEARD YHE MESSAGE


Spaulding watched his silent companion as she stared
transfixed at the nightstalker's burning remains. He knew she
was only with them for the ride, that she would get off sooner
or later to fulfill other, secret agendas. That didn't sadden him.
Quite frankly, she scared him shitless. He'd seen her fight the
bloodsucker like he was just another kid on the playground. She
wasn't afraid of anything — "Willing to kiss Death on the lips
and then knee him in the crotch," to quote Eph

The stranger never told him how she always managed to
emerge untouched from every fight — she couldn't... or
wouldn't. The woman seemed to be mute and refused to stand
still long enough to explain herself in writing. She had a keen
intelligence, too; it stunned Spaulding sometimes. He never
told Ephie before she was killed, but once, inside the chapel, he
saw the barest flicker of the strange woman's aura. Something
quiet and green and powerful. Yeah, she scared him.

Everyone has her role in shaping the future, but
people with Destiny seem to have an enormous part to
play. Perhaps your character has been selected from among
all other imbued for some purpose. Maybe only she has
insight into the way the monsters really are. Your charac-
ter may be aware of her importance in time's procession,
or she may be ignorant of the fact until someone points it
out. Nonetheless, she carries her destiny like a standard
and may be respected, feared or envied by those who
recognize her significance. A "blessed one" may be watched
closely and criticized when she doesn't_seem to follow
what is believed to be her true path. Others may even try
to utilize your character's higher calling to their own ends.
Destinies are enigmas, though, and no one has a clear idea
of what awaits your character.

Yet Fate is not unwavering. Destined people have
been known to die before fulfilling their roles. Such
deaths are seldom inglorious and never unimportant.

For each dot your character possesses in this Back-
ground, you can make one re-roll per game session. If a
single roll fails or does not achieve the successes that you
hoped for, you can roll again. Only one re-roll is allowed
for any given action. Re-rolls are even allowed for Convic-
tion-invested edge rolls, perhaps avoiding the loss of any
risked Conviction points.

The Storyteller must decide what your character's
destiny is and he can work it into his chronicle. He may or
may not make you privy to your character's fate.

© You have a certain funny feeling about your future.
oo You are bound to make an indelible impact on the

lives of many others.

Your destiny is powerful, perhaps as a respected
innovator or leader.

@¢¢6 Your destiny is one of Arthurian legend.
© © ©The course of the world may be revolutionized by
your fate.

It was the point in the act that Marcy despised: the love
scene. The time when the boundaries between hunter and prey
blurred. It was foul, but necessary. Like anyone else, bloodsuck-
‘ers were at their most vulnerable during intimate moments. As
the creature moved to her neck, Marcy's heart jackhammered,
spurred by a mixture of fear, anger and anticipation.

She'd been bitten before she was Called, back in her stupid
goth phase when she used to hit clubs armed with a fake ID,
black lace and a sick dose of nihilism. The fact that she was still
breathing proved that these monsters don't always drink their
victims dry, and not every bite creates another vampire.
Surprisingly, it didn't even hurt; it actually felt kinda good,
back before the Call. This time it hurt. She prayed Sarin and
Michelle were sneaking over to the van at that moment.

Your character had a run-in with the supernatural
before she was imbued. Maybe she saw a pack of wild dogs
tear through the shopping mall or was part of a cult based
on something more tangible than deluded faith. She never
understood the encounter fully and shut it out, rational-
ized it desperately or simply dismissed it. Now that she has
been chosen, your character understands her past experi-
ence for what it was. This information gives her insights
into the supernatural from time to time. But be fore-
warned that a little knowledge can be a dangerous thing.
Some perceptions are deceptive. Your character may know
just enough about the supernatural to get into trouble, but
not enough to survive it.

Detail the past event or circumstances. When your
character identifies a supernatural creature, the Story-
teller may make a Wits + Exposure roll on your behalf to
see if your character can draw upon her previous experi-
ence in regard to this new encounter. As far as your
character can tell, not all monsters are the same, so some
abominations may still be baffling to her. The Storyteller
should always make Exposure rolls in secret and feed
potentially lethal misinformation after botches.

e You frequently went dancing at some notorious spots.

Youcan now explain that unexplainable encounter
you had as a kid in the spooky old mansion.
You've seen miraculous coincidences occur that are
starting to seem less and less coincidental.

One of your patients always used to arrange after-
dark meetings. You realize that your initial diagnosis
for the cause of his neuroses was all wrong.

You lived in a community — perhaps Gypsy or Native
American — that took the supernatural for granted.
You now understand something of what you've seen
and heard.

Fre

It was inevitable. "Hey, aren't you the guy who saved that
kid from the wild-dog attack?"

Jamal smiled feebly. The story had splashed the papers,
thanks in part to Yasmine spilling his name in the ambulance.

2:8 Se ag ees te.

Se

OOOO "." _ °  ;  —

ah » Gee get gs Bees

CHAPYER4:IHAVE HEARD VHE MESSAGE

It had been a grim week of news, so the media inflated the glanced, turned crimson and crumpled them in his fist. "Hous- r

rescue. Preferring to regain his anonymity, he'd turned down _ ton," he sighed, "I wish you'd come back into the fold."

all the interviews, but it was impossible to swim against the tide The "penitent" snorted a laugh.

of editorials and radio talk shows. Now he had to shake this Your character is able to direct political and social

guy, too. processes and some authorities including the police by any
"You're one brave sonuvabitch! This city's got one * of several means, such as wealth, political office, prestige

helluva dog problem. I say turn a giant fire hose on em." —_ or manipulation. This Background is a measure of the

The man's voice became conspiratorial as he added, "Filled weight he can throw around in his community, particu-

with molten silver." Jamal stopped edging away, his patron- _ arly through the justice and executive systems.

izing smile abandoned. There are times when you may have to roll Influence
"That's right," the man said, winking. "Think you're the jn lieu of another Ability, such as Bureaucracy or Politics,

only ‘dogcatcher' in town?"

especially when dealing with the public mindset. Natu-
Your character is recognized and widely respected by _rally, it is much more difficult to effect changes on a
people for something. Fame often walks hand in hand national level than on a local one.
with fortune, as many famous writers, athletes and actors Moderately influential; a factor in local politics
can attest. It doesn't always, though; without accompa @@ + Well-connected; a force in city polities uw
nying points in Resources, your character's fame maybe ggg py Foams Ii well
4 ‘sition of influence; a factor in regional politics
the fleeting kind usually brought on by the media. Fame
certainly has its benefits. People want to be seen with °° ®® Broad personal power; a force in state politics
your character, he may wield significant influence, and * ® ® ® ® Vastly influential; a factor in national politics
he might receive prestigious invitations and privileges. Miwon
‘ame can also be a nuisance, especially for hunters Old Zebulon — with his pain-in-the-ass intuition — was
who want to stalk their prey unseen. Yet enemies may dying. His face had taken on the ashen color of the monsters
not be able to eliminate your character outright; they he'd slain, and the doctors stopped discussing his condition by
may not want to reckon with the attention and inquiries _his bedside. He insisted that it was a passing virus.
his death would bring. At the Storyteller's discretion, Mr. Nelson's biology class: Frog-dissection Day.
Fame may also reduce the difficulties of Social rolls Spaulding made his first incision and found a black jelly,
against particularly impressionable people. clinging and noxious, covering his frog's insides. Mr.
. You're a regular at a certain club or the host ofa. Nelson came over and grinned. "Looks like yours had
cable-access show. cancer, Spauld." }
© You'rea local celebrity among a certain set, maybe "They killed Eph," Spaulding muttered to the shrunken
a college-sports phenomenon or a morning-TV- figure on the bed. "Hung her by her neck."
show host. People recognize your face. Zebulon was unfazed. "Then you'd best leave town.
@ee You're known to almost everyone in the area, They'll be looking for you next. Where's that damn quiet
pethaps asafigure in a popularized trial. woman—" Zeb winced, his face becoming an apple doll's
@e¢e Your name is known across the nation — almost "Why don't you take your medicine?"
erecpona has earl Don't need dope. Dulls the brain. Use what I taught you
@ ee e6Your name turns up at least once on any given find that mute. She's infor trouble, but you're safest with
wrenina of leslie her for now. Call me from L.A.
evening of te
Slaying otherworldly creatures is a skill learned
hetwomee through hard knocks, if at all. Some lucky hunters learn
Te-was quiet in the old cathedral. All the parishioners had what they know with guidance. Your character has a
raised their heads and lef, save one. The bishop waited until _eeacher, whether in the tricks of destroying zombies or in
alll the altar boys were gone, then walked over to the penitent fe overall,
and laid @ gentle hand on his shotlder. ; A high Mentor rating suggests a fellow hunter, per-
The bishop's whisper did not match the softness of his haps one of the first, who teaches your character to
hand. "What is it now, Houston?" , survive, too. A low Mentor ratings indicates a "mundane"
The kneeling figure didn't look up. "Arthur Cohen's trial teacher, someone learned in the world, even if it's not the
is coming up. Judge Sorben is a good Catholic — comes here same terrible one your character knows. The latter may be
every week, right? I want you to throw the diocese behind ay excellent teacher of combat skills or common sense,
Cohen in support of vigilantism. Publicly. Tell the other but can be difficult to call upon in touchy situations. Some

orders, too."

"Unthinkable!" The bishop's voice lowered to a whisper
again. "Ie'll cost you four." Houston reached into his coat and
handed over four of the remaining 12 Polaroids. The bishop

mentors maintain an aloof teacher-student relationship,
others become friends and even lovers. No mentor, how-
ever, has an inexhaustible amount of patience. A mentor

SS an See 42S gee fos Ot


HUNTER: HE RECKONING

who feels burdened by an ungrateful or troublesome appren-
tice soon seeks a more worthy charge.

Your mentor is able to train you in one or two
general Abilities and offer some advice.

Your mentor is moderately influential and
connected, and often provides helpful advice.
Your mentor is probably another hunter.

Your mentor is a gifted hunter with considerable
experiences, insight and connections.

© Your mentor is a relatively legendary hunter; she
may even be known and feared by the enemy.

Paveon
"Look man, I know what I saw and I know it wasn't the

"Demons in doctor suits? A dream in which you rid this
hospital of the plague?"

"Yeah, but an earlier one told me to lock my window last
month, and that was the night the strangler got into the ward.
Remember that?"

"It was also the night of the tropical storm. You probably
remember Nurse Jacobs telling you that. Look, I think they're
giving you too many BZDs. I hear that happens sometimes. My
session with Dr. Howard is tomorrow, you want me to ask him
for you? You start with that stuff again, they'll never let you
out. You want to see Rachel again, right?"

"Yeah. You know, they said something about you, too..."

"Way too many BZDs.... Hey! The Ping-Pong table's

free again!"

The Messengers keep visiting your character, even
after his imbuing. An otherworldly hand continues to
shake him and confront him with warnings or horrific
visions. The signs are often short and enigmatic, arriving
with little warning. Your character may feel something
akin to what epileptics experience just before an episode
— a brief haziness or unfamiliar smell — then it hits.
Contact is seldom pleasant; it's disorienting, nauseating
or infuriating. Any messages are shrouded in a miasma of
images and emotions that don't immediately make sense.
Otherworldly voices and bizarre dreams are obvious
choices. Other, more eerie messages include billboard
lines that scramble into cryptic warnings or ATM ma-
chines that urge or advise your character.

Before he understands what's happening, your char-
acter may be presumed sick ot insane, whether by himself
or by others. Even if he understands the meaning of the
messages, he may attribute them to deities, aliens or
psychic powers. Most characters with Patrons tend to keep
the nature of their messages to themselves. After all, they
burned Joan of Arc for less.

Storytellers may use this Background as an opportu-
nity to offer clues to players and to foreshadow events to
come. The Storyteller may also decide the reason your
character is contacted relatively frequently.

e You are contacted now and again, perhaps three or
four times since you were imbued.

@* You are contacted a few times a season or so,
apparently with dire messages only.

#2 You receive messages a few times every month.

You are contacted at least once every week, with

information of seemingly various import.

© © © © @You are contacted so frequently that you take pre
cautions against mishaps by refusing to swim or
drive alone, for example.

Resources

Security at the Roman-Smythe estate had tripled recently,
and the old alarms were replaced with lasers and electronic
barricades. The system performed well, repelling a wave of
would-be intruders. Yet the stranger in Hanson Roman-
Smythe's bedroom apparently had entered unhindered.

"We've been watching you," the figure announced. His
custom-fit suit was a sharp contrast to Hanson's baggy night-
clothes. "The way you maneuvered the others into ashing
Clearwater nearly doubled your holdings, didn't it? Pure genius,
really. You're practically one of us already. All that remains is
the initiation." He smiled toothily. "Merely a formality."

"Don't... don't I get a choice?" Hanson felt numb.

"I suppose... not to be cliché, but since you know about
us, I'd have to kill you otherwise. It's our law." The stranger
dropped into the Chippendale by the window. "Need time to
decide? I'll wait."

Hanson shuddered in his canopy bed. Panic blotted his
mind. That's when the intruder added casually, "On second
thought, I've changed my mind: You have no choice. Consider
it a violent takeover."

Resources describes your character's standard of liv-
ing rather than his liquid assets. Almost everyone has at.
least a point or two in this Trait — otherwise your
character has a small apartment, a beat-up car and can
afford only basic hunting tools, such as an illegal gun and )
some ammo. Alternatively, a character without a Re-
sources rating is practically penniless: a bum on the street
or still living with his parents. Detail whence any income
derives; neglect or wanton spending can quickly reduce it
to nothing. Your character can liquidate possessions for
more cash, but the faster he wants to do this, the less
money he gets. Many hunters reduce their assets to almost
nothing in the wake of being imbued, when money can
become meaningless compared to destroying evil personi-
fied or protecting loved ones.

Note that Resources may provide cash for weapons
and paramilitary equipment, but your character probably
doesn't start with any, nor does she necessarily know how
to acquire such items.

e You live in a condo or apartment in a clean part
of town. You have the money for a few splurges,


CHAPYER4:THAVEHEARD THE MESSAGE

such as a computer or a nice car. Alternatively,
you might live in squalor and support a number
of prople or are able to afford a variety of
weapons and gear.

You have a "real" job and your first home. You
may have one nice car or two old ones. Supporting
a family and maintaining the hunt puts a real
strain on your finances. Alternatively, you live in
a cheap apartment but can afford good
equipment for the mission.

You own some property and perhaps a second
nice car. You can afford to take frequent overseas
vacations and build a stock portfolio. You can
support a family and pay for the tools of your
secret trade.

You own an enviable house or perhaps
several small pieces of property. You can
afford a membership at a prestigious
country club, even though you don't
golf much. Fellow hunters look to you to
outfit the group.

You are a multimillionaire. There's
almost nothing (and no) one out of your
Rolex-clad arm's reach. Be careful: Such
wealth often engenders dangerous envy.
You can afford almost any weapon or
armament, provided you can get your
hands on it.

Wiirowe

Willpower measures your character's inner drive
and competence at overcoming unfavorable odds.
Unlike other Traits, Willpower has both a perm:

nent "rating" and a temporary "pool." The rating

is rolled or tested, whereas the pool is "spent
When you spend a point of your character's
Willpower, cross off the point from his Will-
power pool (the squares), not the Willpower
rating (the circles). The rating stays con-
stant — if you need to roll Willpower for
some reason, base the roll on the perma-
nent rating. The pool is used up during
the story.

Your character's Willpower pool
likely fluctuates a great deal during
the course of a story or chronicle. It
decreases by one point every time you
use a Willpower point to enable your
character to do something extraordi-
nary, like maintain self-control or
gain an automatic success. Eventu-
ally, your character has no Willpower

oy dee, ne oat Sr at ee EE a,

a > ind


NY ER: YHERECKONING

left and can no longer exert the effort he once could. A
character with no Willpower pool is exhausted mentally,
physically and spiritually, and has great difficulty doing
anything, as he can no longer muster the mettle to under-
take an action or cause. Willpower points can be regained
during the course of a story (see below), though you are
advised to be careful and frugal with your character's
Willpower pool.
The Willpower Trait is measured on a 1 to 10 scale
rather than a | to 5 scale. A starting hunter character is
assumed to have a Willpower rating of 3, unless it's
increased with freebie points. .

° Spineless
eo Weak

ooo Unassertive
eooe Diffident
eooce Certain
eoccce Confident
eocccce Determined
eoccccce Controlled
eeccccce Iron-willed
eeccccce Unshakable

Secvomc Wiccrowe

Willpower is one of the most active and important
Traits in Hunter: The Reckoning. Because there are so
many ways to expend, regain and use Willpower, it fluc-
tuates more than any other Trait (besides Conviction) in
the game. Willpower is a very versatile Trait, so make sure
you understand how to use it.

© You may spend one of your character's Willpower
points to gain an automatic success on a single action.
The action roll is made normally. A single die that
indicates a failure is set aside and considered an automatic
success, to be combined with any other successes achieved
in the roll. If all the dice rolled are successes, another is
added to the total for the Willpower point spent.

Only one point of Willpower may be used in a single
turn in this manner, but the success is guaranteed and may
not be canceled, even by botches. By using Willpower in
this way, it is possible to succeed at a given action simply
by concentrating. For extended rolls, these extra suc-
cesses may make the critical difference between
accomplishment and failure.

Note: You must declare that you are spending a
Willpower point before you make an actual roll for your
character's action; you can't cancel a botch retroactively
by spending a Willpower point at the last minute. Also,
the Storyteller may declare that a Willpower point may
not be spent on a given action.

© Sometimes, the Storyteller may rule that your
character takes some action automatically based on in-
stinct or urge — for example, stepping back from a chasm
or taking cover from an explosion. The Storyteller may

ee Ney Ca a, Ge, SB
allow you to spend a Willpower point and avoid perform-

ing this reactive maneuver. It should be noted that the
instinct may return at the Storyteller's discretion; you
may need to spend multiple Willpower points over the
course of a few turns to stay on task. Sometimes the urge
may be overcome by the force of your character's wi
other times, your character has no choice but to follow hi:
instinct (i.e., your character runs out of Willpower points
or you no longer wish to expend them).

t

© A Willpower point may be spent to prevent a
derangement from manifesting, with the Storyteller's
permission. Eventually, if enough Willpower points are
spent (as determined by the Storyteller), the derange-
ment may be overcome and eliminated, as enough denial
of the derangement remedies the aberration.

© By spending a Willpower point, wound penalties
can be ignored for one turn. This allows your character to
override pain and injury in order to take one last-ditch
heroic (or villainous) action. However, Willpower may
not be spent in this manner for an Incapacitated character.

© Willpower cannot be spent toward using edges in
any way, whether it be getting an automatic success on an .
edge roll or making an attack roll with a weapon created :
through an edge (such as with Cleave). Modifying edge
rolls is strictly the province of Conviction (see p. 132).

Recammc Wicrower

Willpower may be recovered as well as spent. The
following situations earn your character back a point or
more of Willpower, though her Willpower pool may
never exceed her Willpower rating. The only way to
increase your character's Willpower rating is through
experience-point expenditure.

Generally, your character's Willpower pool may be
replenished whenever she fulfills a goal or has an oppor-
tunity to restore her self-confidence. Ultimately, specific
instances of Willpower restoration are up to the Story-
teller. For this reason, Storytellers are advised to be
prudent in allowing characters to regain Willpower; it is
a powerful and versatile Trait, and permitting players to
rely on it too much undermines much of the challenge of
a story.

© Characters' Willpower pools replenish fully at the
end of a given story (and that's story, not session). The
Storyteller may restrict this by requiring that the charac-
ters achieve (or partially achieve) a goal or otherwise
boost their self-esteem. For example, if the story ends in
a stalemate for the characters, who didn't destroy a pow-
erful monster but did manage to obstruct its immediate
plans, allow them to replenish their Willpower pools.

© (Storyteller's Option) Characters regain one Will-
power point each day upon waking. This approach is easy
on the bookkeeping and allows a steady stream of Will-
power replenishment.

nein 20 _g eee e. E

>_> # # #w-z


© (Storyteller's Option) If a character attains some
extraordinary goal or fulfills an outstanding objective,
the Storyteller may reward her with a point of Willpower
pool. For example, if a hunter manages to keep a gang of
vampires from breaking into his home and killing his
family, the character may regain a point of Willpower
(and perhaps more).

* (Storyteller's Option) If a character behaves in a
manner that fulfills her Nature Archetype, the Story-
teller may reward the character with one to three
Willpower points (as stated in the Archetype descrip-
tions). For example, if a Director character creatés a
plan of attack against a skinchanger, and the plan comes
off without a hitch, that character may be given a point
of Willpower.

Storytellers are encouraged to create their own sys-
tems or modify ones presented here to suit their troupe's
style of play. Indeed, the manner in which a Storyteller
allows, or refuses to allow, Willpower replenishment can
determine the overall mood of a chronicle. A word of
caution: Give Willpower rewards judiciously, as Will-
power can destroy a story if the Storyteller lets the Trait
fall to abuse.

Virruss

During your character's normal life, she had values,
principles and beliefs, whether about right and wrong,
good and evil or Heaven and Hell. Her values were prob-
ably shades of gray between the black-and-white contrasts
of any subject: "There might be a God, but a place where
souls go after death? I don't know..." Your character's
ideas and principles were probably fairly typical, shared by
others, even if not locally or to her knowledge.

All that changed when your character was in the
ii place at the wrong time — almost coincidentally
when evil manifested. Suddenly, she was imbued. Alll of
her previous perceptions and ideals were instantly invali-
dated. Everything she'd taken for granted was shown to be
false, the world proved never to have been the place it
seemed. The slate was wiped clean, and she was forced to
start all over again.
Yet even in this nightmarish new reality, your
character's ideals and beliefs have a fundamental impact
onwhosheis, whether she realizes it ornot. Your character's
reaction to the walking horrors around her determines the
direction of her new existence. In the moment of the
BB imbuing, the Heralds, for lack of a better term, seem to
measure her utility in a war against the supernatural.

Although hunters aren't aware of any classification
of their kind, three approximate identity types emerge
among the imbued, based on their previous philosophies.
Members of these groups share roughly similar approaches
to and ideas about monsters and the hunt, from the

aA » Ge pest gs ws

1 an See 42 ge fas

CHAPYER4:THAVEHERRD THE MESSAGE

moment they're reborn to the moment they become
statistics of the ongoing war. The three groups, known for
game purposes as Virtues, are Zeal, Vision and Mercy
They are all different takes on how monsters should be
dealt with: tooth for a tooth, eye for an eye; with a mind
to an ultimate end to the war and with questions such as
"what are you" and "what are we?"; or with judicious
compassion for creatures that may suffer as much in this
reality as the downtrodden suffer in any world.

A nascent hunter's very personality therefore de-
cides his identity and purpose against the supernatural,

whether to destroy it, understand it or to save what can be
recouped. The Virtues decide who hunters are and be-
come. One of these dedications is your character's primary
Virtue. You get three Virtue points to spend at character
creation. Your character's rating in her primary Virtue
cannot be exceeded by a rating in any other Virtue

throughout her existence. If her primary Virtue is Mercy,
her ratings in Zeal and Vision can never exceed her
Mercy rating (they can equal Mercy, but never be higher).
Ye Vires Yrruss

Each of the three Virtues means something different
for each hunter; no two people can agree on how far the
hunt should be taken, what plan should be implemented
to fight the unknown, or which beings are worth sparing
and which are not. Hunters take up the cause for their
own reasons and often die on their own terms. Yet the
three Virtues — the lenses that focus hunter perception
— can be generalized. You should decide your own
character's reasons for waging on the supernatural
and what she hopes to achieve from it. The answers you
arrive at reflect her primary Virtue.

Marcy

This Virtue assumes that there is something worth
saving in all beings. It values respect and courtesy above
all. Nothing can be taken unless an effort to give is made
in exchange. Solutions to problems lie in the middle
ground, not in opposed camps.

The Merciful look upon the monsters plaguing the
world and search for ones who make up for the wrongs of
the rest. If the creatures derive from people gone wrong,
perhaps those people can be saved. This perspective
doesn't make the Merciful naive, however; the remorse-
less must be put down to save the defenseless, to protect
any purity that might still exist. Indeed, when charged to
protect the free and unspoiled, the Merciful become more
dogged and dangerous than even the most extreme Zealot.

¥rsion

This Virtue is founded on questions and the search
for answers. Life is complex and baffling. How can
anyone claim to understand anything if they don't ask
all the questions and look for all the answers? Rash


HUY ERY HERECKONING i ey ea ES Sy

actions or decisions can cause more harm than
good. Thoughtfulness and freedom are key to
unity and cohesion.

Vision applies to the hunt in refusing to
acknowledge accepted truths and in scrutinizing
assumptions. Monstrosities might seem to con-
trol the world, but is it worthwhile to destroy
every one of them on the streets when the ones in
power just create more? What's the plan? What's
the goal of the hunt? Running in circles covers

ral tyranny once and for all?

teat

This Virtue is the fundamental belief in a
cause for its own sake, whether it be a religion,
a right, a movement or simply a refusal to
accept the status quo. Right and wrong draw
definite lines, with narrow or no shades of
gray. There is an ideal answer to whatever
and it should be sought after,
essary.

|
| no ground. How can people be free of supernatu-
|

|

problems aris
fought for if nes
Zeal applies to the hunt in simple intoler-
ance of the supernatural. The world is clearly at
the mercy of obscene creatures that corrupt every-
thing they touch. Their hand should be severed
and their lives should be snuffed out. Half-mea-
sures mean half-freedom or half-justice. What can
be worth having that isn't worth dying for?

Virvuss ano Cnseds

Your character's role in the hunt doesn't stop at
her Virtues. Virtues are like department titles at the
workplace. Your hunter also has a personal job title

In Hunter: The Reckoning a character's job is her
creed: Her purpose or the role she performs in the
hunt (see Chapter 3 for more on creeds). Each of
the creeds adheres to a Virtue, which is called
its primary Virtue. Zeal's creeds are Avenger,
Judge and Defender. Mercy's creeds are Re-
deemer, Martyr and Innocent. Vision has
only one creed of which hunters are aware:
Visionary. Thus, Zeal is the primary Virtue
of Avengers, Judges and Defenders. Mercy
is the primary Virtue of Redeemers, Mar-
tyrs and Innocents. Vision is the primary
Virtue of Visionaries.

Your character largely carries out the hunt
according to the tenets of her primary Virtue, but with
the direction and guidance of her creed. A character
with a primary Virtue of Zeal believes in the destruc-
e's a Judge, she

tion of the supernatural. However, if s
accomplishes that goal through strategy, cool calcula-
tion and temperance. A Defender adherent of Zeal
seeks to destroy the supernatural through counterstrikes,


feints and simple wearing down of the enemy, all the
while protecting the enemy's true target. An Avenger, on
the other hand, believes in destruction through direct
and bold action. The Avenger isn't stupid, simply deci-
sive and straightforward.

During character creation, you can choose what kind
of creed to which your character belongs before establish-
ing her Virtues, yet the two are interconnected. Creed is
a direct result of your character's primary Virtue, and her
primary Virtue must be compatible with her creed. As far
as hunters' unidentified creators seem to care, the imbued
set their own course against the night and are simply
empowered to follow it. Characters do not possess Virtues
or creeds — or edges — until they're imbued.

MutretsYirvuss

Your character has a creed and primary Virtue, but
she can also have scores in any of the Virtues, regardless
of which is her primary. (Your character's primary Virtue
rating simply cannot be exceeded by her other Virtue
ratings.) Scores in multiple Virtues represent an under-
standing of the various goals of the hunt — not only to
destroy, for example, but to rationalize with and perhaps
even spare some supernaturals. There is rarely one solu-
tion to any situation in the World of Darkness. Hunters
with a broad perspective understand this and can choose
the best solution to the problem at hand. Your character
can blow up the building in which a zombie holds hos-
tages; she gets the walking corruption, but defenseless
people are killed in the process. Alternatively, tricking
the zombie or even considering its demands in hopes of
putting the tormented soul to rest might resolve the
situation harmlessh

The capacity to possess ratings in any of the Virtues
almost seems to suggest that the Heralds want some
imbued to have a broad foundation. Such hunters don't
necessarily become overtly powerful, but they do prove
capable and versatile. Your hunter's Virtues are used to
acquire her edges. A strong foundation in multiple Vir-
tues offers a hunter access to various edges, not just those
of a single Virtue or creed. For example, a Redeemer can
have points in Zeal and Vision — and therefore have
edges from the paths of Zeal or Vision creeds. A diversi-
fied character thus brings more weapons to the hunt,
which offers her more options than a highly specialized,
narrow-minded ally has. Thus, these versatile, moderate
hunters seem to contrast with their focused and perhaps
intense allies. But, of course, the question is, to what end
is this difference fostered?

Remember, all of your character's Virtues can be
increased during play (see Conviction, p. 139), but her
primary Virtue score can never be exceeded by those of
her other Virtues.

aA 2 ee get gs Bes

Virruss AMO EDGes

Your character's edges are the powers bestowed upon
her at the moment of being imbued. For a complete list of
edges, see Chapter 5. The edges available are a direct result
of your character's creed and Virtue points, and how those
points are allocated.

Edges belong to paths according to creed. The powers
listed under the Innocence creed form the Innocence path.
The powers listed under the Judgment creed make up the
Judgment path. Your character's primary path is that of her
creed. The primary path of a Martyr-creed character is the
Martyr path. Your character's progress along this path regu-
lates what other powers she's allowed to have.

Edges must be acquired in increasing order on a path.
You cannot buy the level-one Defender power and then
jump to the level three; each edge along a path is the
prerequisite for the one immediately higher.

Virtues determine what edges you can acquire. You can
choose an edge from any creed's path for which your charac-
ter has an appropriate Virtue. Thus, a character with a
Mercy rating can have powers from any of the Redeemer,
Martyr or Innocent paths. A character with a rating in Zeal
can have edges from any of the Avenger, Judge or Defender
paths. It doesn't matter whether these other paths are your
character's primary path, or if these other Virtues are your
character's primary Virtue.

The only stipulation to choosing edges from paths other
than your character's primary path is this: Edge ratings in
other paths cannot exceed your highest-rated primary edge.
Thus, a Visionary with the level-three Visionary edge can
have powers belonging to other paths. Those other edges
simply cannot be rated four or higher. A Defender with the
level-two edge in his primary path cannot have any other
power rated three or higher.

Your character can even have edges from other paths
belonging to the same Virtue as that of his primary path. A
Defender can have Avenger and Judge edges, all of which
belong to Zeal. However, those other powers still cannot
exceed your character's highest rated Defender edge.

Edges are purchased with Virtue points. An edge costs
its level in Virtue points. Thus, a level-one edge costs one
point of the appropriate Virtue. A level-two edge costs two
Virtue points. Getting both the level-one and two edges in
the same path therefore costs a total of three Virtue points.
Having the level-four edge and all those beneath it in a path
costs a total of 10 Virtue points. Remember that you must
possess one edge in a path before you can purchase the next
higher rated.

Your character's Virtue points can be dedicated to only
one edge each. Youcan't use his 1 Mercy to get the level-one
powers from Redeemer, Martyr and Innocent. That Virtue
point buys only one edge from one of those paths. The same

CHAPYER4:IHAVEHEARD Y HE MESSAGE


|
!
|
|
|

is true for dedicating multiple Virtue points to acquire
higher rated edges. If your character has the level-one
‘Avenger edge and you decide to acquire the level-two power
as well, the extra Virtue points needed are dedicated to that
new edge; they can't be used to buy any other Zeal powers.

The Edge Costs Chart specifies power costs.

Note that your character's Virtue ratings don't diminish
when edges are chosen. A hunter with 3 Mercy isn't reduced
to 2 Mercy when he gets the level-one Redeemer edge.
Virtues simply record a limit to the edge levels that your
character can possess.

Srevomc "Unused" Yervue Pomrrs

You can also take a different approach to acquiring
edges with your character's Virtue points, pending Story-
teller approval. You don't have to save up Virtue points to
buy the next highest edge in a path. You can spend Virtue
points as your character gets them to acquire lower level
edges in various paths.

If your Redeemer has 2 Mercy and the level-one Re-
deemer Edge, he doesn't have enough points to get the
level-two Redeemer Edge (or any level-two Mercy Edge, for
that matter). However, he can spend his second "unused"
Mercy point to acquire a level-one power from a different
Mercy path, from either Innocent or Martyr.

A Judge with 9 Zeal has the level-three Judgment edge,
but doesn't have enough points to gain the level-four (he
needs a total of 10 Zeal to have that edge). However, he has
never picked up any low-level edges from the other two Zeal

paths, and his player decides to do so now. He has three
"unused" Zeal points (his first six have been dedicated to his
levels one through three Judgment edges). His player spends
one Zeal on the level-one Avenger edge, and two more on
the level-two Avenger edge.

Buying lower level Edges with "unused" Virtue points
comesata price (isn't there alwaysaprice?). The points must
now be labeled as "spent." They cannot count toward your
character's Virtue total when you try to gain the next edge
along a path. The Redeemer in the example above has
"spent" his unused second Mercy point. That means it isn't
counted when he seeks to gain the level-two Redeemer edge.

Rather than need the normal 3 Mercy for that power, he now
needs 4 Mercy.

The Judge in the example above has now "spent" his
three unused Zeal points. They can't be counted toward
getting his level-four Judgment edge. Since Virtues only go
to 10, the Judge can never get that level-four power. How-
ever, he has two new lower-level edges for his trouble.

To indicate that a Virtue point has been spent on an
edge, put a check mark in the "Spent" column of your
character sheet, next to the Virtue point in question. This
column is an easy means to keeping a record of how you have
dedicated your character's Virtue points.

Spending unused Virtue points provides your character
with a broad base of edges with which to face the unknown.
Access to these various edges may save his life. However,
dedicating "unused" Virtue points also keeps your character
from attaining the most potent edges in a single path. It's a
trade-off: versatility versus focus. Your character can con-
tinue to assign "unused" Virtue points to low-level edges that
he doesn't already have as long as his character's highest
rated edge in his primary path is not exceeded by the level of
any other power. That's the limit to which you can broaden
your character's scope under any circumstance.

Game Yer uss AN EDces

You get three Virtue points to assign at character
creation. More may be acquired during play through risking
Conviction (see p. 136). Virtue ratings cannot be increased
with experience points (p. 140). Virtues represent your
character's goals in the hunt, which he strives for only
through the act of hunting itself. Increasing Virtues there-
fore happens simply by doing, not through any specific
study, practice or education. Those kinds of efforts are the
realms of experience points, which may be spent to increase
your character's more mundane Traits such as Attributes
and Abilities.

Because edges are purchased with Virtues, new edges do
not manifest in your character unless her Virtues increase
sufficiently. See Conviction and Chapter 5 for information
on how new edges are gained.

Ener Costs Caner

Level of Edge
One
Two
Three

Four

One
Two
Three
Four

Five

Virtue Point Cost per Level

Total Virtue Points Required
One
Three
Six
Ten


ey, Bg tee es Pee, ES ey By

-JopuNsHUT UDYO a8 JA dy} UT SYISUd] YoNs 02 03 OYM pur
siytay ioensqe Yons avaryse oYM szarUNy Ietp AION

{2 |p! spuers ay a]!4Ya ssajasuajap ayp Uodn Aaud sanisonsuoUE
yorem panqui! ue ues 3u0] Mopy :201Nd peIOW WMO SIT sey
yuauramay 19x "Aarues pue (anuapt peuosiad ureas or ysTyM
4q sueaur snorssuod Ayuo ayp st Ayaz9jdwio9 quny ap Buruop
-uege ‘sawaWOg ‘apesnsd sty sanUTUOD JOIUNY ayp se BU]
se asisiod anq ‘speuorssajoad Aq poavan pur posouseip 9g u9aa
deur stuswosuesg "Arpeauaw auny ay jo ano wry sdeus
dey? Suyyiouios — asinod s,1a15eIeYD INOA S49] YY INI
quaaa SurAow! 10 Surzneumen ApUdtoyyNs ouLos yt APU Inq
ya ae ‘uMpuddxa soMody]1 yh pue
Surdefdajor ySnomp paretaayye aq ues swuswasueI9g

‘uonianosip ,19]]91440

Aanuapt jo
adueyp yenpesd pue quauisBuesap s,za}ELeYD anos Aejdaor
Ajpatuyap pynoys no "[eNUaNbasuosU! Was Poos U
Ja ays QuowAo|dusa se Yons sua2U09 -eUONIpEL

-Als|p aue sanea saw "apIse ysed ase sau paac7 "sIUN]
Mo sty pue Awaua ayy jo nsind sty Ur ay!jauTYysew ysow]e
Surwosaq yas yuny atp 40} aouarajaud ur Gnuapr uM
sty Uopuege o2 susaq JaIDeIVYD ANOJ "UORsanb uF anUIA,
pores-ysiy ay) pue Arnuapr saaieseyo anod ans pynoys
J] UoJssasqo 20 EFUB IND sip susisse s9]]a1A4401g 9Y |
*(€07 "d a9s) Ayjeonewome ywowasueop
B sured sajeIeYD INOA "axyeos9Yy2 pouTES autod Yy>e 10
pur ‘Ao1apq 40 worst, ‘[eaz J ay "orerpaurunt azow yonw are
sii] asap Bunsa jo suonesyrues aya 4aAaMop] ‘UMOUxUN
dy UT ayeme [eIIUDI0d panquit o2 sau] ay ‘Is1X9 02 UOSeaZ
soyio Aue Jo 40} 1Y8Y 02 asf BuNPou YAIM asoyp 405

-Araaseur aatsny> "ysy]as
due Suinsind ueyp soyper spusiy pue Ayurey Bund9I00d
Sysiu 02 aysiu y ayew or Burd Ajduns arp asoyy "O]
jo Sunes oat, & uo dapiad saquny jo a]seuurd ayp aaaryoe
J9A9 dy P[NOYs — pasind 10 — passa]q st ar DeILYD INO
pear siy puosag st anq
sasixa sasuas ay yeyp samod 01 sueauL & 104 sayDIeas IsTUIXA
Aaenjos & wey tUHE]D sapea L9yR0 T]NIg
‘oy jo yaueas
ueyp zayzes sana 202up [Je
jo sidadse ]]e z92seut 0 ano 39s
A1ayp Jo Stunde aA1B sa1s01s au wey
jo adojaaus ayp ysnd 02 ay8nos aavy sjenpiarpur azer AjBut
-P2ddX9 ASO" ‘PjOI JO UMOUY saeyM WOIy "9DUAIsIxXo BUNA
Apuaiedde s,ainyjno panquit ur areas siya paaaiype aavy 01
paroadsns aze ajdoad 9} ¥ Ajo zy 21 sey JOUNNA 9UITUT

aquny sarvasd YA JO

duo aaey pangun asoyp Aes s194Q :(aU0 ISN
[ny O2 ‘suuaa aweS Uy) UNY ay
avy

Jpasoddns sayuny awo

snoue, "aqedeo are

-uewiny aaa ta8uo] ou sdeyiad pue
— Aypeap ‘pauruuarap ‘Suonspeay ‘ssa]qaru are ajdoad yong
"yjas auny ayp sawiosag Ayyer9ay] sazUNY ay J "aouaIsTxa 19,
01 Surueat AyUO ays ‘uoIssasqo Jay saWIOdaq BUNUN "(91 JO
Suner anit, v) aysiu ayp asurede apesnuo ayp ul jo ajqudes
s} Suraq ueumy e IeYM jo SUN] ay2 aaatyse AJaeUN]N
dew ayg

Spa areansuawnWo> oy |]e pue Sunes ant, Yysry
e surene Ajjemmuaas — (Jeaz) Jemeuadns ay Suldonsop
se yons epuase auo Ayuo sansind Apouas oy a0 — ant,
aytoads B 0 paroaap sdiuny Y "9a1yp [[e 10 — Jnpomod
{194 40 Axon] ABA *pazpPys AIA sta] ayB 1192 02 SAI]
pue ppiom ayp jo siouoy aya sypeas oy saroeeEyD y

2018 HOI J0S3OHRNDISHO 2H


——

a

a

stood by lessers. Absolute devotees begin to perceive
agendas that lowly hunters cannot comprehend. Releas-
ing poison gas to get at corporate shapechangers might
seem reasonable to the extremist Judge who seeks "the
greater good." A Visionary who begins to recognize pat-
terns in the crusade that are inconceivable to others may
demand that his plans be followed, despite the cost in lives
and resources. A Martyr who measures sacrifice as the
ultimate release from the supernatural may take it upon
himself to "sacrifice" the unwilling. These extremists'
objectives can simply overstep any limits that most hunt-
ers understand, .

In a world where the populace at large has no idea of
the truth, where the authorities are controlled by the
enemy, and where hunters bear their burden alone, the
imbued must police themselves. Chosen who go too far or
who lose perspective can become the targets of their own
kind. More than one rogue or extremist has been brought
down by his fellows.

Conicr ion

Your character's inner strength and drive for the hunt
is measured in terms of Conviction. This Trait is rated
from 1 to 10 and rises and falls quickly as itis risked, spent
and regained. All of the imbued have Conviction; it is
imparted to them along with Virtues and edges when they
are chosen.

Normal people and supernatural creatures do not
possess Conviction. Indeed, the Trait can be used only in
relation to hunters' edges, to "fuel" those powers with a
character's reserves; to resist influence and control by
creatures' powers; and to heighten hunter senses to the
presence of the supernatural. Your hunter character pos-
:s Willpower, too, but that Trait cannot be applied to
gain automatic successes or to accomplish any feat wherein
hunter edges are concerned. Such effects are the exclusive
functions of Conviction. By contrast, Willpower applies
when hunters perform "mundane" actions such as jumping
between buildings, lifting heavy objects or staying awake.
Conviction has no effect over those efforts that the hu-
man body can accomplish all on its own.

Your character has a starting Conviction rating based
on his creed. This amount may be increased during char-
acter creation through the expenditure of freebie points.

Cowvicrion Cuancss

When hunters make contact with the supernatural and
use their edges, Conviction tends to rise and fall quickly. Keep
a careful record of your character's current Conviction score.
It could mean the difference between his life and death.
Spending a Conviction point or risking points in an
edge roll, as explained below, is considered a reflexive action

(see p. 167).

Sraome Comcrion

Conviction makes it possible for hunters to wage
their war. Whereas normal people without the Trait
would be driven mad with fear by monsters or would be
completely vulnerable to the supernatural, Conviction
gives hunters a fighting chance. Spending one Convic-
tion point bestows the following benefits on your character
for the duration of the scene.

Note that if no Conviction is spent for your charac-
ter, he receives none of these benefits and is considered a
normal person for the purposes of supernatural effects
That means his mind, emotions and body can be con-
trolled by monsters with such powers. That also means
he's oblivious to, stupefied by or terrified by monsters'
appearance. The typical result is running in terror, ratio-
nalizing away the scene to make some mundane sense of
it, or putting events completely out of mind as if they
never happened.

Also, spending Conviction to get the following ben-
efits does not interfere with your character's one
opportunity per scene to risk Conviction in an edge-related
roll (see p. 136).

Perception: Your character is able to perceive super-
natural entitics that might not otherwise be visible to
him. Hunters call this ability second sight. Some mon-
strosities are easy to spot. Shapechangers in horrid
man-beast forms are clearly not human. Shambling corpses
out to feed on the emotions of hapless victims stand out
clear as day — or night. Conviction isn't necessary to
recognize the monsters that any person could see. How-
ever, a Conviction point allows your character to detect
the presence of monsters hidden in his vicinity, where he
can see naturally. For example, a creature using powers or
magic to disguise itself or hide in plain sight becomes
visible to your character.

Second sight is also invaluable to the imbued in that
it allows them to recognize all supernatural creatures as
not human or not living in some way. The entries, below,
expand upon this hunter vision, and detail the powers
that come with second sight.

© Spirits or ghosts present in the material world
appear physical to your character. They may be obviously
dead — burned, broken, decayed, wounded or dismem-
bered, or they may look like perfectly ordinary people, but
a hunter knows they are not natural. The recently dead
are often difficult to distinguish from the living, espe-
cially if they bear no obvious deathmarks and wear modern
clothes. Yet hunters with second sight recognize an un-
healthy pallor, detect the scent of the grave or feel a cold
breeze. Although these signs indicate the supernatural,
they don't automatically reveal the true nature of the
creature. Edges that specifically identify the supernatural
may be required to'actually recognize a restless spirit for
what it is.

Re ed SL es Nees oe Ee

as

7
,
:


}

Renormcwra Coxnicr ion

Spending a point of Conviction in a scene helps
protect your character from the powers, deceptions
and control of monsters. However, it's costly and
exhausting for a hunter to expend Conviction every
time he enters a new locale or the scene changes. Not
even crippling paranoia can sustain your character's
Conviction supply when points are spent constantly.

Because stories about hunters who run in fear from
the supernatural would be no fun to tell, the Story-
teller has the option of allowing characters to use
Conviction to react to monsters rather than always
spending a point at the beginning of each scene. That
you don't have to spend Conviction for your char-
acter to perceive or resist monsters ina scene until the
moment of exposure. A glimmering shadow warns
your hunter of danger. The lingering smell of the grave
suggests the presence of the walking dead. Bizarre,
errant thoughts signal mental intrusion by creatures
that can manipulate minds. The Storyteller relates the
signs of trouble, if any. Whatever the warning or
signal, your character may react by using his second
sight and defenses to protect himself. For you, that
means spending a point of Conviction when trouble is
apparent, not knee-jerk with each new room or hour.

To spend Conviction in time to respond to signs
of the supernatural, roll Intelligence, Perception or
Wits + primary Virtue rating, difficulty 6. The Story-
teller decides which Attribute applies to the roll based
on the stimulus that warns of trouble — an educated
guess (Intelligence), physical indications (Perception)
ora simple "danger sense" (Wits). The Storyteller may
also replace your character's primary Virtue rating
with Alertness, Awareness or Intuition, again depend-
ing on what form warning signs take.

The Storyteller even has the option of making a
reaction roll resisted against a creature's Stealth or
against a roll for any power the creature uses in your
character's presence. A subtle attempt to influence
your character's mind might go completely unnoticed.
In some cases, the Storyteller may make "Conviction
reaction rolls" on your behalf, in anticipation of a
failure or botch, in which case your hunter never
realizes that a monster is at work or affects him.

Allowing characters to activate second sight reac-
tively to warning signs, rather than proactively as a
constant defense, is up to the Storyteller. It allows
players to reserve precious Conviction for when it's
really needed, and can add an element of fear and chill
tostories. Approving Conviction reactions also allows
the Storyteller to introduce creatures without warning
characters; a ghost might lurk about the imbued but

make no overtures and draw no attention to itself.
Characters without active second sight probably don't
see or sense the presence unless the Storyteller calls for
reaction rolls. Who knows what the spirit can learn
about or do to the hunters, just because players want to
save their Conviction for when they think it's neces-

sary.

If some hunters recognize supernatural danger
(their reaction rolls succeed) and others don't (their
rolls fail), the Storyteller decides if Conviction can be

spent for all. Alert hunters may warn allies. However,
supernatural activities may be too isolated, subtle or
quick for "slow" hunters to respond. The result may be
some imbued who can see and deal with the enemy,
while others act like normal humans in monstrous
presence — they probably run in fear, stand slack-
jawed or become subject to hysteria. Such is the price
of trying to preserve Conviction points at the expense
of safety.

If "reactive" Conviction is used in a game, all
players should know in advance. Characters are still
free to activate second sight and related defenses at will
(players spend one Conviction each, normally), but
reactive rolls do offer some kind of backup.

© Spirits or beings that possess or hide within human
hosts appear as images superimposed upon their human
victims. Seeing a possessor doesn't immediately allow the
hunter to harm the intruder, but he knows it's there.

© Beings that masquerade as humans or that assume
human appearance or form register as not human. The true
(super)nature of the creature is not revealed — that's the
purview of edges such as Discern, Witness and IIluminate— but
the being comes across as inhuman. Perhaps your hunter gets a
chillin thecreature's presence, the "person" shimmersstrangely,
a shadow is cast across it in broad daylight, or a horrific visage
momentarily obscures its otherwise human face.

This sense for the inhuman applies even to those crea-
tures that look like ordinary people in every conceivable
way. A witch or warlock might be completely mortal and
ostensibly indistinguishable from everyday people, yet a
hunter with active second sight knows the person is wrong.
A skinchanger in human form appears unremarkable, but
stands out as unclean to hunters with second sight.

However, second sight does not explain or reveal how
these human-seeming beings are "wrong." Edges that distin-
guish among supernatural beings for what they really are
required to know more about a subject.

© Your character is also immune to illusory powers. He
can see through artificial hallucinations. Creatures attempt-
ing to hide in plain sight are completely obvious. Ifa creature
creates a false image, sound, smell, taste or tactile surface —
something that has no substance or is not genuine — it is
clearly unteal to your character.


HUNTER: THERECKONING

Devecrme Fetcow Homers

Second sight does not indicate another imbued as
anything other than human, unless the imbued plays his
hand. No auras, flashes of power or strange images
appear to an imbued looking upon one ofhisown, unless
the subject activates an edge. Likewise, no power —not
even Discern, Witness or Illuminate — reveals "inac-
tive" hunters as such; they look perfectly normal to any
chosen with these powers. Perhaps the only means by
which they might sense each other's presence, that is
n not demonstrating edges, is through the Aware-
y (see p. 106), and even that is at Storyteller
discretion, based on the circumstances.

Most hunters insist on their humanity, despite
their fantastic capabilities, and point to their "anonym-
ity" to the sight as proof of it. They are not supernatural
creatures, only blessed (or condemned) by some higher

power, a mutation or by evolution, whatever is appro-
priate totheir beliefs about hunter origins. Other imbued
have trouble with such stark contrasts between them-
selves and their supernatural counterparts, and wonder
where the line is really drawn.
The lack of any means to recognize fellow hunters
| for and identifying each other. They must make over-
j Self-Control: Supernaturally imposed fear does not

means that the imbued must be proactive in searching
tures to achieve contact or they overlook each other
amid the defenseless.

affect your character when you spend a point of Conviction
Horrific scenes of twisted man and creature, poltergeist
activity or inexplicable imagery might be frightening, but
they do no drive your character away involuntarily or deter
his actions in any way.

© Similarly, your character remembers his experiences
with horrific creatures when his mind might otherwise shut
out memories for sanity's sake. He carries on, but that doesn't
mean the lingering images are any less disturbing or haunting

© Your character is immune to any form of supernatural
mind ot emotion control. His will cannot be overridden.

* Efforts to control your character's body through force
of will alone or to possess it in any way fail automatically.

Cowcecn Derarses

The protection offered hunters by Conviction allows
them to wage their war against the supernatural, to remain
above monsters' control and influence. Conviction can't be
spent to protect a character all the time, though; points
simply run out, and the hunter is left exhausted. Hunters,
like all people, also have to sleep, and they're just as vulner-
able as everyone else when they do. If a hunter is ever
exposed to supernatural mind, emotion or body control
while his defenses are down, he is subject to those powers as
is any human (unless the Storyteller allows some kind of
instinctual spending of Conviction — see the Reacting with
Conviction sidebar).


Most influence powers have short-term effects; the crea-
ture controls or uses the vulnerable hunter's mind or body for
a moment or a few minutes. The effect ends quickly. Other
mind- or body-influence powers have long-term effects —
they last for hours, days or even weeks. A defenseless hunter
affected by one of these powers could suffer supernatural
influence for some time. However, if a Conviction point is
spent for the character during that period, one of two things
can happen, as chosen by the Storyteller: Either the protec-
tion offered by Conviction breaks long-term supernatural
control, and the hunter has complete self-control thereafter;
or the character has complete self-control for the duration of
the scene in which Conviction is spent. When that scene
ends, the monster's mind or body influence resumes.

Imagine a ghost that climbs into a hunter's body while
she sleeps, and that subtly manipulates her waking actions.
Perhaps the ghost can even hide its presence for some time.
However, when a Conviction point is spent for the charac-
tertoactivate her defenses for whatever reason, the Storyteller
decides thar the ghost is suddenly ejected from the unwitting
host. Imagine her horror!

Now imagine a bloodsucker that implants a suggestion
in an unwitting hunter's mind (no Conviction has been
spent to protect the character in that scene). The victim is
commanded to leak information about fellow hunters via
email, over a period of several days. During that time, a point
of Conviction is spent for the character to activate second
sight and protection against another monster. The Story-
teller decides that the infusion of energy keeps the character
from revealing secrets for that scene. However, he resumes
selling out his friends afterward.

The Storyteller also has the option of alerting hunters
to any unwitting supernatural influence when a Conviction
point is spent. The sudden realization allows a character to
get help or seek to free himself, even if outside control will
resume when the current Conviction point "wears off."

Consider the mole in the example above. He's been
blindly revealing information about his hunter allies when
a point of Conviction is spent for him to deal with an
unrelated creature. The Storyteller decides in the moment
of clarity that the hunter recognizes his indiscretions of the
past few days. Horrified, he realizes he's under supernatural
control but can't shake the enthrallment. Conviction can
keep being spent to protect him, but the character's pool
dries up eventually. He may also turn to fellow hunters for
help, but will still seek to leak information when his Convic-
tion runs out. Perhaps hunter allies have to lock up the
character for his — and their — own good. Maybe they go
in search of the character's tormentor, and must leave the
victimized hunter behind as a potential liability.

The Storyteller has complete freedom to decide how
supernatural control or influence powers — especially long
term ones — interact with hunter's Conviction defenses.
You should certainly obey the guidelines of the opposing
effects, but should err on the side of your story whenever in
doubt. Ifa cool turn of events — and a traumatic revelation
—comes from a clash of, say, mind control and Conviction
use, run with it as long as the players have fun with the game.

|
tL

‘Sronvvetize Prenogartv

Spending a point of Conviction to give a hunter
second sight and protection against mental, emotional
and bodily influence is a pretty potent defense against
the supernatural. When hunters go up against lowly
vampires, newly risen zombies, recently dead ghosts or
novice warlocks, that protection is fair and gives the
imbued a fighting chance. However, should an initiate
hunter be able to stand up to an ancient vampire — a
veritable force of supernature — and automatically
resist its mind-control attempts just because a point of
Conviction is spent? Probably not.

Such scenarios are the very reason the Storyteller
has control over how effective second sight and its
related protection really is. Sure, second sight should
reveal monsters as inhuman. Sure, hunters' resilience
should protect them against ghosts' possession or emo-
tion-control attempts. But should the imbued always be
immune, even against an ages-old foe? That's for the
Storyteller to decide. He has the authority to test the
efficacy of second sight and hunter self-control. If a
lowly hunter faces a mighty zombie master, the Story-
teller can call for a primary Virtue roll. That is, the
player rolls his character's primary Virtue rating against
a difficulty set by the Storyteller (6 fora rather powerful
enemy; perhaps 8 fora titanic one). The Storyteller may
even make this roll on players' behalf if he doesn't want
to alert characters to trouble in case rolls fail or botch.

If the roll succeeds, the hunter is able to perceive
the inhumanity of the creature in question. His mental
and bodily protections also function; the benefits of
spending a point of Conviction apply as normal.

Spending Willpower should not provide an auto-
matic success in Virtue rolls. Willpower is the province
of the character's mortal, human side, not his
otherworldly, imbued aspect.

Ifa Virtue roll fails, the hunter does not have what
it takes to perceive the ancient evil as a danger. The
potent creature can hide in plain sight, right before the
hunter'seyes. Itmay also impose its will upon histhoughts,
emotions and body. The hunter is the equivalent of a
normal, mortal human before that supernatural foe.

Aftera failed roll, it's up to the Storyteller to decide
whether subsequent primary Virtue rolls can be made to
see a formidable opponent or to resist its control.
Perhaps such a villain's initial effort to affect a hunter
likewise fails. Now that the imbued is aware of the
danger he's in, the Storytellerallows another Virtue roll
(maybe at a higher difficulty than before). Or failing a
Virtue roll says it all for a hunter's chance of defying
that awesome enemy; the creature can have its way with
the character for the remainder of the scene.

~~


Note that failing a primary Virtue roll to resist a
single daunting opponent doesn't make the hunter
vulnerable to all monsters in the same scene, just the
powerful one. Furthermore, the Discern, Witness and
Iluminate edges could allow a hunter to see a power-
ful monster —even when second sight does not— but
the hunter isstill exposed to its mental, emotional and
bodily influence.

If a hunter's Virtue roll against a fierce creature
botches, any number of effects could take place. The
character is essentially helpless against the
abomination's powers. Reduce the difficulties of the
creature's actions against the character. Increase the
character's edge difficulties against all supernatural
beings for the remainder of the scene. Or deny the
character any investiture of Conviction points into
any edges used against the imposing creature (if any
can be used against it at all).

Failing or botching a Virtue roll against an an-
cient creature applies to that scene only. A hunter
isn't vulnerable to that creature for all time thereafter
(unless a botch is really severe...) Next scene, if a
ful Virtue roll is made, a hunter could perceive
and protect himself against the being as he could any
lesser monster.

One of the repercussions of primary Virtue rolls is
that some hunters in a group are able to contend with
apotentenemy, whereas others cannot. Allies can tell
a"blind" hunter where the enemy figure is, but he may
not be able to see it or see it as anything but human,
and he is completely prone to any control powers it
possesses. Imbued can therefore be turned against
imbued. Helpless hunters may have to be protected by
their allies. Such is the fate of the chosen who plunge
into the depths of the World of Darkness to meet its
most heinous denizens. The Storyteller may even
want players and characters to learn that some evils
are more than even the imbued can face.

Are there any other instances in which second
sight and self-control can fail a hunter? That depends
on the drama that the Storyteller wants to create.
When characters go hunting for the first time, the
Storyteller may require primary Virtue rolls for char-
acters to perceive or resist any kind of monster. First
forays against the supernatural are dangerous due to
hunters' lack of experience. The Storyteller could also
call for such a roll under traumatizing circumstances.
If a hunter is suddenly confronted by his daughter-
turned-bloodsucker, he may not be able to resist her
powers. Dramatic impact should dictate when even
these innate hunter defenses and abilities could fail.

Rerwarmetbess

Conviction can also be spent point by point to activate
or power certain edges, usually potent ones. Chapter 5
describes the edges that make such demands. This expendi-
ture does not count as your character's one opportunity per
scene to risk Conviction in an edge-related roll (see below).
Indeed, your character might activate an edge that requires
aConviction expenditure, and he might risk further Convic-
tion points in a die roll made with that same edge.

Raskin Conver t0x

Conviction points can be gambled to achieve increased
success when using edges. Your character literally invests his
wherewithal for the hunt into an edge. The effort can reap
fantastic rewards as his hunter power becomes amazingly
potent and his desire to continue on against the unknown is
bolstered. However, investing Conviction can also exhaust
your character if his effort fails, leaving him drained and
vulnerable. The results are even more devastating on a
botched roll.

All hunters appear to possess this capacity; the chance
to put everything into one focused "punch." Hunters specu-
late about where this ability comes from and why they're able
todo it. Ultimately, they're left as baffled by it as they are by
the imbuing itself. Hunters simply realize instinctively that
they have potential energy to spare in the fight against the
supernatural. The wise and deliberate learn when to reserve
that power — and when to unleash it.

Once per scene, you can invest any or all of your
character's current Conviction points into a single roll
related to an edge. These points cannot be divided up into
separate rolls; they can be applied to only one. Each point
risked adds one die to your edge dice pool. The resultant pool
increases your character's chance for success in the action.

Your Avenger might use Cleave against a disembodied
spirit, and you can invest Conviction points to add extra
dice to a single attack roll. The Conviction dice are simply
added to his normal Dexterity + Melee pool for the attack.
Any successes gained are in turn applied to damage. Your
Redeemer could cry out "No!" as a speeding car bears down
on her, and she averts catastrophe. You can invest Convic-
tion points to add dice to your Bluster roll — Wits + Mercy
—and escape harm by causing the vehicle to careen around
your character. Or you can invest Conviction points in a
Ward roll, increasing the number of dice rolled to determine
if your Defender can keep monsters at bay. Rolls made with
edges are explained under the power descriptions them-
selves in Chapter 5. ;

The Storyteller has final say about what kinds of rolls
apply to edges and what kinds do not. Asa rule of thumb, any
roll made to perform a mundane action — something a
normal person could do — is not eligible for Conviction
bonus dice. Conviction cannot help your character swim for
shore, but it can help her escape the notice of a monster
through the Hide edge, for example.


Note that investing Conviction does not award an selves determines whether bonus Conviction is gained. Even

automatic success as spending Willpower does. There are no a well-roleplayed turn of events, in which Conviction is
automatic successes where bizarre powers and fighting crea-. _ gambled on a edge roll, may award you bonus points. You may
tures of the night are concerned. Rather, risking Conviction petition for extra Conviction after a gamble, and must explain
improves your character's chances of success through the why you should get it, but the Storyteller has final say.
simple odds of rolling more dice. A very good roll can be far No more than three points should ever be awarded for
more rewarding than any automatic success gained through —_any successful Conviction investment. Indeed, a character
Willpower would be. A very bad roll can be disastrous. should put aside his own life for the cause, another person or
Ultimately, your hunter is on his own, whether his action being, or should change the course of his very existence to
has the desired result or not. win three points.
Successrut Gawetss : FaucoGawetss

Success or failure in a bolstered edge roll determines Ifa boosted edge dice pool fails —no successes are rolled
whether your character gains or loses Conviction. If the — your character loses all of the Conviction points that you
boosted dice pool results in a success, no matter how mar- invested in the roll. Record his diminished Conviction
ginal or resounding, your character retains any of the score. He loses spirit for the fight, and the reserves with
Conviction you invested, and he gains an extra point. which he may continue on against the supernatural dwindle.

Record his new Conviction score on your sheet. Your
character's commitment to the hunt is tested and he proves
worthy. His confidence to continue fighting is affirmed and
he has more energy to do so.

I's dangerous to risk all of your character's Conviction
points ina single roll. If it fails, he literally has no "fire" left
todeploy against the enemy. Likewise, he has no Conviction
left with which to perceive monstrosities, to protect his own

If Conviction points are invested in a resisted roll will or to activate some edges (as accomplished by spending
against an enemy, your character must win the contest to Conviction points, above). A hunter with 0 Conviction is

ain his Conviction and to win an extra point. Generally practically a normal human, vulnerable to whatever the
speaking, use of an edge must have a result or impact togain _night holds.

Conviction points from the effort. Achieving successes in
an edge roll, but accomplishing nothing with the effort —
such as investing Conviction in a Witness roll, but perceiv-
ingnothing supernatural ina locale— garners no Conviction
points. The effort is considered a failure. (Storytellers, the
need to accomplish something with an invested roll keeps
players from abusing Conviction constantly, trying to in-
crease it gratuitously.)

Depending on the drama or gravity of a situation in
which a Conviction gamble succeeds, the Storyteller has the
option of awarding more than one Conviction point. If your
Innocent character dares use Hide to enter a vampire lord's
lair and spy on the ancient creature, the Storyteller may
award you two or three bonus points fora successful Convic-
tion investment. If your Redeemer desperately needs proof
of a monster's buried humanity — before encroaching Zeal-
ots destroy the creature — the Storyteller may award you
two or three points when Conviction is risked in a successful
Insinuate roll. Or your Visionary character might have
tentatively convinced his fellow hunters that he knows the
key to defeating a zombie master, and it means running

Carasrrornie Gaweuzs

Botching an edge roll in which Conviction has been
invested is disastrous. Superficially, the effect seems innocu-
ous enough; no critical errors, blunders or mishaps occur when
a Conviction-invested roll botches (unless the Storyteller
wants them to). The hunter internalizes the catastrophe,
instead. Your character loses all of his current Conviction.
The fuel for his resilience and powers is lost temporarily, as
described above for risking and losing all Conviction.

The instantaneous loss of all Conviction is devastating.
It's a step backward along your character's path as a hunter.
In roleplaying terms, his goal in the war may suddenly seem
hollow, obscure or futile. His efforts and accomplishments
thus far seem for naught — after all, don't the creatures just
keep coming? Just as you give meaning to the scores on your
sheet during character creation, complete loss of Conviction
should have meaning, too. Your character doesn't just pick
himself up, brush himself off and keep fighting; he suffers a
setback that must be overcome if he is to continue or survive
(see Regaining Conviction, below).

unarmed through a gauntlet of shamblers. Your character Storytellers should encourage players to roleplay such a
must anticipate every danger that could arise tomaintainhis downturn. Being utterly human — powerless and defenseless
allies' trust, so he triggers Foresee. Under these circum- — is a bleak reminder of how far a hunter has fallen when
stances, the Storyteller might award two or three points monstrous beings close in.
upon a successful Conviction gamble. Recammgaro Losing Convicrion

Awarding extra Conviction points is not based on the The most common way to regain Conviction is to invest

number of successes achieved on an invested edge roll. The it in an edge roll and succeed at the action — the points

roll may be marginal (one success) or remarkable (four or _ risked are kept and one or more is gained. Conviction can be
more successes). The significance of circumstances them-

CHAPYER4:THAYE HEARD THE MESSAGE

|

—


HUNTER: THERECKONING

Convicrtonand Convent ionat Successes o@F ALURES

Note that succeeding, failing or botching an
edge roll in which no Conviction is tisked has no
extraordinary consequences. The action takes effect,
does not ot blunders normally. No Conviction points
are gained or lost if you haven't risked Conviction in
an edge dice pool.

risked only once per scene, though, so there are limits to
what points can be recouped or increased in this way.

Conviction is meant to be reserved for desperate times,
as a hold-out weapon or defense against the supernatural.
Don't risk it in an edge roll every scene, whether monsters
are around or not, just because you want to gain more
Conviction. That's just a cheap way to power-up your
character. The Storyteller is free to deny any Conviction
investment that he feels is gratuitous or unjustified.

Besides, there are other, better, in-character means of
increasing Conviction:

© Your character's starting Conviction is listed in his
creed description. If his Conviction rating ever drops below
that level in a story, it returns to starting level at the

beginning of the next story (or even game session if the
Storyteller is generous). The Storyteller may limit this in-
crease if your character has been sufficiently traumatized or
demoralized recently on the hunt. A crippling setback can
paralyze your character for some time. A long period of
inactivity against the supernatural can also limit your
character's starting Conviction before a new story.

Alternatively, the Storyteller may raise your character's
Conviction rating to his starting level at the beginning of a
new scene rather than story. This increase represents a drastic
change in your character's spirit and drive, so it should be
justified in terms of events. Perhaps your character accom-
plishes a significant feat in keeping with his hunter agenda or
primary Virtue — and he does so by mundane means, without
the use of edges. Maybe having very low or no Conviction
reminds your character of human fragility, and that empathy
reinvigorates his passion for the hunt. Or, although heavy
handed, perhaps the Heralds are not yet ready to sacrifice their
soldier, and they bolster his Conviction.

(Note: During character creation, you may have spent
freebie points to raise your character's starting Conviction
above normal for his creed. His score does not revert to that
inflated rate when a new story or scene begins, it returns to

an ae

ss


aA 2 Be pat ge Bs

the normal starting level for his creed. Conviction acquired
with freebie points is a one-time purchase.)

© If your character performs an amazing feat against a
night-creature or uses an edge in an inventive way, he may
regain a point of Conviction at the Storyteller's discretion.
Cleave can be used to swing away at nightstalkers all night,
but using it to set drapes ablaze and drive the creatures off is
potentially far more meritorious. Such awards should not be
granted to a character more than once in a game session.

© Your character's Virtues indicate his goals in the hunt
— whether to destroy the supernatural, to learn the hunt's
ultimate purpose or to understand the enemy. Yourcharacter's
creed gives him direction and context in the hunt — the
approach he should take to fulfill the dictates of his Virtues;
perhaps to defend, redeem or envision all-new possibilities.

Your character may gain a Conviction point when he
exemplifies or fulfills his creed in a dramatic way. It's one thing
to be a violent Avenger. It's another to personally challenge
five zombies at one time and live to tell the tale. A Martyr can
always put himself in harm's way, but when he risks his very life
to find the decency within a monster, he goes above and
beyond the call of duty. The Storyteller decides if a worthy feat
is performed, but he should not award more than one point to.
a character this way per game session.

© Your character may gain a point of Conviction if she
convinces a hunter of another creed to pursue the purpose of
her own. The other hunter(s) must be set on a different course
of action, but your character convinces him of the superiority
of her personal agenda under those circumstances. A Vision-
ary might convince an Avenger and Judge to spare the enemy
to understand what its ultimate intent is. An Innocent might

convince a Redeemer that a mindless apparition isn't hurting
anyone and doesn't need to be "saved" from anything. Other
hunters usually have to defy or ignore the tenets of thei own
creeds to follow your character for her to gain Conviction in
this way. The Storyteller decides when this happens and
shouldn't award more than one point to a character by this
means in the same game session.

® (Optional) The Storyteller may take one or more
Conviction points away from your character if she decides that
your hunter strays drastically from his creed. A Visionary
whose first resort is consistently violence, rather than getting
to the root of a problem, isn't very insightful. An Innocent
who stands idly by while the defenseless or pure are corrupted
pays only lip service to sanctity. Such abuses are worthy of
punishment, and loss of Conviction points makes an in-
game statement.

The Storyteller ultimately should use her story as the
barometer for the rate at which Conviction is regained (or
taken away). If characters get their asses kicked repeatedly,
despite planning and prudent action, maybe they deserve
more Conviction. Likewise, if the dice are simply against the
characters and Conviction is lost fast and furious, extra
points might be regained simply by virtue of their persis-

CHAPTER:

tence. After all, Conviction can mean the difference be-
tween life and death for hunters.

The Storyteller can also be absolutely stingy with Con-
viction if characters win it hand over fist through their own
actions. The general rule is: Help players have fun and respect
the needs of the story. Don't ruin the players' good time by
spoiling or shirking them, and don't abandon the mood or
theme of the story by being too generous or too frugal.

Maxec Our

Conviction is rated 1 to 10. What happens when your
character reaches 10 Conviction? He become stronger. You
may cash those Conviction points in for an extra Virtue point
of your choice. Whether Zeal, Vision or Mercy, it doesn't
matter. However, you must observe the limit set by your
character's primary Virtue: His other Virtue ratings cannot
exceed his primary Virtue score (although they can match it).

This extra Virtue point is gained immediately, not at the
end of the current story. You can add the point to any Virtue,
butyoushould make the choice in keepingwith yourcharacter's
identity, self-chosen mission, the events that led up to the
bonus orsimply in relation to the current story. Gaininganew
Virtue point is like assigning any Trait to your persona during
character creation; his scores should have meaning.

Your character might be low on Mercy, and you've been
eyeing the level-two Martyr edge, buthe maxes out Conviction
and gains an extra Virtue point while in a rage against
shapechanging murderers. Does it really make sense that he
gains Mercy? A staunch Defender can always use more points
in Zeal, but if he maxes out Conviction while trying to learn a
bloodsucker's origin, he might gain a point of Vision, instead.

The Storyteller might even restrict which Virtue in-
creases. Ifthe mood ofhisstory isself-sacrifice, and Storyteller
cha

cters have been giving of themselves all story long, he
might require that you take a point of Mercy, not Zeal.

It's also possible to hold onto your character's 10 Con
viction, opting to not cash it in right away. He might need
all the Conviction he can get in an impending confronta-
tion with a zombie lord. Once at 10, your character gains no
more Conviction; any that would normally be won through
risked rolls or exemplary actions are wasted. However, you
have potential access to a large number of extra dice when
making edge rolls. The danger is failing such a roll and losing
any Conviction risked, or botching and losing all 10 of your
character's current Conviction. In either case, your charac-
ter gains no extra Virtue point. That's the risk you take for
riding the high of your character's enthusiasm for the hunt.
He may crash and burn just as emphatically.

You can also spend any Conviction while your character
has a rating of 10, perhaps to activate a specific edge or to
utilize second sight. Your character's Conviction score drops
appropriately, so you can't trade in and can't gain more
Virtues till his Conviction score returns to 10, at which time
you can cash it in.

HAVEHEARD YHE MESSAGE


VER: THE RECKONING

When you turn in your 10 Conviction, your character
returns to his starting Conviction rating, based on his creed.
If you spent freebie points to increase starting Conviction
during character creation, your character does not resume
that inflated level now. He has the standard starting Convic-
tion rating for his creed. Your character then begins to gain
or lose Conviction all over again and may max out once more
if he's lucky — and survives.

Gaining Virtue points means your character may be
eligible for new edges. He must have enough Virtue points to
afford a new power: | fora level-one edge, a total of 3 toachieve
a level-two, a total of 6 for a level-three or a total of 10 for a
level-four power. Or, youcan simply spend the point to acquire
a low-level edge from any of the creed paths under the Virtue
in question. Your character might now have 2 Zeal — not
enough to afford a level-two Zeal edge, but enough to acquire
another level-one edge from the Avenger, Defender or Judge
paths that your character doesn't already have. (Be sure to
mark that new Zeal point as "spent"; it cannot be counted
toward your character's Virtue score when he wants to gain his
next highest edge. If you later want a level-two Zeal edge, your
character must have 4 Zeal, not 3.)

Manifesting new edges in-game is discussed in Chapters
5 and 8.

Heavy

The Health Trait is often called upon in the life of your
hunter. In their struggle against unknown forces, the imbued
are injured and lose health levels, then regain them when they
heal. The Health Trait comprises seven different levels of
injury, from Bruised to Incapacitated, with different dice-pool
penalties applicable to each. If your character is Injured,
subtract one die from his pools. If your character is Crippled,
subtract five dice from his pools. If these penalties leave a
character with no dice in a given dice pool, he cannot perform
that action. However, your hunter may summon up his re-
serves; you may spend a point of Willpower to ignore wound
penalties for one action. A character at Incapacitated is left

Ney Can ES Sy

effectively semi-conscious by his injuries and can only observe
his surroundings or whisper to another character.
Remember that wound penalties apply to hunters' con-
scious actions only. Purely reflexive, unconscious activities
—soaking, Willpower rolls or using Conviction — and their
dice pools, if any, are unaffected. The Storyteller ultimately
decides whether a roll is governed by injury penalties in
certain cases — the damage dice pool from a punch may be
reduced, but the damage pool from a firearm might not be.

XPERIENCE

The period following the imbuing is rife with horrific
revelations, burdensome awareness and soul-wrenching re-
vulsion. Your character must come to grips with how things
really are, the dangers that lurk around every corner, and
with her own freakish identity. If she can contend with all of
this trauma, she may have what it takes to become a hunter.
Probably the most humbling lesson she learns in her initial
foray is that she knows and can do so very little. If she wants
to survive this world and protect the things she cares for, she
must study, learn and improve — expand upon the capabili-
ties she already has and start from scratch with others.
Knowing how to drive is one thing; learning how to load and
fire heavy weaponry is another.

Such development is measured with experience points,
a reward system for lessons learned and abilities honed. The
Storyteller awards experience points to your character at the
end of each chapter or story. You may either spend these
points immediately to increase or acquire Traits, or save
them up for large expenditures. Keep a record of your
character's current experience score on her character sheet.

Experience points may be spent to increase existing
Attributes and Abilities, and to gain new Abilities. The costs
for these Traits are on p. 141, but keep in mind that no Trait
can be increased by more than one point in the aftermath of
a single story. Drastic changes take time.

Your character has Backgrounds from the start, from
before being imbued. They may not be increased with expe-

Heacrn Cuasr

Health Level Dice Pool Penalty

Movement Penalty

Slightly battered; your character suffers no movement or dice-pool penalties.

Hurt al
Injured -l
Wounded

Mauled

Crippled

Incapacitated

Extremely hurt;

Superficially hurt; your character suffers no movement penalties.

Hurt; your character's movement is impaired slightly (halve maximum running speed).
Significantly hurt; your character may not run, though he may still walk or jog.
Badly hurt; your character may hobble no more than three yards per turn.

our character may crawl no more than one yard per turn.

Direly hurt; possibly unconscious; your character may do nothing and may take no.

actions. If unconscious, only certain reflexives such as soak may be attempted.
What more is there to say? What will your next character be like?


ap 2 ee pet gs Os

rience points. They may, however, change through the
course of the chronicle as your character makes and loses
friends, vies for power or acquires new assets. The Storyteller
should always take into account how a character's Back-
grounds may change over time, based on what happens from
story to story.

Virtues, Conviction and edges cannot be increased,
improved upon or learned with experience points, either.
They are the mystifying province of the hunt itself, a condi-
tion of being imbued that is beyond even hunters' direct will.

The Storyteller always arbitrates how many experience
points are awarded and which Traits may be raised or pur-
chased. The Traits you improve should be based on the story
just told and your character's behavior in it. If your character
interrogated a reporter, you could improve or acquire Intimi-
dation. If your character has been working out or performed an
impressive feat of strength, her Strength Attribute could be
increased. However, a character who shoots first and asks
questions later probably shouldn't expect to learn much in the
way of Subterfuge or Empathy. Successful attempts at an
action aren't the only way to get better at an activity, either.
Failed efforts teach as much, if not more.

Players should be able to mold their characters into
desired images. It's the Storyteller's duty to help achieve this.
Part of that duty is to insist that players roleplay their
characters with the intent of improving specified Traits. The
Storyteller should always ask what characters learned in a
story, and whether players' proposed experience point allo-
cations reflect that development.

Rew Trans

Just as in real life, acquisition of new capacities takes
time and dedication. A character who hopes to learn a new
Ability must spend time learning and practicing, in addition
to any experience point requirement. Sometimes, the study
is simple (learning the basics of driving a car takes a day or
two). Sometimes it's complex (Japanese takes months of
concentrated effort to speak marginally well). The time and
effort that a Trait requires should always be invested before
it can be learned. In other words: Storytellers, don't let
characters manifest new Traits spontaneously!

Awaxome Exerntence Poms

Ac the end of each chapter (game session), the Story-
teller should award each player between one and five
experience points. The Storyteller should exercise caution
that she doesn't award too many points, making the charac-
ters advance too quickly. Yet she shouldn't be stingy, either.
Experience points should be awarded fairly, but characters
who take more risks and are more useful to the group should
receive more for their enhanced experiences. Use the follow
ing guidelines for experience-point distribution.

One Point— Automatic: Each character gets one point at
the end of each chapter, simply from experiencing the events.

One Point — Learning Curve: Ask the player what his
character learned in the course of the session's events. If
you agree with the answer, award the character one expe-
rience point.

One Point — Roleplaying: The player carried out the
role of her character well, not only entertainingly but appro-
priately. The player performed as the character would have
in those circumstances. Truly inspired roleplaying might
merit two experience points, but this should be a glorious
exception, not the rule.

One Point — Heroism: Hunters often face life-threat-
ening situations and risk their lives to let total strangers
escape certain death. If a character acts heroically and
manages to survive, he should be rewarded. Beware of Martyr
characters who take advantage of this rule; stupidity and
suicidal behavior should not be mistaken for heroism.

Te EM oF rie Srory

The Storyteller might also decide to give extra experi-
ence points at the end of astory, if the players have done their
part and the characters have faced substantial trials. Only a
few points should be awarded at this time, as they are
effectively "bonus points" for a job well done.

One Point — Success: The characters achieved all or
part of the goals they set out to accomplish. Even minor
victories can be rewarded if they pushed the story forward.

One Point — Danger: The characters survived against
harsh odds and mortal peril.

One Point — Wisdom: A player — and thus his charac-
ter—came up with a brilliant plan ora spontaneous strategy
that enabled the group to succeed when it would likely have
failed otherwise. .

More points can be awarded if you decide they shouldbe,
or if you want the characters to advance more quickly than
they currently do.

Execs Costs

Trait
New Ability 3
Attribute
Ability

Willpower

current rating x 4
current rating x 2
current rating

5

~— ee se wee et Be , ee

ee

EA TE ee hd

CHAPYER4:IHAVE HEARD THE MESSAGE



Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

Backward. Forwal

HTML site: [he]

Email Program

Subject: [Human Monsters ]

To: [hunter.list@hunter-net.org |

From: | dictatrix 11 ]

Copied To:| |

Get
Meee Messages

I learned about monsters long before I was imbued. You have experienced your own
horrors, so there is little need to recount mine about Bosnian prison camps. Now that |
am imbued, | wish I could stand before my tormentors again. I wonder how many among
them were not men at all, but the kinds of monsters I have found preying upon us all.

Ido not revel in pain. Nor do I carry lightly the scars upon my soul. Butas I have been
burdened already, I feel it incumbent upon me to accept the pain that others might know,
to lighten their burden. I cannot bring back your loved ones. I cannot mend your broken
lives. Yet perhaps in me you will find someone shattered beyond all hope of repair or
redemption. Perhaps seeing someone weaker will give you strength. While I grow strong,
you will become invincible.


a Ney Can a, Ge, Sr

HUNTER: YHERECKONING

OT

For then must he often have suffered since the
foundation of the world: but now once in the end of
the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the

sacrifice of himself.

— Hebrews 9:26

Edges are the bizarre and amazing capabilities granted to
(or imposed upon) hunters when they are imbued. Although
most hunters consider themselves to still be human, the
unnatural existence of their powers makes some wonder if
they're even people anymore. After all, what separates a
corpse that rises from the grave; a being that can literally
transform into an animal; and an individual obsessed with
stalking monsters, someone who wields freakish, incredible
weapons and who can heal himself instantaneously? That
just isn't normal — or pethaps not even human!

Dialogue on the few hunter forums such as hunter-net
goes this way and that about the source of edges — a term
coined by the people looking for sense and meaning in the

ae ae CE ay A. Cgeeet: nyt.

HAPTER 5
THE HUNTER'S
POWERS

rHec
CULL

powers they possess. Everyone and no one has an answer.
Some point to "logical" explanations such as diseases, un-
likely fluctuations in the ozone layer ot radioactive fallout
from secret government experiments. Others look beyond
this world for explanations: in a deity, aliens, the Devil or
simply in the end of the world. Ultimately, the source of and
reason for edges can never be known until the imbuing itself
—and who or what is behind it — is understood.

The bottom line is: Your character suddenly has unbe-
lievable powers. The moment he discovers them, the most
appalling abomination imaginable appears before him. Ev-
erything else seems to come naturally.


SA 2 Wee past gs Mees

bain Ebees

Your character's edges are assigned at character cre-
ation. Depending on the Storyteller's plan for the chronicle,
she may let you choose your character's edges in advance, as
part and parcel of your Virtues and creed. Or the Storyteller
may ask you to create an absolutely normal person. He stays
that way only until life as he knows it comes to an end in the
prelude. That's when the fireworks begin.

In the latter case, the Storyteller may assign your
character an initial edge once she knows how your character
responds to the supernatural. A violent reaction may em-
power him with a weapon. A scheming reaction may grant
hima stealthy power. A compassionate response may bestow
ahealing ability. Your character might not even realize that
he wields or utilizes the power until the moment of truth
(the prelude) is over. It's almost as if a divine hand reaches
down and reveals to your character a gift that he always had
He simply never knew he had it.

A character created wholly before play begins has a
similar experience: A power manifests spontaneously during
the prelude and helps the character fulfill the foremost goal
that he sets out to accomplish in the presence of evil.

After the prelude, no matter the approach to character
design, the rest of your character's starting edges manif
They appear through accidents, experimentation, conscious
effort to make something happen, seemingly spontaneous
events or during subsequent encounters with the unknown.
Your character might be at work, trying desperately to hold
his life and sanity together — when one of them walks past
office. Suddenly your character's computer shorts out or
k drawers open and shut by themselves in response to
your character's anger or anxiety; your character now knows
that there are more of them — and that he can do more, too.

All these events are ones that the Storyteller can
arrange with youas your character explores his own capabili-
ties. You may plot your own edge discoveries or may ask the
Storyteller to run events that you may react to realistically.
Perhaps a short sit-down after the prelude, but before the
first true game session, allows your character to manifest, use
and control his powers. Or maybe the Storyteller wants your
character to enter the first game session inexperienced with
his powers or unaware of their full extent. That would be one
eye-opening night of roleplaying. Ultimately, taking con-
trol of your character's edges is fundamental to his surviving
the hunt, and it should be accounted for in the story.

Game Mowe Eoces

Only a few powers are bestowed to your character when
he is imbued. The full extent of his capabilities may be
explored in, say, the first week after his introduction to the
true World of Darkness. Yet, as your character ventures out
night after night, he may gain more Virtue points and
therefore more edges.

The Storyteller has a choice in how to handle the
emergence of new powers. She can let you choose your
character's new edge. Or she can choose it for you based on
your character's identity and the course of the chronicle, but

CHAPTERS: THE HUNT ER'SEDGE

withhold knowledge of the power from you until a dramatic
moment for it to manifest. The second approach is more in
keeping with the hunter experience: Your character never
asked for this world or existence, and yet it's foisted upon
him — and now other powers are, too.

Regardless of how new edges are acquired, they all
appear in the same basic way. Your character undertakes his
frightening calling when he suddenly does something that
he's never been capable of before. The moment harks back
to your character's prelude, and you may roleplay a flashback
of sorts to that scene. Perhaps old fears wash over your
character, or he feels infused with the same energy and drive
to accomplish the seemingly impossible.

Inexplicably, your character has a new power, from who
knows where or what. Apparently, the Messengers have
played their hand in your character's life yet again. Now that
he's demonstrated a new edge, it's time to understand the
effect — its trigger, capabilities and limits. Learning to
control the new edge can be accomplished as discussed for
initial edges, above, and should be detailed in the chronicle,
whether with a, "You spend a week understanding the
subtleties of your new power," or "You must seek outa fellow
hunter who also wields this power. The search could take
days or weeks — and then you have to convince your
intended teacher to train you." The quest to control edges
can develop into a story itself, especially for high-powered
ones (levels four and up) that are extremely intricate.

Eee Aprennances

Hunters who doubt their own humanity base their
concerns on who can see edges in use and who cannot. Your
character can sce the effects of his powers — a bright light
emanating from his fist, a gray fog billowing from his mouth,
his wounds closing right before his eyes. Hunters can see and
understand each other's powers in action, too. The same is
true for all the supernatural creatures that hunters oppose.
They, too, see the lights, fog and amazing healing. If a
Conviction point is spent for your character (see Convie-
tion, p. 132), he can see supernaturals in all their glory —
those hiding in plain sight, the horrific man-beast that
sanity tells him to flee, and the spirits hiding within human
shells. So again the question: How are hunters really any
different from the things they fight?

Normal, everyday people cannot see edges at work.
Their minds apparently cannot fathom the events that
occur before them, and so they find rationales for the thing
that happen. Humans see no blades of light, foggy breath or
regeneration. They perceive images that their sheltered
minds can handle: "That man has a flashlight." "Is there
some kind of stage show going on?" "That blood is fake."
Ironically, these are the very things your character used to
say of such spectacles before the scales fell from his eyes.

The Storyteller explains how normal people interpret
hunter powers, ifit's necessary at all. Typically, when a fight
breaks out, people scatter (although the police may be along
shortly). All manner of toriesspring up to explaina struggle,
half of them complete fabrications. Strangely, similar ac-

— eee se wee te EE

EE ae ee gs fas =


counts often occur when supernaturals make appearances or
use their powers publicly. Ordinary people misunderstand
many of the monsters they see, too.

Although mundane people fail to truly understand hunter
and supernatural powers at work, the imbued do not have
carte blanche when it comes to using edges publicly. Cutting
off a head is still cutting of a head, no matter how it's
accomplished. People can often see the fallout of hunter and
supernatural activities, if not the activities themselves. Lin-
geting around the scene of a commotion or criminal act
therefore makes your character a prime suspect. Willful,
insane or drunk people may decide to deal with your charac-
ter, even if they don't fully understand what's happened. And
then there are those sirens again...

The Storyteller should keep your character on his toes
when it comes to using edges before an audience. Attracting
attention is often an invitation to a waiting grave for a hunter;
the enemy and its hidden pawns tend to notice bizarre public
events and their perpetrators. If your character gets cocky or
sloppy, he can expect an unwelcome stalker of his own, if not
a night in lockup or a full-fledged jail sentence.

Thccers

No two hunters activate their edges in the same way,
even if they seem to have the same powers. Some people need
to get sufficiently angry to manifest desired edges. Some
think back to the moment they were imbued and call upon
those same emotions to summon the edges they need. Others
learn to trigger their powers by saying certain phrases — a
trademark of sorts. Hunters who wrestle morally with their
powers may need some prop, such as a religious icon, to
activate edges — items through which powers are used.

Your character should have his own triggering mecha-
nisms. He may have one that grants access to any edge he
possesses. Each power may have its own unique trigger. Means
of calling upon powers may not develop until your character
has had a few encounters with the unknown. Or triggers might
come to him naturally from the very beginning.

No matter the form of your character's trigger(s), its style
should be consistent with the persona you've created. A
religious hunter might simply ask, "God, please help me." A
determined Avenger might goad his opponents into attack-
ing first to make him sufficiently mad: "Oh, yeah! That's the
stuffl'm looking for!" An uncertain Innocent might hold out
an object, probably unassuming, as the conduit through
which his powers take effect: "Please don't make me do this!"
The choice of triggers is yours, but make sure it suits your
character's identity.

Pusase Dow'r!

Hunter: The Reckoning is about normal people
confronted with a hellish world populated by demons and
absolutely ignorant human cattle. Awareness of this real-
ity is mind-numbingly oppressive. Your character can't
turn to anyone but his own meager kind for support, but he
must save everyone he cares for, none of whom understand

ee ee

him or even think him sane. No wonder so many hunters
are borderline suicidal.

All that said, this is not a game about superheroes. No
one dives into evil hordes head first and emerges unscathed.
Even if your character is lucky enough to avoid physical
scars, he can't escape the emotional or mental ones

When you create and roleplay your Hunter character,
ask yourself how you would deal with his burden. If your sister
died — you attended her funeral, saw her interred — how
would you react if she showed up at your door, disheveled,
nails hideously long and ichor spewing from her mouth?
Would you leap about, shout four-color platitudes and blast
away? You'd shit your pants. And if and when you finally
forced yourself to accept that your sister is dead, but at large,
you might set out to face her: the most courageous and insane
thing you've ever done. That's the kind of reality your hunter
character deals with day and night. Try to be true to it.

Ence Names

The following are descriptions of the powers available
to hunters. They are presented in terms of Virtues and then
creed paths: Mercy, Vision and then Zeal, with edge paths
detailed under each.

All powers are named here, but remember that hunters
give their edges different names. "Cleave" can be called
anything from "Louisville" to "the Hand of God," based on
the individual. As long as you know what edges your char-
acter has, he can call them anything he likes. The names
presented here are the ones that have come into common
use on hunter-net.

Encawonns

Each edge provides a description of its effects in
the game setting. A system follows for resolving the
action with game mechanics. If the system tells you to
"roll Perception + Vision," you roll a number of dice
equal to the dots in your character's Perception At-
tribute and Vision Virtue — a unique combination of
Traits that's specific to edges. The difficulty is set by
the Storyteller, but the average is 6. Such rolls are edge
dice pools and can be invested with Conviction (see
Conviction, p. 136) to add even more dice.

Most edges can be activated spontaneously, with
no effect on their actual use in the turn. Some edges,
particularly powerful ones, require Conviction expen-
ditures to be triggered. Conviction points are spent to
use the edges. These points are not counted toward any
Conviction that you may want to risk on a power, thus
increasing the size of any edge dice pools rolled. So, if
an edge costs two Conviction to activate, you can still
tisk whatever Conviction you like, say three, in the
edge roll to increase the dice pool. The two points
spent are lost for activating the power, but the three
points risked may be regained or lost as well, depend-
ing on how successful the dice roll is.


Hunter's edges don't necessarily conform to a scale
like powers of other games, even other Storyteller games,
typically do. Although a level-two edge is often more
potent than a level one in the same path, it isn't always.
Edges in a path occur in an order appropriate to hunters'
needs. An Avenger probably wages his war against the
supernatural from the moment of his imbuing, and he
needs offensive capabilities right away to carry out his
mission. Such powers are therefore immediately avail-
able to him. Meanwhile, more esoteric edges that aid his
cause but are perhaps not essential to his immediate
survival are available later, at higher levels.

The Virtue to which a creed is dedicated, and the
goals of the creed itself, determine what kinds of edges
are essential to a hunter. A Redeemer is capable of
stopping a monster's action (a level-one power) before
she can confront any good left in the creature (a level-
two power). Meanwhile, a Judge gains perception
powers — the ability to gain information to fulfill his
role — before he gains the power to enforce a verdict
ona creature. The necessities of a hunter's powers are
therefore provided to him first, with more versatile
edges emerging later.

Of course, characters may possess edges from paths
other than their primary one. An Innocent can poss
Visionary powers, for example. That freedom is a benefit
of character creation and allows you to design the char-
acter you really want. Some players may therefore want
to gather as many fundamental powers of the various
creeds as they can rather than focus on a primary creed
and gain its esoteric edges. That's perfectly fine. How-
ever, remember that by doing so, your character must
necessarily have appropriate scores in all the Virtues; his
primary Virtue rating (say, Zeal fora Defender) is limited
asa result. Chapter 4 details how primary Virtue rating is
sometimes vital to your character's ability to resist the
mind- and body-control powers of potent monsters (see
p. 134). If your Defender has low Zeal because you want
him to have lots of Mercy and Vision powers, your hunter
could be putty in the enemy's hands, and a danger to his
fellow hunters as he is forced to turn on them. Consider
that danger before you grab for various powers rather
than those of your character's true calling.

So hunter edges have ascale all their own. While an
Avenger ma\ be more physically capable than an Inno-
centat the imbding, both have access to powersimportant
to their values and roles in the hunt. Ultimately, it's this
difference in focus between creeds and individual hunt-
ers that engenders tolerance, cooperation and alliance
among them. Few hunters are capable of going it alone
against the unknown. Those who do often die trying.
Hunters must pool their strengths and various powers in
order to survive and perhaps win the war.

CHAPTERS: THEHUNT ER SEDGE

Miney

Advocates of Zeal explain that the war between human-
ity and monstrosities has two sides: perpetrator and victim.
By their definition, humanity is the victim, and it's hunters'
duty to stand up in defiance. Followers of Mercy have a
different perspective. They tend to concentrate on indi-
vidual actors rather than diametrical factions. The Merciful
don't follow abstract notions of good and evil. They under-
stand that specific circumstances demand choices and force
actions. They refuse to resort to generalizations about any
side in the war: "All their kind are the same." "It's for the
good of mankind." "I was just following orders." The Merciful
measure individuals before delivering any justice or meting
out any reward.

A hunter who acts based on Mercy seeks to understand,
empathize and even rationalize with the enemy. Outright
hostility establishes no common ground on which terms can
be established. Unquestioned violence also diminishes friend
and foe into one, with no chance for identity or change.

Of course, fighting the war against the unknown isn't
any easier for understanding the enemy. Sympathy makes it
harder. Anything salvageable within a creature is lost when
its dark side is put down. But understanding doesn't equate
to tolerance of evil committed wantonly. Sympathy isn't
grounds for a stay of execution for a self-proclaimed mur-
derer. At the very least, fighting based on Mercy convinces
hunters somewhat that their cause is the right one — that
they're doing their individual best.

If your character's instinctive reaction upon the imbuing
istosave innocent lives, to put herself in harm's way or to learn
the horror's intentions, she may be a follower of Mercy.

Innocence

Although many Innocents are young, there are no age
restrictions. Hunters on this primary path answer the Call
but do so with no preconceived notions. More than any
other hunters, Innocents deal with the immediate present,
without holding grudges from the past or scheming for the
future. Like others on Mercy's paths, they recognize kin-
dred spirits in monsters — beings with horrific powers and
terrible lives foisted upon them. Whereas the Martyr
hates what he sees and the Redeemer wants to change it,
the Innocent looks on without judgment.

Innocents' unusual candor can sometimes produce
unexpected reactions from night-creatures, but more of-
ten it simply puts them in danger. Who else could ask a
monster a direct question and expect a straight answer?
This straightforwardness has led other hunters to give
Innocents various nicknames, some meant kindly ("cher-
ubs"), others less so ("bait").

—_ ees see wee et ee, ee ee


|

YY

. Innocent are often perceived as innocuous, harm-
less and inconsequential. Being underestimated gives them
power. Supernatural creatures literally have a tendency to
overlook or miss your character's presence. He's there, but
not worth the time, attention or effort, or he simply does not
seem to exist. Only when your character specifically draws
attention to himself, such as through attacking, does he
"appear." Your character could even stand face to face with
a creature and have it not acknowledge his presence.

"

Y

AnInnocentoften discovers her invisibility amongmon-
sters when her first instinctual response to such creatures is to
stand gaping or to ask straightforward questions. Creatures
either take no notice or their attention must be actively
attracted. A rampaging monster that completely bypasses a
blatantly obvious Innocent is also a hint that Hide is in use.

System: Roll Wits + Mercy, difficulty 6. A Perception
+ Alertness roll, difficulty 6, is made for each monster in your
character's presence. A single, average roll can be made for
a group of monsters. The difficulty is reduced for creatures
with extraordinary senses such as smell or hearing, or for
creatures that are exceptionally old, powerful or wary. If your
character gets mote successes, he goes unrecognized. He is
seen normally if the enemy gets more successes.

Your character goes unnoticed for the remainder of the
scene as long as he does not attract attention to himself.
Making physical contact with the enemy or performing

blatant acts such as jumping up and down and shouting Wi Wa
draws attention. Once creatures know your ip
character is present, they do not forget again. r

And once one monster in a group recognizes
your character, all of the enemy in the vicin-
ity do; one of the monsters doesn't simply
swing wildly at the "air." However, standing,
talking lowly and walking slowly do not attract
unwanted attention.

This power does not work on other hunters or
normal humans. It does not function when the user
is Incapacitated; supernaturals perceive your
character's immobile form.

© © fuummare

This edge makes it possible for your char-
acter and fellow hunters to identify
supernatural creatures. Not only on
indicate which beings are inhuman, it
suggests what kinds of creatures they
are. One drawback to Illuminate is
that monsters seem able to perceive
its use and can even tell which hu-
man generates the effect.

<a gen SE eee ey ae ke ee

System: Roll Perception + Mercy, "
difficulty 6. Ifyou getany successes, your
character and all hunters in her presence
perceive any supernatural creatures in the


aA 2 Gee past gs Bw

area. The effect duplicates and replaces the need for hunters
to spend Conviction on second sight (see Conviction, p.
132). Furthermore, this edge allows all affected hunters to
recognize the true nature of creatures that otherwise appear
normal — warlocks, the recently deceased, shapechangers in
human form. These beings seem to be outlined in nimbuses of
various colors. Note that Illuminate does not confer any of the
resistance to mind or body control that spending a point of
Conviction does.

Illuminate lasts 10 minutes for each success rolled.
Duration can be extended for another 10 minutes for each
Conviction point spent. The power can be deactivated at
will and shuts off if the user is Incapacitated.

Creatures exposed by Illuminate perceive the wielderas
a source of bright light; she is clearly the one revealing the
monsters. Use of Illuminate undoes Hide.

oe Rapare

If there were ever evidence that hunters are of divine
origin, this is it — or, at least, this edge could be used to justify
such claims. Once this power is activated, your character
radiates a white light that impedes supernatural attacks.
People protected by this field appear blurry and indistinct to
the eyes of unnatural creatures. The light itself is distinct to
hunters but otherwise has no effect on them, whether they're
inside or outside the aura. Monsters that do not rely on visual
senses are still confused and disoriented by the power.

System: Roll Stamina + Mercy, difficulty 6. Any time a
supernatural creature attacks a radiating target, the difficulty
of the attack is increased by one for each success achieved in
your edge roll. The nature of the attack does not matter —
guns, claws, mystic attacks of any sort; all are impeded. For
each success you score after the first, your character may also
project his light to include one additional person within the
aura. That person must be standing within Mercy in yards of
your character. The light persists for one turn per success
rolled. The edge can be canceled by the user at will, and its
protection can be denied to an individual at any time. The
power fails completely if your character is Incapacitated.

No monster's mystical sight or other sense can be used
tonegate the field. Hunter senses, even edge-based ones, are
not affected.

© 00 © Como

To use this edge, your character must mect a creature's
gaze directly and make no attempt to avoid the monster's
attack. Even though your character is a "sitting duck,"
striking her becontes terribly difficult. The few creatures
who've been subjected to this power and are willing to
discuss it say that striking becomes emotionally impossible
The hunter seems to embody everything that is (or that ever
was) pure, importantand valuable to the attacker — perhaps
even dredging up emotions the creature had thought lost for
centuries. Striking or acting against the hunter seems psy-
chologically suicidal — a crime of grotesque magnitude.

Attackers who do force themselves to perform the repellent
action find it excruciating.

System: Spend one Conviction point and roll Manipu-
lation + Mercy, difficulty 5. For each success you get, an
attacker has to spend a point of Willpower to act against your
character. Each subsequent action against your character also
requires a Willpower expenditure. The enemy still has to
succeed at its attack normally, even though your character
makesno attempt to avoid it. This edge functions against only
one opponent at a time, unless more can somehow be cap-
tured eye to eye, simultaneously. The target remains inhibited
as long as your character maintains eye contact.

eoooo bus

Your character can make one light source agonizing and
damaging to unnatural creatures of all kinds. The degree of
damage inflicted depends on the intensity of the light
source. A match is irritating, a powerful flashlight is danger-
ous and (on a clear day) the sun is destructive.

Blaze is instantaneous: Your character uses this power
and the light source in question becomes amazingly power-
ful for a moment. While the effect does not last, it can
traumatize every supernatural creature exposed to the rays.
Strangely, Blaze does not work with moonlight.

Some Innocent extremists with this power describe its
use as "sharing the true light."

System: Spend two Conviction pointsand roll Strength
+ Mercy, difficulty 8. Even one success inflicts the lethal
damage dice listed on the following chart, based on the light
source used.

Light Source Damage Dice
Match/ lighter flame 1
Torch/ small flashlight/ flare 3
Large flashlight/ car headlights 5
Bonfire 6
Spotlight or searchlight 8
The sun 10

The range of this power is five yards per success rolled.
Thus, all supernatural creatures within range of your charac-
ter (as opposed to the light source, which can be in someone
else's possession) when this power is used suffer searing pain.
If you score four successes on your edge roll and your charac-
ter holds a flare (three damage dice), you roll three lethal
damage dice against all supernaturals within 20 yards of your
character (or against those within range and that are caught
ina light beam).

Many artificial light sources are directional and can be
pointed at only one or two targets ata time. Asarule of thumb,

CHAPTERS: THEHUNYER'SEDG


using Blaze with a flashlight allows your character to harm
three creatures at most, if they're standing close together.

Targets do nothave tobe physical; spirits and ghosts are
vulnerable, too.

Marrvedow

Martyrs are compelled to destroy the unknown and the
monstrous, but they can't escape the knowledge that their
quarry has (or had) human feelings just as they do. Avengers
have a definite us/ them mind-set. Martyrs don't have that
luxury. They understand all too well the emotions and
motivations of the intolerable. Yer, for all their empathy,
followers of this primary path hunt with an almost self
destructive fury.

Martyrs can understand the misery of a compulsive
predator, because they are the same. They know that these
hideous beings, whose very appearance fills a Martyr with
repulsion and disgust, might have once been fully human.
Martyrs are therefore miserable with their role, but know that
if they pursue it, fewer others will have to share their fate.
Every Martyr longs for the day when hunters are obsolete.
© Davao

Martyrs, by definition, are willing to hurt themselves to
save another's life or to hurt an enemy. This willingness to
chase even Pyrthic victory is reflected in Demand. Your
character is willing to exhaust himself in a desperate bid to
accomplish amazing deeds; he puts his all into an action and
receives might born from purity of purpose. Martyrs' willing-
ness to sacrifice themselves simply invigorates them with
energy and power.

System: Your character can perform an amazing feat of
strength at the cost of his own health. Mark a level of
bashing damage on your character's Health chart. The
damage cannot be soaked. You can now add Mercy to
Strength for any roll or action performed that turn, whether
it be a roll to inflict brawl or melee damage, an effort to lift
an object, or a Strength + Athletics roll to perform a stunt.
Willpower cannot be used to further bolster this roll, al-
though Conviction points can be risked in any
Strength-related roll made.

If Demand is used to increase the damage inflicted with
an attack, your character must suffer a bashing health level
before the attack is made. Ifit fails, the health level is still lost,
even though no damage roll is made. The punch or swing is
still potentially devastating, but doesn't find its mark.

Demand cannot be combined with other attack or
physical-action-based edges in the same turn.

© © Winkss
Witness allows your character to recognize the nature of
supernatural creatures in her presence. It also gives her a
glimpse of specified creatures' relationships with mankind.
System: This edge expands upon the capabilties of
second sight (see Conviction, p. 132). A creature that seems

ee

wrong with second sight, but not in any perceptible way —
a warlock, a shapechanger in human form, a bloodsucker
imitating life signs — is revealed to your character. The
monster's horrific side is clear on a successful Perception +
Mercy roll, difficulty 6. To your character's eyes, the creature's
most horrific aspect flashes across its face. This sight persists
for 10 minutes for each success rolled; any creature observed
in that time is revealed for what it really is. Witness can
therefore be used in conjunction with or can replace the
need for second sight while this edge is in effect. Duration
can be extended for another 10 minutes for each Conviction
point spent. The power can be deactivated at will. Witness
provides no mind- or body-control protection.
Additionally, for each success scored after the first in
the edge roll, your character can momentarily witness one
previous contact had between a human and a monster in

your character's presence. The first contact viewed is usually
the most recent, and each viewed thereafter occurred further
back in time. If multiple monsters are present, your character
may choose which is "studied," or recent flashes may be
taken from a variety of creatures.

Visions might reveal attacks, such as feeding, or could
reveal a passionate or poignant meeting, depending on who
was contacted. The Storyteller creates the vision, which can
be clear or distorted; participants may be obvious or con-
fused. The image is visual only and is virtually instantaneous
Sometimes such visions suggest regret or even mercy in
creatures' attacks, a hint at their true nature.

Witness seems to conjure no images of humans' or
hunters' acts, but it does for those people who possess powers
or gifts bestowed by unnatural creatures.

eee Ravace

No one's quite sure what the hell happens when a
hunter cuts loose with this edge. It seems to produce a roiling
heat-haze. This gas (for lack of a better term) pours out of or
from your character and travels where he gestures. Physical
matter seems unaffected, but supernatural creatures react
violently. It seems to corrupt and decay their very bodies.
Not even intangible creatures are safe.

Ravage has no physical effect on human targets, but it
causes deep emotional trauma: headaches, depression, terri-
fied fugues and uncontrolled weeping. As for wielders of
Ravage themselves, the power makes them sick. Stomach
pains, coughing, blurred vision and vomiting are all associ-
ated with the edge.

Martyrs describe the power as, "Tearing something
open — like injuring the world. It hurts us, it hurts them —
but it hurts them worse."

System: Roll Manipulation + Mercy, difficulty 7. Range
is your character's Mercy in yards. If the target is human, the
number of successes rolled indicates the number of turns that
person is stunned with horror. He suffers no physical dam-
age, and can still dodge or flee, but cannot attack your
character or anyone else. (Particularly tough sealed

on Sy ag gees: te.

})


might be allowed a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, to attempt to
perform a particular action.) Another hunter targeted by
Ravage goes unaffected if his Conviction defense is active.
If not, he is treated like a normal human victim.

If the target is a supernatural creature, it suffers a level of
lethal damage for each success rolled. Even intangible oppo-
nents are affected, including ones that possess physical hosts.

Every time this edge is used, your character suffers one
level of bashing damage that cannot be soaked.

eooe Don

A hunter far along the Martyrdom path can blur the
lines between herself and others. Her sense of self be-
comes so diffused that it's possible to lend that "self" to
others for their use. The most obvious loan is physical
potency or speed, but less tangible capacities can be
donated as well. One Martyr has likened the experience
to another person walking a mile in her shoes — while
she's still in them.

Your character can make this "loan" to any willing
person whom she can touch. The exchange is immediate,
though not always complete.

Ifphysical qualities are lent, your character is weakened
commensurably. Lending mental acuity is a bit more com-
plex: The donor's intellect and attention are literally split
between herself and the recipient. This "split attention" can
function almost like a two-way radio, with no known limit
to the distance separating the two parties. The biggest
restriction is time: Your character can share of herself for a
limited period.

System: Spend two Conviction points and roll Mercy +
the Attribute you want to lend. The difficulty is 7. Your
character loses a number of points from that Attribute equal
to the number of successes you roll, up to a limit that you
stipulate or up to your character's full Attribute score. The
recipient gains the same number of points in the same Trait.
Any Attribute can be donated, except Appearance. No
other Traits — Abilities, Backgrounds — can be conferred
with this edge, and no more than one Attribute can be
shared at one time.

Donating Physical Attributes is fairly straightfor-
ward: Your character's rating is reduced while the subject's
is increased. If a Mental Attribute is shared, the two

characters can speak to each other telepathically for the
duration of the donation; the recipient can use your
character's mind as a sort of "parallel processor." If a
Social Attribute is donated, telepathic communication is
not possible, but both people have a vague sense of how
the other feels emotionally.

If your character donates all of one Attribute, she
passes out and remains unconscious until the edge w
off. You asa player may continue to advise the recipient in
terms of the Trait shared, and as far the as the Storyteller
allows. You can contribute solutions to problems if Wits is
shared, or suggest emotions to play upon in social situa-

ars

ah » Wee pat gs Bes

PR eae

CHAPTERS: THEHUNTER'S EDGE

tions if Manipulation is lent, but you probably can't advise
another player how to do research in either case, because
Intelligence hasn't been shared.

The duration of a donation is determined with the
following chart:

Duration

12 Two turns
3-4 The rest of the scene
5-6 Five hours

78 One day

Three days

If your character is conscious, he can cancel donation at
any time. However, the recipient cannot choose to "give back"
aborrowed Trait at any time; the lender must take it willingly.

a donation continues until she regain consciousness. If your
character is killed with dots lent out, the recipient loses
them immediately. If the receiver dies, your character loses
all donated dots, permanently. If you botch the donation
roll, your character could lose one point of the Trait in
question, permanently, or the Storyteller can devise another
mishap. Hunters are already disturbed people. Would the
identity of one trapped in the body of another really be
acknowledged as anything more than schizophrenia?

© Pavenck

Your character can impose human, mortal limitations
and vulnerabilities upon inhuman opponents. He can also
rob such beings of their powers. All your hunter has to do is
lock his gaze with a supernatural enemy's and concentrate
on the specific way he wants to cut that being down to size.
The Martyr imposes a righteous moral punishment upon the
creature.

System: To inflict a human limitation upon a super-
natural being (say, to make a dead thing need to breathe to
survive, or a ghost to assume physical form), spend five
Conviction points and roll Manipulation + Mercy, diffi-
culty of the target's Stamina +4. If you get even one success,
the creature suffers that vulnerability until it leaves your
character's presence. (In the case of truly powerful oppo-
nents, the Storyteller may impose a higher difficulty to your ¥
roll, and may grant a resisted roll, say Willpower, to the
creature.) Only one human "failing" can be imposed on a
single creature at one time. The circumstances and the
Storyteller often determine the immediate results of making
a supernatural "mortal" again. Food, not blood, might be
required for sustenance. Human form might become the
only one a creature can assume. A spirit might become as
physical and fragile as he was in life.


VER: THE RECKONING

Now, an ages-old creature does not turn to dust because
it's suddenly mortal, but it could perhaps be destroyed
forever by conventional means. Also, beware granting mon-
sters the strengths of being human. What bloodsucker would
not relish withstanding the sun again? She might even
ensure your character's constant presence by capturing him.

This power can also be used to deny a creature use of a
certain supernatural power. To do this, you have to specify
what the beast is prevented from doing: "I want it to stop
moving so fast." "I don't want it fading away again!" "I don't
want it to be able to turn invisible." Assuming the Story-
teller knows what power you refer to, she sets the difficulty
— usually the creature's Willpower rating or Stamina +3. If
you get even a single success, the creature cannot use that
capability until it leaves your character's presence. Only one
power can be denied a creature at one time, and a monstros-
ity cannot be assigned a human weakness and be stripped of
a capability simultaneously.

If your character is conscious, she may revoke human
weaknesses or reinstate supernatural powers at will, even if
she is still in the presence of the victim. If your character is
Incapacitated, the effects of Payback fail immediately. And,
of course, if a creature manages to leave your character's
presence and return, all bets are off. Payback must be used
again to impose a human frailty or to strip a monster of the
me power previously removed.

Redewevton

Individuals whose first instinct is conciliatory tend to
find themselves on the primary path of Redemption. Re-
deemers are widely sought for their ability to put injured
people back together, but they often find themselves at odds
with hunters who possess different priorities. Some Redeem-
ers aren't afraid to understand their prey. They hope that
through understanding they can either settle the spirits that
haunt mortal life or remove whatever curse or psychic illness
creates "monsters.

© Busy

A shouted syllable becomes a veritable shield against
harm. The word spoken doesn't matter ("No!" "Stop!" and
"Don't!" are all common choices), but it can abort any type
of deliberate attack. A hunter often learns a word's power
when she blurts it out instinctively, and the word amazingly
averts harm.

Bluster can turn aside anything from a switchblade to a
chain saw — or even arcane weapons such as bolts of fire or
lightning. The attack can be made against your character or
another person. The edge has no effect on attacks that don't
do damage (such as mind-control attempts) or on attacks
that are not direct (such as stabbing a voodoo doll of your
character). Furthermore, it works only against actions that
other individuals undertake. It can protect your hunter or
another person from being run down with a car (even if the

Nees ne EE, Gs, Py

driver is careless, not actively malevolent.) Itcannot stop an
avalanche or a natural bolt of lightning.

System: Roll Wits + Mercy, difficulty 6. The roll is
typically resisted against the appropriate attack roll made by
the enemy, and your character must be able to see — have
line of sight to — the action he intends to interrupt. This
edge can be used in a turn at any time that a defensive
maneuver — dodge, parry or block —can be. In fact, Bluster
should be treated like a fourth form of defense for system
purposes — all the same mechanics apply (see Defensive
Maneuvers, p. 192). This edge cannot actually be combined
with dodge, parry or block, though; you must choose one
course of defensive action. Note that an attacker can still
harm its target, even if your character attempts to avert the
action (the attacker gets more successes than you do).

© © Ixsmuare

Your character has to ask one question of a supernatural

creature, and that creature has to understand that a question
has been asked. The particular question is not really impor-
tant, and it doesn't matter if the being replies. What matters
is that your character interacts with the creature as if it were
aperson, nota thing. This simple act, when fueled by hunter
spirit, forces the creature to confront mortals in human
terms. The edge usually causes intense feelings of sorrow, loss
and isolation.

A common question is, "Do you remember?"

System: Roll Manipulation + Mercy, difficulty 6. Each
success adds one to the difficulty ofthe supernatural creature's
next intended action. The feat becomes challenging as the
being is confronted by forgotten memories, long-dead feel-
ings and desperately suppressed compassion. With a
spectacular number of successes, the target may undergo a
substantial shift in behavior. Even an undamaged creature
who is winning a fight may flee rather than have to face the
emotions raised by Insinuate.

The specific psychological effect of this edge depends
on the creature confronted, of course. Spirits experience a
taste of what life was like before they perished. Bloodsuckers
are reminded of their lost mortality. Other creatures may
have visions from the lives of people they've slain. More
"human" creatures may foresee futures in which they suc-
cumb to their monstrous natures, or they may remember a
lost love or a choice they regret. Creatures who have very
little thought or feeling left may be less affected. Insinuate's
visions may simply annoy or confuse them.

The Storyteller decides the exact results of this power in
the story, whether as a distraction for a monster, another
attempt in an ongoing effort to get through to the buried
vulnerability of a creature, or as a cathartic moment (if you
roll enough successes) that confronts a being with its very
perversity.

Typically, Insinuate can be used against a single creature
only once per scene, unless the Storyteller authorizes otherwise.

f

!

,
|


Also called the "Kiss of Life," this edge allows your
character to heal a person by breathing into her mouth.
While your character appears to be performing mouth-to-
mouth resuscitation, this power accomplishes a lot more: It
can heal cuts, slashes, damaged organs and broken bones.

Respire can do something altogether different to
supernaturals. Instead of infusing healing energy, it steals
energy. Mouth-to-mouth contact isn't required. Yet your
character must be nearby to inhale the stuff from an enemy.
This power is dangerous even to intangible foes.

System: To heal someone, roll Stamina + Mercy, diffi-
culty 6. The target gains one health level, bashing or lethal,
for each success achieved. Using Respire in this fashion is
draining. You must pay for each level healed either by
spending one Conviction or by suffering a +1 difficulty toall
actions for the remainder of the scene. (It's possible to mix
and match payments. A character who heals three health
levels can spend two Conviction and accept a +1 penalty for
the rest of the scene.) If a botch is rolled, your character
suffers a bashing health level, instead. This edge cannot be
used on oneself, but can be used on normal people and even
supernatural creatures.

To drain a monstrous enemy, your character must be
within a distance of Mercy in yards of the intended target.
Roll Dexterity + Mercy, difficulty 6. The target resists by
rolling Stamina, also against difficulty 6 (although the
Storyteller can modify difficulties for both attacker and
defender depending on their relative potenc

a simple
hunter may be hard-pressed to exhaust an ages-old ghost).
For every «wo full success in excess of the opponent's that you
achieve, your character gains one point of Conviction, up to
the limit of your character's starting Conviction (t
erced). The target also suffers one level of lethal ds
each single success rolled (your character's starting Convic-
tion imposes no limit on damage). If your roll botches, your
character incurs one level of lethal damage, and the super-
natural opponent gains one point of Willpower. Respire can

be used against spirits that possess humans, without harming
the hosts. It cannot harm humans, and affects only one
target at a time.

eooe Brun
A Redeemer radiates his inner calm and tolerance as if

it were an energy form. The edge has two simultaneous
effects. The first is physical: Becalm makes it difficult for
those around your character to act in a sudden or deliberate
way. Events occur slowly. Response times are delayed.
Actions seem to be performed as if subjects are groggy.
The second effect is emotional: Becalm stifles anger,
alleviates fear and tension, and generally makes subjects
gain perspective and relax — at least somewhat. This
effect doesn't make the becalmed lose their will to fight
or survive. The power doesn't change motivation, it
just makes events seem less urgent.

CHAPTERS: THEHUNT ER'S EDGE

— dee se weed et Ee , ee SE

HUNTER THERECKONING

Becalm does not affect normal actions such as speaking
or moving slowly, as long as those actions do not have
explosive or violent results.

System: Spend one Conviction point and roll Manipu-
lation + Mercy, difficulty 7. The effect lasts a number of
minutes equal to the number of successes rolled. During that
time, anyone who tries to perform any sort of violent attack or
sudden movement has to make a Stamina, Strength or Dex-
terity roll (whichever is highest), difficulty 8, peraction. Even
pulling a trigger is affected for the outburst that results. The
effect extends five yards in every direction for each point of
Mercy your character has. In addition to interfering with or
stopping fights, this edge can be used to halt physical seizures
or hysterical fits of any type, and can bring supernatural
creatures out of frenzies, whatever the cause. Creatures that
hope to maintain a frenzied state, despite the challenge of
acting in your character's presence, must make a Willpower
roll, difficulty 8.

Becalm affects your character as well as any hunters or
normal people in its area of deployment. Humans may not
behave hysterically in the presence of monsters while be-
calmed, but they still typically forget or rationalize what they
experience afterward. This edge's effect can be terminated
prematurely if you choose, and it ceases altogether if your
character is Incapacitated.

Attacks, particularly ranged ones, performed outside the
area of effectagainst targets within itare notaffected by Becalm.

e006 Susi)

Many hunters believe in other worlds, including Heaven,
Hell or Purgatory — perhaps even other dimensions or alien
planes. A hunter who proceeds this far along the path of
Redemption begins to understand that other realms might

exist — and suspects that supernatural creatures are tied to
them and can travel to and from such places. Certainly,
creatures have been known to disappear without a trace,
even to hunter sight. This edge denies a monster those
escape routes and forces it to face the error of its ways in the
here and now. It also protects the world from unspecified
"prying eyes." Redeemers who attain this level of dedication
rarely discuss what it is they believe is "watching."

Users and witnesses of this power report sensations like
popping ears, nosebleeds and headaches, but also a sense of
liberation. Some fear horrendous side effects, such as keep-
ing the souls of the recently dead from traveling to their
rightful places — trapping those souls on Earth!

System: Spend two Conviction points and roll Cha-
risma + Mercy, difficulty 8. If any successes result, your
character seals the material world he knows from all other
possible realms for the remainder of the scene. The barrier
arises wherever your character can physically see. No super-
natural creature may escape your character's presence without
leaving conventionally. Any power sources that originate
from another plane or reality, and that feed the physical
world in your character's proximity, are severed.

Likewise, any supernatural creatures that can enter the

physical world are suddenly barred from it in your character's
vicinity. They must enter in an area beyond his influence
Otherworldly powers on other planes cannot even perceive
the physical realm where your character stands,

Your character may undo the effect early if he chooses,
but it persists for the scene, even if he's rendered unconscious.

Vision

Hunters who act from Zeal believe that they know an
obvious truth. Hunters who follow paths of Mercy believe in
doing what feels right, over following some personal stan-
dard. And then there are a few who believe there is yet
another course — it just hasn't been marked yet.

Like Zealots, these hunters set their sights to the dis-
tance and try to perceive a big picture. Like the Merciful,
they are willing to consider new ideas and sensations with an
open mind. Some are dreamers, some are outcasts. A radical
few believe there is no truth, beauty or morality beyond what
we make ourselves. Hunters on this primary path pursue
freedom for all. Rather than fight to win battles against the
unknown, they fight to end the war.

Visionaries don't pick one of the most obvious reactions
to the Call. If your character doesn't attack, doesn't inter-
vene and doesn't run away at her imbuing, but still does
something — probably something clever and unpredictable
— she could be a disciple of Vision. If her first response is
curiosity, a need to know what the thing is and what it
intends, rather than whether it should be destroyed or pitied,
she probably sees the forest, not the trees.

She supports no accepted truth that she hasn't tested
herself. "Yes, the punishment should fit the crime, but who
should be punished, the criminal or the society that creates
him?" "Of course gravity works, but does my soul rise or fall
when I die?" Life is about the search for answers, which lie
everywhere. The proponent of Vision simply looks for the
right questions. In the fight against the unknown, her
foremost question is: "How can this conflict be settled, once
and for all?"

There is currently only one creed and path for followers
of this Virtue, at least as far as hunters are able to tell.

Visionary

Visionaries perceive the intrusion of the paranormal
into their everyday lives as a sign that the world is a larger
and stranger place than they had ever dreamed. Once a
firmly held belief — "There are no such things as monsters"
— is yanked from its place beneath your worldview, it makes
you wonder what other supports are worm-eaten. Visionar-
ies are unwilling to jump to conclusions and dive into
half-formed solutions. As a result, they keep their hunter
allies on a higher road, thus avoiding pointless switchbacks
and literal dead ends.

2:8 Se ag ees te. SE

sa =


es

A 2 ee past gs Bee

While Zealots ask, "What can destroy them?" and the
Merciful wonder, "How can we help?" Visionaries take a step
back and simply ask, "What are they?" This introspection
has earned these hunters several nicknames. Those who
respect Visionaries call them "pathfinders" and "wayfarers."
Those who have little use for them apply names like "navel-
gazers" or simply "fools."
© Forse

While most hunters would simply be glad to have this
power, Visionaries are compelled to debate its nature. One
group suspects that it's a form of telepathy — if such a thing
exists — that allows them to anticipate probabilities and the
actions of others. Some think Foresee allows hunters a brief
glimpse into the future —a look that allows them to choose
the best course of action. Either way, your character has a
momentary flash of how his choices might affect a situation,
and may choose the best option available to him.

System: Roll Intelligence + Vision, difficulty 7. For
each success achieved, you may make one extra roll for a
specified action and choose the best result. You must an-
nounce in advance that one of your extra rolls will be
dedicated to a particular action; you can't wait until a roll
has been made and then announce that an extra one will be
taken. Only one extra roll is allowed per action. You might
make two rolls to fire a gun, lift a rock or steer a car. (An
attack is considered a single action; an extra roll is made for
the attack itself. The better attack roll determines how
many damage dice are rolled.)

The Storyteller literally narrates a vision had by your
character based on each of the die rolls you make, then lets
you choose which occurs. One roll might indicate a missed
attack, whereas the other scores a hit. One roll might
indicate a marginal success, whereas the other indicates a

resounding one. Remember that visions are simply glimpses
of short-term possibilities; the course you choose as a result
may not have the more desirable results in the long term.
Your character might envision what wire to cut to deacti-
vate a bomb, but the building saved might still be possessed
by a vicious poltergeist.

Foresee influences only an immediate action performed.
A simple action that has direct results can convey clear
images. An involved action, such as building a device
through extended actions, does not reveal consequences of
the final creation or its use. More likely, it indicates the
possible results of the effort at your character's current stage
in the process.

After you make the extra roll and your character sees a
vision of both outcomes, one of the results must be chosen.
Your character commits to the action — he simply averts
events in time for optimal effect. If both rolls are poor, one
of them still takes place. There's simply no good way out of
the situation.

Foresee may be used to gain a number of extra rolls only
once per chapter (game session). Once those extra rolls are

CHAPTERS: THEHUNY ER'S EDGE

used up, the edge cannot be activated again that chapter.
Re-rolls granted by the Destiny Background cannot usually
be combined with Foresee in the

ame scene.

Activating Foresee is considered a reflexive action. It
does not preclude taking actions in the same tum.

Extra rolls gained cannot be doled out to other players.
Neither can your character forewarn other characters of
impending events or the ramifications of actions.

Conviction points invested into a Foresee roll simply
increase the number of extra rolls you may gain fora chapter.
Conviction does not affect the outcome of the individual
actions to which extra rolls are dedicated.

© © Preomr

This edge gives your character insight into the weak-
nesses of
com

supernatural creature. Sometimes, the information
s in the form of a vision (usually of a place or object of
importance). Other times it is simple intuition — your
character "just knows" that the creature can't use its powers
freely under certain circumstances, for example.

Pinpoint is often used after a creature has been detected
(through second sight) and recognized (through edges such
as Discern, Illuminate or Witness), as part of a plan of attack.
The truly informed hunter is the most likely to survive.
Thoroughly experienced hunters can also use this edge to
identify some monsters through their weaknesses — "It feeds
on pain to survive. Mostly zombies do that — mostly."

System: Roll Perception + Vision, difficulty 6. Ifyou get
a success, your character learns a weakness about the crea-
ture she observes: impalement, sunlight, garlic, cold iron,
running water, silver, fire or anything else the Storyteller
deems appropriate. The Storyteller can also be elusive or
vague about the nature of a weakness — "life," "time" or
"control." Just because your character asks a question doesn't
mean she understands the answer.

Some creatures are tied to particular locations or ob-
jects. If you get three or more successes on the roll, your (
character not only knows that the creature has a lair (or is
attached to a specific item), she gets a vague sense of where
that object/ place is. :

Knowing a weakness and capitalizing on it are two ° +
different things. Turning fire onan opponent in an oil refinery
isn't safe for anyone. A specific variety of ferrous metal to be
used as a weapon probably isn't conveniently at hand.
Once your character has determined a specific weak-
of a being, Pinpoint does not repeat that failing. It's up
to you to remember the flaw. Subsequent use of Pinpoint
against the same kind of creature turns up a new weakness,
whether concrete or obscure. Of course, there's no telling if
a new failing classifies an unidentified creature as anything
your character has faced before.

Pinpoint has no effect on mortals. It can be used only
once per scene. Whatever force — presumably the Messen-
gers — that provides the information requested doesn't

nes

SS nn See 42 gee fos Ot

|


seem to tolerate holding hands. Subsequent uses in the
same scene simply draw blanks.

Ultimately, the Storyteller decides how effective this
edge is under any given circumstances. The answers it
provides may not be any help in the here and now, but may
be in the next chapter.

ooo bu

Also known as "Past Viewing," this power lets the
user see into the past of a specific area. Whereas other
edges (particularly Pierce) also allow visions of the past,
Delve is both more specific and more versatile.

Delve is keyed to place: Your character can see the
past of her current location only. However, there is no
known limit to how far back she can see. Visions can
be commanded according to time ("What happened
here 24 hours ago2"), by connection to a person or
object ("Show me what happened when the jewels were @Y¥
taken.") or in connection toan event ("I want tosee the
murder as it occurred.").

With a supreme effort, your character can even
hear what transpired.

System: Roll Perception + Vision, difficulty 6. For
each success, your character gets five minutes of "viewing"
at the location.

If the event took place more than a year ago, the
difficulty increases by two. It increases to 10 for any
event that occurred more than five years ago. (Yet one
of the truly potent disciples of Vision claims to have
witnessed a millennia-old civilization to which he felt
abond. At least, he claimed such a revelation before his
disappearance.)

To hear as well as see, you must either spend two
Conviction or raise the difficulty by two. Only people
with Visionary as their primary path can use Delve to
"hear" the past.

The Storyteller ultimately decides how clear an im-
age is. Traumatic events, chaos or intense anger
experienced at the time and place witnessed may distort
events. The Storyteller may even want to make Delve
rolls secretly for players to keep them guessing about the
veracity of their insights.

Delve can be used only once per scene.

© Resvors

This is the power to regrow lost or mangled limbs and
organs. It's not just accelerated healing. Restore can bring
back body parts that were last completely. It can be
applied to your character himself or used on other people.
These regenerated limbs are often eerily "perfect" — I
lacking scars, suntans, wrinkles or, indeed, any signs of ;
aging — as if they're idealized, Platonic manifestations of [2 [(& Fame,
such body parts. Although Restore is powerful, it cannot AC
bring the dead back to life.

Ge A eee ey eee gO eee


Your character imagines mending skin and knitting
bones, or a perfect limb or body part to replace that lost,
and it manifests. The few hunters who can use this edge
hold it up as proof of an idealized state out there some-
where —aplace Visionaries are meant to discover. Perhaps
this place or condition is the ultimate object or goal in the
war against the unknown. Meanwhile, hunters capable of
this power keep it secret for fear of drawing unwanted
attention — or persecution.

System: This edge effectively turns lethal damage into
bashing damage. It doesn't actually restore any lost health
levels, but it does make injuries a lot more bearable.

Roll Stamina + Vision and spend three Conviction
points. The difficulty is 6, plus one for each lethal health
level the subject has lost (maximum difficulty of 10). If the
roll gets even one success, all those levels become bashing
immediately. If lost health levels represented massive inju-
ries (mangled eyeballs, lost limbs) they grow back in seconds.
The new limbs are sore, weak and bruised until the subject
has a chance to break them in.

Restore can be used only once per scene.

eoooe fun

Your character can anticipate likely futures at her spe-
cific location. All she has to do is concentrate. As with
Delve, this power can be based on time frame, person, object
or a specific event.

System: Spend three Conviction points. The Story-
teller secretly rolls your character's Intelligence + Vision
score, difficulty 8. For each success achieved, a vision of the
future lasts for one minute. Visions of a year or two in
advance can come through relatively clearly, but glimpses of
the distant future are notoriously vague and disorienting.
Unlike Delve, this edge cannot generate sound.

The Storyteller makes the roll in case it fails or
botches. Ona fail, no vision appears and your Conviction
is wasted. On a botch, a wildly inaccurate, deceptively
false or devastatingly harrowing vision of the future ap-
pears (and Conviction is simply gone when the character
tries to draw upon it next). Even on a successful roll,
images could be based on a possible future, as determined
by the millions of decisions and coincidental events that
transpire to create reality. (Any Conviction points won
through a successful roll can be awarded quietly later, so
the player doesn't immediately know a vision is legiti-
mate.) The Storyteller should base images on events as
she knows them in the coming chronicle. However, some

events may specifically not occur, so no visions can be had
of them, despite successes rolled. If a character's ally has
died and he doesn't know it, searching for a vision of when
she will next come through his door is futile (at least,
that's true for her next living appearance).

Augur can be used only once per scene. Repeated efforts
inflict punishingheadaches and blurry images at best. Rumor
holds that the few hunters supposedly capable of this power

JT

a .

ah 2 Ga past gs Bes

are preoccupied with the future and barely manage to exist in
the present.

in

This is the Virtue of hunters who typically have one
clear, all-encompassing perspective on and answer to the
supernatural. For the most part that response is "destroy it."
If your character's first instinctive reaction to seeing a horror
is to take direct action against it, she is probably an adherent
of Zeal. She tends to act from notions of capital-letter Right
and Wrong. Her principles and maxims may not be usual or
even particularly agreeable, but they are hers and she up-
holds them tenaciously.

Denese

Zeal demands dedication, unswerving loyalty and pur-
pose. Defenders aspire to these qualities and seek to see
horrors destroyed. Yet, followers of this primary path recog-
nize the need to protect the people, places and things that
the war. If nothing remains when the battle is
done, what was it fought for?

must surviv

Defenders protect the normal people, but not with the
heedless abandon of some Martyrs. Defenders tend to be
thinkers and strategists who know they can't take the fight to
the enemy if their flank is exposed. Destroying the enemy is
pointless if they die in the process, or if they can achieve a
"victory" only by ruining what they hope to save.

Defenders tend to be optimistic. Ifa situation looks bad,
they make an orderly retreat and live to fight another night.
If the enemy brings the fight to theit doorstep, Defenders
struggle to the last drop of blood.

© Wao

Whether through sheer determination, monsters' fear,
or some invisible barrier, a Defender can keep supernatural
creatures at bay. They cannot approach her unless she
allows it or their will is stronger than hers. A character
using Ward sees and feels a crackling energy radiate from
her body. Creatures making contact with her aura spark a
static charge; no damage is done, but monsters' limits of
approach are demarcated.

System: Roll Stamina + Zeal, difficulty 6, when this
power is activated. The number of successes achieved must
be exceeded in a Stamina roll for each monster to approach
your character. The distance that creatures are held at bay is
one yard in radius for each point of Zeal your character
possesses. A monster already within that area when this
power is activated receives a Stamina roll immediately. If it
succeeds, the creature is unaffected. If the roll fails, the
monster staggers back to the power's perimeter.

Ward persists for the remainder of the scene. Each
creature is allowed one roll to penetrate it. A Willpower
point must be spent for a creature to allow itanother attempt.

CHAPTERS: THEHUNYER'SEDGE

oy eae


HUNTER: YHERECKONING

The edge does not affect other hunters or normal humans, and
those people may take shelter in your character's proximity.

A Defender doesn't have to concentrate on this power
for it to persist; she can fight and perform other actions while
warding. However, the power fails if your character is Inca-
pacitated, and it does not interfere with incoming ranged
attacks. If a creature is ever forced back and cornered by a
character using this edge, the monster may end up inside the
Defender's perimeter if the character approaches too close.
The monster "breaches" Ward automatically as a result of the
Defender's exuberance.

© © Rouvenare .

Defenders are remarkably hard to put down for good.
Minor injuries (slight abrasions, bruises) close up and heal
visibly. Strained joints stop swelling on their own and pop
back into place spontaneously. Even broken limbs straighten
out, lock into place and heal within days or sometimes hours.
Perhaps even more miraculous, Defenders can impart some
of their healing upon others.

System: Your character's health levels lost through
bashing damage heal at a rate of one every 10 minutes.

Lethal damage heals according to the following chart.
These rates supersede normal recovery times, but are still
cumulative. (It takes 21 hours to recover fully from Injured,
for example.)

Health Level Recovery Time
Bruised Three hours
Hurt Six hours

12 hours

One day

Three days

One week

Three weeks

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

The Defender lays his hands upon a subject to heal the
injuries of another. Spend Conviction to restore a subject's
most severe wound (her "lowest" lost level). One Convic-
tion must be spent to restore a level lost to bashing damage.
Two Conviction must be spent to restore a level lost to lethal
damage. That health level is restored in the same time it
takes a Defender with this edge to recuperate, as indicated
above — 10 minutes for a level lost to bashing damage, one
day for a Wounded level lost to lethal damage, for example.
Healing can be applied to other imbued, humans and even
willing supernatural creatures that possess bodies.

Destroyed is destroyed, of course, no matter who the
recipient of this power is.

Conviction cannot be used to enhance this edge; its
effects occur automatically.

Rejuvenate applies to healing health levels only; the
edge does not increase recovery time from drug or alcohol

Gee Se Lee ees Oy eee gO Qe

a Ney Can a,

abuse, or counteract poisons that do not reduce health
levels, for example. Likewise, the edge does not cure any
long-term illness such as cancer or re-grow lost appendages.

°° Bao
Your character's hand crackles with energy and, when
laid upon a supernatural creature, can burn a mark on it. This
sign isn't just skin deep; the brand smolders through any
clothing that covers it. Sturdy coverings like armor aren't j

burned through, but do become tremendously hot, possibly
enough to damage the wearer.

The brand is about the size of a palm and can be in the
shape of any symbol in the hunter image language. "Mon-
ster" or "Corruption" are commonly used (see p. 282for more
information). The sign is visible to everyone — even mor-
tals who aren't hunters. Furthermore, the brand can be seen
even if the target becomes invisible to normal sight or
changes appearance (the brand can still be seen by hunters
for whom second sight is not currently active).

Defenders use this power to mark the enemy for their
fellows to see, and to alienate victims from their own kind
(Brand does not affect objects, normal people or other
hunters). Although a visible brand doesn't expose a
shapechanger or bloodsucker as such, it certainly sets him
apart as the one-time opponent of another hunter, and
therefore as a possible threat to protect against. To the
uninitiated, such as normal people, a brand seems like a
disturbing — even ominous — tattoo.

System: To use this edge, your character must touch the
target, which may require a Dexterity + Brawl roll if the
target resists (no brawling damage can be done; punches are
insufficient to place a brand). Then roll Zeal, difficulty 6.
The number of successes achieved determines how long the
brand remains.

Successes Duration
1-2 One day
3-4 One week
5-6 One month
78 One year
9-10 Forever

Ifno successes are rolled, the sign doesn't take.

A brand is a constant source of irritation for a creature.
A target suffers one lethal health level for each success
achieved in your Zeal roll. That damage can be soaked if
possible for the creature in question (but at least one lethal
health level is always inflicted). All but one level of any
damage can be healed, and that last level passes only when
the brand fades. The sign persists no matter what form a
creature takes. It even marks disembodied spirits that your
character passes through. A brand can be removed prema-
turely, but only by the hunter who placed it.

7:8 Se eg ees oe.


A 2 Gee pat gs Ges

Investing Conviction in a Brand roll increases your
Zeal dice pool.

© 0 © © Cuxnriox

Sometimes, the best way to protect someone or some-
thing is to make the monster come to you. A Defender uses
this edge to force his foes to confront him instead of others.
Calling the enemy out is always a calculated risk. The
Defender doesn't want to sacrifice himself — he's not a
Martyr, after all — he simply draws attention to himself in
hopes of preserving another person or thing, and with the
intent of winning the battle. Indeed, Defenders this far
advanced along their path may acquire this edge because
they finally have the power to confront the enemy one-on-
one, as opposed to when they were newly imbued and kept
creatures at bay with Ward.

When this edge is activated, a monster has difficulty
focusing its attention on anything but your character, be-
cause the Defender appears to be the weakest "prey" among
the flock, the most compelling challenge, the most fun to toy
with or the most imposing danger. Your hunter's "appeal" is
determined by the motives or intentions of the offending
creature. This edge is often triggered by feigning weakness or
stupidity, or by a simple taunt: "You don't look so tough!" or
"Pick on someone your own size!

By diverting creatures, this edge presents tactical possi-
bilities that Defenders are quick to exploit. It can allow
others to slip past monsters unnoticed or lure monsters into
well-prepared ambushes.

System: A monster must have continuous and direct
line of sight to the Defender for this power to work. Spend
one Conviction point and roll Appearance + Zeal, difficulty
6. The Storyteller rolls the monster's Wits, difficulty 6, in a
resisted action (if a night-creature is truly ancient or power-
ful, Willpower may be rolled, instead). If your roll wins, the
monster focuses its attention on your character alone and
disregards others in the area, despite even its better judg-
ment. If the monster receives more successes, it may behave
normally and address whomever it wishes.

Each point of Conviction spent after the first in a single
use of this power causes Champion to affect two additional
monsters (one point affects one creature, two points can
affect up to three creatures, three points can affect up to five
monsters). A resisted Wits roll is made for each creature, in
turn, against your single Appearance roll. An individual
monster may overcome Champion (i.e., win the resisted roll)
without disrupting the effect upon its fellows.

Champion can be used against each creature only once
per scene. If an effort fails, another attempt cannot be made
against the same target that scene.

If a monster has no intention of attacking anyone in a
situation, activation of Champion doesn't force the creature
to attack the user. The creature might simply focus its
dialogue on your character alone, disregarding others in the
area. If the creature does intend harm but finds it impossible
to attack the Defender — say, the hunter is out of reach —
then the effect ends immediately. Thus, you cannot combine

this edge with Ward or Burden (the level-two Judgment
edge). Neither could your character invoke Champion and
then race for concealment. The Defender must stand his
ground and be prepared to receive attention or an attack, or
remain visible and be accessible to the monster.

The effects of Champion persist until the Defender
deactivates the edge (and he may choose to do so at any
time), until the hunter is rendered Incapacitated, or until
someone else attacks the supernatural. A monster regains
control when any of these situations occurs. However, a
creature can also make a conscious effort to break away while
Champion still applies. Make another resisted Wits roll
against the hunter's initial Appearance + Zeal successes.
Each such attempt costs the creature a Willpower point. One
attempt is allowed per turn and costs an action.

eo eee bum

When this edge is activated, your character is infused
with a searing energy. Visible to all hunters and supernatural
creatures alike, this energy looks like a seething, red-yellow
glow, almostas if your character has lava running through his
veins. Touching (or being touched by) a hunter in this state
is painful and damaging.

System: Roll Stamina + Zeal, difficulty 6, and spend two
Conviction points to activate this edge. Burn lasts one turn
for each success rolled. During that time, when anyone
touches or is touched by your character, roll lethal damage
dice equal to the number of successes you achieved. If your
character strikes someone barehanded, burn damage is added
to your brawling damage pool (and the whole attack is
considered lethal).

Burn does not damage inanimate objects (such as clothes
or tools) but can hurt any animate creature, including normal
people and disembodied spirits through which your character
passes. Burn can be deactivated at will, or ceases after your
successes run out or your character is Incapacitated.

Judenenr

Zeal makes demands upon all of its followers: to see the
supernatural destroyed. Avengers respond with punish
ment for the guilty. Defenders answer by singling out that
which must be protected or remembered, and damning the
rest. Followers of the primary path of Judgment walk the
line between. Judges prevail when it's clear that the un-
known cannot be tolerated, but when the greatest good is
not certain.

A Judge places all his faith in higher values and ideals.
However, unlike other adherents of Zeal, the Judge knows
that answers aren't necessarily obvious. You can't always cut
to the heart of the problem with a single blow. And some-
times protecting something in battle only makes you
responsible for it throughout the war. Many Judges, in fact,
question the instinctive reactions of their more direct or
determined colleagues. Judges don't do what they want, they
do what they have to, and they do what's right. If that means
sparing even monsters, despite innocent lives lost — perhaps

CHAPTERS: T HEHUNY ER' SEDGE


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

to discover the creatures' master — then that's the price of
the greater good.

© Discemn

Your character exhibits a hyper-alertness to supernatu-
ral creatures, a surreal perspective that allows her to perceive
things about the unknown that most could not. She might
notice that a hand laid on a desk leaves no heat impression,
that a person's eyes don't dilate with changing light, or that
a being simply doesn't breathe. Such information is usually
enough to determine the approximate kind of creature a
Judge faces.

Also, your character cannot be blinded, even if her
eyes are closed or she's in utter darkness. This power also
permits vision when your character's eyes have
(or torn out, for that matter). The hunter can see what's in
front of her face as if she were in a clear, well-lit room,
regardless of the real conditions. Even formerly bad eye-
sight is corrected miraculously.

System: This power is typically used under one of two
circumstances: When your character tries to identify a
supernatural creature, or when she tries to see in the dark or
when otherwise blind. In either case, roll Perception + Zeal,

usually against a difficulty of 6. The effects of Discern last for
10 minutes for each success rolled. Duration can be extended
for another 10 minutes for each Conviction point spent. The
power can be deactivated at will.

Second sight reveals creatures that use magic to hide,
that disguise themselves in unassuming forms, or that are
simply not human or alive, but it does not reveal the true
natures of those beings. Discern exposes the features that
identify those creatures. That which does not breathe might
be the walking dead. A brutish person with rapid breathing
might be a shapechanger. A newly dead spirit has now-
obvious deathmarks. A bloodsucker's pawn could have
abnormally bulging veins and pallid skin. Assuming a Judge
knows what kind of creature such details apply to, she can
coordinate an appropriate attack or defense. Discern can
therefore be used in conjunction with or can replace need for
second sight while the edge is in effect. Discern provides no
mind- or body-control protection, though.

Furthermore, if abomination activity has occurred re-
cently in an area or to a person, your character may sense
what kind of creature — restless spirit, walking dead, skin-
changer — was responsible with sufficient Discern successes


(two or more). This assumes she properly interprets any
evidence left behind — hair, blood, a corpse.

When avoiding blindness, ignore the Blind Fighting/
Fire rules (see p. 192).

This edge operates only when invoked. It'snot "alwayson."

© Bur

Your character can imprison a supernatural creature
briefly, fixing it to the ground where it stands (in some cases,
"freezing it in the space it occupies" might be more accurate).
Some Judges theorize that the overpowering scrutiny that
occurs with the edge is more than the guilty consciences of
monsters can bear, and they're immobilized.

Your character must look at the thing and hold it in her
gaze. (Eye-to-eye contact is not required. Blinking is al-
lowed, but looking away long enough to attack anything
else or pay attention to anything else sets the creature free.)
The entity can still act — speak, fight, use any powers it
possesses — but it cannot move more than a foot from
where it is. More than one creature can be burdened at one
time, as long as they can all be seen simultaneously. Some
creatures have capabilities that allow them to move into
other realms or at superhuman speeds. These powers can
sometimes be used to break free of Burden.

System: Your character glares at the creature (the Sto-
ryteller decides whether multiple targets stand close enough
together toall be captured in one look). Roll Stamina + Zeal.
The difficulty for an individual creature is Stamina +3. One
roll is also made to immobilize a group. Use the highest
Stamina from the group; if the roll fails, none of the creatures
is affected. For each success you get, the enemy is stuck for
one turn. If your character takes her eyes off the target(s)
during that time (or if her gaze is interrupted by some outside
influence), the "spell" is broken.

This edge does not work on human beings, not even
victims of paranormal creatures. However, people who have
been changed in some way by supernatural entities — given
powers or unnatural gifts — can be targeted normally. Thus,
person possessed by a spirit can be liberated with this power
ifthe spirit can be perceived and riveted to the spot. The host
may simply be pulled away; the spirit passes through and the
victim regains control of her body

While burdening a creature, your character has to keep
his eyes on that being. He can attack it or otherwise interact
with it, but attacking anything else frees the being. (And
some ferocious atte aged against the target itself may
even break your character's hold if he's forced to look away
at any point. The recoil from a shotgun, for example, may
cause your Judge to avert his eyes for a moment. The Story-
teller decides when such an overwhelming attack occurs.)

Beasts with powers of unnatural movement — amazing
speed, teleportation — can roll Stamina + the relevant Trait
to attempt to escape Burden. The difficulty is either 7 or your
character's Zeal rating, whichever is higher.

A » ee gat gs Bes

1 ow wee ee ee fa
ER, aera

© © © Barance

With this power, your character can deny an entity
access to its source of strength (usually an energy stolen from
humankind). To use this edge, your character must look at
the creature and verbally curse it in some fashion. This can
be anything from, "By my oath, no blood shall nourish you
today!" to a simple, "Starve, bastard!"

System: Roll Wits + Zeal. Your difficulty is the
opponent's Stamina +2. The opponent cannot use any
power or perform any function that requires supernatural
energy. In the case of the creatures presented in Chapter 9,
Willpower cannot be spent to utilize supernatural powers,
although it can still be used to perform "mundane" feats such
as get an automatic success while performing an action. The
effect lasts for one hour per success rolled, even if the
creature leaves your character's vicinity.

0006 Paser

A character with this edge is a human lie detector.
When she hears a falsehood, she typically experiences a
distinct (and very unpleasant sensation). The feeling is
different for each hunter. Some perceive it as a foul smell,
others as a queasy feeling, still others as a brief flash of light.
Whatever form the warning takes, it is unique and cannot be
mistaken for anything else.

Furthermore, your character develops a specialized
form of postcognition — the ability to share a subject's
memories of the past. Specifically, if your character touches
a person who has had an encounter with a supernatural
being, she hasa vision of that person's most recent encoun-
ter. If your character touches a supernatural creature, she
receives a vision of the creature's past — either looking
back on its encounters with a certain object, person or
place, or casting back to a specific, short period of time
("What were you doing on the night of July 9, 19942").

These visions are all silent.

System: Pierce operates for a full scene at the cost of one
Conviction. When a lie is told in your character's presence,
the Storyteller rolls dice equal to your character's Percep-
tion + Zeal, difficulty 6. If the power is successful and the
statement is a lie, the falsehood is detected, no matter how
skilled the liar. If the power fails, your character doesn't
know one way or the other. Furthermore, if the roll is
successful but no lie is told, the hunter doesn't know that
anything is out of sorts (clever Storytellers sometimes make
rolls when a character with Pierce hears the truth, just to
keep the player honest). If you want to risk Conviction
points on a lie-detection Pierce roll, tell the Storyteller how
many and he can incorporate the results into the roll.

To gain visions of the past, the Judge must touch the
being concerned. No Conviction points need be spent for
this version of the edge. Make a Perception + Zeal roll,
difficulty 7 (this difficulty may be increased if the target
resists physically or if special measures have been taken to
obscure the subject's memories). If the roll is successful, a
vision is seen. In the case of a human subject, the vision is
of his last contact with a supernatural being. Remember,

CHAPTERS: 1 HEHUNYER'SEDGE


SS wae SEES @ Sy

these images are from the subject's memory. He might not
have witnessed events that occurred around him in his past.
Conversely, he might suppress memories that your character
can draw to the fore.

In the case of a supernatural subject, you must stipulate
a memory associated with a specific person, place or object.
Alternatively, yourcharacter may witnessacreature's memory
of a specific time — a day, evening, hour or even moment.
In fact, the Storyteller could insist on memories relevant to
an object and a time frame.

The number of successes achieved in a Perception +
Zeal roll to witness memories determines how far back your
character can look. A perceived event can have occurred as
far back as one week for each success rolled.

One roll cannot be made to activate lie detection and
to look into a subject's memories; the two effects must be
rolled separately.

eee Fy

When your character uses this edge, the normal people
around him become aware of any supernatural beings in
their presence. The creatures are immediately perceptible
for what they truly are, despite how they seek to hide
themselves with unnatural powers. The effect does not apply
to revealing hunters as anything unusual; most look per-
fectly normal.

System: Roll Zeal, difficulty 8, and spend two Convic-
tion points. The number of successes achieved indicates how
far from your character the effect extends.

A 15-foot radius
A 50-foot radius
Acity-block

An acre

A one-mile radius

I Success

2-3 Successes
4-5 Successes
6-7 Successes
8+ Successes

This edge reveals all monsters in the area with the most
horrific aspect of their appearance. This visage is momen-
tary, but enough to expose a creature as an abomination. A
vampire looks like a blood-lusting horror, a shapechanger
appears as a man-beast, and a ghost is a looming spectral
figure. A creature doesn't actually change in any way; it's
appearance simply alters to human onlookers.

Howcommon people respond to the horrors that they're
exposed to depends on the circumstances. Essentially, they
see creatures just as your character first saw them upon being
imbued. However, normal people still have a sanity mecha-
nism that tells them to run and hide from many monsters, or
that rationalizes what they witness to interpret it as harm-
less. So Expose doesn't necessary bring torch-bearing hordes
to your character's side. But, then again, the same sturdy
people who could confront a cocky or careless hunter who

presents himself publicly might just as easily act against a
monstrous entity (see Edge Appearances, p. 145).

Certainly, exposing a creature to human sight undoes
all the stealth and secrets behind which the monster hides,
so this edge can save a hunter's very life — the creature
unveiled may flee rather than remain exposed. And reveal-
ing a mayoral candidate as a night-creature can't do his
campaign any good, even if people don't quite recall what it
was that was wrong with him.

Expose does not create the circumstances required to
imbue anyone. Human witnesses do not suddenly become
hunters or bystanders. The edge can be used only once per
ts sweeping effect is taxing.

Vengeaner

This primary path takes Zeal and runs with it. Those
who follow it are widely called Avengers, but are also known
as punishers, executioners or slayers. In the United States'
bible belt, they're sometimes called "soldiers of God."

Avengers are obsessed with settling the score. Evil
must be punished. Compromise is not an option. Without
swift, terrible retribution for the guilty, life consists of little
more than fear of evil and an unfounded hope for safety. It
doesn't matter if revenge isn't pleasant or convenient or
safe: It is essential.

Avengers' primary goals are to attack and destroy. The
best defense is a strong offense. Sometimes mishaps occur or
the wrong people get hurt in the process, but that's the price
paid for cleansing the Earth.

© Cute

Any melee weapon your character wields suddenly
becomes much more potent. The weapon can already be
dangerous — a knife, a baseball bat — or be fairly harmless
—astick, a broken bottle. Even your character's own fist or
body becomes deadly. There are also stories of hunters
brandishing red-hot, glowing blades, and a rumor of a one-
armed hunter growing a phantom limb with which to strike
at the enemy. Regardless of the form a weapon takes, it can
damage just about anything it touches — werewolves, ghosts,
stout doors, intrusive people.

A weapon created spontaneously with this power
persists as long as your character wills it to or while she
remains conscious. Existing weapons that are empowered
can endure only so much punishment before being ruined.
An empowered object doesn't necessarily look any differ-
ent, but it feels warm to the touch to the wielding hunter,
and seems to vibrate with energy of its own. In cases of
manifested blades and limbs, only hunters and supernatu-
ral beings can see the weapons.

System: Your character empowersasingle held weapon
or manifests a weapon where none was before. Roll Dexter-
ity + Brawl or Melee to attack, as normal. An existing
weapon that's empowered inflicts an additional +2 dam-
age. All damage is also lethal, no matter what is normally
appropriate to the item used. A spontaneously manifested
weapon does Strength +2 lethal damage. Cleave attacks

scene;

natin =. 108 SE ees ee.


aA 2 Bee pet ge Bs

can harm immaterial beings and normal people. When
Conviction is invested in Cleave, the extra dice are added
toa single attack dice pool; any subsequent successes are
added to the damage dice pool.

The downside to this power is that hand-held weapons
can't endure the energy that courses through them. A crow-
bar eventually snaps. A baseball bat shatters. A fire ax splits.
Once this power is activated, a melee weapon is useable in
combat for one turn for each point that it adds to Strength for
determining damage (see the Melee Weapons Chart, p.
198). Thus, a knife (Strength +1 damage) lasts for one turn
of use with Cleave before breaking. A club (Strength +2
damage) lasts for two turns. An ax (Strength +3 damage)
lasts for three turns.

‘Theonly way tokeepamelee weapon from being destroyed
and remaining useable beyond its time limit is to make a Zeal
roll, difficulty 6, in every subsequent tum (this roll isa reflexi
action). If the roll succeeds, the weapon can be used to attack
with Cleave again in that tum. If the roll fails, the weapon is
ruined. This Zeal roll represents your character's effort to
harness and control his passion for the cause.

Cleave applies to melee weapons only, not ranged ones.
Spontaneously fabricated weapons are relatively rare among
hunters. Individuals who can create red-hot swords out of
thin air somehow believe themselves able to twist reality to
begin with, whether due to derangements, amazing will or
staunch belief in religion or fate. If your character's worldview
can't rationalize his defiance of physics — even with the
knowledge that monsters are real — then he probably im-
proves upon weapons already held.

ee Tran

Your character touches a supernatural target and causes
that person or thing to leave a smoky streamer behind it. This
trail is usually visible only to the hunter who places it, although
characters using Discem, Witness or Illuminate may perceive
others' trails. The streamer roils in the direction in which the
subject traveled. A trail can neither be touched or felt. Likewise,
it cannot be dissipated by wind, by being walked through or by
anything else that would scatter a physical fog.

A creature or person being followed cannot see the trail
unless it specifically possesses preternatural perceptions
(Storyteller's discretion).

System: All your character has to do is touch (or in some
cases pass through) a supernatural target to activate this
power. Roll Perception + Zeal, difficulty 6. The trail lasts six
hours for each success achieved. Duration can be measured
in days, instead, if point of Conviction is spent. Alll of your
character's trails are identical.

Some supernatural creatures can pass into spaces differ-
ent from humanity's physical world. Ifa creature does so, the
trail ends abruptly where the creature phased out or disap-
peared. The trail resumes when the beast returns to the
physical world.

Spotting a trail is difficulty 7 for the Discern, Illuminate
and Witness edges. This is also the difficulty for creatures
with supernatural perceptions.

This power does not affect mundane people or objects.

© © © Swans

This edge produces a cloud of thick black smoke. Some
smolder clouds appear sourceless. Others must be exhaled by
the creator. A cloud shields the hunter from all mortal percep-
tion and from most supernatural awareness. Sight, smell, all
heat perception and most hearing is baffled. If your character
fires a shotgun from concealment within a smolder cloud, the
sound of the shot is about as loud as a finger snap.

System: It takes one action to use this edge. Roll
Manipulation + Zeal, difficulty 7. The cloud fills a roughly
10-cubic-foot area. For each Conviction point spent, this
area increases by another 10 cubic feet (multiple uses of
Smolder achieve the same effect, if time permits). Your
character can also choose to create a smaller cloud, if she
desires, at no Conviction expense. The cloud lasts for one
turn for each success achieved in the creation roll, but can be
dissipated prematurely if your character desires.

The difficulties of all attack rolls within and into the
cloud increase by three. The creator and any other hunters
can see through the cloud normally if second sight is active.
The Storyteller decides if any supernaturals' particularly
applicable senses can pierce the cloud (difficulty 7 if any roll
is allowed); most cannot, not even those of many spirits.

@0ee Sun

A character who uses Surge feels a tingling sensation
course through his limbs. With but a thought, this sensation
can be directed to different body parts. It can be poured into
muscles and used for extraordinary bursts of strength, chan-
neled through the nerves for remarkable speed, or shunted
into the bones and skin to absorb damage.

System: Spend a point of Conviction. You now have
a pool of points equal to your character's Zeal to allocate
on a one-for-one basis to his Strength, Dexterity and/ or
Stamina. No Attribute may be raised higher than 6, and
any excess points are wasted. Attributes remain inflated
for the remainder of the scene. Because there are no rolls
involved directly with this edge, Conviction points can-
not be risked on its use.

ee e Sunt

The faithful like to call this effect "the Wrath of God."
Your character gestures, and something that's not quite
lightning and not quite fire erupts from her body and (usu-
ally) incinerates whatever she's pissed at. Smite is not subtle:
It produces a blazing light, a deafening crash and an acrid
ammonia stench. Electronic equipment within 20 feet is
usually scrambled, glass breaks, metal surfaces are discolored
and people nearby often suffer nose bleeds.

System: Spend a point of Conviction. Roll Dexterity +
Zeal, difficulty 6. Any successes achieved after the first are
added to Strength and rolled in a lethal damage pool.
Maximum range equals your character's Zeal score in yards.
Supernatural and human targets can be damaged.

ies &

CHAPTERS: THEHUNY ER SEDGE

Et Es


Oo

Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page —

8 ¢ Fw 2
=I
Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit!_ Homepage History Printing ve Preferences

HTML ste: Retp: Jase hanter-netorg/hone/chat Real

fis af na i Ypyy 8
pO Valentin iluigenilot

Email Program

Subject: [Re: Never the Same ]

To: [ hunter. list@hunter-net.org fe) [s)
From: | Potter 116

Copied To:[

Gi
MSde Mestaiges

People who haven't seen me in several months (which is almost everyone I know)
don't recognize me anymore. That's odd, because I know myself now better than | ever
have. I see outwardly what must have been hidden inside for a long, long time. No more
crystals or Celtic trinkets. My long hair has been cut. If I make myself up anymore, it's for
a fight, not to appeal to other people. | don't need New Age trappings or my old life to save
myself. I've found my path, and now I need to show others the way, too. Some of them
won't go easily. That's fine. Ifa little forceful persuasion doesn't help, they'll be left behind.
There are too many people and there's too little time.


HUNY ER: YHERECKONING

And I will deliver thee out of the hand of the
wicked, and I will redeem thee out of the hand of

the terrible.
— Jeremiah 15:21

All games have rules. In most games, rules delineate the
boundaries of fairness, define cheating and ensure that every-
one starts on equal footing. Ina storytelling game such as this
one, rules take a back seat to the story, but they still have a
very important role. Rules give structure to your game and
allow your Storyteller an unbiased method of determining
the outcome of character actions in those situations where
fairness is a factor. Your Storyteller can also fall back on the
rules and have you and your fellow players roll dice to add
randomness to your story's events. The dice, in this case,
represent fate. Sometimes things just don't work out as
planned. Fate's fickle finger touches your story through rolls
of the dice.

7.) OS a eee te.

>

ER 6:
HE HUNT
LS

Hunter: The Reckoning rules, presented in this chap-
ter, help you coordinate combat scenes as well as any number
of other situations that might occur in your game. Offered as
a guideline only, they're as flexible as you want to make them.
In the end, your Storyteller has the final say in all things. He
uses the rules like a tool, to tweak here, to snip there, always
with the progression and benefit of the story in mind. Some
Storytellers use the rules to the letter, with strict and regular
application. Others forego the rules entirely and guide the
story interpretively. Both methods are valid; most storytelling
approaches fall somewhere between these two extremes. The
game is yours to do with as you please.

le


Time flies when you're having fun, or so they say. Ina
storytelling game, time not only flies, it slows, crawls and
warps. During the course of your game, you'll find that time
does some strange things. How you control the passage of
time affects the smoothness of play. You and your players
imagine events as they transpire, talking them out and
rolling results. Thus, real time and your game's imaginary
time differ. When your characters enter combat, it may take
real-time minutes to roleplay mere seconds of game time.
Alternately, you may wish to cover weeks of game time in just
a few real-time minutes, assuming nothing worthy of atten-
tion occurs in that period. As in a novel, the authors of the
story — you and your players — can gloss over intervals
between important events or slow the progression to a crawl
when detailing critical moments.

Six basic units describe the passage of time in Hunter.
Like puzzle pieces, these small units combine to form larger
images until you can see the big picture

© Turn — The smallest increment, and often the most
important, a turn ranges anywhere from three seconds to
three minutes, depending on the pace of events. It's the
amount of time it takes a character to perform one action.
When your Storyteller announces that play is measured in
turns, he determines the length of time that passes during
those turns, and it's crucial that he hold everyone to the same
standard. To have one character live through three minutes
in a turn while another lives through only three seconds
makes no sense. The length of a turn can vary between
events; however it must remain constant for all at any one
particular moment.

* Scene — A scene in a roleplaying game resembles a
scene in a theatrical play. Your Storyteller sets the stage, and
the players take their roles. The scene evolves in one loca-
tion and usually encompasses a single, specific event. The
flow of time within a scene may vary greatly. It may be pla
out in turns, it may run parallel to real time, or your Story-
teller and fellow players may choose to fast-forward through
parts of it, so long as the location and the general events do
not change.

yed

For example, a scene may begin with combat, which is
measured in turns. It may then slip back into real time as
your characters discuss what to do with the bodies of the
monstrosities they just killed. After a fast-forward through
loading the bodies onto a truck, the scene may return to real
time as your characters argue over who will drive. All
events occur in the same scene, at the same location, but
time warps throughout to focus on the fun and important
parts. Your Storyteller determines when one scene ends and
another begins.

© Chapter — For the most part, a chapter represents one
| game session. From the moment you sit down and assume
your role to the moment you pack up your dice, you play out

a chapter in the story. Your Storyteller has specific chal-
lenges planned for the night's episode. The end of each
chapter should leave you wanting more, asking questions,
and with a sense of the session's relative completion.

© Story — A story tells one entire tale, whether it
comprises several chapters or is completed ina single session.
Ithas an introduction, a plot arc that involves rising conflict,
and a climax that brings events to a conclusion.

* Chronicle — In the big picture, the term "chronicle'
refers toa collection of stories, a saga. Your Storyteller has a
goal in mind for the chronicle, a possible destination for your
characters, a theme or overarching plot line that connects all
chapters of the proverbial novel together. As your game
progresses, you and your fellow players write your chronicle,
linking parts and pieces together and developing a full-
blown epic.

* Downtime — When your Storyteller decides to fast-
forward and skim over a period of time, he invokes
"downtime." You may summarize events that transpire dur-
ing downtime, but you do not actually play them out. Your
Storyteller may say something like, "Okay, you spend the
night in the warehouse. At dawn, voices in the alley outside
awaken you." Nothing happened while your characters slept,
so there's no reason to play it out. Your Storyteller leaps
ahead to the next interesting event.

Sivetz Reriors

You play your character by describing the thingshe does,
the "actions" he performs. These activities may be as simple
as looking at something or as complex as flying a helicopter.
Depending on the challenge of the action, your Storyteller
may request that you roll dice to determine whether your
character succeeds. In Hunter, a single action that occurs in
one turn is called a simple action. Other types of actions are
described below. In most instances, your character's actions
succeed automatically by virtue of their ease. For example,
speaking is not normally challenging. However, if another
character intimidates yours into silence, a die roll may decide
whether your character perseveres to speak his mind.

Rertxiess

Certain feats that yout character attempts do not
count as actions and thus do not take up an entire turn.
These "free actions," called reflexives, occur instantly
and require no thought or direction from your charac-
ter. Examples may include using Conviction (hunters'
vigor for their war) to perceive the supernatural,
risking Conviction in an edge roll, spending Will-

power (to ensure that an attempted action succeeds,
no matter what) or soaking damage (to ignore oravoid
wounds). Reflexives do not interfere with your
character's regular action that turn. Their instanta-
neous, instinctual and autonomousnature makes them
occur even though other activities occupy your
character's attention.

CHAPYERG:LAWS OF THEHUNY


HUNYER: THE RECKONING

Rotem Dice

Your Storyteller has two options when deciding the
outcome of your character's proposed action: (1) He can
simply make the call himself, announcing the outcome that
he feels enriches the game, or (2) he can request that you roll
appropriate dice to determine the course of events randomly.

Hunter uses 10-sided dice that you can purchase in any
game store. Each player needs about 10 of these dice, while
your Storyteller needs more.

Ravies

As explained in Chapter 4, you begin to describe your
character by distributing points to his Traits. These point
values represent your character's innate abilities, learned
aptitudes and life experience. Your character has certain
strengths and weaknesses, just like a real person. Your
character may be acrack shot witha rifle or he may not know
one end of a gun from the other. You assign a point value
from zer0 to five to each of your character's Traits, based on
the following scale:

Abysmal
Poor
Average

Good
Exceptional
Superb

Using Abilities as an example, no points (dots) in a
Trait means that your character has never learned that
particular Skill, Talent or Knowledge. One dot represents a
basic understanding of it. Two means your character falls
into the average human range in his grasp of the ability.
With three to five dots, your character surpasses the average
human being and is said to have honed the ability to good,
exceptional or superb degrees.

Your character's Trait ratings determine how many dice
you roll when your character attempts actions related to
those Traits. The Storyteller decides which Traits apply to
a proposed action. He announces these Traits and you roll
one 10-sided die for each dot you have assigned to those
Traits. The number of dice that you roll is called your dice
pool. The number of dice in your pool varies based on the
nature of the action and the applicable Traits.

A dice pool typically consists of a number of dice equal
to your character's relevant Attribute rating (a measure of
strength, intelligence or charm), plus that of an appropriate
Ability. That is, you use both your character's innate At-
tributes and learned Abilities to determine how well she
succeeds at the attempted action. For simplicity and game

i ge SE oe wes Py eee gO eee

a

AN ee

7.8 SE ag ees te.

on

balance, your Storyteller should never allow you to combine
more than one Attribute or Ability in a dice pool.

Example: Pauline states that her character, Kara, attempts
to punch her opponent. The Storyteller decides that Kara's
Dexterity Attribute and Brawl Ability apply to the situation
Pauline adds up the dots she has in Dexterity and Brawl, picks up
that number of dice and rolls versus a difficulty determined by the
Storyteller (see Difficulties, below) .

If your character has no dots in an applicable Ability
(Talents, Skills or Knowledges), your Storyteller may allow
you a dice pool equal to your score in the Attribute relevant
to the action attempted. Your character's innate Attribute
still offers you a chance to succeed, albeit a small one. The
Storyteller determines which Attribute Trait applies to a
specific action, and he may increase the difficulty number
(see Difficulties, below) by one to represent the increased
challenge. However, your Storyteller is not obligated to let
you roll an Attribute score alone if it doesn't make sense in
the situation.

Example: Pauline wants Kara to attempt to charm a police-
man into not issuing her a speeding ticket. Kara has no points in
Subterfuge, but the Storyteller may allow Pauline to roll a dice
pool equal to Charisma only. In this case, Kara's natural
Charisma applies to the situation, even though she has no special
talent for talking her way out of trouble.

Now, if Kara wanted to perform surgery on someone but
didn't have the Medicine Ability, the action could not be at-
tempted at all.

Some Traits, such as Willpower, have maximum ratings
of 10, which is higher than Ability or Attribute Traits can
be. Your Storyteller should not usually combine these spe-
cial Traits with others to produce your dice pools. For the
most part, these high-rated Traits stand alone. The excep-
tion fora hunter is your character's Virtue Traits — his Zeal,
Mercy and Vision. Your character's Virtue ratings are often
combined with Attributes to form dice pools when using
hunter edges, the powers of the imbued.

=

Other Traits, such as certain Backgrounds (see Chapter
4) replace Abilities in a dice pool to add variety to Trait use.
Your Storyteller always decides when you roll and which
Traits form such a dice pool.

Drricutres

When you roll your dice pool, you need a target, a
difficulty number that you have to meet or beat. This
number ranges from 2 to 10. Your Storyteller determines this
number for you. Once you know your difficulty number, you
roll your dice pool and each die that matches or exceeds the
difficulty number gives you one success. The number of
successes you roll tells you how well your character com-
pletes the attempted action. You need only one success to
pull off a task minimally. The more successes you roll, the
more easily and completely your character triumphs.

Example: Pauline states that she wants to have Kara attempt
to pick the lock to an apartment, the home of a suspected vampire
pawn. Pauline's Storyteller advises her to gather a dice pool
representing the number of dots she has in the Intelligence

ony


A » We past gs Bs

Attribute and the Security Ability, and to roll them versus a
difficulty of 6. Pauline adds her total dots and rolls her pool of six
dice. She gets 2,4,6,7, 7 and9. Pauline achieves four successes.
Kara manages to break into the apartment quite easily.

The default difficulty of any task is 6. Obviously, lesser
difficulties make a task easier; higher ones make a task
harder. Any time this rulebook or your Storyteller fails to
give you a difficulty number, assume it to be the average, 6.

Your Storyteller has the final say on difficulty numbers.
He determines whether the attempted action is nearly
impossible or impossibly easy, based on the situation. A
difficulty number of 10 represents an almost insurmountable
challenge — you have an equal chance of botching (see
below) as you do of succeeding. On the other hand, a
difficulty of 2 represents a task so easy that your character
barely has to think about it to accomplish it, and itisn't even
worth rolling. These extremes should be rare. Difficulty
numbers fall in the 3 to 9 range most of the time. Many
modifiers and situational factors may play into this decision.

Ultimately, a result of 10 is always a success, no matter
the difficulty number.

Successes, FAILURES AND Bor cHEs

There's a catch to counting your successes in Hunter.
Isn't there always a catch? You don't get to keep them all.
Any "Is" that you roll must be subtracted from your total
number of suc . It doesn't matter how many successes
you roll, if you roll enough "1s" to cancel them out, your
character fails the attempted action. If you roll no successes
at all, but roll at least one "1," the result is a botch (see
below), and that'sa very bad thing. Storytellers love botches;
players hate them.

Example: Kara has just learned the hard way that the world
is home to horrific affronts to nature and sanity. Now, she
desperately waves a hastily grabbed board in the face of a
monstrosity that, by all rights, should be dead. Pauline an-
nounces that Kara attempts to hide her terror and, with luck,
drive the thing away.

The Storyteller asks for a Manipulation + Intimidation roll
with a difficulty number of 6. Kara has two dots in Manipulation
and two more in Intimidation. Pauline rolls her four-die pool and
gets 1, 4, 6 and 8: two successes. However, she also rolls a "1."

Dericutres
Easy — running on flat pavement

Routine — finding a number in the phone book
Straightforward — telling a little white lie to a stranger
Standard — firing a gun, highway driving, tracking
‘Challenging — driving in city traffic

Difficult — driving in a car chase

Extremely difficult — maneuvering a U-tum at 60 mph

CHAPY ERG:LAWSOF YHEHUNY

Iecancels out one of her successes, leaving her with a total of one
success. Kara marginally succeeds at her attempted action. The
Storyteller describes how the zombie narrows its eyes at Kara,
appears frustrated at choosing a difficult mark and shambles
away. Pursuit does not even occur to Kara, who nearly collapses
with fear. é

Fruures

It's a shame when it happens, but it does happen. You
either roll no successes or roll more "1s" than successes. If
either occurs, your character fails his attempted action.
Quite simply, he blows it. His shot misses, he can't figure
out what is wrong with the car engine, or he turns onto a
dead-end street and screws up his attempt to outrun the
cops. Whatever the case, a failure may disappoint, but it
doesn't hold the same catastrophic potential as a botch
(see below).

Example: Kara overhears a conversation among what seem
to be street people. Normally, the odd word about eating would be
understandable, but "feeding on blood?" She wants to sneak closer
to hear better.

The Storyteller asks Pauline to roll Dexterity + Stealth,
difficulty 6. Pauline rolls her dice pool: 2, 2, 4, 4 and 5. No
successes. The Storyteller describes how, as Kara approaches the
window, old boards at her feet groan slightly. The sound doesn't
seem audible enough to alert the strangers, but Kara doesn't want
to take another step for fear of making more noise. She halts her

attempt at silent approach

Boreas

If a failure hurts, then a botch tortures. If you roll even
a single "1" but no successes, you botch and bad things
happen to your character. A failure simply means that your
character does not accomplish his attempted action, but
nothing truly horrid occurs. A botch takes that one step
further. Not only does your character fail his attempted
action, his life gets a lot more complicated.

Your Storyteller decides what results from a botch. The
possibilities are endless. In most situations, a catastrophe
occurs. If you botch while your character attempts to shoot
agun, the weapon may jam. If you botch while your character
jumps from one roof to another, he may fall. Simply failing
these rolls might mean that your character misses the shot or
barely latches onto the far roof by his fingertips. Degree of

Decuzzs 0 Success

One Success Marginal — good enough for now

Moderate — you did okay

Three Successes Complete — task accomplished
perfectly

Four Successes Exceptional — you get a bonus

Five+ Successes Phenomenal — nobody does it

Two Successes

<a pee SE Loe eee ry eens gO Qe

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

danger differentiates between a failure and a botch. A failure
usually results in a mild threat, whereas a botch lands your
character in deep trouble.

Botches allow the Storyteller to create odd but interest-
ing consequences for your abysmal failure. Instead of making
your gun jam, the Storyteller may decide that the bullet
ricochets off a brick wall and hits an innocent bystander.
Instead of leaving your character dangling precariously from
the roof, the Storyteller might let him cross — only to find
himself the middle of a Mafia execution!

Botches don't necessarily mean your character has to
die, only that fate has thrown gigantic monkey wrench into
the works. A clever Storyteller uses a botch to raise tension
anotch and introduce new opponents or provide impetus for
character development. How would your character come to
terms with shooting an innocent child accidentally? Botches
make for good drama.

Example: Kara has always had an overactive imagination
and an overconfident attitude. Standing on a bridge that overlooks
the river, she sees a hulking figure drag a little girl into the cabin of
@ boat. Pauline announces that Kara attempts to jump from the
bridge onto the deck of the boat as it passes beneath her. The

Storyteller asks Pauline to roll Dexterity + Athletics, diffi-

culty 6. Kara has 3 Dexterity and 1 Athletics.
Pauline rolls: 1, 3, 3 and 5. She achieves

Pe ee

no successes and one "1." She botches.

The Storyteller describes how Kara climbs over the railing
and prepares to jump. As the boat passes beneath, she slips and
falls to the deck, where she lies stunned and immobile. The hideous
figure looms above her, laughing at her pathetic display. It raises
@ gaff into the air and swings it at her head.

Auvomarte Successes

Who wants to spend the entire game rolling dice? They
detract from the game's flow and turn player attention from
story to rules. Hunter therefore offers a quick and easy
without rolling dice. In
xceeds the difficulty num-
ber of the attempted action, the feat succeeds automatically.
You succeed only marginally, though, the equivalent of

method for determining succe:
situations where your dice pool

rolling one success. If you want greater success, you have to
roll, but risk failing or even botching. You cannot get
automatic successes during combat or stressful scenes; you
have to roll. Automatic successes apply primarily to situa-
tions where the attempted action could be accomplishe¢
easily, without resistance.

There's also another way to get an automatic success on
a roll: Simply spend a Willpower point (p. 125). You can do
this only once per turn, and since you have a limited supply
of Willpower you can't do it too often, but it can certainly
help when you're under pressure to succeed.

a


Mucritz Rerioss

Your character has to act fast. Can he do two
things at once? That remains to be seen, but he can
certainly try. Let's say your character needs to dodge
around a comer while shooting at the "corpse" in
pursuit — two actions, one turn. Both actions suffer
from the attempt to perform them simultaneously.

In order to attempt multiple actions, announce
all the things you want your character to do and the
order in which you will roll them. Your character can
attempt as many feats as you wanthim to try, though
the more he divides his attention, the less chance he
has of succeeding at any of them. Use an appropriate
dice pool for this first action. From it, however,
remove a number of dice equal to the total number of
actions you want your cl cter to attempt this turn
(two if she's trying two actions, three ifshe's attempt-
ing three actions). Then, roll the first attempted
action from the reduced dice pool.

Once you have determined the outcome of the
first action, prepare to roll the second. Take the
appropriate dice pool, remove a number of dice equal
to the total number of actions attempted, as before,
but also remove one more die. For each consecutive
action after the second, continue to remove an
additional die, cumulatively, from the pool. Thus,
the third action loses two extra dice; the fourth
action loses three dice, and so on. If your dice pool is
reduced to zero, you cannot attempt that action.

Example: Pauline wants Kara to attempt a drive-
by shooting. Kara must not only fire her weapon, but
she must also keep her car on the road. To complicate
matters, someone shoots back at her and she wants to
dodge by ducking down in her car. Three actions
Pauline decides that Kara would give most of her
attention to driving, then shooting, then dodging.

Pauline's Storyteller determines that Wits + Drive
make up Pauline's dice pool for the first action. Kara
has 3 Wits and 2 Drive. Pauline's primary dice pool
consists of five dice. She removes three dice because
Kara attempts three separate actions in one turn.
Pauline rolls two dice to control the car.

For the second action, Pauline's Storyteller calls
for a Wits + Firearms roll. Kara has 3 Wits and 3
Firearms. Pauline's primary dice pool contains six
dice. Three dice are removed because Kara attempts
three separate actions in the same turn. She also loses
‘one extra die, because this is the second of those
actions. Pauline now has a dice pool of two.

On the last action, the Storyteller announces that
Pauline's primary dice pool consists of Dexterity +
Dodge. Kara has 3 Dexterity and 4 Dodge. There are
seven dice in Pauline' initial pool. Three are removed
because Kara attempts three separate actions. Two
more are removed because this is the third of those
actions. Pauline once again rolls two dice.

CHAPYERG:LAWS OF T HEHUNY

Comvicrion
Exclusive to hunters, your character's Conviction score a
represents her determination, passion and vigor in the fight
against that which should notexist. You establish your character's
Conviction rating during character creation. Once perscene,
you may risk any orall of your character's Conviction points,
thus adding a number of dice to a dice pool equal to the
number of Conviction points you wager.

The limitation here is that Conviction is spent to
increase dice pools when hunter edges are used. Conviction

cannot be used like Willpower to gain an automatic success,
nor does it add extra dice to "mundane" actions

ch as
jumping, researching, driving or shooting. Conviction can

be used to increase edge dice pools only.
Foramore detailed explanation of Conviction, seep. 132.

‘Trvnerr Roam
Persistence often pays off, but prolonged failure can
result in frustration, fatigue and diminished

elf-confidence.
When your character fails an attempted action, the Story-

teller may choose to let her try again.
In most situations, the task gets more difficult with each

successive attempt after a failure. To represent these dimin-

ishing returns, the Storyteller increases the difficulty number

for each subsequent attempt by one, cumulatively. The more

your character fails and keeps trying, the more difficult the

task becomes. Barring in-game time constraints, your char-

acter may keep trying for as long as the Storyteller allo

However, continued failure eventually renders the task
impossible. The difficulty number gets so high that the
chance of success is eliminated, and your character ends up

beating his head against the proverbial wall. If you botch, the
Storyteller might not allow your character to continue trying

and may even rule that he ruins his tools permanently, loses
the evidence irrevocably or destroys the object completely.

The nature of the action determines whether this rule
applies. It might if your character attempts to pick a lock,
persuade someone of something, parallel park, research a
topic at the library or wriggle free of ropes that bind her. It
does not apply if your character fails an attempt to shoot
someone, to detect an ambush, to catch a baseball, to notice

aclue or todo anything else at which she has only one chance
to succeed.

Example: Kara manages to break into the office of a suspect
businessman. She turns on his computer and weeds through files |

to search for the names and addresses of the firm's associates. The
Storyteller requests that Pauline roll Intelligence + Computer,
difficulty 6. Pauline rolls and gets a failure.

The Storyteller allows Kara to keep trying, as she has all night
to rifle through the computer. However, the Storyteller adds one
tothe difficulty number of the second attempt. Pauline has to meet y
or beat a7. She fails again.

Kara becomes tired and frustrated, but keeps at it. On the
third attempt, the Storyteller raises the stakes and tells Pauline


HUNT ER: THE RECKONING

she must now roll versus a difficulty of 8. The longer Kara
persists without success, the more careless she becomes. She
begins to think the information probably isn't even in the
computer and tires of looking through the files. Her chances of
success gradually diminish.

ConpLicarions

The basic rules, described above, are all that you need to
begin play. Everything hereafter clarifies and expands on
those rules by offering more in-depth methods of dealing with
specific situations. The following three sections describe
general approaches to complex situations that might arise. For
plenty of situation-specific complications, see Chapter 7.

Exraoep Reviors

Atsome point, your character may attempt an action
that requires prolonged success, such as climbing a cliff or
tracking a feral creature through the woods. A single die
roll doesn't do the task justice. Even though your charac-
ter may succeed partially, that doesn't mean he's able to
reach his ultimate goal. That's where the extended ac-
tions rules come in. Compared to a simple action, which
requires only one success to achieve, an extended action
requires multiple successes for a marginal victory. It may
require you to roll multiple times, as well.

When your character attempts an extended action,
the Storyteller decides how many successes must be rolled
for marginal success. You then roll once for each appli-
cable period of time that passes, as determined by the
Storyteller, until you have accumulated enough successes
to accomplish the task. This method not only determines
whether your character succeeds, it establishes how long
it takes to complete the attempted action. Your Story-
teller may call for a roll for each in-game turn, hour or
even day that passes. The time factor depends upon the
nature of the task. It is discretionary, based on how long
the task might take under normal circumstance:

Example: Kara tries to repair her motorcycle. The
Storyteller announces that the action requires a total of 12
successes from start to finish. Pauline rolls once per in-game.
hour that passes, accumulating her successes until she's
rolled 12 total. She gets three successes in the first hour. Four
in the second. Two in the third. She fails in the fourth hour
and adds nothing to her total. In the fifth hour, she rolls two.
And, finally, in the sixth, she rolls three more. It takes Kara
six hours to repair her engine.

In most cases your character keeps trying for as long
as you like, though you may play a harried game of beat-
the-clock. Time may be short; the sun may set in only a
few hours. If your character takes a break from his task to
accomplish something else, the Storyteller may decide
that some of the successes gained are lost because your
character has to reorient herself. You may even have to
start counting from scratch again.

ee

The more times you have to Toll, the greater the
chance that you might botch and your character bungles
the attempt completely. On a botch, the Storyteller may
decide that you cannot start again; your character simply
fails, he destroys his equipment or catastrophe strikes.

Biologist Jeremy Hodge tries to find the anti-
dote to a strange poison that's killing his friend
Tamra. The Storyteller has several decisions to
make. He rules that Jeremy's player, Travis, must
roll Intelligence + Medicine against a difficulty of
7. He then decides that Travis must accumulate a
total of 10 successes. Finally, though he keeps the
information to himself, the Storyteller establishes
that Tamra has only four days to live, and that
Travis may roll only once for every in-game day.

Travis has 4 Intelligence and 4 Medicine, for
a dice pool of eight. He gets three successes on his
first roll. His research starts well and he has high
hopes for saving Tamra.

On the second night, Travisrollsa whoppingfive
successes, giving him a total of eight. The Storyteller
announces that Tamra's condition worsens, but that
Jeremy's experiments seem to be going well.

On the third night, Travis fails, rolling no
successes. He consoles himself and Tamra's player
with the fact that it's not a botch, but Jeremy's
progress faltersnonetheless. The Storyteller describes
how Tamra has slipped into critical condition.

On the fourth night, Travis rolls again, count-
ing his successes. He scores three, giving him a total
of 11 successes. The Storyteller describes how Jer-
emy administers the antidote and just barely manages
to save Tamra's life... such as it is for a hunter.

Resisra0 Rerions

Sometimes, your character's actions are resisted by
someone who wants to keep him from accomplishing his
goals. When two characters go head-to-head in this way,
a simple dice-pool roll doesn't represent the situation
adequately. Called a resisted action, this type of conflict
pits the Traits of two characters, as each attempts to
overpower the other. As a simplified example, people in a
tug-of-war are in a resisted action. You and your opponent
roll your dice pools against a common difficulty number,
or sometimes against a difficulty equal to an appropriate
Trait (or Traits) belonging to the other. The opponent
who garners the most successes wins.

When totaling the final result, each of your opponent's
successes cancel out one of your own, just as "1s" do. If, for
example, you score four successes and your opponent
scores three, then you've succeeded but with only one
success, indicating a marginal accomplishment. Although
your opponent can't stop you this way, he can still put a

7:8 SS eg ee te.

rd lll

‘ay


kink in your style and slow you down. Gaining an out-
standing success on a resisted action rarely occurs.

At times, a combination of resisted and extended
rolls may suit the situation. Certain resisted actions —
car chases, debates, drinking contests or kick-boxing
matches — extend over a period of time and require a
series of rolls to determine success. In these cases, you and
your opponent both roll several times according to the
resisted action rule above, but you add your successes over
the course of a number of rolls. The first to reach the total
set by the Storyteller prevails.

Sometimes, the Storyteller may forego multiple rolls
on what may seem like an extended action if dice rolling
threatens to overshadow roleplaying. A single, resisted
roll often suffices to determine the final outcome.

Exqwrtzor Resist) Rev ton

A group of hunters meets in Ramon's apart-
ment to discuss surveying a warehouse where a
shambler is believed to be hiding. Ramon has a
plan, but Brandon disagrees strongly and has an-
other idea. They debate; a power struggle ensues to
see which plan the hunters follow.

The Storyteller tells the two players to roll
Manipulation + Leadership versus a difficulty of
the other person's dice pool. Ramon has 4 Manipu-
lation and 4 Leadership, for a dice pool of 8, which
also becomes Brandon's difficulty number. Bran-
don has 3 Manipulation and 2 Leadership. Hisdice
pool contains five dice, so Ramon rolls versus a
difficulty number of 5.

Ramon's player gets four successes. Brandon'
player gets three. Ramon's player wins, but only by
a margin of one success. The Storyteller describes
how both men have good points, but Ramon
convinces the other hunters to follow his lead. His
one success means they're skeptical, though.

‘Texmwonk

In certain situations, it makes sense for people to
work together to improve chances of success. Teamwork
can apply when characters try to lift something heavy,
research a particular subject, break down a door, intimi-
date someone or figure out a puzzle. All players roll their
own dice pools and add their successes. You do not,
however, add your dice pools together and make one big
roll. Each player must roll separately and then you com-
bine all the results. If anyone botches, the entire attempt
may fail utterly.

Action Example/Description
Simple Throwing a punch, dodging a
bullet

A one-shot chance of success or failure; success is
determined by a single roll. The Storyteller deter-
mines the difficulty and the Traits that form the
dice pool. Automatic success is possible.

Extended Mountain climbing, tracking in
woods

Task stretches over a period of time and each stage
renews the chance for failure or success. You make
several rolls with the goal of collecting a stated
number of successes. This procedure increases the
chance that you might botch.

Resisted Pickpocketing or disarming
someone

Action pits two characters against each other.
Each player rolls versus a common difficulty num-
ber, or one based on the opponent's Traits. The two
compare successes and the difference between those

determines the degree of success.

Extended @ ——Tailing someone evasive,
Resisted wrestling

Using the resisted-action rule, the players roll re-
peatedly in order to acquire successes. The first to
reach the total set by the Storyteller wins.

Yue GowsiRute

The most important Hunter rule to remember is that
you control your own game. If a rule doesn't work for you,
don't use it or change it to suit your needs. The Storyteller
has final say in house rules. Just remember that rules consis-
tency enhances players' enjoyment.

Consider the rules laid out in this book to be a flexible
guideline. Every Hunter game is different. Some focus en-
tirely on consent, in which all actions and their success or
failure are determined by player decision, with the ultimate
goal being the richness of the story. Others follow a strict
regimen of randomness, with dice used extensively to intro-
duce excitement and tension to the story. You decide which
method to use, or whether you walk a path somewhere
between.

The Golden Rule is simple: "Play and have fun, above
all else."

CHAPYERG:LAWS OF YHEHUNY

; eg se Were et ee EE


<i Gee Se Loe ee Py een gO eee

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Yavin Our

There you go. You have the basic rules. If you lean the
preceding and understand it, you're ready to play. All the rest
simply expands on the basics and allows you to customize for
particular in-game situations. Give it a try or run through
some of the examples below if you want a little practice.

Example 1: Lucas, an ex-ganger turned hunter, searches
through garbage bags behind a free clinic where he suspects the
doctors have an illicit connection to some kind of blood cult. He
tries to spot anything out of the ordinary. As his Storyteller what
do you do?

Answer: Ask Lucas' player, Mark, to roll Intelligence +
Alertness against a difficulty number of 6. Lucas has 2 Intelli-
gence and 3 Alermess. Mark rolls five dice, looking for any "6s"
or higher, and subtracting any "Is" from the total. The resulting
balance represents how well Lucas succeeds or fails. Mark rolls
and gets 1, 2, 4, 6 and 7: two preliminary successes minus one
for the "1," for a total of one success. Lucas succeeds marginally.

You describe how Lucas searches through the trash, gagging

on the smell. He finds very little until he gets to the very bottom,
where he finds a piece of paper with a phone number on it.
However, a comer of the paper is torn and part of the number is
missing.
Example 2: A mysterious and devious opponent has created
a bomb that looks like an ordinary mind-teaser puzzle. Boyd and
Anna must solve the puzzle in order to defuse the bomb — or they
go boom. What happens?

Answer: The Storyteller plays the bomb's manufacturer.
His skill resists Anna and Boyd's chances of solving the puzzle,
and time is running out. Their effort could therefore be considered
a resisted and extended action, and is also accomplished through
teamwork. You inform the players that they need a total of 10
successes to solve the puzzle, and that they have three turns in
which to do so. They must roll Wits + Demolitions versus a
difficulty number of 6.

In the first turn, they get a total of six successes between
them. However, you also roll for the puzzle-maker, getting three
successes. Removing his successes from the players' total, they
end up with only three successes that turn. In the second tum,
they get a total of five successes. Your puzzler gets two successes,
which leaves the players with three that they add to their cumula-
tive score, for a total of six successes overall.

The players begin to sweat; they have to get at least four
successes in this last turn to keep the bomb from exploding. In the
final turn, Boyd's player fails to roll any successes, but he does not
botch. Anna's player rolls a whopping five successes. You roll for
the bomb's maker and fail the roll as well. You describe how Anna
saves the day by dramatically solving the puzzle when Boyd is
stumped. The little red light quits blinking. Boyd and Anna can
breathe again.

Exanetss oF Rotts

As your game unfolds, characters will attempt all kinds
of actions. The rules systems try to account for most things
and are purposely designed to be flexible for your needs.

More than 270 combinations of Abilities and Attributes give
you an incredible range of options when determining which
of them applies to a given situation. You may even want to
make up your own Talents, Skills and Knowledges to fit more
specific character capabilities. The examples below illustrate
the diversity of actions you may encounter in your game.

* You have to remove a fallen tree limb from the road
before a pursuing car arrives. Roll Strength + Athletics
(difficulty 8).

© The director of an art gallery invites you to a recep-
tion. You have to impress him with your style and grace to
win his trust. Roll Manipulation + Etiquette (difficulty of the
director's Perception + Etiquette).

* You've managed to break into an office building, but
the guard will make his rounds any minute. Now, where is
that file? Roll Wits + Computer once per turn (difficulty 8).
You have five turns before the guard shows up, and you have
to gain a total of 12 successes.

© It would really suck if that rotted fucker caught you
sneaking around in his hideout. Roll Dexterity + Stealth,
resisted by the bastard's Perception + Alertness (difficulties
equal opposing dice pools). If you succeed, you get out
undetected.

* If you could get elected to the city council, you would
be one step closer to the behind-the-scenes powers that
control the town. It all hinges on this one speech. Roll
Charisma + Expression (difficulty 6).

* You know that crack house is around here somewhere,
butit's gonna be tough to find. Make an extended Perception
+ Streetwise roll (difficulty 7) every five minutes with a
target of 10 total successes.

* Twelve more hours to go on this cross-country drive,
and you're the only one who can handle the eighteen
wheeler. Roll Stamina + Drive (difficulty 7) for every hour;
you need 12 successes to arrive safely at your destination
without having to make a lengthy stop.

© You have to distract the crowd while your allies sneak
out the back. You get up on the club's stage and proceed to
hurl profanities at the mob. Roll Appearance + Performance
(difficulty 6).

© That congressman is dirty. You can see it in his
decaying face. If you could figure out what all his double-talk
means, you could anticipate his real political agenda. Roll
Intelligence + Politics (difficulty 6).

* Dammit! The gate is closed when you come back.
Those twisted dogs are out there sniffing for you, probably
smelling your very fear. Can you force the gate back open
without giving yourself away? Rol! Strength + Stealth
(difficulty 8). .


dN

CHAPYERG:LAWS OF THE HUNY

© The leader of the gang is dead and someone has to
take his place at the meeting tonight. You're
"volunteered." Do you come off asa convine* +7
ing leader? Roll Wits + Subterfuge
(difficulty of opponent's Perception +
Subterfuge).

* The time for talking has
passed. It's time to shoot. Roll
Dexterity + Firearms (difficulty
6).

© This deranged scientist has -
the information you need. Can you trick
him into telling you what you want? Roll Manipulation +
Science (difficulty 8). 2 a

© That dog with the red eyes doesn't look too friendly.
Can you make friends? Roll Perception + Animal Ken
(difficulty 7). :

© You know the answer lies somewhere in this mutilated
body. Question is, do you have the will to perform a full
autopsy before it's too late? Roll Stamina + Investigation once
every hour (difficulty 7) until you gain a total of 15 successes.

© You're banking on the fact that everyone loves a
pretty face. That cop just pulled you over, but you can't
let him find the stash of weapons in the trunk. Can
you sweet-talk him into believing you're just a college
student on her way back to school? Roll Appearance
+ Subterfuge (difficulty of the cop's Perception +
Subterfuge).

© Someone has infected your computer with a virus. It's
slowly eating away all the information you've stored. Can
you track the virus before it destroys everything? Roll Intel-

ligence or Wits + Computeronce every five minutes (difficulty
6) until you gain a total of 10 successes. The longer it takes,
the more information you lose.

* You dropped your cell phone and it fell apart.
Can you fix it? Roll Dexterity + Technology (dif-
ficulty 8).

* Street people are disappearing, but
none of them want to talk. Can you
convince one of them that you
want to help? Roll Charisma +
Streetwise (difficulty 7).

* Does that walk-
ing corpse see you,
or is it smiling
because ithas
no lips?

|
|


HUNTER: YHE RECKONING

Roll Wits + Empathy (difficulty 7) to guess at the zombie's
intentions.

© You've managed to get a pass into a high-security
building. Can you determine what kinds of security systems
are used in anticipation of returning uninvited? Roll Percep-
tion + Security (difficulty of the security company's
Intelligence + Security).
Gave Tims

Words, words, words. This list defines some of the
terms used in this book, especially in the rules.

© Ability: A type of Trait to which you assign point
values when creating your character, and which deter-
mines how many dice you roll. Ability Traits represent
things for which your character has a natural Talent, as
well as Skills and Knowledges he's acquired. Examples
include Empathy, Firearms and Medicine.

* Action: An action is any single activity or feat
undertaken by your character, including loading a gun,
driving to the gas station or scrutinizing something. When
you describe something your character does or wishes to
attempt, that's an action. The length of time it takes to
perform different actions varies.

* Advantages: This catch-all category includes Back-
grounds as well as the more mystical capabilities that
hunters possess.

* Attributes: A type of Trait to which you assign
point values when creating your character, and which
determines the dice you roll. Attribute Traits represent
your character's innate characteristics, such as how strong
(Strength), personable (Charisma) or smart (Intelligence)
she is.

* Background: A type of Trait chosen at character
creation that defines aspects of your character's life not
directly related to his Attributes or Abilities. Examples of
Backgrounds include who your character knows (Con-
tacts, Allies), how much money he has (Resources), or
how famous he is (Fame).

* Botch: When you roll absolutely no successes and
at least one "1" shows up in the roll, you botch and your
character catastrophically fails the attempted action. If
there are any successes — even those canceled by "Is" in
the roll — it is merely a failure, not a botch. A botch is
much worse than a simple failure.

* Character: In order to play Hunter, you write up a
character, a fictional person whom you then control in
the game. Your character has statistics that represent his
capabilities, history and personality. Storytellers likewise
create fictional characters, who populate the setting and
interact with your character.

* Chronicle: The grand scheme of your game, its
overall picture, a chronicle is any story you build from

SS

start to finish with a central element of one city, one set
of characters or one main, underlying plot line.

* Conviction: A Trait that measures your character's
energy for the hunt and for the hunter cause. It is spent
and, unlike other Traits, is risked to add dice to your dice
pools when using hunter edges (see p. 132).

* Dice Pool: The number of dice you roll to deter-
mine the success or failure of your character's action.
Relevant Traits dictate this number, plus or minus any
modifiers. Your Storyteller tells you which Traits apply.

* Difficulty Number: A value, assigned by the
Storyteller, that a player must equal or beat on each die
rolled to achieve successes toward an action. Certain
modifiers may affect an action's difficulty number.

* Downtime: An imaginary period during the course
of the game when nothing of significance happens. Play-
ers can skim over the events that occur during downtime
and fast-forward to the next important event.

* Experience Points: Through the course of the
game, your character earns experience points, which you
spend to increase his Traits. Experience points represent
training, study and honing of capabilities. See p. 140 for
more on experience points.

© Extended Action: This type of action requires that
you accumulate a certain number of successes over a series
of rolls and a period of time.

* Failure: If you roll no successes and no "1s," or
enough "Is" to cancel out all your successes, your charac-
ter fails his attempted action. A failure, unlike a botch,
simply means your character has not succeeded, and
nothing extremely catastrophic occurs.

¢ Health: This indicator, which represents how
wounded your character is, modifies your dice pools.

* Points: Certain Traits, such as Willpower, rise
and fall temporarily throughout the course of play. In
order to differentiate between your character's perma-
nent score and his currentevel in a Trait, we call the
permanent value the Trait rating, and the current value
the points or pool. Mark permanent rating in the round
dots on your character sheet and mark current level of
points in the boxes.

Conviction also rises and falls throughout a game as
points are risked or spent. However, there's no such thing
as a Conviction rating. Your character's current score is
his pool.

* Rating: Whereas points represent the temporary
score of certain Traits, the term "rating" refers to the
permanent value of those Traits. This designation applies
to such Traits as Willpower.

Reflexive: A situation in which dice might be
rolled, but that does not count as an action for the
purposes of calculating dice pools. Examples of reflexive

on SE 2g SA gees: note.
te iit


rolls include soak rolls, Willpower rolls and spending or
risking Conviction.

* Resisted Action: When another character op-
poses your character's attempted action, he creates a
situation called a resisted action. You both roll and
compare the number of successes gained. The one with
more successes wins.

* Scene: A period of action usually set in one loca-
tion and a particular time frame. A scene is often broken
up into turns, though not always.

© Simple Action: An action that requires only one
success to accomplish and that usually involves only one
player. More successes indicate a higher level of achieve-
ment.

© Story: The combination of several interconnected
scenes. A story is usually characterized by an introduc-
tion, conflict, climax and resolution.

* Storyteller: One of the players in a roleplaying
game takes the responsibility for creating the fictional
environment and guiding the story. You describe the
setting, make decisions regarding rules and assume the
roles of the main characters' friends and enemies. You
oversee the game and are the final judge on all rules calls.

* Success: Any die roll that equals or exceeds the
stated difficulty number.

¢ System: Any specific set of rules used in a certain
situation for guiding the roll of dice to simulate dramatic
actions.

¢ Trait: During character creation, you assign point
values to varying descriptive elements. These qualities,
called Traits, define your character's learned abilities,
innate attributes and worldly means.

* Troupe: Your group of players, including your
Storyteller.

* Turn: An increment of time from three seconds to
three minutes in duration used to resolve complex ac-
tions and events. A turn is roughly the time it takes your
character to perform one action, and it should be kept
consistent for all characters in the scene.

© Virtue Traits: At character creation, you assign
point values to the three Virtues (Zeal, Mercy and
Vision). These Traits reflect your character's goals in
the hunt.

* Willpower? A measure of your character's self-
confidence and internal control. Willpower works
differently than most Traits — it is often spent rather
than rolled.

CHAPYERG:LAWS OF THE HUNY



Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

@ ee ee

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save _Preferences

HTML site: [nttp: //www.hunter-net .org/home/chat html

t

AY

alent tages

Email Program

Subject: [Our Agenda

To:{hunter.list@hunter-net.org i‘) ©)

From:| witness 1

Meee MeSehes

Copied To: |

If you've found this site, you're either my ally or my enemy. In consideration of my
ignorance, I will speak to you both. In brief, I seem to have been granted powers by a
mysterious entity. Others have benefited likewise. With these powers comes knowledge,
and thus the end to which they should all be used.

Ihave built this website for the benefit of half of you. (Hopefully, the other half won't
take it seriously until it's too late.) I feel the role I'm to play in the war — that seems the
only appropriate word — now brewing is one of investigation and discovery. This website
also has a secondary benefit of allowing us imbued to communicate. Yet the site's primary
function, its "mega-function," if you will, is to provide me with data. Without input, |
cannot provide output. Without nutrients, a flower will not bloom. The news likely to
be posted here will not conjure thoughts of roses, but a free world by any other name
would smell just as sweet.


HUNTER: Y HE RECKONING

And he said unto them, Nay, but to see the
nakedness of the land ye are come

— Genesis 42:12

Hunter: The Reckoning focuses on roleplay and story
development. Although dice take us out of the story and
remind us it's just a game, they can also help develop the
story. Dice rolling brings random chance into the mix and
represents the effects of character strengths and weaknesses.
Although most people choose to minimize dice-rolling as
much as possible, certain situations may call for it. This
chapter covers a number of specific dice mechanics, includ-
ing general dramatic systems, combat, injury

The systems here provide a foundation for covering
some of the possible situations that mightarise in your game.
Written for ease of play, they allow you to return to the story
as quickly as possible. If you have alternatives for these
systems that work better, use them instead. Furthermore, if
a player attempts a particularly clever or inspired approach
to a problem, the Storyteller may award an automatic
success rather than roll dice.

DeamarieSysraws

Your story unfolds through the actions and interactions
of the characters. One of the Storyteller's jobs is keeping
events organized, guiding the characters' actions so that
they remain logical in both order and time, and describing
the imaginary consequences of those actions. The Story-

d recovery.

teller determines the difficulty of actions and oversees dice
rolls to make sure that they represent events accurately.
Many factors may modify dice rolls. Difficulty numbers
may change based on the situation. Perhaps your action is
opposed directly or your character's mental and physical
condition is impaired or heightened. The Attributes and
Abilities that form your dice pool may also change according
to situational factors. The Storyteller makes a number of

decisions when requesting rolls. These may seem over-
whelming at first, but the systems provided here help, and
they can be mastered quickly. When all else fails, rely on
common sense to resolve situations and have fun. Even after
the dice have tumbled, characters with a specialty (p. 101)
ina particular Ability may roll extra ice if any "10s" turn up.

Attributes and Abilities are typically combined to de-
termine dice pools in the following systems. However, a
character might not have an Ability called for. The player
can either roll versus the Attribute only (with one point
possibly added to difficulty to reflect the increased chal-
lenge) or another Ability could be used that also has
application to the situation.

Many of these systems involve more than just simple
actions; some activities can demand a lot of time and effort.
You may try a number of them again if the first attempt is


unsuccessful, although subsequent attempts might impose a
difficulty penalty at the Storyteller's discretion (see Trying
It Again, p. 171).

RuromaricFears

Unlike reflexives, automatic feats use up your character's
actions, but they don't require dice rolls. They take time and
demand a moment of your character's attention. However,
because of their general ease, rolling dice would be superfluous
to determine success. Your character has no trouble accom-
plishing the following actions under normal circum:

ances.

© Getting to Your Feet: Your character may rise to his
feet from the ground or from a seated position without a roll
long as he's not hindered from doing so. In situations
where it matters, rising takes one turn and is considered one
full action. If your character attempts another action at the
same time such as firing a weapon, the multiple-action rule
applies (see Multiple Actions, p. 171): Dexterity + Athletics
(difficulty 4) to stand successfully.

© Movement: Your character may choose to walk, jog
or run. Simply walking, he moves seven yards in one turn.
When jogging, he moves (12 + Dexterity) yards per turn,
and when running at full speed he moves (20 + [3 x
Dexterity}) yards per turn.

Your character may move up to half maximum running
speed and then take another action that turn. Although this
is not considered a multiple action, the Storyteller may
impose a penalty to the action's difficulty number or to your
dice pool. On the other hand, if your character moves while
attempting a second action, such as crossing a room while
shooting his crossbow, each yard covered subtracts one from
the other action's dice pool.

Injured characters (p. 140) cannot, of course, move at
maximum speed.

© Readying Weapon: Whether your character draws a
knife or reloads his gun, he must spend a turn arming
himself. Doing so usually requires no roll, although your
Storyteller may request one under certain circumstances. If
your character readies his weapon in conjunction with
another action, your Storyteller may ask you to reduce your
dice pool for the other action (see Multiple Actions, p. 171)
and roll Dexterity + Melee or Firearms (difficulty 4) for the
readying attempt.

© Starting Car: It takes a turn to start a car and certain
situations may make this more difficult, thus requiring a dice
roll. We've all screamed at the movie screen when someone
panics during efforts to start a car to get away from a killer.
Invariably, keys get dropped or won't go into the ignition. A
Wits + Drive roll (difficulty 4) may come into play. Com-
mon sense determines whether a roll is called for.

© Yielding: The Initiative rules determine who goes
first in a situation (p. 189). However, you may choose to
yield your turn to a player or players following you in the
order established. Basically, you hold off to let the other

character go first. You may still act later, but you reserve
action until then. If everyone, including your Storyteller's
characters, yield during a turn, no one does anything and
time moves forward to the next turn.

Paysicat Fears

The following systems present options related to the
three Physical Attributes (Strength, Dexterity and Stamina).
Actions involving these Attributes usually require dice rolls.
Difficulty numbers vary based on the situation.

© Climbing [Dexterity + Athletics]: Your character
may attempt to climb any number of things such as rocky
cliffs, steel fences, building facades, fire escapes, dumpsters or
trees. In most cases, climbing is best dealt with as an ex-
tended action. If the object has available handholds and
presents few complications, your character moves 10 feet for
every success. Thus, your character could climb into or over
a dumpster with only a marginal success. However, it may
take several rolls to scale a cliff or climb a fence.

Your Storyteller may adjust this rate based on the
difficulty of the climb. For example, she may decide that an
easier climb such as a ladder may allow your character to
move 15 feet per success, whereas a more difficult climb such
as a coconut tree may allow your character to move only one
foot per success. Many factors may affect rate of travel,
including the number of handholds, the smoothness of the
surface or even the weather. In certain situations, a short and
difficult climb may present the same challenge as a long and
easy one. Your Storyteller has final say in determining all
these factors.

As with any extended action, you roll until you have
accumulated enough successes. Botching on a climbing roll
can prove extremely disastrous, though your character need
not necessarily fall to her death. She could get stuck halfway
up or she may slip and lose altitude that she has to recover.
Or she may fall to serious injury or death.

© Driving [Dexterity/ Wits + Drive]: A single dot in
the Drive Skill gives your character the ability to drive a
basic, manual-transmission car. (All characters of age are
assumed to be able to drive an automatic, unless you specify
otherwise.) Under normal circumstances you don't have to
roll to determine successful driving. However, bad weather,
the vehicle's speed, obstacles and complex maneuvers can
challenge even the most competent drivers.

The difficulty number of a driving roll increases as
conditions become more hazardous. The Storyteller may, for
example, increase the difficulty number by one if your
character attempts to drive in heavy rain or icy conditions.
Speeding in an attempt to lose pursuers may increase the
difficulty by two. Factors add up, too. If your character
maneuvers in heavy traffic she faces a +1 difficulty. But if
your character also has a broken windshield, the Storyteller
may make it +2, for a total of +3 difficulty.

8 nn See ee ge fa

PYERT:YOOLS OF THE HUNT

ND et


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

If you fail a driving roll, your character is in trouble. You
must make another roll to determine whether your character
crashes or loses control. A botch usually indicates a major
malfunction, a skid out of control or a disastrous collision. If
your character has no Drive rating she may still attempr to
drive; you may have to roll based on Dexterity or Wits alone
at an increased difficulty for every change in course, proce-
dure or speed. Furthermore, if your character has only one dot
in Drive she may still attempt to drive a large truck or even
a race car, but the Storyteller may ask you to make repeated
rolls, as in an extended action, to determine whether she
maintains control of the vehicle.

Vewetr T ves

Vehicles handle differently. The following chart is
a guide to some of the ones your character might
attempt to drive. For every 10 mph over the safe speed,
increase the difficulty of the roll by one. Bold stunts and
bad road conditions may also add to difficulty.

There is a maximum number of dice that you may
have in your dice pool, as shown below in the Maneuver
column. This limit represents the vehicle's limits. A
Ferrari handles better than a dump truck, no matterhow
skilled the driver.

Vehicle Safe Max (mph) Maneuver
Speed Speed
Bus 60 100 3
18-Wheeler 70 110 4
6-Wheel Truck 60 90 3
Tank (modern) 60 100 4
Tank (WWII) 30 40 3
Compact 70 130 6
SportyCompact 100 140 7
Sedan 70 120 5
Luxury Sedan 85 155 7
SUV 70 115 6
Midsize re} 125 6
Minivan 70 120 6
Sport Coupe 10 150 8
Sports Car 110160 8
Formula-One Racer 140 1

© Encumbrance [Strength]: A hunter would be a dan-
gerous foe to any night-creature if he could carry anything he
neededall the time. Unfortunately, that'sunrealistic. Though
some players love to weigh their characters down with every
weapon, explosive device, electronic doodad and piece of
equipment that might be needed, the Storyteller can set
limits. We are talking about mortal humans, after all.

pe ee ee N

Your character can realistically carry/ tote 25 pounds
per point of Strength without penalty. If she attempts to
carry more, every action involving physical exertion incurs
an automatic +1 difficulty. Furthermore, every 25 pounds
she piles on beyond what she can carry easily.reduces her
base movement by half. If your character tries to carry
double her Strength allocation, she can't move at all.
Perhaps she can actually lift it all, but she can't go anywhere
with it. Your Storyteller makes the final call on what a
character may carry realistically.

© Intrusion [Dexterity/ Perception + Security]: Intru-
sion covers both sides of security-related actions: preventing
others from breaching your established defenses, or breach-
ing others' defenses. Sample actions include evading or
installing security cameras, cracking or creating codes, lock-
picking or makinga lock pick-proof, and avoiding or designing
laser movement detectors.

When breaching security set by another, your roll must
succeed on the first attempt if an active security system is
present. Failure to do so may activate alarms, put your
character on camera, or set off internal defense systems. Ifno
alarm is present, such as when your character simply attempts
to pick a lock to an apartment, your character may continue
trying. The difficulty number of an intrusion roll ranges from
5 to 9, depending on whether your character assaults a
«d lock or Fort Knox. Certain tasks may require that he
least one dot in the Security Skill, and possibly more,
to have any chance of succeeding. Furthermore, many intru-
sion attempts require special tools such as lock picks or
electronic monitoring devices. On a botch, your character
bungles the attempt and is in hot water.

When your character attempts to install a security
system, roll only once asa simple action. The more successes
you get, the better your character's security system is and the
more trouble others have in overcoming it. The Storyteller
may add your successes to the base difficulty of any future
attempts to breach your system.

© Jumping [Strength, or Strength + Athletics for a
running jump]: You make simple jump rolls versus a diffi-
culty of 3. Your character manages to jump two feet vertically
or four feet horizontally for every success you achieve. If your
successes do not add up to at least the distance between your
character and her destination, your character fails the at-
temptand landsshort. This could be dangerous if, forexample,
she attempts to leap a chasm. However, on a failure you may
make a Dexterity + Athletics roll (typically difficulty 6) to
grab onto a ledge or other protuberance. A botch, however,
has far worse repercussions. Your character may be injured
seriously or may even fall to her death.

You may attempt a Perception + Athletics roll (diffi-
culty 6) prior toa jump to determine whether your character
can gauge the distance. If successful, you learn how many
successes you need for the leap. This way, if the jump seems

nein =n gees te


impossible you know it in advance and you can change plans
before it's too late.

© Lifting/ Breaking [Strength]: Stories abound of
people who have performed amazing feats of strength in
emergencies. There's a limit to what your character can lift
or break, as shown on the chart below. However, she may
manage to exceed her normal ability in extraordinary cir-
cumstances. If the Storyteller feels your character has enough
adrenaline, drugs or determination running through her
veins to allow for super-strength, he can ask you to roll adice
pool equal to your Willpower, difficulty 9. Each success
temporarily adds one dot to your character's Strength and
moves your character up the chart for the duration of that
single action.

Bear in mind that even as your character damages an
object, she likely damages herself as well. The human body
can take only so much abuse. Your character's body probably
gives before a more solid object does, unless she uses a tool
such as a crowbar or hammer. She manages to punch
through a door, but she also skins her knuckles or breaks
bones in the process. Common sense dictates the outcome
of such attempts. The more challenging feats on the chart
assume the use of a blunt object of some sort.

If your character fails the action, nothing happens. She
simply cannot lift or break the object. If you botch the roll,
your character may strain a muscle, break bones or drop the
item on herself. A botched attempt to lift an object off
someone else may end up inflicting further dan

Several characters can team up tolift or break an object
Individual players roll separately, as per the Teamwork rules
(p. 173) and combine their successes. Their combined
Strength scores determine the minimum of what they can do
without rolling Willpower.

Overturn a small car 900 Ibs.

Bend steel bars 1000 Ibs.

Break through a cement wall 1200 Ibs.
10 Tear free steel rivets 1500 Ibs.
ul Bend 1" sheet metal 2000 Ibs.
12 Break a metal lamp post 3000 Ibs.
13. Overturn a station wagon 4000 Ibs.
14 Overturn a van 5000 Ibs.
6000 Ibs.

2
3
4
5
6 Break a steel fence 800 Ibs.
i
8
9

aL
; Feat Lift
1 Break a window 40 Ibs.
i ~ Break a wooden chair 100 Ibs.
| Break open a wooden crate 250 Ibs.
Break a 2" x 4" board 400 Ibs.
Bend open steel chain links 650 Ibs.

Overturn a truck


|
!
|
|
|

=" 6 Six

© Opening/ Closing [Strength]: In order to have your
character break down a door with brute force, you must make
a Strength roll (difficulty 6 to 8, depending on the door).
Standard wooden doors with basic lock mechanisms require
only one success to ram open or slam shut. Breaking down a
reinforced door may call for as many as 10 successes, whereas
a vault door may take 20 or more. Your Storyteller may deem
this an extended action, with your character throwing
herself at the door multiple times until it breaks. Any
resistance makes this a resisted action, too, and pits charac-
ters against each other. A botch may cause a health level of
bashing damage to your character's shoulder, may cause your
character to give up, or may send her flying as the door
suddenly opens — and she stumbles right out the window on
the opposite side of the room.
As with most actions, teamwork makes it easier. Particularly
solid doors may require a minimum Strength score even to
dent. This system also applies to opening or closing other
objects such as locked cabinets, boarded windows or coffins

© Pursuit [Dexterity + Athletics/ Drive]: The thrill of
the chase doubtless recurs periodically in your game, whether
it's the hunter pursuing a target or a supernatural predator
turning the tables on the hunter. In many cases, the formulas
for calculating movement speed determine the outcome of
the chase (see Movement, p. 181); If your character clearly
moves faster than the other, she eventually catches up with
or escapes the other. Sometimes, situational factors tip the
scales. For example, your character might reach safety before
being caught, she might know the territory better or find a
shortcut, or she might even lose a pursuer.

A basic pursuit is an extended action. Both players roll
over the course of several turns to see who reaches a target
total of successes first. That person either gets away or
catches up. The pursued receives a number of free extra
successes based on her distance from the pursuer when the
action begins. On foot, your character receives one free
success for every two yards head start she has on her
pursuer. Ina vehicle, she receives one free success for every
10 yards head start. When the pursuit involves a mortal and
a supernatural creature, the Storyteller should remember
that mortals tire whereas supernatural creatures do not tire
as quickly, if at all.

As you accumulate successes, your fleeing character
outdistances her pursuer and increases her chances of losing
him. Your opponent may have to make a Perception roll if
your character extends her lead far enough to lose her
pursuer. This Perception roll is modified based on the pursuit
rolls you've made: Add one to Perception difficulty for each
success you have gathered beyond your opponent's pursuit
total. If your opponent fails this roll, he loses your character
in acrowd, ona side street or in a maze of hallways and doors.
Ona Perception botch, the pursuer has no chance of finding
your character again. If, on the other hand, you botch any of
your rolls your character may end up in adead end or may trip
and fall. Caught!

© Shadowing [Dexterity + Stealth/ Drive]: When |
your character follows, stakes out or otherwise seeks to
keep tabs on someone without being detected, she shad-
ows that person. Shadowing suspicious people or
monstrosities is a hunter staple; mortals have to know
their prey before striking.

Many factors play into how this system is handled. The
Storyteller can call ita resisted action (see Resisted Actions,

p. 172) and ask you to roll versus a difficulty number based

on the target's Perception + Alertness (to avoid being seen)
oron his Dexterity + Stealth or Drive (if the target is actively
evasive). You roll with those same Traits. You and your
‘opponent compare successes to determine the outcome. A
tie means the stalker remains undetected.

The Storyteller may also call shadowing both a resisted
and an extended action (see Extended Actions, p. 172). Or,
to make the roll fast and easy, you could both roll the
appropriate dice pool versus a difficulty of 6 (modified based
on the environment). In this last case, your opponent must
getat least one more success to spot your character. Shadowers
who have trained together can combine their separate rolls
into one success total through teamwork.

Hunters who make an effort to recognize monsters for
what they are through second sight (see Conviction, p.
132) may have an easier time of spotting their quarries. The
image of a ghost hovering over a possession victim is hard
to miss. Difficulties for shadowing are reduced by one or
more (Storyteller's discretion) when second sight is used in
a scene.

© Sneaking [Dexterity + Stealth]: The hunter who
survives knows when to fight and when to simply hide.
When your character sneaks, attempts to pass unseen or
hides, roll Dexterity + Stealth as a resisted action against
Perception + Alertness rolls from anyone in the area who has
a chance of detecting him. The difficulty on all rolls is
usually 6, though certain situational elements may modify it
in favor of either the sneak oranyone who might notice him.
Unstable footing, unsecured gear or lack of cover can all
modify Stealth difficulty, just as high-tech security devices
or superior vantage points can add dice to the Perception +
Alertness rolls of potential spotters. If your sneaking charac-
ter fails, he isn't necessarily discovered, but he may make a
noise that causes guards to become more alert for the next
roll. Ona botch, your sneaking character runs right into the
people he is trying to avoid.

© Swimming [Stamina + Athletics]: Your character
must have at least one dot in Athletics to know how to swim.
Otherwise, she never learned. Short swims require no roll.
Long-duration or long-distance swims may. Your Storyteller
may approach a long swim as an extended action with a
difficulty based on your character's attempted speed, the
weather conditions and the body of water itself. You may
have to roll several times to achieve enough successes to
meet the target. If you fail a roll, your character may falter,
lose some of her total successes or have to make extra rolls.

ened SO gs Nees ee Be od

ey


Perhaps the current is stronger than she assumed. Your
character runs into serious trouble on a botch: a cramp, a
shark or even a boatload of enemies attempting to shoot her
in mid-stroke.

© Throwing [Dexterity + Athletics]: When your
character throws something (be it a knife, an ax, a grenade,
a crystal ashtray or a frying pan), distance and accuracy
determine whether it hits the target. Your character can
throw anything that weighs three pounds or less up to a
distance of (Strength x 5) yards. Each additional two pounds
decreases the total possible distance by five yards. If your
character can pick up an object, but its potential throwing
distance drops to zero or below, the best she can do is hurl it
to one side, approximately one yard. Obviously, if your
character can't lift an object, she can't throw it (see Lifting/
Breaking, p. 183).

The Storyteller may reduce throwing distances if the
object is particularly awkward, or increase them if it is
aerodynamic. To throw an object, roll Dexterity + Athlet-
ics versus difficulty 6 (if target is closer than half the
maximum range) or difficulty 7 (if the target is located
between half and maximum range). The Storyteller may
adjust the difficulty based on wind conditions, obstacles or
whether the target moves or is stationary. Ona botch, your
character may hit an innocent bystander, release too late
and hit herself, or simply succeed in putting her weapon in
the hands of her enemy.

Manrat Fears

The following systems cover tasks involving the three
Mental Attributes (Perception, Intelligence and Wits).
Occasionally, dice rolls related to the Attributes also
involve Willpower. Difficulties may vary based on situ-
ational factors.

© Hacking [Intelligence/ Wits + Computer}: Comput-
ers may hold a wealth of information that can help hunters
stalk and destroy their prey. In order for your character tohack
into a computer, roll Intelligence or Wits (depending on the
urgency of the job) + Computer versus a variable difficulty
based on the complexity and security of the target system.
Standard computer systems call for a difficulty of 6, whereas
it could go as high as 10 for military or megacorporation
mainframes. The number of successes you achieve is the
number of dice (up to your normal dice pool) that you can roll
thereafter to interact with the computer.

If someone or the system itself actively attempts to
block your hack, a resisted action is rolled. The contender
who gets the most successes wins. Onabotch, your character
may be traced and may face repercussions

© Investigation [Perception + Investigation]: Investi-
gating a crime scene, rifling through an office for clues, or
performing an autopsy all fall under the general system
Investigation. The Storyteller may call for an extended
action when only one clue exists to be found. When more
than one clue or varying degrees of information await the

ON

CHAPTER

investigator, a simple action may be appropriate. In the
latter case, the number of successes rolled determines how
much is found. One success reveals small details, whereas
multiple successes provide major clues or even allow your
character to make deductions based on physical evidence.
Teamwork certainly helps in investigations. On a botch,
your character overlooks clues, interprets them erroneously
or destroys them accidentally.

© Repair [Dexterity/ Perception + Crafts/ Technol-
ogy]: Depending on your character's specialty, the Crafts
and Technology Skills cover repairs as well as creations,
everything from pottery to VCRs. Before your character can
repair something, she may need to determine what's wrong
with it. Obviously, a cracked vase is cracked, but it's much
more difficult to see the reason a car won't start. Use a
standard Research roll (see below) to analyze the problem.
Once your character knows what's wrong, the Storyteller
sets the difficulty of the repair. This rating depends on the
severity of the problem, the complexity of the broken item,
the availability of tools and replacement parts, and whether
adverse conditions exist. Darkness could seriously hinder
repair. An exceptional research roll may reduce the diffi-
culty, if appropriate.

As a general rule, changing a tire has a difficulty of 4,
whereas rebuilding a car's engine may have a difficulty of 9.
The amount of time it takes to repair something also varies,
and your Storyteller may treat the repair as an extended
action. On a botch, your character may injure herself,
irrevocably damage the object she's trying to repair or waste
a good deal of her time.

© Research [Intelligence + Occult/ Research/ Sci-
ence]: Your character may do research through computer
databases, at the library, by studying a particular object or by
talking to people. This effort may take time and a good deal
of energy, though you typically make only one roll. The
Storyteller determines how long research takes. The num-
ber of successes on the roll determines how much information
your character manages to dig up. One success means she
finds basic information, whereas multiple successes provide
more details. The Storyteller may vary the difficulty based
on the obscurity of the information sought. If you botch a
research attempt, your character may discover nothing at
all, or worse, find completely misleading information.

© Tracking [Perception + Survival]: Tracking is dif-
ferent from shadowing in that your character attempts to
pick up the trail of someone or something, following physi-
cal evidence such as footprints, broken twigs, blood trails or
tire marks. Tracking may be treated as an extended action
with the possibility that the tracker could lose the trail at
some point. The action might also be treated as a single roll
with the number of successes determining the amount of
information the tracker garners. In the latter case, multiple
successes earn your character an understanding of the target's
speed, estimated weight, shoe size, type of tire or even
whether the target is alone.

QOLS OF THEHUNY

;— ee eee wee ee, ee, © ee See

|

HUNTER: THERECKONING

The quarry may attempt to cover her trail with a Wits
+ Survival roll. Each success on this roll adds one to the
difficulty of tracking her. Other factors may also affect
tracking difficulty, such as weather, ground conditions or
available light. If you botch, your character not only loses
the trail but destroys it as well, removing any chance that
anyone else could spot the signs.

Remember that the trails of some beasts are easier to
follow than others. A shambling, mindless corpse doesn't
take pains to gather rotted skin, lost digits or congealed
blood. A wolf, however, could disguise its path very well,
through a delicate touch or false scents, in urban or wilder-
ness settings. The Storyteller should modify tracking
difficulties based on the type of prey stalked.

Socint Fears

This section covers tasks involving the three Social
Attributes (Charisma, Manipulation and Appearance). Many
social situations progress best through roleplaying, so you're
encouraged to avoid rolling dice in social situations. Act
them out instead.

Ce

 Carousing [Charisma + Empathy]: It pays to be the
life of the party at times. Your character may want everyone
to like her, and, whether she reciprocates or not, it may be
beneficial to have the barflies on her side in a moment of
truth. Some of the most poignant information can come
from the mouths of drinking buddies and loose-lipped friends.
The ability to carouse and show others a good time comes in
handy. If your character wishes to win someone over by
carousing, roll Charisma + Empathy, difficulty 6. The Sto-
ryteller may modify this difficulty if your character faces a
particularly surly crowd or resistant individual. The target's
Nature (Bon Vivant or Curmudgeon, for example) may also
affect the difficulty number. On a botched roll, your charac-
ter says or does the completely wrong thing and manages to
piss off everyone.

* Credibility [Manipulation/ Perception + Subter-
fuge]: The Subterfuge Talent covers both attempts to deceive
and tosee through a deception. When your character perpe-
trates a scam, roll Manipulation + Subterfuge, whether he
tries to impersonate someone trustworthy, use forged docu-
ments or propagate a lie. If your character attempts to detect
ascam, roll Perception + Subterfuge. Both parties roll versus


A » Ge pat Gee

CHAPYERT-TOOLS OF THEHUNY

a difficulty of 7 and, as with any resisted roll, the one who For every success, an interrogator (whether gentle or
achieves more successes prevails. On a tie, the lie remains violent) gains above his subject's success total, he drags out J
undetected. Particularly expert documents or other props additional information. If the interrogator's extra successes
may increase the difficulty fora character to perceive ascam, exceed the victim's permanent Willpower at any point, the
although teamwork increases the chance that someone sees subject folds completely and divulges everything she knows.
through it. Your Storyteller determines the relevancy and extent of

The Storyteller may call for hacking or intrusion rolls information gleaned through interrogation, as a victim
during the preparation of the scam, depending on how it's _often gives a skewed account based on her own perceptions
set up. If you botch, the plan falls to pieces and, chancesare, and on what she thinks her interrogator wants to hear.
your scheming character is found out. If two or more interrogators combine efforts, they add

© Fast-Talk [Manipulation + Subterfuge]: When in their successes. This rule applies even if they are playing
the hot seat, baffle 'em with bullshit. Perhaps the other "good cop/ bad cop," with one player rolling based on
person believes your character's lies, isdistracted frommelee Empathy and the other on Intimidation.
by your character's banter, or grows irritated and lets your Hunters who torture supernatural subjects must re-
character go. This scenario should be roleplayed as well as member that their victims are not necessarily human or
rolled. Use Manipulation + Subterfuge in a resisted action. even alive. Conventional forms of harm may not faze the
Your opponent's dice pool equals his Intelligence + Subter- _ creatures, whereas seemingly innocuous treatment could
fuge. Both roll versus a difficulty of 6. Whoever achieves terrify them. Research or Occult may be required to learn
more successes wins. Your fast-talking character gets no- about a monstrosity's weaknesses — or it may not have any
where on a tie, although his opponent pauses to listen.On _atall.

a botch, the fast-talker goes too far and makes his situation © Intimidation [Strength/ Manipulation + Intimida-
more dire. tion]: Intimidation has a passive and active side. Passive
© Interrogation [Manipulation + Empathy/ Intimida- intimidation is used when your character's presence alone
tion]: Asking questions is easy. Asking poignant questions _causes people to give him a wide berth, stay out of his way,
with the right amount and type of coercion takes skill avoid talking to him or provide whatever he requests. The
When your character interrogates someone gently (Ma- higher your character's Intimidation Trait, the more people
nipulation + Empathy), he asks strategic questions that lead try to avoid annoying him. No roll is required.
the target to trust him and reveal information without Your character can also use Intimidation to actively
realizing she's doing it. This system requiresa resisted action. —_ coerce someone into doing something or not doing some-
Roll Manipulation + Empathy, whereas the target getsadice thing. This effort can be a glare, a snarled threat or a gesture,
pool equal to his Willpower, both versus a difficulty of 6. The but the threat is evident. In this case roll Manipulation + I
one with more successes prevails. The Storyteller may also _[ntimidation as ina resisted action. Your opponent rolls her
request multiple rolls throughout the course ofan interroga-. Willpower rating. Both roll against difficulty 6. The target
tion ormaysimply have opponentsrollonceatthe beginning —_player must achieve more successes than you do or she bends
or at the end of it all. to your will. If you botch, your character only embarrasses

Notall interrogation is gentle and manipulative. Some- himself or seems full of hot air. No one is impressed.
times, interrogators use violent and direct methods to force A character could forego threats and physically man-
information from their subjects. This approach involves a___handle the target to intimidate her. Roll fora physical attack
resisted roll as well. Whether he uses torture of the body or according to the combat rules, then roll for Intimidation.
the mind, the interrogator rolls Manipulation + Intimida- Although a hunter may be impressive or frightening
tion, and the subject rolls a dice pool equal to her Stamina —_ag people go, night-creatures probably aren't impressed by
+3 or Willpower (whichever is higher). Difficulty is 6 for his presence alone — unless they know who and what the
both. Torture may also be treated as a combination of human really is. The hunter must establish a reputation.
resisted and extended actions. In-game time between rolls [fhe hasn't done so by word of mouth, he probably needs
may vary, depending on the nature of the interrogation. The to establish one right away by defaulting straight to
Storyteller determines how much time passes. pliysical intimidation:

The victim suffers one health level, bashing or lethal, © Oration [Charisma + Leadership]: Many situations
for every roll his player makes during serious physical torture call for a character to make a speech, from convincing the
(whether the interrogator is successful in gaining informa- police to investigate a corporate leader to convincing the
tion or not), or loses one Willpower per roll of mental public that a politician does not have its best interests at y
torture. Combining mental and physical torture has devas- heart. Whatever the reason for your character's speech, roll

tating effects on a victim. A botched roll can destroy her

Charisma + Leadership, usually versus a difficulty of 6. The
mind, cripple her for life or even kill her.

Storyteller may increase or decrease the difficulty based on
how receptive the audience is to the ideas expressed. If you

| 2S en pee 42S pe fa


i!

ITER: THE RECKONING

fail your roll, the crowd rejects the character's ideas. If you
botch, your character may damage her reputation severely or
the crowd may even decide to swarm her.

In the event that your character has time to prepare a
speech in advance, the Storyteller may roll the character's
Intelligence + Expression (difficulty 7) on your behalf.
Success on this roll reduces the difficulty of the upcoming
Charisma + Leadership roll by one. Failure changes nothing;
a botch indicates the material is inappropriate or offensive
to the listeners.

© Performance [Charisma + Performance]: Although
hunters live bizarre, tragic, perhaps even secret lives, they
had normal lives before their spirits were touched. They may
even try to maintain some semblance of past passions, may
use stage skills to hide their other lives or may try to bait
monsters who appreciate the arts. When a character per-
forms live before anaudience,
roll Charisma + Performance
(difficulty 7). As with ora-
tion, the audience's mood:

Descrrsmec rie Sears

a Nees Cn a, a,

evil incarnate. When that happens, there's no room for
second-guessing, reason or even hope. If she intends to
survive, she must bring all her arms to bear on the obsceni-
ties that prowl the night. If she doesn't, she'll die. Hell, your
character might die either way. But at least she'll have made
astand to protect the world she once thought she knew and
now can only long for.

Combat doesn't have to — nor should it — rule your
game. There are many methods of warring against demons.
Some have bank accounts or credit histories that can be
erased. Others rely on minions who are far easier to take out
than their masters. Some need shelter that can be denied.
These guerrilla tactics are often necessary to wear down a foe
before a direct confrontation (and they can mean the differ-
ence between imminent death and a fighting chance).
However, combat ultimately plays an undeniable role in your
stories. The following sec-
tion detailsacombatsystem
true to the dynamics, limi-
tations and brutality of real

increase or decrease this dif-
ficulty, as can the show's
complexity. One success in-
dicates an enjoyable if
uninspired effort, while addi-
tional successes make the
performance a truly memo-
rable event for even the
surliest crowd. On a botch,
your character forgets lines,
hits the wrong chord or
otherwise flubs.

Gowear Sysrens

Into every life, a little
rain must fall. Hunters are
caught in a downpour. Like it
or not, the scales have been
torn from their eyes. The vio-
lent world they already know
and struggle to survive in is

Part of yout Storyteller's job is making
sure players have an accurate mental picture of
the environment and events surrounding your
character. She describes the setting, weather,
time of day, lighting and the actions of any
Storyteller characters involved in the scene.
This responsibility is crucial in combat situa-
tions, where you need to know the dangers
your character perceives and the options from
which she may choose.

During combat, the Storyteller describes
the changing environment after each turn.
Once all players have acted, the Storyteller
explains what each character sees and feels.
They may all have access to the same informa-
tion, or each may have his own perspective on
transpiring events. These descriptions should
be as detailed and creative as possible. This is
the Storyteller's chance to show off his narra-
tive talents and turn a series of dice rolls into
a dramatic, amusing and entertaining story for
the benefit of all.

battle, while still leaving
enough room for high
drama and creativity.

Feel free to ignore or
change any of these sys-
tems, especially ones that
create conflict among play-
ers or that interrupt the
game's progress. The Sto-
ryteller can maintain a
realism in combat through
event description,
resorting to tedious rolls for
every little move. Use the
automatic-success rule (p.
170) where appropriate,
andalwaysstrive foran out-
come that's best for your
story.

Remember that hunt-
ers are human, despite the
powers bestowed or in-

thout

ee oe ee ey eg eee oP

now revealed to crawl with abominations, unspeakable
horrors that stalk the unwary and ignorant. These mon-
strosities have such a stranglehold over humanity and even
reality itself that efforts to expose the world for what it really
is are ultimately futile. Therefore, hunters must take up the
burden of their knowledge and do something about it.
Asone ofthe imbued, youarea living weapon. Youdraw
the line, not only in the sand, but in the trash-strewn streets
and in the claustrophobic wilds — and then you cross it. In

the name of anything sacred, enough is enough!

Combat is an inherent part of Hunter: The Reckon-
ing. Eventually, after your character stalks a target, learns
its secrets and its patterns, she must come face to face with

nen en OO a ees ote

|

flicted upon them. When character might die, the dice keep
things fair and prevent accusations of favoritism or bulldoz-
ing. Though no one wants her character to die, the dice
ensure that events transpire without hard feelings.

Tyresor Compar

Two basic types of combat occur. Both utilize the same
fundamental system, with minor differences.

© Close Combat: Up close and personal, this includes
unarmed combat (Dexterity + Brawl) and Melee (Dexterity
+Melee). Unarmed combat includes somethings raucous as
a barroom fight or as organized as a boxing match. Opposing
characters use their bodies to fight and must be within reach

as

=a


2 Gee pet gs Gs

CHAPYERT-T OLS OF THEHUNY

of each other (one yard). During Melee, opponents use the attack against which your character defends. You trade
hand-held weapons, which may include knives, broken your normal action for the chance to protect against the a
bottles, tire irons, swords or hastily snatched chairs. Maxi- attack. Your character may defend herself only (block,
mum fighting distance ranges from one to two yards. dodge, parry), though the Storyteller may decide that your
© Ranged Combat: This type of armed combat involves character's defensive action does damage to the attacker.
projectile weapons (Dexterity + Firearms) such as guns, Finally, all multiple actions occur after everyone else
crossbows, spear guns, or thrown objects (Dexterity + Ath- has gone, no matter where your character falls in the
letics). Range varies based on the weapon, though the target initiative queue. If both you and another player take mul-
must be in sight. tiple actions, you go in order of your initiative ratings.
1 Tues However, multiple defensive actions — those taken to
Coven defend against multiple attacks — occur at the time that the

stages: initiative, attack and resolution. This division helps

; a time, in order. The Storyteller guides you through this
the Storyteller track characters' actions and their results. shea oe .

process, decides difficulties and which Attribute/ Ability

Combat scenes can sometimes be extremely confusing _ attacks take place.
because so much goes on at one time. Keepingall the actions gygreyya¢ fh
4 race Two: Rrrack
and repercussions straight is challenging. Combat almost ;
Initiative establishes order and players announce their
always progresses through a series of three-second turns. The ;
; At characters' intentions prior to the attack stage. The attack
system for handling combat turns is further divided into three
stage determines the outcome. Players roll for success one at
‘Srace One: nriavive combinations apply, and approves the use of Willpower or
Who gets to go first? You don't have to resort to going Conviction. If your character doesn't have an appropriate
clockwise around the table, unless it works for you. Wesuggest. Ability, she can still attempt the attack, but the dice pool is
the following, instead. At the beginning of each tum, all drawn from the Attribute only.
players roll one die and add the result to their initiative ratings Most combat falls under one of two categories: close or
[Dexterity + Wits]. Your Storyteller rolls for any characters ranged. For close combat, roll either Dexterity + Brawl
she controls in the scene. The player with the highest result. (unarmed) or Dexterity + Melee (armed). In the case of
acts first, followed by the others in descending order of result. ranged combat, roll either Dexterity + Firearms (guns) or
Iftwo characters tie, the one with the higher initiative rating Dexterity + Athletics (thrown weapons). Any weapon used
goes first. If both have the same initiative rating, they act. may modify your dice pool or difficulty, depending on its
simultaneously. Your character's wound penalties (p. 140) special or inhibiting aspects such as a targeting scope,
subtract directly from his initiative rating. antiquity or rate of fire. I
Next, all players announce their characters' intended Most attacks call for a default difficulty of 6. Situational
actions. Declare these proposed actions in reverse order of modifiers (weather, lighting, range or cramped quarters)
initiative so that faster characters have a chance to decide may adjust this number. If you fail the roll, your character
their actions based on what they hear; a fast character has _misses and does no damage. If you botch, your character
the opportunity to react to a slower character's actions not only misses, but misery strikes. Perhaps the weapon
During this phase, players announce any multiple actions, _ jams or explodes, the blade breaks, your character punches
activation of edges, teamwork, use of Willpower or Convic- _a brick wall instead of her opponent, or she hits an ally or '
tion points, oreven adelay of action tosee what otherevents _ innocent onlooker.
unfold. The Storyteller may ask for clarification of your
oe 5 ‘Sace Vomex: Resowurton
character's action to paint a complete picture. .
; ; Once you determine that the attack hits, calculate the
Three possible exceptions may change the initiative fat
, damage your character inflicts on his opponent. The type
order. If you choose to delay your character's action, you may
; hare and amount of damage done depends on the method of
act at any point after your designated place in the initiative

: cate the number of dice (the damage dice pool) you roll to
pause and wait, allowing others to act first. You can even

oe determine how much pain and injury your character causes.
interrupt another, slower character's action. If two players

both yield and finally decide to act at the same time, the one
with the higher original initiative placement goes first.

The weapon used influences your damage dice pool, as do
other situational factors. Any additional successes (ie., all
beyond the first one) gained on an attack roll, add an addi-
tional die to the damage dice pool. Your character not only
hits his opponent, but he lands the blow with greater accuracy
or power. If it's your character who's wounded, you may
attempt to soak damage, rolling to determine whether her
natural constitution offsets any harm. The rest of this chapter
offers more detailed information on determining damage.

SS an wee 4S ee fo ot

a —_ :

Defensive actions may also interrupt the normal stream
of initiative (see Aborting Actions and Defensive Maneu-
vers, p. 191). You can have your character defend herself at
any time as long as you have an action left and either make
a successful Willpower roll or spend a Willpower point. A
defensive action takes place at the same time in the turn as

attack. All attacks have specific damage ratings that indi-
queue. Called yielding, this option allows your character to ¥ Ps ‘Gamage gs


HUNTER THE RECKONING

After you determine the damage your character inflicts
upon her target, the Storyteller portrays that damage in
descriptive terms, narrating the outcome of the attack. Rather
than simply say, "Okay, the guy loses four health levels," the
Storyteller makes events interesting. He might announce,
"You plunge your knife into his rubbery flesh and pull
upward, wrenching until the blade hits bone. The bastard
screams in agony, but there's no blood. You watch as his chest
collapses and begins to decay at an accelerated rate." By
being evocative, your Storyteller creates atmosphere, enter-
taining you and lending a sense of narrative continuity to
what would otherwise be a series of dice rolls.

Coweay Summary Cuanr

Stage One: Initiative

© Everyone rolls initiative. Declare actions in de-
scending numerical order, including multiple actions,
activation of hunter powers or Willpower use. The
character with the highest initiative attempts her ac-
tion first. You may yield your turn until later in the
initiative queue. With a successful Willpower roll or the
expenditure of a Willpower point, your character can
defend against an attack in exchange for her normal
action. This defensive action takes place at the same
time as the attack, no matter when your established
initiative falls.

Stage Two: Attack

© Unarmed close combat, roll Dexterity + Brawl.

© Armed close combat, roll Dexterity + Melee.

© Ranged combat (guns), roll Dexterity + Firearms.

© Ranged combat (thrown weapons), roll Dexterity
+ Athletics.

Stage Three: Resolution

* You determine the damage inflicted by attacks,
based on weapon type or maneuver, adding any extra
dice gained from successes on the attack roll to the
damage dice pool.

© Targets may attempt to soak damage, if possible.

© The Storyteller describes the attack and wounding
in narrative terms.

Different types of attacks have different damage ratings
that indicate the number of dice you roll to determine how
much pain and suffering your character inflicts. Called the
damage dice pool, it takes many factors into consideration,
including the attacker's Strength or the nature of any
weapon used.

Damage rolls are made against a base difficulty of 6. Each
success inflicts one health level of damage to the victim. The
victim may attempt to resist this damage by making a soak

eS

toll (see Soak, below). Based on the nature of the attack, two
different types of damage may result:

® Bashing: Your character punches, hits with a blunt
instrument or otherwise pummels her victim. This type of
damage probably doesn't kill the target instantly, though
repeated damage could certainly do so. Use your character's
Stamina rating to resist bashing effects. Bashing damage heals
fairly quickly (see Bashing Damage, p. 200 for more derail).

© Lethal: Gunshots, blades and even crushing damage
may prove instantly fatal to your character. You may not use
Stamina to resist lethal effects, and lethal injuries take quite
a while to heal by normal means.

Your damage dice pool, whether bashing or lethal, must
always have at least one die, no matter the modifiers. Even
the weakest attack hasa chance of inflicting a minor amount
of damage. Furthermore, you cannot botch a damage roll. If
you botch on a damage roll, it simply indicates that your
character gives her victim a weak slap that doesno real harm.
Specifics of applying damage effects appear on p. 199.

Soak

Your character's natural resilience aids her in resisting
damage under certain circumstances; she can "soak" damage.
Your soak dice pool equals your character's Stamina rating. She
can resist only bashing damage, unless she has special protec-
tion such asarmor. Many supernatural creatures may soak lethal
damage, but normal humans don't have that kind of fortitude.

During the resolution stage of combat, you may roll your
soak dice pool to resist damage that your character incurs
from attacks. As a reflexive action, this does not cost an
action; it occurs automatically. Soak rolls use a difficulty
number of 6 unless modified by your Storyteller. Each success
you roll removes one from the total damage inflicted. As
with damage rolls, you cannot botch a soak roll, only fail.

Example: Fowler eats a mouthful of zombie fist. His at-
tacker scores two successes on the damage roll. Fowler has 4
Stamina; he's pretty tough as mere mortals go. Fowler's player
rolls Stamina versus a difficulty of 6 and earns two successes,
which cancel out both the levels of damage inflicted by the rotting
cadaver. The Storyteller describes how Fowler reels back, nause-
ated by the decaying hand coming anywhere near his face. On his
tum, Butch splatters the zombie's nose all over its dead face.

Normal humans — including hunters — in the
World of Darkness cannot normally soak lethal dam-
age. However, if you want your game to have a bold,
heroic flavor, you can let hunter characters soak bash:
ing and lethal damage. The mechanics are the same for
both: Roll Stamina, difficulty 6, to reduce damage
successes achieved against your character. Perhaps that
knife stabs your character in the arm instead of the
chest, or those claws inflict a flesh wound instead of a
disemboweling. The Storyteller decides if lethal dam-
age can be soaked, depending on the theme and style of
his chronicle.

—

—

A very important tool for hunters, armor comes in many
shapes and forms. From a bullet-proof vest to a trash-can lid
stuffed inside a jacket, armor increases your soak dice pool.
Add armor's rating to your character's Stamina score when
determining the number of dice in your pool. Armor can help
protect against both bashing and lethal damage. Appropriate
types of armor are required to resist lethal damage. Against

lethal attacks, your soak dice pool consists of armor rating
alone, not your character's combined Stamina and armor.

Attackers may make targeting rolls to hit unprotected
portions of a defender and thus ignore armor. The Story-
teller assigns the attack's difficulty modifier — typically +1
or +2.

No armor is indestructible. If the damage rolled in a
single attack equals or exceeds double the armor's rating, the
equipment is destroyed.

Armor may hinder mobility, too. It subtracts a number
of dice from dice pools related to bodily coordination and
agility (most Dexterity-based dice pools). Dice pool penal-

CHAPYERT-YQOLS OF YHEHUNY

ties are provided on the Armor Chart (p. 198). Hunters must
weigh mobility versus protection when they stalk the un-
known. Is it better to take most damage and walk away, but
be a lumbering target? Or is it better to hunt unencumbered,
to attack freely, but to risk life and limb at all times?

Armor types, theirratingsand other specifics are onp. 198.

Conpay Mancuvens

The following systems are options that characters may
use during combat. If you visualize your character's moves —
rather than just roll dice for a generic "attack" — the story
becomes more interesting and the drama more intense. Most
of these maneuvers take one action to accomplish.

Gorerat Mancuvars

* Aborting Actions: Atany time duringa turn, you can
abandon your stated action to block, dodge or parry an

incoming attack. You must either make a successful Will-
power roll (a reflexive action) using Willpower rating as a
dice pool, difficulty 6; or you can spend a Willpower point to
be allowed to defend automatically. If your Willpower roll

~~

2S an eee 42S gee fas Ot


fails, your character may not defend and must follow through
with her originally declared action on your initiative.

You enact your defense at the moment the attack occurs,
even if the attack occurs before your place in initiative comes
around. If your character has already acted this turn, she may
not defend against the attack. (See Defensive Maneuvers,
below, for descriptions of blocking, dodging and parrying.)

© Ambush: To have your character sneak up on or
secretly lie in wait for her quarry and get a surprise attack, roll
Dexterity + Stealth with a resisted roll against the target's
Perception + Alertness. If you score more successes than the
victim, your character may stage one free attack against him,
and you add any extra successes beyond the first in the
ambush roll to your attack dice pool. Ona tie, your character
still attacks first, but the target may defend with a block,
dodge or parry. If the target gets more successes, he sees your
character coming and both parties roll initiative normally.
Targets already involved in combat cannot be ambushed.

© Blind Fighting/ Fire: Situational factors — pitch
darkness, blindness or physical damage — inhibit vision
during combat. Attacking while blinded incurs a +2 diffi-
culty to the roll, and ranged attacks cannot be made
accurately at all. Certain hunter edges may offset some of
these challenges.

© Flank and Rear Attacks: If your character attacks
from the side or flank of his target, add a single attack die to
your dice pool. If your character attacks from the rear, add
two extra attack dice to your pool.

© Movement: A character can move half her running
distance (see Movement, p. 181) and still take an action in
a turn. She may follow that movement with an action, as
well. Your character moves half the distance she could
normally cover, then acts. Though this is not considered a
multiple action, the Storyteller may impose a penalty to the
difficulty number or to your dice pool for the action. On the
other hand, if your character moves while attempting a
second action, such as crossing a room while trying to
reload her gun, each yard moved penalizes the other action's
dice pool by one.

© Targeting: If you want your character to attempt a
called shot or to aim for a specific location on the target, the
difficulty of the attack roll increases. However, your charac-
ter can bypass armor or cover, or can inflict extra damage by
calling a shot. A successful targeted shot, punch ot stab can
have dramatic results beyond simply inflicting damage: the
destruction of an object, blinding of an enemy or disarming
of an opponent.

If your character uses a blunt object that would nor-
mally cause bashing damage, but she targets the victim's
qv head specifically, the resulting damage may be considered

lethal at the Storyteller's discretion. Refer to the following
chart when determining difficulty and damage modifiers for
aimed attacks.

Target Size Difficulty Damage
Medium (leg, arm, briefcase) +1 No modifier

Small (hand, head, weapon) +2 +1
Precise (eye, heart, padlock) 83 42

Derensiee Maneuvers
When under attack, your character may defend rather ‘
than follow through on her intended action. So long as your '
character has not yet acted in this turn, he may attempt to
dodge, parry or block an incoming attack. To attempt a
defensive maneuver, you must either make a successful
Willpower roll versus a difficulty of 6 or spend a Willpower

point (see Aborting Actions, above). If your Willpower roll

fails, your character may not defend and must follow through

with her originally declared action on your initiative.

Your character can defend against almost any type of
attack by using a dodge, block or parry maneuver. Not all of
these options work in all situations, though. Dodging may
prove impossible in a confined area. Your character doesn't

know to block or parry if surprised. The Storyteller decides
whether your character may realistically attempt a defensive
action or not.

A\ll defensive maneuvers use the same basic system.
Each is treated as a resisted action; your defense roll is
compared to the opponent's attack roll. If the attacker rolls, |

equal or fewer successes, he misses. If the attacker rolls more
successes than the defender, he subtracts the defender's

successes from his own. Any leftovers are added to his
damage dice. In this way, even though the defender does not
prevent the attack, he reduces the amount of damage he
takes from the hit. W
© Block [Dexterity + Brawl]: Your character uses her
own body to deflect a hand-to-hand bashing attack. Lethal
attacks cannot normally be blocked unless the defender
wears armor. Your character cannot block ranged attacks.
© Dodge [Dexterity + Dodge]: Your character bobs,
weaves, ducks or dives to avoid an attack. It's assumed that
she has the room to maneuver. If not, the Storyteller may
disallow a dodge. In melee or brawl combat, the successful
defender ducks out of the way of the attack. During a ranged
attack, such as in a firefight, the successful defender moves
at least one yard and ends up behind cover or prone on the
ground. (For advice on what might happen next, see Cover,
p. 196.)
© Parry [Dexterity + Melee]: Your character uses a
melee weapon to deflect either an unarmed or armed close-
combat attack. When your character parries with a weapon
that can cause lethal damage, the attacker may actually be
injured. If you roll more successes on the resisted action, add

the weapon's base damage to the number of extra successes
you earn on the defense roll. This total forms your damage

aan = 208 Se ag eee oe


aR 2 Gee past gs Bees

dice pool, which you roll to determine how much injury the
defender inflicts on the attacker.

Derexse Compuicarions

Although characters' actions in a turn follow a particu-
lar order based on initiative rolls, it's important to remember
that all the combat in one turn occurs over a period of only
three seconds. This makes events nearly simultaneous. Asa
result, your character may defend against attacks that occur
later in the initiative queue if you announce that she intends
to use a multiple action to either take both a nondefensive
action and a defensive one, or to just defend for the entire
turn. This differs from what would happen if you wanted to
abort your regularly scheduled action to have your character
defend against an earlier attack. In the case of aborting, you
give up your regular action and cannot defend against
subsequent attacks.

If you doa multiple action involving both nondefensive
and defensive actions, your character attacks when your place
in the initiative queue comes up, and then also defends
against any attacks thrown at her by characters that follow her
in the queue. All of your character's attacks take place on your
initiative, but she can continue to defend other incoming
attacks until the end of the turn. The multiple-action system
applies, though, and each subsequent defensive action be-
comes more difficult (see Multiple Actions, p. 171).

Example: Pauline wants Kara to perform a multiple action.
Kara attempts to pick up a book lying on a table, thrust a knife into
the corpse rushing at her, and defend against one other subsequent
attack that turn. Pauline makes grabbing the book the priority and
rolls Dexterity (3) + Athletics (3), for a total of six dice. She
reduces her pool to three because Kara attempts to perform three
actions this tu. Pauline makes the attack's Dexterity (3) + Melee
(4) roll with a dice pool reduced by four because this is the second
of Kara's multiple actions. These two actions occur during Kara's
regular action phase because neither is defensive in nature.

Thenext ersonin the initiative quewe then acts; the Storyteller's
character takes a swipe at Kara. Kara now gets to defend.
However, Pauline is still bound by the multiple-action modifiers.
She begins with a dice pool of Dexterity (3) + Dodge (4), but
reducesitby five, because thisis the third of Kara' s actions this tern,
leaving her with only two dice to roll in Kara's defense.

Note that naming multiple opponents to defend against
complicates matters further and adds to defense rolls' diffi-
culty numbers (see Multiple Opponents, p. 194).

Rather than attack and defend in the same turn, your
character can choose to do nothing but defend against
attacks. As with the system above, this differs from aborting
your turn to defend against an attack that occurs prior to
your regularly scheduled action. Instead, you defend against
only those attacks that occur simultaneously with or follow-
ing you in the initiative queue. Your character may not
defend against attacks that happen prior to her regular
action. If your character does nothing but defend in this
manner, do not use the multiple-action system. Rather, you

have a full dice pool for the first defensive action and lose
one die from it for each subsequent defensive action made in
the same turn. When you run out of dice, your character may
no longer defend against attacks. It's tough to avoid several
incoming attacks. ‘

Example: Pauline wants Kara to spend her entire tum
dodging (Dexterity + Dodge) . Kara may not defend against any
attacks that occur prior to her action. Pauline must wait and
begins Kara's defense only when Pauline's name comes up in the
initiative queue. The first attack comes from the next person in
line and Kara defends against it with her complete pool of seven
dice. For the second attack, she reduces her pool by one, down to
six. For the third, she removes another die bringing her total down
to five. Several characters later, on the fourth attack, she resists
with adice pool of four. She rolls three dice against the fifth attack,
two against the sixth and one against the seventh. On the eighth
attack she has no dice left, so she can no longer defend.

Maxcuver Cuneacrenisries

You usually roll combat maneuvers against a diffi-
culty of 6. Certain special combat effects and situational
factors may modify your attack roll, difficulty number
or damage dice pool. The following categories explain
maneuver characteristics in this chapter's rules.

© Traits: The recommended Attribute + Ability
Traits used for the maneuver. If your character doesn't
have the appropriate Ability, default to the Attribute
alone.

® Accuracy: Some maneuvers add dice to attack
rolls. A "+3" adds three dice to the attacker's dice pool
for that attack.

® Difficulty: Some maneuvers impose modifiers,
positive or negative, to an attack's difficulty. Base
difficulty is 6; any modifiers listed add to or subtract
from it. A "+2" indicates that the attack's difficulty —
initially 6 — increases to 8.

© Damage: This category is the damage dice pool.

This is simply a list of the common maneuvers used in
close combat. Your character can create his own; the Story-
teller determines the appropriate Traits, difficulty, accuracy
and damage involved. All brawling combat inflicts bashing
damage unless stated otherwise. Weapon type determines
the damage inflicted in melee (see the Melee Weapons
Chart, p. 198). Damage inflicted using a weapon is typically
considered lethal, though blunt objects such as clubs or bats
deliver bashing damage.

The Storyteller may modify the difficulties and dam-
ages of the maneuvers described in this section, depending
on the combat style your character uses. Always remember

CHAPYERT- TOOLS OF THEHUNT


ER-THE RECKONING

that what works best for drama and the story takes precedent
over rules.

© Bite: It's surprising how much damage a person can
dosimply by biting. Of course, a great deal depends on where
and whom the hunter bites, but he can cause damage with
clamped teeth nonetheless. The Storyteller may require that
your character grab her victim successfully before a bite can
be attempted. Your character may target a specific body part
such as the nose, an ear or finger. Difficulty of the roll
increases by +1 or +2, depending on the situation. Biting
may be considered bashing or lethal damage based on the
location and nature of the bite.
Difficulty: Normal
Damage: Strength

© Clinch: Your character grapples her target. She
applies a clinch with a successful attack roll. Roll Strength
damage in the first turn. In subsequent turns, your character
and his opponent act in order of placement in the initiative
queue. The attacker can attempt to inflict damage automati-
cally by squeezing (Strength); no further attack roll is
required. The victim can try to escape the clinch with his
action. Neither may perform any other type of action until
the victim breaks free or is released. Make resisted Strength
+ Brawl rolls for the victim to escape a clinch. If the escaping
character gets more successes, he breaks free. Otherwise the
two continue to grapple.

Traits: Strength + Brawl

Traits: Dexterity + Brawl
Accuracy: Normal

Difficulty: Normal
Accuracy: Normal Damage: Strength
© Disarm: A character can knock a weapon out of an
opponent's hand by making an attack roll at +1 difficulty
(usually for a total of 7). If successful, roll damage dice. If
damage successes exceed your opponent's Strength score,
your character knocks the weapon free. Your opponent takes
nodamage; the attack focuses on the weapon rather than the
wielder. If you botch, your character may drop her own
weapon or get in the way of a blow instead.
Traits: Dexterity + Brawl/ Melee
Accuracy: Normal
© Hold: This maneuver resembles a clinch, but without
intent to do damage. Your character immobilizes but does
not injure the target. If your roll succeeds, your character
manages to hold her target until the target's next action.
Both players roll resisted Strength + Brawl at that time. If
your opponent gets more successes, he is free. If he does not,
the victim remains immobilized until his next action — at
which point he may try again.
Traits: Strength + Brawl
Accuracy: Normal

Difficulty: +1
Damage: Special

Damage: None

© Kick: A simple knock to the shins imposes a +1
modifier to difficulty and inflicts the attacker's Strength +1
in damage. The Storyteller may increase these numbers if
your character attempts a spinning martial-arts kick to the
head or something equally complex.

Ren Sed SO ay ees ote Be

i

i Ney Ce EE, Gs, Py

Traits: Dexterity + Brawl
Accuracy: Normal

Difficulty: +1
Damage: Strength +1

© Multiple Opponents: When fighting multiple oppo-
nents, your character suffers attack and defense difficulties of
+1, cumulative for each opponent after the first, to a maxi-
mum of +4.
© Scratch: Women have used their nails against
aggressors for centuries. It works for men as well in some
cases. If your character targets a specific body part such as
eyes, scratching may have secondary effects. The Story-
teller may increase the difficulty of the attack by +1 or +2
for called shots. Scratching is considered bashing damage
for healing purposes.
Traits: Dexterity + Brawl
Accuracy: Normal

_—

Difficulty: Normal .
Damage: Strength
® Strike: Your character simply punches. The base
attack isasimple action and inflicts your character's Strength
in damage. The Storyteller may wish to increase the diffi-
culty and/ or damage dice if the attack is more complex or
targeted at a specific location.

Traits: Dexterity + Brawl
Accuracy: Normal

Difficulty: Normal
Damage: Strength

© Sweep: Your character attempts to knock her oppo-
nent off his feet with a sweep of the leg or use of a weapon
such as a staff or chain. If your roll proves successful, your
1's opponent takes Strength damage and must roll
rity + Athletics (difficulty 8) to avoid a knockdown
(see Maneuver Complications, p. 196).

Traits: Dexterity + Brawl/ Melee

Accuracy: Normal

Difficulty: +1
Damage: Strength; knockdown
© Tackle: Your character rushes her opponent in an
attempt to tackle him to the ground. Your attack roll suffers
a +l difficulty modifier. If successful, Strength +1 damage is
inflicted. However, both combatants must roll Dexterity +
Athletics (difficulty 7) or suffer a knockdown (see Maneu-
ver Complications, p. 196). Even if your character's target
succeeds at his Athletics roll, he is still unbalanced and
suffers a +1 difficulty to his actions in the next turn.
Traits: Strength + Brawl Difficulty: +1
Accuracy: Normal Strength +1

Damag

© Weapon Length: When an opponent wields a sword,
staff or other long melee weapon, your character finds it
difficult to get within range to punch, kick or stab. The
difficulty of your attack roll increases by +1 as the opponent
fends off your character.

Traits: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: +1

Accuracy: Normal Damage: Per weapon type

© Weapon Strike: Your character uses a weapon to
slash, thrust or jab in melee. See the Melee Weapons Chart,
p. 198, for particulars.

Traits: Dexterity + Melee

Accuracy: Normal

Difficulty: Normal
Damage: Per weapon type

ne Pe


CHAPY ERT: TOOLS OF THEHUNY

Ranczo Comsay Mancuvers

A number of strategies affect ranged-com-

bat maneuvers. Many physical conflicts involve
ranged weapons, and the following systems offer
ways todeal with them. Feel free tocreate your own
maneuvers. The Ranged Weapons Chart, p. 198,

provides more specific information.

© Aiming: For each turn that your character
aims at her target, add one die to your attack pool.
The maximum number of dice that can be gained
this way equals your character's Perception, and
your character must have at least one dot in

Firearms to perform this maneuver. If the
weapon has a scope, add two more dice if your
character aims. Your character must focus on F
aiming during this time and can perform no
other actions. Taking an action before shoot-
ing, even to defend, cancels the benefits of time
spent aiming. Furthermore, your character cannot
aim at a target moving faster than a walk.

© Automatic Fire: A weapon unloads its entire
ammunition clip in one jattack against a single
target. You make one roll, adding 10 dice to the
weapon's accuracy. However, difficulty in-
creases by +2 due to recoil. Extra successes
beyond the first add to your damage dice
pool, which is still treated as equivalent
to that of one bullet. When using
automatic fire, your character may
not target a particular part of the

body or object, and she may at-
tempt the maneuver only ifher
weapon's clip is at least half-
full when she fires.
Example: Victor un-
loads a full AK-47 clip at
the raging, hairy demon
bearing down on him.
Victor's player, Jim, rolls
Dexterity (4) + Firearms
(3) + 10 (for the maneu-
ver) for a total of 17 dice
in his pool. The Story-
teller sets the difficulty at 8
(6 for short range +2 for re-
coil) . Jim gets six successes and the
creature doesn't dodge. Jim now rolls
12 dice for damage — 7 (the base
damage for an assault rifle) + 5 (for
the extra successes). The clip is
completely empty and Victor must
reload — assuming the creature
lets him keep his hands.

og dD eS wae

| —_—


TER: THE RECKONING

Difficulty: +2

Traits: Dexterity + Firearms
Damage: Special

Accuracy: +10

© Cover: Your character may duck behind a wall, lie
flat on the ground or use another character as a shield. All
these maneuvers constitute cover. It makes your character
more difficult to hit, but it may also make it awkward for
your character to attempt other actions. The difficulty to
hit a character behind cover increases according to the
chart, below.

By the same token, the difficulty to fire back from the
safety of cover increases; your character must pop up, fire,
then duck down again. If your character fires back from
shelter, the difficulty modifier to your roll is one less than the
modifier listed on the chart below. Thus, if the difficulty
listed below is +1, you suffer no increase to your difficulty for
firing back.

If both combatants take cover, difficulty modifiers are
cumulative. If your character hides behind a car and her
target hits the dirt — prone — your attack difficulty is
modified by +2 (+1 for firing at a prone target, and +1 for
firing from behind a car). Your opponent's difficulty is also
modified by +2 (+2 for firing at a target behind a car, though
he takes no modifier for firing from a prone position)

Cover Type Difficulty Increase
Light (lying prone, behind streetlight) +1
Good (behind car) +2
Superior (around a corner)

© Multiple Shots: Your character can take more than
one shot ina turn; it's a multiple action. The first shot's dice
pool is reduced by the total number of shots fired, and each
subsequent one is reduced by an additional die, cumula-
tively. The weapon's rate of fire limits how many shots your

character can get off in a turn.
Traits: Dexterity + Firearms Difficulty: Normal
Accuracy: Special © Damage: Weapon type

© Range: The Ranged Weapons Chart, p. 198, lists
each weapon's short range. All attacks at short range call for
a difficulty of 6. A weapon's maximum range is double its
short range. Attacks from a range greater than short, but less
than maximum, have a difficulty of 8. A target within two
meters of the attacker is at point-blank range. Roll point-
blank shots versus a difficulty of 4.

© Reloading: Your character must spend one full turn to
reload her gun. She may reload while doing something else as
qv a part of a multiple action at the Storyteller's discretion.
© Strafing: Firing a full-automatic weapon across an
area rather than ata specific target adds 10 dice toa standard
attack roll, and empties the clip. This maneuver, called
strafing, covers a maximum of three yards.

Make one attack roll and, if successful, divide your
successes evenly among all targets in the designated area.
The successes assigned to a particular target are added to
your damage dice pool for that specific target, as well. Ifthere
is only one target within range or area of effect, only half the
successes affect him. If you roll fewer successes than there are
targets, you or the Storyteller assign one per target until all
have been allocated. (Your Storyteller may prefer to allocate
successes randomly; other targets remain unaffected). Dodge
rolls versus strafing are at +1 difficulty

Traits: Dexterity + Firearms culty: +2

Accuracy: +10 Damage: Special

© Three-Round Burst: Your chara
from the weapon's clip at a single target, and you gain two
additional dice on your attack roll. Only certain weapons
have the capacity to fire this way; see the Ranged Weapons
Chart. Recoil adds +1 to the difficulty of your attack roll. As
with automatic fire, your damage dice pool is formed as if
only one bullet had been fired from the weapon.

T Difficulty: +1

Accuracy: +2 Damage: Weapon type

© Two Weapons: Your character gains a distinct ad-
vantage by firing two weapons at once, although this
maneuver has its share of complications. Considered a

ter fires three shots

its: Dexterity + Firearms

multiple action, the maneuver imposes the standard reduced
dice pools for total shots fired. Recoil modifiers apply as well.
Additionally, your attack rolls suffer +1 difficulty for her off
hand, unless she's ambidextrous. Your character may fire a
number of shots equal to the weapons' rates of fire.

Difficulty: +1/off-hand
Damage: Weapon type

Traits: Dexterity + Firearms
Accuracy: Special

Maxcuven Conpurcarions

Combat can be complicated by numerous events, sev-
eral of which are listed below. Your Storyteller should feel
free to come up with others as a situation warrants.

© Blinded: If your character acts against a blind oppo-
nent, you gain two extra dice on any attack rolls. On the
other hand, blind characters receive a +2 modifier to the
difficulty of all actions.

* Dazed: If, on any single attack, your damage successes
exceed the target's Stamina (for humans) or Stamina +2 (for
supernatural beings), the victim is dazed. Only successes left
over after the defender's soak attempt apply and are com-
pared to the defender's Stamina. A dazed victim loses his
action, whether this turn or the next; he can neither act nor
defend during that time. The character may still trigger
reflexives, though.

© Immobilization: When your character attacks an
immobilized victim who can still struggle (held by someone,
for example), add two dice to your attack roll. Allattacks hit
automatically if the victim is completely immobilized (tied
up ot somehow paralyzed).

et ee Lee


© Knockdown: Your character falls or is forced off his
feet. Make a Dexterity + Athletics oll to determine whether
he can stand immediately. However, his initiative is reduced
by tewo in the next turn. If the roll fails, your character's next
action can be to rise. In case of a botch, your character falls
hard or at an odd angle and suffers one bashing health level
of damage automatically.

Your character may use certain maneuvers such as
sweep or tackle to knock down an opponent. Other
particularly powerful attacks — a solid punch or hit with
a bashing weapon — may also knock a target flat. Your
Storyteller decides if a knockdown occurs in these in-
stances. They happen only when cinematic or appropriate
to the story.

Cose Company Mancuvens Y ABLE

Maneuver Traits Accuracy Difficulty Damage
Bite Dex + Brawl Normal Normal Str
Block Dex + Brawl Special Normal (R)
Clinch Str + Brawl Normal Normal Str (C)
Disarm Dex + Brawl/ Melee Normal +1 Special
j Dodge Dex + Dodge Special Normal (R)
Hold Str + Brawl Normal Normal (C)
Kick Dex + Brawl Normal +1 Str +1
Parry Dex + Melee Special Normal (R)
Scratch Dex + Brawl Normal Normal Str
Strike Dex + Brawl Normal Normal Str
\ Sweep Dex + Brawl/ Melee Normal +1 Str (K)
| Tackle Str + Brawl Normal +1 Str +1 (K)
i Weapon Strike Dex + Melee Normal Normal Weapon
(C): The maneuver carries over into successive turns.
i (K): The maneuver causes a knockdown.
(R): The maneuver reduces an opponent's attack successes.
; Ravczo Coweay Maxcuvers T abi
Maneuver Traits Accuracy Difficulty Damage
Automatic Fire Dex + Firearms +10 +2 Weapon
Multiple Shots Dex + Firearms Special Normal Weapon
Strafing Dex + Firearms +10 +2 Weapon
3-Round Burst Dex + Firearms +2 + Weapon
Two Weapons Dex + Firearms Special +l/off-hand = Weapon

A 2 Wee past gs Bs

® Stake Through Heart: Hunters can rarely identify
the creatures they confront, let alone know their weak-
nesses. And yet, there are the classic Hollywood solutions to
monsters: fire, garlic, religious symbols —anda stake through
the heart. Whether the last actually works or has any bearing
on the heart at all is unknown without extensive research or
occult knowledge. After all, wouldn't a stake through the
heart kill just about anything? Hunters have to learn whether
the legend is true the hard way, and they might not survive
to teach the lesson.

To stake an opponent, an attacker must target the heart
(difficulty 9). The Storyteller decides whether any special
effects result, if any.

Ability: Dexterity ++ Melee Difficulty: +3

Accuracy: Normal Damage: Strength +1

CHAPTERT: TOOLS OF THEHUNT


Damage Conceal Class Armor Rating Penalty

Sap* Str +1 P Class One (reinforced clothing) 1

Club* Sur +2 T Class Two (armor T-shirt) 2 1
Knife Su +1 J Class Three (Kevlar vest) 3 1
Sword Str +2 T Class Four (flak jacket) 4 2
Stoall Ax See Li Class Five (full riot gear) 5 3
Large Ax Ser +3 N

Stake* Str +1 a

Weapon: Your character may use many other items as weapons (meat cleaver, pencil, razor, chair). Apply the listing above that
approximates the weapon used.

Concealment: P = Can be carried in pocket; J = Can be hidden in jacket; T = Can be hidden in trench coat; N = Cannot be concealed at all.
+ Blunt objects inflict bashing damage unless targeted at the head (see Targeting, p. 192). If so, they may inflict lethal damage.
* The attacker must target the heart (difficulty 9)

Rance Wearons Caner

Type Damage Range Rate Clip Conceal
Example

Revolver, Lt. 4 12 a 6 e

SW M640 (.38 Special)

Revolver, Hvy. 6 35 2 6 J

Colt Anaconda (.44 Magnum)

Pistol, Lt. 4 20 4 17+1 bs

Glock 17 (9mm)

Pistol, Hvy. 5 30 3 7+1 J

Sig P220 (.45 ACP)

Rifle 8 200 1 5+1 N

Remington M-700 (30.06)

SMG, Small* 4 25 3 30+1 J

Ingram Mac-10 (9mm)

SMG, Large* 4 50 3 30+1 Tr.

HK MP-5 (9mm)

Assault Rifle* t 150 3 42+1 N

Steyr-Aug (5.56mm)

Shotgun 8 20 1 5+1 A

Ithaca M-37 (12-Gauge)

Shotgun, Semi-auto 8 20 K 8+1 aT:

Fiachi-Law 12 (12-Gauge)

Crossbow** e) 20 1 1 T.

ndicates the damage dice pool. Firearms deliver lethal damage against mortals. The type of damage may vary against
al enemies (see Chapter 9).

This number represents the practical shot range in yards (difficulty 6). Your character may fire at twice this distance, but
s are considered long range (difficulty 8).

Rate: The maximum number of bullets or three-round bursts a gun can fire in a single turn. This rate does not apply to full-auto or strafing
attacks

Clip: The number of shells a gun can hold — the +1 indicates a bullet can be held in the chamber, ready to fire.

Concealment: P = Can be carried in pocket; J = Can be hidden in jacket; T = Can be hidden in trench coat; N = Cannot be
concealed at all.

*Indicates the weapon is capable of three-round bursts, full-auto and strafing,
**Crossbows require five turns to reload. A character may use a crossbow to attempt to stake a creature with a targeted shot


Heatra

Asa hunter, your character puts his life in jeopardy the
moment he decides to do something about the horrors that
stalk the world. They've been in power for who knows how
long — decades, centuries, millennia? They have abilities
beyond his worst nightmare. Meanwhile, your character is
human and has only just woken up to the truth. How can he
expect to stand for long against impossibly powerful, bizarre,
ageless creatures? Most hunters can't. They're beaten,
maimed, broken and left for dead — and those are the lucky
ones. Getting hurt — perhaps badly — is a forgone conclu-

sion, But when those creatures are still out there, committing
obscenities and playing with the lives of the unwitting,
what's one more person's pain and suffering? You may have
no choice but to fight on, regardless of the cost.

Your character's Health Trait represents how healthy
or wounded he is. When your character suffers damage,

every success removes one level of Health from him. As your
character becomes progressively more injured, his wounds
affect his ability to perform actions (modifiers are applied to
the dice pools of certain tasks). If he's hurt badly enough, he
may become incapacitated, need hospitalization or even die.
And if he lives, months may pass before he heals fully. The
following section explains Health in detail.

Hencrn Caner

A » ee pet gs Ges

damage roll, mark off one health level on your character's
Health chart. Multiple successes deliver multiple levels of
damage. For example, if your character's attacker achieves
‘one success on a damage roll (after your soak roll) and your
character is currently in perfect health, that damage success
reduces him to Bruised. You mark off the first box on your
character sheet (Bruised).

The number to the left of the lowest box marked
indicates yout current dice penalty. The more damage your
character takes, the more difficult it becomes for him to act
at full capacity. Subtract the dice penalty listed beside your
character's current health level from your dice pool for every
action your character performs (including initiative rolls,
but excluding reflexives such as soak rolls) until the wound
heals. These penalties also affect movement, impairing it
based on the level of injury.

DyearaerrareD

When your character's Health drops to Incapacitated,
your character may or may not be conscious, at the
Storyteller's discretion. He may request that you make a
Stamina roll to determine whether your character remains
awake. If unconscious, she may not perform any reflexives
related to her Conviction or Willpower, though she may
still attempt to soak any further damage. If your character
manages to remain conscious, she may continue to perform

ER7-TOOLSOF YHEHUNY

Health Level Dice Movement Penalty

Pool Penalty
Bruised Slightly contused; your character suffers no movement or dice-pool penalties.
Hurt -l Superficially hurt; your character suffers no movement penalties.
Injured -l Hurt; your character's movement is impaired slightly (halve maximum running speed).
Wounded 2 Significantly hurt; your character may not run, though he may still walk or jog.
Mauled 2 Badly hurt; your character may hobble no more than three yards per turn.
Crippled 5 Extremely hurt; your character may crawl no more than one yard per turn.
Incapacitated Direly hurt; possibly unconscious; your character may do nothing, take no actions and,

if unconscious, only certain reflexives such as soak may be attempted.

Dead What more is there to say? What will your next character be like?

ates the penalties imposed to your dice pools for each

| Yue Hearn Coane
Track your character's current physical condition on
the Health chart located on your character sheet. This chart
indi
level of injury your character sustains. As he suffers more

cult and he may eventually fall unconscious or die.

Every character has seven health levels ranging from
Bruised to Incapacitated. If he has no injuries at all — no
Health levels checked off on the sheet — your character is
in perfect health. If he falls below Incapacitated, he's dead.
Whenever your character's attacker scores a success on a

| injuries, his health declines, his actions become more diffi-

2 an wee 426 ge fo

all reflexives, though she has fallen and can't get up — at
least not until some of her wounds have healed. She may also
speak , but even that may prove difficult. The Storyteller
may request a Willpower roll or expenditure for your con-
scious character to say anything at all.

Aercvnc Dawnce

Your character can sustain two different types of dam-
age: bashingand lethal. Bashing damage includes any wounds
inflicted by blunt instruments, punches, kicks or other
similar trauma. Lethal damage comes from knives, bullets or
any type of attack that actually picrces or cuts flesh. Alll types
of injuries are cumulative and the resulting total determines

bd 2


HUNTER: THERECKONING

your character's current health level. Specifics on each type
of damage are provided below.

When marking your character's damage on his char-
acter sheet, record a "/" for bashing damage and an "X" for
lethal damage. These marks go in the boxes beside the
different health levels on the Health chart. Mark the top
square first and work your way down, filling them in as
your character becomes more wounded.

When your character acquires a mixture of lethal and
bashing damage, mark the lethal damage at the top; it
pushes any bashing damage down. For example, if you
mark that your character has taken a level of bashing
damage in the Bruised box, and she then takes a level of
lethal damage, mark the Bruised box with an "X" for the
lethal damage and move the bashing damage down by
putting a "/" in the Hurt box. Any further bashing damage
goes in the Injured box and beyond. Any further lethal
damage pushes the entire thing down again until all the
boxes are marked with either "/" or "X."

Once all the boxes are marked, any further damage,
whether lethal or bashing, causes existing bashing damage
to turn into lethal damage on a one-to-one basis. Once all
the boxes are marked, it isn't necessary to continue pushing
bashing damage downward. Any further lethal damage
simply marks over existing bashing damage.

Example: Kara runs down a dead-end alley. Several
walking dead surround her. One of them hits her with a lead

Bruised

Hurt A
Injured = -1
Wounded -2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5

Incapacitated

pipe causing one level of bashing damage. Pauline marks that
on Kara's character sheet by putting a "" in the box next to
Bruised. Kara manages to fight the first monster to the ground,
but is in deep trouble. Another corpse comes up behind her and
rakes her back with its jagged nails, doing two levels of lethal
damage. Pauline marks this damage with an "X" in the boxes
next to Bruised and Hurt, then moves the original bashing
damage down by marking a "/" in the box next to Injured
Kara, slashed and bleeding, draws her gun and shoots. The
zombies back off... a little.

Basuc Dawnce
Any kind of damage that does not pierce the body, but

that batters against it, is considered bashing damage. This
includes most damage from hand-to-hand combat, punches,

nein cen SE ey nee te


A 2 ee pat gs Bes

kicks, beatings with a blunt instrument and even falling or
being thrown into a brick wall. Certain targeted bashing
attacks may cause lethal damage, at the Storyteller's discre-
tion (see Targeting, p. 192). Use a "/" when marking bashing
damage on your character sheet.

Once your character falls to Incapacitated, mark any
further bashing damage over your existing bashing levels
(using "Xs" this time). Skip any boxes already marked
with lethal damage and move down to the first that is
bashing only. Each level that goes from "/" to "X" due to
ongoing bashing trauma is now considered lethal. Once
your character goes one level below Incapacitated with
lethal damage ("X"), she dies. Your character may there-
fore die from prolonged bashing attacks, but not nearly as
quickly as from Icthal damage alone (see Healing Bashing
Damage, below).

If bashing damage injures your character to the level of
Incapacitated, she may neither act nor move as dictated by
the Incapacitated rules, above.

Example: Kara races out the mouth of the alley, desper-
ate to escape her attackers. Staggering into the street, she is hit
by a passing car and thrown into a brick wall. She suffers three
levels of bashing damage. Pauline marks these on her charac-
ter sheet as slashes next to Wounded, Mauled and Crippled.
The new wounds add to the ones Kara has already sustained.

Though seriously injured, Kara stumbles toward a res-
taurant where she believes the creatures won't follow. One of
the monsters catches up with her just inside the doorway and
slams her to the floor. This attack inflicts another two levels of
bashing damage. Pauline marks one of them on Kara's Health
chart as a "/" in the box next to Incapacitated. She then marks
the other one as an "X" next to Injured. Because the chart is
full, she must turn the uppermost bashing damage already
marked into lethal damage. Any further bashing damage
slowly turns those "/" marks into "X" marks>Kara is in dire
straits. Incapacitated, she can't defend herself.

Cevuxt Dawace

Attacks made with piercing or cutting weapons —
such as knives, guns, crossbows or swords — deliver lethal
damage. Fire and electricity also cause lethal damage. A
human, mortal character — all hunters — may not
usually soak lethal damage at all. Such damage is applied
directly to your character's Health chart. Mark lethal
damage on your character sheet with an "X." Once your
character becomes Incapacitated lethally, meaning that
you have marked an "X" in the box next to Incapacitated,
any further damage, whether bashing or lethal, kills your
character.

Lethal wounds require immediate medical atten-
tion to keep the victim from bleeding to death. If, while
tallying your character's cumulative injuries, you mark
an "X" next to Wounded or beyond, your character
suffers one extra lethal level of damage automatically for

each hour that passes thereafter without medical atten-
tion to stop the bleeding. One success on an Intelligence/
Wits + Medicine/ Survival roll by a rescuer allows the
character administering first aid to stop the bleeding.
Extra successes may even allow the rescuer to treat the
character well enough to actually heal some of his
injuries. So long as your character is not Incapacitated,
he may attempt to stop his own bleeding (see Healing
Lethal Damage, below).

If, through the course of your character's cumulative
injuries, you mark an "X" next to Crippled or Incapaci-
tated, your character must seek more complete medical
care, or he does not recover at all. A rescuer may manage
to stop the bleeding, but extra successes do nothing to
heal any of your injured character's wounds. If your
character has an "X" next to Incapacitated, he is coma-
tose at worst and delirious at best, and could still die even
if all attacks have stopped. Your Storyteller determines
the nature of these injuries and may even roll for further
injury if your character does not receive critical medical
treatment within an appropriate amount of time.

Example: Kara lies on the restaurant floor, stunned, and
begs for someone to help her. The place is deserted. Well, not
quite. Her attackers have followed her and brought friends

She already has three lethal wounds and is Incapacitated
from her bashing wounds. The walking dead descend upon
her again with teeth gnashing and claws rending. One of
them bites flesh from her neck, delivering one level of lethal
damage (as decreed by the Storyteller and given the nature of
her attackers' jagged teeth and nails). Pauline marks the
Wounded box with an "X." Because the chart is already full
with bashing damage to the level of Incapacitated (as shown
in the previous example, above), she doesn't need to push
down the bashing damage.

Incapacitated, Kara still can't defend herself, so a crea-
ture with razor-sharp claws tears open her abdomen and deals
one more level of lethal damage. Pauline marks the Mauled
box with an "X."

The third monster bites a huge chunk from her arm to
inflict yet another level of lethal damage. Pauline marks the
Crippled box with an "X." Kara can do nothing but moan
and twitch.

The leader of the unholy pack leans over Kara and leers
down at her. He punches her solidly in the face, inflicting one
level of bashing damage. Pauline marks through the bashing
damage next to the Incapacitated box, making it lethal. She
does so because Kara's chart is full and any further bashing
damage marks over what bashing damage is already there.
Now, all boxes on Kara's chart are filled with lethal damage.
One more wound, whether lethal or bashing, will kill her.
Fortunately, the cavalry arrives and shoots up the restaurant,
killing everything in it — except Kara. Her friends pull her to
safety and get her to a hospital right away.

CHAPYERT-TOOLSOF THEHUNT

— ee a wee rt ee EE


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

‘Qrrionnt Rute: LanceFienrs

Your Storyteller may introduce nameless and face-
less Storyteller characters to beef upa combat scene and
make it more challenging. These people, called extras,
may work for the chronicle's main antagonist or may
simply be thugs whom the hunters encounter. The
Storyteller uses extras as a plot device to provide infor-
mation, give your characters a combat challenge or to
deliver a message. Extras don't usually appear individu-
ally in more than one scene and interact very little with
your characters on a personal basis.

To simplify large fights, the Storyteller may assign
only four health levels to extras: Hurt -1, Mauled -2,
Incapacitated and Dead. These levels make combat
quick and enjoyable for players, and still offer an accu-
rate representation of events.

Hence mes

This flesh is weak. People heal slowly, and hunters are
reminded of their mortality the first time they venture out
against the abominations of the world. Smart hunters never
work alone and always have a variety of weapons to rely upon.
The bottom line is that a dead hunter does no one any good,
so most spend their time and energy avoiding the line of fire.

Healing takes time. Although certain hunter edges may
decrease that time (see Chapter 5), an injury can remove your
character from action for months. It pays to work with others
and to have an ally with special healing powers ot abilities.
Healing may occur during downtime (see p. 167), but only if
nothing else of importance occurs during that period.

The following sections explain how humans heal. Every
evel of damage (whether bashing or lethal) must be recov-
ered individually. Thus, acharacter Incapacitated by bashing
damage must spend a full 12 hours at that level before he can
even hope to be only Crippled. Once he has healed from
Incapacitated to Crippled, he must spend another six hours

at Crippled before he heals to Mauled, and so on.
Hexume Basunc Dance

Bashing damage involves injuries that do not pierce the
body, but simply bruise it through a blunt attack such as
brawling combat, use of a flat weapon or a fall. Bashing
damage does not require medical attention. The wounds
eventually heal on their own. However, serious injuries may
have greater consequences. Your character's vision or hear-
ing may suffer due to concussion; she may experience
excruciating pain from internal bruising, or even lose muscle
control in a limb. Appropriate medical attention, whether
edge-related or mundane, can negate some of these effects.

Health Level Recovery Time

Bruised to Wounded One hour each
Mauled Three hours
Crippled Six hours
Incapacitared 12 hours

Hexum Lsrnat Dawace

Lethal wounds can killa hunter quickly; being fed upon,
disemboweled, shot, impaled or dismembered has disastrous
implications. If the original wound doesn't kill the hunter,
blood loss might. Further complications such as infection,
nerve damage or broken bones can have long-term effects.

Any lethal damage past and including Wounded re-
quires medical attention to prevent further damage. Your
character must find a way to stop the bleeding immediately.
She continues to suffer one lethal health level for every hour
that passes without first aid to stop her bleeding. Your
character may attempt to stop her own bleeding as long as
she is not Incapacitated. A single success on an Intelligence/
Wits + Medicine/ Survival roll allows a character to either
halt her own bleeding or someone else's.

If your character is injured up to and including Mauled
with lethal damage, she may recover at home with rest and
care — once the bleeding has been stopped. However, if
Crippled or beyond with lethal damage, your character must
receive more complete medical treatment at a hospital,
doctor's office or other appropriately equipped facility. Oth-
erwise, she continues to suffer one health level of lethal
damage for every day that passes without treatment. Al
though no longer under attack, your character could still die
from the complications of her wounds.

Thus, a hunter reduced to Crippled or Incapacitated
loses blood and requires complete medical attention for his
wounds. If neither is tended to, the character bleeds todeath
before his critical wounds overcome him.

Hexume Y meson crn: Dawace
Health Level

Bruised

Hurt

Injured

Wounded

Mauled

Crippled

Incapacitated

Recovery Time
One day

Three days
One week

One month
Two months
Three months
Five months


-sadoouoo pue suorsia
A[ppoauatpo Apuoredde yams 2doo 03 sou spurw
oy jo surewar ym se sdeyed ‘syuawaduesap
jo Morea e ysaytuew Aysuagut sip aaalyoe OYA S19
-lun}{ ‘WoYRe) JUUED sraIUNY PasiaUTUIT ssa] F9YI0
yey suonsanp — wiayp soy asodind pue Surueaut
sau UO saxe3 JUNY at] "sessasoud ayBnoya UeWNY
Jeuuou woy seme yerds 03 wees ‘saioos ama,
ysiy aaaryse oy asoyp ‘sioauny Suowe paysid
-woore Aynn ayy wYysneU soy Waas AjarEU|N ued
‘9oUaT|IS9u STY []B "3VIUT AaTUS Jo 9JOW B UdAd WIA
diyspaey siyp |e sounpua zayuny e jt puy

P= —

‘aSpo ayp J9A0 ssazuny,

Dap ued sem ayp jo AupINy SunWaas (qUaNb
-94}) ayp pure sdepdstp jeo1Sew SurAytusay ‘siopanut
AJs14g "peur panquit ayp Jo asaanoas ay aAuUp 02
yBnous st szaisuow jo suonepaidap aup Burssou
AYA "WUNY ayp YK puaruod [pHs asm saniNoey
sty ‘sassassod ay saniyiqe Suiqimsip ayy pur
a

saaraouad ay saameard ay ‘saouatiadxa ay suBis
pur sot ayp ajfouosau ued JaIUNY ext U9Ag

snousuoUt st pion aya IU saaoad Ayuo srayUNY
J9YIO JO JouaIsTXd DY2 Joy ‘paat]-woys sai ing
"sausoo jatar awos yey aziyreduiAs ued pue auues
aya 99s OyM s1ay20 s9A0d8Ip 4

ay uaya AyUO say
are Aayp OYM YaIM sduB 01 aWOD or yaas sINUNY
se Qsapsey aya acid panqut sulag saye syoan
pue skep asiy ayy "snomsuow stars pjlom aya
usym Aiues UO Ot UOFIsanb AjurEI99 AayD
pue ‘jeameuadns ay ssauaim isiy Koya quaw
-oW dy? [LUOISNJap saajaswoy? yUIYI panguit
Auew ‘paapuy ‘siuawasuesep 02 auoid ATyBIY

woyp sayeur ‘aouarsixa Alaa soya 03 syueyD
Sgayns ssaquny yey ssaus perUW ay
"saqeauad 151yUOD ay ey
ssans pue uoIsuay ay 40} 29]3NO UR apraoad o1
euaisky 10 eruarydoztyss ‘erueWtopesaw se yons
solavyag Sunejnuns Aq own) sau! aya asea
01 sidwione 11 ‘9]19U0991 OUND 11 ey SUOHOUID

Solem

so suorssoudunt yatas paovy st pur ayy Udy A\ "YIN
punojoad 10 so,491 Surwyayauaao sv Yons ‘sFuy]994
Bun291JUOd so a]quad]oIU! 1U04JUOD 02 p9d104 st pur
ayp Udy N90 IU sIOLARYag are sUaWASUEIIG]

SUNBWBONNEG]

-yequow so yeotshyd

soyIOYM "WAeY JaYNs UeD sHIOBIEYD YoTyM UT skem

jo Araurea & quasaid swiarsks BuLmo}]0} BY *]nos pue

Apog 01 rea1yp ¥ sasod pjiom aya asixa — suds But

-1e3ul] pue siseaq 3ui3e1 — siasuow mouy Aaya IY

MON "Yin 941 YIM paruoyuoD azam sraquNy a10;q
sem 3] "9oe[d Aypeap & st ssouyeG Jo pyoy a4,

IG JOSELWIS

ANAH3HL30S9001:793.La¥H9

Sy sR se ee,

aa — wn Sa, a

"Lesser" hunters speculate that the Heralds take direct
control of such extremist imbued. Others claim these fanat-
ics truly understand hunters' mission, and the knowledge
drives them mad. It's no consolation for hunters who remain
to realize that being lucky enough to survive the mission can
ultimately cost one's humanity itself. Fortunately, such
fringe elements seem just as uncomfortable around "stable"
hunters. These people simply fade from hunter circles alto-
gether, pursuing whatever bizarre agendas and objectives
that they conjure. At least, that's what appears to have
happened to the few extremists who made noisy exits from
the hunter subculture.

Hunters gain derangements when their Virtue scores
reach 7 and higher (see Virtues, p. 127). Others can gain
derangements when subjected to intense terror, guilt or
anxiety. Further examples of derangement-inducing events
include killing a loved one in battle, being tortured or
watching fellow hunters fall to the supernatural in par-
ticularly grotesque ways. Generally, any experience that
causes intense and unpleasant emotion or that thor-
oughly violates your character's beliefs or ethics is severe
enough to cause a derangement. The Storyteller decides
whether your character suffers an ailment, and decides
which he receives, choosing (or creating) one appropri-
ate to your character's personality and the circumstances
of the event that cause the disorder.

Te must be noted that people who are "crazy" are neither
funny nor arbitrary in their actions. Insanity is frightening to
people who watch someone rage against unseen presences or
hoard rotten meat to feed to monsters. Even something as
harmless-sounding as talking to an invisible rabbit can be
disturbing to observers. (Is it any wonder that normal people
take all hunters for mad?)

The insane, however, respond toa pattern only they
know, stimuli that they perceive in their own minds. To
their skewed perceptions, what happens to them is per-
fectly normal — to them. Your character's derangement
is there for a reason, whether she saw her own children
devoured alive, or she begins to believe that humanity
must be culled to diminish monsters' feeding stock.
What stimuli does her insanity inflict upon her, and how
does she react to what happens? Work with the Story-
teller to create a pattern of provocations for your
character's derangement, and then decide how she re-
acts to such provocation.

Derangements are a challenge to roleplay, but a little
time and care can result in an experience that is dramatic for

all involved.
Ossessive/ Comrutsive

The trauma, guilt or inner conflict that causes this
derangement forces your character to focus nearly all of his
attention and energy on a single repetitive behavior or
action. Obsession relates to an individual's desire to control
hisenvironment—keeping clean, keeping an area quiet and

<a ee ee ee Py eee gO eee

peaceful, or keeping undesirable individuals from a place. A
compulsion is an action or set of actions that an individual
is driven to perform to soothe his anxieties: placing objects
in an exact order, constantly checking to make sure a
weapon is loaded, praying every few hours to give thanks for
surviving that long.

If your character has an obsessive or compulsive de-
rangement, determine a set of specific actions or behaviors,
as described above. Your character follows them to the
exclusion of all else, even if they interfere with the mission =
or endanger his life or others' lives. The effects of obsessive/
compulsive behavior can be negated for the course of one
scene by spending a temporary Willpower point. If a hunter
is forcibly prevented from adhering to his derangement, he
may lose control amongst enemies or allies and attack either
(or both) indiscriminately.

Mucrets Parsonauiries

The trauma that spawns this derangement fractures
your character's personality into one or more additional
personas, allowing her to deny her trauma or any actions the
trauma causes by placing the blame on "someone else." Each
personality is created to respond tocertain emotional stimuli
—an abused person might develop a tough-a
personality, create a "protector," or even be
to deny the abuse she suffers. In most cases, none of these
personalities is aware of the others, and they come and go
through your character's mind in response to specific situa-
tions or conditions.

nails survivor
‘ome a murderer

You and the Storyteller must agree on how many and

what kind of personalities develop, and the situations that

trigger their dominance. Each personality should be rel-

evantto the trauma that causesit. Not only iseach personality ,
distinct, but in the case of hunters, different personalities

might believe themselves to be normal humans, followers of
other primary Virtues, the Messengers incarnate or perhaps
even monsters.

Hunters with multiple personalities can manifest differ-
ent Abilities or perhaps increased or diminished Conviction
for each identity, but it is the Storyteller's responsibility to
determine the specific details.

‘Scarzoreaxin

Conflicting, unresolveable sets of feelings and im-
pulses can cause your character to develop schizophrenia,
which manifests as a withdrawal from reality, violent
changes in behavior and hallucinations. This derange-
ment is the classic sort, causing victims to talk to walls
imagine themselves to be the King of S

m, or receive
murderous instructions from their pets. Hunters who
turn to conventional medicine for help are typically . a
diagnosed as schizophrenic. Hunters themselves some- A
times have difficulty recognizing the schizophrenic

among their allies. After all, many hunters perceive
themselves apart from mankind, they hear voices and
they see walking evil.

be ek ay Nees te Se

ee

—s =


2 Wee past gs Mee

CHAPYERT:T OOLS OF THEHUNY

Roleplaying this derangement requires careful who do not deserve the power they have, and so must be
thought, because you must determine a general set of made weaker. This belief extends to everyone, including
behaviors relevant to the trauma that causes the condi- _your character's immediate allies. This derangement lends
tion (becoming a more dedicated hunter can count if an extra die to all of the victim's Willpower rolls, due to
doing so means denying previous or commonly accepted _her towering sense of superiority.

values). Hallucinations, bizarre behavior and disem- pera

bodied voices stem from a terrible inner conflict that
the individual cannot resolve. Establish a firm idea of
what that conflict is and then rationalize what kind of
behavior it causes.

A person in the grip of hysteria is unable to control her
emotions, suffering severe mood swings and violent fits
when subjected to stress or anxiety. For hunters, that can be
all the time. Decide on a particular circumstance that
triggers your character's episode: the presence of children,
contact by the Heralds or perhaps open flame.

You must make a Willpower roll whenever your charac-
ter is subjected to this brand of stress or pressure. The
PaRANOls difficulty of the roll is usually 6, increasing to 8 if the stress

Your character believes that her misery and insecurity _is sudden or especially severe.
stem from external persecution and hostility. Paranoids —_ yye-Doressioq
obsess about their persecution complexes, often creating
vast and intricate conspiracy theories to explain who tor-
ments them and why. Anyone or anything perceived to be
"one of them" might be subjected to violence.

Hunters with this derangement are unpredictable and
dangerous — even more so than usual. In situations that
trigger a hunter's inner conflict, a point of Conviction can
be lost until the episode passes.

Manic-depressivessuffer from severe mood swings, some-
times resulting from severe trauma or anxiety. Victims may
be upbeat and confident one moment, then uncontrollably

lethargic and pessimistic the next.
Committed hunters are often classified as paranoid, but P

they have good reason for being that way. Paranoia about
monsters stalking your character does not classify as this
derangement, unless your character takes every hunter's fear
to a new level. Perhaps his obsession leads him to sacrifice
everything he has and everyone he knows to fight his
pursuers. Maybe any cost of human lives is worth the chance
to strike at the enemy oppressing him.

Hunters with this derangement are constantly on a
hair trigger, never knowing when the next mood swing
will strike. Whenever your character fails a task, the
Storyteller has the option of making a secret Willpower
roll (difficulty 8). If the roll fails, your character lapses
into depression. Additionally, your hunter goes into de-
pression whenever one of her rolls botches, or if her
Willpower ever drops below two. The Storyteller should
roll a die to determine how many scenes your character

A hunter who suffers from paranoia has difficulty with
Social interaction; the difficulties of all such dice rolls
increase by one. Your character is distrustful and wary of
everyone, even hunters alongside whom he was imbued.
The slightest hint of suspicious behavior is enough to
provoke a Willpower roll to retain control, with the diffi-
culty relative to the degree of the behavior. Examples of
"them" beyond monsters are fellow hunters, the Messen-
gers, orhuman authorities, whether corrupted or untouched
by the supernatural.

Mccacomanin

Individuals with this derangement are obsessed with
accumulating power and wealth, with salving their inse-
curities by becoming the most potent individuals in their
environment. Your character is invariably arrogant and
supremely sure of her abilities, convinced of her own
inherent superiority. The means of achieving such status
can take many forms, from devious conspiracies to out-
right brutality. Any individual of equal or higher status
than your character is perceived to be "competition."

remains depressed, keeping the number a secret.

A hunter in a depressive state loses a point of
Conviction (to a minimum of 1) for the duration of the
mental episode. Upon emerging from the depressive
state, the character is energetic, relentlessly upbeat and
active (obsessively so) for a number of scenes propor-
tional to the time spent in depression. When your
character is in this manic state, the difficulty of all
Willpower rolls is reduced by one.

Fusue

Victims suffering from fugue experience "blackouts"
and loss of memory. When subjected to a particular variety
of stress, your character begins a specific, rigid set of behav-
iors to remove the stressful symptoms. This syndrome differs
from multiple personalities; an individual in the grip of a
fugue has no separate personality, but is on a form of
"autopilot" similar to sleepwalking. Decide on the kind of
circumstance or exposure that triggers this state: the death
ofa defenseless human, confrontation with a specific sort of
creature, confinement.

Make a Willpower roll when your character is sub-
jected to the appropriate extreme stress or pressure
(difficulty 8). If the roll fails, you must roleplay your

Hunters with this derangement struggle constantly
torise to the height of power and influence, by any means
necessary, whether against monsters, fellow hunters or
the defenseless. In a megalomaniac's view, there are only
two classes of people: those who are weaker; and those

oy ee ee wae et es EE


HUNTER: YHERECKONING

character's trancelike state; otherwise, control of your
character passes to the Storyteller for a number of scenes
equal to the roll of a die. During this period, the Story-
teller may have the character act as she sees fit to
remove the source of the stress. At the end of the fugue,
your character "regains consciousness" with no memory
of her actions.

Disease

Diseases ravage the World of Darkness. Sadly, nor-
mal people are their primary victims. Hunters are exposed
to disease constantly — an occupational hazard when
blood, rotted flesh and ichor start to fly. Tangle with a
bloodsucker carrying HIV and the mortal hunter
risks infection. Tangle with a walking corpse that
died of who-knows-what and the mortal hunter
risks infection. Some night-creatures may even
knowingly infect humans around them!

Other diseases — including ebola, cancer
caused by exposure to radiation, or even a simple
cold — can also affect hunters. The Storyteller can
use the threat of infection as a plot device to
increase tension and introduce socially relevant
topics to a story. She could introduce biological warfare
and serial killers using disease as a weapon to take danger
to new heights. Moral issues could arise as characters face

, unwitting disease carriers, or deal with the infection of a
| friend, family member or fellow hunter.

Characters with appropriate training can research

f antidotes and cures for diseases. Perhaps the "disease"

that drives people to drink blood or that keeps their
bodies alive after natural death can be undone. Although
finding a cure for HIV should not occur within the
framework of your game, an Intelligence + Medicine roll
(difficulty 7) can allow your character to detect the
presence of HIV, hepatitis or other diseases, assuming
your character has access to the appropriate equipment
and a sample of the victim's blood. Developing a cure can
take hours, days or years. Developing an antidote is an
extended action (Intelligence/ Wits + Medicine), with a

goal of 10 or more successes depending on the elusiveness

of the ailment. The difficulty may vary as well.

If your character suffers from a disease, she may take
damage over time based on her rate of degeneration, her
Stamina and the nature of the disease. The Storyteller
determines how often your character must face damage
from the disease, and how many dice are rolled in the
disease damage pool. Your character may resist that dam-
age using a soak roll, though the difficulty of the soak roll
may increase over time as the disease works its way
through your character's body. Extra successes on the
soak roll may buy your character time, or even put the
disease into remission, at the Storyteller's discretion.

Talk on the net has it that those few hunters trained
in recognizing and curing diseases are working on one to


fight bloodsuckers and other creatures. The ethics of intro-
ducing a disease to kill a parasite may be dubious at best.
Would an infected human vessel be required to release the
contagion? And who knows what effects the disease might
have on people?

Drownne

Some of the creatures that hunters stalk don't seem to
need air to survive. Hunters do. Your character can drown if
submerged completely, held underwater or if a swimming
roll botches and the Storyteller is cruel (see Swimming, p.
184). A hunter can hold her breath as indicated on the
following chart:

Stamina Holding Breath
1 30 seconds
2 One minute
3 Two minutes
4 Four minutes
5 Eight minutes

Willpower can alsobe spent to continue holding breath;
each point grants another 30 seconds if Stamina is 3 or
lower, or another full minute if Stamina is 4 or higher.
When your character can no longer hold his breath, he
hegins to drown or suffocate, as appropriate. A drowning
hunter suffers one lethal health level each turn. This damage
cannot be healed with hunter powers until the characteris out
of the hostile environment. When your character reaches
Incapacitated, he dies in one minute per point of Stamina.

ELecyROCUTION

Electricity does nasty things to humans. Considered
lethal damage, an electrical shock can kill a hunter. If your
character comes in contact with a source of electricity
without appropriate insulation, she takes damage. The Sto-
ryteller may ask you to roll Strength (difficulty 9) todetermine
whether your character can pull away from the current.
Armor does not protect from electricity, though certain
other precautions such as grounding might. Your Storyteller
has final say on whether your character's rubber-soled boots
help at all.

The following chart shows the amount of damage deliv-
ered based on the source of the electrical shock. Your
character may suffer permanent damage if she falls to Inca-
pacitated as a result of electrical shock. The results may be
impairment (loss of Physical Attributes), permanent memory
loss or brain damage (loss of Mental Attributes), or disfig-

Health Levels/Turn Electrical Source

One Minor; wall socket
Two Major; vehicle battery
Three Severe; protective fence,
junction box
Fatal; main feed line,

Four
e subway rail

Exrtosivies

A hand grenade can goa long way toward slowing down
that shambling hunk of rotting flesh. Then again, maybe
not. Any number of explosive devices might come in handy,
such as pipe bombs, plastique, dynamite or even fireworks.
Some of these do little more than start fires, others have
concussive and even shredding effects, and some may turn
monsters into walking infernos. Characters may use explo-
as weapons against their enemies, ot they may use the
devices to break down a door or open a safe.

The Storyteller must remember that these weapons
aren't widely available, and many of them are strictly illegal.
The Arsenal Background (p. 120) at sufficient level is
required to have personal access to explosives. The Re-
sources, Contacts, Allies or Streetwise Traits might also be
combined to acquire these weapons. Of course, hunters can
always steal what they need. What do some hunters care
about the law when the police are ignorant of — or party to
— the true evils of the world?

Your character may throw explosives, such as grenades
or pipe bombs, or set them in a stationary location and wait
for the target to pass, as in the case of timed or triggered
bombs. If your character throws an explosive, roll Dexterity
+ Demolitions/ Athletics to determine whether she places it
where she intends. If your character sets the bomb with a
timer or trigger, roll Dexterity + Stealth to actually put it in
place without being detected. Then roll Wits/ Intelligence
+ Demolitions to determine whether she configures and
detonates the bomb correctly. A botch while using explo-
sives may put a grenade at your character's feet or may
detonate a bomb during setup.

A grenade or bomb has a damage pool as indicated on
the Explosives Chart. That number is the damage inflicted
at ground zero. Reduce damage by one die for each yard that
a potential victim stands from the epicenter. Extra successes
achieved in an explosives attack roll (whether thrown or
set) do not increase the amount of damage done; ground zero
is simply more deadly than are the fringes of the blast radius.
Dodge rolls versus explosives are at +1 difficulty.

Ifan explosives attack roll misses, you probably want to
determine where or when the explosion takes place and
whom it does affect, if anyone. The intended target is
assumed to be outside the blast radius. In the case ofa thrown

urement (reduced Appearance). The Storyteller decides
whether your character's injuries are this severe.
a
ss et

CHAPY ERT: TOOLS OF THEHUNY

gy RD ES out SR et SS ees EE


UNV ER: THE RECKONING

explosive, randomly determine a direction from the target in
which the blast occurs. In the case of a set explosive,
determine how much time passes before the charge does
explode, if at all. Watch out; your character or his allies
could wind up the unwitting victims.

Most explosives inflict lethal damage unless stated
otherwise. Armor may protect against impact, but not nec-
essarily against burning.

The Explosives Chart details a few weapons. Many
variables play into the effects of an explosive, so the chart
offers only broad suggestions regarding these devices.

Exrtostves Cuner
Type
Example

Incendiary*
Molotov Cocktail

Damage Conceal

Concussion Grenade
Shredding

Shrapnel Grenade

Single Destructive

Stick of Dynamite

High Explosive+ 20
Plastique

"Incendiary devices ignite the target (see Fire, below).

Damage delivered by the explosion is bashing, though
damage caused by the fire is lethal.

Variable

**Concussion explosives deliver bashing damage and knock
the target down (see Knockdown, p. 197)

+Timed or triggered bombs that hold a variable amount of
dynamite, plastique or other explosive cause damage to
surrounding structures and ignite flammable materials, which
complicates damage. The figures listed are suggestions only.

Facume

Hunters who chase their prey up fire escapes or from
toof top to roof top must be prepared for the consequences.
Your character might walk away from a short fall or never
walk again after a long one. The chart below lists the number
of damage dice your Storyteller rolls. If your character falls
30 feet or less, damage can be diminished by grabbing
outcroppings or tumbling upon impact. Make a Dexterity +
Athletics roll against the difficulty listed on the chart. Each

su on this roll reduces the damage dice pool of the fall

by one. Any remaining damage successes are bashing; you
can make asoak roll. If your character falls more than 30 feet,
no amount of acrobatics helps, and damage is lethal; its
effects cannot be soaked.

|
!
|
|

CN ee

Certain armor types may help your character resist
bashing or lethal damage, at the Storyteller's discretion.
Modifiers may also apply based on where your character
lands; concrete hurts a lot more than water, depending on
the altitude of the fall. The numbers on the chart assume a
hard surface awaits.

Faun Damacz
Feet Save Roll Difficulty
10 Dex + Athletics v
20 Dex + Athletics 8
30 Dex + Athletics 9
40 None
50 None
None

Damage Dice
2 (bashing)
5 (bashing)
10 (bashing)
10 (lethal)
10 (lethal)
10 (lethal)

The nature, extent and temperature of a fire all affect
how destructive it is to your character's body. The greatest
danger arises when his clothes ignite and he continues to
take damage even after the initial flame attack. Stop, drop
and roll! Your character takes damage automatically in
every turn that he remains in contact with the fire, until he
escapes or extinguishes the blaze. (No "attack" dice are
rolled for fire; health levels are simply lost as if successes had
been rolled.) Fire causes lethal damage; your character may
not soak it.

Health Levels/Turn
One

Size of Fire

Clothing or hair on fire; body part
exposed to torch or similar small fire
Bonfire; half the body exposed to
extensive flames

Inferno; entire body engulfed in
raging fire

Porsonseno Drugs

A poisonous or intoxicating substance introduced into
the body limits your character's ability to perform — at best.
At worst, it kills him. It's impossible to discuss every poison
or drug that your character might be exposed to, but the list
below offers direction on how to handle various kinds.

Hunters are human and can easily become addicted to
a drug or might even develop an immunity to a poison. The
terrible burden of recognizing evil personified is enough to
drive anyone to pleasure wherever they can find it, no matter
how self-destructive. Some hunters convince themselves
that they can do their job only when drunk or high. Others

nei en ag eee te.


are so disciplined, so focused that they believe repeated
exposure to drugs and poisons — among other abuses —
makes them stronger for the resultant resistance.

® Alcohol: You subtract one die from any Dexterity,
Perception, Intelligence or Wits dice pool for every drink
your character consumes within an hour. This effect fades at
the rate of one die per hour until all the alcohol is purged
from your character's system.

© Marijuana: You lose one die from any Dexterity,
Perception, Intelligence or Wits dice pool for every hit your
character takes from a joint or bong within an hour. This
effect fades completely an hour after the last toke, unless
your character continues to "medicate" himself.

* Hallucinogens: All dice pools lose one to three dice
depending on the strength of the hallucinogen. Your char-
acter may experience confusing, frightening or enraging
hallucinations, although he may manage to realize that they
exist in his drugged mind only (Intelligence + Streetwise/
Empathy, difficulty of 6, with the one to three dice penalty
in place). Depending upon the nature of your character's
"crip," you may actually gain dice in a pool for a relevant
Trait that's enhanced by the experience. The effects last for
(8 minus Stamina) hours.

* Cocaine/ crack/ speed: Your character may experi-
ence a +1 increase in Strength or Stamina, though he also
may become edgy and paranoid. The Storyteller bases the
effects of the drug on the volume that your character takes,
how pure it is and on your character's state of mind.

© Heroin/ morphine/ barbiturates: Pain subsides, but
your character enters a dreamy state for (8 minus Stamina)
hours. All dice pools are reduced by two dice during this time.

© Salmonella (food poisoning): Yourcharacter becomes
nauseated within an hour of eating and suffers one health
level of bashing damage. He loses one die from all Dexterity
and Strength dice pools for (8 minus Stamina) hours.

© Poison: The nature and strength of the poison deter-
mines how much damage your character suffers. As a general
tule, your character takes from one to three levels of bashing
damage per scene or even turn (depending on the intensity of
the poison). The effects last and damage continues to accrue
until the poison wears off or an antidote is provided. Some
poisons such as acids and chemicals may deliver lethal damage
if they burn the mouth, esophagus or stomach.

‘TEMPERATURE EXYREMES

Extreme heat or cold has an adverse effect on your
character. It may reduce his Dexterity, Strength or even
affect his mental acuity by reducing Wits. Under the worst
conditions, it deals damage. Frostbite, hypothermia or heat
exhaustion have dire consequences. The Storyteller can
represent extreme weather conditions through reduced
dice pools, increased difficulties or even the accumulation
of damage.

2 Bae gat ge Bees

EXAMPLEOEPLAY

[Three players gather together on a Friday night to
continue the story they began the week hefare. Their char-
acters (Marilyn, Kara and Tony) have been investigating a
series of disappearances. They follow clues that lead them to
acarnival passing through the outskirts of their hometown.
The characters agreed to stake out the carnival in the
previous session. When they arrive, they split up to cover
more ground, but plan to meet again near the Ferris wheel in
an hour. The Storyteller talks out downtime events with
each player and pauses to begin roleplaying when something
interesting happens to one of the characters.]

Marilyn used to know how to enjoy herself. She used
to enjoy listening to others' laughter. Now she just
wishes they'd all shut the hell up. She can barely hear her
own thoughts amid the cacophony of the carnival. The
tinkling music from the carousel, the clamor of talking
and cries of wonder, the children screeching, the screams
from the rides and the calls of the barkers all encroach
upon her attention. She needs to stay alert, but it's
difficult in this grating din.

The aromas of sugar, hot dogs and animal dung
linger in her nose to resuscitate childhood memories. A
glimmer of that same old excitement tickles her spine,
but then an eerie man passes through her peripheral
vision, and the feeling dies as quickly as it came. She
watches him walk by, holding her breath until it burns.
He continues on without so much as a glance. He's just
another of the ignorant masses. Marilyn breathes again.

Her boots sinking into the littered mud, Marilyn
stakes out the crowd. She pays to see the snake-man;
ultimately, another normal person, despite his impres-
sive tongue. She pays to ride through the haunted house,
and searches for anything that may hide its identity
among the artificial horrors. Growing discouraged that
she's wasting her time, Marilyn buys a weak lemonade
and a greasy hot dog — the first "meal" she's had all day.
Standing beside a faded candy-cane-colored tent, she
lights a cigarette and discovers that trouble doesn't
always have to be searched out.

"You're a pretty lady," a small voice says. It comes
from the darkness between the tents.

Marilyn spots an angelic child, a little boy with a
heart-shaped face. Feeling little enthusiasm, she eventu-
ally replies, "Yeah, thanks." She tries to force her facial
muscles into a ghost of a smile and offers, "You lost?" Her
cigarette flares of its own accord, the fire catching a seed.
It draws Marilyn's eyes, but only for a moment. Nothing

i unusual here.

[The Storyteller makes a secret roll without telling
anyone why. He wants to find out how alert Marilyn is to the
boy, but he doesn't want to give anything away if the roll
should fail or botch. He rolls Marilyn's Perception + Alert-
ness versus a difficulty of 8. He puts six dice into his pool
from her Perception (3) and Alertness (3) and rolls 2, 2, 5,

2 on eee ee ne >

CHAPYERT-TOOLS OF YHEHUNY

|

y

|

|
)
|

N

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

8, 8, 9 — three successes. The Storyteller describes how
Marilyn gets a strange feeling from the child, a niggling fear.]

The little boy shakes his head. Flashing red and blue
lights strung nearby cast soft hues onto the boy's white-
blond curls. His cupid's-bow lips curve up with the kind
of smile that snakes give as a salve to future wounds.
Marilyn frowns. Not even she can explain why, but
something strange and surreal in the child's large, blue
eyes makes her spine tingle. She glances around for her
companions, Kara and Tony, but they're nowhere in
sight. She debates whether she's in danger, looks down
at the kid again and feels her courage swell. He's just a
little boy.

Marilyn manages to put a smile on her face and ask,
"What's your name?"

"Satan."

Marilyn blinks. Her courage falters in her stomach,
threatens to desert her. "Don't be silly," she growls to i
herself as much as to the boy.

The little boy shrugs carelessly, "Don't believe me.
I don't give a damn."

[The Storyteller makes another secret Perception roll for
Marilyn todetermine whethershe notices any other pertinent
information about the child's demeanor. The Storyteller
forms the dice pool from Marilyn's Perception + Alertnessand
sets a difficulty number of 8. He gathers a dice pool based on
Perception (3) and Alertness (3), and rolls 2, 4, 4, 6, 7 and 9
s. This minimal success gives the character only
the most obvious information about the child.]

— one suce

Marilyn studies the boy curiously, guessing that he
can't be any older than eight. His brown pants and green
sweatshirt fit him well. They're clean. Mud clings to his
white tennis shoes, but then her own boots are covered
with the muck, too. The logo on his sweatshirt reads,
"Jesus Loved Me, Once."

"{'d better go," Marilyn announces.

"No!" complains the boy. "You gotta come see my
mama." He reaches for Marilyn's hand, his small fingers
grasping. "You got to!"

[The Storyteller states the child's intention to take
Marilyn by the hand and, rather than roll dice for it,
Marilyn's player agrees to go along for now, roleplaying the
moment for dramatic effect.]

With a shake of her head, Marilyn tries half-
heartedly to pull her hand away, but the child refuses to
release her, using both hands to tug her toward a tent.

"rll only take a minute, I promise!" the boy whines.
"My mama... she's very sick and I promised I'd bring
help. Please! You gotta come see." Tears fill his eyes.

Marilyn's brow knits as she stares at the child
suspiciously, resisting as she decides what to do. She
scans the area, but her companions are still nowhere to
be found. She knows something's not right. She knows

Nees Cae EE,

she's not supposed to handle these things alone. But, ifshe
refuses, they could lose the kid, or worse, the kid could
grab someone less prepared to deal with the...

Marilyn shakes her head to escape the awful visions
emerging in her mind. Unwilling to risk losing this
potential lead, she goes with the boy. She can handle it.
Right?

The boy sniffles, pulling Marilyn into the tent, into
the darkness. | ee

"It's okay," the boy encourages. "You'll understand in
aminute." Hesmileshappily, his tearsdtied up. Pulling aside
a flap, he precedes her inside, tugging her along.

Marilyn leans in across the threshold, refusing to
enter any further.

[At this point, the Storyteller gives Kara and Tony's
players a chance for their characters to see Marilyn disappear
with the child. He allows Kara's player an automatic success,
as she has seven dice in her Wits (4) and Alertness (3) pool
(the difficulty he chose was only 6). Because he knows Kara
will tell Tony, the Storyteller doesn't bother to make either
player roll. Kara notices Marilyn going with the boy.

{Taking Kara and Tony's players aside, the Storyteller
asks them what their characters do. They head toward the
tent. He describes the distance to the tent and promises to let
them know when their characters arrive.

(The Storyteller then asks Marilyn's player to make a roll
using her Willpower score versus a difficulty of 6. The player
gathers six dice and scores 2, 3, 5, 6, 8 and 8 — three
successes. Marilyn has enough courage to face what she finds
in the tent]

An oppressive darkness looms inside the tent. As
large as a two-car garage, it smells of kerosene, hay and
dead skin. Marilyn blinks back the dots before her eyes
as she tries to acclimate her vision. She feels the boy's
hand slip from hers and has the sudden urge to run. Her
rational mind fights back the panic, and she chastises
herself for her cowardice.

"Mama?" The little boy's voice comes from some-
where in the darkness.

From the far side of the tent a new, feminine voice
responds, "That you, my little angel?" Marilyn tums
toward the voice. Its deep rasp lends credence to the
boy's claim that his mother is ill.

"Yeah, mama. | brought a nice lady for you." The
boy's tone sings with pride.

"Oh, you are my darling boy. Light the lamp, will you,
so I can look at her?" A moment later, the boy lights a
match that illuminates his face with a warm, orange glow.
He lifts the globe to a kerosene lantern and touches the
flame to the wick. The lamp flickers its glow in a wide
circle, bringing most of the tent's secrets into view.

Marilyn's eyes narrow as she takes in her surround-
ings. A thick pole rises in the center, supporting the
arcked roof. Brightly colored silk scarves decorate it,
swayingslightly in an anonymous breeze. The impromptu

_


aA 2 We past gs Ges

living room has couches and settees, piles of cushions and
low coffee tables, all carefully arranged on the hay-
covered earth. In the soft lighting, the furniture has an
otherworldly feel: fringed upholstery and tasseled cush-
ions of rich ruby, emerald, gold and sapphire. Marilyn has
the sudden sensation that she has stepped back to a
different time and place, where sheiks rule their subjects
with murderous glee. For a moment, she almost believes
that if she turns around and leaves she'll step into desert
of shifting sands.

A shadow ripples in the far corner where the light
doesn't reach.

Swallowing, Marilyn asks tentatively, "Your son says
you're ill?" She takes a step forward. A few feet inside won't
be too dangerous. The exit is right at her back.

A deep chuckle rises, and the other woman an-
nounces huskily, "Is that what he said? Well, yes, I
suppose that's one way of looking at it." The little boy's
giggle must please his mother, because she laughs with
him. "I try not to fret about it too much. There's not
much I can do at this point. I'm lucky to be... alive."

Marilyn's hackles rise. She changes her mind about
the whole situation. Taking a step back into the triangu-
lar doorway, she slips a hand into her pocket and offers,
"I'd better be going, then. I'm... meeting someone."

"No you're not," the throaty voice purrs. "You came
here alone and now you're afraid. Why are you afraid?"

"I'm not afraid."

"Yes you are. Don't try to lie to me. I can smell your
fear." The sound of sniffing and a pleased sigh come from
the obscured corner. "Don't worry. | won't eat you."

A shuffle of hay behind Marilyn alerts her to the
presence of a third person. She turns to see a large man
wearing denim overalls and a red-flannel shirt. His ragged
hair fringes down from a bald spot, and his eyes have a
limpid emptiness. He blocks the exit, towering over her.
dy!" cries the little boy, pleased. The man gives
no response, and Marilyn wonders if he's even aware of
the boy.

"Oh, wonderful," hisses the mother happily, "we're
all here."

The man smiles mindlessly at Marilyn. His bulky
arms rise and spread, aimed at wrapping around her.

Marilyn thinks she cries, "No!" |

[Marilyn's player must make a resisted roll versus the
Storyteller to determine whether Marilyn can dodge the
lunge. The Storyteller rolls Dexterity (2) + Brawl (2) for the
character, while the player rolls Dexterity (3) + Dodge (2).
Both roll versus a difficulty of 6. The Storyteller scores 3, 3,
4 and 5 — no successes. The player gets 3, 4, 5, 7 and 9 —
two successes. Marilyn manages to dodge.}

Marilyn stumbles back and pushes an ornate couch
between herself and her attacker.

"Get th' fuck away from me!" she screams as an
initial line of defense.

"Oh, darling, please," the woman coos patronizingly.
"You're being hysterical. He's just a very... friendly man."

{Advancing events into combat turns; the Storyteller
asks all players to make initiative rolls for their characters. He
rolls for each of his three characters (the man, the boy and the
mother), as well. Marilyn's player adds her Dexterity (3) +
Wits (3) to get her initiative rating. She then rolls one die and
getsa 4, which she adds to her initiative rating for a total of 10.
Kara's player rolls and adds the resulting 6 to her initiative
rating of 7 — Dexterity (3) + Wits (4) — for a total of 13.
Tony's player adds his initiative rating of 6 to his die result and
gets a total of 9. The Storyteller's characters go on 12.

[The players declare their actions in reverse order of
initiative. Tony's player announces that his character breaks
into a run to get to the tent faster, as he still hasn't reached
it. Marilyn attempts to get to the exit. The Storyteller
decides that the man attempts to grapple Marilyn again. At
the same time, the little boy tries to knock Marilyn down.
Kara runsas well, but circles to the other side of the tent from
Tony. The Storyteller remindsall players that Kara and Tony
don't know what's going on in the tent, but agrees that
caution is appropriate.

[Kara and Tony are only moving, so the Storyteller
allows them to approach the tent unhindered during the
resolution phase.

[Next, the Storyteller characters act. The man and boy
gang up on Marilyn. Her player decides to forego her action
later in the initiative queue in order to defend against the
man, and she makes a successful Willpower roll to do so. The
Storyteller won't let her defend against the boy as well,
because Marilyn is too intent on the first attacker. They roll
again, just like before. The resisted action roll results in
Marilyn dodging the father's lunge again.

[The boy tackles Marilyn, but the Storyteller doesn't
make it a resisted roll. He needs only a single success on a
Strength + Brawl roll. The boy succeeds in his knockdown
attempt on Marilyn. The Storyteller then rolls the boy's
Strength +1 (3), difficulty 6, to determine whether the boy
does any damage. The Storyteller scores 2, 6, 9 — two
successes toward bashing damage.

[Marilyn's player may attempt to soak the damage by
rolling a dice pool equal to her Stamina (2) versus a difficulty
of 6. The player rolls 4, 7. The one success is removed from the
damage total, so Marilyn's player marks only one level of
damage on her sheet. She puts: in the box next to Bruised.]

E

Meaty hands reach for Marilyn as the hulk pursues
her with single-minded determination. She edges around
the couch, keeping it between them until a solid push
from one side sends her sprawling on the floor. Blinking,
Marilyn looks up into angelic blue eyes.

"You're a bitch," the boy announces, plopping down
on Marilyn's chest.

"What?" Marilyn gasps. The boy's father looms over
her. His mouth is open, drooling. He has no tongue. He
has no teeth. The black ooze of decay covers his palate
and drains over his lips.

CHAPY ERT: TOOLS OF YHEHUNY

y

|
|
|

HUNTER: Y HE RECKONING

[Everyone has taken an actions, so the Storyteller calls for
the players to roll initiative again. Each adds his or her initiative
rating to one die to determine ranks in the initiative queue. The
scores fall as follows: Kara (12), Storyteller characters (10),
Tony (9) and Marilyn (8). Marilyn's original initiative, 10,
suffers a two-point penalty because of her knockdown.

[Marilyn's player announces her intention to scream,
attempt to push the boy off her and kick the father. Tony's
player decides that he slows down and sneaks around the tent
in hopes of overhearing something or finding the entrance.
The boy and man try to hold Marilyn down while the mother
still remains uninvolved. Kara slows down as well and checks
out the other side of the tent.

[In the resolution phase, the Storyteller allows Kara to
find the entrance flap to the tent first. He describes what Kara
sees when she peeks inside. On the Storyteller characters'
actions, neither the boy nor the man does anything, though
they will defend against Marilyn later. In order to reduce die
|s, the Storyteller allows Marilyn's scream asa non-action
s her player to make a resisted Strength (2) + Brawl
(3) roll, difficulty 6. The Storyteller rolls the boy's Strength
(2) + Brawl (2), also against difficulty 6, and his su
reduce the player's total successes. Marilyn's player rolls and
scores three successes. The Storyteller scores none. Marilyn
manages to push the child off her.

[Rather than make the player roll to determine whether
Marilyn can kick the father, the Storyteller opts to simply
allow it for dramatic intensity.]

es FN

Marilyn screams. She shoves the boy off with all her |

strength, then delivers a solid kick to the father's groin.
Slipping in the hay, she crab-crawls backward, watching
as the man doubles over. The sounds of the carnival seem
distant, like a faint music box.

"Bitch!" the mother growls. She has moved, unno-
ticed, to guard the exit

{All players roll initiative again. The order this time is
Kara, Tony, Marilyn and the Storyteller characters. The
players announce their characters' intentions in reverse
initiative order and then the resolution phase begins. None
of the Storyteller characters do anything other than speak.
Marilyn distances herself and grabs the kerosene lantern as
a possible weapon. Tony finds Kara at the tent's entrance,
drawing her .44 Magnum and firing at the misshapen person
standing over Marilyn.

[The Storyteller asks Kara's player to roll Dexterity (3)
+ Firearms (3) versus a difficulty of 6. She fires twice —
multiple shots — and so reduces her pool by two. She rolls
four dice for the first attempt and gets two successes. On her
second roll, she reduces the pool by another die and rolls
three dice, garnering one success. The gun has a Damage
rating of 6. Kara's player rolls 13 dice in her damage pool (a
total of 12 for the two shots fired and one more die for the
extra success achieved on the first attack roll). The damage
difficulty is 6. Kara's player gets only three damage successe
The Storyteller knows that the carnival woman cannot soak
lethal damage, so he places three "Xs" next to Bruised, Hurt
and Injured on her character sheet.

|
J

j!


Sudd
| Tony's blade.

A 2» Be pet gs Bes

[Sensing an impending finalé, the Storyteller arranges
the narrative to make it dramatic, despite the order in which
actions are resolved.]

The boy scrambles to his feet and runs to his
mother, "I cried to pick a nice one, mama. Please don't
be mad."

Frozen with horror, Marilyn watches as the woman
bends to press purple, swollen lips to the boy's curls. The
hand that strokes his cheek is missing two fingers,
knuckle bones extending beyond ragged flesh. Her red
nightgown drips down a body halted in its decay, breasts
melting and stomach sagging. Maggots burrow in a sore
on the top of her foot, writhing in the pool of putres-
cence they've created for themselves. The mother
nurtures all her children.

Marilyn rolls to her feet and moves deeper into the
tent. She holds the kerosene lamp in front of herself.
Suddenly, two explosions resound, and the mother
body jerks and jolts, exploding outward at the chest,
spraying chunks of rotted flesh and sending a fine mist
of puss to test Marilyn's gag reflex.

{The Storyteller asks Marilyn's player to roll Wits (3) +
Streetwise (0), difficulty 6, to determine whether Marilyn is
startled by the shots. Because Marilyn has no Streetwise
Ability, she rolls only three dice in her pool. She botches,
scoring I, 3, 4.]

Startled, Marilyn drops the lamp. It breaks open and
fire spreads quickly across the hay. Chaos ensues.

"Mama!" the boy screeches.

The man turns slowly to watch as the mother topples
forward into the blazing hay. The fire spreads in seconds,
encouraged by the straw, kerosene and abundance of
fringes, tassels and canvas.

"Fuckin' freaks!" growls a voice that makes Marilyn
wantto weep for joy. The irony of Kara's curse is lost on her.

[But the drama isn't over. The Storyteller requests one
last initiative roll from everyone. Once the queue is deter-
mined, he guides the players through the last part of the
scene. The Storytellers' characters take no offensive actions.
Kara fires another few rounds into the mother. Tony, seeing
that Marilyn heads deeper into the tent, runs around to
create an exit for her. As the fire spreads, the Storyteller
makes Marilyn's player roll Stamina (2) versus a difficulty of
6 to determine whether the character is overcome by smoke.
The roll fails.]

Heart pounding, Marilyn covers her mouth and
turns away instinctively as she heads deeper into the
tent. She searches frantically for a way out at the back
wall. The fire crackles, spreading uncontrollably. Blinded
by the smoke, Marilyn runs her hands over the canvas,
claws her nails at the seams and eventually falls to her
knees as her strength begins to fail.

suddenly, a long knife stabs through the tent near
her face. The last thing she sees is the fire reflected in

[The Storyteller describes how the man and the little
boy are caught in the burning hay and perish there with the
mother — assuming they don't rise again from even this end.
The Storyteller agrees that Kara and Tony can drag Marilyn
from the tent and get her home amid the chaos that now
permeates the carnival. Now that combat has come to an
end, he lets the players return to free roleplay. The characters
talk and the Storyteller eventually announces that Marilyn
regains consciousness.-

Marilyn awakens with the acrid smell of burned
nylon, hay and manure in her nose. She opens her eyes,
takes several moments to focus, and finally blinks up ata
red-haired young woman. Her throat burns and her lungs
ache as she coughs hoarsely.

Kara frowns, offering Marilyn a glass of water. "What
the hell were you thinkin', going in there alone?"

Marilyn sits up to take the water.

"Leave her alone, Kara," Tony drawls from across the
room.

Kara turns to glare at him. The sway of her hair
reminds Marilyn of the fire.

"Look, you back-assward idiot," Kara says, sounding
pissed, "she coulda gotten us killed." Her Brooklyn vow-
els come out when she's pissed.

"But she didn't, did she?" Tony has a way of making
everything he says sound like a slow declaration of
mystical truth. He shifts as if the conversation is over and
his attention is better directed elsewhere.

"I'm sorry," Marilyn apologizes quietly, voice rough.
"It was just a kid. | figured I could handle it."

"Yeah, well you were wrong, weren't ya?" grumbles
Kara. "I was all th' way down by the Ferris wheel an' I
could smell his shit. Good thing I saw ya."

Marilyn glares up at Kara. "Look. Back off, okay!
Yeah, you saved my life. Thanks. But that doesn't give
you the right to chew me out. You make mistakes, too."
Marilyn doesn't mention specifics, but both know what
she alludes to.

Kara growls and makes a fist, ready to retaliate when
Tony intervenes.

"Cut it out!" Tony shouts. He stares them both
down, then lowers his voice to a conversational tone.
"Where there's one pack of those things, there's bound to.
be more. Tomorrow night we go back to that carnival,
and this time, we stick together. Anyone who wanders off
alone dies alone."

"That's right," Kara grunts at Marilyn. She points a
finger at the other woman, "You just remember that!"

Marilyn lifts her hands in frustrated surrender and
sighs, "I got it. I got it." She shakes her head and stands
carefully, "I'll get on the computer and see what I can find
out about that carnival..."

CHAPYERT:T OOLS OF THEHUNY

REP ag Ee,


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

Email Program

Subject: [Re: Go Your Own Way |

To: [ hunter. list@hunter-net.org

From: [god4s

see meSthes

Copied To: [

While I look it and feel it, [know I'm not immortal. But by God, neither are the freaks
that call us slaves! .


HUNTER: Y HERECKONING

—Job 4:18

ordinary people like you and me. We can identify with the
businessmen, students and artists who live in the World of
Darkness. Their experiences aren't terribly far from our own
Throughout their lives, these people put their faith in ac-
cepted truths. The sky is blue. The only guarantees in life are
birth, death and taxes. Monsters are figments of imagination.

You have stories to tell. Everyone does. In Hunter,
stories can be easy to tell because, at their core, they're about

When these fundamental, accepted ideas are under-
mined, proven wrong, the bottom falls out of reality itself. A
2 person exposed suddenly to the truth has many stories to tell,
but now they don't come easily. Now they're terrifying,
because monsters exist.

This chapter is perhaps the most important in this
tulebook. Although you need other chapters to establish the

"CHAPTER 8:
THE TRUTH
TORYTELLING

Behold, he put no trust in his servants; and his
angels he charged with folly...

setting of the game, provide rules for creating characters,
and establish systems for resolving events, the Storytelling
chapter explains how everything comes together. The im-
bued don't understand the real world in which they've lived
all along. Players may be familiar with other Storyteller
games, but they don't fully know how Hunter fits into the
World of Darkness. This chapter empowers you, the Story-
teller, with everything you need to know to create an
imposing, frightening setting in which normal people come
face to face with the stuff of nightmares.

This chapter tells you how to run games and tell stories
with Hunter: The Reckoning. You learn how to create a
story and chronicle. You're taught how to stage a prelude for
imbued characters. You learn the basic truths of the Messen-
gers. It's all right here. Just try to keep it from your players.


APracrice Srory

Close your eyes for a moment. Picture yourself after a
hard day at school or work. It's a Friday, so you eat out, either
alone or with family or friends. Picture all the details of the
evening, the things you take for granted because they sur-
round you constantly. The traffic. The sleek sports car
alongside you. The dirty silverware at the restaurant. The
couple sitting at the table in the corner. The friendly wait-
ress. The smudged menu. It'san ordinary night in an ordinary
world.

Ie's when the waitress comes to take your order, when
you look up, that you truly see the couple in the comer for the
first time. The man isn't alone. You can see inside him, sense
the chilling, malignant spirit that hides in his body and keeps
his own beleaguered soul at bay. The woman is going to die.
The spirit plans to use its host to murder her — revenge for
a past indiscretion. And an innocent man will be charged
with the crime.

You don't stop to question this startling revelation. You
simply know it to be true, as surely as you know the sun will
set. Suddenly, your usual surroundings don't matter any-
more. Everything you've always believed in or taken for
granted is unimportant in the face of asimple fact: Evil exists.
It controls helpless people and is bent on murder. Someone
has to do something. You have to do something.

The waitress is bowled aside. The smudged menu falls to
the floor. Dirty silverware flies through the air. You act out
against the corruption that hides amid mankind, and that has
done so for ages.

Can you see the couple standing up to leave? Can you
hear the waitress asking you what you want to eat? Your
companion asking you what you're looking at? The chaos
that ensues when you act?

Creating these mental images is part of storytelling. In
Hunter, these stories are told with a group of people around
a table. The players bring their complete and well-defined
characters to the game. You, as Storyteller, bring the world
and events that surround and confront the characters — the
developments that inspire them to do something. Together,
you tell tales of fear, tragedy, resolution and hope. Together,
you tell stories about hunters.

Grour Sronvrstime

Forget about the pages of rules and handfuls of dice.
Close the book, turn out the lights and tell me a story about
hortifying sights and grim determination. I'll tell you about
a hunter — a once-ordinary person made to confront the
horrors of the real world, and empowered to respond to them.
She has talents and weaknesses, fears and motivations. You
tell me what kind of challenges she faces, what rewards or
perils come her way. You plan the twists and turns the story
takes, and I tell you how my hunter navigates them. Only you
know how the story ultimately ends, but only I know how the
character arrives there. Along the way, the work you put into

A 2 Gee pest gs Bees

the story gives my hunter the chance to grow and develop,
and her actions breathe life into the world you have created.

That is the challenge of storytelling. Hunter: The Reck-
oning is about discovering absolute reality and coming to grips
with it. Bringing the human soul to bear against forces far more
powerful. Staring unflinchingly into the abyss. Understanding
for the first time ina lifetime that the greatest evils committed
are not necessarily wrought by humans hands, and declaring
enough is enough. Making a personal commitment to take
back what has always been denied mankind, and winning
humanity as a whole its freedom.

In short, Hunter is about characters and how they
develop — or collapse — in the face of horror and obsession.
Can family be held together when nights are dedicated to
stalking and confronting monstrosities? Must all semblance
of_a normal life be abandoned for the war against the
supernatural to finally be won? Is even the ultimate sacrifice
futile against nightcrawling hordes? And if life is preserved,
must identity be sacrificed instead? As Storyteller, you draw
on the characters' backgrounds, hopes and ambitions to
create stories that challenge their — and their players' —
convictions and beliefs.

Asaresult, assuming the role ofa Storyteller ina Hunter
game is very demanding. Careful thought and background
work are required to build character-driven chronicles and
stories. You must create a world that isa nightmare reflection
of our own, enticing and repellent, exhilarating and horrify-
ing. You must evoke the thrill of mystifying power, and a fear
of what might happen if the characters ever lose control.
And you can't let the characters just keep to themselves,
hoping to hide from what they know and have become. The
night air is thick with danger and intrigue, as nagging doubts
about their own sanity compel the imbued to understand
their experiences, as visions of unfathomable evil assail the
senses, as hunters seck allies against the enemy, and as
monsters come in search of those humans who would dare
oppose them.

Storytelling sounds like a lot to manage all at once, and
itis at first. Fortunately, you don't have to do it all yourself.
The secret to successful storytelling is, ironically, the work of
the players. Fulfilling the expectations and interests of a
chronicle's players is the first trick to creating the game.
Then — if the chronicle and its overall story have been
developed carefully — the actions of the characters, both
good and bad, have consequences that in turn spawn further
stories. Never forget: The more the players are involved with
what happens in a chronicle, the less work you must take
upon yourself. You aren't supposed to do it all alone. You
should have as much fun with the game as the players, and
this chapter details how.

se

This chapter illustrates the process of creating and
running a Hunter chronicle, and it offers advice for
making the most out of the individual stories that per-
petuate the chronicle. Building a detailed and cohesive
background, a world for the characters to hunt in, begins

CHAPTERS: THE TRUTH

5 ee ee were et ee


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Oe ee

with input from your players and your own ideas for the _play characters in whom they are interested. At this point
overall story you would like to tell. Once you've decided comes some amount of negotiation and compromise. Per-
on the details of the world, the next step is having players haps you can interest them in your backdrop of political
create characters to fill it, again keeping in mind the kind conflicts and double-dealing, but you must shift the focus
of chronicle you want to create. After the charactersarein of the chronicle to the characters' struggles to avoid the
place, you can write the chronicle in earnest, working out warring factions. Meanwhile, the characters pursue indi-
the events that move the overall story along and draw on _ vidual agendas. The important point is to make sure that

each character's goals and motivations. Each step builds :

upon the next, giving you more and more background to : 2

make each story enjoyable and easy to manage. If you have ey 2 Re

never run a roleplaying game before, don't be intimidated team:
-. as

by the big picture. Take it a step at a time-Do-it-for fun.
Let your imagination run wild.

Te Fes, Feser ic Guess

It starts with a couple of ideas. You read through
this book and some things jump out at you. Maybe it's
the concept of self-righteous humanists determined
to find anything resembling a soul among the abomi-
nations. Perhaps it's the anguish of a lone, newly
imbued person frightened and confused by her expe-
riences desperate'to find solacelin someone, anyans
who can understand her. Something catches your eye
and sparks your mind, and you think, "This could
make a cool chronicle." The question is, how do you
turn these nebulous ideas into a well-rounded foun-
dation for the stories you want to tell?

The first step is based on the players. Before you
can really develop the foundation of your chronicle,
you must have a strong grasp of what sorts of charac-
ters they want to play and how their concepts relate
to your ideas. Suppose you're considering a chronicle
set against an urban war between supernatural fac-
tions — and the characters' hunters are caught in the
middle. You might envision stories of intrigue, treach-
ery and the promises of power. But what if one
player has her heart set on playing a
world-traveling Martyr, and an-
other wants to be a shut-in
Innocent, neither of which is
compatible with your overall
concept? (

It's never a good
idea to force a charac-
ter concept on a
player. You want
players to feel like
they contribute to
the game and


A » Be pest gs Bees

your ideas and players' expectations are in synch before
you even begin to develop your chronicle. This way you
canadd players' ideas to your own and make your job much
easier in the long run.

Once everyone agrees on the general idea of the
chronicle, the players can create their characters and youcan
create the world in which they hunt. It's worthwhile to do
both things simultaneously because it allows your collective
ideas to play off each other. The synergy might also point you
in directions that you might not have considered otherwise.

Suppose, for example, that a player wants her character
to have been a police officer before being imbued. You
could take this idea and expand on it: The character had
aspirations of becoming a detective and busted her ass both
on the job and after hours to win promotions. However, it
was only after rising through the ranks that she discovered
the corruption undermining her precinct. Fellow detec-
tives were taking payola, doing favors and planting evidence
for someone outside the force. The character's imbuing
occurred when she came face to face with inhuman pawns
of that shadowplayer — and the woman realized the awful
truth about her peers and commanding officers. She turned
against them and quit the force, intent on her own personal
style of justice.

To add yet another level of conflict, you might decide
that the power at work behind the police has decided the
character can't be allowed to live — or at least must be
prevented from revealing what she's learned. That's when
the character discovers her younger sister missing, only to
find her in the possession of nightstalking horrors. The girl
has become one of them!

Having established these plot basics, you can encour-
age the player to further develop the local police
department and the character's new relationship with her
sister. The player provides details such as a history and
important personalities that you blend into your world.
This lets her flesh out her character, allows her to contrib-
ute to the game as a whole and gives you valuable resource
material for your chronicle. Get your players to go into a
lot of detail when creating their characters. Sit down with
them during the creation process, and brainstorm about
their origins, then make the most of the information they
come up with. Players can provide you with a whole host
of characters, situations and conflicts that will be of use
later in your game.

It's also important to take the characters' Backgrounds
into account and develop them in detail when establish-
ing the foundations of your game. Newly imbued hunters
still have very strong ties to their previous lives. Encour-
age the purchase of Allies, Contacts, Influence and the
like, then brainstorm with players to flesh them out.
Where do a character's Resources come from? Is she an
heiress? Did she win the lottery? Did she stumble onto a
drug deal gone sour and steal the bloodstained cash? What

CHAPYERS: THEY RUTH

effect do these circumstances have on who the character
is and her place in the chronicle?

Likewise, allies or contacts are more than just dots on a
character sheet — they are people with their own feelings
and emotions. Suppose a player wants her character to have
a mid-level contact in a hospital. Who is this contact, and
how did the character establish this relationship? The con-
tact might be the character's uncle, a doctor who has a habit
of asking pointed questions about the character's lifestyle
and frequent injuries.

Each Background gives an added dimension to charac-
ter concept and contains a wealth of ideas to inspire you.
How do the characters handle the sudden and irrevocable
separation from everything they have ever known or loved?
Do they fake their deaths or simply walk away from their
former lives? Do the characters leave loved ones who simply
cannot accept their disappearance, and who go to any
lengths to find the lost soul? Torn by love yet knowing what
might happen one night if monsters trail them home, can
the characters stay away from spouses or children?

These situations, some of the first dilemmas that char-
acters must face, can influence their actions in many subtle
ways. While itis always tempting to gloss over the particulars
ofeach character's imbuing and get on with "being a hunter,"
doing so leaves out a vital dimension in a character's struggle
to maintain her identity. Exploring characters' past lives
provides you with a fertile field from which to draw ideas and
supporting characters.

Tre Pretune

Combining the players' characters with your story and
setting ideas provides the basis for your game. Where you
take that game is up to your troupe, and several ideas and
storytelling techniques for running stories are provided later
in this chapter. However, before your chronicle can run, it
has to walk. The first step of all is the prelude.

The prelude is easily the most important event in your
characters' lives, and it's one of the most telling moments of
your chronicle. The prelude is the "short story" that precedes
your main narrative, the chronicle. It's typically a one-shot
or one-night game session in which you and the players
gather to explain how the characters transform from every-
day people with normal lives into haunted outsiders with
terrifying insight and bizarre powers.

The prelude is a roleplaying session about characters'
human lives, before the moment of their exposure to the
unknown. Players get a taste of who their characters are,
what their ordinary lives are like, and then events conspire
to change characters' lives forever. The once-unassuming
characters are imbued. They witness a monster firsthand,
discover that everything they've always believed in is false,
and are granted startling abilities with which to react. When
a person sees a walking abomination for herself and realizes
their pervasiveness, her world can never be the same again.

oy de weed Se et ee SE

TE ae ye ene fas


HUNTER: YHE RECKONING

That moment of awakening haunts her till her dying day,
which may be closer than she'd like to imagine.

The prelude is also fundamental to your games and
stories because it sets the tone for all events to follow. The
characters' reactions to the horror put before them indicate
their creeds. What missions they pursue against the enemy
are thus determined, whether to wipe monsters from the face
of the earth, help the deserving back from the brink, or
simply to understand how monsters can be and what they
mean for mankind.

Hunters start as regular folks. They don'thave ambitions
to heal the world. They aren't crusaders. They aren't cham-
pions of common people. They aren't do-gooders. They're a
little cynical, a little gullible, a little apathetic. They worry
about things that will never happen, while ignoring their real
problems. They're ordinary.

Regular people aren't prepared for an experience that
virtually cracks open their skulls and pours in a poisonous
dose of terrifying revelation. They have not fasted, medi-
tated or flagellated themselves in pursuit of mystic
knowledge. Instead, this awareness seizes them, forces
itself into their minds and overwhelms their "common
sense" understanding of reality.

Inasingle instant, a person's mindset turns from, "What's
the quickest way through this traffic?" to "Monsters are real!"

It's from this revelation that the drama of Hunter: The
Reckoning derives. This truth is the one that all hunters
must accept. This is the truth they suddenly know.

There's a word for such innate comprehension, such
revealed knowledge: gnosis. Many ancient religions are based
on gnosis. Worshippers meditate, take peyote or dance them-
selves to exhaustion in an effort to make themselves receptive
to supernatural knowledge. When that insight comes, it's not
in the form of polemic or a reasoned debate: They just know,
the way you know when your arm hurts or your back itches.
The revelation isn't a theory, hypothesis or possibility. It
cannot be communicated through words, pictures or ges
tures. When you have the experience, you know. Itis obviously
true, above question. If you don't have the revelation, you
can never really understand.

|
|

Schizophrenics describe similar experiences. So do
hunters.

In the World of Darkness, most people have understood
at one time or another — usually during childhood — that
monsters exist. Parents' instruction and society's imperatives
stifle those fears and thoughts, however. A conscious effort
is made to ignore the truth, perhaps in a subconscious effort
to remain sane. Instinct is suppressed.

For hunters at the moment of imbuing, that instinct is
freed and empowered. Truth changes: The myth of monsters
becomes reality, and the reality of society becomes myth. The
normal world is shown to be a veil of lies stretched thin across
a reality we once knew, always feared and always denied.

ty A life of safety isa dream. Hunters are rudely awakened.

es

Svonvrecune rhe Pretude

You haven't seen your brother in a few years — not since the
big fight that cut a rift through your family. You made attempts to
patch things up, but he never reciprocated. Usually, he just hung
up on you. That's why you're surprised to hear from him at now. F
It's late; you were asleep when the phone range. You recognize his
voice immediately: "Joe, I'm in trouble. Big trouble!"

Each player tindergoes the prelude alone or in a group
with the Storyteller. A one-on-one format helps concen-
trate the feeling that the prelude is very personal, that it's
the character's past and his alone. A group prelude creates
a sense of community as disparate people inevitably meet
under circumstances that none of them could ever have
imagined. Simply turn from player to player in rapid
succession to relay the events they experience and to learn
their reactions.

Group preludes are ideal if you want characters to be
aware of or know other hunters from the outset of the game.
The imbuing and all the knowledge that comes with it is
bewildering, shocking and disorienting. Characters who have
thus far lived mundane lives, and who suddenly witness the
supernatural, seek to come to grips with their experiences.
When other uninitiated people simply don't understand, the
fellow chosen become the imbued's only recourse. The group
prelude therefore establishes an ideal paradigm for such self-
understanding. Sooner or later, characters who witness a
nightstalker together turn to each other for comfort and
meaning. When they do, you know your game is truly ready
to get under way.

It's okay to take a heavy hand in controlling prelude
events. Give players plenty of decisions to make, and make
them rapid-fire — make players think quickly, so they act
instinctively in keeping with their characters. The point is,
you want players to identify with their human creations
before naiveté is ripped from the characters forever.

It's a November afternoon. It's already sliding into twilight.
Your brother said meet him in the park, but it's been half an hour
and he still hasn't shown up. You hear a dog bark somewhere in
the distance, and the sound makes you painfully aware that you're
all alone — there isn't another human being within sight. Except
one, maybe — a derelict, stumbling along the path toward you.
What do you do?

During the prelude, let the players explore the setting as
well as the rules. Have them try outa few rolls. Let them swap
afew Traits around if it becomes clear during roleplaying that
Traits don't accurately reflect character (although you
shouldn't allow such rearrangement if players just try to
create unstoppable superheroes). Explore characters' envi-
ronment in detail. Find out why they have the Backgrounds
they do— introduce allies as characters, or visit jobs (if any)
to reinforce how rent money is earned.

It may seem odd to play through perfectly mundane
scenes in the prelude, but these actually build a sense of
normalcy that is shattered when the supernatural takes the

——— sl


A 2 Ge past ge Gs

stage. Once you juxtapose the tedium of mortal life with
horrific exposure and subsequent rebirth as a hunter, the
dramatic tension of being imbued is exhilarating.

As you describe things, let players interrupt with ideas
and details concerning events as they occur. Remember,
you're telling this story together; the players are your part-
ners. You can also throw in details that provoke the players'
emotions — "Your girlfriend has tears in her eyes as she tells
you that she's pregnant." Once the character becomes a
hunter, he may no longer be there for her or their baby,
despite his best intentions. Hunter is a horror game at heart,
and the players must feel a profound sense of loss to truly
know what it's like to be condemned to a new, startling life.

You glance toward the shabby man as he staggers closer. You
don't even realize your brother has arrived until he lays a hand on
your shoulder. You almost leap out of your skin. He doesn't waste
time with "hellos": "Joe, you gotta help me. They're after me. I
was doing some work for some... people... and it kinda went
wrong. Now they've sent this thing after me." You're about to
calm him down when a broad shadow falls between you and the
park lamp. That's when you see it.

Finally, a character's imbuing should be roleplayed to
the hile — this moment, more than anything else, defines
how she is changed by existence as a hunter. Play up the
sensation of being watched. Build the tension of an unseen
predator stalking the unwitting character. Although the
players know what's coming, they shouldn't know exactly
how. Describe the attack in great detail so that it seems all
the more real and frightening. You want the players to
remember the imbuing for a long time.

Brmcmc Crarncrsns T ocr

Part of running a group prelude requires bringing char-
acters together for the extraordinary events that unfold.
There are numerous ways to do this, and you will undoubt-
edly choose the way that best suits your storytelling style, the
needs of your chronicle and the characters in question. Get
to know each player's character when he is created. Where
does he work? Where does he live? Does he frequent any
places — a business, gym, park, restaurant or bar? Learning
these details offers setting options for your prelude; you can
coordinate the imbuing to occur in a place a character tends
to go in normal life.

Look for a locale that could be common to all the
characters. Perhaps they all pass through the same inter-
section on their way to work. Or they ride the same train.
Or they frequent the same sandwich shop. If a common
locale isn't immediately forthcoming, you may want to
invent one on some characters' behalf — "You're halfway
home from work when you remember that you have to
pick up your dry cleaning."

Before the actual imbuing event can occur, address each
player in turn to explain how his character's day has gone. It
might have been rewarding or relaxing, perhaps the last
enjoyable one he'll have for the rest of his life, and one he'll

ERS:YHETRUTH

look back on fondly for some time. Or his day may have been
infuriating or frustrating, whether because of work or traffic
or an illness. That tension is only compounded when evil
incarnate emerges.

Dealing with each character in turn, but in a group
environment, combines the intimacy of the individual
prelude with the belonging of a community introduction.
Lead each character through the string of events that
conspires to bring him to the fateful spot where his life will
change forever. However, you don't have to draw a straight
line to the "scene of the crime." Players undoubtedly know
what's in store for their characters, but they don't know
when, where or how it will occur. Build tension by engi-
ome near misses and close encounters. Two
might share a cab, but they both get to their
destinations uneventfully. Late-nighters may stop at the
same grocery store for food or beer. Tease the players with
what you all know is coming.

neering
characte:

Once you've created sufficient tension and the players
have a solid feel for their characters through roleplaying, you
can finally expose them to a walking horror. They are all in
the same place at the same time when the Messengers act and
reveal a monster for all to s

Depending on how heavily you wish to contrive the
characters' coordination, the Messengers may impose their
will over the characters' fate. These beings are immeasur-
ably powerful forces at work in the universe. They bring
their will to bear on individual people who can become
weapons in a war against the supernatural on Earth. If you
wish to suggest that some unknowable force works on the
characters to control their fate, the chosen, no matter how
divergent, can find themselves together at the same place
and time by almost any unlikely means. A stockbroker's
engine might break down on the highway near a bad part of
town. He's forced to pull off and seek help. A homeless
person lives beneath the overpass. Meanwhile, a sports-star
makes a charitable appearance in the local community
center. The odds of these three people meeting are astro-
nomical, and yet they do, almost as if fate plays its hand.
The results only reinforce that the imbuing is an imperative
to do something about the supernatural, and to resist it

would defy the powers that be.
Prioet Yesus A Priot

There are several different ways to approach the
prelude and imbuing as Storyteller. Players may be en-
couraged to create characters as is traditional in roleplaying
games: Everything from previous life to current existence
is defined through Traits purchased and ratings bought. In
Hunter, that means letting players decide their Attribute
scores, Ability ratings and Background points — the
elements that chart characters' lives before the imbuing.
However, this approach also means letting players decide
their characters' creeds, Virtue ratings and edges — the
mysterious aspects of their lives that follow the imbuing

— eee ee wee et ee EE

2 nw Eee ee es fa


IERECKONING

— all before the game begins. The result is a complete
Hunter character, already designed at the outset of the
first game session.

With this take on character creation, in which players
have complete foreknowledge of what changes befall their
characters, the prelude is simply about narrative events
that let players shift from depicting normal people to
righteous champions. Players know what kinds of hunters
they want to play. They simply stage reactions to the
monsters revealed according to creed, and the hunters and
the chronicle are born.

There's nothing wrong with this conventional approach
to character creation and the prelude. Players know who
their characters are in advance and can roleplay them
honestly and accurately. You also know what kinds of
hunters they are and can adapt your chronicle to suit their
identities and self-chosen missions in the war.

However, there's another way to tackle the prelude
that involves more mystery, horror and suspense, and that
is perhaps more in keeping with the events that occur to
characters themselves. Rather than have players create
hunter characters whole, make them create simply nor-
mal people. Such characters have Attributes, Abilities
and Backgrounds, but players don't choose any creeds,
Virtues or edges. The players focus on who their human
characters have been all their lives and leave character
creation at that.

The moment of revelation, when those
humans are exposed to monsters and
true reality, changes their
lives forever. Play-

ers know what's coming in general. They're playing Hunter
after all, so they know some confrontation with the super-
natural is imminent. However, players don't know how or
where it will happen, what the circumstances will be, or
what creature will be faced. Having created only human
characters, players are therefore forced to roleplay human
responses to the monstrosities presented before them.

Confronted suddenly by the walking dead, most people
collapse, flee or carry on in a desperate, subconscious effort
toremain sane. Would-be imbued aren't so lucky. They have
the will, courage, fortitude, compassion or curiosity to see
the supernatural for what it is, and react according to their
innermost identity. The angry or furious might attack out-
right, the naive might wonder if the creature is in pain, the
inquisitive might wonder what that thing could be.

In a prelude of strictly human characters, each
character's reaction to the scene is based on how he or she
is roleplayed. Ideally, the players know their characters
well enough and can improvise appropriate responses to
the abomination. Their actions indicate the creeds to
which each character may belong. Un-
hesitating attackers might be
Avengers. Those who intervene
between the creature and the
defenseless might be Defenders
or Martyrs. Imbued who seek


A 2 We pat gs Gs

help or innovative solutions to avert harm could be
Visionaries. Characters might also gain edges congruent
with the creeds they fulfill.

The result of the "impromptu" prelude is that you
establish the premise for the characters' proximity to and
confrontation with the unknown. The players take it from
there. Their choices determine who and what their charac-
ters become thereafter.

Pretude Serving

Whether your Hunter prelude involves one character
or the entire group, wholly created characters or hapless
humans who become something more, you must decide
where the event takes place. Setting can be vital to deter-
mining how imbuing events unfold. If the characters all
happen to be together in an open space, prelude events can
go almost any way. Imagine characters scattered through-
outa carnival when one of the circus freaks is revealed as a
little more freakish than the rest. In such a large, open
space, characters have a variety of options for actions.
Human characters played realistically are probably more
likely to run from a beast than they are to confront or
address it.

Remember, however, that the imbuing imparts a par-
ticular imperative that is hard to resist, regardless of setting.
‘The imbued feel a powerful sense of urgency imposed by the
Messengers (or the characters' own innate sense of responsi-
bility) when faced with the supernatural. This imperative
demands action. In the brief instant of a creature's appear-
ance, each character knows he must respond, whetherbecause
"God tells me to," "It's the right thing to do," Someone has
to do something," or "I was born for this moment." Charac-
ters mightalso sense affirming assurance that getting involved
is the best of all choices. To act might conjure sentiments
comparable to those of great past achievements, such as
confidence like that at graduation, contentment like that of

v
marriage or victory like that of winning a race. Thus, even
though running in fear might seem the most reasonable
course of action, and the setting of the event may allow it,
: some compulsion probably keeps the characters there and
motivates them to respond (and maybe running in fear has its

own application if the player provides rationale and insight
into his character's intentions).

The contrast to the wide-open prelude setting is the
contained one. Imagine a red-eye plane flight that experi-
ences delays before landing. As the horizon grows warm with
the rising sun, one of the passengers goes berserk, exhibiting
feral features and an absolutely insane demand for shelter.
All of the characters are aboard that flight for one reason or
another. Now they face a raving madman with the apparent
strength of 10 people. In that confined space, no one has any
option but to respond to the creature, no matter their

personal motives. Ifthis maniac isn't controlled, people will
be killed and the crew may lose control. In this case, a closed
prelude setting assures that characters take action and fulAill
| their imbued destinies.

TE ne ee GE fas

Assiownc Crexds
The creeds are each indicated with the following
kinds of actions. Now, an Avenger doesn't always have
to attack, attack, attack; a Defender might do the same
under the right circumstances. Ultimately, assigning
creeds to otherwise normal human characters involves
Storytellerand playeragreement. These are simply guide-
lines.

An Avenger typically takes direct action against a
revealed monster, and does so more out of vengeance,
personal satisfaction, rage or aneed to righta wrong than
for the protection of anyone in immediate danger.

A Defender takes aggressive action because of a
desire to save someone who is in immediate danger.
There can be a fine line between an Avenger and
Defender. Create prelude events that allow for protect-
ing and attacking and see which characters take. Or
simply ask players why their characters behave as they do
to distinguish between Avengers and Defenders.

A Judge mightnottake immediate action himself, but
doestry todirect othersin theirown responses. Commands
are not likely to be as imaginative (as those of a Visionary
might be) as they are direct. A Judge is still a Zealot who
strives tosee monsters put down, but usually on aneed-to-
kill basis; a creature that demonstrates a capacity for good
could be spared if others can help save it. Judges try to
weigh the greatest possible good in any situation.

An Innocent preaches understanding of others, even
monsters, and does not abide an abomination's destruc-
tion unless it displays wanton evil. An Innocent is fully
prepared to speak toa creature and strive to understand
itsfeelingsand motivations. The thoughtof beinghurt or
killed typically doesn't occur or matter to these hunters,

‘A Martyr gives himself to the cause for its own sake.
Hedoesn'tnecessarily protectanyoneasaDefenderdoes,
and may not have any fierce passion against a creature as
an Avenger might. A Martyr could divert a monster's
attention to himself or sacrifice something he holds dear
to stop it from accomplishing a goal. Whereas a Judge
seeks to find the greatest good in a situation, the Martyr
strives to make it happen, even at his own expense.

A Redeemer is willing to communicate with a mon-
ster as an Innocent is. However, a Redeemer seeks to
know what the creature's intentions are as a reflection of
its spirit. He is prepared to allow the beast a chance to
reconsider its actions, and to strike against it if the thing
displays no remorse or concern. A Redeemer might say a
prayer for the soul of a damned monster, or might find
excuses for a deserving monster's behavior.

A Visionary usually studies every situation, questions
assumed truths and looks for creative ways around prob-
Jems. These hunters are even known to respond aloud to
Herald messages in hopes of gaining more information
from the beings, but usually tonoavail. Tothem, the voice
ofthe Messengersis often a disembodied other. Visionaries
hope to understand monsters at their core in hopes of
resolving the creatures' differences with humanity.

CHAPTERS: THE YRUY


The type of setting you choose is simply a matter of how
hard you want to drive the point home to players: You must

do something! Everything else follows naturally from there
If characters have qualms about getting involved in

events with monsters, which is perfectly reasonable given the

circumstances, you always have the opportunity of introduc-

ne

suddenly and dangerously exposed to certain mortal onlook-

ing the human factor: defenseless human, that is. Monsters
lurk everywhere among humanity — in parks, subway tun-
is, office buildings, even family homes. When they are

ers, those creatures will do whatever they must to restore
their anonymity or more likely to escape. If that means
| harming ordinary people asa distraction, or simply as a result
| of rage or fear, so be it. Protecting the helpless is often
motivation for people to act, performing deeds that even
they wonder at afterward.
When characters are imbued they are typically the
only ones made aware of the supernatural at their locale.
liv
the defenseless run, it's from the imbued who, for all intents
and purposes, "go mad" against unseen forces or obje
i Uninitiated people typically flee these insane riots. And if

Regular people carry on oblivious, as they have all their
Thus, it's not really the revealed monsters from whom

onlookers actually see anything, they usually rationalize it
for their own unconscious protection or misunderstand
exactly what happened.

The masses are therefore props to use as you will in a
prelude. They can be victims who motivate the imbued to
respond, or they can be obstructions that make imbued or
monster efforts more difficult. In some cases, they're even
hapless individuals whom hunters, particularly Defenders
and the Merciful, seek to protect.

|

When deciding the setting of your prelude, consider the
role of the oblivious masses. They can be your best tools for
inspiring actions, creating turmoil, and providing a litmus
test for the creeds to which hunters may belong.

Monsrsns Evenvwriene

There are all kinds of inhuman, unliving monsters in
the World of Darkness. What kind should the characters
perceive or be exposed to at the imbuing? The Heralds, as
cosmological forces, tend to engineer the situations in
which hunters are born. They don't want their foot sol-
diers to be destroyed before they've even begun to fight.
The Messengers therefore tend to construct events to
reveal individual, weak, injured, cowardly, inexperienced
or stupid creatures at the moment of imbuing — monsters
that empowered humans have a chance of defeating or
driving off.

The walking dead, particularly the mindless, are the
most commonly encountered creatures. Many hunters re-
port being awoken to the real world by the sight of a
shambling corpse — something that is clearly wrong, an
offense to the living. Ghosts and hideous vampires are also

a Nees Canes, a,

good prelude choices; they can't be alive and certainly can't
be normal. Avoid initiating hunters with beings that could
be mistaken for people. A sorcerer or a shapechanger in
human form isn't a good choice; there's nothing ostensibly
unusual about those beings until they themselves prove
otherwise. Also avoid spirits that possess people unless you
take pains to depict how heinous a spirit is, as in the sample
story earlier in this chapter. Characters already have enough
to contend with given their freakish powers and the sights
before them. Trying to spare a human host to get at its
possessor may be too much.

After the walking dead, spirits and vampires are fre-
quent encounters. Warlocks, shapechangers and goblins
are only rarely encountered at imbuings (unless you really
want to use them), because they're often too enigmatic to

understand as a possible enemy, and they can be extremely
powerful; too much for a handful of baffled people to
contend with, anyway.

Stick to a single creature in your prelude, unless you
want to introduce more for dramatic or narrative effect.
Perhaps a group of zombies, intent on a mission for its master,
isn't interested in the characters, so its members don't put up
much of a fight. Maybe two or more vampires fight amongst
themselves and would rather flee intruding humans than
continue their battle. Perhaps a potential Judge must choose
with whom to side in the battle, ifanyone. Ultimately, three
monsters is the most you should use in your prelude. Any
more and even imbued characters are likely to flee rather
than do something about the situation.

Characters' sudden awareness of monsters at the im-
buing is more a matter of otherworldy intervention than
it is the application of any Conviction points. Second
sight and the defenses that come with it are available to
chosen characters thanks to the grace of the Messengers.
No Conviction points need be spent for second sight in
the prelude. The insight is more a narrative tool than a
game mechanic.

This sort-of "divine intervention" quickly becomes
apparent if the imbued aren't the only ones to notice things
are amiss. The monster on the scene can also be aware that
it has become apparent to certain humans. It might catch
the disbelieving stares of the chosen. It might sense the
chill influence of the Messengers. Or the creature's own
powers of illusion or deception may simply fail, leaving it
exposed for all to see (but only a handful to recognize).

How the creature responds to such exposure depends on
its nature or needs. It may try to flee further contact with
humans. It may try to kill everyone in the area to cover its
tracks. It may do nothing, hoping to lose itself in the ano-
nymity of an unsuspecting crowd. Certainly the characters'
response determines the success of the monster's efforts. If
nothing else, the creature senses that something has changed
about the secretive world it inhabits and controls. The
masses are waking up and taking notice!

en ay gees: ete SE


Hexato Comracr

The nature and purpose-of the Heralds is detailed
elsewhere in this chapter. Right now, you need to know
how these forces contact a newly imbued character and
what kinds of messages they relate in the prelude. The
Heralds seek to create warriors to fight back against the
supernatural menace that plagues the world and humanity.
They look for people with the spirit, will, resolve, con-
science and responsibility to face monsters' existence and
try to do something about it, whether to fight back, save
the creatures' souls or break the things' tyrannical grip.

Hunters are therefore tools of higher powers, but are not
necessarily handled with care. The Messengers don't coddle
their creations. They lead them to the enemy and pull the
wool from their eyes. Whether humans thus exposed can
truly handle the experience is up to themalone. The Heralds
simply build the fire that forges the tools they need.

Herald messages at the imbuing tend to be blunt,
shocking, disorienting and cryptic. If the chosen can't
handle the impact or deduce what's required thereafter,
that person isn't hunter stock (and may become a by-
stander). The most common form of contact is a telepathic
message heard in a character's mind. The message can be
prophetic, "DEATH RIDES A PALE HORS
ary, "BEWARE THE DARK PLAC) instructional,
"RAISE THE HAND OF JUSTICE"; informative, "IT
DOES NOT LIVE"; motivational, "PARDON IT OF ITS
SINS"; or reassuring, "IT CANNOT BEAR ITS OWN
EXISTENCE." This phrase can seem audible, even though
there might be no one around to have uttered it. It might
be heard over a radio or television, interrupting regular
programming, and with no indication that the statement

; caution-

tually part of the current show. Or the message can
be heard strictly within the character's mind. Perhaps it's
in his own voice, like an odd wayward thought. Maybe the
statement is delivered with a distinctly foreign voice,
potentially the "voice of God."

The kind of message you use is based on the character
in question, and the situation. Characters may need a
narrative hammer blow to justify attacking or confronting
aterrifying monster. The voice of seemingly divine author-
ity instructing a character on what to do may be required
for him to take action. Other characters may simply need
a gentle nudge — "IT IS IN PAIN" — assurance that
dealing with the creature is the right thing to do. The
situation of the imbuing might also encourage characters
to respond to a monster, and they simply need affirmation
to do so. Take the sample character Brenda in Chapter 4.
She doesn't need to be told to confront the monster
endangering her daughter, but the Messengers' instruction
motivates Brenda to take decisive action. Characters with-
out existing reason to involve themselves with a creature
| might need a stronger push from the Heralds. A disaffected

was

youth who would normally avoid danger might recognize a

A 2 We pest gs Bes

CHAPTERS: THEY RUT

kindred spirit in a creature when the message "YOU ARE
BOTH OUTSIDERS" is delivered.

If players have created their characters whole —
including creeds, Virtues and edges — before the game
begins, use Herald messages as reinforcement for charac-
ters' primary Virtues and creeds. Hunters' primary Virtues
are their long-term goals in the hunt, whether to destroy
the enemy and claim a world for humanity, to pardon
those who still'retain souls, or to understand monsters in
order to free people of hidden influence. Hunters' creeds
are the approaches that they take to fulfilling the goals of
their primary Virtues. A Judge seeks to put down evil by
always striving toward the greatest good. A Martyr offers
himself to save others — even the enemy — if it makes for
a better world.

Players should know these goals and their characters'
approaches to them from creating well-developed hunters.
However, messages from the Heralds can reinforce these
points to make sure characters stay on track, not only in the
imbuing but for the chronicle that follows. The proclama-
tion "AVENGE THE VICTIMS OF EVIL" is pretty clear
about the Messengers' intent for an Avenger. A despairing
sense of personal loss and anguish helps a Redeemer under-
stand that the thing before her may not have chosen its fate.
Such reminders can be as gentle or blatantas you like (and
as you think players and characters need).

If players have created characters who are strictly hu-
man — the imbuing will decide their primary Virtues and
creeds — base any messages on the characters' human
identities. A woman who's devoted her life to helping others
isa likely candidate for the Mercy Virtue, and you can create
astatement that befits her likely response to a monster, say,
"RELIEVE ITS SUFFERING." A proud youth who chafes at
authority might lean toward Zeal, even before being chosen,
and you can create a message that suits his identity: "IT
DENIES YOU FREEDOM."

Try not to pigeonhole characters into Virtues or creeds
with the messages you use. Creeds are typically assigned to
characters based on their reactions to the supernatural at the
moment of the imbuing. An attacker is likely to become an
Avenger, Defender or Judge, for example. Don't make play-
ers feel like their characters have to acta certain way because
of the content of your messages. The potential Merciful,
above, for example, might have had a traumatic week.
Anger and rage has built up inside her and reaches the
boiling point. When confronted by the walking dead, she
lashes out, perhaps for the first time in her life. Suddenly, she
may no longer be a contender for Mercy. Use the Heralds'
words to guide players and characters to responds you think
they'll need it most, but ultimately let players decide how
their characters react to the imbuing.

Audible or mental messages aren't the only means by
which the Heralds make their desires or warnings known.
There are all kinds of ways to make their statements and
inspire characters to action. Playing on any of the senses is

— eee eee wee ee, ee, ee ee

1 nn pee ee oe fas

4 = ee

|
|
|
|

valid. Characters might be overcome with a nauseating
smell of rot just moments before a zombie's presence is
revealed. A piercing, shrill sound might cut through char-
acters and make them hostile at the momenta bloodsucker
appears. A sudden gut-wrenching sensation might wash
over characters in the presence of a ghost to signify the
creature's inherent wrongness. Characters may simply feel
that the world is closing in. Time might slow to a snail's
pace and events appear to occur in slow motion. Light
might diminish to a dull, red glow, inspiring ominous
dread. The letters of a newspaper, advertisement, billboard
or street sign could rearrange momentarily, offering inspi-
ration or direction. A line such as "Attendance at the game
was..." could become "NOT ALL SINS ARE WANTON."
"Silly rabbit, tricks are for kids" could change to "IT IS A
DEVOURER OF CHILDREN." Perhaps characters have
precognitive visions of imminent events, or they enter
dream-states in which sickening transgressions occur, and
then the characters snap back to their current time and
place. You can use almost any sense or sensation to convey
the Heralds' message to potential hunters. As with "verbal"
messages, just decide in advance how aggressive and in-
structional such contact needs to be to make characters
react to the creatures they witness.

The specific content of Heralds' messages is completely
your decision. You can have characters hear any phrase or
experience any kind of feeling. The key is to relay as much
or as little as you believe players and characters need to
understand that something extraordinary is happening. The
Messengers typically keep their contact to only a few words,
which are usually somewhat cryptic. While they may leave
chosen baffled or bewildered by contact, the Heralds use
exposure to abominations as the punctuation to their mes-
sages. A strange, echoing statement such as, "EVIL WALKS
AMONG YOU," may startle and confuse characters. How-
ever, the same message followed immediately by the intrusion
of a raging cadaver makes an unquestionable point.

Contact with the Messengers can have various ef-
fects on characters, whether at the imbuing or later in
their hunter existence. Otherwordly forces intruding on
a person's life, mind and psyche is rarely a gentle experi-
ence. Contact can cause memory gaps, nausea, fugues,
exhaustion and even temporary blindness or deafness. It
can also invigorate characters with a singular sense of
purpose, righteousness and confidence. Whereas grap-
pling with a creature of the night might be unthinkable to
acharacter before the imbuing, doing so afterward might
seem the first truly right thing the character has ever done.
He senses unquestionable justification, even as he risks
his life and inflicts harm to another creature. A character
who offers a hand of aid to a loathsome beast finds
unsurpassing joy in the act, as if doing so is the greatest
virtue she could ever exhibit.

Many hunters express a profound sense of reward and
accomplishment in their pursuit of the cause. Staging the

p 4

a=

hunt gets compared to the greatest accomplishments and
joys in hunters' lives: getting a driver's license, graduating
from high school or college, getting married, having a
child, attaining a lifelong goal. For many hunters, experi-
encing this satisfaction makes the hunt worthwhile, despite
all the pain, isolation and death that comes with it. Some
hunters even consider this "high" a goal in itself. Express
this reward to players or reluctant characters. If a woman is
unlikely to confront a monstrosity at her imbuing, explain
how refusing to act feels like a crime, perhaps even the
greatest failing of the character's life. Meanwhile, doing
something seems like the greatest possible feat she could
accomplish. This kind of epiphany may be all a player
needs to feel he roleplays realistically, when his character
defies everything she ever held dear and goes face to face
with a walking horror.

On the other hand, disturbing sensations that coincide
with Messenger contact can be used to suggest a character
has strayed from his intended purpose. Perhaps an Avenger
has begun to lose vigor for the hunt and has spared the enemy
out of depression, uncertainty ot apathy. Subsequent con-
tact with the Messengers suggests punishment or reprimand
through disorientation, stunned senses or physical illness.
Such narrative tools are useful when you perceive characters
to be straying from the tenets of their creeds and primary
Virtues, the values that they once upheld and for which they
were chosen.

The volume of Messenger communication at charac-
ters' imbuing is
receive a warning or vision, all the characters could have

at your discretion. Each character could

one as a whole, or small groups of characters could experi-

ence their own contact. The choice is yours based on the
similarities of characters' motivations, and the events that
take place. If two human characters are in a fight of their
own in the prelude, one message could be used to turn their
combined attention to the real enemy. A single message to
all characters, perhaps over a rail-station loudspeaker,
might be sufficient to inspire the whole group and change

their lives thereafter.

Individual forms of contact for each character probably
provide the most dramatic and rewarding approach. Players
feel their characters are unique when communicated with
specifically by the unfathomable Heralds. Individual con-
tact also allows you to tailor a message to each character in
turn, pulling his strings and helping to define his identity.
Individual communication also gives each character (and
player) a sense of personal involvement in the hunt; she is
not just a number amid the legion.

The frequency of Messenger contact during the pre-
lude is also at your discretion. Many hunters claim to have
more contact with the Heralds during their imbuing than
at any time thereafter. You can use this intensity of com-
munication to make any points to characters and players
that you feel are necessary to forward your narrative. Some
characters may leap into the hunt headfirst. Others may

—

|
{

need coaxing, and if other means of doing so are ineffec-
tive, direct Messenger intervention can be the hammer
you need.

Imagine a character attacked by the "living" body of
his dead brother. Roleplayed realistically, the character
probably cannot bring himself to fight back against his
brother, despite the circumstances. However, if the char-
acter needs to be able to defend himself, and the pla
needs justification for striking back, you can step in with
the Messengers. A simple statement such as, "IT IS ONLY
HIS SHELL," may be enough to make fighting back a
plausible option.

Using the Heralds as a narrative hammer is rather
heavy-handed in storytelling. Search for ways to motivate
characters toward plot destinations through characteriza-
tion, fear, previously unknown confidence or the need to
understand before you resort to the deus ex machina. Players
hate to have their characters led around by the nose.
However, if you use repeated Messenger intervention in
terms that motivate characters according to their own
identities, as in the example above, then you strike a balance
between narrative guidance and character development.

burintEDees

If all hunter Traits are chosen at character creation,
players know what their edges are before the game begins. If
players create strictly human characters, they don't know
what edges to expect. Realistically, in the context of the
imbuing, the chosen don't make any conscious decisions
about what kinds of powers they use against a monster. Such
people have only just awoken to the truth of reality; they
certainly are not fully aware of the powers at their disposal.

CHAPTERS: THE TRUTH


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Svavine Cuangcrse Mor ivartons
An effective tool to reinforce players' chosen
creeds, or to help decide creeds when players have not
chosen them, is to ask players to voice character
motivations at the imbuing. Rather than allow each
player to quietly know what inspires his character,
make him explain what compels every action. Thus, if
a potential Visionary confronts a zombie to under-
stand it — "What are you? Where did you come from?"
— require that the player explain the characters'
reasons aloud, for all to hear. Perhaps the character
was once in the military and was always told what to
do without knowing the reasons. When orders insisted
that he kill without apparent justification, he vowed
never again to lash out without proof of wrongdoing.
Voicing motivations at the imbuing helps players
develop their characters. The "Virtue" and "creed"
entries on their character sheets suddenly mean much
more when explained in terms of character origins.

The exercise also helps choose creeds for charac-
ters who have thus far been only human. Why does a
character usher vulnerable people out an exit, away
from a monster? Why does a character stand face to
e with a beast and insist that it explain itself? Why
does a character search for guilt or fear beneath a
nightstalker's fierce demeanor? Players' answers to
these questions help you choose potential creeds and
empower characters at the imbuing. Even if a charac-
ter flees the scene rather than confront a monster,
creed can still be chosen if the character's motivations
are rationalized and explained. Running away to get
the police or a weapon that's elsewhere is still doing
something. Running away because the character feels
he must live for other reasons — to provide for a
family, for example — doesn't necessarily deny him a
creed.

The rule of thumb is: Characters' reasons for
actions should usually derive directly from who they
have been all their mundane lives. Don't let players
act out of character simply to get the creeds that they
want. A person who's been defined as meek shouldn't
suddenly become a holy terror. A person who's always
strived toward objectivity shouldn't suddenly become
opinionated. Make sure characters' human identities,
actions at the imbuing and assigned creeds all coin-
cide.

The exception may be for characters who un-
dergo a radical life-change because of the imbuing.
The meek person, above, may find that the imbuing
suddenly invigorates him with the energy and confi-
dence that he's always lacked. He will no longer allow
himself to be mild-mannered. He will assert his will
and personality, and now he has the power to do it.
Such radical shifts of identity are fine as long as they're
explained aloud for the group and Storyteller, and
creed should be chosen or assigned appropriately.

2.n SE uy See: te

Once characters' creeds are established, you're advised
to choose an initial edge for each character for the imbuing.
If characters have been pregenerated, just pick one of the
edges from each sheet. That's the power the character mani-
fests at the imbuing. For strictly human characters, it's safest
to assign the level-one edge of a character's apparent creed
path. If a character assaults a creature directly, he might be
an Avenger and you can assign him the one-dot Vengeance
power Cleave for the scene. If a character approaches the
monster without fear and unabashedly asks if it knows it is
terrifying, that character might be an Innocent and can be
assigned the level-one Innocence edge.

The secret to assigning edges for use in the prelude is to
make sure that every character has something unique to
bring to bear against the supernatural. Each hunter should
be able to perform an incredible feat that clearly indicates
he has changed or been empowered. A would-be Judge can
recognize amazing details about the monster before him,
and the scene in general. A Redeemer can bring a creature
to a halt with a command! An Avenger's wrath is vented
through crushing blows he never thought himself capable
of delivering.

If two characters appear to be of the same creed, assign
them different level-one edges if you want their first acts as
hunters to be inspirational. If two characters are Judges, let
only one have the first Judgment power. The other character's
edge can be chosen from those listed on his sheet. Or, in the
case of "human" characters, he can be assigned another level-
one power, probably from another path of the same primary
Virtue. In the case of two Judges, choose an edge for the
second from either of the Avenger or Defenders paths. If

other characters in the group already possess those powers,
choose one from a path belonging to another Virtue. The
second Judge might have a level-one power from Redeemer,
Martyr or Innocent, or from Visionary.

Ifa starting edge assigned toa character does not belong
to his primary path, make sure it still suits his identity. If the
Judge, above, is cool and calculating, his starting edge prob-
ably comes from the Defender, Redeemer or Visionary paths,
rather than from those of Avenger, Martyr or Innocent.

Assigning an initial edge from outside a character's
primary path also imposes some requirements on further
Virtue and edge choices. A Judge with the level-one Vision-
ary power now needs to possess a point of the Vision Virtue.
The player's choices for assigning his three Virtue points are
therefore limited. So ifa starting edge is assigned to a human
character for the prelude, make sure it appeals to the player.
Otherwise, you force his character in directions he may not
want to go.

Assigning edges from other paths of the same primary
Virtue even poses this problem. Giving a Judge character the
level-one Defense edge now limits what other powers the
player can choose. He has to have the one-dot Judgment
edge, so has only one point left with which to purchase
another power, if any.


Perhaps the best thing to do when determining charac-
ters' creeds and any starting edges during play is to take each
player aside. Explain what creed you believe the character
is, and explain what edge you want to assign him at the
imbuing. If the player agrees and believes the choice is in
keeping with his character, you may proceed. If the player
doesn't want to go in that direction, you can discuss other
creeds or edges.

Mantresrimc E0ces

The way in which ac cter's initial edge manifests in
the prelude depends on your narrative needs. Do the charac-
ters need a hard push to act against the monster, or do they
need only gentle guidance?

Characters who need inspiration to act against the
unknown may manifest their abilities in overt ways that
clearly empower them. An Avenger may suddenly hold a
fiery brand that doesn't hurt his hand. Clearly, it's a
weapon that he can bring to bear. An Innocent may stand
immediately before a creature, but the thing looks past
him as if he weren't there — or he were invisible! Al-
though these apparent abilities would normally be shocking
(and might frighten a character more than does the beast
before him), edges manifest with an inherent rightness, as
if characters are meant to have them and can do no wrong.
The characters have never exhibited these capabilities
before, but they intuitively understand what to do with
them. How a character interprets that sensation is based
on his own beliefs or origins. "God intervenes," "My
potent will makes me capable of extraordinary feats," or
"Exposure to this creature conjures up powers that all
people have, they simply don't know it." The form of the
character's reassurance ultimately doesn't matter. He sim-
ply possesses an amazing capability and becomes aware of
it in the presence of the supernatural.

Characters who would truly be frightened by their own
powers, or those who don't need overt displays to act, can
manifest their edges subtly. Powers aren't showy or pro-
vocative. They're understated, perhaps even imperceptible,
yet they have full effect. Cleave, for example, might be
activated and used in the act of swinging a board. The
attack is extremely potent, probably surprisingly so to the
character, but not "magical." Likewise, Bluster could be
used to stop a monster in its tracks. The Redeemer may be
surprised by the results, but no overt display occurs. Hunt-
ers who wield subtle edges are aware that they can do some
strange things, but they do not wield "superpowers." Their
true understanding of these capabilities comes with time
and pursuit of the hunt.

Another narrative tool you can use in the prelude to
introduce edges is the denouement. In the course of the
prelude, the characters are confronted by a monstrous crea-
ture. They act, exhibiting their edges and dealing with the
thing. No questions are asked. Using edges simply comes
naturally, as if they're tools the characters have worked with

aioe :

A » Ve pet gs Os

all their lives. Only after the finalé do characters realize the
enormity of what has happened — that they have manifested
incredible abilities. "How was that possible? Where did those
powers come from? What have I become?" All these ques-
tions are answered in the days and weeks that follow the
imbuing, as characters come to terms with the new world
into which they're thrust.

Players don't announce that powers are activated during
the prelude. Rather, the Messengers turn edges on for char-
acters. Players can make rolls to use their edges — and can
even invest Conviction points into rolls to capture the
drama in game terms — but responsibility for calling up
bizarre powers lies more with the story you tell than it does
with initiative rolls and combat turns.

Bysraniars
Confronted with the spectacle of people runningaround,
attacking something and creating a disturbance — not to

mention the presence ofa supernatural being — most normal
humans flee the scene of an imbuing. Those who can't or do
not escape fall unconscious, gibber and drool, or simply fail
to recognize that anything is going on. And even if they do
witness anything, they fail to remember it afterward.

Obviously, hunters are not these people. They are cho-
sen and even directed to be in the right place at the right
time, and made to see the supernatural for what it is. Ones
who do something about it are imbued.

There is another breed of person created or changed by
hunters' imbuing, however. These people are potential hunter
candidates. They're also coincidentally at the right (or
wrong) place at the right time, courtesy of the Messengers.
Yet thanks to some failing in their spirit, courage, identity or
will, they do not respond to the unknown. Rather than
answer the question of the monster's existence, these people
simply watch and witness everything that occurs. They see
the creature. They see the hunters and all their edges at work.
They remember everything they see and hear. They just
don't do anything.

The result is what is known in burgeoning hunter circles
as a bystander: A person with no edges, but who is exposed
to the truth of the World of Darkness at other people's
imbuing. A bystander doesn't have any second sight or
protection against monsters' mind- and body-control powers
(gained through Conviction). However, he has the full,
torturous, gruesome knowledge that monsters exist. And the
most frightening part of all: After a bystander's failed imbu-
ing, he can't see or sense monsters again unless he actively
goes in search of them. They could be anywhere, posing as
anyone — and unless a creature willingly or unwittingly
reveals itself, a bystander never knows what those creatures
are or what he's up against.

Bystanders are rare, even more so than hunters them-
selves; most potential chosen have the presence to earn their
powers. Bystanders aren't born at every imbuing, but they
exist. A character may have the Bystander Background

ssid al
po

CHAPTERS: THE VRUTH

gy RD ES re Se et SS es EE oy,


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Trait, which indicates how many "failed hunters" he knows.
These people may be created at his imbuing, or he may come
in contact with them in the course of the hunt.

For the most part, bystanders are hunters' allies.
They, of all people, can sympathize with hunters, because
both groups share the same awareness. If they feel the
need to get involved in the hunt after the fact, bystanders
can provide aid, resources, weapons and information to
hunters. However, few are willing to risk their lives unless
remorse or depression inspired by their awakening drives
them to do so.

Even if no character in your group has the Bystander
Trait, you can involve some of these people in the charac-
ters' imbuing to introduce sympathetic (or antagonistic)
characters of your own. Bystanders are intended as Story-
teller rather than players' characters.

‘The Monten' s Fave

The Messengers create a meeting of imbued people and
a monster, the result of which is a confrontation of some
kind. That can be a fight, an interrogation or an effort at
reconciling the creature back into the human fold. The
events of the meeting depend on the callings of the charac-
tersand the danger posed by the creature. Monsters typically
revealed are low-powered, inexperienced with their new
states, wounded and vulnerable, or simply nonsentient —all
the easier for hunters to contend with them.

So what becomes of the monster encountered in a
prelude really depends on how the characters receive it,
and whether it provokes or can negotiate with them. The
point is, don't assume an imbuing automatically results in
a fight. Caregivers and the inquisitive might have other
more pressing issues than inflicting harm, and your crea-
ture should have the capacity to receive these overtures
to create roleplaying opportunities. Sure, a staggering
corpse is dead, and perhaps on a vile mission of its own,
but it remembers life and doesn't necessarily want to kill
everyone. A vampire may have been changed recently and
still wrestles with its morality — while starving for human
blood. A ghost may simply wish to be laid to rest, but
vents its frustrations as a poltergeist. Characters may even
help a creature at their imbuing, perhaps gaining an ally
against the many other, less congenial creatures that they
will encounter.

Be prepared for a variety of contingencies at the char-
acters' imbuing. Create a short story through which the
hunters may go if they choose to work with, rather than
against, the monster. And if the characters do fight the
monster, is the battle told narratively by you with player
contributions, or is a traditional combat scene rolled for
using the rules? Does the monster fight to the "death" or will
it be driven off before then? Is the creature a thinking being
with its own agenda, or a mindless entity (and in either case,
is killing meddling humans a priority)? Would the monster
prefer to disappear rather than fight?

Crancrns Ceczns a0 Ebcrs

A player may discover after roleplaying her
character in the prelude that the creed or edges
chosen during character creation don't fit the direc-
tion in which her character now heads. You must
decide if characters can change creeds and edges
after the imbuing. If you think about it, the chosen
don'task to be imbued. They make no requests to see
the true World of Darkness. Yet they're exposed to it
anyway, and powers are thrust upon them by un-
known forces. Perhaps players cannot change creeds
or edges once they've been chosen; that's what the
Messengers have bestowed.

Alternatively, you can let creeds and edges be
changedas longas the chronicle proper has not gotten
under way — only the prelude has been told. Perhaps
a newly created hunter is highly malleable in the
hands of the Messengers and can be reshaped as they
decide they need. Maybe a character's own identity or
will can combine with the Heralds' influence to
evolve the kind of hunter that a character finally
becomes. Although a character may have exhibited
Cleave in the prelude, that power escapes him now,
even as others manifest. Any or all of these narrative
explanations for changing creeds and edges can be
used in yourstories. Just complete any such changes by
the beginning of the first true game session. Hunters'
identities are set in stone once they finally make the
conscious effort to pursue monsters.

Fine-tuning creeds, Virtues and edges is actually
somewhat common when players come to the pre-
lude with only human characters. The players know
their characters' mundane identities. When a mon-
ster is revealed, they respond in keeping with those

identities (or according to any personality changes
that derive from the imbuing). You might decide
creeds and initial edges for the characters, and make
them stick; the Heralds have spoken. Or you could
let players adjust your decisions after the prelude.
Perhaps a player feels her "Defender" is more of a
Martyr. Maybe an Innocent was being roleplayed as
a Visionary. That Discern edge might be more appro-
priate as Witness.

You should review any such changes. They
should still be in keeping with characters' human
identities. Radical changes in personality — and
creed — should be justified in terms of the story. If
you're not convinced, don't agree to a change.
Don't let players alter their characters simply to
gain more power.


And if the creature is destroyed, what remains of it?
Dust? A corpse? The answer depends on how difficult you
want the characters' lives to be at this early stage of their
rebirth. How can they explain standing over a dismembered
corpse, their own hands bloodied — yet the body has been
dead for weeks?

Cosure

By the end of the prelude, the players have walked a mile
in their characters' shoes, roleplaying events in the lives of
ordinary people. Then, without warning, the characters are
faced with a horrific revelation: Monsters are real. The
imbued respond to the sight and contend with the creature.
They exhibit amazing capabilities. Their eyes are opened to
witness a world they never dared imagine. The characters'
lives will never be the same again; they will be waking
nightmares.

The majority of your prelude is complete, but how do
you end it? The characters have fought a terrifying being. Do
they nonchalantly introduce themselves, "Hi, I'm Dave.
From your powers, you must be the group Avenger!"? For the
love of God, no!

Now more than ever, the players have to climb into their
characters minds to decide how they react to everything that's
happened. The dust has settled. A silent calm falls. The
characters have just seen and done things that should not be
possible. A dead creature may lie in their midst — undeniable

A » Wa pet gs es

proof that what seemed to happen did happen. Now is the time
that the characters and players must take everything in and try
to make sense of it all — or not at all.

To put yourself in anything remotely like a similar
context, think back to a fight you may have gotten into as a
kid at school. Or remember a fight you witnessed. The scene
all boiled down to rage. Hit. Kick. Bite. Punch. Throwing
everything into winning, into causing more harm than was
received. To be the winner. All the kids watched, chanted
and jeered, "Get him," but really they just wanted to see
violence. It didn't matter who won.

When the playground fight was over, an uncomfortable
silence fell across the combatants and crowd. There was
shame for hurting, shame for losing and shame for watching
at all. Everyone went their separate ways as they tried to
avoid attention and the disturbing emptiness that followed.

Although hunters' experiences are more adult and far
more mortifying, the sensations are probably the same.
Realistically, most people who find themselves in the after-
math of a hunters' imbuing would leave the scene. Escape.
Try todeny that it happened. Refuse to believe what they did
and saw. They'd try to resume a normal life, but they can't.

The finalé of your prelude can take any form youand the
players like, but never forget that the characters are still
human. They do not adapt immediately to bizarre powers,
monstrous sights or mysterious voices. If any kind of resolu-

CHAPYERS:YHE TRUTH


tion is suggested for Hunter preludes, it's that there is none.
The imbuing is the start of characters' new lives. The story
is just beginning. Characters might flee the scene of the
event and try to shut it out, but memories of it and visions
that follow insist that the world is no longer the same. The
characters must adapt or lose their minds completely.

The prelude therefore ends without a satisfying resolu-
tion, because there can't be one. The characters pray that
word of what they did never gets back to them, and that
nothing more ever comes of it. Hopefully this anticlimactic
approach to events is sufficiently unsettling that players
empathize with their characters and wonder, as their charac-
ters do, what might happen next in the lives of the imbued.

‘The Srweoue breune

Depending on how direct a role you want the
Messengers to play in your Hunter chronicle, and
on how poignantly you wish to depict the chara
ters' imbuing, you can use symbolism to convey the
significance of the event. To create a pseudo-
supernatural Hunter game, describe followers of
the three primary Virtues in different ways during
the prelude: Zealots as wrapped in flames, the
Merciful as bathed in light and Visionaries as

whipped by winds. These three portrayals unmis
takably emphasize the enormity of the imbuing —
that some otherworldly force takes a hand in the
characters' lives, charging them with divine or
ethereal power. The three imbuing image:
characters into their respectiv

also cast
primary Virtues,
and create distinct divisions among them to rein-
force the various hunters' uniqueness.

This symbolic approach to the imbuing helps
players and characters understand that something
amazing and disturbing occurs to them. Yet, when no
one is hurt by the fire, light or wind, and an unmistak-
able monster makes its entrance, the characters'
symbolism helps contrast them from the creature and
emphasizes their need to address the abomination.

The symbolic imbuing is ideal for starting
roleplayers, or for those who chafe at ambiguity in
character roles. The righteousness of the characters'
mission seems clear. Now, all characters need do is
decide how their individual missions should be ac-
complished, which is the narrative equivalent of
deciding creed.

The period following hunters' imbuing is perhaps the
most difficult in all their new lives. Certainly, the months
and perhaps years to follow will be filled with hardships, as
days and nights are dedicated to stalking supernatural beasts,
friends are lost in the struggle, family drifts away and hunters
potentially lose life and limb. However, the challenges faced
by a seasoned hunter don't compare to those dealt with by
thenewly imbued. The experienced hunter has been through
his difficult formative stage. He believes he knows his
purpose, he's aware of his weaknesses, he has tricks to use
against the enemy, and he has back-up to call upon. The
foundling hunter has none of these advantages.

The days, weeks and even months after a person's
imbuing are what make or break him as a hunter. It's in this
period that the chosen must come to grips with the twisted,
corrupt world into which he has suddenly been reborn.
Monsters are facts, not fantasy. They lurk in all the dark,
hidden places where humans cannot of will not look. The
creatures are in charge of society, politics, religion and
culture. They pull the strings of pawns to ensure that their
tainted vision of things comes to pass.

As much as the chosen tries to close his eyes and mind
to what he's seen and knows, as much as he clings desperately
to his hollow former life, he cannot deny the truth. Every-
where he looks —on the streets, in businesses, in church, in
positions of power — are monsters hiding in shadows or
disguised as ordinary people. They lurk, sneak and slither,
playing their games with unwitting lives, and sating their
hideous appetites on human fears and flesh.

Worst of all, the ignorant masses have no clue of the
truth. Indeed, they're incapable of knowing, as subversive
powers and crushing lies break the common person's ability
to truly comprehend. Not even public displays of impossible
powers or terrible beasts enlighten the herds. They simply
turn away, or the hunter's effort at exposure is covered up,
and his existence is made known to the real powers that be.

There's no one for the recently imbued to turn to,
either. Family and friends try to tolerate his bizarre stories
and behavior, but they eventually grow concerned for his
sanity. Coworkers look at him askance as he behaves mania-
cally and eventually stops showing up altogether.

If the hunter can bear the weight of his knowledge and
the apparent futility of his existence, he may eventually
realize that the only people he may turn to are others with
the same burden. Surely, he cannot be the only one. His first
option might be to look for the people who were there that
fateful night, the ones who stayed and fought ot negotiated
or schemed. Perhaps the outsider goes in search of others of
his kind by scouring the streets, leaving signs of his passing,
searching newspapers for odd events, or surfing the Internet
in hopes of finding information about his "condition."

en Oe eg Nees ote Se

{

aA » Ge pet gs Ge

For most hunters, awareness of the awful truth can be
ignored or resisted only so long before they must do some-
thing about it. Just as they could not turn away on the night
of their imbuing, they must eventually turn their gaze upon
what prowls the shadows. Sooner or later, whether in the
company of fellow chosen or completely alone, a hunter sets
out to oppose the creatures he witnesses. His intent may be
to restore them to humanity to save himself, understand
them so that he may understand himself, or wipe the mon-
sters from the face of the Earth out of revenge for what's been
done to him.

If a hunter is lucky, he may survive his first intended
encounter with the supernatural. The lessons he learns teach
him to be smart, cautious and resourceful. The result is a
seasoned hunter who seeks salvation and protection for
mankind and the world.

SronvrecuncNovies Humvees

The preceding string of events is typical of hunters
experiences and development as they strive to make sense
of their calling. Many die trying and never learn what it was
all about or what they were supposed to accomplish. If your
troupe's characters survive, it's your job to depict the
hardships, loneliness, confusion and obsession they un-
dergo, and perhaps even the triumphs they celebrate. It's
not an easy job. You portray human development that must
occur over a considerable period of time; imbued aren't
superhunters by their first true "adventure." It takes time,
focus, luck and skill for hunters to become good at their
game, but even then, the hardships of the calling don't
necessarily fade. Friends still die, lost loves remain lost, and
monsters are always out their in seemingly endless numbers.

Yue Day Are

The period immediately following the imbuing is easily
the most difficult, for the imbued have innumerable ques-
tions and no answers. Yet the source of their fears —
monsters — appear everywhere. You can describe the
"downtime" between characters' imbuing and their first
traditional story in a couple of ways. You may sit with each
player in turn to explain the suffering her character endures
as she tries to rationalize and reconcile the events of that
night. Treat this session like an extended prelude, explain-
ing how the character sees monsters repeatedly, despite her
best efforts to ignore or avoid them. Allow the player
courses of action — what to do upon seeing another
creature, whether to confess actions to family or the au-
thorities, how to hold onto past life — but remind her that
her character is still ostensibly a normal person; it may be
too soon for butchery just yet.

The character becomes increasingly paranoid, afraid
that the creatures can see her, too. She worries that the

events of her change will come back to haunt her, that the
police (or worse) will follow the trail back to her —and finish
what she started.

Family and friends become worried, distant and perhaps
even fade from the picture, whether the character realizes it
or not. The mundane concerns of her former life — work,
bills, appointments, and perhaps even house, car or cl
become meaningless in the bald face of the truth. Life as it
used to be probably falls apart unless the character is a
veritable rock and balances her past and present lifestyles
(and the player convinces you that this can be done at all).
Ultimately, let the player decide how bad things get for her
character, based on the hunter's identity. Its up to you to
make sure developments are realistic. Knowing that things
rule the world, and maintaining old relationships and re-
sponsibilities may simply be incompatible.

es —

Another approach to relating the decline of the newly
imbued is in your chronicle's initial stories. Perhaps the first
episodes aren't as much about fighting the supernatural as
they are about coming to terms with its existence. Monsters
may never even appear in these sessions, at least not in a
confrontational manner. Players simply roleplay their char-
acters' decline and, perhaps, desperate union. Events at work
seem meaningless. The boss gets irritable. The spouse or
significant other wonders what's wrong, and then turns angry
when the character can't pull out of her depression. Money
gets tight. Food runs short. But all the while, there are
monsters in the hidden places, watching, waiting. And then
there are the voices, the half-glimpsed warnings and the
terrible dreams that remind the character that obscenities
tule the night.

Pee Henao vnc Messace

Contact from the Messengers declines sharply after a
character's imbuing. The Heralds arrange all the elements
that create their warrior, and then throw him to the wolves
to see if he's worthy. That doesn't mean the Messengers are
absolutely silent in hunters' early days, though. Rather, the
Messengers act to deny newly imbued the chance to hide
from the truth. Whereas one of the chosen tries to ignore
what he did last week, the Heralds remind him in the form of
more sensations, messages or images. The intent is to drag
him out of his shell and make him struggle to survive.

A common Herald strategy is to make a hunter aware of
a monster or suspicious circumstance so that the chosen feels
compelled to investigate. A character reading a newspaper
account of his own imbuing might witness, "So far, the police
admit to having no Icads in the bizarre events of Sep. 14th.
Inspector Weitz THE PAWN OF DARKNESS SEARCHES
FOR YOU is reported to have undisclosed theories about the
perpetrators..." Of course, the otherworldly message disap-
pears in the next moment, but the sign is enough to shake a
character out of denial, especially with hint that he is not safe
from incrimination or discovery.

Use such Messenger communication to inspire charac-
ters to act, even in their early days of the imbuing. If the
authorities are in league with monsters, and those agents are

CHAPYERS:YHE TRUTH

|
|
[

|


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

\ [/

in search of the characters, perhaps the imbued need to do
something about it — whether go into hiding, seek aid from
others present that night, or dig up something that can be
used against the enemy. Here lies the stuff of your first true
Hunter stories.

Fienos m Nexo

Ultimately, the newly imbued's only comfort in his
harrowing existence is other hunters, those who know
what's going on, can support what he has seen, and can
confirm that the initiate isn't insane. Most hunters are
imbued in groups, the automatic makings for "platoons" of
soldiers. Starting hunters probably turn to these people first
in their organization for the war. Perhaps the easiest way to
find fellow imbued is to return to the "scene of the crime."
Irmay take days or nights, but hunters who want to find their
fellows in misery are most likely to find them here, as others
in the group have the same idea.

There are other means to locating hunters, though,
and not necessarily ones imbued alongside a character. The

hunter code of symbols is a language that comes intuitively
to the chosen. Characters may not fully understand what
they doodle, sketch or scribble at first, but the symbols take
on meaning and significance in time, especially when
novice hunters discover the same symbols spray-painted on
ban walls, worked into logos and letterheads, or posted
on websites. Hunters use these symbols to indicate their
presence in a vicinity, sort of a "help wanted" sign for the
imbued. Once a marker or call for help is recognized, it's

(ee Se eee ee ry eee gO Qe

a

|

only a matter of time before

hunters warily encounter each

other and perhaps even form an alliance.
Some suicidal or foolhardy imbued have been known to

start the hunt right away, intent on understanding what

they've become through trial by fire, or desperate to put an

end to their suffering. The lucky aren't found by the enemy,
but rather by other hunters performing their own patrols,
perhaps even by those chosen who were present at the
character's own imbuing.

The Messengers have also been known to reunite hunt-
erscreated at the same scene. Separate visions, statements or
compulsions delivered to each of the characters gives them
reason to converge on the same place or to look into the
same series of events. Suppose a child is murdered. Alll the

characters had a connection to her — one as a teacher, one
as a neighbor and one as a family member. The characters
suspect foul play of the worst kind and start digging. Their
efforts lead them to the same conclusions and to each other.
When the same people converge as they did that first
horrendous time, it seems clear that fate has something in
store for them collectively.

And, of course, there's the Internet. The web eventu-
ally becomes the primary means of hunter communication as
they use it to learn about the enemy and themselves. The
hunter-net website is the foremost of hunter contact points,
but is also just starting. Its designer, Witness], founded the
site only recently and is well aware that it has been compro-

ee ee fe
_ TTY SEI


aA » Ge pet gs Bes

mised by the very creatures that hunters stalk. Yet the site,
and others like it, persists, despite even hacking and subver-
sive intrusion. It's almost as if hunter sites have a life of their
own on the net, where so much human consciousness,
creativity and communication exists for all to share.

Newly imbued who log onto a hunter website find the
salvation that they so desperately crave — proof that their
experiences have been real (a revelation that certainly has
adouble edge). Although it's dangerous due to the possibil-
ity of setups or traps, hunters online can confer and join
forces in their crusade, whether in the flesh or strictly
through the electronic medium.

Regardless of how starting hunters find allies, if at all,
once they find strength in numbers or strength in them-
selves, your chronicle can officially get under way.

Manresyinc Oren EDces

Hunters typically exhibit one or, at most, two edges in
the prelude. They may have other powers, though, whether
chosen by players at character creation or after the prelude
is complete. Hunters usually learn that they're capable of
more feats in the days after the imbuing (a fact that only
compounds their fear and confusion). You can incorporate
discovery of these powers into your narrative of downtime
events after the prelude, or you can work it into any prelimi-
nary short stories you tell.

Hunters can realize or discover that they're capable of
still more feats through a variety of means. They may
simply sense after the imbuing that further capabilities lie
beneath the surface, just waiting to be called upon. Intense
concentration, nightmares or preliminary hunting efforts
may draw these edges forth. Powers can also manifest
through accidents. Shock, sudden pain or emotional out-
bursts could trigger heretofore unknown capacities.
Subsequent supernatural spectacles could inspire unex-
pected edge effects. Suddenly seeing a creature in the
workplace might activate a power despite a character's
ignorance of the ability. Whether he turns that power
against the creature is up to him, but doing so publicly may
have its own repercussions.

Even if a starting character has no more edges at his
disposal to discover, his known ones may still manifest
under any of the above circumstances. Control and per-
haps even mastery over edges comes from experimenting
with them to learn their parameters and limitations. A
hunter who doesn't learn to control his edges, like any
weapon, is as much a danger to himself and defenseless
people as he is to the enemy.

Of course, you may choose to take newly imbued char-
acters from the frying pan and throw them into the fire.
Unexpected edges may not develop —and old ones may not
reappear — until characters take an active role against the
supernatural. That is, you may keep players and characters in
the dark about their capabilities, shedding light only when
the hunters' lives are at stake; their powers manifest for

SS ee See 42 ge fa:

survival purposes only. This approach teaches harsh lessons,
but italso creates an intense mood of the unknown. Notonly
are hunters ignorant of the creatures in the world, but they
remain largely ignorant of themselves. Imagine trying to
make sense of a new reality when you can't even make sense
of who or what you are.

Keeney ie Caronicts RUNNING

The players' characters have been through the prelude
and their imbuing. Faced with the chilling truths of the
world and its secret inhabitants, and faced with the painful
fact that humanity at large cannot comprehend the danger
it's in, the imbued have sought each other out. Their initial
contact might simply have been ro reassure each other and
confirm their own stability. However, in time, after ongoing
visions and encounters with walking malignity, characters
eventually decide that they have to stop the evil occurring
all around them. They have to put aside their own fear and
perhaps even mortality to rectify the supernatural crimes
committed against mankind. That's when the characters
genuinely start their hunt. That's when your Hunter stories
and chronicle truly get going.

The remainder of this chapter addresses ideas, themes
and concepts of creating and telling stories. If you're a tried
and true Storyteller, you already have your own approach
and style. There are concerns yet to be addressed that are
truly unique to managing an ongoing Hunter chronicle,
however, conditions that you may not have thought of but
might encounter in your own games.

Kerpnc rnc Canncrens Voceraer

When the Messengers imbue people, they don't scruti-
nize human interests, ethics or compatibility, they empower
individuals who have the raw materials necessary to act
against the unknown. The Heralds want weapons against
humanity's monstrous tormentors. Whether those "weap-
ons" get along is irrelevant; the mission is all that matters.

Although the Messengers' unearthly perspective is
cold and distant, the foundations of their presumptions are
solid. Hunters need each other. The imbued are individu-
als, each of whom possesses certain powers to use against
the night. Some chosen are able to recognize evil and
discern it from good (or from the partially good, if such is
possible among monsters). Others bring violent retribu-
tion against abominations. Still others raise up the deserving
from the enemy horde to save them and pethaps even turn
the former against the latter. Finally, certain hunters have
the presence and insight to look beyond the night-to-night
fray to understand who's winning the war, why it must be
fought and in which direction it should be taken. Unfortu-
nately, no single hunter possesses all of these abilities. No
single hunter can wage the war himself and expect to
contend with only the corrupt. No solo hunter can hope to
separate all the penitent from the damned. No solitary

CHAPTERS: THE TRUTH

gy ee ed Sr eet BS 5 es EE


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

versatility, no single hunter can hope to survive without
someone watching his back. There's strength in numbers.
Together hunters stand, divided they fall.

Hunters also need to stick together because they must
share their resources. People are chosen from all walks of life,
with all kinds of skills, information and contacts. Alllof these
resources must be called upon in the course of the hunt, and
if imbued don't have them, they are vulnerable in their
efforts against abominations. A hunter with friends among
the police and perhaps even politicians is important for the
influence he wields. A mechanic is invaluable for the trans-
: portation he provides, the quick-fix he can make to a
get-away vehicle when zombie masses bear down, and for his

| hunter can hope to stem the tide by himself. Without this

potential to repair general equipment that might be dam-
aged. A gang member is indispensable for her knowledge of
the streets, the enemy's court and killing grounds. She can
also acquire weapons and knows how to use them. Any one
of these people trying to hunt alone would not last long.
Sooner or later, he or she would need access to skills,
information or contacts that she does not possess, but that
others do.

Hunters also need each other for perhaps the simplest
reason of all: a sense of belonging. Being imbued, knowing
the truth of reality amid a sea of people who are blind to it,
makes hunters outcasts, outsiders. Unless they previously
lived all of their lives that way, the alienation they now
experience is perhaps their greatest opponent. Monsters can
be destroyed, but loneliness and self-defeat can be impos-
sible to resist. Hunters therefore need to turn to each other,
no matter how adept they become, no matter how potent

their edges are. Monsters, death and isolation are still terri-
fyingno matter how capable a hunter is. The chosen therefore
stick together just to remind themselves of their inherent
value and humanity.

Imbued who throw themselves headlong into their
personal mission, though, ones who dismiss their vulnerabil-
ity and live for the hunt alone, lose touch with their
humanity. For some hunters this tendency occurs as a result
of inbred nihilism or self-revulsion. Such behavior was
usually exhibited before, but now it's compounded to match
the intensity of the World of Darkness revealed. Yet these
characters are still human, despite what they may believe,
and have some soft spot or glimmer of hope. Although these
chosen may avoid human contact or working with other
hunters, they tend to resign themselves to it sooner or later,
even if other hunters must come to them.

Other imbued lose touch because they literally stop
being human. A character whose primary Virtue score rises
significantly high begins to embody the objectives and
beliefs of the Messengers rather than his own identity. The
process begins as high-Virtue hunters develop derange-
ments (see p. 203). However, when a character's primary
Virtue rating reaches 10, she is for all intents and purposes

SS

a machine of the cause. Previous values, loves, hopes and
dreams no longer matter. Only the hunt and the precepts
of the character's primary Virtue are important. The char-
acter goes on to pursue the hunt according to the tenets of
her creed — Judge, perhaps — with the goals of her Virtue
in mind — say, destroying the enemy — but does so by
means that are unfathomable to "lesser" hunters. For this
Judge, seeking the greatest good in a situation might mean
killing people and monsters to ensure that the monsters are
exterminated. After all, isn't the greatest good still accom-
plished for the human race as a whole? A Martyr with 10
Mercy might believe that everyone should give of them-
Ives for the hunt, and she "volunteers" people to make
sacrifices. An Innocent might turn his attention to all
kinds of corruption, supernatural or otherwise. Perhaps
ordinary people are no longer to be tolerated if their hearts
and minds aren't in the right place.

Such an extremist hunter only seems human anymore;
his mind and soul are beyond. Indeed, he is so far gone that
other hunters might feel the need to put him down like the
rest of the unknown. Such a character becomes a virtual
narrative tool, a possible enemy for other characters, a
mystery as to what lies at the extremes of hunter obsession,
and as a warning of what lengths not to go to. If you think a
player is up to the challenge of roleplaying such a character
realistically and compellingly, you can leave it in his hands.
The tension that results with other troupe characters is
certainly dramatic as they try to rationalize or reconcile with
the wacko among them, and he simply tries to comprehend
them (or doesn't try at all).

So what is the lesson extremists teach to other hunters
Remain grounded. Remember who and what you hunt for,
and don't lose sight of those values. Above all, retain your
humanity. Stay among people to remember humility. And
stay among fellow hunters to make sure that others learn
those lessons, too.

So when tensions among characters rise over deci-

sions, goals, race, culture, gender, gender preference or just
basic values, remind characters of why they need to stick
together. Confront individual hunters with monsters that
they can't deal with alone. Maybe the key to confronting
that thing is information ot an ability possessed by another
group member. A reunion could be in order. Painful isola-
tion and despair might be too much for separated hunters
to bear. The death of a family member could bring home
the point that a hunter really can't go home again, at least
not to his "natural" home. His adopted one may be another
story. Or, a loner hunter might cross paths with a true
extremist among the imbued, a hunter with a vision for the
war that's so warped that it's incomprehensible to the
character. There might be comfort in the wacko's company
for a little while, but when unacceptable prices are de-
manded of the character or defenseless people, "former"
allies may not seem so bad. In fact, they may be needed to
confront this lunatic.

a


Sa » Gee pet gs Bes

Keeping hunter characters together throughout your
chronicle really isn't much of a problem, then. Players and
characters tend to recognize the need for alliances when
they glimpse the abyss that is conducting the hunt alone.
The larger world proves more dangerous and daunting than
do the simple differences posed by other imbued.

brrmopueme New Hunrzes

Sooner or later, players' characters are driven off, made
invalids, debilitated emotionally or mentally, or killed. It's
a fact of hunter life — and death. That means players create
new characters. New players might also join your troupe. In
either case, you need to introduce new characters. Fortu-
nately, Hunter has no experience levels or relative power
factors to consider among characters; monsters are suffi-
ciently pervasive that all kinds are encountered everywhere.
Hunters don't pick and choose targets with which to con-
tend based on the challenge (well, most don't anyway).
They respond to all creatures, some of which are mindless or
weak, others of which are potent and deadly. The point is,
in a reality of ages-old evil incarnate, the truly powerful
among the enemy are a threat to all hunters, regardless of
edges possessed or information known.

So introduce new hunters to your chronicle whenever
you like or need. If there are experienced imbued in the group,
they can teach newcomers everything they need to know.
After that, it's up to each hunter to persevere and survive.

New characters can have been imbued apart from the
rest of the group and meet with the others in the simple
course of the story. It's best to take the player aside and tell
his own prelude so that his character has an introduction to
the setting as the rest of the group did. After the newly
imbued comes to grips with what he has become — perhaps
through his own pre-game narrative or short stories — he
may meet the group while attempting his own hunting
efforts. Or maybe the newcomer searches for others of his
kind and happens upon the group, which has been at the
hunt forsome time. He may even have learned the arts of war
himself — you allow a player to create a character with afew
"free" experience points under his belt—and has something
to offer would-be allies.

The most dramatic way to introduce a new character
to your game is through a spontaneous imbuing. The
Messengers awaken a normal human in the presence of the
other players' characters, and in the vicinity of a monster
or more. This kind of welcome is exciting because the new
character is subjected to truths about the real world that
most imbued take weeks or months to experience; the new
hunter is born toa built-in support group that can educate,
shepherd and direct him. Here's a chance for battle-weary
hunters to ease a person into the reality that they were
thrown into so callously. Here's an opportunity to gain a
new ally with untold skills and contributions. Here's a
chance to turn to yet someone else who will one day
understand what hunters must deal with, and who can help
support those who came before.

Of course, not all acting hunters want to initiate a
newly imbued. The stranger might seem a liability rather
than a boon. Existing characters might suggest that the
newcomer ignore and forget everything he sees and hears
in order to hold onto his former life. The recently chosen
hunter may therefore not join the established group for a
while in game time. However, the compelling facts of the
true World of Darkness inevitably motivate the new char-
acter to understand what's happened to him and his
surroundings. The newly imbued probably comes back to
the characters as his only hope in desperate times. Even the
most jaded of hunters is hard pressed to resist such a needy
case. Or the spurned character might even set out on his
own and survive. He becomes an accomplished hunter in
his own right, and it's only a matter of time before he runs
into those who once denied him. He can savor the poetic
justice when the others now niéed his help, or he can
swallow his pride when he must still solicit the aid of his
previous detractors.

An initiate isn't necessarily the only one moved and
affected by a surprise imbuing, one that occurs within an
existing chronicle. Witnessing an awakening can spark
memories and rekindle emotions that even a hardened
hunter may have thought buried. The shock, revulsion,
fervor, compassion, dismay and confusion that a newly
imbued character displays may force existing characters to
recall their own preludes. You could even recreate and
roleplay scenes from characters' previous lives, past episodes
that the transformation calls up. Trained hunters might
believe themselves facing the same creature that brought
about their own change, only to recognize it afterward as a
different monster — and to realize that a new hunter has
been created. The feelings and memories dredged up might
even compel characters to take the newly imbued under
their wing; an undeniable bond is formed by all the charac-
ters' awakening. Maybe the new character has the Mentor
Background in the form of one or more fellow characters.
The potential for dramatic roleplaying in a spontaneous
imbuing is enormous. Make the most of it for all players and
characters, new and old.

Devtormc Hew Eoces

When characters immerse themselves in the hunt and
live to tell the tale, they inevitably gain more Virtue points,
and therefore more edges. Virtue points have no obvious
bearing on the mechanics of the game or on the personality
of a character until she acquires a very high score in her
primary Trait and becomes less human, more a vessel for the
Messengers. Edges, on the other hand, are clear and obvious
manifestations of acquiring authority and capability in the
hunt. But because new edges are not trained for, researched
or taught — they're not acquired by spending experience
points — how do characters get them and know the powers
are in their possession?

Edges are the direct result of advancing the Messengers'
purpose in the war against the supernatural. As a character's

CHAPYERS:THE TRUTH

|
|
|
|


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Virtue ratings rise, she may gain new and varied edges. The
player may choose how to spend his character's Virtue
points, but the character herself asks for no new powers. Nor
does she implore the Heralds to bestow new capabilities upon
her. In story terms, new edges are simply handed down to
hunters by the enigmatic Messengers. It's up toa character to
discover her new resources and to learn to master them.

Characters can recognize new edges in the same ways
that they discover all of their powers after the imbuing (see
Manifesting Other Edges, p. 235). The means by which new
edges appear and are discovered depends on the nature of
your story or chronicle, and the identity of the character in
question. A trauma such as a barely averted car accident
might trigger a power never displayed before. An unexpected
or emotional monster confrontation, say with a family mem-

ber, might activate a new power. The simple act of carrying
out the hunt may suddenly puta new weapon at a character's
disposal. The paranoia theme of your chronicle may suggest
thata power develops aftera series of unprecedented Messen-
ger-imposed visions, all portraying the hunter becoming
something more than human; these intrusive beings are out
to get the character, and here's physical proof.

After deciding how to introduce a character's new
power, consider when it appears. A player chooses what
new edge he'd like his character to have, but she exhibits
that power only when you say. New edges may manifest
during downtime, between stories. The development oc-
curs almost as an afterthought: "In the days that follow,
you notice your vision gains some kind of clarity, as if you
can see details that not even second sight reveals." By the
time the next story begins, the character has fully devel-
oped her new edge.

Or new powers may arise during the events of a story.
Introducing powers in this way can be treated much like the
initial power that a hunter wields at her imbuing. The
capability can activate on its own, triggered unconsciously.
The character suddenly finds herself able to use and control
it. Alternatively, the character uses the power unwittingly
and only realizes what's happened after the events surround-
ing the activation settle. Whether a hunter is frightened by
the manifestation of a new capability is up to her identity and
roleplaying. However, at this stage in a character's hunting
career, the appearance of new powers is evidence that unseen
forces are still at work and a greater struggle remains to be
fought. New powers are probably not as traumatizing as they
were during the imbuing itself.

If you want, new edges can require training and prac-
tice before a character can use them automatically or with
precision. Like any skill, using edges takes effort and train-
ing. It may be some time before a character demonstrates
complete control over an edge. You could even require that
experience be spent to reflect such training; perhaps one or
two points' worth per level of the edge in question. Difficul-
ties may be inflated or edge dice pools reduced until full
control is achieved. In a fast-paced game, powers may just

ee

come naturally to characters; they can bring all edge effects
to bear right away.

Finally, you have authority over what edges players may
choose and characters may have. Ifthe theme of your chronicle
is revenge, edges along the Innocent path may be off limits.
Indeed, dots in the Mercy Virtue may be denied characters. If
the group already includes two adherents of Zeal, other char-
acters' wielding Avenger edges may be overkill; characters'
powers become repetitive and hunters' priorities blur. A Vi-
sionary character might not suit the Cleave power that his
player wants. Or you might really need a character to possess
acertain edge fora coming story, and request thata player takes
it. If he chafes, goad him into it with promises of stardom in
upcoming tales. Also, remember that characters' primary
Virtue ratings cannot be exceeded by their other Virtue scores.
A Redeemer with a 3 Mercy cannot have a 4 Zeal or Vision.
Characters' highest rated edges in their creed paths cannot be
exceeded by edges of other paths, either. That is, a Judge with
the level-two edge of his creed cannot possess a level-three
power from any other edge path. Ultimately, it's your chronicle.
Work with players to decide the directions in which their
characters grow.

Te Spice oF Lire

Let's face it. Given the chance, we'dall like to take a peak
at test answers before an exam, of see our own performance-
review notes before meeting with the boss. Players are like
that, too, only their sneak peeks are taken at chapters like this
one and the one following, which reveal the secrets of your
chronicle, and the powers and weaknesses of monsters. Unfor-
tunately, doing so eliminates the charm of playing a hunter
awoken to a new world; players know things their characters
don't. The extreme of this condition is players who know the
other Storyteller games, andall of monsters' capabilities. Itcan
be difficult for these players to separate player knowledge from
character knowledge: "I know that's a vampire, not a zombie
as the Storyteller is leading me to believe."

Players who possess too much information but play along
with youcanstill enjoy Hunter. They play dumband enjoy the
naiveté of their characters. The ones who don't play along ruin
the game for everyone by announcing their forbidden knowl-
edge: "Look out, it's a feral vampire, not a werewolf!"

Fortunately, there's a way to deal with spoilsports. The
same method also helps informed-but-mute players to enjoy
the game even more. Break the rules. Give monsters powers
that they shouldn't have. Let ghosts take solid form. Make
shapechanging a disease spread through infection rather than
a blessing or curse passed down through heredity. Let the
walking dead disappear underground to reappear elsewhere. If
you make up or swap powers and abilities of creatures, the
playing field changes completely. Suddenly, "educated" play-
ersare asignorantas their characters. Loud-mouthed characters
look like idiots, especially when their "informed opinions"
prove to be utterly false — and may even result in a person's
(evena hunter's) death. Your Hunter game is yours. Don't let

a ey 2g Nees oe
ane ee

players run roughshod over it, and help everyone have a good
time. If that means bending or breaking the rules for the sake
of the story, go for it.

Yue Fu SronySeecrnum

The typical hunter identity quickly lends itself to vio-
lence. The most common and easiest response to the
supernatural is to fight it, and to flee if it can't be beaten. A
lot of hunters, especially Zealots, concentrate on hit-and-
run tactics, mainly because they operate with the notion
that all creatures are inhuman by default and must be
destroyed. However, not all monsters have forgotten their
once-mortal ex

tence, and some may actually sympathize
with mankind even as they are forced to prey upon it.
Likewise, not all hunters want to destroy everything they

understand and help night creatures. There is therefore a
spectrum of hunter mentality and activity, with violence
simply at one end.

come across; the Merciful and Visionary often want to

Why, then, let your Hunter stories devolve into body-
armor-and-shell-casing extravaganzas? There are so many

other tales to tell, based on mystery, investigation, drama,
human values, passion and maybe even love. Sure, emptying
clips makes for exciting scenes, but relentless violence be-

comes boring. The success of a Hunter chronicle rests on
combining and mixing events so that all the stories under the
rainbow can be told. A lot of investigation and research makes
| an action scene all the more rewarding when characters have

Where does a hunter's own life end and his calling begin?
© The characters discover that an important official is
secretly a rot. His minions cover up his "indiscretions," but
the hunters are on to him. To attack the official outright
ee, ee ee

CHAPTERS: THE YRUY

worked toward staging it. Bullets might not help when loved
ones are the targets. And kicking ass holds no thrill when the
characters are just as merciless as their opponents

The following are some story ideas to help you flesh out
the potential of your chronicle. Muzzle flashes might occur
here and there, but each of these concepts is designed to
force players to think and roleplay before they make Fire-
arms rolls.

© A character's family member or friend has disap-
peared. Following a winding trail that suggests a bizarre
string of events, the characters find her only to discover that
she has been turned into a vampire —and that she embraces
her new existence. Can the related character bear to destroy
her, or must he allow her to exist? Does he try to save her
against her wishes? Do other hunters, perhaps even in the
same group, seek to destroy her, and thus need to be stopped?

eee eee Wee ee, es | © ee

~s

44


IN ER: Y HE RECKONING

would attract the attention of mortal authorities, the rot's
servitors, and any allies he has. The result might be the
deaths or ongoing pursuit of the characters, and perhaps the
compromising of the imbued as a whole. The characters'
investigation, however, proves that the official has close
criminal ties. If his corruption can be revealed, he might be
abandoned by his supporters and hung out to dry — easy prey
for the people who set him up.

© Some kind of new nocturnal faction has arrived in
town and a power struggle is under way. Normally, that
would be fine — let the deaders and wolfmen kill each
other. However, innocent people are caught in the crossfire,
and the police are covering it up. The imbued at least know
their resident adversaries. There's no telling who the new
ones are. Do the characters make a tentative alliance with
their traditional enemies to oppose the newcomers —
better the devil they know? Or could the new faction wipe
out the old, giving the hunters the edge of being an
unknown factor themselves?

® Local gang kids are running drugs and guns. Little do
they know that they're funded by nightstalkers. The kids
aren't the characters' true enemy, but they don't tolerate the
hunters' interference and defend their hidden masters. All-
out warfare would destroy the neighborhood and could
result in only human deaths. Can the characters make the
punks see the light? Do the gang's suppliers have a weakness
that can be used to expose or undermine them? Do charac-
ters have to infiltrate the gang to discover its patrons? Can
the kids be saved before they prove their worth to their
masters and join the rot legions?

© A reporter investigates a local figure whom the
hunters know to be the enemy. They are watching him, too,
gathering information and awaitingan opportunity tostrike.
The reporter endangers theit plan by visiting "crime" scenes
«d snooping around operations. Can the characters solicit
the reporter's aid without revealing their own nature? Is she
areliable source of information ot a troublemaker? Can she
be trusted, or might she blow the lid off the whole thing
before the imbued can act? If the hunters reveal the truth to
her, does she turn her full attention on them and hunter
culture in general?

© Miraculously, one terminal patient after another
makes a dramatic, inexplicable recovery ata local hospital.
Each is healthy, alert, even robust. Of course, it's all too
good to be true. The hunters soon discover those same
patients victimizing other people for blood or spirit energy.
Can the characters destroy these "monsters" who lived
such miserable lives and have found peace only now? And
who made the former patients what they are? Its motives
seem to have been good, if misguided. Are the characters
able to track down the "miracle worker," and, if so, does it
deserve saving or terminating? Can hunters in the same
circle even agree?

© A gruesome string of deaths sends up all the warning
signs of a nightstalker's rampage. The characters investigate

p 4

on CE 2g SA gees: ate Se

Ney Cn EG, Sy

only to discover that the "monster" is a homicidal human. Is
killing other humans the domain of the imbued? Is that their
purpose? Is judging fellow mortals the role intended by the
Messengers? Matters grow worse when the killer turns out to
be a hunter gone rogue. If the characters put him down, are
they any better? Could they become the same? Can the
wacko be rehabilitated?

© As characters wipe out a bloodsucker nest, they are
confronted by one who was changed recently. She struggles
with her new existence and longs to be normal again. Do the
characters have it in them to save her? Does word of their
sympathy get out, forcing them to run a gauntlet of hunters
to get the vampire safely out of the city? How far are the
characters willing to go to save one person? Must others be
hurt or killed in the process, and is that price worth the end?

© Hunters in the city are dying one by one, killed in
their homes and workplaces. Someone is selling out the
imbued! There can be only so many in the area, and charac-
ters investigate those they know. Ironically, the trail leads to
one of the very characters in the group. He has fallen prey to
a monster's mind control and subconsciously releases infor-
mation on his allies. Even if the hunter's tormentor is
disposed of, can the character be trusted again? And do other
hunters respect the group's decision to let him live?

© In their pursuit of a horrific beast, the characters
capture one of its servants in hopes of gaining more informa-
tion. The lowly creature is hurt grievously, though, and is in
no condition to even speak — at least, not yet. The hunters
could simply kill the toady, but then they'dhave no leads. To
what lengths will they go to nurse the creature back to
"health"? Feed it blood? Give it the fear or pain of innocents
on which it thrives? Do the characters seek other sources of
information and use the convalescing pawn to test the
legitimacy of intelligence and other leads? What does the
creature demand in return for betraying its master? Do the
hunters learn sympathy for the creature in its weakened
condition? If so, will they protect it when the master's other
goons come searching for the missing agent?

© A braggart hunter claims to have destroyed a power-
ful, local creature. His story has enough of a truthful ring to
be legitimate. Ifthe creature is destroyed, its secrets are up for
grabs to whomever can claim them. However, winning the
prize means venturing into the creature's lair and dealing
with any traps or defenses that may await. Other monsters
may be after the same goal, too. Indeed, other hunters may
be after the being's secrets, and they might not want to share
with the characters (not all imbued have the same motives).
Can the characters outwit the enemy and the traps arranged
for them? Is the monster really dead or was word of his
destruction merely bait for a larger trap? Can the characters
use their knowledge of the truth against the rivals with
whom they race?

* A bystander, exposed to how the world really is, use:
the knowledge for his own gain rather than for humanity
good. He gathers evidence against the people who were at

ee

as


the scene of his awakening, and he blackmails them. The
characters must learn who knows their secret and has infor-
mation about their activities, which could be released to the
press. Even if pictures would never get through monsters'
control of the media, those pictures would betray the hunt-
ers to their enemy. How can characters destroy the evidence
against them while on the run? If evidence has also been
gathered against some monsters, are the characters willing
tomakea deal with the enemy to discover the source of their
mutual threat?

Sronyretney He Messengers

Perhaps one of the greatest mysteries of Hunter: The

Reckoning in player and character minds is: "Who or what

are the Messengers?" There are all kinds of answers, some of

which are patently wrong, others that are partially correct,

and still others that are on the money. Hunters attribute

their rousing from the slumbering world, the bestowing of

their abilities, and the charge imposed upon them to many

sources. Some look to themselves and humanity in general.

The voices that hunters hear and the startling sensations

ij they have are the products of some portion of the uncon-

4 scious mind becoming conscious, maybe due the next stage

in human evolution. Or abilities that have lain dormant in

mankind for centuries are suddenly awakened because an

ancient war with "mythical" creatures must be fought again.

Orsheer determination and will activates the ability to heal
the world's injuries.

Other hunters attribute their revelations and gifts to
the work of outside, unearthly forces. Aliens have arrived to
create warriors to combat a universal enemy. God or some

? divinity has reached down to select worthy individuals to

W. cleanse the Earth. The Devil or some extraordinary Evil

afflicts people with suffering like that endured by Job. Those
who can resist the punishment and take up the cause against

Evil are worthy of salvation. A rebellion is being staged by

the world's governments or secret agencies to create an army

to combat the real powers at work. Or, individuals who have
stumbled upon the secret agendas of world governments are
deluded into believing that monsters are real.

In order to tell convincing stories, you as Storyteller
need to know which if any of these Messenger interpreta-
tions isaccurate. Otherwise, how can youcreate aconvincing
background and setting for your chronicle? The true nature
of the Messengers is shared here, but understand that not all
their secrets are revealed. Even these forces have hidden
agendas and private affairs that unfold only with time.

The Messengers are cosmological powers in the World
of Darkness universe; they're forces of nature. Various hu-
man cultures and societies have sensed or guessed at these
beings throughout human history. They can be likened to
| gods, deities or celestials. The terms "angels," "fates," "muses"
and "spirits" are applied to them by many hunters, and by
people in general. These forces have overseen reality since

Sa » ee pat gs es

its beginning, but which came first, these beings or the
universe, is unknown. In their roles as caretakers, the Mes-
sengers have affected human and Earthly affairs on a grand
scale previously. In particular, an age in which human heroes
fought demons and supernatural creatures has been brought
about at least once by these entities. The reasons for their
interference in human affairs and apparent intervention
against the supernatural are unknown, but to anyone who
can perceive the Heralds' actions, they appear to be at work
again in the modern age with the creation of hunters.

As celestial spirits, the Messengers certainly have the
capacity to be malevolent toward mankind and hunters.
They certainly cannot empathize with the insignificant and
relatively impotent speck that is each hunter. And yet, the
Heralds inflict no specific harm upon the imbued beyond
arousing them to the true conditions of their world. Obvi-
ously this awakening causes its own suffering, alienation and
torment, but any subsequent harm that befalls hunters is at
the hands of the creatures they face, not at the hands of the
creatures that open their eyes. If anything, the Messengers
encourage the imbued to take up the cause against the
supernatural as befits those people's beliefs. (Indeed, some
hunters speculate that the Messengers' values reflect the
three camps — based on the Virtues — that seem to form
among the imbued. Thus, the Heralds choose those with
beliefs like their own.)

The Messengers' ultimate purpose for the World of
Darkness is to impose a reckoning upon the monsters, crea-
tures and abominations that have dominated and controlled
humanity for ages. It's as if these forces intend to clean the
world's slate of corruption personified, using humanity as the
tool of destruction. To what end this cleansing must occur is
for the Heralds to know. However, some religious accounts
of such a reckoning foretell it as the completion of the cycle
of life, perhaps the end of the world as we know it. Yet
humanity seems to have an instrumental role in accomplish-
ing this goal. Perhaps mankind is therefore not meant to
suffer the same fate as the creatures that would be obliterated.

So the Heralds are not hunters' real enemy, despite the
pain they inflict upon people by opening their minds and
endowing them with strange powers. But how do you con-
vince players and characters that their benefactors can be
trusted, or at least are not the greatest threat at work? The
best way is to show characters the ultimate good that comes
of otherworldly intervention. The Heralds never come down
and say, "Hey, trust us. We're the good guys." They convey
the same sentiment through a variety of means that you can
work into your roleplaying and stories.

When hunters are imbued, and when they pursue the
hunt thereafter, a certain undeniable sense of righteousness,
clarity, epiphany or joy comes with the experience. Activat-
ing second sight, using edges and risking Conviction points
in edge rolls all offer hunters a subtle reassurance that their
might makes right. To make your point, liken these feelings
to sentiments players could understand from their own

=

CHAPTERS: THE YRUY H

|
|
|
|


are sreBuassayy atp "uoHsau0D Jeuosiad yons ym ajdoad
4o4 "wopaay pu ayt] aasasaid 01 pastnba are ‘asreyeur ou
‘uoneuruuaiap pur aids yeep sazipeas apy "3saq 2e snonuay st
aduagsixXa Yoryas Ul astaarun e s12a0dsip Mou Aep 0} Aep Adu
ayp ueyp aouaystxa 03 axoUr aq 01 pey 9194p PaAat]aq s

ys soureaip y "papaau Ajaios axe uolssedwio> pue yasuans
JY a19YM P]iom e jo areme apeur st ays se "Surpes 1aysiy
B sivay Ajuappns aa10Aap snoisiyar y "3uO aiou SuruarYysiy
siya ur pue — pyom ouepunur ay2 ur Aprurey 10} apracid
02 sayea a1 ey sey MoU JUared a]BuIs UEIIOI-y]9s AJ9DIay
V 01 panidse skempe Aayp sjeo8 ayp ystjdwoose pue sarfaq
ala uodn aoe 02 JeyMoraya ay aaey Mou o]doad asaya

aye

2eUp St siaIIVW IVY A "JONLVUE 2,USdOp UONIIAUOD s19I9eIeY>

{ Lyons Jo siseq ay], ‘s9at] 3194p Jo YOUN} ayp sea UOIBI|O1
£—

sdeyiag "uapuadapur Ajawianxa azam Aayp aqdeyy "api] [eUt
JU ul Jamod saysiy e Jo saaaswayy UT yey AzeuIpioenxs
and uayo ajdoad asay 11 puryag saox0y ay pue Sunquit
dup 0 poos yuarYU! Ue aatoI9d 02 BuIoULAUOD pou
1uop (siadejd pur) siaxseiy> autos ‘98:n0> JO
gspteaaad yyas yas stay
uaya.,siaddnd, aq staizezey> ued ‘udyp ‘mop "pasuey>
Jy ‘ida sey suoroyauoo aroya Aydde Kotp yoryes ur axo2U0>
ay, ‘heme sv owes ay2 Ure sJUaUITUDs pue saMUDpI

SiIUN EY, "M9U, IM sapMUapr ,pjo, Buredwos soye
Japisuosas a1ojazaya IYSIU sraBuassayy aya Aq pasnge 40
povurea saazoeseyp atayp aaatjaq oYM siake]g "WUa20UUT UR se
aanqeaid ajquaseayes Aue 02 apnaize] ures Wey? s19}yO Mou
‘uortdsns 40 uorsanb mnoypr ‘onyea oe} ae Buryads9ao
pus auodsaaa Yoo: oy uosiad y ‘aSpnf e se jenaeusadns
ay? 01 ways sayjdde ay uaym saanreay asoya sa1poquis Mou
[nyasodand pur azaasne ‘aarada{qo 9q 02 pasn oy Uosiad
Y ‘uondaup pur asodind mau s19tp Surunseour soy syreur
-ypuag pur saurfapins aya Mou aze aay] 02 pasn Ady Yoryar

Aq siauaa our ‘paapuy "Bumnqusy ay oye adueys 2,u0p
Ajjeaa sanjea atau aeyp azipeas suaauny jAAYsnoyp ‘sperou
pUue spat]aq ‘saat] PfO say2 UO yoeq BUPy0o] "(panquit
aya 02 anza waas Aew azsoddo ayp asnf ysnoypye) souNY
Buowe Joquinu 20U op — ssaisuow Jo avy ay UI peut O8

40 saagaswayp |] p]noM Oya as0ya — ajdoad papnyap 40
yeam ‘papurtu-paso]c ‘panguit aq 02 uasoy> axe ssaUy2eq]
J POA\ 24 Jo Yyanua oy ounpud 02 aYsIsUL Jo LOIS

pduio>

{jim ‘A1oeuay ayp Yatm sraIDeIeY> ATUO ‘"ZaAaMoH "siaddnd
40 sadnp siaquny ayew 02 ueat yDu2 Jo UOIsNI]! UE se
parazdiazuy ag pjno Surramodurs ssa9ereY> A[UIeUI9D)

| ssraBuassayy 2y2 UT ISN

| aanInqU sFa1deeYD NOY areys [IM Kay pue ‘Burjadwos

puy osje sated yeup sugar ur quny ap ur uone>y!e3

| Jo 10} 1081a s1ayUNY UIOD "989][09 parenpess ay Uys 319 24
: premau Jo asuas aures oyp yt (194e]d pue) Jax>eIeYD v aWOD

4900 YSIw aryp JeIMeUadns v 1 UORNIos ay Surmnpag
-A]]Ng pooypyryp e asurese dn asoz ay ways 39} 9y UORDIAUOD
awies ay ya (s2de]d pue) saroeseyo e asryut aysiu prAa
umop Burying "ply 49y pey ays uayas 2]93 ays ao¥ad ay yo

(194¢]d pur) zaaoereyp e purus 1yStu ainea

yf )
SS un 74
‘i ue 0} uoneayes Jo puey oy) Surpuarxg "2ouaradxo Lhe: Ss

yusoy spud


simply aspects of a bigger picture; they're not an enemy or
even necessarily a concern. The Messengers are simply tools
like hunters themselves, beings required to make sure the big
picture hangs straight.

Toe Hunven Y newe

The idea or concept that encapsulates the Messenger's
will for humanity and the chosen — the premise that is
hunters' ultimate driving force — is "Inherit the Earth."
When hunters are imbued, they're made to realize that the
environment they've always lived and believed in is a
construct, a veil that hides the existence of monsters who
are the real powers that be. There's no telling how long
humanity has been under these creatures' heel; perhaps
centuries or millennia. The truth is, monsters have always
existed, and they have always lived among and preyed
upon mankind.

The Messengers seek to make the supernatural answer
for its persecution of humanity. Hunters are theit means of
doing so. The imbued are meant to take back the night and
reclaim the Earth ora world where the mere natural can exist
unto itself.

Suddenly confronted with knowledge of their oppres-
sion by things, hunters are automatically aware of the
Messenger agenda, whether they realize it or not. To the
imbued, monsters' atrocities cannot be allowed. The crea-
tures must be stopped; survival and freedom demand it. The
result of this cohesion of purpose is an intuitive hunter
imperative to find (or make) a world for mankind to exist
beyond the reach of monsters.

For those who bring anger toand who demand action in
the hunt, this world already exists: the Earth, which must be
wrested from creatures' control. That's why Zealots are so
prepared and well-armed for war with the supernatural.

For those who bring compassion and forgiveness to the
hunt, a world worth saving must be tolerant and peaceful.
Perhaps that world can be found only when wanton evil is
eliminated or this world ends. The Merciful offer hope and
grace to the people —and even monsters — willing to share
it, in hopes of finding a better place. Creatures that refuse an
offered hand seal their own fate.

For those who question the direction and meaning of
the hunt, a world worth saving could be anything: this
world, the next, a continent, the future, another planet, the
Internet. Human freedom might not be limited to anything
so conventional as the Earth. These hunters suffer no
preconceived notions, and so may find worlds to inherit that
no other hunter can. That's why Visionaries stand apart
from other hunters, question their motives and are perhaps
the greatest leaders among the imbued.

You can bring the Messengers' "Inherit the Earth"
theme to the forefront of your games by making players
and characters ask the question, "Why?" Why is the
supernatural so clearly wrong? Why must monsters be
countered? Why is taking a stand important? Forcing

EE a Ee pe fas

A 2 ee pat gs Bees

players and characters to answer these questions makes
them consider the long-term goals of their actions: "Where
does opposing the supernatural lead?" "What will be the
result?" "What do we hope to achieve?" Sooner or later,
the chain of questions probably leads to fundamental
conclusions about human rights and liberties. Monsters
are wrong because torture, condemnation, slavery and
tyranny are wrong. If those crimes compose the supernatu-
ral itinerary for humanity's existence, then something
must be done. A new order and a new world must be forged
where human freedom and prosperity are upheld, not
downtrodden. When characters make these realizations,
"Inherit the Earth" may become the flag to which they
rally. That's when Hunter's theme becomes the single
most tangible aspect of your chronicle. That's when the
Messengers turn from suspicious beings to allies.

ELEMENY'SOF SY ORYTELLNG

Now that we've covered the unique storytelling aspects
of Hunter, we get into storytelling in general: How to create
a story or chronicle and keep it running. It doesn't matter if
a story is told on stage, on film or in the pages of a book, all
stories have something happening somewhere to someone.
That is, every story has elements of plot, setting and chara
ter. In order to run a good game of Hunter, you need to be
familiar with these tools and comfortable using them.

Serine

No story takes place in a vacuum. When characters deal
with the environment around them, the interaction can
reveal personality and identity just as strongly as can ex-
changes with other people. In fact, sometimes dealing with the
environment is more revealing. There are numerous literary
stories, for example, with only one major character. Ie or she
is pitted against inhuman or inanimate challenges. The Old
Man and the Sea and "To Build a Fire" spring to mind.

Hunter's setting is the World of Darkness. This realm
offers a wealth of background material for use in your games,
but it's still a large milieu. Setting probably needs to be
narrowed down for your stories. Most Hunter exploits take
place in cities (where prey is common and hunters can hide
amid the human masses), but what part of the city do you use?
The sleek, aloof skyscrapers of the business district? The
trashy, bleak slums? The impersonally comfortable suburbs?
Each has its possibilities, and each lends a very different
flavor to the stories that develop there.

Setting is concrete: Physical locations not only create
atmosphere, they make action more exciting. A fight in an
abandoned house is a cliché. How about a fight at a car
dealership? There are acres of vehicles to dodge into, under
and around. You have showrooms fronted by plate-glass
windows and full ofnew models. Around back are repair bays,
stocked with tools, hydraulic lifts, high-intensity lights,
generators, racks of tires and many, many types of flammable

CHAPYERS:THEYRUTH

|
|
:
|


HUNTER Y HE RECKONING

or caustic fluids. Why slug it out with the walking dead in a
haunted house when you can pin them under a brand-new
SUV and set the whole thing on fire?

Setting is also ephemeral: It conveys qualities like tone
and atmosphere that are very important to stories (especially
tohorror tories, and toa game that focuses on character) but
difficult to point at directly. Tone and atmosphere are hard
to grasp, but that doesn't make them less vital.

Entrsion Serving

The most obvious and most important element of set-
ting is your description of places and objects. It's very easy to
underplay characters' surroundings: "You're in a dark forest
at night," is considered good enough for a lot of Storytellers.
It shouldn't be. Consider this, instea

The sun is going down behind the trees, and cutting shadows
across the ground like prison bars. The temperature has dropped,
and the cold wind leaves your lungs feeling raw. The uneven
ground is thick with decaying autumn leaves — the top layer red
and crunchy, but with a strong smell of mold and decay rising
from the sodden layers beneath. Your steps rustle and crack
hidden twigs. Every noise you make sounds loud and foreign in
your ears. You strain — is that the sound of howling wolves, or
just the wind? Everything you try to hear is drowned out by the
noise of your own feet.

On one level, this description tells the players that the
ground is bumpy, that it's cold, dark and late in the year. On
another, it imposes the feeling that the characters don't
belong there. That description never comes out and says,
"you feel uncomfortable in the woods" — but it doesn't
need to.

Some artists draw every brick in a wall because they
know the bricks are there. More skilled painters can indi-
cate the bricks through a few lines and areas of color. You
can use a similar technique to quickly sketch the details of
a scene. Pick out a few elements of the setting that are
typical of the whole, a few items or details that convey what
you want players to know. Describe those in particular and
they stand in for an exhaustive (and boring) catalogue of a
room's contents.

Suppose the characters have entered a vampire's lair
during the daytime. The vampire hasn't been undead for
very long — she still has ties to her human life. There's a
conflict between her new nature as a blood-hunting mon-
ster, and her memories of life as a normal person. The
objects in her home, their arrangement, the details — all of
these can imply the conflict that the characters have no
way of just knowing. Suppose your players have also latched
onto the idea that vampires have preternaturally keen
senses. This idea — that their prey can sense them before
they sense it — has been a major source of discomfort.
Naturally, you decide to play it up.

The door opens on oiled hinges, yet you flinch because the
apartment is whisper-quiet — the thick door and walls provide an
effective barrier to all sound. It's dark inside — not a single shaft

|
!
|
|
|

ee ee We

of daylight can penetrate the heavy curtains. The only possible
illumination comes from candles and oil lamps, now dark. Every
light bulb has been unscrewed. There's a mild smell of disinfectant
in the air and a faint buzzing sound from somewhere.

Except for its darkness and silence, the apartment appears
normal. There are books on the shelves — romance novels
mostly. Photographs line the walls in cheap plastic frames —
pictures from weddings, vacations and graduation ceremonies.
You see her in several of them — smiling, her arms around people
who look like brothers, sisters, friends.

As you step into the living room, the buzzing becomes louder
and the disinfectant scent more intense. When you open the
bathroom door, you see why: There's no longer a bloodstain on
the tiles, but the grout between them bears traces, rust-red and
dry. The buzz is the sound of flies crawling on the floor, and on
a wastebasket containing a bag. The bag is tied shut, but the flies
circle its neck. The scent of disinfectant is strong here. Under-
neath it is a smell like roadkill or an old grease trap — a smell
coming from the trash bag...

Individual details are good for individual scenes. How-
ever, if you think on a larger scale, you can tie all the details
together into larger schemes. For instance, you might pay
particular attention to the lighting you describe for each
scene. Is it harsh, dim, vibrant, glaring, pitch black? Also,
make sure that the lighting description is appropriate to the
action of the scene. If every fight takes place in glaring,
blinding brilliance, battles have a different feel than if they
take place in disorienting shadows. Your players may not
consciously connect lighting with action (and if they do, it
may be time to switch to a more subtle technique), but they
may become nervous whenever a description is similar to
that of previous unpleasant encounters. They won't know
why, but they'll know bright lights are bad.

It doesn't have to be lighting. Use whatever descriptive
element you want to establish setting and create mood. The
technique or element you use doesn't even have to be the
same for each character, either. A character's Abilities and
Backgrounds indicate her interests. You can use those to
determine what a character would notice about a place. An
expert cook notices takeout cartons, unwashed dishes and
the smell of rancid food. A master criminal instinctively
looks for valuables — or hiding places. A musician wants to
know what CDs are piled by the stereo. All of these details
offer information about what has happened in an area, and
about the personality of the person who was there.

Tor

A game's tone conveys the general feeling of events. In
written fiction, it's often created by word choice. In cin-
ema, it's handled with camera approach and character
reaction. When someone gets beaten up in They Live, it
doesn't have the gut-wrenching feeling of the torture scene
from Reservoir Dogs. The difference is intended; both mov-
ies have distinct tones. One is lighthearted and over the
top, the other sleazy and intense. Pick a tone for your games


and keep it at the back of your mind while describing
people, scenes and events. Is your game brooding and
methodical, where each act squeezes the vise tighter around
the characters until they explode at the climax? Is it frantic
and hysterical, with the characters always attacking or
retreating, never having a moment to rest and gather their
thoughts? Is it tense and suspicious, with a calm outward
appearance concealing murky intrigues and hidden vio-
lence? Picking a general tone for a story or chronicle gives
your Hunter game a coherence that only strengthens the
more you play.

The trick to using tone is: Keep it consistent. There's
room for different emotions in the same tone structure
(especially if they're used as brief moments of contrast), but
having a predictable tone lets your players suspect (and
dread) what comes next. Tone can therefore be a powerful
tool for building suspense.

Youcan demonstrate your chosen tone with your voice.
Even if your word choice is identical, a scene that's described
ina flat monotone or an ironic sneer has a different feel from
the same scene described in a tense whisper.

You can convey tone with word choice, as well. If your
tone is confusion and distrust, long sentences full of compli-
cated words can inspire those feelings. If you go for a bleak,
heartless and inflexible tone, short words with hard syllables
create that impression. Words full of hisses and sibilance
create a feeling of suspicion and unease.

Finally, you can demonstrate tone through actions, the
people they involve and the settings where they take place.
(More on this appears under Plot and Character, below.)

Rrwosenere

Where tone is "

"what things mean," atmosphere is
more about "how things feel." Most immediately, how
they look. Some artists portray everything with straight
lines and hard, jutting angles. Others use curves and
shades of color to create an entirely different effect. Pick
a "look" for your setting, just as a movie director does for
a film. (Ever notice how almost every episode of The X-
Files has a scene in which flashlight beams pass through
clouds of dust? That's no accident.) Because you describe
events through storytelling rather than show them, you
have a bigger set of tools for establishing atmosphere. It's
not just look. It's the sounds the characters hear, what
they smell, the texture of what they touch and the feeling
in the air. It's everything that's all around them. That's
why it's called atmosphere. Just like tone, a coherent,
thought-out atmosphere can strengthen your chronicle
by making its stories hang together.

While you think about how to describe a scene, pay
attention to subtleties. Color choice can influence how a
scene feels. A room that's draped in pastels makes a
different impression than one that's naked gray concrete.
Scents are an immediate and visceral way to create an

ee J

aA » Gee gat gs Be

ERSTHETRUTH

impression. If someone's bedroom has a thick smell of
jasmine incense, it creates a different feeling than fresh air
and talcum powder. Similarly, temperature can be used to
imply emotional states as well as physical ones. Fear is a
shaky chill. Humiliation is an itchy, prickly heat that's
completely distinct from the hot flush of anger or the warm
glow of contentment.

Just as the tone of individual scenes can contribute to a
story's overall ‘tone, so it is with atmosphere. If you con-
stantly describe items, buildings and people as "angular"
"tall" and "lean," you paint a picture in the minds of players.
They start to perceive —on a subconscious, pre-verbal level
—the uncomfortable starkness of the world their characters
inhabit. You can achieve an entirely different feel by relent-
lessly describing scenes as cluttered, dusty, filled with objects
marked by unidentified smudges of matter. Going the other
way — describing settings that are empty, barren, sterile —
creates yet another atmosphere.

Ifyou apply consistency to your descriptions, your game
develops a feeling of coherence and completion. On the
most practical level, consistency makes it easy for players to
get into the swing of things at the beginning of each session.
More importantly, constancy of atmosphere lets them un-
derstand the setting. Maybe they don't know everything
about it, but it's familiar, even as it's scary and challenging.

Frou Concer v0 Use

Once you decide the general concept, tone and atmo-
sphere of your setting, you have to help your players feel
these foggy concepts. As is implied above, detail is critical.
Just as important is the idea of showing, not telling. Playing
Hunter is interactive. The players don't want to sit back
and passively receive the story. They want to be involved
and figure things out themselves. Your job is to give them
the clues they need. Saying "Brandon Geddes is an evil
man," is boring. Let the characters see Brandon Geddes at
his worst. Not only do they draw their own conclusions,
they know what kind of bad man he is. An unthinking brute
who savages anyone who gets in his way? Calculating and
unemotional, willing to do what it takes to reach his
intellectual goals, but with no passion for his murders? A
misguided maniac who believes that every vile act he does
is in the service of an ultimate good? Maybe he's a vicious
sadist whose "goals" exist only as dubious justifications for
acts of cruelty.

Your chosen atmosphere and tone should be like air:
invisible, unstated, but always present. Don't just tell play-
ers, "Oh, this game is going to emphasize sudden changes,
unexpected twists and bizarre, unsettling events." Just do it.
Similarly, you don't have to let players know about your
chosen atmosphere, or even that there is one. You have to
think about that stuff, but they don't. They feel it, instead.

So, to introduce these hidden strengths to your games,
here's what you have to do:


HUNTER: YHERECKONING

a Nees Ca , &, Sy
© Decide on them in advance. Write them down. Jot machinations of the creatures teaches that the media — and
down a few ideas for concrete details that imply your tone police! — have been compromised. The harder the charac-
and atmosphere. ters fight, the more they should realize the scope of their
© Find other stuff with the right feel. Maybe you like the opposition. Early optimism is revealed as simple ignorance.
movie Seven and want to give your game the same gritty, A few details that play well with this tone include:
freaky, morbid sense. Try to find other movies, novels or © Fairweather friends. People who seem willing to
music with that same creepy aura. Examine them for what help, but who later bail or die.

provides that emotion, and emulate it in your games. This ® Solid friends. Good, decent hunter allies who really j

—

process doesn't even have to be conscious —justbeingaware believe in The Cause.
of the feeling you want to create shapes your voice, word © Layers of the ontiéns'A:-few splashy eaily victories
choice and attitude in the right direction. It's inchoate and

nonverbal, but it works. the world.

© Keep choices in mind when preparing for your games.
Ifyou know several places the hunters ate likely to go, think

antic, frenzied

that mean less and less as the characters learn more about
Hysteria and Confusion. There's is y

ft salsa parelifely ogo race from desperate battle to hiding-hole, and back again.
of how tone and atmosphere come through in those loca- The characters get caught up in events and struggles beyond

ae Skint a an their comprehension and are tossed hither and yon by the
with a particular Storyteller character, make sure youknow forces involved. They're not movers and shakers; they're the

how that person fits into the larger emotional environment moved and shaken, trying to find a way to survive until they
iChYOUE story: figure out what's going on.
‘Sametz T ones This can be an easy tone to run, but a hard one to

Paranoia. The hunters know what's going on, but they _ maintain. Itrequires constant pressure, and that can become
can't convince the unthinking sheep who surround them. _ exhausting ifunrelieved. The trick to making this work (and
The undead have almost inconceivable influence over the to making it fun) is to get the players to put pressure on
world of the living, and they use it ruthlessly to suppress the themselves. If you attack the characters the first few times
truth about themselves. Everyone's either a dupe or an _ they think they're safe, pretty soon they never feel completely
enemy. Anyone can betray you — often with the best safe. Note that you shouldn't attack characters every time
intentions. ("Honey, these men are going to take yousome- _ they stop to rest. Otherwise players get discouraged or
where you can get the help you need.") Secrecy is your only _ characters start setting traps all the time. What you need to
hope. Trust no one. do is create the fear of imminent attack.

As a paranoia-themed game progresses, make sure to All the details from the paranoia tone can work here,
keep removing thingsacharacterthinksshecanrelyon.The too, but they need to be followed up immediately by enemy
bank forecloses on her house, her kids are taken away by action. Other details that help:
family services, her friends betray her (either deliberately or © Unending opponents. The characters rarely see the
by being duped), and even her allies start to seem suspicious. same goon twice. Sure, there is a recurring big villain, but he
A few details that could create paranoia include: or she always has a fresh supply of ruthless muscle to throw
© Infuriating events. Have the phone ring incessantly, _ at the characters.
When a character picks up the receiver, the person on the © Overwhelming forces. Make sure characters under-
other end hangs up. stand that sometimes they have to run. Make a blatant show
© Suspicious events. Long black sedans with tinted of overwhelming force ("Out in the darkness, you can see at
windows. There always seems to be one around, but they all least 50 glowing eyes, coming in fast!") so hunters know
have different license plates. their only chance of survival is to flee. When they win a
fight, it should be because they were backed into a corner or
because they planned a counterstrike carefully and well.

© Peculiar behavior. People stare at the characters in
public, even when they aren't doing anything unusual.
It's Almost within Reach. The supernatural has hid- © Close to home. Kill characters' friends and neighbors.
Anyone who helps them isa legitimate target. (You can also
brainwash friends and neighbors for variety.)

den among normal people for ages, but its time has come.
Technology makes monsters' advantages obsolete. All it
takes is a cadre of dedicated, well-armed hunters to reveal The Dying of the Light. This approach doesn't cast

them to the mortal world, and then the real purification hunters as hopeless so much as irrelevant. The unliving
can begin. shrug off their attacks. When a zombie is cut down ot a

shapechanger is eliminated, another simply comes along to
take its place. Eventually the characters start asking if it's
even worth it. Nothing seems to make a difference. Nothing
changes. Nothing gets better. A particularly effective way to
work this tone is to have a sneaky undead creature use the

The twin themes of this concept are hope and frustra-
tion. Every time the characters think they almost have the
problem solved, it becomes apparent that it's worse than
feared. Knocking off relatively weak monsters brings hunters
to the attention of stronger ones. Trying to reveal the


a » We pat gs Bs

hunters as weapons against its enemies. When uncovered,
this mastermind offers them a chance to make a real differ-
ence against the legions of the undead — but only against
those who have offended the thing. The characters can
refuse, of course, but then they have no direct opportunities
to attack the creatures behind it all.

The biggest danger with this kind of tone is making
enemies limitless and thus depressing players instead of
characters. To avoid this undesirable result, make sure that
you reward players when they have the guts to stick to their
guns. Not every time characters do the right thing and
refuse to give up the fight — that's too easy. Maybe one
time in three or four, just enough to keep players and
characters going.

Details that really bring out this tone include:

© Denial of comfort. Friends and loved ones who don't
understand, and who bega character to give up the fight (and
probably to get some therapy).

© Separation from the past.
(money gets tight, a character misses his kid's school play, a
lover leaves) that do not pay off. At least, not immediately.

Sacrifices for the hunt

© Reminders of pain. Even after injuries have healed on
cter sheets, old leg gashes twinge, a poorly healed
n.arm stings, or that wrenched shoulder feels sore. The
rules may not penalize characters, but make sure they know
their bodies are being punished (after all, half

the fun of an action movie is watching

the hero keep going even though

he's bruised and begrimed).

Srowets Rr mospnenes
The Beautiful People. The
characters deal with people who (

CHAPYERS:THE TRUTH

together. They're on the fast tracks in their careers, they
have spending money and good taste, and the ugly details of
life are beneath their notice. Too bad they have spirits
hanging around like flies over a dead skunk.

This atmosphere is particularly good when used for
contrast. Everything looks great — it's only when you pry up
the lid that you realize these beautiful people have hideous
problems. You can go one of two routes with this setup. One
is that their fair fagade hides moral corruption. The other is
that they're defenseless people who must be protected from
the supernatural dangers that their very beauty and happin
attract (there's no reason to pick one or the other, of course).

Details that emphasize an upper-class atmosphere include:

© Good looks. Emphasize again and again how every-
one the characters meet is well dressed, has great hair,
perfect skin, gorgeous clothes. Even the people who
aren't blessed with attractive features had poise and grace
hammered into them at finishing school.

© Blasé wealth. If you're rich and you knew only rich
people as you grew up, you don't really care about status
symbols like nice cars and expensive watches. You simply
assume that everyone drives a Mercedes and has a cell phone

a

the size of a pinkie finger. This approach is especially effective
if the players' characters aren't used to plush surroundings.

© Brand names. Hey, Madison Avenue has spent mil-
lions creating knee-jerk associations with certain brands.
Check out Bret Easton Ellis' American Psycho for an extreme
example of this technique.

Down and Dirty. The exact opposite of the previous
atmosphere casts the characters into a setting that concen-
trates on the disenfranchised and downtrodden — everyone
from the marginalized, uneducated working class down to
the genuinely homeless. (Imagine a Hunter chronicle in
which the characters are migrant workers, living hand to
mouth while trying to eradicate the undead.)

Thissetting is good when you want tocrank up Hunter's
"righteous fury" elements. Here are people who have shitty
schools, who suffer malign police neglect in their neighbor-
hoods, and who have become handy political scapegoats
because they don't have clout — all good reasons for mon-
sters to prey on them, too.

Details to include:

© Mundane horrors. Slavering vampires aren't required
for people to die in this milieu. Poor, old people die in the
summer because their air conditioning is cut off. The home-
less freeze to death in droves during winter. Maybe characters
encounteracop who could do something to improve his beat,
but he just doesn't give a damn. And that's all without
recourse to the nightmares of inner-city drug culture. (Check
out Clockers, by Richard Price for a clear vision ofa cocaine-
driven underclass.)

© Dirt and clutter. Just as everything looks nice for the
beautiful people, everything is dirty and broken for the
underclass. Even new buildings and objects look cheap and
shoddy — they just wait to fall apart.

® Sickness. Working and living in tight confines makes
it easy for cold and flu bugs to spread. A persistent cough
going around a neighborhood, factory or housing project can
serve as an unspoken reminder of the social ills that spread
just as invisibly.

The Lunatic Fringe. Who believes in werewolves and
vampires? The same people who believe that the CIA
tampered with their LSAT scores, because keeping them out
of law school was a crucial step in the Roswell cover up.

A conspiracy atmosphere works particularly well with
a paranoia tone. The former can also add an element of
self-doubt to Hunter's stew of outward-directed fear. If
the characters can get help only from people who are
obviously a few cans short of a case, the hunters' own
sanity is called into question. Finding sympathy among
crazies also raises the fear that these people are right about
other things, as well.

Details of the lunatic fringe include:

© Bizarre connections. Conspiracy theories tend to be
all-inclusive. Weather control, the Elders of Zion, the IRS,

|
J
!
|
|

vampires, space aliens and (of course) JFK are all connected
— all facets of one master plan.

© Poor social skills. Lunatics aren't eloquent. They
speak intently, they use a lot of big words in the wrong places,
and they don't bathe or brush their teeth quite as often as
they should.

© Cluttered information. Books, blurred photographs,
scratchy audio tapes and countless notebooks full of ram-
bling notations are the earmarks of a good lunatic. There
should always be a new weird thing just lying around when-
ever the characters visit

The Secret World. While this atmosphere is superfi-
cially similar to the Lunatic Fringe, it has a great deal more
immediate worth — the truth isn't out there, it's right here.
You just have to be an "insider" to find out about it.

The scary part about the secret world is that it implies
the characters have wasted their lives to this point — and
that all their "normal" friends and loved ones are just dupes
who don't really matter. The important people are the ones
with power. Of course, Hunter at its core is already about the
secret world, that of monsters. But imagine others in the
same setting — circles within circles. Monsters? What about
all the clones...?

Details that make a secret-world atmosphere work ar
© Passwords. Every subculture has slang. If the charac-
ters learn that the phrase, "You deserve a break today," is a
signal meaning, "I'm ready to help vampires take over the
world," it naturally makes them nervous to order a burger.
The more common and innocuous the phrase, the better.

© Mysterious friends and mysterious enemies. Someone
you don't know who tries to harm you is frightening. Some-
one you don't know who tries to help you (for unknown
reasons) can be even more frightening.

* Hidden places. Conceal locations within locations.
The outer, visible locale is as mundane as can be — a gas
station, a split-level suburban ranch, a small busines:
Inside that location is a secret meeting place for Those
Who Know. This approach is especially effective if you can
establish the outer location as a bland feature of the
characters' daily lives. ("Damn! I went to this laundromat
for years and never suspected it had a basement — let alone
this basement.")

Sawrts Servine Devas

Animals. No matter what atmosphere or tone you're
looking for, animals can be used in a variety of ways. They
can imply character (someone who owns a savage, barking
Doberman is likely to be very different from someone who
spoils and coos over a purebred Abyssinian cat). Animals
can also reveal a lot about a location. (What does it mean
when no birds sing in the woods? What does it mean when
an apartment is full of roaches and rats?)

Books, Records and Videotapes. The best way to get
a glimpse into someone's mind is to check out what they

natn el Se eg Nees ee

—

a

|
4
(

|

ess .-§. NEY eee

v

read and listen to. If someone has vintage Tiger Beat
magazines lying atop a Rock of the 80s CD, you can make
a few shrewd guesses about their tastes. On the other
hand, someone with S&M porn in the VCR and death
metal blaring out of the stereo probably embraces a
different aesthetic

Clothes Make the Monster. What people wear says a
lot about them. Someone in cutoffs and a faded T-shirt may
not have a big clothing budget — or maybe values comfort
over appearance. A haute couture gown may cost the same
amount of money as a conservative business suit, but it
makes a distinct statement about the values of the w
The right clothing details can reveal culture, history and
personality, without having to come right out and say it.

Poor

A story can have an elaborate, well-conceived setting
and still be boring if the action is no good. The Storyteller
system places a great deal of emphasis on a particular plot
structure, called a chronicle. Whereas other games set up an
unstructured series of events — the heroes go here, do this,
then go there, do that, in an unconnected string of adven-
tures — Storyteller games emphasize a definite beginning
and end, with structure between to make the connection
mean something.

arer.

To put it another way, many games are picaresque —
like a sitcom, there are numerous episodes, but they're
connected only by the characters and setting. There's very
little "carry over" between events. Stories don't affect each
other. The chronicle structure makes Storyteller games
more like a movie, where every scene contributes to the
overall movement of the story.

Pcasnine YourPLor

Before the game begins, you need to have an idea of
what your chronicle is about. To know that, you have to
know the elements of plot. They are: premise, rising action,
climax and falling action.

The premise is the basic idea of the plot: the starting
point. It can be something simple: "Inner-city gangsters
decide to kick the undead off their turf by using plenty of
violence." Or more complicated: "Rock band decides to
alert the world to the presence of the unliving,"

Rising action is a series of conflicts and setbacks that
prevent or delay the characters from accomplishing their
goal. Maybe the undead fight back against the gangsters and
wipe out most of their allies. Maybe the rock band loses its
record contract because of undead interference. There are a
lot of different ways in which characters can respond to the
conflicts of rising action. As Storyteller, you have to be
prepared to roll with the punches. You also need to have
conflicts ready to impede the characters, no matter what

they do.
The climax is when the situation comes to a head.
This is the big confrontation, when the characters have a

chance to make a permanent change to their situation (for
good or for ill). A climax can simply be the granddaddy of
all fight scenes, or it can be a more subtle internal conflict.
For example, the gangsters might simply have to shoot
their way through a housing complex full of zombielike
servants in order to face the chief of the local undead.
Then, they have a tremendous fight with him and either
win (becoming the new local crime lords) or they lose
(becoming worm food — or more likely, becoming loath-
some servants of the undead). That's pretty cool — but
imagine sticking some Luke Skywalker/ Darth Vader ac-
tion in there, too.

The gangsters fight their way through the legions of
underlings — but now, when they confront the chief of the
undead, he offers them a deal:

"T''mimpressed. I never dreamed that mere mortals could get
so far. You have earned my respect." With a mocking smile, he
applauds you. "You can try to destroy me now, if you wish — or
you can join me. I can offer younot only wealth, but power. How
would you like to dominate the minds of your fellows? How would
you like the power to shrug off gunshots? How would you like...
to live forever?"

Now the characters have a real quandary. They can
stick to their guns, have a big, chancy fight, and maybe come
out on top. Or they can throw in with their enemy and get
awhole new world of troubles and opportunities. Either way,

things can get very interesting.

That leads us to falling action — the aftermath of the
climax. You can't (or shouldn't) force your players to choose
only one option at the climax. (Nothing bothers players like
being pushed around by the Storyteller. They might as well
be watching TV if they have no real control of their
characters' choices.) Once the choice has been made, it's
your job to show the consequences of the decision. These
can be good, bad or (most likely) mixed. Let's suppose the
gangsters tell their low-rent Mephistopheles to go screw,
and they manage to dust him after a tough fight. The
repercussions could include:

© They're now crime kings of their neighborhood, with
all the money and perks (and headaches) that implies.

© The police start cracking down on the gang because
no one is using mind control to keep them back.

© Other undead creatures try to ally with the characters
because they're obviously a force to contend with.

© One or more characters might have died in the final
conflict. How do their families and friends react? How do the
other hunters react?

Stories are tools for exploring ideas, and storytelling
games are no different. Decide in advance what big ques-
tion you want to ask your players through the story. Having
that goal makes building plots much simpler. You can
figure out how to get there, but only if you know where
you're going.

CHAPYERS:THE YRUTH


<i ee SE Loe Wes Py eee gO eee

—

HUNTER: THERECKONING

‘Sawetz Prov Frameworts

I Want to Believe. The characters are primarily inves-
tigators. They don't understand the new world of mysterious
power and fearsome unlife that they've entered, but they
want to. Rather than exterminators, the hunters see them-
selves as explorers, trying to find the truth about these
strange phenomena. Some climactic questions for this frame-
work might be:

© When is the price of knowledge too high? What if
learning the ultimate truth means allying with the forces you
once fought?

* Once you understand, what do you do with your
knowledge?

© What questions
much information?

Here There Be Monsters. The hunters are less con-
cerned with understanding and more concerned with bloody
carnage. Like Eliot Ness and the Untouchables, they wage
war, plain and simple. This is an action-oriented chronicle,
but there's still room for tough moral decisions, such as:

ouldn't be asked? What's too

® Victory with honor, or victory at any price? Are the
hunters willing to accept "collateral damage" to mortals?
What if it's the only way?

® Are they all really monsters? What happens if the
hunters discover that some of the beings identified as
"unnatural creatures" don't seem to be all that evil or
dangerous? If they decide to fight a war of extermination,
are they really any better than the worst of their prey? On
the other hand, once you start making exceptions, where
do you stop?

© What's the ultimate result of wiping out the enemy?
What can be left for hunters after that?

Strange Bedfellows. Some hunters may soon learn (or
intuit) that the supernatural isn'ta united conspiracy against
humanity. They may choose to side with one group or
another in order to harm another, more dangerous faction.
This option raises the following questions:

© Why would the unliving trust mortals? One side
might use the hunters and then claim common cause with
the other in order to discard the characters.

© What about other hunters? Some who've heard the
Call are pretty militant about any alliances with unnatural
beings. There's no enemy more dangerous than a traitor,
after all. The characters may find themselves pursued by
their fellow imbued.

© Who bells the cat? What if, once the struggle between
the two undead factions is resolved, the hunters' "allies" are
now in a position of tremendous strength? Do the hunters
betray them (at great risk to themselves) or throw in with an
enemy they once despised?

I Ney Cane , , Sa

Russe YourPtor

You have an overreaching plot framework for your
chronicle. Now you can build individual, smaller conflicts
into game sessions to provide variety while working toward
the final climax. These subplots all have the same structure
as the large plot, they're just on a smaller scale.

A "hook" replaces the premise step. This is just some-
thing that gets the hunters interested or involved in the
event you have planned. You have to take care with the
initial plot hook, though. If the hunters don't bite, they're
likely to go off on some tangent of their own, and all the work
you've invested into developing the story is wasted. Some-
times, tangents developed by players provide a great deal of
interest, though.

The easiest ways to hook characters all come down to
self-interest. You can hold out something they want, like
information. ("In the dead creature's day planner, you find
a notation for something called ‘the Grand Sacrifice' right
above a downtown address. It's scheduled five days from
now....") You can also do this by threatening something the
characters already have. ("You hear your wife's voice for
only a moment before the creature's sickening rasp comes
back on the phone. ‘If you want to see her alive — or at least
mobile — ever again, here's what you have to do....")

Next comes the individual story's rising action: The
hunters take various steps to secure a favorable outcome, and
they face various antagonistic forces. If they succeed during
the rising action, the climax is made easier. If they fail, the
climax is more risky or requires greater sacrifice.

The climax of a subplot occurs when characters con-
front the source of the problem. Doing so should (one way or
another) bring them closer to the climax of your overall
chronicle plot. Evena failure ina subplot (the hunters do not
prevent the Great Sacrifice, or the hunter's wife is killed)
can steel their resolve to pursue the greater goal.

Finally, your subplots need to have consequences. Oth-
erwise the players have little reason to care if their characters
succeed or fail. If the hunters interrupt the Great Sacrifi
they should learn a little more about the big plans of the local
undead. If the character's wife is rescued (or gets turned
undead, for that matter), she should be in a position to
explain some things to them.

Suis Por Etewenrs

Too Good to be True? The characters run across
something that seems remarkably useful/ attractive/ good
to them. It could be an eccentric millionaire who might
possibly be persuaded to fund their harebrained schemes. It
could be an abandoned church that somehow "feels right"
to them. It could be a really nice woman who moves in next
door and seems friendly. The question is: Can they trust
appearances? After all, itcould be a trap set by their devious
supernatural enemies.

natin =n ay eet te

—

|

(


CHAPTERS: THE TRUTH

Damsel in Distress. A classic. This subplot is any-
thing but subtle. Someone (not necessarily female, of
course, but someone sympathetic and/or helpless) is seized
by the enemy for unspeakable purposes and is held in a
reputedly impregnable fortress. It's up to the hunters to go
to the rescue.

The Prize. The hunters learn of some object of tremen-
dous power/ influence/ value, and decide to steal/ find/
acquire it. Of course, they're not the only ones who have
designs on the Maltese Falcon/ Ark of the Covenant/ Spear
of Destiny. There are competitors willing to kill anyone who
stands between them and the item.

Red Alert. Something big and dangerous rampages
near the hunters' home, and they decide to nail it before it
can find and destroy them one by one. The threat may be
more than a match forall the hunters put together, meaning
they have to get help or come up with some clever strategy
to give them a decisive advantage.

Sronvretum Cuanacrins

While the hunters are the protagonists or main charac-
ters of the story, they meet lots of other people (and sentient
beings) in the course of the chronicle. One actor plays all
these "supporting cast" members — you.

Portraying different characters is a critical skill for a
Storyteller. A complicated plot can fail if your characters are
all so similar that the players can't tell the difference be-
tween them — or don't care. Similarly, the best tone and
atmosphere in the world won't make players care about the
fate of boring characters. ("Why should I risk my life for
them? They all suck!")

As Storyteller, you have a broader task than do the
players when it comes to characterization. After all, each of
them has only a single person to deal with — you have
dozens. Their characters are "on-stage" all the time, though,
whereas yours go through in rapid succession. Thus, while
you need more characters, not all of them need to be
developed fully. This isn't an excuse to get lazy, of course.
But just as a few telling details can convey the impression of
an entire room, a few words and gestures can tell the hunters

all they need to know about a minor contributor.

Burne Your Gnaencr srs

When designing characters for your hunter group to
meet, keep the setting and plot in mind. Every element —
especially characters — should support those aspects of your
chronicle. Ask yourself the following questions:

What is this character's function within the plot? A
minor antagonist? A mysterious stranger with available
information? An ally? A red herring?

How does this character fit in the tone and atmo-
sphere of the setting? Is the character the embodiment of
certain facet of the tone? Or does she illuminate the atmo-

sphere by contrast — being the only person who seems
immune to the general feel of events?

imma ae ert ee | © Sa


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

These questions give you an idea of the character's
| purpose, and how to present her. Once you have these
basics down, you can decide how much attention you need
to spend on the character's personality. A gas-station
attendant who saw a ghost? The hunters may speak to him
only one time, so he doesn't need to have stats, Traits or a
thoroughly realized motivation. A major ally or a promi-
nent enemy? That's a different matter. Someone the
characters are going to encounter again and again needs to
have depth and complexity.

When building a prominent Storyteller character, start
with Nature and Demeanor, just as if you were a player
building a character. Put some thought into how the out-
ward signs of the individual's personality depend on those
two pillars. Figure out how the character pursues her goals
(| (and what those goals are). Only when you know who the

character is, what she's doing and why, should you worry
* about putting numbers to the beast.

Few people ever think, "I'm evil. I'm doing the wrong
thing and I love it." The mustache-twirling villain is a
stereotype that rarely occurs in reality. Worse, the black-
hatted villain has been used so often that it'sa cliché —more
a joke than a menace. When people do bad things, they
usually have some rationale behind it. "It was him or me."
"It's for the greater good. I was just serving my country." "He
was standing in the way of progress." "I lost control because
she provoked me." Everyone wants to feel like a hero. The
scariest people are often the ones who use the end to justify
the means.

Granted, there are sadists and bullies and various
psychopathic freaks out there — especially in the World of

Darkness. They make good villains in the short term, but
asteady diet of blood-lusting undead can become indigest-

wm Pey

ible. Likewise, an endless array of devious schemers who
weep and beg for mercy when they'te finally confronted
gets tiresome. And a set of honorable, pleasant, but utterly
ruthless and misguided antagonists is repetitive. Change it

up. Keep your players guessing, or they'll get bored. Ifevery
| major combat opponent is a big bruiser in a leather jacket,

there's nothing to make this week's episode different from
last week's. By utilizing enemies with different tastes,
methods and motivations, you can test all of the hunters'
limits and abilities — not just their edges, social skills or
combat abilities.

The numbers are really the least important part. Just try
to keep your character balanced so he poses an appropriate
challenge to the players' characters. Minorantagonists should
be weaker than individual characters — dangerous if they
have superior numbers or get really lucky, but not much of
a threat one on one. More significant antagonists should
match the characters — maybe not in the same areas, but
should be of roughly equivalent power. Major chronicle-
shaking enemies (should you need one) can face down a
whole pack of hunters. But make sure there's a legitimate

ee

way for the hunters to win — it doesn't have to be easy or
obvious or even fair, but it should exist.

Something to keep in mind about your stories: It isn't
"you against them." It's not Storyteller versus players, and
never should be, even though you control the antagonists.
Your job isn't to ladle out crushing defeat. That's frustrating
for players and boring for you. Your job is to set up a challenge
— to create enough doubt and tension that victory means
something when, and if, it is achieved.

Davorsrear ic Cuanncrer

You demonstrate character with your voice, almost to
the exclusion of everything else. If you have the skill to draw
a picture of a Storyteller character, or the patience to find
one that fits, that helps. But mostly it's the words you choose
that bring your character to life. You accomplish this with
dialogue and description.

Dialogue is when you speak in a character's voice —
having an in-character conversation with the protagonists.
This is a chance for your acting skills to shine. Change your
tenor. If you usually have a clear, low voice, try speaking in
a high, scratchy tone for one particular character. Use
whispers, slang or accents if you think you can pull it off
(even if you can't, there's always a place for comic relief).
The human voice isa versatile instrument; don't be afraid to
stretch your boundaries. (It's all in fun, right?) If you're shy
or self-conscious, reserve unusual voices for minor charac-
ters. Doing so serves two purposes. You rarely use the voice
you don't trust. And it makes that minor character more
memorable and distinctive.

Description can also be used to demonstrate character,
and all the tricks that apply to tone and atmosphere apply
here, too. Explain what a character looks like. Tell how she
acts. Detail how she dresses, what she drives, how people
look at her, what she smells like. Just like describing a
setting, find concrete details that stand for intangible quali-
ties, and stress those details.

Portraying a character through description can play
back into your atmosphere. Suppose a femme fatale interacts
with one of your more libidinous hunters. The bland descrip-
tion, "she's a real hottie," doesn't do much. Here are two
descriptions for a beautiful woman — from chronicles with
radically different atmospheres.

Rachel is a lush, curvy redhead with skin like a ripe peach.
She's wearing a clingy dress that matches her hair. It looks
strained to its limits, waiting for her to spill out of it like a harvest
pouring out of a cornucopia. She's licking an ice cream cone, and
her plum lips smile as you walk into view.

You're waiting at the comer when Beth steps out of the fog.
Her long jacket is trimmed with fur, and tight black gloves grip
every inch of her long, delicate fingers. Above the dark fur, her
smooth, pale skin seems to glow like moonlight. Her mouth is
narrow but heavy, and it always seems pursed in tentative
apprehension. Mostly though, you notice her eyes. Big, dark,
deep, they always seem poised to spill a tear.

i oe I a Nes ote

— - Sm m

a

as
ssiieciee

ee

A » Wee pat gs es

Don't forget your inflections when you speak about a
character. You'd be surprised how much a description of a
seemingly nice, wholesome person can be undermined by an
ironic or threatening tone of voice.

A final tool to remember for establishing identity is
your body. Change posture to reflect the character you
portray. If he's a tiny person, hunch up. If he's big and brash,
stand tall and look down on your players. Someone who's
hesitant and nervous might perpetually pull at her lower lip.
Facial expressions can speak volumes, and a well-timed
facial tic can add a whole new layer of meaning to what a
character says.

Srumrte Cunzacren Quaurries
Energy Level. Is the character blasé and relaxed, no
ter what happens, or is she always jumpy, energetic and
fidgety? Someone who's usually wide-awake and intent, but
is now quiet and still, can be remarkably spooky.
Attitude Toward Others. Does this person act superior
and snobby? Friendly and welcoming? Formal and polite?

Habits. Is the character always filing her nails? Brush-
ing hair back from her forehead? Smacking her lips or
grinning nervously? Buying lottery tickets and cursing when
she loses?

Bit Characters. Not all people and monsters whom the
characters face should be powerful, magic-wielding forces of
nature. Not all of them should get character sheets or even
statistic profiles. If a Storyteller character has a minor role,
especially in combat against the hunters, let him be a throw-
away character —a minor opponent whom the protagonists
dispense with quickly. Chapter 7 details "streamlined" health
levels (p. 202) for short-term opponents. Use these types of
characters when you want a horde of henchmen or zombies
to intercept or deter the hunters, but not stop them cold or
kill them outright. Such "bit characters" therefore play their
role by presenting obstacles and creating drama, but they
don't slow down your main narrative. Wait till the players'
characters face their primary enemies before you pull out all
Trait, power and health level stops.

Tie Parr cutarsor
Srorvrstime Games

So far, this section has dealt with the "story" elements of
storytelling games. Now it's time to address the "game" aspect
— the part that makes this form of storytelling unique.

‘Coorsnar ive EFFORT

When a novelist sits down to churn out a book, the
characters don't rebel. James Cameron didn't have to worry
that the protagonist of Titanic might shrug, grunt and say,
"Let the rich ho take care of herself for once!" A Storyteller,
on the other hand, has to accept the free will of the players
in her game. Without that element, the whole exercise

becomes one of manipulation and frustration.

You're the Storyteller. You have tremendous power to
interpret the rules, to generate and modify the background,
to introduce events and to adjudicate them as they occur.
You run things. But deep within the heart of each player is
a little voice that says, "You ain't the boss of me." And that
voice is right. Everything you do, you should do to challenge,
intrigue, fascinate and entertain your players. Never forget
that you do it all for them.

Along with your authority, you're responsible to the
players. You owe them challenges, invention and fairness.
Now, "fairness" doesn't mean that every fight should be a fair
one. Hell, no! It means you should stick to the premise of
your game, that you should be fair to the setting as you've
defined it. If the players screw up in some ghastly, stupid
fashion, it's only fair for you to school them hard for it. If you
let them off the hook, you don't do them any favors. You're
making the game less challenging and less fun in the long
run. Similarly, ifthe playersdo something brilliant and tidily
sidestep one of your challenges, you owe them a reward.
Failing to recognize inventiveness, cleverness and staying in
character is just as much a violation of the setting as giving
players breaks or setting up low hurdles.

In the final analysis, that's what cooperative effort
means. You provide a setting, plot and a series of challenges.
They provide interesting characters, and they decide how to
navigate your challenges. Maybe they make bad decisions
and call vast trouble onto their own heads. That's fine.

Maybe they succeed, gain tremendous advantages, and then
abuse them in some disgusting or infuriating fashion. You
may not like it, but you have to respect their choice.

Ayo Now, a Word on Grains

At some point you may run into a situation like this:
The hunters head toward the lair of some funk-ugly king
monster. One of its brainwashed servants lies in wait with a
12-gauge. One of your best players has his character lead the
way. He's playing right, not taking any stupid chances, but
the player blows an easy Perception roll — the goon with the
gun gets the drop on him. Usually no problem, but that
player also manages to screw up his initiative roll. Still not
too bad (you think); maybe the outclassed goon softens him
up before the hunter creams him. Then you roll the shotgun
damage and it's all 10s. Yikes! But the hunter has a high
Stamina. He'll surely soak some of those — but no.

A series of weird die rolls has just wiped out a good
character. That's bad. But what feels intolerable is that the
character has died for no good reason.

There's two ways you can handle such a scenario: strict
or loose. The strict way is to let the dice fall where they may.
Hey, hunting the unknown is dangerous stuff, and people die
from stupid, meaningless accidents every day. If the other
characters pull him out of the fire with some fancy Defender
or Martyr stuff, maybe they can bring him through it, but the
rules are the rules and the players knew the risks going in.

CHAPYERS:YHEY RUTH

es wad

|

"|

%

|

L

HUNTER: YHERECKONING

The loose way is to let the other players think the
character is dead. Let the player think his character is dead,
too. Run the rest of the session, possibly with that player
taking the role of an ally or bystander so that he still gets
some action. Then, right before everyone leaves, take the
player aside and say something like:

You wake up in terrible, terrible pain. The last thing you
remember is the smell of gun smoke, a crashing noise and a bright
light. Your eyes open wide. Looming over you is the hideous face
of the vampire Hovorka. He giggles, leans in and whispers, "Your
friends left you for dead, but I knew better. You're going to be my
toy. Understand? And it's gonna be forever!"

On one hand, you've spared the character the ignominy
ofa pointless death at the hands of a minor opponent. That's
mercy. On the other hand, none of the other hunters know
the character is alive, and now he's the enslaved servant of
a psycho vampire. So no one can really argue that you took
it easy on him.

You "cheated," but you've been fair to the player and
fair to the setting. Most importantly, you've created a chal-
lenge — one that can push your plot forward, instead of
halting it.

_—— | ry

TeeUrooecrd

At some point, players make decisions you haven't
anticipated. It could be a big thing or a little thing. It
could be a decision that helps them, or one that puts them
in unnecessary danger. It could be something that doesn't
really change things, or it could threaten to derail your
plot completely.

There's a strong impulse to punish players when they
"go rogue," but resist that urge. If you do your job right, they
have no way of knowing what's coming. It's hardly fair to
blame them for messing up a future they aren't even sup-
posed to suspect. You have to suck it up.

If you're good, you can wing it and think up stuff on the
fly. Your players may not even suspect that they run into
things you never planned. Still, don't be afraid to declare a
little pause and wander off to the bathroom for a meditation
break. You may find that taking a deep breath and asking
yourself, "What's the logical result of this?" does the trick. If
not, stall them until the end of the game session and think
about it at leisure until you get a solid idea.

er


Sah 2 Bae pet gs Es

Most unexpected derailments are minor, but if you run
into something major, or if they become more and more
frequent, you may want to take a step back and consider the
structure of your chronicle. For instance, suppose you envi-
sionedan epicof schemingand plottingand subtle maneuvers,
but your players consistently choose the "grab the guns and
kick ass" option.

Maybe you should give them what they want — not in
the sense of providing paper tigers and meaningless victo-
ries, but by giving them the challenges they want to explore.
Of course, this doesn't mean changing horses mid-race,
unless your current horse is dead. A radically changed
chronicle is better than one that gets scrapped — as long as
you change it to provide more fun for your players.

Tue Tex Commanducnrs

® Involve Players Whenever Possible: Incorporate
their ideas and backgrounds into your city and chronicle.
Doing so interests them immediately, gives them a voice in
your story, and can go a long way toward forestalling un-
pleasant surprises. The players' characters should be the
most important — though not necessarily the most powerful
— ones in your chronicle. It's well worth your time to work
with players to develop their characters, even between game

© Be Aware of Players' Expectations: Giving play-
ers the general kind of challenge they want is a good
thing. On the other hand, being predictable is not. If the
characters think vampires are sleek, powerful predators,
you can change it up on them by presenting a neonate
vampire who's psychologically codependent on his living
girlfriend. Or introduce a vampire with little brainpower
and impulse control, but lots of wicked powers. Or some-
thing that looks like a vampire but is a creature of a
different nature entirely.

* Work Things out in Advance: Every erg of effort you
spend preparing saves you 10 ergs of desperation during the
actual game. If you know in advance what's in a place, or
what motivates an important character, then you pay more

CHAPTERS: THEY RUTH

attention to describing what you know instead of making
things up on the spot.

* Story First, Rules Second: Rules are tools. Use
them, but don't let them trap you. If you make the odd
change here or there to encourage the flow of the story, no
one will notice — or at least care.

© Description, Dialogue and Action: Intense, well-
imagined description creates a sense of immediacy. It makes
people pay attention to the story. Interesting, consistent,
frequent action keeps them interested. Hook them by mak-
ing it feel real. Reel them in by making them want to know
how it turns out.

® Avoid Stereotypes: Perfect examples of type are
rare. People who try to fit into a stereotype usually do so to
cover up some secret insecurity, and (on close inspection)
may not be able to carry it off. People who naturally tend
toward being stereotypes often rebel against being just like
everyone else, and may go to great lengths to show that
they're unique.

© Be Fair to Your Setting: If the players work hard and
make smart decisions, their characters' success must be in
proportion to the challenges faced, or the players will feel
cheated. Conversely, don't reward characters if they don't
earn it or the reward will be hollow.

* Don't Tell Them Everything: Much of the chal-
lenge of a game is in the mystery, the parts of the story that
you hold back for the players and their characters to discover
on their own,

* Don't Abuse Your Power: Remember that you're
there to provide entertainment for the players, as well as for
yourself. Respect your control over their characters. You
both initiate and arbitrate events. Use your power to pro-
long the story, not to force your friends to play out your
vision of how their characters should act.

© Don't Panic: If the players pull the rug out from
under you, don't be afraid to call a break and take some
time to collect your thoughts. It may happen a lot at first,
but after a while you will be able to handle anything they
throw at you.


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

ea es 2 5

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit!_ Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site: [http://www hunter "net org/hone/chat.htal

f g a ! L! \ i)
-On H/aleuuie ty iliniee-alat

Email Program

Subject: [ (No Subject)

To: | hunter. list@hunter-net.org e) [e))

From:| sender unidentified

Get
Meee Messages

Copied To:|

So youare the ones who have recently made my life so... interesting. Good. Finding
you this way only makes the game more entertaining. Now I know who moves the
opposing pieces, whose wits | match. I should warn you that I have been at this a very
long time. I may take your King — or, better yet, your Queen — without you ever
knowing. Or I might announce my next move before it is even made, just to watch you
fret and squirm.

Alas, I know that our match will be short-lived. While your bodies seem invested with
intriguing powers that challenge my own, your minds are still mortal, still weak. The
humanity that defines you, that drives you, that inspires you is also your undoing. That
is why I abandoned mine ages ago.


a Ney CG,

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Sao ae =

a ""CHAPT ER:
THE ENEMY
‘L, (ANTAGONISTS

= aie t a —_— |

They gather themselves together against the soul
of the righteous, and condemn the innocent blood.
— Psalms 94:21

tick tock tick tock I was already in the hospital when all that weird stuff
dong dong dong happened with the first site. I'm still a little unclear about
click clack click click what happened and what it all means, but when I recon-

drip nected to the web two weeks ago and somehow found this

site again, Witness! asked me to share my expertise with all
the newcomers. (I'm still not sure how I found the original
site again, since any search engines I used reported nothing
even remotely connected with us real hunters. But here's
hunter-net, back again. I'm just glad it's been restored, and
I don't want to ask too many questions how.)

drip... drip

Myllife iscurrently defined by repetitioussounds. There's
the grandfather clock actually given to me by my grandfa-
ther. And my computer keyboard. Most importantly, most
notably, there's my IV drip. These sounds are the extent of
my life, and they have been for a couple months, ever since
a confused and betrayed creature slashed off my legs.

If you are new to this site, if you have been imbued only
recently, then you don't know that I always have a lot to say
on the subject of the beings we face. On the basis of my posts
tothe first site, Witness asked me to collect my information
and expound upon it.

This essay, this work in progress, is hotlinked under my
hunter handle, Bookworm55. That's extraneous informa-
tion to provide here in the body of the text, but I want to
emphasize it because it means I was part of the first hunter-
net. In case you didn't know, everybody with a handle below
124 was on the original site.

nan = 708 Se eg ee oe
a ee


BooxwoewSS's Cavears

This pseudo-essay is all about sharing information, but
first some conditions.

1. Idon't consider myself one to be doling out advice.
Pm a college kid, a poor college kid at a big-city universit
Contrary to how courageous I might sound in some of my
following stories, I don't really know much about this world.
I've never traveled outside my home town. I've never had
sex. I've never tried drugs or alcohol. I've never even driven
acar. You get the picture. You're probably laughing at me,
but that's okay. It means youstill have some feelings left after
all you've been through.

2. Despite all the information I've collected, I nearly
got killed. Don't rely completely on what I say. I'm not
deceiving youon purpose, but I have a feeling there'sa whole
lot more to what's going on than I've been able to piece
together in a few months.

3. Don'tuse thisinformation asa "how tokill" manual.
First of all, I know little about killing (though I have killed,
sostop laughing at my virginity). More importantly, I gained
most of this information through serious civilized conve
tions with the monsters many of you thoughtlessly destroy.
Sure, plenty of them are rapacious beasts that gorge them-
selves on the defenseless. But when you drop one from a
hundred meters with a rifle outfitted with a laser sight and
special bullets, you're just as cruel as it is.

4. This is a work-in-progress. I'm researching on a lot
of summary information that I'll add later. You're welcome
to make your own additions, though understand that Wit-
ness| has allotted me some control over responses and I will
delete anything I consider misleading or unverified.

If my posts suddenly stop someday, don't mourn for me.
I'll be dead by my own hand. The "vampire" who believes I
betrayed her may seek me out to finish what she started. I'm
ready. I won't become another monster that you'll have to
strike down. I have a syringe hidden within reach that I can
use to inject myself. My research says only a couple drops of
the contents are required. Killing myself may be the only
courageous thing I'll ever do.

5. Finally, I believe in monsters and always have. If
you grew up where I did (no, I'm not looking for sympathy
for my past or my missing legs), then you would, too. You
wouldn't doubt for a moment any of the information that
slowly comes to light for us. Namely, that monsters are
everywhere and seem to be behind a lot of things we ordinary
people take for granted. Nor does it surprise me that some of
the "monsters" are far better people (or were far better
people) than many humans.

The bottom line is, I believe everything I say here. I
believe there are monsters who survive by drinking blood
and eating human flesh. I believe that ghosts can be respon-
sible for the weird noises in some houses. I don't ask you to
take all this on faith, but I wouldn't disabuse you of your wild

CHAPTERS: THEENEMY

MorsraxProries

This chapter contains a number of sidebars that
detail monster Traits and powers for use by the Story-
teller. Players may read the body of this chapter, but
are advised to avoid the sidebars for fear of learning
toomuch about the enemy; only the Storytellershould
know how the walking dead and nightstalkers operate
in the game.

Profile sidebars provide very basic mechanics for
depicting creatures. There's certainly enough here
to tell entertaining stories. However, if you're al-
ready familiar with the other games in the Storyteller
serie

substitute "official" monsters' powers and ca-
pabilities for those presented here. The Hunter
Storytellers Companion interprets the other games'
rules that govern monsters, and lets you portray
those beings in more detail than presented here,
without having to possess anything but Hunter and
its supplemental books.

For the purposes of this rulebook, Willpower is
the energy source used to fuel most monsters' power:
Each profile explains how. Creatures' Willpower scores
are therefore inflated artificially.

ideas. The more far-fetched the idea, the more likely it's
true. At least, that's what I've found.

My Mertons

Most of the information herein is gathered from per-
sonal experience, mainly through interviews with an
individual | refer to as Purple, a man who claims to be a
warlock. I have confirmed his claim by spying on other
warlocks, who seem to have "auras" of the same color (a
perception ability that 1 and some other imbued seem to
possess). "Interview" is perhaps an inappropriate term to
use; Purple was usually unresponsive to direct questions.
Instead, he would answer only gradually, and vaguely.

Itold Purple that I would never reveal him as my source,
so I will withhold any details concerning him. It's largely
moot, I suspect, as he finally disappeared after nine sessions
at the diner where I found him. Whether my promises mean
anything to him, or whether he even recalls speaking to me
is doubtful. He made periodic and elliptical references to
what in hindsight | believe to be a temporary madness.
Nevertheless, the information I gleaned from our meetings
always bore out when the facts could be double-checked.

Talso use anecdotal evidence here to fill in information
gaps that I cannot cover personally. These are stories I recall
from the original hunter-net, ot actually copied into text

files and repaste herein. If you are the source of any of these
anecdotes and you note errors in transcription or memory,
please alert me and I will make the appropriate corrections.


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

| Ro Cate

Ghosts, zombies, vampires, werewolves, goblins and
other monsters not yet featured in a dozen Hollywood
movies all exist. Beyond these supernatural beings, there
are humans other than hunters who possess their own
fantastic abilities, From whence their powers came or
come, I do not know, but these people are real. My purpose
here is to examine the basics of some of these seeming
categories of beings.

Since a large portion of my information comes by way of
Purple, I feel it's necessary to begin my discussion with
warlocks. | also describe beings in order of how human they
appear, so the sections range from witches to werewolves.

Wartocis

So far I've seen only men, like my informant, possess a purple aura, but
Purple indicated that women also possess what I call magical powers, for lack
ofa better term. Despite the fact that Purple himself was a warlock, I know very
little about this kind of being. (I refer to them as "beings" for I do not think they
are entirely human, at least in the sense that we hunters are humans who have
been endowed with a mission and abilities by some outside sour

While Purple himself never exhibited any obvious supernatural powers —
he never conjured demons or fired lightning from his fingertips — he was a most
liar and extraordinary individual. Most notable was what I came to define
as his luck. No accidents ever seemed to befall him, and sometimes outrageous

events would conspire to bring about entirely beneficial ends.

Most of the time Purple's luck amounted to simple things, such as the first
time I really became aware of him. We were sitting in adjacent booths in the
diner. (Afterward, that's where I was always able to find him. He would
inevitably enter moments after I did once our association became regular.
I say "regular" loosely, because there was really no pattern to the times
I sought him out, especially once I recognized his timely appearances
and made certain my visits were unpredictable).

Let me explain that this first encounter was before my imbuing,
so I had no idea at the time that this incident was anything other

than a weird coincidence. It wasn't until some time later that I
gained my "aura sight," as I call it, and determined that Purple
was indeed more than strictly human.

Anyway, I was vaguely aware of Purple while I ate

my own breakfast. He was an odd fellow, kind of
eccentric like you'd expect of Albert Einstein, with
tousled hair and everything. The waitress brought
his check when he was done eating. That's when I
really watched him closely. When she walked away, I
saw him turn all his pockets inside out and turn up
only a couple of coins. He sort of shrugged and
looked around, and he caught me looking at
him. He gave me a huge, friendly
M4 smile, but seemed to look right
through me.
Then he asked for

another cup of coffee

==

and just sat there sipping it for a while. I was curious what
was going to happen, so I sipped slowly, too. After a while,
the waitress started to eye us both. I supposed we were
clogging her traffic and ruining her tips. Then the weird-
est thing happened. A group of construction workers got
up from a table and walked past Purple and I. The first guy
was reaching for his wallet and opened it as he passed
Plain as day, a $20 bill fell to the floor near Purple. The
next guy noticed it and picked it up. Instead of giving it to
his pal, he looked at Purple and said something like, "Hi
buddy, I think you dropped this." Purple took the $20 and
paid right after the construc-

2 Wee past gs Bes

The last time I saw Purple, I surmised that these enemies
were getting close to him, but whether he disappeared
because he needed to escape them or he was captured, |
may never know.

Based on my conversation with Purple, I've drawn the
following conclusions about witches and warlocks.

They are divided into factions of varying philosophies,
though which might help hunters and which oppose us, I
cannot be sure. Nor was | ever given any exact names if any
indeed exist.

They possess uncanny luck, which appears to be the

CHAPYERS:THEENEMY

tion workers. When I got up
to pay a minute later, the
cashier said Purple had paid
for me, too!

You're probably think-
ing it was no big deal — a
coincidence. Maybe it was
kind of stupid, but weird
things like that always hap-
pened to Purple. Like when
he was being mugged by two
guys outside the diner. One
went to stab Purple but
stumbled and fell into the
other mugger and gutted
him, instead! Or when
Purple was crossing the
street and some early morn-
ing drunk came speeding
around a corner with no way
to miss hitting him — and
the warlock fell through an
open manhole.

If you think such anec-
dotal evidence isn't enough,
then imagine such long shot
turnsof events happening just
as you predict. Or at least in
the spiritofhow it's predicted.

Worenaro Wantock Proritz

Warlocks and witches appear to be normal
humans. Second sight indicates them as inhuman
in some way, but it takes edges such as Illuminate,
Witness or Discern to understand how. Warlocks'
Attributes and Abilities vary as much as they do
among humans, but they tend to have high Mental
Traits. Warlocks control their environment
through force of will, so it's not unusual for one to
have 20 Willpower. Powerful ones might have an
even higher rating.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: (choose from) Academics 4, Alert-
ness 3, Awareness 3, Dodge 2, Expression 4,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 3, Occult 4, Science 2

Willpower: 15+

Powers: Warlocks and witches have a power
called Luck. They may spend a number of Will-
power points equal to their Wits every turn in order
to alter events to their favor. Astounding coinci-
dences, miraculous escapes and unbelievable
misfortunes for enemies all appear to work to the
warlock's benefit. Luck is an excuse for the Story-
teller to dream up a freakish string of events that
comes to a witch's aid. Willpower spent on Luck is
recovered at the rate of one point per hour, or
potentially faster if a warlock is in his home and he
meditates properly.

majority of the magic they
wield. Such discreet powers
explain how their magic re-
mains undetected.
However, they can also
control the environment in
overtly supernatural ways. I
once witnessed a group of
warlocks acting in concert
atop several of the build-
ings downtown. I was
watching from the roof of
another building at Purple's
suggestion and witnessed an
awesome pyrotechnic dis-
play. It was storming and a
bolt of lightning forked
through the sky. Instead of
hitting a lightning rod, it
struck the outstretched
hand of a warlock. He
seemed to gather the energy
before hurling it toward a
warlock on a distant roof-
top. Electricity crackled
between the two. After a
half dozen more strikes, the
central warlock was con-
nected to seven beings
located throughout the

Awhile into our talks, a rude
lady eating by herself insisted
on taking the last open booth and forced us to the counter.
After we were sitting, Purple got an ugly look on his face as
he watched the woman brush her hair. "Maybe she should
wash that again," I heard him mutter. A moment later, a
passing busboy and customer collided and a bowl of soup
slopped onto the woman. Startled, I turned to Purple and
asked if he'd been the cause. "Doesn't look like it, does it,"
was his only answer.

Not all warlocks are as nonthreatening, though, and
there's good reason to consider them among our "opposi-
tion." Purple constantly referred to a "they" and "them"
whom he obviously found threatening and dangerous.

downtown area. I might
have seen more, but I un-
wisely used my aura sight to confirm the nature of the
beings. It was only the third time I had used the ability (the
first was on Purple, the second during a false alarm), and I
didn't understand that it drew attention to me. I ran.

} knew I was in trouble; the sorcerer conducting the
"ritual" had looked right at me — across the street. Yet I

survived, even given the power that I saw being thrown
around, It was then that I had a sense that everything would
work out, almost as if someone were watching over me,
protecting me. I don't know who or what — the Messengers?
Maybe it was my colleague who later played his hand and
inadvertently cost me my legs. I'll explain it all shortly.

ee EE ee a el


;
|

HUNTER: YHERECKONING

Anyway, warlocks are revealed by my particular sight
ability, and that of a few other hunters, I understand. That
means witchesand their kind are not human and are presum-
ably pare of our mission, though the fine point of how to
respond to them is probably best left to the discerning and
Hos among us.

From posts on the original hunter-net, I know many of
you believe that applying labels like "vampire" or "zombie"
to various kinds of walking dead is ridiculous. It's "Holly-
wood-inspired obsession," "pure foolishness" or the result of

"runaway imaginations."

But that's not true. There are vampires, or at least there
are animated corpses that share enough characteristics with
the vampires of western folklore to invite use of the name.
Maybe vampires like Dracula — European nobles acting
with good grace and discretion — were the rule in the Old
World. But in the early 21st century, vampires seem largely
to be thugs with little to distinguish them from human
counterparts in gangs and organized crime.

Maybe it's just a reflection of what our world is coming
to that even the supernatural appears to be obviously flawed
and in need of guidance. Maybe the only vampires we've
encountered so farare the dumb ones, while the masters hide
away in mansions surrounding Central Park, or dwell on the
top floors of the Sears Tower.

Whatever the case, these beings are extremely powerful
and dangerous, so | recommend extreme caution if you
identify one. This doesn't mean liquidate it from long range.
That might not do the trick, even if a sniper takes a shot. I
also hasten to note that vampires are little different from us.
We are humans who have been chosen. They are humans
who have been "kissed." That's what they call it, or at least
that's how Purple referred to the process. This means they
are no more of less willing to live the life thrust upon them
than you or! happen tobe. However, humans being humans,
give one supernatural powers, a long life and a desire to drink
blood, and you've probably got a problem. But just as
rehabilitation is a better option than the electric chair,
perhaps less gunplay and more conversation is the way to
deal with these beings.

A fine example is the vampire who took my legs. I'd
gathered a lot of second-hand information about vampires
from Purple and other sources, but I'd never actually spoken
toone. I carried out two successful interviews with a particu-
lar vampire (she insisted we exchange blood before she
would answer any questions, afact that, while dangerous, did
glean some information for me). That was before an over-
zealous colleague got involved. The poor man is dead now,
but he tailed me one evening to a rendezvous with my
contact. (Because of my feelings for this sad woman, I won't
share any information about her. I know there are some
among you who would use my clues to hunt her down.)

a Nees Cane a, Sa

Anyway, shortly before our usual exchange of blood,
the hunter who followed me ambushed us. I think he meant
to kill us both, because he seemed to consider me a beast
now, too. In the end, he didn't kill anybody. The woman,
a petite and pretty thing (although the "pretty" doesn't
really factor into it, I suppose), dismembered the man
savagely. | admit I was shocked to see her unleash like that,
especially since she seemed so cultivated when I spoke to
her (at least, compared to the thuggish vampires I'd spied
on previously).

I tried to run while they fought. In the flash of an eye,
she covered the distance that had taken me several seconds
tosprint. I remembering being thrown against the alley wall,
but nothing more. The police report said I was found
crawling out of the alley. I can only guess I was left for dead,
if you can call this living.

Ihave some other posts regarding vampires copied from
the original hunter site, items which I append here. I post
them in italics to separate them from my own statements,
because | can't personally guarantee their information.

I wasn't asking for trouble, I was just doing what I had to.
They were zombies and I did a number on them. They were the
sort I call shamblers: sort of slow, but they seemed to have a
purpose. Three of them walked past several easy enough
targets and made their way to a house in Cabbagetown. They
were so set on what they were doing that I took the first two out
before the last knew I was there. He put up a fight, but I got
him in the end.

So, after I... disposed of the remains... I went toa local bar,
@ filthy place, but good for cooling down without attracting
attention. I was sitting there drinking when this Italian guy comes
over, sits down and stares at me. He looks like an extra out of The
Godfather, but he's dead. I mean, you can tell after awhile, and
this guy was dead.

Iwas frantically trying to think of how to get him outside and
waste him when I realized I couldn't move a muscle. I couldn't
even speak. He started talking to me about staying away from his
servants, not interfering in his plans, and I'm doing everything I
can just to try to wiggle a finger.

He opened his mouth and smiled at me, showing me a set
of teeth that would scare Cujo, and asks me if I understand
him. Without my meaning it to happen, my head starts
nodding like I'm saying, "yes." He made a couple of threats.
The kind of "If you ever mess with me again, I'm gonna feed
you to the fishes" sort of shit you expect from a guinea. Then
his cell phone rings and he answers, and all the while I keep
nodding. It's all I can do. He got up and left, and it was like
no one in there even saw him. They were all doing their own
thing, ignoring us completely.

I have not witnessed vampires exhibit any sort of
supernatural powers beyond the physical, such as amazing
strength or speed, but stories like this are not one-of-a-kind.
In addition, all the vampires I've watched seem to have a
potent sort of animal magnetism. Perhaps this is an evolu-
tionary advantage used to lure humans into traps. | once saw


Sh 2» Gee pet gs Ges

a biker draw every woman around him to his side, which
makes me wonder if I didn't see something similar to the
mind control discussed above.

Finally, I have this snippet that I clipped from the old
site. I suspect there was more to the account than this, but
I took the part that was of interest.

I didn't know what it was, but I had suspicions. I mean, if
ghosts and zombies are real, why not vampires? I don't think it
was used to being in the city. Maybe it was just confused, rotting
away like a zombie but only on the inside. I don't like to just attack
a deader for being a deader, so I waited to see what it would do.
I didn't have to wait too long before it found a bum and went for
his throat. I know my legends as well as the next guy. I found a
broom in the dumpster, broke off the handle, and went for the
heart. I guess I must have missed. It turned and looked at me and
growled like a pissed-off dog.

I pulled the stick out to try again and it changed — turned
into smoke or something and disappeared.

Here are some facts regarding vampires that I have
assembled.

1. They cannot stand sunlight and are nocturnal.
Other bright lights seem to have no affect on them.

2. They need to drink blood to survive. They cannot
stomach any other food or drink, which means even if you
lack the capacity to recognize some creatures, careful atten-
tion might help you note the one person in a rowdy group
who never touches the food or beer in front of him. That, or
the level of his glass never drops.

Only human blood seems to actually satisfy these crea-
tures. I've seen a vampire drink from a squealing rat, but it
appeared to provide no satisfaction — she still demanded
some of my blood as payment for answering questions.

Vampire feeding creates quite a moral conundrum. If
vampires are a higher order of human, at least if you regard
such matters as evolutionary in regard to the food chain,
then how is a blood-drinking vampire any different than a
beef-eating human?

3. Religious artifacts appear to offer no deterrence
whatsoever. If you have faith, then carry it with you because
you'll need its strength, but don't expect it to offer an
advantage over vampires.

4. I'll let you know about garlic. It lines all the entries
to my apartment — or it did when I was last there.

5. Hurting these beings seems incredibly difficult.
Bullets seem to have little effect. The same goes for knives
and clubs, short of decapitation or amputation, that is.
(Most people don't have the kind of strength that must be
required to take off a limb — meanwhile, such strength was
certainly used against me.) However, fire seems to be a
weakness. Perhaps dead tissue can withstand blunt trauma
but not being burned.

6. Vampires bleed and actually retain blood in their
systems. | don't think the blood circulates — my contact
didn't have a pulse — but she bled when she cut her finger.

—

I'm told that vampire blood in a human does some-
thing to the person: It makes him stronger and tougher.
And yet, no such effects seemed to occur with me. Maybe
being touched like we are makes us immune to becoming
vampires or their agents. And yet, that leaves so many
normal people vulnerable.

overt Pron

The following is an example of a young vampire,
perhaps newly turned.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Percep:
tion 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: (choose from) Alertness 2, Athletics 2,
Brawl 3, Computer 2, Dodge 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 3,
Finance 2, Firearms 2, Intimidation 3, Investigation 2,
Leadership 2, Medicine 2, Melee 4, Occult 3, Politics 1,
Security 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4, Survival 4

Willpower: 8

The following represents a strong vampire, one
that has been around for a while.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Abilities: (choose from) Academics 3, Alertness 4,
Animal Ken 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Computer 1,
Crafts 2, Dodge 5, Empathy 3, Etiquette 4, Expression 4,
Finance 4, Firearms 4, Intimidation 5, Investigation 4,
Law4, Leadership 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 4, Melee 5,
Occult 4, Politics 4, Science 3, Security 4, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 5, Survival 5

Willpower: 10

The following is an example of a very powerful
vampire, one that has existed for decades or centuries.

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 7,
Charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 5, Percep-
tion 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 7

Abilities: (choose from) Academics 7, Alertne
Animal Ken 5, Athletics 6, Awareness 5, Brawl
Dodge 5, Empathy 1, Etiquette 5, Expression 4, Fi-

Firearms 3, Intimidation 7, Investigation 4,
Law 4, Leadership 7, Linguistics 5, Medicine 5, Melee 6,
Occult 5, Politics 7, Science 3, Security 5, Streetwise 1,
Subterfuge 7, Survival 7
Willpower: 15

Wennesses

All vampires suffer one health level of lethal
damage per turn of exposure to sunlight. This damage
cannot be soaked. Fire causes vampires lethal damage
and cannot be soaked. A vampire thatisstaked through
the heart is paralyzed. The attack has a difficulty of 9,
and three health levels' damage must be inflicted for
the attack to succeed. A staked vampire cannot move
physically, but it can use any of its mental powers.

CHAPTERS: THE ENEMY

1 PF _ eee

HUNYER: THE RECKONING

Vampires have powers of their own, just as the imbued
have special capabilities. Vampire powers differ based on
the individual; many are almost human in their abilities,
whereas some are extremely powerful (the former are far
more common, while the latter are only rarely encountered
by hunters). The following are only samples of the powers
that vampires can possess. The Storyteller is encouraged to
design new ones.

Newly created vampires are likely to have three
powers, none of them beyond a fairly low level. Strong
vampires have four to five powers with weak to moderate
levels. Ancient vampires have five to six powers, each at
moderate to potent levels.

A vampire must expend Willpower to use any of its
powers. Willpower is regained at the rate of one point for
every turn spent drinking human blood, subject to a maxi-
mum of 10 points of blood from any one person (and the
victim is dead after eight are taken). Additionally, a vam-
pire loses one Willpower every night that it does not feed;
determined hunters could conceivably lay siege toa trapped
vampire

Invisibility: This power is not exactly what the name
implies. Vampires with this capability can cause them-
selves to look like someone else to anyone around them,
or they can simply make everyone in an area ignore them
as if they weren't there. They cannot truly disappear,
however. This power does not hide their presence from
cameras or other electronic detection devices, it merely
affects the minds of people in the vampire's vicinity. A
Willpower point is spent to use an invisibility power fora
scene.

Hunters who have activated second sight (ie. spent
a point of Conviction for the scene) are immune to
vampires' invisibility power. The Discern, Witness and
Illuminate edges can also reveal vampire presence ot true
appearance. Those imbued without active second sight or
appropriate edges are treated as normal people for detect-
ing bloodsuckers (most simply don't see; some truly alert
might get a Perception roll, difficulty 8).

Weak vampires can hide themselves in a crowd or in
shadows with relative ease. Strong vampires can alter the
way they appear to others, and powerful vampires can do
either of these things to themselves and to several others
at the same time. A potent vampire could easily arrange
a very nasty surprise for an unwary hunter.

Invulnerability: The vampire gets bonuses to its
Stamina, reflecting that itis far tougher thana human. At
weak levels the bonus is +2. At moderate levels the bonus
is +4. The bonus is +6 for powerful vampires. Much like
armor, this extra Stamina can be used to soak damage,
including lethal damage. This bonus Stamina has no

effect against fire or sunlight for weak vampires, but can
allow more powerful ones to soak such damage.

It costs a point of Willpower to activate invulnerabil-
ity for a scene.

Lightning Speed: Vampires can move far faster than
humans in many cases. Lightning speed reflects this capa-
bility, allowing a vampire to travel great distances or to
attack multiple times in a single turn. A newly created
vampire might be able to take one extra action in a turn,
whereas a moderately powerful vampire might get an extra
action per turn for each point of Dexterity it has. Potent
vampires can move so quickly that they seem to disappear
and reappear in a moment, or even blur when they ap-
proach. Allow such a creature all the actions you want it
to make.

Each extra action gained in a turn can be used to
perform one feat only, and uses a full dice pool; multiple
actions cannot be performed per activity.

Lightning speed is not without its cost, though. A
point of Willpower must be expended for each turn in
which the power is used. A weak vampire therefore gains
one additional action for a single Willpower point, while
a moderately strong bloodsucker with 5 Dexterity could
perform six actions in a single turn by expending one point
of Willpower. An ancient vampire can act as often as you
like for a single Willpower point.

Mind Control: Vampires with this power can work
subtly or with painful force to make others do their bidding.
The most basic form of this power makes an opponent obey
asimple one-word command. At moderate levels, a vampire
can influence the way a target thinks with careful wording
and delicate suggestion, perhaps winning potential enemy
to her side of an argument. Or, the vampire can alter a
target's memories with mere suggestion, convincing the
subject to misremember important details, or even exactly
who or what it was the subject sought. At high levels, a
vampire can make a target her slave, robbing him of any
semblance of free will. This last power often takes subtlety
and, in many cases, a great deal of time, but once a victim is
captured by a vampire, it's almost impossible for him to truly
break free.

Spend a point of Willpower and make a Willpower roll
(based on rating, not current score) for a vampire using a
mind-control power; difficulty equal to the target's Will-
power. Success makes the person the vampire's minion. Ifa
Conviction point is spent for a hunter in a scene, he is
immune to mind-control attempts. If no point is spent, the
imbued person is as subject to vampire influence as any
mortal. The Storyteller may allow a hunter normally under
vampire control to resist for any scene in which a point of
Conviction is spent. When the scene ends, the hunter could
fall under the creature's sway once again.


Superhuman Strength: Vampires can be far
stronger than humans; superhuman strength reflects
that power. Add two to Strength at low level, four at
moderate level, and six at high level. These bonuses
are also added to damage rolls involving brawl,
melee or thrown-weapon attacks. The harm in-
flicted works just as regular damage does, but at the

Storyteller's discretion bashing damage from truly
i.

Using superhuman strength is taxing: A point
of Willpower must be expended for every scene in
which the power is used.

powerful vampires may not be soa

Tre Waurme Dean

Pve heard all kinds of names for these things: deaders,
rots, zombies, corpses. There are probably so many names
because these things seem to be our most common adversar-
ies. [don't know what it is about the walking dead, but they
appear to be everywhere; far more common than vampires or
witches. It's almost as if Heaven — or more likely Hell — is,
full, and leftover spirits are forced back to Earth. Almost
every first-contact story I've heard has been about the
walking dead. Maybe we're connected to them somehow.

Given zombies' numbers, it comes as no surprise that
there seems to be a range of the creatures. | find it difficult to
categorize them in any reasonable way until | have more
information. However, the basis of all these beings seems to
be the same: They are humans who are reanimated after
death. What force awakens them, controls them or empow-
ers them, I don't know. Perhaps it's warlocks' "magic."
Perhaps it's vampire blood. Perhaps all the fairy tale reasons
are true: a burning desire for vengeance, an unholy passion
for someone or something.

I do not include vampires in this category. Instead of
being something dead brought back to life, they actually
seem to be a different kind of life. Vampires need sustenance
in the form of blood. They lead complicated, multi-dimen-
sional lives. The walking dead are at worst stiff-legged and
tattered corpses that moan as they chase victims. At best,
they appear to be virtually passionless individuals who can
ty nevertheless.

function in normal soc

For convenience, | divide the walking dead into three
categories. I have witnessed all three myself, and found them
dissimilar enough to warrant this separation. They are not
profoundly different as potential enemies, but there isa need
todistinguish them if you hope to interact with them without
a gun. Continuing the organization of this article as a whole,
I discuss the three types from most human to least.

CHAPTERS: THE ENEMY

eee et Be, © ee Sa


Honors oF ras Watxinc Deap ano Seanrs

Normal humans cannot bear the sight of the
walking dead or spirits when such a creature reveals
itself as unliving or when it clearly cannot be alive
(che creature's flesh rots from its bones and yet it
walks, or the ghost is transparent and can step
through walls). People become hysterical, have fits
and seizures, flee the scene or ignore everything as
if none of it were happening when confronted with
such sights.

Hunters are not affected by this phenomenon
as long as a point of Conviction has been spent to
steel them for the scene. If no such point has been
spent, a hunter is just as vulnerable to panic as the
average person.

Yue Hiosx

The hidden are walking dead who can pass as the
living and go undetected among humans. They may be a
bit pale, solitary, anti-social or a touch slow-witted. They
n skills they had in life, although a comment
Purple once made leads me to believe they do not con-
tinue to learn or improve their skills after death. ("She'll
always be a bad driver," he said about one of the hidden
I watched for a time, and she did seem to have trouble
driving in the city.)

Hidden aren't so invisible to a hunter who knows what
look for. Yet the hidden can easily insinuate themselves
among people who have no reason to suspect that a new
coworker has risen from the grave to track down and kill
everyone involved in her hit-and-run death.

seem to re

That was the case of a woman I watched for about two
weeks. Beyond Purple, she was the first supernatural being
that I recognized after my imbuing. I say that in my own
defense, because I let her carry on much longer than I would
have if I found her now. As it was, I couldn't very well turn
to the police with wild stories of what I witnessed.

Observing this woman was a bit like watching a Jekyll
and Hyde movie. During the day, she was a slightly dull and
inefficient worker in a large downtown bank. After hours,
she seemed to find new energy and became something of a
predator, staking out a fraternity house at my university. It
was only after a climatic evening that I realized she wasn't so
random in her choice of day jobs. Turns out the bank where
she got a job serviced many student accounts, and all her
intended victims were among them.

That night, I watched as she entered a fraternity house
and mercilessly hacked students to pieces with a hatchet.
Four of them were in the car that killed her. The fifth was at
the wrong place at the wrong time.

The woman didn't show up at work the next day. In
fact, I assumed she returned to her grave or found another

final resting place, but she reappeared about a month later
with a killing spree that claimed the lives of several other
fraternity members.

With the information I provided, two other hunters
found her and put an end to her. So I do understand there are
times when killing is the only option, but the walking dead
may not be wholly themselves or even wholly intelligent
Still, | hope we might find a way to ease the suffering of these
poor souls without resorting to violence.

It's important to note that it might be difficult to tell the
difference between a hidden and a vampire, but unlike
vampires, these walking dead can be active during the day.

I have another report about a walking dead that 1
believe to be a hidden, as well. This story comes from the
original website. I'm not altering these pasted entries, so
words like "monster" are not mine. You have to wonder
about such words from a man who fights side-by-side with
drug dealers. I wonder, at least.

I never would have suspected a thing if I hadn't seen him in
action. He wasn't in great physical shape, but he tore through a
whole gang of drug dealers. They shot him, cut him and hit him
with a bat. He barely even noticed. I saw him break a punk's back
with his bare hands. His fingers dug into the poor bastard's thigh
and chest like they were putty.

The monster was a college professor, or at least pretended to
be one, I guess. He was short and round, with almost no hair on
his head, and he walked with a limp.

It took all of the gang members and me to finally bring him
down. I was the only one who survived. I swear a wound on his
chest sealed shut while | watched. He never bled! I hacked into his
arm and neck, too, and he never bled!

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abil (choose from) Alertness 3, Athletics 4,
Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Expression 2,
Firearms 3, Intimidation 5, Melee 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 5, Survival 4

Willpower: 10

Powers: Hidden can pass for human, though
second sight reveals them as wrong, whereas the
Discern, Witness and Illuminate edges reveal them
for what they are. Hidden can withstand 15 health
levels of damage before being destroyed, but can
regenerate one lost level with the expenditure of a
Willpower point. Regenerating costs an action
and only one level can be recovered in a single
turn. The hidden suffer no wound penalties for lost
health levels.

a eee SE gy WA. geet: ppt


Waunces

A walker is most easily described as the mid-point
between a hidden and the least human kind of walking dead,
ashambler. A walker is an animated dead person, but unlike
a hidden, a walker decomposes, albeit slowly. While defi-
nitely not as clear-headed as a hidden, a walker does have
some sense, at least enough to attempt to mask its odor with
perfume and clothing.

1 call them "walkers" because they have at least a
human-like range of motion. The easiest way to tell a walker
from a shambler is from their limbs' range of motion. You'll

know what I mean as soon as you encounter them.

A walker seems driven in its unlife by something that
happened to it prior to death. Generally, this passion is
never very complicated, or at least it's pursued directly as
opposed to carefully as a hidden might do. For instance, the
hidden I encountered took a job ata bank specifically to get
information on her targets. A walker would never prepare
like that. She would simply march right into the fraternity
house and take care of the students, probably by killing
everyone in the building.

Consider this example posted by an active participant
on the original hunter-net:

I knew Bemie Thompson. He was a good man and a loving
husband. Lisa was devastated when he died. We were all friends,
so I did what I could to comfort her. After about two years, we
became more than friends, despite my efforts to never get too close
to anyone anymore.

We keptour relationship discreet. [had my own reasons, but
her kids always thought of me as, "Uncle Mike," so letting on
more would have been awkward.

The kids were asleep one night when Bernie and one of his
old buddies showed up at the house to explain why I shouldn't be
dating Lisa. (The stranger was still alive and seemed to think
Bernie was too, and that I'd done Bernie some terrible wrong.)
Bernie had looked better, but he wasn't all decomposed. Maybe
the arid weather out here kept him... fresh?

Ttold Lisa to run inside and hide the kids. That's when Bernie
was on me. His friend ran in and dragged Lisa from the house. She
was screaming like mad.

I don't think Bernie had run into any of our kind before —
he still smelled of dirt. Still, it was hard to fight my best friend, no
matter what he'd become. He didn't have any problems beating
the crap out of me. That's when I fought back and put him down
— or so I thought.

I went after Lisa. She was on the ground, staring blankly at
the house. Her attacker was gone. If I was feeling guilty, she must
have been tearing herself up inside. I think my heart broke in that
‘ moment.

Irwas a stupid mistake. While I was feeling sorry for myself,
Bernie's friend stepped from the shadows and shot me! All I could
do was lie there while the guy helped Bernie up, and they ran off
with Lisa. I crawled after them, screaming.

an

Sah » Gee past gs Ges

They found Bernie's friend, dead, a couple days later —and
Lisa's body about a week after that. I was still in the hospital at
the time. The police have left the case open. So have I. I'm going
to find that bastard!

I'm sorry to disappoint the author of this post, but his
desire for vengeance is likely to go unfulfilled. It seems that
most walkers return to the grave after they've completed
whatever business for which they arose.

I'd rather not talk about my own experience with
walkers right now. It's something I'll have to come back to
after this essay has been online for a while, assuming I don't
receive a visit from my vampire friend.

Water Proricz

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: (choose from) Alertness3, Athletics 2,
Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2
Willpower: 8

Walkers have 10 health levels and suffer
no penalties for injury. They can regenerate one lost
health level in a tum at the expense of one Willpower
point per level. Regenerating a level is considered an
action. Walkers can pass for human with effort. Hunt-
ers' second sight perceives an unnaturalness about
them. The Discern, Witness or Illuminate edges can be
used to sense that walkers are the living dead, although
simple close inspection can accomplish much the same.

Powers:

‘Suawetzrs

The last of the three types of zombies, and decidedly the
least human, is what I call a shambler. Take a good look at
one; a shambler is unmistakably the walking dead. A human
unaware of the existence of such things, seeing one in the
dark and from a distance, might laugh at the "drunk." Up
close, a shambler's decaying flesh and putrid odor are imme-
diately obvious.

Shamblers walk with a characteristic shuffling gait and
they don't seem to be well preserved, so they're slow-
moving. They're also dull-witeed, but that's not much of a
factor; they're single-minded about tormenting and killing
people. You might be able to out-run one of these things, but
it will wear you down with dogged endurance.

Shamblers are at least as dangerous as walkers or even
hidden for one simple reason: Unlike the otherkinds of walking
dead, shamblers often appear in groups. What possibly keeps
these groups together (maybe the control of another being, like
the vampire described previously?) is unknown. Perhaps what-

CHAPTERS: THEENEMY

— ee eee wee ee, ee, © ee Se


—-———

ever force that reanimates them awakens several at one time
and these individuals are bound together until destroyed.

I suppose you could make a case that shamblers are
nothing more than walkers or hidden in advanced decay, but
posit that they are not the latter — the hidden I tracked did
not seem to continue to decompose. Of course, it's danger-
ous to make such assumptions (maybe the process is
unnaturally slow?), but I'm guessing that if hidden don't
decay further, then walkers are probably slow about it. Then
again, shamblers may simply be animated by weaker stuff
than are hidden or walkers.

Another difference may be that a shambler is reanimated
by other beings (perhaps through witches' rituals), while
hidden and walkers are driven by some unknowable other
force, something that causes them to teanimate themselves. If
this is the case, my categorization of the walking dead should
be revisited. For now, I'm sticking with this approach, and
shamblers are definitely the lowest of the bunch.

My first encounter with shamblers was from a distance.
I'd solved a riddle posed by Purple, and awaited him at a
cemetery north of the city. I was almost ready to give up on
him when the dirt on a neighboring hill seemed churn and
burst upward. I watched as three threadbare and gangly
corpses stood and plodded away from their graves.

1 followed them. They didn't look around at all, let
alone notice me. It made me wonder then as I do now why
these beings aren't detected by humans. Perhaps normal
people can't cope with what they see and remain sane, so
they rationalize excuses or simply blot out their memories.

In any event, as the creatures crossed a road outside the
cemetery, a car rounded a corner and plowed into two of the
things. They were thrown about 30 feet, and I was shocked
towatch them stop rolling and get back to their feet. The car
was totaled. The third one seemed to pause, as if considering
whether to approach the car. After a few hesitant steps, it fell
into pace with its companions who never even batted an eye.

I would have followed them, but the woman behind the
wheel was unconscious and bleeding, so I hurried to a pay
phone and called for help. By the time I returned to watch
the scene from hiding, the police and an ambulance were
present, and the shamblers were gone.

i
Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6,
Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Percep-
tion 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 1
Abilities: Brawl 2, Intimidation 5
Willpower: 6
| Powers: Shamblers are "killed" only by complete
destruction of the body or separation of the head from
the torso. Shamblers have 10 health levels and suffer
no penalties for damage inflicted.

‘Conetusions abou rie Wauxmic Dap

Here is a summation of what I've concluded regarding
zombies.

1. Theyare incredibly strong and can withstand enor-
mous amounts of punishment. Even worse, they don't slow
down until they are stopped completely. A human with a
bullet in his leg runs more slowly. Not a zombie. That means
you never know whether your next bullet will do the job.
Assume it won't, because that'll probably be the case.

2. Inaddition tosustaining severe amounts of punish-
ment, the walking dead — at least hidden and walkers —
have been witnessed healing the wounds they suffer. There
can be two results: They may simply take longer to put down,
or you might leave them for destroyed only to find them on
your back a moment later.

3. Hidden and walkers seem to have specific pur-
poses in mind, and these may or may not always be
immediately life-threatening. If communication is pos-
sible —and it almost always is— then you might help them
achieve their ends and put them to rest. Admittedly, the
hidden I dealt with never seemed to get enough of killing
fraternity members.

Gostms

This category feels like a bit of a stretch to me. Not only
have I had only one encounter with these beings, but | only
ever saw one post on the old site pertaining to a being I'm
calling a "goblin." Other names might suit, as well: bugbear,
bogeyman, troll. A better name will have to be applied once
we have more information.

It's also toss-up to describe goblins as more human than
ghosts, which is the next type of creature discussed. How-
ever, while ghosts may have a more human appearance, the
fact that they are noncorporeal makes them less human to
my thinking.

I found a group of goblins in the pediatric ward of a
local hospital. Though I'm in college, I look pretty young.
When I checked into the hospital for some inv tion-
related injuries, they cleared me from the emergency room
up to the kids' ward. Only once I got there did somebody
look at my college ID and send me back. Anyway, on my
way downstairs, I passed the nursery. There was no one else
inside or around except three nurses, and they didn't notice
me. Nothing unusual — till one produced a needle and
injected a baby. It made me wince, but I was terrified when
the "nurse" drew blood, pulled the needle and sprayed the
blood into her mouth!

I guess I instinctively looked at them with my sight.
Their nurse disguises faded to reveal skinny, warty human-
oids with pasty gray skin. They all turned to me at once and
smiled. Theirs mouth were full of jagged teeth! It was one of
the most frightening moments of my life. All those defense-
less babies at the mercy of these things!


Before I could da anything, I heard a gasp behind me.
I turned to see a tired-looking man make a vulgar excla- '

mation. It was the first time I was present for another's
imbuing. Maybe the man would have reacted another way
if his own baby wasn't in the room with the monsters. The

grinning baby-eaters blanched when the man grabbed a
crutch leaning against a wall and burst through the
nursery door toward the "women."

Two of the goblins fled immediately, but the third
did something bizarre: It put its hand together and what
looked like a sword made of bone or ivory appeared in its

grip! The man didn't seem to think twice about pressing
the attack. I can sympathize with the frenzy that occurs
at the moment of imbuing; it took me days to piece
together everything that happened to me. I can only
_ imagine the intensity that protecting your own child
adds to the experience.
The two crashed together, and the man was thrown
backward amongst the cribs in the room. The babie

started crying. | think from the look of confusion or panic

on the goblin's face that it hadn't expected trouble.

Z Just as the man got to his feet, all the cribs around
him crashed into him. The goblin snarled as it ran through

another doorway. The man was ready to chase after it

when I yelled for him to stay still. | was amazed that
none of the babies had been hurt so far, but they
certainly would have been if the father had forced
himself free.

I lied about what I saw to the security guards and
helped get the man out of trouble. | introduced
myself and advised that he try not to understand what
had happened till he had his bearings. I've heard from

him since, and he's done a lot of good work, but I'm
afraid he still lacks the restraint that he did the night we
met. I guess I can't blame him, though. The goblins

apparently visited his home one night after he and his
wife brought their son home.

dat, SF they're all flesh-eating monsters, but don't base your
p CA mI assessment on these accounts alone.
peas SA , . Twas on my patrol—I'm a.cop. Iwalk the streets instead
Ra ‘ of getting a fat ass. Anyway, I heard a woman screaming. I
ID ers

ran down to the scene and called for backup. When I got to the
alley behind the Chinese restaurant, I saw a tourist couple -

My experience and the following article copied from
the old site depict goblins in a poor light. It's possible that l

being hassled by some local gang members, a bunch called
[edited out by Bookworm55 to withhold the location of the
incident and to protect the poster]. I was about to shout a
warning when the leader of the punks took a bite out of the
man's arm! I thought maybe the punk had become a deader,
but I'd have heard if he'd been killed.

Anyway, I made a rookie mistake and yelled in shock. I
wasn't really prepared — backup hadn't arrived, whether
fellow officers or the other guys | patrol with.


UNTER: THE RECKONING

GosumP owes

Obliviousness: Normal people have trouble
understanding or remembering encounters with
goblins. Everyday people carry on in the presence of
such creatures as if nothing untoward were happen-
ing. Normal people simply cannot see or recall
what goblins do. Hunters are immune to this blind-
ness as long as a point of Conviction has been spent
for them to grant second sight and mental protec-
tion for the scene. Hunters without such abilities
tive are oblivious to the true forms and activities
of goblins.

Active second sight reveals a goblin hiding in
human form as out-of-place. Edges such as Discern,
Illuminate and Witness are required to perceive
what goblins really are, unless the creatures reveal
their true appearance, in which case all people can
recognize them.

GooumProrne

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: (choose from) Alertness 2, Athletics 2,
Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Drive 3, Empathy 2, Firearms 3,
Intimidation 5, Investigation 1, Melee 3, Security 2,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1, Survival 4

Willpower: 8

Weanesses

Goblins are vulnerable to items or weapons
made of cold iron. It causes them grievous injury by
destroying their spirit. They cannot soak damage
inflicted by such tools. This weakness is not com-
mon human knowledge; the imbued should have
reason for knowing it (perhaps through a successful

Goblins can reveal themselves to onlookers.
Their menacing appearance allows them to frighten
off most people with a successful Manipulation +
Intimidation roll, difficulty 6. A Willpower point
must be expended for the effect. A hunter is im-
mune to this emotion-control power if a point of
Conviction has been spent for him for the scene.
Human witnesses of such sights still don't recall
what they saw when the dust settles.

Physical Prowess: Goblins tend toexhibit physi-
cal powers against humans and hunters — the ability
to move quickly, leap distances or demonstrate un-
expected strength. They may also have others that
are unknown.

Gluttony: The most commonly encountered
goblins have a predilection for eating, whether
food, a living thing or an inanimate object, even
items that would seem impossible to bite or digest
— rocks, car batteries, street signs. Eating an indi-
gestible item costs a point of Willpower fora scene.
A tire disappears in a turn, while a car might take
an entire scene to eat, all at the expense of one
Willpower point. If a person is subjected to goblin
jaws, damage is determined with a Willpower roll,
difficulty 6. Each success equates to a lethal health
level of damage.

Out of Thin Air: It's common for goblins to
manifest items and weapons — pretty much any simple
tool that can be held by hand — magically. This effect
costs one Willpower point per item created.

Next thing I knew, I was staring at five freaking monsters
bearing down at me! They were big and pasty-skinned, with
red hair. The leader had a do-rag on, and it looked like it was
soaked with blood. The tourists had both passed out at that
point. The bite victim was bleeding bad.

nen ce SO eg ees te.
————e i .

Suddenly, out of nowhere, they all had weapons in their
hands! I ordered them to drop them and assume the position
against the wall. That's when one "kid" threw an ax or something
at me. It missed and I started shooting.

Two kids went down and looked completely normal again!
The rest scrambled when the sirens started. The sweetest sound I
ever heard. The tourists lived but couldn't remember a thing, and
couldn't back up my story. I've been suspended with pay until the
investigation is complete. I can' treally do my other job, either; the
force has detectives "checking up on me."

I connect my encounter and this incident as goblin-
related because of the officer's description of mysterious
weapons, and because of the apparently similar appearance of
the creatures. I may be drawing an entirely incorrect conclu-
sion, but these are all the facts at my disposal.

Sprenrs

The spirits category of beings also needs to be subdi-

Intelligence + Occult roll, difficulty 6, or
research). Only cold iron has this effect. Forged
alloys such as steel and other metals like tin have no

effect beyond the ordi

imple

vided. First, there are what I think of as "true" ghosts. All of

the beings in the spirit category may seem like ghos
believe it's evident that there are at least two different
varieties, the other being poltergeists. There's a third kind
that is capable of possessing or inhabiting a human host's
body, or it may be one of the other types manifesting a
different power. I treat possession as a separate issue.

Gross

Ghosts appear to be the spirits of dead people who
continue on in death as if they never passed away. They don't

. but T

appear to be aware of or interested in what goes on in the real
world around them. They seem to haunt the places where

3

2 PEE


eee 2

aA 2 Ree pat ge Bs

they died or places of death in general (like cemeteries), or
endlessly repeat their last hours of life. Ghosts may also have
ghostly possessions in the afterlife or pseudolife or whatever
it should be called. Take this story posted on the old site, for
example. I guess it really happened, but it sure seems like a
story out of some old comic book.

I chased down a zombie a few weeks ago and lost him ina part
of town I'm not familiar with. That was sort of weird, because
I'm a native of San Francisco and I was pretty sure I knew
everything there was to know about the city.

Ie looked sort of like the Fisherman's Wharf area, but none
of the buildings I'm familiar with were there: no Ripley's Mu-
seum, no Ghirardelli's Chocolate. None of it. Instead there were
a bunch of buildings and wharves built from planks —no cement,
no asphalt. The only thing that was familiar was alittle ewo-story
house that's been empty for years —aderelict, except now it was
in much better shape than I've ever seen it.

The weird scene was bad enough, but there were no people
anywhere. It was like I was in a store after closing. Next thing
Tknew, folks came out of the woodwork, but they were ghosts,
not people. How could I tell? There wasn't much room for
error: They all looked dead and their clothes were centuries out
of fashion.

I figured 1 was dead too, when I saw a ship entering the
harbor. Itlooked justlike a model galleon I made when I was a kid,
only it was crumbling and covered with seaweed. I saw a crew
swinging swords. I just ran. I heard this loud laughter, from the
old house I think, but I didn't dare tum to look

The next day I worked up the courage to go back. All found
was the Fisherman's Wharf, same as ever. hung around till after
dark and burned down that old shack. I haven't seen the ghosts
since, but I've seen the ship in different places along the coast, as
if it's following me. I avoid the bay completely now.

Lots of thrillerand romance writershave apparently been
right on target with their ghost stories. A ghost ship and
everything! The story sounds hackneyed, but I believe it, if
only because I have a similarly gothic ghost story of my own.

At the end of one of my interviews with Purple, he
invited me toa friend's house. I was leery at first, but agreed,
anxious to get every scrap of information I could. Purple
hadn't led me astray yet, at least as far as I could tell. He
hailed a taxi. Though there are almost never any around in
that part of the city, one rounded the corner right away. I
also couldn't help notice how we hit every green light on the
way across town.

The cab pulled up to an old house that reminds me now
of the derelict our San Francisco associate mentions. It was
an old place thae I'd seen pictures of in the past. I'd even read
articles about how it was supposed to be haunted, but
nobody ever really believes that kind of thing. I'd been
imbued long enough by that time to expect some truth to the
stories. I wasn't disappointed: Purple knocked and a ghostly
butler opened the massive doors.

CHAPTERS: THEENEMY

The spirit didn't speak or even look at or acknowledge
us in any way. But he did somehow manage to hold the door
open, even though he felt insubstantial to me. I furtively put
out my hand, which passed right through the tails of his
tuxedo. No fabric. No zone of cold or anything like that. It
felt like nothing.

Purple looked at me gravely and said, "They don't like
it when we do that." I assumed he meant when living people
touch ghosts, but I could never be certain with Purple.

The butler showed no sign of irritation and led us into

a large sitting room. I imagine it's what a smoking room
would look like, but I've never seen such a thing, so I can't
be certain. A minute later, an incredibly old man doddered
in. Not even his apparent age did him justice, because he
was a ghost, t00 — he was even more transparent than his
butler. He seemed a little disturbed by my presence, but
Purple introduced me as the son of Either, whoever that is,
and this seemed to satisfy the troubled ghost, who wanted
to shake my hand. I looked at Purple, not sure if I should
touch the ghost if | wasn't supposed to, but he nodded.
While there was no sensation of actually touching any-
thing, I did get a stiff chill when my hand "contacted" the
outline of the ghost's. I dida rather poor job being a mitror-
image of his handshake, but the ghost again seemed satisfied,
so I sat when he did. The chill of that handshake never left
me all evening.

Pil note briefly that this is where I learned Purple's real
name; the ghost used it. I won't repeat it here, but I am
investigating. If it leads to any breakthroughs concerning
warlocks, I will share that information.

As soon as our conversation with the ghost started, a
storm began to brew outside. The rain got quite intense, with
thunder and lightning. I mention this only because the
stormed died down and faded completely when the ghost
eventually appeared to sleep.

The evening was bizarre and doesn't bear too many
specifics — not that I could account them accurately,
anyway. The old ghost and Purple launched into a conver-
sation, but Purple barely paid attention. He seemed to know
what the old ghost was going to say before it was said. Purple
once answered before the ghost even finished the question,
and the ghost seemed to notice. Purple apologized, and the
old man went back to all kinds of chattering. I have abso-
lutely no idea what they talked about. It sounded like
chemistry, but I know some of that, so maybe it was alchemy.
I got the impression that the conversation was identical
every time Purple visited.

One other "ghostly" — if you will — thing happened
while we were there. The butler brought in a tray of port,
which I accepted and drank to be polite when I saw that y
Purple was drinking. The old ghost drank it as well, and

eee ee were at ee EE

when he swallowed I watched the liquid slide down his
throat to his stomach. His swallow faded from view after a
a
Ss nn See 4 ee ee fos


To normal people, all spirits
poltergeists and possessors, are invisible and incorpo-
real, meaning that physical objects pass through
them as if the spirits were mere projections. Con-
versely, spirits can pass through physical objects.
There is a cost to a spirit for either activity: One
Willpower point must be expended for a spirit in any
scene during which she passes through a "real world"
object or obstacle (a wall, for example) or has some-
thingorsomeone (a weapon, car orhand) pass through
or intrude upon her. Spirits dislike this sensation, so
they avoid such collisions whenever possible. Note
that a spirit need expend only one Willpower point
per scene; thereafter, she may pass through anything
physical (or vice versa) without penalty.

A hunter employing second sight and edges
perceives spirits as he would any physical entity. That
does not mean punches and bullets — mundane
attacks — affect a ghost, though. Edges are usually
required to inflict any harm upon ghosts. Consider
ghosts to have the same health levels as a living
person. However, bashing and lethal attacks are all
the same to them; they can all be soaked.

A spirit subsists on emotions, often ones tied to
the reason the creature lingers after death in the first
place. Some spirits wait for a mortal in their vicinity
toexperienceanger, hope or fear, forexample, whereas
others use their powers to inspire such feelings in a
target. Alternatively, a spirit can regain one Will-
power point for every 24 hours she spends in
undisturbed rest at or near a person, place or thing she
haunts (see Ghost Weaknesses, below).

moment, but each time the ghost drank, I watched the port
as if I had x-ray vision. It was very unnerving.

This all went on for some time until the old ghost

After several minutes, Purple suddenly told me it was time
to leave.

After we left, I asked Purple why he bothered to speak
to the old man if the conversation was always the same. (I
didn't refer to him as.a ghost in case Purple, in his seemingly
addled state of mind, didn't realize what the man really
w

s.) Purple answered, "When he sleeps, I can look in his
library." Purple became excited then and shouted, "That's
it! I look in his library!"

It was the last time I saw Purple. The old mansion
burned down the next week. Upon hearing the news, I got
the strange feeling that Purple decided to burn down the
house instead of kill me after he snapped out of whatever
spell he was under. I have no way to know. It was just a
| weird feeling.

| seemed to doze off. Purple and I sat there a while longer,
| and Purple kept looking around as if he was confused.

om

Guosr Prorne

The following describes an example of a new
ghost, someone who died recently.

Attributes: Strength 3*, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: (choose from) Alertness 2, Athletics 2,
Brawl 3, Bureaucracy 3, Computer 3, Crafts 3, Dodge 3,
Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Finance 2, Intimidation 3,
Investigation 2, Leadership 2, Medicine 2, Occult 2,
Politics 1, Security 2, Subterfuge 4, Survival 4

Willpower: 8

The following represents an aged ghost, one who
has been around for a century or so.

Attributes: Strength 6*, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Abilities: (choose from) Academics 3, Alertness4,
Animal Ken 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Computer 1,
Crafts 2, Dodge 5, Empathy 3, Etiquette 4, Expres-
sion 4, Finance 4, Firearms 4, Intimidation 5,
Investigation 4, Law 4, Leadership 3, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 4, Melee 5, Occult 4, Politics 4, Si
Security 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5, Surv
Willpower: 11
The following details an ancient ghost, one who
has been dead for several centuries.

Attributes: Strength 8*, Dexterity 7, Stamina 9,
Charisma 6, Manipulation 9, Appearance 6, Percep-
tion 7, Intelligence 7, Wits 8

Abilities: (choose from) Academics 7, Alert-
ness 7, Animal Ken 5, Athletics 6, Awareness 5,
Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Empathy 1, Etiquette 5, Expression 4,
Finance 7, Firearms 3, Intimidation 7, Investigation 4,
Law 4, Leadership 7, Linguistics 5, Medicine 5, Me-
lee 6, Occult 5, Politics 7, Science 3, Security 5,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 7, Survival 7

Willpower: 14

*Note that the Strength Attribute for ghosts
applies only to uses of powers along the lines of
solidify (see Poltergeist Powers), wherein the ghost
exerts his will to apply force against/ upon a physical
object or entity.

Weanesses

As creatures of habit, ghosts can be depended
upon to frequent a single locale or to hang around a
particular person. predictability means
that ghosts can be easy to find. Ghosts who haunt
places tend to do so in numbers (sometimes by the
dozen), and they often defend one another. Some
vampires "harvest" ghosts and find such clusters of
spirits irresistible. Unlucky hunters may find them-
selves caught between the two groups.

| Re Hed ay ees tee
Ey Pre


Guosr Powers

Every ghost used to bea person, something reflected
in each ghost's personality. Some of them use their
powers to do harm, others try to eke out a benign
existence. Hunters don't always have the time or incli-
nation toseparate one type from the other. The following
are only samples of the powers that ghosts can possess.
The Storyteller may design new ones or borrow ones
from other classes of spirits.

New ghosts typically have three powers, none of
them beyond a fairly low level. Old ghosts have four to
five powers at weak to moderate levels. Ancient ghosts
have five to six powers, each at moderate to potent levels.

Teleport: This power is typically limited to a ghost's
line of sight. Ghosts teleport to avoid harm or elude
detection. They can use this ability in combat. With age
and expertise, a ghost can even teleport to locales beyond
line of sight. A ghost subjected to the Burden power cannot
teleport unless the immobilizing power is broken. A Will-
power point allows a ghost to teleport once per turn.

Short Circuit: Although the name of this power
implies targets limited to electronics, ghosts can use short
circuit to affect (as in activate or jam) even simple
machines — the trigger of a gun, for example. Experi-
enced ghosts can use short circuit to send a jolt of
electrical current through any conductive substance (metal
or water) to shock a mortal in contact with an appropriate
object (a rifle or puddle). short-circuit damage upon
a number of dice equal to the ghost's Willpower rating,
difficulty 6; damage can be bashing ot lethal. This power
also has the potential to render machines with electrical
systems temporarily or permanently inoperable.

It costs a point of Willpower to activate short
circuit for each use.

Emotion Control: Ghosts with this power can influ-
ence a mortal's emotional state. Young, inexperienced
ghosts can spur only blunt feelings such as lust, grief or fear.
Older ghosts' range includes joy, hope and love, which can
be induced tonear-paralyzing levels. Ancient ghosts expert
in controlling humans' emotions can imbed a strong feel-
ing about some entity, activity or location. Thereafter, the
person remains convinced that he always felt that way.

Spend a point of Willpower and make a Willpower
roll (based on rating, not current score) for a ghost using an
emotion-control power; difficulty equals the target's Will-
power. Success induces the desired emotion in the target.
A ghost that instills an emotion in order to feed receives a
point of Willpower for each success rolled in the effort, up
to the being's normal Willpower limit. Using emotion
control to feed can be accomplished only once per scene.

If a Conviction point is spent for a hunter in a
scene, he is immune to emotion-control attempts. If no
point is spent, the imbued person is as open to ghostly
meddling as any mortal. The Storyteller may allow a
hunter already under ghostly emotion control to resist
for any scene in which a point of Conviction is spent.
Once the scene ends, the hunter may again be a slave to
feelings implanted by the spirit.

CHAPTERS: THEENEMY

|

|
!
|

Povrecaisrs 7

I call this next group of spirits "poltergeists." That word
literally means "noisy ghost" in German, and poltergeists are
indeed like ghosts, but worse if you can imagine that. Where
ghosts tend to keep to themselves, poltergeists seem as
intent on hurting us as we might them. They are ghosts with
bad attitudes, I suppose, which may mean there's not really
a difference of types as much as a difference in individuals.

I suspect there is a difference in type, though. While
ghosts seem more concerned with "global" effects (like
making Fisherman's Wharf look like it did a hundred years
ago), poltergeists are more concerned with local effects,
with what one hunter-net poster called "deliberate" effects
— rotting floorboards beneath your feet, causing a wall to
drip blood, or moving something from one part of the house
to another. These phenomena do not seem intended to
entertain subjects, but to scare them or cause harm. Some-
times, however, poltergeists apparently form attachments to
‘one or more people, and these unwitting folks are subject to
friendly pranks. Such spirits tend to interpret the actions of
others toward their chosen humans in black-and-white
terms. The slightest misstep and the poltergeist heaps misery
on the offender.

Take this next post, for instance. The spirit of the small
girl (who the author calls a "ghost" but whom I believe fits
my "poltergeist" category) might have left the couple in the
house alone if she didn't believe her "friends" had turned
their backs on her.

Eventually someone is gonna find out what you do. Or if
not, you're better at this than me. For me it was my brother, Jack.
Jack asked me to look into a situation with his girlfriend, who was
having problems with the house she'd moved into: things being
moved, stovetops being turned on — that kind of thing. We told
her I was in construction and that I could fix anything.

T took a look and detected some kind of a presence in the
house. Jack took her away for the weekend to get her out of the
way. Maybe I was getting cocky, but I figured it couldn't be all
that hard; one little ghost, and from what I could figure, just the
spirit of a little girl

I don't know how she died, but she didn't like me messing
with her shit. She went from making noises to throwing things. I
had to run from the living room when she got ahold of the fireplace
pokers. Stupid. I wound up in the kitchen, which was worse.

I got the little bitch, but she left me with 115 stitches to
remember her by.

Regrettably, the author doesn't indicate exactly how he
resolved this matter, but we can probably assume that he
found some means of physically interacting with the polter-
geist, or perhaps confronted her with a token of her sad fate
among the living.

I've personally had a number of encounters with pol-
tergeists, and I'm happy to say that I've resorted to
destruction in only one case. I've found that as much as a
poltergeist may seem to haunt a place, such a tendency may

y


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

actually be more the domain of ghosts. Poltergeists appear
tobe more attached to specific items, like a mirror or child's
toy. Removing it prompts the poltergeist to move as well
In my one case, an old log book continued to find its way
back to a train station. The poltergeist's behavior became

Povrercersy PROFKE

The following describes an exemplary young polter-
geist, one dead only a short time.

Attributes: Strength 4*, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilit choose from) Alertness 2, Athletics 2,
Brawl 4, Computer 3, Crafts 3, Dodge 3, Drive 3, Eti-
quette 3, Intimidation 3, Investigation 2, Leadership 2,
Medicine 2, Occult 2, Politics 1, Security 2, Subterfuge 4,
Survival 4, Technology 3

Willpower: 8

The following represents an older poltergeist, one
dead for perhaps a century.

eS

increasingly harmful until I had no choice but to destroy
the book. The flames spread unusually fast. I had to get out
of the station, but a fire truck arrived in time to put it out.
That was the last I heard of the spirit.

Attributes: Strength 5*, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Abilities: (choose from) Academics 3, Alertness 4,
Animal Ken 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Computer 1, Crafts 2,
Dodge 5, Drive 2, Empathy 3, Etiquette 4, Expression 4,
Intimidation 5, Investigation 3, Leadership 3, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 4, Occult 4, Politics 4, Science 3, Security 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5, Survival 5, Technology 1

Willpower: 11

The following details a rare poltergeist who has been
hanging around for hundreds of years.

Attributes: Strength 7*, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7,
Charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 4, Perception 6,
Intelligence 6, Wits 7


Abilities: (choose from) Academics 7, Alertness 7,
Animal Ken 5, Athletics 6, Awareness 5, Brawl 6, Crafts 1,
Dodge 5, Empathy 1, Etiquette 5, Expression 4, Intimi-
dation 7, Investigation 4, Leadership 7, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 5, Occult 5, Politics 7, Science 3, Security 5,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 7, Survival 7

Willpower: 14

*The Strength Attribute comes into play for pol-
tergeists only when a power such as solidify (see
Poltergeist Powers) is used to apply force against/ upon
a physical object or entity.

Wennesses

Subsisting on base emotions such as fear, anger and
frustration, poltergeists seldom survive to the grand age
that the oldest ghosts reach. Whether this is true be-
cause poltergeists chase away their own sustenance or
because other spirits put them down as "inconvenient
neighbors" is uncertain. However, while they exist,
these spirits can be real trouble.

As I stated before, I don't know if the ability to
possess someone is available to all spirits, or if that's how
a certain variety interacts with the world. (By possession,
I mean a spirit occupying the same as a human or
animal and somehow controlling the living being.) No
possessed individual has ever answered my questions on
the subject. And no, that's not dumb: Spirits can still
speak through their hosts.

Dealing with possession victims is one of the most
difficult trials you can face as a hunter. You must use
restraint now more than ever. You have to remember that
the person — perhaps even a child — is not responsible for
his actions. He's under the direct control of another being.
This is all the more frightening when you realize that the
spirit has absolutely no concern for the well-being of its
1 host. If you strike its body down, probably killing or

injuring a harmless person, the spirit simply slips away —
or returns in another body if it's angry enough. And the
new victim may be the last person you expect — a loved
one or even another hunter.

Consider this sad story posted on the original hunter-net.

Ididn't mean to kill the old man. It was a bad situation and
it came down to him or me: I was unarmed and he had a
shotgun! I think the thing inside was convinced it had me, but
I can be quick. I knocked the gun aside and hit him as hard as
I could. The poor bastard fell out a window. I heard two screams
when he died: the old man's and another, meaner sound that
sent shivers down my spine. I didn't know at the time that there
was a ghost inside the old man, making him do all that stuff. 1
didn't learn the truth till later.

The ghost must have followed me after I slipped out the
back of the old apartment building. About three days later, it
came back. This time it took my girlfriend. She was only five-

Almost by definition, "noisy ghosts" aren't interested
in fitting in unnoticed among humanity or using their
abilities for subtle manipulation. These angry, destructive
spirits might be so patient as to direct their powers against
items whose breakage generates the desired human re-
sponse —but typically not. Whereas ghosts often try tohide
their activity, a poltergeist lets it all hang out (a levitating
brick inspires terror even before it flies at someone's head).
The following are only samples of the powers that polter-
geists can possess. The Storyteller may design new ones or
borrow ones from other classes of spirits.

Young poltergeists typically have three powers,
none of them beyond a fairly low level. Older ones have
four to five powers at weak to moderate levels. Anti-
quated poltergeists, who are uncommon indeed, have
five to six powers, each at moderate to potent levels.

Solidify: This power encompasses the effects asso-
ciated with the classic poltergeist: invisibly moving or
striking objects or living things, inexplicable noises,
and so on. Poltergeists who've been stirring up trouble
for decades can set an entire roomful of small items in
motion at once. True masters of solidify can send
furniture flying and even upend cars. A Willpower
point allows a ghost to activate solidify once per turn.

Ick: Whereas ghosts are usually reluctant to em-
ploy this power, poltergeists show no such hesitancy.
Ick produces copious amounts of a slick, mucous goo
wherever the poltergeist desires. Common uses include
contamination of foods (for the purpose of gross-outs)
and the ensliming of floors or roadways (to create
hazardous conditions). Apply the line-of-sight rule to
placement of ick (i.e., not beyond the user's view).
Expert poltergeists can cause ick to manifest inside the
nose and mouth of a target (even a moving one) to
suffocate him. This substance can be expelled or re-
moved, but an affected character can do nothing else
until his breathing passages are clear.

It costs a point of Willpower to activate ick. Roll
a number of dice equal to the poltergeist's Willpower,
difficulty 6, to determine how many quarts of ick result
(one per success). Ick lingers for no more than one
scene, then vanishes without a trace.

Combustion: Poltergeists use this power to start fires.

The speed with which such flames ignite depends
on the expertise of the spirit and the flammability of the
targeted material. A young poltergeist can set a cotton
garment ablaze in three turns; an older, more seasoned
one in two turns; a crusty, malevolent poltergeist can do
so in one tur (roll Willpower, difficulty 6). The less
flammable the substance, the higher the difficulty (wood:
difficulty 7; normally flame-resistant fabric: difficulty 8;
hard plastic: difficulty 9; glass, ceramics and durable
metals cannot be ignited with combustion).

The wearer or bearer of something targeted with
combustion gets to make a Wits + Alertness roll each turn.
to determine if he notices the item's increasing heat.

One point of Willpower activates combustion
against one target. The user must apply the power
without interruption for flames to result.


HUNTER: THERECKONING

two, maybe 110 pounds soaking wet. I didn't expect to be
thrown across the room. I hit hard enough to break two ribs
and the beam behind the dry wall. She stood over me with this
insane look, screaming all kinds of fucked up shit about me
killing her and how she was going to get me. That's when I
made the connection to the old man.

This story illustrates a good point, especially where
possession victims are concerned: Even if your morals
don't keep you from killing defenseless people, you are
not above the law. A dead body is a dead body as far as the
police are concerned. They won't believe your stories
about what was inside it. They have no idea what you're
talking about. If that danger alone is enough to keep you
from killing human hosts, then please come up with
another plan.

Take the following post, for example. This gentle-
man not only showed restraint, but he had enough
evidence to avoid trouble with the law. Keep in mind that
evidence of self-defense may have to be self-inflicted

What are you supposed to do when you have to fight a
little kid? I'm over six feet tall and weigh 235 pounds. I used
to do some boxing; I'm no pushover. I know what to do against
a zombie. They're dead already and determined to kill. Little
kids are a different story.

He was about seven, and I just couldn't bring myself to
hit him. It was like child abuse, even though he had a knife. He
slashed at my legs and groin, but all I could think about was
killing a poor kid.

Finally, I grabbed his arm, pinned him and hog tied him.
I think that's when the spirit left his body in frustration; the kid
just started crying. I didn't know if it was a trick or not. Now
the kid's getting counseling. I got off the hook, but I still feel
like shit.

I have only one posted example of a possessed
animal. I haven't encountered the phenomenon myself,
but I have little doubt that it's possible. If a human's
mind and body can be controlled, why not an animal's?
1 guess an animal's mind could be easier to influence
because it's less complex. But then, an animal might be
more difficult to control because it's foreign to once-
human spirits. Maybe animal spirits possess the bodies of
other animals, for that matter.

Here's the post as I've copied it.

There is a small village, not far from where I live, where
people were being killed by wild animals. Because of my
position, I was asked to attend to the matter. I expected to find
a lion that was starving or that had gone mad. Instead, I
arrived in time to see a pack of hyenas circling the village. I
have encountered hyenas all my life. They are not brave
animals. Though they might attack a lone child or even an
adult if they are hungry enough, I have never heard of or seen
them attack a village.

The hyenas saw me coming and sat perfectly still, study-
ing me as I studied them. I saw that they were not in control
of themselves. The ghosts of several men I knew when I was

Possession PROFRE
Ratings are provided for normal people and ani-
mals, and for possessed bodies (in parentheses).

These statistics are for an adult human.

Attributes: Strength 3 (7), Dexterity 3 (5),
Stamina 3 (5), Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appear-
ance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3 (5)

Abilities: (choose from) Alertness 2, Athletics 2,
Brawl (3), Dodge (3), Firearms (2), Intimidation (4),
Melee (2), Occult (3), Stealth 3, Subterfuge (3), Sur-
vival 1 (3)

Willpower: Appropriate to type of ghost

These statistics are for a child.

Attributes: Strength 1 (4), Dexterity 3, Stamina
2 (5), Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3,
Perception 2, Intelligence 2 (4), Wits 3 (5)

Abilities: (choose from) Alertness 2, Dodge 1,
Melee (3), Performance 2, Stealth 3 (4), Subterfuge 3

Willpower: Appropriate to type of ghost

Power spirit in possession of a human host
may not be able to manifest any of its unearthly powers,
or it may have access to some or all of those powers
available to it. A possessing spirit that abandons its
host certainly has full range of powers. A spirit still in
a body may attempt to disguise its existence, protect its
host or attack anyone who threatens. A liberated ghost
could attack, disappear or attempt to possess another
being, human or animal.

A hunter with active second sight sees the super-
imposed image of the ghost overlaying the body it
controls. Spending a point of Conviction for a hunter
makes her immune to possession attempts for a scene.
Ifa hunter is possessed when defenses are down, subse-
quent Conviction expenditures, if any, may give the
character self-control for the duration of the scene or
may expel the possessing spirit automatically.

Like humans who are possessed by spirits, animals
are made substantially stronger. These statistics are for
a large dog.

Attributes: Strength 3 (6), Dexterity 4, Stamina
2 (4), Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0,
Perception 4, Intelligence 2 (4), Wits 1 (3)

Abilities: (choose from) Alertness 2, Athletics 3,
Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Powers: None, but once the animal is stopped or
destroyed, the hunter must deal with the disembodied
spirit. This spirit could attack, disappear or attempt to
possess another being, human or animal

A hunter with active second sight sees the superim-
posed image of the ghost overlaying the animal itcontrols.

aon SE ey SA. gees: ate.

eal, pal < "ee

a


A » Wee pat gs Gee:

a child possessed them, riding within their bodies and making
them do things they would not normally do.

These men were from my village and they did not under-
stand that we had made peace with the other long ago. Before
I could explain, they attacked. I was prepared and used the
rifle I received as a gift from my uncle. I killed the animals, and
then used the gifts I have been given to send the spirits back to
where they belonged. They were very strong. The hyenas they
controlled had terrible strength.

Spirits present a number of problems in all their
various forms. I summarize these and other apparent
abilities here.

1. Most spirits are noncorporeal, which means they
are very difficult to harm in a physical manner. Unfortu-
nately, when spirits do assume physical form, it's often in
a possession victim. Fortunately, many hunters' special
abilities that I've witnessed and heard of can affect spirits,
even those hiding within living bodies.

2. Ghosts appear to have what I call a zone of
control. Within this zone, they can do many different
things, like radiate cold, brew a thunder storm or even roll
back time as at Fisherman's Wharf. A poltergeist seems to
operate in a much smaller area, though the effects are
more immediate and powerful. Some spirits that possess
victims have been reported to use powers at the same
time, and to impart great strength to their hosts.

3. Ghosts seem to exist in repeating patterns or at
least have habits they cannot shake. They always walk
the same stretch of road or are always active at the same
time of night. Poltergeists seem to be attached to even
more particular areas (again, a small "zone of control").
For instance, they cannot leave a particular spot or they
are always near a certain item.

SnaPECHANGERS

It comes as no surprise to me that werewolves exist.
Or at least, beings we may as well dub werewolves walk
the Earth. If | can accept that vampires, ghosts, zombies
and goblins exist, it's really no stretch to accept that
creatures who can assume the shapes of people and ani-
malsare real. In fact, shapechangers seem to be the closest
thing to natural in the supernatural world. Yet there's no
denying that a half-person, half-animal is not really true
to either of the species that makes it up.

Reported werewolf behavior only seems to com-
pound their paradox. They have been known to hurt
hunters, save hunters and in my case advise hunters. Yet
of one thing there is little doubt: shapechangers are
formidable fighters and, at their worst, the least human-
appearing of the beings we face.

Let me illustrate by way of a couple posts from the old
web site. I'm saving my own experience with werewolves
to close not only this section, but this report.

We were set up. Someone or something caught wind of
us, and we were set up. Not just afew rots, but a mob of them.
I had two other hunters with me. We were prepared for
trouble, but it got out of hand fast. Raj, may he rest in peace,
was torn to pieces. There was nothing Audrey or I could do
about it. We were both too busy trying to find a way out of the
place with our heads still attached. Whoever set us up did a
great job: Two heavy dumpsters blocked our entrance into the
alley, and all the windows into the surrounding buildings were
barred. It looked hopeless until they showed up.

By "they" I mean four of the biggest dogs I'd ever seen.
"Fuck me!" I thought. Like a mob of walking dead wasn't
enough. But that's when the lead mutt leapt full into the air
and tore into one of the rots! The others crashed into the crowd
right behind.

But even with the weird dogs' help, there were just too
many corpses. | managed to pry one off me when the first of
the dogs went down. About three seconds later, he came back
up, only he wasn't a dog anymore. Dogs don't stand 10 feet
tall, and they sure as hell don't carry big-ass knives. I wish I
could explain what that thing looked like, but it isn't easy. Sort
of like something between a bear and Big Foot, only bigger and
meaner. Then the others in the pack changed, too, growing
bigger and wider. Two of them stayed on all fours, and two
stood on their hind legs, like people

All four of them were torn and cut and scraped to shit, but
the wounds just disappeared like they'd never been there. The
good news was the zombies didn't get back up after the
monsters were done with them. I never saw anything move so
fast or cause so much damage. One of them pushed a rot
through a brick wall — clean inside the building.

When it was over, there was just me, Audrey and the four
of them. One of them seemed to shrink a little and asked
gruffly if we were okay. I think I nodded.

That's one side of the werewolf equation. Here's
another.

I was in Mexico City for the Day of the Dead. I wanted
to see what happened down there, and if the deaders would
make anything special of it. They did, but that's another story.

This story is about how I got myself lost in the worst w
There are parts of Mexico City where an American shouldn't
go, and I managed to get stuck in one when the sun was
setting. I was doing my best to stay calm when I "saw" the
werewolf. It was sitting with two guys, playing a game of dice
and losing. I guess it didn't take that too well. When the guys
started laughing, it changed. One of them ran away, scream-
ing like the Devil himself was biting his ass. The other one
pulled a knife and started yelling something in Spanish. I don't
speak much Spanish.

What I do know is, this thing was huge. It stood in the
street and howled loud enough to almost deafen me. Then it

CHAPYERS:THEENEMY

een eee wee ee, | © ee Sa

~~

grabbed the guy with the knife and just tore him in half. I've
done my share of fighting zombies, but I've never in all my
time seen something like that.

— -


=a

Call me stupid — I do every day — but I tried to stop it

It didn't tear me in half, but it tried damn hard. The doctor

says another six or seven months and I might be able to use

my left arm again. I certainly won't be hunting anymore.

Even if I could, I don't have the guts to face some-
thing like that again.

Maybe this werewolf tangled with
die lounerenly becuase beineeniered
— and rightfully so. As long as these
creatures try to kill people, they can
yj expect more conflicts with the imbued.
LF If it's a form of vigilante justice the
werewolves exact, then they're going
too far with it.

I have one more old post about
werewolves. It's important to provide all these
given how enigmatic shapechangers seem to be.

.. The more info we share, the more we all
‘know, and the more people and perhaps even
el D souls we can save.

Se, I've heard some stories: There are things
is rg out there that can look human and then
3 "change." I saw one — I think — late at
night. It was wrecking a construction site,

9 the framework for a new shopping center
Te used its strength and size to do most

of the damage, and then sat down on what was left of a
bulldozer and drank a beer! I looked right at it, but I couldn't
believe it existed. It was like my mind didn't want to accept it,
but I forced it to.

After about 10 minutes, it got agitated and looked
around. I heard the sirens a few seconds later. The thing was
right in front of my eyes, like my hand in front of my face —
and then it was gone. It just vanished! I didn't see it move
past me, but I think I felt the heat of its breath

~ So what was this shapechanger doing? Maybe

. it was making a statement about the con-

struction site. At least, that's all I can

think. Maybe now you understand why
I'm so baffled by werewolves.

Yet despite the confusion, there
are some facts we can rely upon.

1. Shapechangers seem to have a
range of transformation, all the way
from animal to man-beast to human.

2. A full moon does not appear to
be required for this transformation.
3. There's no known evidence

to suggest that a bite turns a sur-
vivor intoa shapechanger. In fact,

I get the impression from my ex-
perience that there's a genetic basis
for werewolves, so maybe they're
another race that's co-existed with
humans for... forever?


Shapechangers are commonly wolves, but can
also combine human form and that of a different
animal. Shapechangers can take several different
shapes between human and animal. The following
statistics represent a werewolf in each of its five forms.
The base rating is that of human form, followed by
parenthetical ratings for these shapes: mostly human/
man-beast/ mostly wolff wolf. It takes an action to
change shape and costs a Willpower point to change
from one form to another, whether from human to
nearly human or human to wolf.

Human form is exactly that. A hunter with
active second sight perceives that something is amiss
about a shapechanger in this form, but actual detec-
tion edges — such as Discern — are required to
understand the creature's true nature. Werewolves in
human form have no special abilities.

A werewolf in "mostly human" shape is stronger
and on the average a foot taller than anormal person.
The being is a little hairy; the change is radical
enough that it's difficult to recognize a person in this
stage. In "man-beast" form, the creature gains tre-
mendous mass and size; the average height of these
creatures is nine feet, with a weight of nearly 400
pounds. Anyone looking at a werewolf in man-beast
form knows it's inhuman. In "mostly wolf" form, a
werewolf looks almost exactly like a wolf, but it's
larger. In "wolf" form, a werewolf looks like, and for
all intents is, a wolf. Second sight still indicates a
shapechanger in nearly wolf or wolf form as wrong,
whereas detection edges explain how.

The following ratingsare foran average werewolf.

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/
56/6), Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5), Charisma 2, Manipula-
tion 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: (choose from) Alertness 2, Animal
Ken 2, Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 4,
Drive 1, Empathy I, Expression 2, Firearms 3, Intim:
dation 4, Melee 2, Occult 2, Stealth 4, Streetwise 5,
Subterfuge 3, Survival 3

Willpower: 10

The following ratings are for a huge werewolf.

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/
5/6/6), Stamina 5 (7/8/8/6), Charisma 2, Manipula-
tion 5 (4/0/0/0), Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: (choose from) Academics 2, Alertness 3,
Athletics 3, Awareness 4, Brawl 5, Computer 1,
Dodge 5, Drive 2, Empathy 1, Etiquette 3, Expression 3,
Finance 2, Firearms 4, Intimidation 5, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Leadership 4, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Melee 3,
Occult 4, Politics 1, Security 2, Streetwise 3, Subter-
fuge 3, Survival 4
Willpower: 14

Silver causes one level of damage each time it
comes in contact with a werewolf. Even a small
amount of silver that's not in the form of a weapon —
jewelry, forexample — inflicts thisdamage. A weapon
made of silver inflicts normal damage. Health levels
lost to silver in any form cannot be soaked. Not can
they be regenerated.

4. In man-animal form, shapechangers are im-
mensely strong, perhaps stronger than any other being of
which I've heard.

My own encounter with werewolves was odd, to say
the least. On my way back to the dorm one afternoon, |
came across a teenager sitting on a bench, red-faced like
he'd been crying — or was trying not to. Normally I might
have left him alone, but since my change, I take on more
responsibility for the people around me. I stopped to see if
he was all right.

Push almost came to shove, but he finally admitted
he was a runaway; that he was fine, only hungry. My
scholarship offers more meal credit than I need, so I took
the kid to the campus cafeteria.

While we ate, he told me an amazing story that I'll
share in a future addendum to this article. Essentially it
was about his life as "kin" to a special family. He was
evasive about the family, but was upset that he wasn't
fully accepted for some reason. The kid looked human to
my sight, but I still sensed something strange about him,
so I egged him on for more information to find out what
this "family" might really be.

He alluded to a few more details, but nothing that I
could make sense of. That's when he got a shocked look
on his face, and swore. I followed his stare to see a group
of three adults, two women and a man, outside the
window. One woman and the man appeared to be a
couple. Their features reminded me of Native Ameri-
cans. The second woman was young and Caucasian. She
pointed around the campus like she was some sort of tour
guide. I used my sight and knew the feral features of the
Native man and woman. I surmised they were something,
but I wasn't sure what at the time.

Of course, using my particular sight immediately
drew the couple's attention to me — right through the
plate-glass window — as it did with other beings I had
studied. They seemed irritated at first, as if | had intruded
upon them, but their eyes quickly diverted to the teen-
ager with me.

The man motioned both of the women to stay put,
and strode through the cafeteria doors. The boy pleaded,
"Thanks for the food, but please don't mention what I
told you."

CHAPTERS: THEENEMY


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Hysteria: In addition to changing shapes,
werewolves have several powers. The mere presence of
a werewolf in any form other than human or wolf is
enough to drive normal people (and hunters for whom a
point of Conviction has not been spent) mad. They flee
in terror, become catatonic or overlook the whole scene.
Any contact with werewolves is also forgotten com-
pletely. Hunters with active protection from mind control
(a point of Conviction has been spent for the scene) are
immune to these effects.

Speed and Resilience: Werewolves can take extra
actions during combat turns, and they can regenerate
damage they sustain. A werewolf may take a number of
additional actions equal to its Dexterity rating ina turn,
with the expenditure of one Willpower point. Thus, a
werewolf with 5 Dexterity has a total of six actions. Each
extra action can be used to perform only one feat;
multiple feats for each action are not allowed.

Werewolf actions may be used to heal. Damage is
removed at the rate of one health level, whether bashing
or lethal, per action dedicated to regenerating. Each
level recovered also costs one Willpower point. Regen-
eration cannot heal wounds inflicted by fire or silver.

Werewolf speed and healing can be combined in
the same turn. If a Willpower point is spent to give
extra actions to a werewolf with 4 Dexterity, the crea-
ture may heal two health levels of damage (for an
additional two Willpower) and take three other ac-
tions in the turn.

Claws and Teeth: The claws and teeth of a werewolf
inflict Strength +1 lethal damage. Neither form of harm
can normally be soaked by hunters, unless armor is worn.
There is no Willpower cost for these bonuse:

Predatory Skills: Werewolves have innate, height-
ened senses that allow them to track their prey through
almost impossible terrain, across rivers, and even through
areas of heavy traffic without losing the scent. This power
requires a Perception + Alertness roll, with a difficulty
that ranges from 4 (in a forest on a clear day) all the way
to 9 (the tracks are old, there is a lot of traffic in the area
and it has been raining). Success means a shapechanger
can continue to follow the trail for up to an hour or day,
depending on the circumstances, even if the trail is
broken and faded.

The same roll can allow some werewolves to "see"
with their heightened hearing much like a bat uses sonar.
They can find their prey easily, even in complete dark-
ness. The Blind Fighting/ Fire rules (p. 192) do not apply
to these werewolves.

Vanishing: Most werewolves have the ability to
disappear, almost as if they leave the world itself. They
must look at a reflection to accomplish this feat. A
successful Willpower roll, difficulty 6, is required, and a
Willpower point must be spent. It takes one action to
disappear in this way. Not even hunter second sight or
detection edges can locate a "departed" werewolf.


The man gave mea piercing stare when he reached our
booth. "Timothy. It's time to go home." He helped the boy
from his seat and they walked out. Before they left, the man
turned to me briefly — and I think he sniffed at me.
Outside, the "family" parted ways with the tour guide, who
seemed miffed. Then they went around the building to

what I knew was the service entrance, a private area.

Partly out of curiosity, partly because I wanted to
make sure the boy wasn't going to be hurt, I snuck the
other way around the building. I hid around the corner
and heard them talking. I could see their shadows against
an opposite wall. The man was speaking and gestured at
the boy. "Would you have been happier if I just showed
this to your friend?"

Then the most amazing transformation took place. I
could se

only silhouettes, but in the space of a second,
the man's shadow grew tall and bestial. It was like he put
on a costume and stood near a light to caste a huge,
distorted image. I wanted to look but couldn't budge

The boy muttered, "No," and the man told him to get
moving. The woman and boy walked back the way they
came. I started to edge away, afraid that the "man"
I was spying. He did. "Use your light for knowledge,
not for blinding," he said aloud. Then he was
gone, too.

new

In retrospect, the shapechanger's
words are the most profound I've
ever heard. Maybe they don't
seem so meaningful in
black and white, but
when you know
your life could

ay

have been snuffed out — but was spared — you get
sentimental. Hopefully you'll feel the same if you en-
counter a shapechanger. Though we've heard stories of
werewolf killing machines, my encounter redeems them
all for me — or at least tells me they're not all bad. Try
to find out where yours lies before you start shooting and
swinging.

So that's it. That's the bulk of the information I've
amassed and assembled. Many of the beings I've dis-
cussed seem to have little if any regard for human safety,
and it's terrifying to realize how prevalent they are. They
aren't at every street corner, home or subway station, but
they scem to turn up with disturbing frequency. Sure, a
warlock tipped me off to many of my encounters, but
plenty of others like the goblins in the pediatric ward
were pure chance.

But for every man-eating beast I've encountered, I've
spoken with a so-called monster that seemed more noble

and, if you will, human thana lot of the people I've known.
I know others have lost more — family and friends — but
I've lost my legs to a "monster," so I have as much reason
as anyone to hate them. But I don't. Maybe you can take
acue from me and give the "enemy" the
benefit of the doubt. Innocent
until proven guilty, right?

zeal as a cloak.
— Isaiah 59:17

Reecnox i: Huser Cone

Upon their imbuing, hunters are bequeathed an in-
tuitive means of communication that transcends any
conventional language or dialect. The Messengers instill
an understanding, knowledge and sense of application for
aseries of meaningful symbols. Hunters call this code "the
Word." They commonly interpret it and their inexpli-
cable awareness of it as angelic script; an unconscious
connection to a previous ot lost human culture; or as the
receipt of aliens' means of communication, perhaps mak-
ing the imbued ambassadors of some kind. Ultimately,
innate recognition and ability to use these icons is as
mysterious as the imbuing and Heralds themselves, and all
hunters seek their own answers to what this form of
dialogue truly means.

Intuitive understanding of the Word is not necessar-
ily compulsion to use it. A hunter doesn't feel an
irresistible urge to scrawl archaic or mystic-seeming sym-
bols. Rather, when hunters seek to reach out to each

| apes

For he put on righteousness as a breastplate, and
an helmet of salvation upon his head; and he put on the
garments of vengeance for clothing, and was clad with

other, perhaps to find anyone like themselves or to offer
a warning to others, these symbols emerge as a natural
means to convey the message. Of course, hunters could
simply use their existing languages to communicate: "I
destroy the unknown. Am I alone?" or "Caution: This
place is infested with monsters." However, doing so
would play their hand to the enemy and leave them

vulnerable. It wouldn't be long before monsters tracked
down such expressive graffiti artists or pamphlet authors
(perhaps such danger is the greatest weakness of hunter-
net and similar email lists).

Only hunters seem to understand the Word, and that
is its strength. Thus far, there's no indication to suggest
that monsters can interpret messages scrawled on subway
walls or tenement halls. The symbols have also appeared
online, apparently drawn, scanned and posted as
communiqués to other imbued, so humanity in general
and monsters in particular have witnessed the signs, with
no apparent repercussions. Presumably the images are
interpreted or dismissed as art or graphics of some kind.
Apparently, not even hunters who have fallen to the will

en CO as SA ees rete.


aR 2 Gee gat gs Bee

of monsters have reyealed the key to the Word, as if it's
beyond creatures' comprehension or even notice.

It might be possible for a hunter to reveal or teach the
Word to the enemy or normal people. So far, no one has
been known to try. Doing so would compromise all im-
bued and the war effort asa whole. Many hunters fear that
it's only a matter of time before their code is broken and
used against them. But until that day, they carry on and
put their trust or faith in the discretion of their allies.

Graffiti is by far the most common means of using
the hunter code. Imbued leave the Word for each other
in various urban settings, typically where such "artwork"
goes unnoticed by the masses, and where it is left unmo-
lested by the authorities. Drawing symbols on upscale
buildings not only risks arrest for vandalism, but the
signs are usually covered up or erased quickly. Signs are
most common in low-income urban areas — where,
perhaps, they're needed most: where monsters stalk prey
with impunity.

Hunter code has its shortcomings, though. Images
can be used individually or in combination — typically
up to three icons — to make a simple statement: "Pro-
tected"; "Safe Haven"; "Monster, Infested"; "Danger,
Puppet, Corruption." But that brevity and the resulting
subjectivity to interpretation makes the code cryptic.
"Danger? From what? According to whom?" The result
is uncertainty in communication between hunters. But
many of the imbued believe a vague warning to be better
than none at all.

The following are some of the common icons used
and witnessed by hunters. There may certainly be more,
No one
currently knows if ll icons used by hunters are known
universally, or if some symbols are the exclusive

province of certain groups. Feel free to make up

perhaps ones used by isolated hunter factions.

icons for your own chronicle, as long as
they're Storyteller approved.

oy RD ES oe Se et es EE a,

i
‘

—————"4

is
Al
i
1
[|
|

|


aa

Apessox 2-Husrnc Gear

You want to take on a bloodsucker with your pocket
knife? If you must deal with the walking dead, there are
better ways to die.

The biggest difference between experienced and nov-
ice hunters generally comes down to equipment. Sure,
you can turn to your edges (if you care to put your faith in
weird abilities granted by some unseen hand), but when
the chips are down, a prepared hunter survives by his own
skills and wits. Cocky hunters, inexperienced hunters,
unequipped hunters... well, by now you should know
what happens to them.

YueHunrer sResrrony

When stocking up, there are two major axioms to
remember. Unfortunately, they conflict. A hunter's gear
must be complete, so that any situation can be faced.
However, it must also be portable — fighting man-beasts
can't happen when the weight of your gear makes move-
ment impossible. Every good hunter learns to strike a

bargain between these two extremes. The best trade-off is
to go for multiple utility: portable items that can perform
lots of different jobs.

It's no surprise that many hunters adopt a paramili-
tary style. Military gear makes for a great way to carry lots
of survival equipment and weaponry, all with a couple of
surplus holsters, rucksacks and harnesses. Your appear-
ance can be intimidating; you're clearly prepared for
action and may possess an array of military training. But
this sort of appearance can also mark you as a wacko, or
it can advertise your intentions. Not only are police
suspicious of you, but the enemy may well see you coming
and prepare a welcome.

There's a lot to be said for subtlety, for looking like a
normal person and avoiding attention. Street clothes or
tailored suits, combined with concealed firearms, go a
long way toward letting you get close to your quarry. The
walking dead don't exactly pay attention to you when you
look like another member of the herd. Unfortunately, the
cops are more discerning. They tend to notice trench
coats in July. If you're wise, you scout out the enemy
without attracting attention, and then call in the backup
with the artillery.

!
|
|
!

i
i:

|
!
:
|

Some hunters invest a lot of religious significance to
the mission. "God made me who I am today." "Allah
speaks and we must heed." To each his own. Just don't
wear your faith on your sleeve. There's no evidence to
suggest that faith or religious symbols have any impact on
monsters. Sure, there are stories of fanatics who've turned
creatures back with an icon or religious sign, but there are
more stories of hunters trying and paying the price. We
imbued don't know who imbued us, regardless of what any
group believes, so put your faith in yourself as much as in
any divinity.

We operate mostly out of necessity. You may have
already cleaned out your bank account for the hunt, and
now you can't afford gear. You may be in a hurry; the
enemy doesn't wait around till you're ready and fully
supplied. Or you may always be on the lookout for
trouble, but you can't load yourself down at all times.
That's when a duffel bag and a few essentials are your
best friends. It can suck, and you can get caught short,
but it beats going overburdened or unarmed. Recom-
mended items are a variety of small firearms, spare
ammo, a couple of hand-held weapons (knives, maybe a
hatchet), a floodlight and small flashlight, spare batter-
ies, a first-aid kit, a hammer, pliers and, strangely enough,
candy bars and some sports drinks. You never know
when you'll hole up to observe a creature; the sugar rush
will keep you going.

A couple of tips for novices: Get some sort of body
armor. Odds are your prey can take a lot more bullets than
you can. Carry at least two weapons, since you'll undoubt-
edly lose one or discover it does no good. Carry ready
cash. (You expect to get mugged?) If you suddenly need to
get on that bus or rent a car or whatever, you need cash.
Avoid notice. Run if you're recognized. Know the area so
you know where to hide. You can strike back whenever
you're ready. Never hunt without prep work. You'll die
without achieving any of your goals.

Guns, Guns, Guns

Nothing evens up the odds like a piece. The enemy
may be able to change shapes, hide in people's bodies or
claw you open, but a bullet makes a statement —and from
a distance. Your target may not skip a beat, but if you're
smart enough to come with friends, you might do some
collective damage.

Yet there are drawbacks to relying on guns. They
may not make a scratch, or they might blow a hole wide
enough to climb through, without slowing your oppo-
nent a step. Ghosts don't seem to give a damn about
firearms. Possession victims don't know enough to care,
and its the victim, not the controller, who gets killed.
Meanwhile, zombies are killing machines, plain and
simple. They don't stop for anything. Don't expect a
piece to do the job. You'll get killed for it — or worse,
someone else will.

Guns attract attention. Once a firefight breaks out,
cops aren't far behind. Now this is not necessarily a bad
thing. Seems that some monsters don't want to show their
hand, which means they're quick to flee the scene. But if
you're intent on finishing one off, that means you have to
chase it. Just make sure the hunt remains on your terms,
not your target's.

Don't get caught by the cops. They won't understand.
They won't sympathize. Some are okay. Some are crooked.
Some are under the enemy's thumb. They'll all throw your
ass in jail. They'll interrogate you. They'll demand to
know what you were doing, who you were shooting at, and
who else was involved. They won't believe you about
monsters, but they will believe you about your allies.
Don't rat them out. If the cops are controlled by the
enemy, you guarantee your friends' deaths.

Guns leave a paper trail if you get them legally, and
they're a sure ticket to prison otherwise. If a few rounds
don't find the target, they're an investigator's dotted line.
They'll connect the dots to your gun, and then to you.

Getting a gun at all can be difficult and expensive.
You could lack the connections or you might be in a
hurry and unable to wait for registration. In places
outside the U.S., like Canada and Japan, gun laws are
even more strict. You're screwed.

If you can get a piece, know what you need. If you
want to shred a zombie, you need something hefty. A
9mm isn't going to piss off something that's already
dead. If your opposition is people who've been sub-
verted, aconcealable and readily available small-caliber
weapon is the way to go. Don't bother with rifles unless

you're creating a setup (it's not like you can run around
the streets at night with a hunting rifle). Should you be
dumb enough to "go fishing," by all means bring a rifle,
and remember that .22 long-rifle rounds are about the
Most common ammunition available. If you wear a
trench coat, the sawed-off shotgun is your best friend:
concealable, but able to take out almost anything — and
at short range.

About firearm accessories: laser sights, night vision
and suppressers are all great. They're also expensive, and
they show that you're a pro (or trying to be one). Since
odds are that nobody believes you're hunting zombies,
that means professional hitman. Don't go overboard. A
laser sight, scope or other piece of high-tech wizardry
can quickly reduce the concealability and maneuver-
ability of a weapon; factor in these losses when counting
the possible gains.

(Firearms and firefight rules are covered in Chapter 7.)

Micrrany Weapons xD Execosives

Hunters aren't the military. They're normal people
who stand up, once and for all. They don't have any
official training. That said, don't try to use military
weapons, even if you can get them. Supply officers keep

1
\,

}


meticulous records of everything from paper clips to
MIAQ2zs, so you will get caught. Thirty rounds of 5.56mm
NATO in six seconds may sound like a good idea, but
automatic weapons are designed to suppress multiple
enemies and force them to stay down, not to rip an entire
clip into a lone target. If you haven't served a military
stint, you won't be able to handle the recoil from an
automatic weapon, anyway.

The only automatic weapon worth recommending is
the submachine gun. Most guns in this class can be
concealed with some effort. Youcan control them. They're
easy to service. And they're available commercially (if
you take the time to convert them to automatic fire).
Still, save them for the parties with lots of goons. A full-
automatic weapon is a waste of time against a lone enemy.

Explosives are just plain dumb: You might kill the
target, but you will kill other people, quite possibly your-
self and your allies. If you think local police are bad, wait
until you deal with federal special task forces hunting you
for using demolitions. Once you go down that road (and
some wackos have), your partners may have to turn their
attention on you.

(See the Explosives rules, p. 207.)

Choe Cuor

Nine rounds from a .357 Desert Eagle and the damn
thing is still coming — and laughing! Sometimes bullets
don't do the trick, but you still have to, so you have to get
medieval. That means getting face to whatever-they-
call-face. That means knives, axes, machetes or even
swords — whatever the hell will drive the thing back into
the grave.

Most hand weapons are easy to conceal, like many
versatile firearms. A knife or hatchet can fit almost
anywhere on your body. But is that enough? Using one of
these means getting within inches of the enemy. A ma-
chete or sword has a lot more heft to it, and lends some
distance, but you can't hide those things, so plan accord-
ingly. Take a blade only when you know you can get away
with it: in ambushes, setups or traps. Hide it somewhere
in the area, somewhere you know you'll be and where you
know you can get at it: in some bushes, in a trash can or
a dumpster. Walking down the street with a sword only
draws the worst kind of attention.

A well-made bladed weapon is heavy. Modern con-
struction techniques can make swords that are relatively
light and strong, but swinging around three feet of steel is
exhausting. You don't want to wear yourself down in the
process of taking out the enemy.

Fortunately, big blades do seem to cause considerable
distress for goons. Most seem to prefer to keep limbs, even
when they can grow back. Keep a cavalry saber or ma-
chete in the garage. It could come in handy.

a

Fret

Hunters witha little experience — who've survived
a brush with the things out there — quickly discover
that fire is a universal weapon. Monsters aren't human
or natural, but they fear fire like everyone and every-
thing else.

The trick is controlling fire; turning it on the enemy
without getting burned. Acetylene torches, flame-
throwers, heating coils, lighters and aerosol sprays all
have potential, but fire tends to get out of hand. Not a big
issue when a house is full of goons, but burning down an
entire apartment complex is going too far.

A makeshift (or real) blowtorch creates a controlled
blast. Aerosol spray cans offer a quick burst, but are
dangerous (they can explode in your hands) and don't
inflict that much damage. A real blowtorch is better, and
you can acquire one from most hardware supply stores
without questions. Puta line of fire down on a zombie and
it's guaranteed to panic. There are all the theological or
philosophical implications of the purifying flame, too,
but that's all crap.

Unlike guns, fire has to be used at short range. Real
flame-throwers don't shoot a simple stream of flame;
they create waves of fire. If you can't afford everything
to go up in flames around you, you have to be in close.
Fire is best used to finish something off or, in desperate
circumstances, to destroy a wounded opponent or keep
a feisty one back. Make sure that the thing is dust when
you're done, too. Some goons come back when you least
expect it.

(See the Fire rules, p. 208.)

Vewetss

Hunters don't ask for their new lives, or second sight
or edges, but they have them, and for most, the call to use
them is irresistible. Some hunters protect designated
areas, often their homes and neighborhoods. Others pre-
fer to travel in search of the enemy, maybe because they
have no homes left. No matter how you carry out the
fight, sooner or later you will have to go in pursuit of the
enemy. That means transportation.

Traveling by air is difficult at best for hunters. If
you're lucky, you can equip yourself at your destination,
so you can climb on board withour any incriminating
weapons or tools (assuming you can bear going unarmed
that long, and that one of them isn't on board). More
likely, you resort to slower, safer methods of travel, such
as the train or boat or car. The last is your best bet; you
don't have to make any non-essential stops, and the fewer
defenseless around you, the better.

Most hunters resort to whatever vehicles they pos-
sessed before, be it a motorcycle, a beat-up old car or a rig.
In the long run, surviving the road on a motorcycle is

_ dee Se wee Se at es EE

on ee Ga ws fox


HUNTER: Y HE RECKONING

impossible; you can't store everything you need and you're
completely exposed. Cargo haulers are too conspicuous
and too expensive, even ifall your allies can crash in them
if need be. Compact cars don't have the cargo capacity. A
bunch of guns can fit in the trunk of a car, but what about
a body? You may not have the luxury of a home or hotel
room, so everything you need (or need to dispose of) has
to travel with you.

A truck, van or station wagon is ideal. Station
wagons are relatively cheap; the old Volvos are built like
tanks. That kind of sturdiness is perfect for a firefight or
chase. Don't expect any pickup, though. More likely,
you'll be the one getting chased. That's when someone
climbs in back and pulls out the artillery. Nobody ever
notices the "beat up family car," either, so a station
wagon makes for a decent transport when searching for
infested sites.

Vans can move a group of hunters, their gear and
maybe even a prisoner. The typical van has about a
much kick as a station wagon, though, and handle:
like an ox. A van is ideal for abduction, surveillance
or assault, but not so good for rapid response or
chases. However, beware those old, beat-up, rusted
out piles of crap; they look like serial-killer or child-
molester vans and attract attention — especially
when they sit for days at a time in a neighborhood or
near a schoolyard.

Trucks offer enough space to carry all of your gear for
living on the road, and they have pretty good handling
and power. They can also look intimidating without
necessarily standing out in people's minds. The main
problem with trucks is they're trendy. Single-child
coupl

nd punk kids love them, which also drives up
the price. Don't mess with a new, shiny truck. What's
the point of keeping it pretty? Go for a used one with a
mper shell to keep all your gear dry. You can even
keep a dog in back, to help keep watch for what might
visit in the night.

No matter what kind of vehicle you use, the
most important tip is: Keep it running. If you don't
know shit about engines, get to know people who
do. You want that engine to start every time,
especially when bloodsuckers are on

your ass.
You might even get a few extras, like a spare gas
tank, built in for emergencies.

(See the Driving rules, p. 181.)

Use Your Bram
You're just an ordinary person suddenly thrust into
very unordinary circumstances. You don't know what to
make of yourself or the world as it really seems to be, let
alone how to get your hands on weapons and vehicles.
All hunters go shorthanded at some time or another.
Maybe that's why the Heralds give them the abili-
ties they do. But you can't always rely on your gifts,


You're fighting goddam monsters to save the lives of improvise a set of lockpicks from hairpins, add one

either; few hunters seem capable of going it alone, not : a
even with the tricks they have up their sleeves. How-
f ever, there's one weapon that all imbued possess that iitdver improvisetioh lan' difficule 0b tepre-
= can never be taken away: imagination. Don't have what eee iiiee le che players Cometup withvunisual
you need? Fake it. ways to use gear and assign a slightly higher-than-
The first rule of improvisation: Nothing is sacred. normal difficulty to the task. If a hunter wants to

(

everyone you know. Property, memorabilia, and often or two to the difficulty of the Security roll. Impro-
the law don't mean shit! Larceny isn't a crime when vised weapons might not suffer such a penalty to
committed in the prevention of offenses to nature. A attack (unless particularly clumsy or unwieldy), but
priceless antique or heirloom isn't worth a hunter's life. may have : tendency bee break. Improv ising such
DE ane C Rea OTE Lace ea tools effectively is often the purview of a Wits roll,
rede eo par a combined with whatever Ability is appropriate (Sci-
jestroy something when the situation demands it. The ence, Melee and Security are common).
trick is ensuring that the need is commensurate to the

r Some players try to perform remarkable im-
act. Don't destroy homes or sacrifice lives. Otherwise, provisational stunts on the strength of a single roll

when you're under the gun, almost anything goes. — "I use Wits + Science to combine those film- I
The second rule: Think sideways. A fireplace poker developing chemicals with the refrigeration fluid
makes a decent weapon, but it can also be used to wedge and mix in some styrofoam to get a highly flam-
a door shut, break open a window and clear out the glass, mable toxic gel, just like I saw on MacGuyver!"
or hook an out-of-reach object. A pipe or board not only Such miraculous gadgeteering isn't really appro-

priate for a gritty, gutter-fighting Hunter game.

Improvisation isa last-ditch attempt to fit a square

tool into a round problem, not a means to solve any

problem with an amazing command of movie-

science. Most improvisational tools work only once,

i

works as a bludgeon, but can also keep some goons at
arm's length, or serve as a makeshift step when jammed
against a wall. Don't think in terms of the tool you need.
Think about what you want to do, and then look around

and see what can be used to do it. ave a significant difficulty penalty or work only
A clever hunter can't be restricted to the intended for simple tasks

of objects. You have some tools, but not always the Ultimately, improvisation is a storytelling tool. If

right ones. If you need to get attention, you can get it the Storyteller feels that modifying a particular piece

with a gun without hurting anyone. When you need to of equipment is appropriate, or that it serves the
lower yourself down a hole, use your trench coat as a dramatic purposes of the story, then the characters

should be allowed to try. If the proposed innovation
breaks the boundaries of logic, common sense or the
story, then it's best to say that the attempt is beyond
the hunters' capabilities, short of conjuring upamiracle
ve the (although when supernatural creatures and

"rope." You must devise your own uses for every item. It
could mean your life.

The third rule: Learn. A trick can work more than
once. If you notice that some kinds of enemie:

same tricks, develop your own responses. If a tool proves otherworldly imperatives are involved...).
effective for completely unintended uses, keep using it.
You can also learn from your allies. Other hunters have
tricks of their own that all can use. Just hope the enemy
doesn't catch on.

of particular weapons and devices; fully automatic weap-

ons are difficult to procure in the United States, and are
Gerrmerne Goods 5

straight-up illegal elsewhere. Still, most localities sell

Hunters need weapons. Weapons aren't cheap, hunting rifles (of the mundane variety), and some hunt-
and they often aren't legal. Many of the other tools ers discover that mail order is a direct line to God. Paper
that hunters use — lockpicks, explosives, body armor __ trails are a bitch, though: Most over-the-counter weap-
— fall into similarly questionable categories. That ons and armor require some sort of registration. Even
makes acquisition a top priority, but a difficult one. _ mail-order supplies can be traced. Your best bet is to have
Some imbued are fortunate enough to have their own _ material sent toa post-office box under an assumed name,
stockpiles of material from before (see the Arsenal and to close it up quickly afterward.
Background, p. 120). For most, a handgun and a pocket Retail stores generally carry fairly straightforward
knife are the extent of prior weapons experience. You supplies: knapsacks, rifles, knives. Specialty shops are a
basically have three routes to securing gear: retail, necessity for more esoteric gear such as silencer kits, body y
government or crime. armor and swords (it's especially difficult to find battle-

nave Comes ready blades; look for full tang and high-tension spring
Lots of useful material is available retail, if'youlook _**€¢l): Military surplus and subtle mail order are really the
in the right places. Local ordinances may prohibit thesale  ""Y ‘° 8°

SS nn Sey 2 ge fos


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

Governmeny Surruiss
If you're fortunate enough to have contacts in the
right branches of the military or police, you can get guns
relatively easily. Drugs, armor and "special devices" are
even possible, with access to an evidence room or high-
ranking officer. Since the government likes to keep a
monopoly on the use of deadly force, you'd expect many
hunters to resort to government sources for gear.

Truth is, the government is a hunter's enemy. Local
police forces don't care whether a dead goon was a
zombie or a Martian. All they know is that they have a
dead body and a maniac using bizarre weapons. Some
government agencies are suspected of covering for the
opposition, either as part of the government's agenda or
because they've been subverted by the enemy. Even for
a hunter fortunate enough to count friends among the
authorities, there's no easy way to get the goods: Gov-
ernment groups tend to keep meticulous track of all of
their materials, right down to wrenches. The rule of
thumb is, if a government contact can't be coerced into
supplying through family ties, loyalty or friendship, she
can't be trusted. If you can buy her, so can anyone else.
Don't trust the government!

Of course, not all governments are so tightfisted
(although they're all corrupted by monsters). If a
country's economy is bad or torn by political upheaval or
war, just about anything can be for sale, even by the
powers that be themselves. Mexico is an infamous source
of guns in North America, and is frequently traveled by
resourceful hunters.

The only real problem with getting goods from these
places is that first-world nations typically have first-class
customs officials, so smuggling becomes a necessity. A few
simple tips: Never smuggle a weapon through an airport
unless it's disassembled and the pieces are in separate
bags. Never smuggle in bulk without a deal with the local
criminal organizations; they will know about it. And
never assume the enemy is ignorant of smuggling move-
ments, even if foreign or domestic governments never
find out.

Cre Doss Pay

Every hunter steps outside the law at some point.
Once you accept that, it's just a matter of deciding how
far to go. Dedicated hunters understand that there's a
line that can't be crossed, and most won't resort to
kidnapping or the murder of normal people in the name
of the cause. Yet, hunters are no angels; the imbued seem
to emerge from all social classes and professions, crimi-
nals included. Once these people dedicate themselves to
the hunt, they can prove to be assets. They have the
contacts and know-how to acquire illegal goods.

The biggest hurdle to dealing with criminal organiza-
tions is getting inside. Organized crime works because
everybody knows everybody else. Drug dealers sell to

ENED
> ___+

ee ee

people they know. Same goes for guns, information or
"services." Even freelancers know go-betweens who in-
vestigate prospective deals. Smart criminals minimize
their exposure to setups and screw-ups; the dumb ones
aren't worth dealing with. Dealing with criminals there-
fore means establishing a name for yourself, and that
requires an introduction.

Arranging a meeting takes time. Those who don't
already have ties to "the family" or the local syndicate
have to start at the bottom, with the local hoods. Try the
vice rings and parts of the organization most likely to be
raided — the expendable parts. The scum of the Earth are
a protective layer that you must penetrate to get to the
top. It takes lots of cash or the willingness to make deals
or even compromise your values for the greater good. Big-
time players don't waste time selling to penny-ante
religious martyrs with a cause. They want something in
return — a rival knocked off, a drug ring shut down,
perhaps even a robbery staged.

Once you're "inside," all kinds of erials are
available, for the right price. Remember, though, that
the price is always more than money. Dealing with
organized crime puts you in a precarious position. The
possibilities of blackmail and extortion are constant;
don't reveal the cause. or your abilities — not that
anyone would believe their eyes, though. Notorious
criminals may renege on a deal, taking your money or
favors and running. And many criminal organizations
are undoubtedly controlled by the enemy. It makes
sense; they're everywhere else, with fingers in every
other business. Be careful to not contribute to their
power in an effort to gain some of your own. Otherwise,
gaining weapons and tools from our foe, only to turn
them against the enemy, is my favorite irony.

Just don't forget that once you turn to crime for help
in the war, there's no going back. You're forever in-
debted to those elements, regardless of what you believe
is equitable. You're therefore subject to scrutiny by their
masters. Be careful that in pursuing the mission you
don't sacrifice your soul.

Apes. 3: Huan sr Oncanrzar tons

The title of this section is something of a misno-
mer. The emergence of hunters, as defined by the
imbuing, is such a new phenomenon in the World of
Darkness that few definite societal lines have been
drawn among, between or around the chosen. For the
most part, hunters still grapple with their terrifying
new environments, the voices they hear, visions they
have, and the monsters that they see lurking all around
them. Organizing hunter groups and alliances is a
distant third to simple survival and sanity. However,
given time, adjustment and necessity, hunters do seek

2:8 Oy ag ees te.


out each other and form bonds, whether in small circles
or via long lines of communication.

The following are only some nascent hunter societies
that have formed, that strive to emerge or that can appear
in the future of your Hunter chronicle. Some such groups
may have pivotal roles in hunters' fate as a whole. Others
are doomed to failure from the outset, given their weak
foundations. Still others may be guided by the subtle
touch of the very things that hunters would stalk. Your
troupe's characters can meet, help found or clash with
these groups. Thus, players' characters can rise with
shooting stars, or plummet with fallen angels.

Yue Comet Grour

Maximilian Connell's odd organization of hunters is
an enigma to many. Based in Boston, Massachusetts, the
group has swelled and ebbed in size since its inception
only weeks after the appearance of hunter-net online.
Although the group seems to have existed for some
months, precious little solid information is available on
it. Few members speak openly of how the group functions,
or say anything to deny or confirm rumors of the founder's
strange predilections. What news has reached general
hunter circles — from erstwhile members — is both
disturbing and (to some) perversely alluring. Perhaps
most ominous is the fact that such a young organization
already has an array of former membe

What is known about the group focuses on its
founder, Maximillian Connell. This heir to an indus-
trial fortune is known to have lived a life of luxury and
indulgence, and had a passion for game hunting. His
family wealth meant he could pursue his avocation
across the globe, and his resources and influence al-
lowed him to break various poaching and game laws
with impunity.

Connell's life apparently changed when he was
confronted by a predator of humans, one intent on
making Connell a living prize — and pawn in some
nocturnal game. However, it was in that confrontation
that the heir was imbued and fought back against his
would-be master. Further details of the event are un-
known, but it turned the extravagant ne'er-do-well into
a brooding obsessive. A whole new world was revealed,
and Connell supposedly vowed to conquer it — and its
predators — rather than be conquered.

The Connell Group was founded at some point after
these events, and comprised other imbued whom the
millionaire discovered, funded, protected — and made
demands of. Former contributors speak of bizarre (if not
frightening or outright disgusting) methods and prac-
tices: the price of privilege and protection, and the
requirements of membership. Supposedly, Connell ini-
tiates normal, unimbued men and women into the hunt
; for unknown reasons. These people are usually the first
to die at supernatural teeth and claws, and Connell

1 _. ey_42e ge  fos

aA 2 ee past gs Bes

dedicates enormous amounts of money to covering up
their disappearances.

Other former participants whisper that the million-
aire demands proof of each kill: the head and left arm of
each supernatural monster destroyed, or a creature's eyes
and left hand if nothing else is available. Those few
imbued who have met Connell face to face (which is
forbidden until a hunter has a significant roster of kills)
claim that the patron is missing his left eye and that he
lacks use of his left arm, perhaps as a result of his imbuing
or a subsequent supernatural encounter. But even these
stories go unconfirmed; "successful" group members ad-
mit only to meeting with a discreet person who rarely
allows himself to be seen fully.

Perhaps current (and many former) group members
are so hesitant to reveal all they know about Connell and
his hunter society for fear of reprisal. The founder seems
to possess a great deal of information about all the people
to whom he extends offers of camaraderie, funding, allies
and opportunities to strike at the unknown. His promises
appeal most strongly to the recently imbued, who have no
one else to turn to. But with time, Connell's freakish
demands drive many people away, and knowledge of his
extremes keeps them tight-lipped. Yet there are hunters
who remain in Connell's sphere of influence, perhaps due
to fear, safety concerns or even some mutually disturbed
thrill of the hunt. And, of course, Connell is always in
search of new recruits.

‘Tre Moderarors

Not every man or woman who hears the Heralds'
message responds to the supernatural terrors that haunt
the night. Some people, known as bystanders in hunter
circles, simply freeze with indecision when confronted
with the greater, horrifying truth the Messengers reveal.
These people are shepherded to or happen upon encoun-
ters with the supernatural. Their eyes are opened to
reality, but they do not act. Left without hunters' edges
(as punishment for cowardice, according to some), but
still fully aware of the creatures that prey upon humanity,
bystanders are outsiders among the outsiders. And yet,
not every such person can sit idly by as things that should
not be stalk the defenseless.

One bystander has begun to organize others who
hesitated. Stephen Lambert has convinced many by-
standers, lurkers, ailing or retired hunters and those
otherwise unable to continue the fight to join him in
gathering evidence of and intelligence on supernatural
activity. Many joined his cause when he made his name
known to the burgeoning hunter community. He an-
nounced his guilt and shame on hunter-net, apparently
after failing to stop a walking corpse from attacking and
crippling his wife in Manhattan. Despite the warnings
posted all over the website, Lambert also revealed his
address and phone number to offer what little help he

|
|
|

|
|


HUNTER: THE RECKONING

could to any hunters who, in Lambert's words, "do every
night what I failed to do just once."

Coordinating a ring of reclusive, paranoid and se-
cretive associates, Lambert gathers any information he
can on potential hunter targets and makes that intelli-
gence available to the imbued who dare trust him. He
refuses to investigate those who agree to become fellow
Moderators (a name reflecting Lambert's hunter-net
handle, Moderator87), which makes many hunters wary
of Lambert's information. The bystander maintains that
individual Moderators' privacy is what allows them to
do their work, even if they must keep secrets from their
leader himself. To date, no hunters are known to have
complained of "bum intel." Of course, Lambert's detrac-
tors are quick to point out that if a Moderator gave bad
information, there wouldn't be any hunters left to com-
plain. Lambert remains above the fray for the most part,
staying out of hunter-net controversies and continuing
to offer supernatural reconnaissance where it seems
most needed.

Information on how the Moderators operate is spotty
at best. Lambert claims to use surveillance equipment
"borrowed" from a private investigator. He scours super-
market tabloids for articles that match familiar patterns.
He even uses himself as bait for more social predators. He
does not answer questions about why he goes to such
dangerous (some would say suicidal) lengths to provide
hunters with information. Countless theories (from cheap
psychoanalyses to astute observations) abound. Regard-
less, no other Moderators have come forward to reveal
how they gather their information — and, doubtless,
many have died developing their methods. Most hunters
are content to not ask.

All that is known for sure is the procedure most
Moderators have adopted in delivering information.
Once sufficient intelligence is gathered on a target,
Lambert (or one of his followers) contacts hunters in the
area of the disturbance via hunter-net. He invites them
to join him in an online chat room or ona personal email
list. Once in contact with a potential group, the Mod-
erator disseminates the information, encourages the
hunters to meet one another in person, and signs off
with the tag-line "For the Weak."

Despite pressure, Lambert refuses to explain the sig-
nificance of the phrase, though all Moderators use it.
Many of the researchers can only guess at what it means.
Yet the few core members in regular contact with Lambert
agree that he insists on the line being used.

In order to protect Moderator secrecy and safety,
Lambert enforces a strict noninterference policy. No
Moderator may make face-to-face or phone contact with
potential hunters, or with each other. In fact, he is the
only one to have stated his name "publicly" since the
group's inception. Even the number of Moderators at

large is a matter of conjecture, as is the range of T

group's scope within and outside its United States base.

La Ceosane et' coennr (Ve Gan' s Causane)

Her name is Noélle. She is 12 years old and claims to
have been an orphan in Marseilles priot to her imbuing by
the "supernal light of Jeanne d'Are." Supposedly, this
"spirit" delivered Noéile from her orphanage and re-
vealed to her the dead things that walk the Earth. To 4

a

contend with these cauchemars, the saints — no doubt
Margaret of Antioch and Catherine of Alexandria —
blessed others and gathered them to the imbued young-
ster. Under Noélle's banner, they seek to cleanse the
south of France of the otherworldly beings that plague it.
Noélle's disciples would gladly die in her name, and
several have already been so honored.

;

Following several successful urban campaigns,
"Jeanne d'Arc" guides the girl and her followers into
the countryside to wait as the Heralds gather more
Blessed to her service. Soon, the saints tell the girl,
L'Innocente (as Noélle is called) and her followers
must march on Paris, expose the evil there and purge it
from the Earth. To serve Noille is to serve the Lord; to
fight for her is to fight for God and France. At least,
these are the proclamations the Crusaders make to the
other imbued of France.

The truth is less inspiring. The religious fervor that
initially grips Noélle's adherents, which impels them to
exalt her in saintly fashion, soon fades into uncertainty,
confusion and suspicion. The girl, beatific with her red
locks, guileless eyes and radiant demeanor, gradually
develops odd habits and makes strange requests of her
Blessed followers. Rather renew their sweeps of
Monaco, Nice and Marseilles, Noélle sequesters the group
in an abandoned farmhouse near Arles.

Noélle begins to wander by night from the sanctuary
of the Blessed to pray alone and "speak with Michael."
Guy Saillot, newly recruited and skeptical of the girl's
claims, follows her on several such outings to witness for
himself the source of the girl's divine inspiration. Ironic,
Guy reflects, that his own "divine gifts" should expose
LInnocente as a plaything of the very creatures the
Crusade has been assembled to destroy. Noélle is no
savior, but an imbued under the sway of the enemy,
beguiled no doubt to keep her followers away from south-
ern France's cities, the true home of the country's
night-creatures.

After word of the truth is announced, fully a third of
Noélle's followers desert the sanctuary, despite her plead-
ing. Most return to their hometowns to deal with the
specters and other things lurking in the shadows. This
"betrayal" devastates Noélle, but a devoted rabble re-
mains at her side (when not her feet).

Noélle is the pillar upon which her remaining Blessed
lean, the one who helps them forget — if briefly — their

nein = _y ees te.


past lives. Noélle's company alone pro-
vides a cathartic release from the pressures
and paranoia of life on the hunt. She pos-
sesses a peculiar gift for absolving her
supplicants of their anger, divisiveness and
fear. For some of them, Noélle can do no
wrong. Nevertheless, her behavior grows
more erratic with each passing week. Her
"Messengers" demand a certain doll, an

old set of paintbrushes, a tattered children's
book and other innocuous objects. Al-
though her Blessed gradually locate these

items, Noélle alone carries the stuff into
the nearby woods. Days when the voices
speaking through her seem less than
angelic increase, as do nights when

s% Noélle seems truly not herself.
)

Worry begins to rule the Cru-
saders. After all, even her most
devoted followers know what hap-
pened to the first Jeanne d'Arc.

Yue Conscience oF EaRrH
The collective calling it-
self the Conscience of Earth
travels throughout North
\ America and preaches to
any who would hear its mes-
sage. The group remains
tight-lipped to any curious
imbued, however. Members

¥
A

of

travel in two separate groups,
the first of which — the "Guides"

arrives in a city by night. The
"Huntsmen" follow in two RVs.
The scouts comb the city for two
nights preceding the others' ar-
rival, seeking out and tracking
whatever supernatural beings cross
their paths. Trails left by their quarry
are often a signal to observant local

hunters that the imbued are at work in
the city.
The Huntsmen typically arrive at a

city on a Friday afternoon and locate a
public park likely to draw weekend crowds.

They erect a pavilion and collect what in-

formation the Guides have uncovered. Free

refreshments and pamphlets greet early park
visitors. The handouts vaguely and innocu-
ously detail the promises of enlightenment
to be found in "the message." At midday, the
Huntsmen cajole listeners into the "shade of
the tent" to await the message's delivery.

|

HUNTER: THE RECKONING

The group's orator is Elias, a tall, robust man with
piercing eyes and a talent for reading a crowd and
tailoring his sermon to its interests. Though his speeches
are presented in a revival vein, they do not involve fire-
and-brimstone vitriol. Elias' message offers a path to
"awareness, enlightenment and spiritual evolution," but
warns those "spiritual misers who would remain in the
cancerous cells of the social norm," rather than join the
developing "collective soul of humankind." Elias
sprinkles his homilies with vague references to "shadows
in our midst," allusions that become slightly more con-
crete upon each return engagement. The preacher
delivers the word twice each Saturday and Sunday, in
the afternoon and evening. The Huntsmen then pack up
the tent and the Conscience of Earth moves on to its
next destination.

Any curious supernatural creature attending one of
Elias' sermons leaves a Trail as it departs, courtesy of
vigilant Hunts- men. Guides do not provoke encoun-
ters with the monsters unless forced to. Their goal
is to pierce the guises and observe the activities
of such beings and report them to the

ee

Huntsmen, who consequently possess detailed files on
several known monsters throughout the country. Simi-
larly, Elias does not seek to win immediate converts to
the Conscience of Earth, a fact he makes explicit during
his speeches. Rather, he slowly exposes his listeners to
the truth of the world, one scintilla at a time, so that
when the reckoning comes, hunters and humanity will
emerge victorious and the next age of man can begin.

The Conscience of Earth hunters consider them-
selves beyond mere revolutionaries against dark forces.
They believe themselves to be evolutionaries taking the
next step in man's ascension toward true divinity.
Whether the Messengers are preternatural representa
tions of humanity's collective unconsciousness, or the
very same devas, bodhisattvas and angels of which Elias
speaks in his sermons is a subject of some debate within
the group. Current consensus holds that the Messengers
are indeed entities with a complex agenda, and that the
hunters are their avatars on Earth. Yet the discomforting
question remains: If Elias preaches the truth about the
Messengers' goal for hunters and humanity, why do
other hunters have such differing views on

the imbuing and its benefactors?

‘

:
i

—


aA » Gee get gs Bes

Yue Cuuncn oF YinpicareD Farr

For an organization receiving the degree of media
scrutiny that it does, the Church of Vindicated Faith's
secrecy remains surprisingly intact. Regarded with sus-
picion by public officials and local law-enforcement
agencies, this insular collective based in California
approaches the hunt with a religious fervor that crosses
the line between devotion and fanaticism. With the
new millennium, the Vindicated expect nothing less
than the fulfillment of the Revelation. The leader's
identity is a matter of widespread speculation among
nonbelievers. His disciples refer to him only by the
title "Crucifer," when they speak of him at all. He is
supposedly bold, unyielding in his convictions, and
utterly certain that he and his followers are the very
Elect of God. The Crucifer and his disciples actively
pursue others who have undergone the metanoia, usu-
ally seeking them out among other congregations and
inviting the worthy to worship at the Church. The
CVF also urges those who Witness the metanoia and
the minions of the Beast to join their ranks. It supplies
miraculous incentives to encourage their devotion.
These Witnesses are the eyes and ears of the Vindi-
cated and provide meeting places and the necessary
funds with which to fight the Final Battle.

Through the metanoia, God imparts His Elect with
the powers necessary to exorcise the world of its demons,
a task these paladins take to assiduously. The Vindi-
cated are not averse to direct confrontation, but they
prefer to stalk and analyze an enemy over a period of
days or weeks, followed by a highly coordinated and
lethal strike. While driven, these hunters are careful to
leave no trace of their nocturnal activities, especially
when directed against demonic wolves in sheep's cloth-
ing. Despite their caution, the Vindicated have not
escaped encounters with the law entirely. Police know

Kyle McBride and John Tang, early disciples of the
Crucifer, through two separate stalking incidents that
brought the CVF to the attention of the district attorney
and other hunters.

The attention currently focused on the group by the
local judiciary is lax compared to the scrutiny other
imbued apply. The chiliastic viewpoint of the Vindicated,
combined with their fanatical devotion to the Revelation
and the hunt, unnerve other imbued who have dealt with
them or followed their activities. Outsiders worry at the
increasing extremism displayed by the group. They point
to a recent attack on the walking dead — and the deaths
of several defenseless — as justification for their con-
cerns. Rumors of communion taken with the blood of
monstrous victims and of a reliquary containing artifacts
recovered from successful hunts fuel these concerns. There
isa growing consensus among West Coast hunters that the
Church needs to be contained.

Naturally, the CVF regards any interference with
its activities as tantamount to alliance with evil. Some
hunters, the Vindicated say, are merely misguided. If
they do not accept the Divine Truths imparted to them
by God through the metanoia, at least they act in
accordance with the Truths' tenets. Others, however,
have clearly not escaped enticement by the minions of
the One Below. To all appearances, such reprobates are
no different than the misguided, but direct interference
with the Church betrays the true allegiance of these
fallen servants of the Lord. Additionally, ongoing in-
vestigation by the police and media eventually
convinces the CVF of the Devil's involvement in these
institutions. It seems that the forces of Hell are every-
where and in direct opposition to the Vindicated. "Many
are called, but few are chosen," quotes the Crucifer, and
his congregation has no doubt which few the Lord will
elect to salvation and who will suffer preterition when
the Revelation is fulfilled.

y
a —


Oo

Internet Browser: Hunter-Net - Home Page

> & @ O 8 6&6 A 2

Backward Forward Redraw Stop _‘Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site: [nttp: //www. hunter-net .org/home/chat.html

f. D 1 i ane
Os Falduute to iyntielet

ie

= ,

pry Bie fe fis
3 x KA wh id


B EPILOGUE A
jbrmes es

Oo Email Program =
Subject: [Our Identity ]
To: [hunter.list @ hunter-net.org | i.) ©)
From: | violin99 | WEhe MeSSyes
Copied To:[ |

Understand that 1 would not normally do this. I asked to be removed from this mailing
list some time ago and was apparently ignored. Repeated efforts to be stricken failed, as
I still receive emails from you people, my "peers." This website had an initial appeal to
me as an intellectual observer. Sadly, as with all things involving the general populace
and the internet at large, mass communication serves only to display the gross ignorance
of humanity rather than facilitate further learning. This self-important group is no
exception. Every day I receive subintelligent, hysterical and illiterate messages that
simply make me weep for higher thought. It baffles me that so many of you would be
"imbued" as you call it, when so few truly deserve the privilege. Perhaps our "creators" are
not as enlightened as I would like to believe. Yet | cannot give up hope on them. What
other hope is there?

Normally I would remain silent and pray to God that some glimmer of insight might
twinkle out there in the void, as I believe Witness and a few others intended with this list.
Perhaps some morsel of information would be of use to me in my own pursuit of dealings
with what you so thoughtlessly refer to as "monsters." But, where my belief in higher beings
persists, any hope for humanity in general has been lost.
| And yet, an event has occurred which demands that I make my voice heard. If] did not,

mankind itself might be at stake. And though I have happily pondered the notion ofa world
absolved of so many drudges, there are enough of us hidden away who cannot be sacrificed
because of a lesser whole. It is for these few that I perpetrate this distasteful act.

is

~~

SL

EE ne ee ee fas


Email Program

A singular item that has recently come into my possession is causing me profound
distress. Do not concern yourself with how it arrived in my hands. Simply accept that a
unique acquaintance has supplied me with it, clearly in recognition of my studiousness and

een perspective.

chosen. It is a very ancient parchment, perhaps once bound into a scroll. The paper is very
brittle; a gentle breeze causes it to crack, and even mild temperature changes are sufficient to
cause the fabric to yellow. The material seems like rice paper, as used in the Far East since
recorded history's start (and very likely longer, as I will explain). It astonishes me that
something seemingly so old and delicate could still exist, and yet here it is before my eyes.

My mysterious benefactor provided no origins for the item, and made no mention about
how he might have attained it. I suspect that it has been procured from an archive or museum
of some sort, maybe Asian or perhaps some English collection of colonial acquisitions. Unless
my acquaintance purchased the parchment, I can only assume that it was gained illicitly, for
who could ever part with such a treasure willingly?

Thave reproduced the face of the paper and posted it for your inspection. As you can see,
there is some form of script penned on it. Much of the writing has faded, been marred, lost or
destroyed, but enough icons remain to allow some kind of translation — or so I originally
thought. As a scholar, I hoped to learn the text's meaning simply by researching old-form
Asian script to identify similar or related symbols. My investigation quickly proved more
difficult than anticipated. The symbols were not like any Asian language that I could identify,
and yet their line work, shape and form begged a connection.

Without revealing my true nature of these past months, or how I came into possession of
the parchment, I contacted a onetime correspondent, a professor in Hong Kong. He received
the same image that I have posted here. I thought, with his native catalog of history and record,
that he might identify the text immediately. He could not. In fact, it was some time before he
contacted me again, baffled by the images. He recognized similarities in very old Chinese,
Korean and Indian script, but could ascribe this writing to none of them. Rather, he posited
that it might be a precursor to even those written languages! As I said, astonishing.

My colleague insisted that I send him the original document immediately; that it should
be studied firsthand, dated for authenticity. I refused, of course. | assumed from my associate's
ignorance of the item that it came from no known — or legitimate — source, so I saw no harm
in retaining ownership. Surely my benefactor provided me with the parchment to pursue it
with my own resources and faculties, not to relinquish it to another.

I requested, then, that my would-be translator suggest what the icons might mean, based
upon comparison to any languages that could have evolved from them afterward. He tentatively
ventured these words and phrases, separated in text but interpreted in the following order:
"heaven's chosen, protectors, Golden Age, temptation, hope, fall, demons, destruction."

As said earlier, I normally would not reveal myself on this list and endanger my activities
and life by beckoning whatever it is that might lurk out there among you. And yet, as exclusive
as I might be, not even I can remain quiet while this document poses burning questions. After
the perhaps millennia that this parchment might have existed, after all the seasons, life and
death that have transpired from who knows when until now, after all that we chosen have been
exposed to, seen, confronted and in some cases destroyed: What happens when an apparently
bygone age of "demons," "heroes" and "divine beings" — an almost painful corollary to our
current reality — returns?

For the love of God, what are we?

ic

es
k
This object seems to suggest possibilities that apply not only to myself, but to all of us 4

ST

—


Hurran Sr onvrstesns Comentton
November 1999
WW8101
1-56504-736-2

$14.95 US.

The Hunter Storytellers Companion releases simulta-
neously with Hunter: The Reckoning. Not only is every
chart necessary to play the game presented for your
reference, but the secrets of the supernatural are revealed in
a 72-page book.

Honvsx: Te Recowne Dice
November 1999
WW8150
1-56504-738-9
$6.95 US.
Thisboxcontains 10 unique marble-design Hunter:
The Reckoning dice. It also comes with a red felt
bag emblazoned with the Hunter symbol

Hunrans Survived Gude
December 1999
Wwws102
1-56504-737-0
$19.95 US.

The Hunters Survival Guide is the source on stalking
monsters and living to tell the tale. This book updates
hunters on brethren activities worldwide. It spreads word
about the most dangerous game across the globe, and offers
tips on how to fight and defeat the enemy.

Honrsr Boot Rvencars
February 2000
WW8103
1-56504-739-7
$14.95 US.

Hunter Book: Avengers is the first in a new Hunter:
The Reckoning series dedicated to the creeds, the character
types of the imbued. Learn Avengers' philosophies, motives
and ultimate goals in the war against the supernatural.

nai. en Se eg ees ee, Se

Hurrer Boor Dervoces
March 2000
WW8104
1-56504-740-0
$14.95 US.

Hunter Book: Defenders is the second in anew series
dedicated to the creeds. Defenders are ever
vigilant, but they know when to fight, and all these new
weapons and wards help keep the supernatural at bay.
Helpful, if you must fill the breech.

Hone: Ye Waucne Dex
May 2000
WWS105
1-56504-741-9
$15.95 US.

Hunter: The Walking Dead explores and explains the
proliferation of ghosts and zombies in the lands of the living.
These monsters are hunters' greatest enemies. And yet, why
does hunters' emergence and the rise of spirits seem to
coincide? What is the hidden connection between the
imbued and restless dead?


‘ +
%

Wi i