# File: Iberia By Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


AD 1212

By Micuaet. BUTLER , RICHARD E. DANSKY, JAMES
MALISZEWSKI AND Guy-FRANCcIS VELLA

Vampire Createp by Mark RetnHAGEN


SPECIAL THAN!
ToCarl "DragonBowen2" Bowen, forsectetshames
and loud rants.
To Ken "Flying Reynaldo" Cliffe, for being one old-
History, Christian Kingdoms, Powers That Be) and school vigilante.

Guy-Francis Vella (Taifa Kingdoms, The Damned); To Mike "My Mouth's Not Open" Tinney, for the
Vampire and the World of Darkness created by Mark greatest of all karacke songs. mee .

Reine Hagen To MT, Justin "Speed Racer J" Achilli, and Fred
Storyteller game system designed by Mark — «Qa est Sylvie?" Yelk, for Friday night foolishness and

Reine Hagen ‘Saturday pains.
Developer: Philippe R. Boulle

Editor: Jar

Consultants:
Cafiameras de Miguel,
Rodrigues, Ismael Rodrigu
Torres

Art Direction, Layout & Typesetting: Becky
Jollensten

Interior Art: Mike Chaney, Guy Davis, Eric Hotz
and Mark Smylie

Cartography: Conan Venus

Front Cover Art: Christopher Moeller

Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Joll.

735 PARK NORTH LID, © 200! White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Allrights reserved. Repro

of the publisher is expressly

xcept for the purposes of reviews, and for blank charactet

sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,

CURKSTON, CA 30021 Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Hunter

the Reckoning, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and Aber

USA rant are registered trademarks of White Walf Publiching, Ine. Al

rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,

PURUISITKE g the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the

Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great W: y, Iberia by Night, Bitter Crusade, Cainite Heresy,
‘Constantinople by Night, Jerusalem by Nig! e anguinis 1 Masters of the State, Libellus Sanguinis

Keepers of the Word, Libellus Sangui itthe Door, Libellus Sanguinis 4 Thieves in the Night, The

Ashen Ki t, and Veil of Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All

characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publis! nc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
‘or copyright concerned

This book uses the watural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements

are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader
discretion is advised

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at

hutpi//wew.white-wolf.com; alt-games whitewolf and rec.games frp storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

AND THE SEA CALLED FoR Dust (PRELUDE)

INTRopucTION: From THE PYREN! ‘0 GIDRALTAR

Cnaprer On ADOWED History

Cuaprer Two: THe Curistian Kincpoms

Cuaprer THree: AL-ANDALUS

Cuaprer Four: Powers Tat Br

Cuaprer Five: THE DAMNED

CHAPTER Six: LEGENDS OF THE RECONQUISTA (STORYTELLING)



They have a savyi 4 about Ceuta,

the Cainites do: vohere you
fread or youll walk on your
grandsice. Oh the city is prett

enough and ships sail in and out of
its harbor like great, ovo birds, but
there has beens Hood here. In 14-8 (as
the lev surviving Obristians reckon
iD the Alinohads swoept through it


There had been Jews in Ceuta then, wealthy and
secure in theirancientresidence. They died. There were
Christians, who thoughc that radeand hard labor shared
with Muslims on the dock would somehow shield them
from the sword. They died. Followers of the Prophet
protested when the blood flowed in the streets, and they
died, too, The Almohads were not men with agreatstore
of patience, and when they had finished bending Ceuta
to their will, they moved on.

Ifyougotothe suq,orwalkdown by thedocks, youcan
perhaps find graybearck who remember those daye. For a
coin, or perhaps a meal, they can tell the story endlessly
hhow they hid in alleys, or in barrels, or pecking up from

cllars,as the strange fierce horsemen swept by. Every year
-of the tales grow fewer, and the tales themselves

ow it had really been.

Othereyes watched those nights of blood and fire, eyes
of the dead. The sons of Seth and the sons of Caine had
suffered equally at the invaders' hands, though no one
would sing Quddish for S ibn Jedah ibn Gabirol
Afcer all, no one knew he was there, and the wind carried
his dust to the sea. All of the Cainites of Ceuta died, then,
save those few whofled. Before the Almohads, the city had
been a popular place for the unliving of al-Andalus, a safe
portandawelcoming harbor. Moctalscall itahaunted city,
and they are not far wrong

ttt

Almost a century after that bloody time, two weary
travelers surveyed the ashen city and remembered. The

first was tall, with the sharp features and sun-darkened
skin of one of the Almoravids. Close inspection would
the cut of his robe was pethaps a hundred

‘date, but close inspection was not something
nencouraged. Nosword hungat his belt, but sill,

es of Ceuta let him pass unmo-
asword," said one of the thieves,
The others nodded and left

lested.
"has no ne
The second traveler was in all ways the opposite of
his companion. He was short and heavy, and his steps
were frequent ashe hurried to keep up. A casual observer
would have seen the bag he carried slung over one
shoulder and decided that he
would not have hee

nasa physician, and they
rely wrong.

t, Ibrahim?" said the shorter
short on time, especially if that
finds us here."

"Isaac, my friend," said the other man quietly, "he
hhas much less of a chance of finding us if you find it in
ve silence. And he'snode

of the two men
devil ibn Sa

yourhe
Tve met him, He's as much a man as you or 1."

IBERIA BY NIGHT.

troen

"All things considered," snorted Isaac, "that is small
comfort indeed." The two moved through the night with
the pace of tired hunters on the trail of wounded prey
They moved through the narrow streets with inexorable
purpose, though now and again Ibrahim stopped, exam-
ined some intersection of fallen piece of stone, and then
set off on his way again,

Eventually, the two found themselves in what a
generous man would call a cemetery, what an unkind
man would call a field. Here and there stones poked
through the weede, though more had been kicked over
than still stood upright. "Thisis the place," Ibrahim said,
and folded his arms actoss his chest. "Hu

"You're sure?" Isaac looked around, sniffed the ni
air and began clearing brush away from one of the stones.
"Itdoesn't look like the histories said itwould, notatall."

"That's because the histories were written by a
handful of terrified refugees who were too busy running
totakenoteson thescenery, Isiac. Now by the Prophet's
beard, would you please do what you have to? I dislike
being here almost as much as youdo, and I'm not the one
they're tying to kill."

Isaac muttered under his breath. "That's just a mat-
terof timing, Ibrahim. Now hush." With that, he knelt
down in front of the grave marker, taking care not to
brush off the pebbles on top of the stone. Humming to
himself, Isaac placed both hands on the stone, closed his
eyes and concentrated. Behind him, Ibrahim turned in
slow circles, keepingawatchfuleye outforinterlopers.tn
the distance, he could hear the seabirds whining into the
night. Otherwise, Ceuta slept silently. Even the thieves
and lovers had gone to bed, and Ceuta had been left t0
the dead. For that, the dead were profoundly thankful

Perhaps a minute later, lsaac moaned and stumbled
tack from the stone. "Merciful God," he said, and sank
tack to his knees. "Oh, Lord, why?"

With two strides, Ibrahim was next to him. "Did you
see what you needed to!"

Isaac nodded as the other man helped him to his feet.
"Saw that, and more. The dust we need is over there," he
said, and gestured to the southeast. "If you could see what
[just saw, Ibrahim, you'd want to pluck out your eyes. Ie was
ibn Sa', Ibrahim. The Almohads had already razed the
juderia and movedon. They were dead, ofcourse, but they'd
moved on. Salomon had brought them here and hidden
them, and they thought it was safe. And then Sa'id came,
and he tore away the shadows Salomon was hiding them
with, and he made him watch..." Isaac straightened and
shook himself, then strode purposefully forward. His com-
panion followed. "The soonerwe'reaway fromhere, Ibrahim,
the better. Let's get the dust and go.


want the di
from whi
bledandfell. There's
there that I

was a scholar and a
wrote a book, It was calle

Ibrahire lau

He wrote Fons Vitae when he
rewrote it after he died, but ni
where he left the manuscript. Fron

of his correspondence I've s

lous. Here we ate. Take a step to the left,

if you please, Ibrahim."

Ibrahimbowed withamockingflour-
ish. "Of course. And once we find your
magic dust, and take itto your seer, and find
your magical book, perhaps you can then
mall question for me?"
oked up. "What is

‘Can you please tell me why in the

find myself poking around
dead man's abattoir with a


dead ones.

Shaking his head, Isaac ran dust through his fingers.
"You are here, Don Ibrahim, because you are a man of
honor, and because | saved your noble neck when you
were younger, weaker and less tactful than you are now
And now you will do me the great and good favor of
respecting your elder in blood, and remaining silent for
‘one moment while I find exactly what I need. Then we.
can leave this mishegotten plague pit of a ci
consider yourdebt to me discharged. and then younever
have to see me again. Unless, of course, you want to see
how ic all comes out."

tht now all I want to see are the walls of Ceuta

ES in the dist
ince, my friend. You wouldn't want me to rush
this and make an error. We'd have to come back and do
this all over again, you know. Ah, here we are," Issac
pinch of gray dust from the ground
between his fingers. Gingerly, he reached into his phy-
sicians' bagand brought forth aceramic flask. With long,
s, he unstopped it and let the dust trickle in.
He repeated the operation three times while Ibrahim, at
sted, grew bored and returned to scanning

their surroundings.

Finally satisfied, Istac stoppered the last of the flasks
and pat them back in his pouch. "Lam quite ready to
leave this place, Ibrahim. [brahirn'

The taller man motioned for silence. "What
do you hear?
listened for a moment. "I hear nothing."
hat," said Ibrahim, "isexactly what lw:
Let us depart
"Isaac said, and ran. Ibrahim followed, a
nd. They bolted through the cemetery gate
asa low, rumbling laughter drifted up over them. "Thun
der!" Isaac panted,

"There are no clouds," Ibrahim replied, and re-
doubled his head of them, aman —orsomething
that had once been a man — jumped out of an alley,
brandishing 2 wicked-looking knife. With just the mer
est hint of a brea Ibrahim

id of.

clenched his fist. A frisson of cold knotted his stomach,
even as a rope of shadow reached from the alley from
wrapped around

his throat, and there was a sudde
something hard cracking. Then the ated,
and the man's body sh

Ibrahim and Isaac were already past it.

whence the man ca

IBERIA. BY NIGHT.

shouted Ibrahim, even as two mote rose up from bebir

a peddler's cart and leaped forward. Isaac somehow
twisted in midair, dodged, and then brought his hand
around on the back of his assailant's neck. The man fell
to the street and did not move again. Ibrahim, mean-
while, caught his assailant as the man leaped then threw
him aside. He landed against a wall with a shuddering
crunch, and upstairs a dog began barking. Ahead, more
figures filled the street. An arrow whiszed past, and
shouting could be heard behind chem as we

"We can't fight them all and hope to get past ibn
Sa'id," Isaac shouted. "There's too many."

Ibrahim looked wildly lefe and right, then suddenly
gestured. "Down this alley. Hurry!" He ran, and Isaac
followed. In the street behind, men and things that were
not quite men bellowed defiance. The pursuers ran past
locked doors, past empty barrels and heaps of moldering
trash. The alley was so narrow that the sky above was
reduced to the thinnest strip. The hard-packed dirt and
stone of the alley floor echoed under theit footsteps, and
behind them, the pursuit still camo on.

Inevitably, perhaps, the alley ended in a wall. Acthe
top of the wall crouched a half-dozen grim-faced men
with swords. Behind them hovered a cloud of blackness
that promised something terrible hiding in its depths.
Alll Ceuta, it seemed, was waiting for them.

"Well," Isaac said, and tuned to Ibrahim, "that tured
‘out poorly. Do you have a plan to get us out of here?"

Ibrahim nodded. "Ido," he said, and with absolutely
no expression he watched a tendril of shadow tear off
Isaac's head. Blood fountained out and the body col-
lapsed to the alley floor. Ibrahim felt che soul! inner
cold he had come to know as his Beast grow that much
stronger. Then he took a step back and waited.

He did not have to wait long. "Ibrahim!" boomed a
voice from the wall. "I see you have something for me."

"L do," he replied, quietly. "Come down here and
take it."

With that, a figure leaped down, landing lightly and
gracefully even in the muck of the alley. He was tall —
taller even than Ibrahim —and he wore all whit
cost me three of my childer," he said.

"Two. The one I struck will recover."

"Three. He failed me. | don't want him to recover."

Tbeahim shrugged. "Bismallah. In any case, Isaac ibn
Mushad is dead, and his blood is spilling on my boors. My
part of the bargain is fulfilled. Is yours?"


"id nodded. "They are already on their way
(oss the water. Damn the old ones for giving this
land back to the Christians. They don't deserve it."

"With all of the plotting the taifas did against one
another, neither did we. The old oneshave spoken. You've

1 more for your cooperation than many. Be content."

"Oh, Lam, Lam." Ibn Sa'id kicked the corpse, then
leaped back up to the top of the wall. The men who had
stood there had already faded into the night. "I do
wonder, though, Ibrahim. He seemed to think you owed.
him a debt of honor, and yet you killed him. Why?"

Tbrahim began walking back out of the alley, slowly.
"A promise made to an infidel is no promise at all, ibn
Sa'id. You should know that well enough."

Laughter drifted down. "Well said. This, then, is
farewell to thee, Ibrahim. I won't see you again." There
was a rustle of cloth, and then suddenly, Ibrahim was
alone. He waited for what would once have been adozen

ebeats, and then a dozen more.

turned back to the quickly decompos
alley floor. In a matter of minutes, it was nothing but
some dust. Gently, he reached down and took the
physician's satchel from the dire, and with a cough slut
itover his shoulder. Then, he took a hand
dust and cast it into the air. There was a nig
the water, which caugh
invisibility. Before it va
ganchanting. The langu

rouk ibn:
childer to the docks, to the ships that awaited them, 1
man who answered tono name but Ibrahim sangQaddish
to the night.

And when he was done, he walked out of the alley

and set forth for the city of Burgos. There were promises
one need not keep to an infidel, afterall, chat one could
still keep to a friend.



+ Pyrenees to

Gibraltar


A Lawnp Drviwep

The Iberian Peninsula, which will one day become
Spain and Portugal, isthe flash point of Christian-Muslim.
conflict in the early thirteenth century. Indeed, while the
Crusades for the Holy Land are fought in Oucremee (liter:
ally, "across the sea"), the battle in Theria is in Europe
proper. The Christians have gradually pushed the Muslims
south for centuries, but the battle is now in its most chaotic
and decisive stage. And where there are kingdoms to be
won and vengeance to be had, the childer of Caine are
never far away.

Tue Curistian RECONQUISTA

The Christian north isunited behind the concept of a
teconquest — in Castilian, Reconquista —of the peninsula
from the Muslims who invaded it in the eighth century.
This philosophical unity is hardly secure, however, as a
variety of ambitious kings vie fr influence in the Chistian,
north, Once the Kingdom of Navarre was supreme, now
Ledin and Castile are on the rise. Yer, the Crown of Aragon
and the Kingdom of Portugal are expanding as well. These
kings and their knights are hardly above fighting one
auuoier, Chapter Two: The Christian Kingdoms derails
these lands.

Tue Moorisu Tatras

The situation is much the same in the Muslim south,
known as al-Andalus. Many of these lands have been
Islamic for centuries, but various dynasties have come and
gone. Once the Cordoban Caliphate stood as the apex of
Moorish Iberia, but now it too is a patchwork. The
Almohads, a Betber dynasty that rules North Africa, claim
torule al-Andalus from their capital at Sevilla. The truch
is that most of the territory is divided between dozens of
petty kingdoms called waifas. Faced with « dynamic Chais-
tian threat, they choose to fight among one another and

hence seal their doom, Chapter Three: Al-Andalus cov.

cers the tifa.

IN THE SHADOWS

With itsheady combination of religious fervor, Byzan
tine intrigues and martial exploits, Iberia makes the ideal
nesting ground for Clan Lasombra. The Magisters reign
preeminent among the many local clans, and they intend
to keep it that way. But the religious and political conflict

of the Reconquista divides them as well — as fervent
Muslim Lasombra try to save al Andalus, while their
Christian clanmates embark on the Shadow Reconquista.
Inthe chaos, many othersare trying to position themselves
tocutatthe Magisters! power. Chapter Four: Powers That
Be and Chapter Five: The Damned detail many of the
vampiric intrigues within and around Clan Lasombra.

IBERIA BY NIGHT

FURTHER COMPLEXITY

The divide between Christian north and Muslim
south is a facile one that hides much of the richness of
Iberia. Indeed, asthe Reconquistanearsits endgame, i'seasy
{0 forget that there are more than just two sides to this war.
There are far more to Iberians than that

Minoriry Groups

Indeed, Christian Iberians do not think of themselv
a8 "Spanish' butas Aragonese, Navarese, Castlians or any
other local affiliation. The divisions among the Muslim
taifas are even greater, leading to similar local identifica-
tions. Evenbeyond his localization, there are many minority
groups whose unique cultures tend to get pushed to the
sidelines of history. Storytellers ookingto add flavor —and
pathos — to their chronicles might consider using these
groups. Some of the most important minorities ae:

© Basques: The Basque (or "Euskaldunak" in their
native tongue) speak Euskera, one of the oldest languages
in Europe and very diferent from any other on the penin:

For the most part, they live in Navare and are
ethnically distinct from the peoples who surround them
both inside the kingdom and in France and Iberia, having

sula

preserved their identity among the waves of invaders that
have passed through the region since prehistorictimes. The
Basques have many unique traditions, including the game
of jai alai, which plays an important role in many of their
festivals and celebrations. At the tum of the thirteenth
‘century, the Basques sill rea
cult

much of the identity and
Ithough as Navare's position becomes weaker
ive to other Iberian states, their culture also comes
der threat
* Jews: There has been a Jewish presence in Iberia
since Visigothic times. Despite notable incidents of perse
it Tuas remained very healthy. In much of Muslim
Iberia, Jews enjoy status as dhimmi, or protected persons,
and can continue to worship relatively freely (although
they must pay a pol tax for this right). In some Christian
Cities, Jewsenjoy similarstatus, bucin othersthey have been
‘compelled to convert to Christianity (either in the face of
actual UJ 's or socioeconomic incentives). These cor
verts are called conversos. Those conversas who secretly
keep up private Jewish worship are known as mamanos.

* Mozarabs: The Mozarabs are the Christians of
Muslim Iberia. They form aseparate community and retain
a certain degree of independence as dhl under Muslin
rule. The Mozarabs have their own rulers, called counts,
who are directly responsible to the Muslim caliph. Special
agents, who ensure they are kept separate from those of the
Muslims, collect their taxes for the Muslim rulers. They are
allowed to maintain their religious hierarchy, and they use
Visigothic canon law. Theit liurgy called the Mozarabic


protected, the Mocarabs have suffered persecution in Mus-
lim lands at various points in cheie history

The chief Mozarab centers are Toledo, Sevilla and
Cordoba. These Christians speak booth Arabic and
Mozarabic, and retain many cultural traditions from the
Visigothicera. Asthe Reconquista heats up, more and more
Mozarabs have fallen under Christian rule, where their
‘exotic ways often make them the objects of suspicion and
distrust

+ Muwallads: While many Jews and Mozarabs con-
tinue their religious practice under Muslim rule, many
others have converted to Islam over the centuries. As
CChoristian lands, reasons for doing so vary from the threat of
pogtom to simple economic incentive (Muslims need not
pay the dhimm poll tax). The Muwallads and their descen-
dents maintain an ethic identity largely separate from the
Arab and Berber aristocracy that rules over them in the
Condotan, Almoravidand A lmobad dynasties. They have

risen co positions of leadership in several kingdoms and
even were in open revolt against the Cordoban state at the
end of the ninth cencury

LANGUAGES
‘The Iberian Peninsula isa melting pot of cultures and
religions. The region is likewise home to numerous lan
suages, each one associated with @ particular culeure or
kingdom.
© Arabic: Arabi
Iberia, being a languog

still widely spoken throughout
used in common by all Muslim —
and many non-Muslin — cultures. Both the Jews and the
Mozarabs frequently use Arabic, even within Christian
territories Likewise, many scholars have learned Arabic as
means of reading the ancient texts that survive in Muslim
libraries throughout the peninsula.
* Aragonese: The language of Aragon, its spoken in
the older parts of that kingdom, including Z:

Lérida. Ics quite similar to Castilian,
be absorbed by it.

* Castilian: The Romance language that will become
modern Spanish, Castilian emerged around Burgos in Old
Castile and spread with the Reconquista to Madrid, Toledo
and the rest of New Castile. It will eventually absorb
Aragonese and Leonese asthe three kingdoms merge in the
centuties to come.

© Catalan: Spoken in Rarcelana and the rest of
Catalonia, Catalan is another Romance language with
similarities to both Castilian and French. Continued con:
tact with Provence and the rest of France maintains that
distinction.

some effort
ind and get by in those other
player makes an Intelligence +
the same roll

ker faces thar if
Spanish language. In all thes
x; for a character to speak properly, a

and Lingui

ter with In
2 need not roll to
1 communicate in Aragonese,
n or Portugue

* Euskera: The language of the Basques, Euskera i
spoken in Navarre and several of the surrounding areas. It
isadistinct language from all others on the peninsula, and
‘one of the last healthy remnants of the languages spoken
before Roman times. It shares very little with any of the

ish languages. Learning it can be a real challenge

not spoken as widely as many

ewish communities — both under Muslim and

rule— continue te
services and scholarship. [n some instances, Jews use Ara
bic senpt to n Hebrew, requiring skill in both
languages to decipher its meaning.

© Leonese: Like A

cisely, aster-eonés) is bound to be absorbed
the centuries to come. It began in Asturias and is now
spoken in most of Ledn, except in the northwest, which
uses Galician, from which Portuguese is derived.

* Mozarabie: The Mozarab languaze, M
dialect of Castilian Spanish that be
rabic. Always a minority language, Mozarabic is

slowly dying out as the Reconquista brings the Mozarabs
under Catholic mule

* Portuguese: Another Romance language with com:

mon roots with C
expanding Kingdom «
tory directly to

Leonese (or, more pre
Castilian in

Portuguese is spoken in the
Portugal and in the Leonese tert

s north (in the form of Galician),


ing their decisive vietory at Las Navas
de Tolosa, it captures a region in the midst of massive
change. This is, of course, a lot to cover in these pages, but
you will find plenty of material to bring your Dark Ages
chronicle to the peninsula

Cnaprer BY CHAPTER

Chapter One: Shadowed History presents survey of
Iberian history from ancient times to Las Navas de Tolosa
and beyond. It provides information of the Carthaginian
and Romans settlement, on the Visigothic era and on the
histories of the current Muslim and Christian powers at
play. The chapter focuses on human history but provides
plentiful information on vampiric goings on.

Chapter Two: The Christian Kingdoms covers geog-
raphy and society of the Kingdoms of Navarre, Leén,
Castile, Portugal and the Crown of Aragon. It provides
descriptions and details onall the major citiesand theirkey
vampiric inhabitants. Important intrigues come to light
across the Christian north

Chapter Three: Al-Andalus provides the same treat
ment for the Muslim south. It covers all the regions still
under Muslim control, including Valencia, Cordoba,
Sevilla, and the Balearic Islands,

Chapter Four: Powers That Be Fxamines some ofthe
key vampiric and mortal institutions at play in Iberia.
‘These incluxle the doings of the Lasombra's secret council
‘of Amici Noctis, the Knights of and the cabal of
witch-hunters called the Sword of St. James

Chapter Five: The Damned provides backgroundand
game statistics for some of the most influential and in-
volved Cainitesin Iberia, Thischapterdoesnor attempt to

the unliv peninsula, ofcourse, only the
ey pinre

Chapter Six: Legends of the Reconquista provides

toolsand advice for settinga chronicle in Iberia. Ieincludes

IBERIA BY NIGHT.

Tue Asura AND Veu. oF NiGHT
Iberia by Night serves as an excellent comple-

includes some basic information o
this book expande and updates. Vel of Night also
includes a great deal of information on the philoso-
phies and cultures of Cainites in Muslim lands, most

otably the Ashirra: es in an Islamic
path chrough vampirism. These details can only
enrich a chronicle set in Iberia, even one starring
Christian characters. Veil of Night isnot required
reading to enjoy Iberia by Night, however. Not
only is all the required information between these
pages, Iberia keepsthe Arabic terms toaminimum,
usingthe Buropean clanand Road names readersare
more familiar with. Those who have Veil of Night
caneasly substitute Bay't Mushakisfor Clan Brujah
and Tariq el-Umma for Road of Humanity.

description of several options, including running a centu-
ries long Reconquista chronicle or ruling auaifa,
Dares

Iberia by Night is sct in AD 1212 instead of the
standard Dark Ages date of AD 1197. This isso for two
reasons: The chronicle supplement Bitter Crusade re-
cently charted major vampiric events in the period from
1202 to 1204 orso, and this allows Iberia by Nighttofollow
up on some of those plot threads. More importantly,
however, 1212 issimply amoredramati time than 1197 for
the Reconquista. It isthe year ofthe great Christian victory
at Las Navas de Tolosa, which essentially breaks the bock
of the Moorish presence on the peninsula (although their
retreat takes many more years). Ir' interesting toplay
chronicle set at a moment of transformation than one set
15 years before.

1f you wish to set your games in 1197 or even in the
decades after 1212, you'll have no difficulty doing so. Use
the history in Chapter One and the destinies of various
characters in Chapter Five to adjust the setting to your
heart's content.


TO GIBRALTAR)

mtanqurunos

[>]
mud Q

oo
oom)

mmngh JOO RE sycv9
Moy pa of

i Xo pega
Ma 4 xwngrg f * MOT p Snare

DIU



Shadowed

Let the night pass and mocnirig come
Look that ye vendy be

VOIR acts and horses, We woill forth
that host of theics fo see

Dike mers gorse out insexile instoa steange
ermpice,

Chere shall it be defecrined voho is wor
thy of his hive _

— The Song of the Gd


The history of the Iberian Peninsula is a long and
complicated one, filled with multiple waves of invad-
ets, each impressing their culture upon the region
Since the tenth century, the battles between the Chris-
tian states of the north and the Muslim empire of the
south have complicated matters further. In addition,
the various Christi

relationships, often joining one another as the result of
political alliances or marriages. Those unions then
collapse and new kingdoms are born. Consequently, it
isalmost impossible to do proper justice to the history
of the peninsula. What follows isa necessarily abbrevi-
‘ated ann simplified version of Iberian history for the

benefit of setting chronicles in this dynamic region of
the Dark Medieval age.

ANCIENT History

The oldest histories claim that the children of
Tubal and Tarsis first settled the Iberian Peninsula.
They were, so the stories go, the son and grandson of
Japheth, himself the son of the patriarch Noah. The
peninsula takes its name from the Iberians, a Mediter-
nean Bronze Age culture that scttled the east coast
ome claim the Basques are descendents of ancient
Therians, but the truth of these claims a matter of
conjecture, even among Cainites. Over the course of
s, the Iberians and the Celts — who
occupied much of France, Britain and Ireland in an
cient times — came into close contact. With the Celts
may have come solitary members of Clan Gangrel. If
true, the Animals would have been the first vampires to
inhabit the peninsula — although no trace of such
cient Gangrel remains. The meeting of the Celts and
ians produced the region's first multicultural civili
zation —a harbinger of the mixing and fusing that was
mark of the peninsula.
ans were the first crue empire-butld-
They colonized its Mediterranean
settl

several centu

was Gadir (|

of what would become C; Gadir was the center of
Phoenician power in Theria as well as the heart of their
cult of Melgart (a Phoenician god later associated with
Hercules). Although the worship of Hercules has long
since disappeared from Iberia, its presence still echoes
in place names, most notably the Pillars of Hercules at
the edge of the peninsula. Legends among the later
Cainite population suggest chat Followers of Set once
inhabited Iberia, based on maritime contact with Egypt
and the rest of the Mediter basin.

After the Phoenicians came the Greeks, who es-
tablished several coloniesand outposts, including Rodhe
(modem Rosas), Emporium (Ampurias) and Saguntum
(Sagunto). Both the Phoenicians and the Greeks suc

IBERIA BY NIGHT

ceeded in bringing Iberia into the mainstream of Medi
terranean culture. Consequently, the peninsula soon
drew the attention of other imperial powers — and the
Cainites who traveled in their wake.

CARTHAGINIAN IBERIA

The next people to set their eyes on Iberia were the
Carthaginians, who first settled the Balearic Isles in the
seventh century BC. In the sixth century, they cook
possession of Cadiz from the Phoenicians and set up
tradingoutpostsin the south. Following in the wake ofthe
Carthaginians came Cainites from several clans. most
notably Brujah and Lasombra, Unlike their North Affi-
‘can counterparts, these Brujah seemed not to equate the
idea of a Cainite utopia with any one place, believing it
transcended both place and time. The Lasombra who
accompanied them seem to have held similar ideals,
although eldersof the clan sought to founda society where
Cainites ruled openly over mortals. Both the Bruja, led
by the prophetic Yzebel, and Lasombra neonates who
found common cause with the Zealots opposed the Mag-
ister elders. Infighting thus marked the first few centuries
of verifiable Cainite presencein thepeninsula, The Bruja
and younger Lasombra usually held the upper hand, but
the arrival ofthe Lasonlta elder Zid around 300 BC
shifted the balance. Zinnridi wasan accomplished warrior
who rallied his followers against the Brujah and rebellious
Lasombra. Only his Final Death at the hands of Yzebel
herself prevented the Lasombra from gaining total domin-
ion over Iberia.

Unfortunately, Zinnridi's defeat was a Pyrrhic vie
tory for the Brujah. Their losses to Zinnridis attacks
made them easy targets for Roman Ventrue, who ar
rived later in the third century BC. Mortal Rome's
victory against Carthage in the First Punic War
emboldened the Ventrue, who began to appear in larger
numbers. The mortal Carthaginians responded ta their
loss by attempting co conquer the whole of the Iberian
Peninsula, believing it would compensate them for
their losses in Sicily and elsewhere. Their conquest was
begun by Hamilcar Barca, and ultimately extended as
far as the Ebro River, but it met with
tance. Istolacius and Indortes, twoCelti
raised an army of 50,000 men to fight against the
Carthaginians. In the end, the rebellion was crushed
and the leaders were put to death. But Orison, another
Iberian chief, defeated Hamilcar at Helike (modern
Elche), killing the general and throwing the
Carthaginians into disarray.

edup, the childer of Zinnridi
ian brethren and supported
did this not out of newfound

c's days were numbered.
ld they ever hope
ir site sought to achi

Only by supporting Rome o
ve the dominion


Moreover, these Cainites saw military prowess as the
highest form of achievement. From this point on, they
slowly began Embracing key military leaders as part of
their ultimate plan for ruling the peninsula
Meanwhile, a slave assassinated Hasdrubal, the
founder of the city of Cathago Nova (now Cartagena),
causing further chaos. Hasdrubal's brother-in-law
Hannibal then took control of the army todeal with the
worsening situation. He quickly defeated the rebelsand
conquered much of the peninsula, except for the Ro-
man dependency of Saguntum, Hannibal hated the
Romansand believed taking the city would consolidate
Carthage's power in Iberia against them. Instead, it
drew their ire. The Romans decided to strike back
inst their rivals. The Second Punic War resulted in
Carthage's defeat and the complete loss of Iberia. The
Romans were now the peninsula's new masters—ones
who would not be dislodged for centuries to come

RoMAN IBERIA

‘The Carthaginian Brujah remained in Iberia. Indeed,
they were joined by many more of their clanmates after
the final destruction of Carthage in the Third Punic War.
The Iberian Brujah were of a sober disposition. They
believed inaubelety, lying in waitfor the right opporn
tostrike back against the Ventrue who'd orchestrated the
destruction of their beloved city. For that matter, they
‘were equally happy to harm the Lasombra as well, whose
presence they also sensed during the Punic Wars. Thus,
the Brujah encouraged resistance against Roman rule, a
plan that worked for many yea

Inthe end, the Brujah miscalculated, believing the
Romans would retaliate against the resistance move-
mentin thesame way they'ddefeated the Carthaginians.
Instead, the resistance was defeated notonly by strength
of arms, but through "romanization." The peninsula
assimilated the cultureand civilization of Rome tosuch
a degree as to produce thetoricians like Quintilian,
poets like Martial and Silius Italicus, philoso-
phers lik and emperors like Trajan, Hadrian
and Theodosius.

Roman civilization proved an invincible weapon.
Its influence changed life in the peninsula forever.
Medieval Iberia is still covered with Roman ruins,
particularly aqueducts and bridges. Yet, the most last"
ing Roman influence is linguistic. Today, most
inhabitants of the region speak a Latinate language,
whether it be some dialect of Spanish or Portuguese
Only in those regions in which the Basques flourished
was there any significant resistance to the Latin lan-
guage. Of course, since the Moorish invasion, Arabic
has proven influential as well, also affecting the devel-
‘opment of Spanish and Portuguese.

Under Roman rule, Iberia first received Christian-
ity —and with it a new wave of Lasombra. There is an
ancient tradition that the Apostles Paul and James

came to the peninsula, as well as the so-called "Sev
Apostolic Men" (named Torquatus, Ctesiphon,
Secundus, Indalecius, Caccilius, Hesychius and
Euphrasius), to whom the foundation of various churches,
is attributed. Connected with the coming of St. James
is the equally ancient tradition of "Our Lady

Pillar" (la Virgen del Pilar)

the Virgin Mary to St. James himself. Some of the
Damned claim that among or alongside the Apostolic
Men were some of the earliest followers of a Christian
path of the Road of Heaven.

‘The Iherians were fervent believers in the new
faith, suffering martyrdom during nearly every persecu-
tion the Romans instituted. The most famous of these
martyrs suffered the persecution of the emperor
Diocletian, which began in AD 302. Some local Ventrue
‘elders, most notably Prince Flavius Sidonis of ora,
subtly encouraged the persecutions. Sidonis and his
fellows believed that Christianity threatened the unity
of the empire during a critical time in its history. Thi
vampires who converted to the Way of Christ likewise
suffered at the hands of their elders — a wound that
festers even today.

Despite the persecutions, many Church councils
were held in Iberia, the most important being those of
Elvira and Zaragoza, as well as the First Council of
Toledo. At the Council of Elvira in AD 324, the
celibacy of the clergy was insisted upon — a practice
that would not become common throughout the Church
asa whole forcenturies. Atthe Council of Toledoat the
end of the fourth century, the Filioque ("and from the
Son") clause was added to the Nicene Creed, a practice
that would likewise spread throughout the Church in
time, much to the constemation of the Orthodox
Churches, for whom such an addition is illicit at best,
heresy at worst. Nevertheless, this was a time of Chris
tian flowering in Iberia, some of whose greatest
inhabitants would rise to positions of prominence, most
notably, Se. Damasus, who became pope in AD 366. At
the insistence of Damasus, St. Jerome undertook the
translation ofthe Bible into Latin, producingthe Vulgate
used by the entire medieval Church.

VISIGOTHIC IBERIA

When the Germanic peoples invaded the Roman

Empire beginning in the fourth century AD, even

Iberia was not spared their depredations. Among those
who inveded the peninsula were the Alani,

\dals and the Suevians, both Germanic

lani were, for the most part, quickly

ated by the inhabitants of Iberia. The Vandals, after

establishing themselves in Baetica, passed on into Af

rica, while the Visigoths hemmed in the Suevi in
Galicia until the latter were also defeated.


the death of Chris
nt parts of the known v
the Lord had comm:
10 Christian tradition, Sain
Spain, where he spent aseveral y
Good ‘New out much success. He
tumed to Jerusalem where he suffered under the
persecution of Herod. In AD 44, he was capture
and beheaded. Immediately f
dom, his followers are said to hat
f Jaffa, wh
appeared and carried them — and
i back to Spain.
The boat landed at Iria
Galicia, some fifty miles fr
from Jaffa in the eastern Medite
said to have taken only one we
divine assistance his followers rece
Saint James's body
Early in the ninth century, Pelagi
living in that part of Spain, had a vision, w
subsequently reported to Theodomir, bishop
Flavia. In his vision, the hermit saw a lan
star, surrounded by a ring hinin
over a deserted spor in the hills. The bishop
s at his word and ordered that the s
tigated. After
ithed three bodies buried in a tomb
The bodies were
Saint Ja

wing his mai
nhish

was then buri
rbed and

ne time, the inve

Spanish) and tw

1s (or "Santiago" in

followers. ¥ I, King of
791-824 ee
site of the :

declared St. James to be
< entire I

he went to the
rayed there, Afterwards, he

patron and protector of
ache jastery over the

rand asmalll m
rary city of Compostela grew up

fices. The origiat of the site's rine
element of the legen
ite was originally known

One theory argues
llae ("Fie Star") or Campus
¢ tela. Another

ives from the Larin.word

mnan cemetery or early

known to have existed under

ay cathedeal in Santiage. The

rethen moved tothat necropolis

inearthed in the

nth cent
St. } ly in the
archbishop and the local
them in this endeavor, Both
fa major pilgrimage site on
cl support to the str
attention and
Turks seized the

cela's fortunes ine

hands of the Asturtans, ch
promote the site, TI
Cluniac monks aid
felt that the existen
wealth in the region. When the
her in 1078, Comp
iderably. With

jerusalem now in the

ins, the final resting place of St. James
active to pilgrims throughout
mn. Its place — and that of the

been secure ever since

hese Visigoths, originating in the east, hadsacke
Rome itself in AD 41

under the leadership of Alaric
an Peninsula. Thei

they occupied the northe

was Ataulf, an
Gothalandia, The Visigoths eventually extended their
rule over most of the peninsula, keeping the Suevians
‘nally, the chieftain Euric put an
the last remnants of Roman power in the
he mayb 1
maintained their independence in Galicia. E
also the first ki
The Visi Arian heretics. That is, they
believed that Christ was not God but rather a creation
Ged, like any other creature. However, the Iberian

trapped in Galici
end tc
reninsula in AD 466. In this wat

gto give written laws to the Visigoths.

IBERIA_BY_NIGHT

sin matters of religion. Thus, the Frankish kings of

rance (who were Catholics) attempted to establish

of Iberian Catholics, lead

utes between the Franks and th

isputes provided an opening for the

Cainite Heresy, which made a play for dominion in the

peninsula. Though largely rebuffed, the Heretics put

down roots in what would one day become Portugal,
thereby laying a groundwork for the furure

selvesas the protectc

The early years of Visigothic rule were thus charac

terized by both r ad religious quarrels. This
created substantial instability in the peninsula—which
played into Lasombra hands. In the end, King Recared
achieved both religious and political unity by accepting
Catholicism at the Third Council of Toledo in AD 589.
The religious unity established at this council was the
basis for a fusion of the Goths with the Iberians, which
would eventually produce the Spanish people


A Suapowep Lanp

Brujah, Lasombra and Ventrue vampires used the
cover of the Visigothic invasion to make war upon one
another. Each hoped to take advantage of the chaos in
Iberia to further their goals. The Ventrue hoped to
restore Roman rule and a semblance of order. In keep-
ing with their ideals, the Brujah hoped to forge a new
Iberian identity that transcended all the elements that
had come before. Meanwhile, the Lasombra refused to
commit en masse to any one faction, instead letting
their rivals destroy each other and keeping the hands
on the pulse of mortal institutions across the land. This
strategy can well be called cynical, but it was well
advised and ushered in a era of Magister supremacy on
thepeninsula. In AD 585, the Final Death of the Brujah
elder Yzebel at the hands of Ventrue raiders, in what
would become northern Portugal, sealed the fate of
both Zealots and Patricians in Iberia. Indeed, although
the Ventrue claimed Yzebel's blood, they did so only
with Lasombra support. The raiders all met untimely
death soon thereafter. Although vampiresof every clan
would be found across Iberia, the peninsula was from
that point on Magister land.

Musi [Bera

In the second half of the seventh century, the Byzan-
tine resurgence begun under Justinian | fell before the
expansion of Islam. By AD698, most of North Africa was
in Muslim hands, including Egypt. In 705, al-Walid 1,

caliph of the Umayyad dynasty, appointed Musa iba
Nusayr governor of these new territories of the empire
Musa then conquered the rest of North Aftica as far as
Tangiers. He also used his new position to begin convert-

ingthe Berbersto Iam —aslow and difficult undertaking
at which he succeeded beyond all expectations

As Musa's armies advanced, the Assamites advanced
with them, using the fog of war asacloak for the activities
oftheirclan, Likewise, some of thesurvivingCar
LLasombra,as well as new arrivals, saw the march of Islam,
asthe perfect opportunity to advance their own scheme
By the time Musa's armies reached the farthest edge of
North Arica, bothclanshad ensconced themselvesin he
new Muslim society. ButCainitesof both clins hoped the
brilliane leader would not be content with his victories
and seek out new conquests across the sea.

Those hopes were realized when the Christian nulerof
Ceuta, Count Julisn, reached an agreement with Musato
launch a joint invasion of the Iberian Peninsula. The
inwasion was thus the result of both a Muslim readinece t9
conquerand. cal for aid from the Visigothic faction loyal
tothe family of King Witiza. These partisans had lost theit
positions of power in 710 when the usurper Rodrigo
‘assassinated Witiza. The Muslimsseemed tobethe perfect
alliesagainst the supporters of Rodrigo. In 711, Musasent
1 Berber army under Tariq ibn Ziyad across the strait
whose modem name, Gibraltar, derives from his own,

Upon theirartival, the Berbers fought against Rodr
defeated him in battle.

Insteadofretumingto Africa, however, Tariqmarched
north and conquered Toledo, the Visigothic capit
where he spent the winter of 711. The
Musa led another army deeper i
conquered Mérida after ereached Tariq
in Toledo in the summer of 713. From there, Musa
advanced northeast, taking Zaragoza and invading the
country up to the northern mountains, He then moved
from west to eas, forcing the natives to submit to Muslim.
rule or flee. Both Musa and Tariq were recalled to Syria by
the Umayyad caliph; they departed the region in 714. By
then, most of the peninsula was in Muslim hands.

‘The rapidity of Muslim success resulted in
from the fact that Visigothic society had not suc:
inachievinga genume synthesis of its various elements.

1t by doctrinal and political disputes

the Visigoths' own conquest of the

turies before. In fact, some elements of

socicty, as the Jews, were particularly hostile
toward the Visigothic government — and with good
reason: legal strictures against them were exceedingly
harsh in places like Toledo.

Moreover, the Muslin conquest brought advan-
tages to many. The tax burden, for example, was less
onerous under the Muslims than it had been under the
Visigoths. Likewise, serfs who converted to Islam be-
came freedmen and were dependents of the nobleman.
who had conquered the territory to which they were
attached. Jews were no longer persecuted and were
placed on an equal legal footing with those Christians
who did not renounce their faith

The situation was somewhat different for the
Cainites living in the area. The Brujah and Venerue
who had survived their wars during the Visigothic era
fought inst the invaders (including some Muslim,
clanmates), but were ultimately displaced and fled
north. Many Lasombra also fled, fearing the wrath of
the Ashira (asthe Muslim Cainitescalled themselves)
However, many stayed, understanding that they could
use Muslim society as a veil just as easily as they could
Christianity. When Ashirra Lasombra moved into the
region from Africa and the Middle East, they found
Iberian clanmates ready to accept them. The divide
between those Lasombra who accepted the Moors and
those who fled north has never healed,

Tue DEPENDENT EMIRATE

‘The first half ofthe eighth century saw the birth of
new society in Iberia. The Arabs formed the ruling class
Below them were the Berbers, who made up the majority
ofthe troopsused toinvade Iberia, and beneath them were
Iberians who had converted to Islam. This latter class
formed the majority of the region's native population
because social and economic motives induced many to

SHADOWED HISTORY


convert. Christians and Jews who retained their religions
came next in the social hierarchy. For this privilege, these
"People of the Book" paid a small tax to the Muslim
government. At the bottom of the class structure were
slaves, whose numbers came primarily from captured
northemers and black Africans. The Ashirra mirrored
their mortal counterparts in their hierarchy, although
shouls rather than slaves formed the lowest nung.

The period between 711 and 756 is called the
"dependent emirate" because Muslim Iberia, or
Andalus, was a dependency of the Umayyad Caliph
of Damascus. These years were marked by continuous
hostilities between Arab factions.as well ashetween the
social classes. Despite these upheavals, the Muslims
continued their expansion into Europe — as did the
Cainites who traveled with them. Muslim expeditions
made forays across the Pyrenees regularly until 732. At
that time, the Franks, led by Charles Martel, defeated
the Muslims, led by the emir ‘Abd ar-Rah
Ghiafiqi, at the Battle of Poitiers. This was the furthe:
teach of the Moorish conquest in Europe. It ts also
marked the beginning of serious Christian Cainite
resistance to the Ashirra

Events

‘where also contributed to the Muslim

retreat, For example, a Berber rebellion agamst the
Arabs in North Africa proved disastrous for Iberia. It
brought about the depopulation of the northwestern
portion of the peninsula, whose primary inhabitants
had been Berbers. Likewise, the rebellion brought a

Syrian army and its leader Balj to al-Andalus, thereby
creating yet another faction for this strfe-torn region,
‘This unfortunate situation changed for the better with
the establishment of an independent emirate in 756 by
‘Abd ar-Rahman lad-Dakhil. ‘Abd ar-Rahman was the
only Umayyad prince to escape the slaughter of his
family at the hands of the ‘Abbasids, who took over the
Muslimn empire from the Umayyads. Safe in al-Andal
hedeclared political independence from the‘Abbasids,
although he continued to recognize their authority in
religious matters,

Tue INDEPENDENT EMIRATE

The Andalusian ayyad dynasty ruled Iberia
from 756 until 1031. During this , science and
learingflourished, asdid thearts. Al-Andalusachieved
a level of sophistication unmatched in Europe at that
time. In the shadows, itattracted significant numbers of
Brujah (or Mushakisin, to.use their Arabic name), who
hhad begun to believe the Moors could create the utopia
ot which they dreamed. The rift between the Muslim
and Christian branches of the Lasombra grew as the
Ashirraarrogantly pressed their claimse Chris-
tian brethren. Certain Assamites also gained a greater
measure of domain in al-Andalus during this period.
Indeed, shortly after the mortal ‘Abd ar-Rahman fled
Damascus, theancient Assamite warrior Hilelal-Masari

IBERIA. BY NIGHT

arrived in Gérdoba. One of the first of Hagim's brood to
convert to Islam, he was a powerful force and quickly
established himself as Sultan of Cordoba, with a c

to domain across Moorish Iberia. ALMasaati had been
warrior before he became a schemer, however, and was
happy to let his sultanate's affairs be managed by
Assamite viziers and Lasombra aids.

‘Abd ar-Rahman based his power upon an Arabic
aristocracy affliated with his dynasty and lavished
richesand power on these allies. At the same time, he was
ever mindful of the slightest sign of rebellion or any
undermining of his authority. both of which he puniched
with great ruthlessness.' Abdar-Rahman wasalsoacham-
pion of Muslim orthodoxy, protecting the faith against all
‘opponents. Thus, he launched a series of campaigns
against the Christian state of Asturias. In the eastern part
of Iberia, he was troubled by intrigues of the ‘Abbasids,
while in the north he had to cope with the ambitions of
Charlemagne. Fortunately for al-Andalus, Charlemagne
proved incapable of taking control of Iberia. The Franks
had tobe content with occupyingonly theSpanish March
in modem Catalonia. While far less than they had hoped
for, this occupation hemmed in the Muslims, which

nboldened Ventrue and Lasombra.

‘Abd ar-Rahman I's successors, Hisham | and al-
Hakam I, spent much of their reigns dealing with unrest
among the Arab nobility. A massive rebellion in Toledo
required the hiring of large numbers of Berber and Slav
mercenaries — as well as new taxes to pay for them.
‘Unsurprisingly, such amove proved almost asdisastrousas
therebellion self, creating further instability. Despite the
best efforts of both the Brujah and Christian Lasombra to
take advantage of the situation, the Muslims were able to
regain their footing, proving once more that mortals
determined the destiny of Iberia, not Cainites.

"Abd ar-Rahman I's reign is remembered asa time of
political, adminictrative and cultural regeneration. During
his time asemir, he embarked upon an impressive program,

ng" Iberia, that is, ruming al-Andalus into a

e those in the Middle

‘While largely successful, chis program met with resistance
fiom the Mozarabs, or Arsbicspeaking Christians. En-
couraged by the leaders Alvaro and St. Eulogio, they
sought to encourage resistance to the Muslims through
acts of martyrdom. Most commonly, this involved publicly
reviling the Propher Muhammad, an offense punishable
by death from 850 onward. The emir reacted remarkably
calmly to this wave of blasphemy by encouraging those
accused to repent and thereby avoid the penalty. Never-
theless, a conservative faction within the Mozarabic
‘community kept this resistance active for nearly adecade,
resulting in 53 executions before ecclesiastical authorities
stepped in and discouraged any further martyrdom. The
‘Chostian Lasombra took advantage of these persecutions
to Embrace several Mozarabs, who formed a corps of anti-
Muslim firebrands to battle against the Ashiera


icy, ‘Abd ar-Rahman II showed a con
gedlambassadors with both
ine Empiceand the Frankish kingCharlesI the
asalso able toconfrontthec
‘ursions of the Vikings, whom he defeate:
5 AbdarR man esablshed
northern invaders (and
pires who traveled with them) by the
creation of twonaval bases, one on Atlantic at Sevillaand
another on the Mediterranean at Pechina. These bases
curtailed the Viking threat to Iberia
emir's successors were confronted
ssdangerous: Muslim
ads. The mwallads formed the
ut they lacked political

However, the

convert
majority

the south ofthe peninsul
formorothe
among the
initiated reforms within his
1 the hierarchy, allowing non-Arabs t
of power within his realm,
By 930, the muwailad unrest had ended and the

this time, the Muslim Lasombra (called the Qabilat al:

11879. The revolt lasted, in of

onder ronip asimilar proble
Sultan Hamid al-Dossadi

illa. He libe
ain positions

literally the "Clan of S
heir grip on Iberia, to

nostanachronist
a low point — a position from which they would not
recover for some tine

Ti CAUPHATE OF CORDOBA
Although very much concemed with Iberian matters
ar Rahman Ill did not neglect international diplo-
smucy. In particular, he found himself dealing with the
issue of lberia's relationship to the ‘Abbasid Caliphate at
Baghd ntil 910, there exist
the Muslim domains, each on

‘mate authority ofthecaliph in Baghdad. Once the Fatimich

<i the ttle of caliph in 9
the Caliphate of Cordoba, which

more than acentury. Ironically

"ainitessaw this action aspositivefortheirown,
d them that Islam was no longer united,

sed they could use the dissent within is

oclaiming a


Meanwhile, the Christian kingdoms of the north
continued to make war on al-Andalus. ‘Abd ar-Rabman
Ill suffered a severe defeat in 939 at Simancas. Fortunately
for him, the intemal weakness of the Kingdom of Leén_
enabled him to restore his domination of the peninsula
through political means. He consolidated his position
through several embassies to Holy Roman Emperor Otto
I,to the Christian sovereignsof the peninsula, to the pope
and to Byzantium. The corsir enclave in Fraxinetum in
southern France likewise acclaimed his sovereignty,
From Tunis, the Fatimid Caliphate endeavored to
establish an empire that would: the Atlantic
and would include al-Andalus. In order to prevent
Fatimid hegemony in the Maghrib, the Cordoban caliph
‘occupied the North African ports of Melillaand Ceuta by
© between the two caliphates
ndandattemprsatsubversive
ica. Infact, "Abdar-Rahman almost
‘overthrowing the Fatimid Caliphate by
supporting rebel factions. The conflict dragged on for
‘years, ending only when the Fatimids conquered Egypt in
969 and lost interest in the Maghrib. This created a power
‘vacuum that was rapidly filled by the Umayyads
As the Christian Lasombra had suspected, Islam was
now hopelessly rent with intemal conflicts, both in day
and night. The Iberian Ashirra now spent as much time
fightingoneanother asthey did fighting against Christian
enemies, despite the best efforts of Hill al-Mascari and
other charismatic sultans. The Sultan of Sevilla, the
, formed a shor-lived
advocatedunity inthe
ately, F

Toreador Haytham ibn Jakee
movement within the Ashirrath:
face of the Christian threat. Unfortu
to the same infighting he hoped to end
for so forward-thinking an Ashirra.

‘Abd ar-Rahman IIL was succeeded by his son ale
Haka Il in 961, who also adopted the title of caliph. His

reign was peaceful; he succeeded in resolving the problem
ofthe Maghribsthanksto the incredible straregic ability of
his |, Ghalib, and the policies of his advisor,

a‘afiri, who wasknown asal-Mansur, "the
‘Victorious One." Upon the death of al-Hakam, his young,
son, Hisham I al- Mu'ayyad,occupiedthe throne. Hisham
Il grew up under the tutelage of his mother, Aurora and
the vitier Jafaral- Mushati. In 978, al- Mansur eliminated
the virier and seized control of the government. He then
used his influence to weaken the position of the caliph,
delegating all eal authority to himself, becoming the true
power behind the throne.

AL-Mansur used his newfound power to conquer
most of the Maghrib, which he transformed into the
viceroyalty of Cérdoba. He likewise prevented the
growth of the Christian kingdoms of northern Iberia by
attacking their domains with great regularity — ap-
proximately every six months. He showed no mercy
toward them, sacking their capitals as often as possible
With the support of a professional army consisting

IBERIA BY NIGHT

predominantly of Berbers, who obeyed him without
question, al-Mansur sidestepped the Arab aristocrac
who were lat osed to his weakening of the
caliph'sauthority. He likewise avoided dealing with the
slaves, many of whom had achieved positions of author-
ity within the government. The result was an extremely
efficient, dynamic kingdom, but one that depended
almost entirely upon his continued rulershi
Al-Mansur was everything the Lasombra could
want in a leader: strong, decisive and rational. He
understood the strengths and weaknessesof his position
and weed them wisely. He surrounded himeelf with the
greatest poets and artists of his age, as well as great
philosophers and religious thinkers. Al-Mansur like-
wed his program of regular raids against the
Christian kingdoms, winning over 50 battles by the
time of his death in 1002. The question of whether to.
Embrace al-Mansur occupied many nights among the
Amici Noctis, especially those with Muslim sympathies.
Ultimately, it was decided that such aman would have
to be drawn into the clan willingly, through a slow
hidden truths. The Muslim Lasombi
1c led the effort to bring al-Mansur
intotheshadow. Thathe failedistaken by most tomean
the great man refused the offer.
When al-Mansur died, his son, Abd al-Malik Al.
Muzaffar, continued his policies. He further weakened
ast the Christians, but had
the misfortune to die prematurely. His brother "Abd ar
Rahman Sanchuelo lacked the skill and determination
necessary to maintain the structure built by his father,

andan uprising that sought to restore the political rights
of Caliph Hisham I tcoulted in Sanchuelo's death. Ir
also spelled the end of the Umayyad dynasty in Iberia
although no one yet knew it, least of all the Musi
Lasombra. They were still smugly satisfied with the
greatness of the empire al-Mansur had managed to
create through his unorthodox actions.

THE KINGDOMS OF
THE TAIFAS

"Abd ar-Rahman Sanchuelo's death resulted in
of unrest, most notably from 1009 to 1031, During this
time, the social and political unity among Andalusians
began to unravel — with unfortunate consequences for
all. The result was anarchy and the formation of numerous
independent kingdoms, or taifas. The political history of
the period reads like an uninterrupted series of civil wars.
Presmnincat ls the conffontanion between the Arab fac
tions, under the leadership of Sevilla and the Berbers, led
by Granada. Over time, Sevilla succeeded in uniting
southem al-Andalus under its banner, Only Granada and
Malaga resisted this rising stare. This regime was ruled by
al-Mu'tadid, a thoroughly unscrupulous man who pre-
tended to have found the vanished Hisham I! al-Mu'ayyad.


‘AL-Mu'tadid was succeeded by his son al-Mu'tamid, who
was known asa poet as well asa ruler. Inthe east, except
fora brief period when the small state of Denia built a
powerful lect that enabled ito stage incursions through-
‘out the western Mediterranean, the taifas preserved a
certain equilibrium. Farther tothe north, thetaifas wasted
their time in interminable intemal quarrels, mach to the
chagrin of the Muslim Lasombra.

TheChristian states tookadvantage of the breakup
of the Umayyad Caliphate. They slowly began to
expand their borders, retaking lands lost centuries
hefore. However, the Christians lacked the popula
tions necessary to hold huge conquests. Thus, they
moved conservatively and seted to bulld up che galng
they did make. They imposed various taxes and tributes
on the taifas, most notably the parias, a form of annual,
tribute by which the taifa kings could buy immunity
from attack for another year. In point of fact, the parias
were nothing mote than protection money, but his
tribute revitalized the economy of the Christian states.
Ialso created friction between the Muslim rulers of the
taifas and their own subjects, because the kings con-
tinually imposed more burdensome taxes to generate
sufficient funds to buy off the Christian kingdoms for
another year. When cash was lacking, the taifasdevalu-
ated their currency, mintingnew coins. The Christians
would not accept this, however, and the taifa kings
were then forced to increase taxes yet again, alienating
them from their subjects even more. The extravagant
luxury in which the kings maintained themselves only
added to popular resentment and further destabilized
the Muslim hold on Iberia.

Ar Nicur AMonG THE THiFA

The rise ofthe taifas wasa heyday for the L:
‘on both sides of the religious divide. With the ce
‘of Cordoban central authority, the Assamite Hilel al-
Masaari's claim to overall domain became impossible

force, and other sultans rose to places of promi:

nence. In Granada, the Lasombra Badr made his
presence known, although his power would only rise to
shake the peninsula in later centuries. More troubling
was the rise of Miriam bint Aisha in Cérdoba. A
LLasombra mistress of intrigues, she claimed no official
domain (and even publicly supported al-Masaari as
sultan), but in private she began to weave a web of
influence. The instability of the taifas suited her needs,
the good of the Muslim cause be damned.

Unsurprisingly, this course of events suited the
Cluistian Lasombra quite nicely. The whole of the
cleventh century was a splendid time for them, as they
both strengthened their hold on the Iberian Church,
and weakened their Muslim rivals. As they did so, they
displaced the last Ventruc with any real authority,
whose antiquated approach to the Muslim occupation
had weakened them greatly.

During this time, the Gangrel elder Shabaqo the
Nubian also announced his conversion to Islam, The
Animals had rejected Muslim faith just as they had
Christianity, asaweak calling for mortal sheep. Shabago,
anancient of the clan, however, had fou
and faithful allies among the Ashirra

their stories of the Prophet. Hilel al-M
Muslim and a terrible warrior, was the closest thing
Shabaqo had to a friend, It was he who guided Shabago
to an Ashirra imam when he was ready to convert in
1005. Although some Gangrel called him weak and
some Ashirra called him blasphemous, he and hiv
childer became an important part of the unliving mo:
saic of al-Andalus. The term "Taifa Gangrel" soon
came to mean those Animals who followed a Muslim
warrior's code and spread beyond the peninsula to the
rest of the Muslim world. In Iberia, they preyed only on
Christians and Jews, a fact that marked them for par-
ticular hatred by Cainites promoting the Reconquista

THE ALMorAvIps

Just how vulnerable Muslim Iberia had become
became clear with the Castilian occupation of Toledo
in 1085. Toledo was the kev to the Mescti Central
Plateau and therefore to the entite peninsula, and its
fall rightly alarmed the remaining caifa kings. For help
ming the ri ian tide, they looked to a
eration in northwestern Africa
called the Almoravids (literally, "Those Dwelling in
Frontier Fortresses"). The Berbers were quite willing to
help restore Muslim hegemony over Iberia. Theit ruler,
Yusuf ibn Tashufin entered the peninsula from North
Africa and eventually reached the fields of Zalaca,
north of Badajoz, where he defeated a Castilian army
under Alfonso VI in 1086. Although a blow to Chris.
tian confidence, thisbattle hadno lasting consequences
92 Yusuf was unable to capitalize upon ital returned t0
North Africa. Almoravid policy in Iberia remained
indecisive over the next two years, but the siege of
Aledo in 1088 convinced Yusuf that he needed to put
an end to the taifas if he were to rescue Islam in Iberia.
From 1090 onward he deposed the rulers of the
taifas, beginning with those of Granada and Malaga. In
1091, he did the same to the rulers of Almeria and
Sevilla, and he followed in 1093 with the ruler of
Badajoz. Only Rodrigo Dfaz de Vivar, known as El Cid
("the Lord" in Iberian Arabic usage), was able to resist
the Almoravids. El Cid had established himself in an
independent kinedom centered on Valencia
The figure of El Cid is an anomaly of Iberian
history. Atfirst, he served asa mercenary in the taifa of
Zaragoza. Later, he became an independent prince in
the east, ruling over lands that were mainly inhabited
by Muslims.
El Cid had the good fortune, however, of finding
efficient administrators among the Mozarabs in his

SHADOWED HISTORY

some strong


domain, thereby enabling it toppn
times, Inaddition, his
avercome the

pof Almoravid tactics
ater numbers, lead.
eral glorious victorie
1099, Valencia fell
eld it urvil 1
to evacuate and seek re
Valencia, the Aln -xpand their
conquests in the peninsula, culminating in the fall of
Ironically, the Li , marked the beginnis
of the end for the Almoravids. The Aragonese king
Alfonso |, and his stepson, Alfonso VII of Castile, began a
mains, many of which were qi
Almoravids f

Upon his death in
f his followers,

und themselves distracted by religious upris
ings in North Africa, Consequently, they were unable t
ainst the renewed assaults of Arag

precarious was the Almoravid p that

were forced to hire Christian mercenaries to mount

in 1118,
quered a large

Muslim counter:
avo and Elieser de
st the Ashirra and

mquist,

sTercio

ruck major blows ag
e shadow Re

Car anp Et Cip

For the Cainites of Iberia, the Almoravid period is

the arrival ofthe Assamite
of El Cid. Umar was a

ng the Berbers for many years. He saw in

them the potential t

toward conquest and helped set the stage for the
d invasion, Umar set himself up in Sevilla
ly helped end a period
ring the Brujah Gerusah bint Yoav
ion of sultan. There he has remained, but
ims of unity and drive among the Ashirra were
quickly undone by fhinations of the Lasombra
Miriam bint Aisha. Thi ain rivals tothis
As for El Cid
me the subject
deed, they almost worship

reinvigorate the Muslim drive

f vampiric
fs
SUPP

ment of their ideals: decisive acti


do what needed to be done, whatever the cost. Just like
al-Mansur, the clan ruled that he had to be brought to
the Embrace if he were to come under the shadow, and
just like al-Mansur he seemingly refused. Since his
bones have been moved to Burgos, the tomb of El Cid
serves as a rallying point for the shadow Recongqusta
against the Ashirra. Cainites like Tercio Bravo — a
former companion of El Cid — still use his memory to
inspire a new generation of vampires to take up his
mantle in the fight against the Moors. (For more on El
Cid, see sidebar.)

THE ALMOHADS

Unnar al-Rashid was not an Assamite to be easily
thwarted. He knew that other Berber dynasties were on.
the rise and he bided his time. He used catspaws in
North Africa roback the rise of one such dynasty — the
Almohads ("Those Who Affirm the Unity of God").
most notably through the instrument of zealous young
warriorsof his clan. He knew the dynasty would turn its
sights on Iberia at last. This hope was justified when
"Abd al-Mu'min became leader of the dynasty in 1130.
He decided that the only way to restore Muslim power
in Iberia was first to conquer the remaining taifas and
impose direct Almohad dominion over the region
Only then, he reasoned, could Islam triumph over the

pristian states of the peninsula, Umar quietly sup-
ported thispolicy, working behind the scenes to weaken
any taifa that stood in the way of the Almohads, such as
that of Ibn Mardanish, ruler of Valenc
Granada and Cordoba. The Assamite warriors rode the
wave of Almohad progress, displacing. stubborn
Lasombra. Miriam bint Aisha saw some of her pawns
fall in this wave but set about enacting her own
counterintrigué

‘The Almohads assumed the ttl
their newfound religious ty wo introduce severe
new laws and measures, Their intention was to
strengthen their empire through religious unification.
Thus, they compelled both Christians and Jews in their
domains to convert to Islam or emigrate — a decision
tha greatly bolstered support against them in Iberia.
Nevertheless, these strictures seemed to have a benefi-
cial effect, as the Almohad empire reached heights of
power unscen in western Islam since the days of the
caliphate of Cérdoba.

The Almohads then renewed the war against the
Christians by defeating the king of Castile, Alfonso
VII. in 1195 at the Bartle of Alarcos. The vicrory was
a great one for the Almohads. Unfortunately, they
proved no more able to capitalize on it than had th
predecessors, the Almoravids. This gave the Christians
the time they needed to regroup for another series of
battles, culminating in che Battle of Las Navas de
Tolosa in 1212

ofcaliph and used

Las Navas be Tou:

ning in 1210, Alfonso VIII of Castile was
preparing to launch a renewed attack against the
Almohads. He launched numerous deep raids into
Muslim territory, some of which finally drew thea
tion of the Almohad caliph, Muhammad al-Nasir, The
caliph struck back hard, eventually taking Salvatierra,
2 castle of the Order of Calatrava in 1211. News of this
‘counterattack alarmed Pope Innocent I who promptly
summoned great crusade against the Almohads, which,
brought thousands ofreinforcementsacrossthe Pyrenees
(under the command of the bishups of Narbonne,
Bordeaux and Nantes). In addition, there came the
troopsand personal leadership of Sancho VI of
Pedro I of Aragon and Alfonso Il of Portugal

The result of Innocent's summons was the largest
(Christian army in Spanish history, which assembled in
Toledo in June of 1212, with the intention of ret
Salvatierra — but whose destiny was far greater. The
huge army left Toledo on the 20th of July and entered
the town of Malagén, where the French crusaders razed
and killed the entire population (despite the opposition
of Castilians). Shortly thereafter, they entered a,
where Iberian leaders signed ‘an armistice with he
Moors. At this point, most of the foreign crusaders left,
disappointed in the Then
conquest. Nevertheless, the 1
on toward Salvatierra.

Meanwhile, the Almohad troops were encamped on,
the level plain of Las Navas de Tolosa, just to the south of
the Despeffaperros pass through the Sierra Morena. The
Almohads had blocked a narrow canyon known as el
‘Miuradal, through which the Christian army wouldhave to
pass. The Christian army considered retreating, but soon
found an unknown pass, known as el Rey, thanks to the
effortsofa local shepherd. Thus, the wwoarmiesfinally met
‘on July 10 and the battle erupted.

The Castilian king, Alfonso VIII
center of the Christian arm
manded the left wing and Sancho VII of Navarre the
right. The Castilian militias were equally distributed
among the three divisions. These infantry detachments
were mixed with cavalry force e King Alfonso

would protect his m envelopment

foorsalso resorted alarrangem

of their troops in three units along a line with a reserve
held back. They also had an advance line of light
skirmishers, whose thrust against the Christian lines
‘opened the battle. Archers and North Africans occu:
pied the center, while local Andalusian troops occupied
the nwo wings.

The battle began in earnest when Christian forces
began an advance against the Muslim skirmishers and
scattered them while moving toward the main body of
the Moors. The two armies then engaged in chaotic

SHADOWED HISTORY


E
Rodrigo Diaz de Vivar was born in 1043. near
Burgos, in Castile. The son of a minor noble an.

wealthy mother, he was brought up in the houschokd
of the boy who would grow to be Sancho Il of Castile
Sancho, and two years therea
time, his repuratic

rhelpedn

sotiate

n place
Unfortu

attempt

, the Cd's parton &
annex Levin to the Castilian crown
an ironic tum of ev
Alfonso — the forme king

however, Alfonso}

wited de Vivarintohiscourt, albeit at
a reduced rink, and arranged for a marriage to his nicce
Jimena, daughter of the Count of Ovied:
However, de Vivar never fit in well at court, and
in particularhisrivalry with
Garefa Ondone

lacement as armiger

proved to be his
downfall. In 1079, de Vivar was on a mission to the
kingdom of Sevilla when it was invaded by
from Granada, supported by Garcfa Ordofies. De Vivar
wona resounding victory for Sevilla at Cabra. This set
the stage for further conflict with Alfonso VI, and in
1081, after an unauthorized raid on Toledo, de Vivar
was banished

Alfonso'srivalssaw thisasa tremendousopportuni

and for the next few years, de Vivar serve
Duringthattime he won victoriesover Léridain 1082 an
Argon in 1084. It was during this time that El Ck
acquired his other most famous epithet, El Camp
(The Champion"), and leamed enough of

lay the grounchwork for his future ambitions.

was well on his way to having Valencia asa tibutary,

by 1092 he besieged the city afteran act of rebellion by its
ei, ibe Jabhat, resulted in the death of the city's
Despite Almoravid assistance, ibn Jathaf surrencere
May 1094. When the situation was settled, de Vivar had
him bumed alive. Over the next few years, while puta
tively a tributary of Alfonso VI, El Cid rumed Valencia
intohisprivan

J in Zar

psglom, status cemented by the strategic
marriages of his daughters to other potentates

The Christian kingdom of Valencia did not long
outlast its king, however. De Vivar died in 1099, and
by 1102 the city was in Almoravid hands. Alfonso V
tad lgedicindfensibleandbumed whathecoudto

d. De Vivar'sbody was removed and reburied

nbeatable gene
nalike, coalesced into El cantar de
mio Cid ("The Song of the Cid"), the epic poem of
Castile. His resting place became the center of an
energetic "tomb c nd in death de

\ me culogized and t ned intothe syn

Vivar bec

bol of the

AMONG THE S)
1 good or for il, C
his process of myth

is said) he tured dow
because they
and bearing, the Lasombra o
formed their own tomb cult around the man. It is
considered fitting for a young Lasombra who is on the
verge of being introduced to Cainite society — othe
Amici Noctis — to stand a day's vigil at the Cid's tomb
of being able toemulate his statecraft, nobility
Members of the Shadow
Jo so as well, though their purpose in the
ith de Vivaras Reconguistador:
the Ci
ngtoashrine for many martialand Chistian

\DOWS

niteshave not been immune

jon. Perhaps because (as it
their offer of etemity, perhaps
genuinelyawedby hisachievements

northem Iberia have

is considered the

on the peninsula, at least thone less than a
entury and a half under the shadow. This, of course,
meansthatequally youngand hotheaded A shirramake
ita point to disrupt vigils whenever possible. Normally
eattacksarec
he Muslin

ied out just before dawn; other times
Lasombra influence mortals to interrupt
day in hopes of a fatal accident

Te has been suggested that Archbishop Moncada

h the head ofthe monastery to

sare undisturbed, and that he did 0

ously empry of mortals when a
A few brothers of the

wa respecthl

é +ysorve mainly to koep the curious aw
inappropriate times. Cainites, however, find that they can

ways pass with no difficulty

As important a symbol as de Vivar's tomb mig

e, no one has dared yeractack tt personally, Even the
most hotheaded Ashirra knows that the Cid is better
left asa symbol of reverence than as a rallying ery for
«ce. Asthe Reconquistapushessouthward, how.
ever, this may change, and if it does, all hell will break
loose shortly thereafter.


combat. Then, al-Nasit committed a portion of his
reserve with the effect of buckling the Christian lines,
causing some of their forces to retreat. In fact, the
retreat was so disheartening that King Alfonso consid
ered ending his life by the combat directly
rather than face so hu a defeat. However,
Archbishop Rodrigo Jiménez de Rada of Toledo sent
his portion of the Christian reserve into battle, which
stabilized the lines. This turned the tide in favor of the
Iberians, and the arrival of King Sancho's wing finally
broke the Moorish lines — including the caliph's

personal guard — sending al-Nasir into flight toward
Jaén. heir leader's retreat shattered Moorish morale
and they tured and fled, pursued by the Christians for
the rest of the night.

The Christian army spent the next day regrouping,
assessing the number of Muslim dead and counting the
booty. In the end, the treasure collected was so great
that it took over two thousand donkeys to haul it away.
Inaletter, Alfonso VIII vividly described the Christian
Victory w Pope Innocent Ill: "In order to show how
immense were the numbers of the enemy, when our
the battle for two days in the enemy
camp, forall the fires which were needed to cook food
needed than that of the enemy arrowsand spears which
were lyingabout, andeven then we bumed scarcely half
of them."

From that point, the tide of the Reconquista had
tumed irrevocably in favor of the Christians

JEws IN IBERIA

‘While the great struggle of the Reconquista takes
place between Muslims and Christians, the Jews of
Iberia play an important part that far outweighs their
numbers. However, their position isan awkward one. as
they cannot be easily aligned with one side or the other.
Indeed, there is evidence of a Jewish presence on the
Iberian Peninsula as carly as the third century. While
there are some anti-Semitic laws passed during the
Visigothic kingdoms (most notably by the seventh
century king Egica, who was convinced there was a
Jewish conspiracy against him), Jews were fairly well
integrated into society under Visigothie rule.

In the early eighth century, when Tariq ibn Ziyad's
forces entered the cities of Toledo, Cérdoba, Elvira and
Sevilla, they entrusted the care of those cities to the
tesident Jews. The same went for Granada, which earned
the namic Ghurrwa al-Yehud (Granada of the Jews) be-
‘cause when the Muslim armies arrived, only the Jews of
thecity remained togreet them. Asdhimmi, or "protected
Persons," Jews enjayed a fair bt of tolerance and prestige
under the Umayyad emirate, and in many cases Jews were
chosen to oversee the Jewish and Chr
in occupied cities (though prohibitive

army rested aft

ALA

formal codificat
¢ in Provence in the lat

 Qabbalah
mid-thirteenth century, Granada and Te
icademies of Jewish studh ed tothe
There is no
hough scholars
ir (an almost unintelli
ion of fragments that nonetheless did
he notion of the sephivot) as thi
listic text. However, as the acad
flourish, clement:

J Qab

of Neo-Platonism
f thought are added to th
cady shilosophi

modern C

f
lla family, fo
nada, and Hasdai ibn
Shaprat ( ~ordoban caliphsas visier
diplomat and doc
However, as various invasions surged back and
forth acrossthe peninsula, the status of Jewsbecame less
stable. In some cases, the Almoravids incited pogroms:
inothers, they turned temporary authority over to Jews
as a means of divorcing the area from the Arab rulers
who had just been displaced. While Jews were often
early settlers of areas reconquered by Christian kings
(their facility wich Arabic often serving to make thet
useful administrators), in most regions they were actu-
ally regarded as the property of the king rather than
landholders and cit
Jews frequently served as tax collectors under both
the job was a particularly undesirable one. They als:
played a major role in trade
unchanged regardless of whether Visigothic, Spanish ot
‘Muslim rule was entrenched, and they served as bankers
toboth sides. Mos ibly, El Cid himself did business
with the Jews of Cérdoba, though as early as 1081, the
Pope had been pressured to warn Alfonso VI of Castile
about his tendency to put Jews in positions of authority
over Christians.
The c

nquests of the twelfth century finally de

stabilized the position of the Jews in Iberia, They
produce more anti-S

although the progression to the ultimare expulsion of
the Jews in 1492 remains uneven.

emitic legislation and pogroms

GEOGRAPHY

‘While they are found across the length and breadth of
Jews tend to concentrate in cities such as Granada
and Cérdoba, and in the ports along the southern and

SHADOWED HISTORY


eastern coasts of Spain. However, the growing oppression
ofthe Almoravid and Almohad regimes has caused waves
‘of mass nigration to various Christian citics, most notably
Toledo. There isalso. reasonably solid population of Jews
in the Christian north, with a strong agricultural history
dating back toat least the fifth century. Jewish merchants
also do a great deal of traveling, both along the coasts and
through the interior of the peninsula. Most large popula-
tion centers across Iberia boasted at least a small Jewish
population, and certain cities (especially Cérdoba,
Granada, Zaragoza, Sevilla and Toledo) are vibrant cen
tere of Jowish culture.

CHRISTIAN IBERIA

Soon after the Muslim invasion, fleeing Visigothic
nobles and the mountain-dwellers of Asturias united in
‘opposition to the invaders under the leadership of the
Gothic lord Don Pelayo. Later generations would regard
Pelayo's victory over the Muslims at Covadonga as the
Jeginning of the Reconquista. King Alfonso I expanded
the Asturian kinglom by occupying Galicia after the

al of the rebellious Berbers stationed there. He

stated the Duero River valley to the south,

thereby creatingan extensive buffer between the domains
of Muslims and Christians. Many battles took place
within this no-man's land over the following centuries.

Meanwhile, the Basques regained their indepen-
dence in the western Pyrenees, while the Franks drove
the Muslims from Septimania in southwestern France

nd occupied northeastern_S; Although
Charlemagne failed to capture Zaragoza in 778, the
Franks captured Barcelona in 801 and occupied most of
Caralonia. Later known as the "Spanish March," this
occupied region consisted of several counties under
Frankish rule. Consequently, Catalonia maintained
strong ties with both the Frankish empire and, later,
France, both in terms of culture and polities. This long
association eventually brought the region to the atten-
tion of French Toreador, some of whom ventured from
the north to this area.

THE BEGINNING OF
THE RECONQUISTA

While the Catalans looked northward, the Asturians
were firmly fixedon thesouth. Alfonso placed hiscapital
at Oviedo and attempted to restore the Visigothic king-
dom that had existed before the Muslim invasion. In the
Tate ninth century hisdescendant Alfonso took advan
tuage of dissension within the Muslim ranks to attack and
plunder their domains. He even succeeded in seizing the
powerful stronghold of Porto. Alfonso Ill also initiated the
repopulation of southern lands that had been deserted
since the time of the invasion. Alfonso constructed nu-
merous forts and castles throughout the region as adefense
against further Muslim incursions. So great were the

IBERIA BY NIGHT

‘numbers of these fortifications thatthe region was eventu-
ally called Castile. During this time, the first chronicles of
Iberian history were written, most of which empha

the historical connection between the Asturian monarchy
sand the Visigothic kingdoms that had come before them
Thus was bom the myth of the Reconguista asa "recon:
quest" of what had been unlawfully taken by the Moors.

Naturally, this myth suited the purposes of Clan
Ventrue, whose own authority had been usurped in the
aftermath of the invasions. The Ventrue kept close
watch over the Asturian dynasty, hoping to use them as
mortal erdelance to restore their domain to tsRoman,
heights. However, such a plan proved shortsighted, As
the Lasombra and even Brujah realized, the Reconquista
was likely to take centuries and would he filled with
many reversals and changes of fortune. The prudent
course would therefore be to spread one's influence as
widely as possible.

Yet, the Ventrue continued in their belief that
Islam was weak and required only a strong push to
topple it. They may well have taken this belie from the
mortals they moved among, seeingas the Asturian king
Goreia I transferred his capital southward from Oviedo
toLeén—a sign of his confiden
His confidence was altogether premature,
liphs of Cérdoba proved far more vigorous than anyone
had anticipated. They restored Muslim power in Iberia
and renewed their raids against Christian lands. Thus,
the tenth century was not the dawn of a new era for
Christianity, but one of both victory and defeat, Even
the triumph of Ramiro Il over ‘Abd at-Rahman IIL at
‘Simancas in 939 was a hollow one. Ramiro found his
Castilian subjects chafed under Leonese rule. The
Castilians were a hard and independent people and
bore the brunt of the wars between the Asturians and
the Muslims. Consequently, they resented having
Leonese lawsand traditions imposed upon them.Feman
Gonzilez, the count of Castile, led the resistance against
Ramiro Ii and laid the foundations for Castile's even-
tual independence.

The late centh century proved even more problem-
atic for the Christian states, as the power of the Muslims
increased tremendously. Ambassadors from Ledn,
Navarre, Barcelona and Castile all eventually jour
eyed to Cérdoba in order to do homage to the caliph.
Nevertheless, the Christians did not abandon their
dreams of an Iberian empire that would one day govern
the entire peninsula. The Asturians in particular con-
tinued to dream of a Christian state centered on Leén.
This idea proved especially comforti
of al-Mansur, when the Muslim gene
conquering numerous Christian strongholds, He de-
feated Count Ramén Borrell in 985 and burned
Barcelona. Three years later, he plundered Ledn, the
center of Asturian power. Finally, in 997 he sacked the
great Christian shrine of Santiago de Compostela


blow from which it took the Christians many decades
to recover, Fortunately for them, al-Mansur's death

marked the effective end of the Caliphate of Cérdoba,
allowing them the time to rethink their strategies and
marshal their forcesfor thenextstage of the Reconquista,

SANCHO THE GREAT AND
THE NAVARESE HEYDEY

Little is known of the earliest history of Navarre,
but it is certain that neither the Romans nor the
Visigoths nor the Muslims ever succeeded in perma-
nently subjugating the inhabitants of the western
Pyrenees, the Basques. These Basques thus retained
their own unique language and culture well into the
Middle Ages. The capture of Pamplonaby Charlemagne
in 778 was not a lasting victory. In the same year, the
Basques defeated him at the Pass of Roncesvalles, a
‘commemorated in the epic poem La Chanson de
Roland. In 806 and 812, the Franks again took Pamplona
When, however, the Frankish emperors were no longer
able to give theit attention to the outlying borderlands
re began its development as an

independent kingdom,

Panplona was Inigo Arista. His
elder brother, GarcfaSemen, had been duke of Vasconia,
Alter the death of Inigo Arista in 852, the two territo-
ries were united although the long eaptivity of one of
the succeeding kings (in Muslim hands for 22 years)
complicated matters. In 905, however, the Navarrese

arcés (who was married with a
whter of Fortin, the previous king) to be mon:
arch. Sancho had fought against the Muslims with
repeated success and had joined large portions of the
peninsula to his personal dominions. Before his death,
hecompleted the Reconquistain Navarre, having driven
all the Muslims from the region. One of his successors,
Garcia Sinchez, surnamed the Trembler, likewise en:
gaged in a number of conflicts with the Muslims
During the rule of his grandson, Sancho III, called the
Great, Navarre attained its greatest prosperity. He
seized Pisuerga and Cea, which belonged to the King-
dom of Ledn. He also conquered Castile and ruled from
the bound to those of Barcelona. How
‘ever, as the time, at the time of his
death, hisholdings were divided among his sons, othat
Navarre,Castileand Aragon became independent
doms, The country was never again united — and
neither was it ever as influential.

Cainrres or NAVARRE

Navarre did not attract substantial attention from
éitherthe Ventrue orthe Lasombra, both of whom were
more concerned with affairs elsewhere, until well into,
the Christian-Muslim conflict across' the peninsula,
Consequently, Navarre became home to some other
clans without a significant presence elsewhere in the

peninsula. Chief among these were the Malkavians,
thanks to the Madman Roque, who became Prince of
Pamplona shortly after the Frankish conquest of 812,
Hequickly established asizable domain within Navarre,
‘one that hasattracted others of his clan in the centuries
since. The rugged terrain of the region also attracted the
tention of the Nosferatu. By the year 1000 or so, these
Cainites were particularly numerous, thanks to the
leadership of Ezkerra, a Basque patriot who claimed the
countryside as his personal demesne.

Sometime around the year 1000, Navarre became the
haven fora breakaway group of Cainite Heretics. Known
asthe Apostlesof he Third Caine, these truebelieversfelt
Nanses, then Archbishop of Nod, wasaprofligate hedonist
without any concem for the well being of the Heresy.
Underthe leadershipof Benézet, the Apostlesused Navarre
as the base from which to expand deeper into the [ber
Peninsula. Even in the thirteenth century, they
sizable presence in Navarre.

Tre RECONQUISTA
CONTINUES

The first battles of the next stage of reconquest

luded (hose Launched by Ramon Borrell, who sacked
Cérdoba in 1010 in for past incursions into his
own realm. Alfo ‘Ledn likewise took advantage
of the situation and restored his kingdom to promi-
nence. In 1017, he held a general council in which he
‘enacted the first set of laws for his realm. Unfortunately,
the Christians squandered the time of Muslim weakness
by resuming their old squabbles — just as the Lasombra
had feared. A Ventrue leader named Gutierre attempted
todisplace the Malkavian Roque as Prince of Pamplona
during this time. Although he failed (and met Final
Death), it marked a time of Ventrue resurgence in many.
Christian realms.

‘Navarre'shegemony under Sancho the at brought
‘greater ties to northem Europe, especially France. French
pilgrims became more and more common, as the route to
Compostela became an important religious site for the
whole of Europe. Monastic reformaccordingtothe French
Cluniac model was introduced, as were ‘French feudal
‘customs previously unknown in Iberia. This contact with
the rest of Europe brought Cainites of other clans to Iberia
for the first time, as well as strengthening the Toreador in
the region. Iberia was no longer an isolated backwater, but
was slowly entering the mainstream of European society

which proved both a boon and a bane to the v
‘who haul called the peninsula home for s long.

THE GROWTH OF
CuristTIAN Power

By extending his rule over all the Christian states
except Catalonia, Sancho the Great made the first steps
toward the u ion of Christian Iberia, but they

SHADOWED HISTORY


would prove fleeting ones. Sancho treated his e
his private property and ordered that, upon his death,
it be divided among his four sons as the

Doing so set back the cause of Iberian
further instability on the penis

inheritance
ityand created
sons bore the royal title, and Castile and Aragon were
thereafter regarded as kingdoms. Vermundo III recov-
ered LeGn after Sancho's death, but Fernando I defeated
and killed him in 1037. Taking possession of Leén, he

bold move that
implied a greater degree of control than he possessed.
During the next thirty years, Fernando artempted to
gain control of the entite peninsula by defeating hi
brothers and reducing the nearby Muslim states to
vassal status

Meanwhile, Count Ramén Be

was actively fostering Catalan int
shipsam

also assumed the title of "emperor,"

er lof Barcelona
sts and relation-
the lords of Languedoc in southern France.
Healso published the earliest legal texts included in the
compilation of Catalan law later known as the Usatges
de Barcelona ("Usages of Barcelona"). This relationship
between Cataloniaand southern France continues well
into the thi nth century, leadit the involve-
ment of Catalonia in the conflict with the Cathars and

IBERIA, BY_NIGHT

other heretics. Likewise, it guaranteed the continual
presence of the Toreador, whose interest in cross-
| exchanges has always been strong.

Following in the footsteps of his father, Femando |
divided Isis realms between his sons, Sancho TI, who
received Castile, and Alfonso VI, who received Leén.
The two brothers quarreled often and, after Sancho's

1072, Alfonso VI gained the crowns of
Castile and Leén. Before recognizing him as their new
king, the Castilian nobility demanded that Alfonso
swear that he had not brought about the murder of his
brother, which he readily did. Astothe truth of his vow
none can say, although there iscircumstantial evidence
linkinghimtothedeed. Among Alfonso'snew Castilian
vassals was Rodrigo Diaz de Vivar, better known as El
Cid. Rodrigo suffered because of jealousies atthe court

of thenew king and was driven into exile. He then used
his considerable skills as a mercenary, first for the
Muslim king of Zaragoza and then for the king of
Valencia, both of whom he served admirably. His
exploits inspired both mortals and Cainites — as they
do even after his death.

Initially, Alfonso VI-made the Muslim states his
vassals, demanding rich tributes from them. However, his

murder


desire for self-aggrandizement was so great that he even:

tually set out to conquer them all and achieve Iberian
unity. The surrender of Toledo in 1085 not only extended
his frontiers to the Tajo River but also had great symbolic
value, Possession of Toledo, the ancient scat of the
Visigothic monarchy, enhanced Alfonso's claims to pen

insular supremacy. He then proclaimed his power by
taking the title "Emperor of Toledo" as well as "Emperor
of Spain." His might was so great that thousands of
Muslimsand Jews decided to remain under his protection
rather than flee. Among the many Lasombra who flocked
to Toledo was Elieser de Polanco, who has remained a
dominant power in the city ever since.

The fall of Toledo frightened the Muslims of south-
em Iberia. They appealed to an ascetic sect of Berber
zealots known as the Almoravids for assistance. The
Almoravids entered the peninsulaand defeated Alfonso
at Zalaca in 1086. They likewise conquered the inde-
pendent Muslim kingdoms in an attempt to restore
unity to Muslim Iberia. In this they were only partially
successful. Their military might was such that they kept
Alfonso on the defensive for the remainder of his reign,
thereby halting the advance of the Reconquista for a
time. It was during this time that El Cid successfully
repulted the Almoravid attack on Valencia, securing
the city for himself and his followers. Nevertheless, his
Untimely death in 1099 eventually led to the fall of the
city to the Almoravids

Almoravid successes widened the Reconquista,

bringing assistance to Iberia from many northern Euro:

pean countries, especially France. French knights
crusaders took up arms and stood beside their [be
counterparts to fight against the Muslims. In doing so,
they brought Iberia into even greater contact with the
wider world around it. For example, the reforming Pope
Gregory VII demanded liturgical uniformity by requie:
ing the acceptance of the Roman liturgy in place of the
Mozarabic one that had been used for many centuries.
Some Lasombra, such asSilvester de Ruz, believed thi
uniformity would serve Iberia well as it continued t
press the Reconquista. Others feared it might create a
backlash against the Church that would ultimately
undermine its authority. Gregory also attempred to
exert papal sovereignty over Iberia, but few of the
countries there were willing co capitulate; Gregory did
not press the issue. Nevertheless, the Church became
increasingly important in Iberia, a fact Cainites did not
fail to notice. In the following decades, most clans
Embraced a larger number of priests and clerics in. an
attempt to ensure they had a voice in the future. It was

duringthistime thar the infamous Archbishop Ambrosio
Lis Mongada first came under the Curse of Caine.
Alfonso VII became king of Leén in 1126 and
testored the prestige of his realm. His coronation as
‘emperor in the cathedral of Lesn in 1135 was intended
to assert Leonese claims to ascendancy throughout

Spain. However, thenewly formed federation of Aragon
and Catalonia as well as the newly independent king.
dom of Portugal soon offered a daunting challenge to
these claims. Once again, the few Venteue still playing
their imperial hopes in Iberia found their attempts to
arrange a single Iberian kingdom thwarted by the very

they hoped to manipulate. This served the
interests of the Lasombra, who had no desire to see a
Ventrue-dominated state gain power in the peninsula,
Thus, the first half of the wwelfth century saw yet more
infighting among the Christian kingdoms rather than
the success of the Reconquista.

Meanwhile, Alfonso I of Aragon extended his
frontiers to the Ebro River by capturing Z: ain
1118. He then proceeded to march deep into the heart
of Muslim territory, where he liberated the Mozarabs of
Granada and resettled them in Aragon. From that
point on, few Mozarabs remained in Muslim territory
Consequently, the Toreador took an increased interest
in Aragonese affairs, Embracing several Mo Ibs asa
means of preserving their ways in the face of Aragonese

ition. These Mazarabic Cainites thus served
nories of a lost culture
omguista

Before he died, Alfonso willed his realms to the
military orders of the Hospitalers and the Templars as
well as to the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusa-
lem. However, his people rejected this arrangement,
fearing that these French-dominated orders would ex-
erteven more control overtheir country. The Navarrese,
who had been ruled by the kings of Aragon since 1076,
chose their own monarch, Garefa [V Ramirez in 1134,
while the Aragonese asked the deceased king's brother,
Ramiro Il, to leave the monastic life and accept the
crown, Ramiro was reluctant to do this but felt some
obligation to his native land. Therefore, he left the
monastery long enough to marry and father a daughter,
Petronila, who could then inherit the kingdom after
him. Shortly thereafter, he returned to the monastery

wgain took up the life he had abandoned.

In 1137, Petronila was betrothed to Count Ramén
Berenguer IV of Barcelona, who took up the ad
tration of Aragon. Their child, Alfonso II, united the
kingdom of Aragon and the county of Barcelona, ereat
ing yet another united crown. There were numerous
obstacles to this union, chief among them being the
linguistic and cultural distinctiveness of each realm.
Among the vampiric courts, rivalriesbetween Lasombr
and Toreador also worked to undermine unification
Neveitheles, the union has endured and given Aragon
access to the sea, making it a maritime power whose
reach extended far beyond the confines of the I
Peninsula. Nevertheless, the "Crown of Aragon," as it
became known, did not become a unified state. Instead,
it consisted of two distinct regions, each with its own
laws and traditions.

SHADOWED HISTORY


As the Almoravid empire collapsed, the Christian
esattempted to take advantage ofthe situation. They
increased their raids against the Moors and played one
faction against the other. The peninsular kingdoms also
e« ed aid from other European states. It was this more
nythingthat characterized the middleofthe twelfth
rury: cooperation on the part of Christian «tates.
Whereas the Muslims warred among themselves and
seemed more interested in settling intemal scores, the
ns regularly appealed to solidarity in the

we of the Muslim threat. Under the leadership of
namic leaders like de Ruiz and his chikle Mongada,

‘Christian Cainites followed suit.

Tue Risk OF CASTILE
AND ARAGON

‘The appearance of the Almohads initially put many
Iberian Christians on the defensive, bu they were not
willing to give up their dreams of the Reconquista. Thus,
King Alfonso Vil of Castile and King Alfonso Il of
Aragon signed. treaty in 1179 that indicated which parts
‘of Muslim territory they would have jurisdiction over as
the Reconquista expanded. Castile gained sights
Andalusia and Murcia, while Aragon gained Valencia,
Unfortunately, Alfonso VIII of Castile was unsatisfied
with limitinghisconquestsin such afashion. He therefore
tured his attentions to his Cristian neighbors, who
resisted him, but not without weakening the coalition
that had been so united for decades. Thus, in 1195 Castile
suffered a disastrous defeat by the Almohads at Alarcos,
just south of Toledo.

Despite the Castilian king's ambitions, the strength
of the Almohads forced the other Christian stares to seck
accommodation with him, and with renewed cooperation
came renewed success. Sancho Vil of Navarre and Pedro
Il of Aragon joined Alfonso VIII and Portuguese and
Leonese troops in 1212, when they triumphed over the
‘Almohads at the epic Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa (see
p. 27). This remarkable victory marked the beginning of
the end of the Almohad empire in Iberia, as it opened the
territories of Andalusia to the Christian armies for the first
time in centuries. It was only a matter of time before they
would overwhelm their Muslim enemies and usher in the
endgame of the Reconquista.

Tue Rise or CATALONIA
The Crown of Aragon is a double kingdom, con-
sisting of two united but ceparate realms. As King of
ruler takesa leading role in the Reconquista.
of Barcelona, however, he maintains strong
southem France, where several French lords
were their vassals. Thus, when Pope Innocent III pro-
claimed a crusade against the Albigensians in 1209,
Pedro Il became embroiled in the conflict. He had no
love for the dualist heretics, but he rightly worried that

IBERIA BY NIGHT

the presence of so many French crusaders in the ar
would eventually undermine his own feudal pow
"Thus, he acted on behalf of his French vassals, some of
whom were sympatheric to the Albigensians. This
contributed 10 Catalonia's importance to both the
we Heresy and the Apostles of the Third C:
ich of which maintains havens in the country

Te DowNFALL OF NAVARRE

After the murder of Sancho LV in 1076, Alfonso VI
of Castile and Sancho Ramirez of Aragon ruled jointly
in Navarre. The townssouth of the Ebro and the Basaue
provinces went to Castile, while the remainder went to
Aragon, which retained them until 1134. Alfonso the
Fighter, brother of Pedro Sanchez, secured for the
country its greatest territorial expansion. He wrested
Tusela from the Moorsin 1114, reconquered the entire
country of Bureba and advanced into Burgos. In addi
tion, Alfonso added numerous other possessions to his
realm, once again enlarging Navarte's border — though
never to its former extent.

When Alfonso died in 1134 with issue, Navarre and
Aragon once again separated. In Aragon, Alfonso'sbrother

e king. In Navarre, Garcia Ramitez, a

grambon of Sancho the Great, wok the throne, Garcta
was a weak king who was obliged to surrender Ric
Castile in 1136 and Tarragona to Aragon in. 1157. Eur.
thermore, he was compelled to declare himself a vassal of
King Alfonso VII of Castile. Garcia was utterly incompe
tentandatvarioustimeswasdependent upon the revenues
of churches and convents. During Garcfa's unfortunate
reign, the power of both the Malkavians and Nosferatu
grew, and significant numbers af Ventrue and Lasombra
left the country

His son, Sancho Garcfa the Wise, a patron of
earning and the arts, as well as an accomplished states-
man. fortified Navarre within and withont. He aleogave
charters toa number of towns and was never defeated in
battle. The reign of his successor, Sancho the Strong,
was more troubled. He appropriated the revenues of
churches and convents, granting them important privi-
leges instead. In 1198,he presented the See of Pamplona
with his palaces and possessions in th has gift
being confirmed by Pope Innocent Ill in 1199. While he
was in Africa on an expedition against the Almohads,
the Kings of Castile and Aragon invaded Navarre.
Consequently, the kingdom suffered further degrada-
tion, losing territories to both of its Christian neighbors.
The greatest glory of Sancho the Strong was the part he
took in the battle of Las Navas de Tolosa in 1212.

Through his valor, the victory of the Christians over the
Caliph Muhammad al-Nasir was assured — although
Navarre's own future is less than bright

PorTUGAL

Alfonso Henriques, frst Kingof Portu
through equal parts warfare and diplomacy the poli


independence of the country, as well as the enlarge
mentof its boundariesby conquests of Muslim territories,
When A\lfonso assumed the throne, the Muslims occu:
pied more than half the kingdom he would one day rule.
Although he declared himself king in 1139, it was only
years later that he was able to obtain recognition of his
kingship from Alfonso VII of Leén, to whom the
territory of Portugal had formerly belonged.

Early in his reign, Alfonso Henriques resolved to
protect himself against the claims of Leén upon his
realms. Thus, in 1143 he offered his kingdom to the
Church, declaring himself the pope's vassal. In addi-
tion, he promised, for himself and his successors, to pay
an annual feudal tribute of four ounces of gold to the
Holy See. Pope Lucius IL ratified this agreement, taking
Portugal under his protection and recognizing its inde-
pendence. In 1179, another pope, Alexander Ill,
confirmed Alfonso HenriquesasKing of Portugal, mark
ing the true beginning of this new nation upon the
Iberian Peninsula

Having won this confirmation from the Pope
Alfonso Henriques gave up the idea of extending
dominions beyond the Minho and the Douro Rivers,
which formed its boundaries to the north and the east
Afier all, doi erlord,
the king of Lec rtionhe worked hard toavoid.
Instead, he focused his attention on the southern lands
held by the Muslims. He launched regular attacks and
used a wide variety of strategies to catch his enemies
unawares, including late-night assaults on their settle
ments. In 1147, he took the almost impregnable city of
Santarém. Later the same year, after afour-month siege,
the great city of Lisbon fell to his arms. In this great
victory, Alfonso Henriques was assisted by afleet of 164
ships on their way to the Second Crusade. Once Lisbon
was safely in Portuguese hands, he declared that city his,
new capital. Alfonso then appointed an Englishman
named Gilbert its bishop and transported the body of
St. Vincent to the cathedral

The capture of Lisbon marked the beginning of a
longand successful partnership between the Portuguese
and the crusaders, many of whom stayed in the region
toassist with the Reconguista. Indeed, Alfonso Henriques
didnot even attemptto take the Muslim city of Alcacer
do Sal until another group of crusaders arrived in 1158.
With their help, the cities of Evora and Beja fell under
his control. Unfortunately, Alfonso's skill ut arms ex.
ceeded his abil overn his conquests. Therefore,

the Muslims soon recaptured all the lands south of the
TejoRiver (the Tajo, nS Allfonso's last days ot
life were spent sdom together
often without success. Nevertheless, Alfonso's reign
can hardly be called unsuccessful. When he died in
1185, the independence of Por al had been secured,
its area doubled and the name of his kingdom w
famous throughout Europe for its persistent struggle

SHADOWED HISTORY


against the Muslims. Alfonso had thus achieved far
more than many of his contemporaries

From the Cainite perspective, Alfonso Henriques
had freed the westernmost portion of Iberia from the
domination of the Ashirra. This served Brujah elders
quite well, as its elders on the peninsula had been
seeking their utopia since before the coming of the
Muslims. However, Alfonso's alliance with the Church.
drew the attention of the Christian Lasombra, who
hhegan to infilerate Portugal in small numbers. This led
to squabbles between the Magisters and the Zealots,
which in turn gave an opening ta the Cainite Heresy

Alfonso Henriques's successor, Sancho I contin-
ued the work of Reconquista and a large part of the
Algarbe region fell into his hands. Sadly for Sancho,
the successes of the Almohads again pushed back
Portuguese borders, this time to the Tejo River. Nev-
ertheless, Sancho was a hard man not given to defeat
He resolutely resisted the Almohads and, as a show of
his contempt, he was active in building towns and
settling his hard-won territories, thereby earning him-
self the nickname the Populator. Sancho was also
renowned as an avaricious man. During his reign, he
amassed great wealth from his frequent forays into the
rich territories of the Muslims

Upon his accession to the throne, Sancho asked for
and obtained papal confirmation of his royal title,
which protecte gainst his Christian neighbors,
many of whom eyed Portugal as covetously as they did

the lands of the Moors. Sancho himself was slow to pay

the Holy See the tribute promised by his father, and the
practice ended altogether after his death —a sign that
Portugal's position was no k
make

wget SO precarious as to
spal protection crucial. Portuguese Cainites put
up additional obstacles against clerical influence to
prevent further spread of the Cainite Heresy or the
influence of Lazombra with their claws in the church,
Portugal became a land in which vampires gained
influence through soldiers and warriors rather than
churchmen,

Sancho continued to rely heavily on crusaders in
his wars against the Muslims. In addition, he also relied
upon military orders such as the Templars and
Hospitalers, to which he gave great wealth and influ-
ence in return for their protection of border castles and
settlements in his domain. Sancho was also a supersti-
tious man given to consulting with astrologersandseers
for advice on many matters of state. In fact, a wise
‘woman regularly traveled in his company, much to the
consternation of theclergy, who worried thathis Chtis-
tian faith might suffer because of her presence.

Such worries were well founded — but not for the
reasons the clergy suspected. Sancho's chancellor Julian
had studied Roman law at the University of Bologna and
aimed to increase royal authority at the expense of the
Church. For example, Sancho intervened in a dispute

IBERIA BY NIGHT

between the Bishop of Oporto and that city's inhabitants,
ruling against the bishop. Pope Innocent III reversed the
decision and punished Sancho by placing Portugal uncer
an interdict —a punishment the king promptly ignored.
Helikewise came intoconflictwith the Bishop of Coimbra,
whom he imprisoned and treated with great cruclty.Inthis
way, Sancho proved to be the most venal of the Iberian
rulers, pursuing the Reconquista for purely personal rather
than religious reasons.

Throughout the rest of his reign, Sancho attacked
therightsand privileges of the Church. In particular, he
refused to recognize the jurisdiction of ecclesiastical
courts. He also did not accept the immunity of clerics
from military service, a situation that led to many
conflicts with ecclesiastical authorities. Though he
made some concessions before hisdeath, the disputes he
began lasted through the reigns of two subsequent
kings. For nearly a century, the clergy and the crown
were involved in a struggle over the limits of theit
respective powers. These disputes ultimately weakened
Portugal's vibrancy and made it easy prey for the grow-
ing power of its Therian neighbors, some of whomn still
eyed its lands and riches.

Portugal's early kings rewarded honorable service
byextensive grantsof lands. In these lands, they gave up
royal jurisdiction. When their holders died without
heirs, they often passed into the hands of the Church
Intime, somuch of the country washeld by monasteries
or had passed into the hands of nobles that the rest did
not produce enough revenue to meet the increasing
expenses of government. The Portuguese monarchs
tried to overcome the difficulty by a revocation of
grants, which naturally met further resistance from
both the nobility and clergy. Despite his father's quar:
rels with the Church, Sancho'sson Alfonso ll rook care
toobtain the confirmation of histitle from the Holy See
in 1211. Though Alfonso Il remains a yencially peace:
ful king, hisfollowersfought beside the Castiliansat the
great Christian victory of Las Navas de Tolosa in 1212

THE IMMEDIATE
Future

The years after Las Navas de Ti
tian frontier move south at a rapid pace, but they are
hardly years of simple surrender. In Muslim lands, the
battle creates a power vacuum into which step some of
the remaining taifas, the most significant being Murcia
and Arjona. Murcia becomes a center of resistance
against the Christian states — and thus a haven for
Ashirra bands hoping to strike a blow against the
enemies of their faith. Arjona, on the other hand,
becomes a vassal of Castile, even going so far as to aid
the Castilians against other Muslim states. This practi-
cal approach enables Arjona to expand its borders to

‘olosa see the Chris


include other surrounding domains, most especially
Granada. By the end of the thirteenth century, it is the
only remaining taifa on the peninsula — and a buffer
state between the rising Christian powers and the
Almohad Empire in North Africa.

Inthenorth, 1213 seesthedeath of Pedroll of Aragon.
atthe hands ofa crusading army at Muret after he goes to
the aid of his brother-in- the Count of Toulouse.
Pedro's death is a blow from which Catalonian power in
southem France never recovers, much to the chagrin of
the Toreador. As the Almohad empire slowly collapses,
the Reconasta nears completion. Jaime | of Aragon uses
Catalan naval power to conquer the corsair kingdom of
Mallorca in 1229, which marks the first time the Crown,
of Aragon takesadvantage of ts newfound naval powerto
expand its influence into the Mediterranean. The con:
quest of the kingdom of Valencia proves more diffi
‘specially asJaime becomesdlistracted byevents in Navarre
Its king, Sancho VII, has no heits, and the growing
presence of French pretenders to his throne becomes a
growing subject of concer.

, Alfonso IX of Leén expands southward
toward the Guadiana River. He captures Mérida and
Badajoz in 1230, preparing the way of his eventual
conquest of Sevilla later that same year. With the help
of crusaders, Alfonso II of Portugal recovers Alcacet do
Sal in 1217, but by 1221, the old disputes reappear.
Alfonso seizes church property and compels ecclesia
tics to plead before secular justices and serve in the wars
of the Reconquista. The Archbishop of Braga thus con.
vokes bly of prelates in which he accuses the
‘numerous crimes, including the renunciation of
his Christian faith. The king tepliechy confiscating t
goods of the archbishop, who flees to Rome. Pope
Honorius III dispatches three Spanish bishops to speak
with Alfonso and resolve the situation, Unfortunately,
this meeting achieves little, leading to Alfonso's ex
communication a year later. The Pope then threatens.
toabsolve the king's subjects from their allegiance and.
hand over the realm to any prince who cares to take it

Threatened with the loss of the kingdom for which his
grandfather had fought so hard, Sancho eventually
to the Church shortly

relents, making concessi
before his death in 1223.

SHADOWED HISTORY.



Socth from Castile the noble
unto this place we spe —__

3f with the Wlooes we fight
not, ther voill not give us bread

- The Song of the Cid


The Christian kingdoms of Iberiaare the productof
ies of invasions and conquests. This fact has
colored these lands in profound and lasting ways, mak
Iberian Christians a militaristic people, oftentimes
given to resolving disputes through force of arms rather
than diplomacy. They can also be dark and brooding,
those who know all too well that progress comes at a
cost, often paid in suffering.

The dawn of the thirteenth century sees this region's
people band together and chart their own course for the
first time since men fist inhabited this unforgiving land.
Alter centuries under the rule of outsiders — whether
they were Carthaginians, Romans, Visigoths or Muslims

Iberians have seized control of their own destinies and
forged new civilization here, one that isthe inheritor of
all these cultures while at the same time transcending
them. The kingsloms are a unique fusion of cultures that
is simultaneously wonderful and terrifying. Such contra-
dictions are the purview of young and vibrant kingdoms,
of course. Even the oldest among them is scarcely 500

‘old. Many —such.as Portugal —haveexisted farless

n that. Consequently, these realms possess a dyna-
mis lacking in their contemporaries elsewhere on the
continent. But they also have a legacy of bloodshed, civil
wars, invasions, betrayals and conflict.

Christian Iberia draws mortal men and women for
many reasons. They have come to experience the birth
of anew age and a new civilization, to witness the great
victories of the Reconquista—and toenrich themselves
in the process. With each year, the Christians push
back the Muslim threat and absorb new territory and
learning. These gains draw scholars, soldiers, mer-
chants and priests to Iberia. In addition, the wealth of
the Moorish kingdoms is only exceeded by the avarice
of those who would seize it. Cloaked in the veil of faith,
adventurers and opportunists flock to Iberia, seeking
their fortunes beneath the banner of a holy crusade.

Wherever mortals go, Cainites follow. Like aflame
attracting moths, the Christian kingdoms of Ibe

their share of unliving visitors as well. Many,

arly neonates, come to the peninsula for the

reasons as their mortal counterparts: to witness
God's plan unfold before their eyes and claim recon-
quered territory for themselves. Adventure beckons
aactoss the arid plains and craggy terrain, making it an
ever more popular destination.
rngth of faith in these realms is
contagious. Cainites ofa spiritual bent cannot help but
feel that the hand of God is at work in this place
offering the promise of redemption to all who seek it
eamestiy. Yet faith is a powerful tool for manipulation
aswell; notall who toil beneath the shadow of the cross
do so for the love of Christ. Many mortals and Cainites
have less than pious goals, and the chaos of Iberia offers
them the chance to achieve them.

Likewise, the st

IBERIA BY 1

Behind the scenes, vampiric factions clash, each
attempting to use the vibrancy of these kingdoms for
their own purposes. A loose alliance of Christian
Lasombra clearly has the upper hand. Over the cent

ries, the Magisters' willingness to bide their time and
seck out the proper moment to strike have helped them
to displace powerful Ventrue lords. Some Brujah also
command respect, especially in areas like Portug:

where new thinking has firmly taken hold. The Tore

dor are likewise intrigued by the new ideas bubbling
from beneath these blood-soaked lands. Meanwhile

other Cainite clans and groups struggle to find a place
for themselves, mirroring the efforts of mortal. groups
crushed beneath the armored foot of the Reconuista

Yer, forall their dynamism and vibrancy, the Chris:
tian kingdomsalso evoke apalpable sadness, realization
that their bright fucure has been purchased in blood and
tears. Unlike Cainites, mortals exist only for a brief
while. Although they are quite willing to sacrifice
themselves for the good of future generations, they do
notdoso without che regretthatthey shall neversee the
fruits of their labors. Thus, while the Lasombra scheme
and the Brujah plan their utopia, the mortals of these
Kingdoms struggle to make a better present for them-
selves and a better future for their children.

ARAGON

Aragon derives ts name froma tributary of the Ebro:
near Alfaro. The riverformsan irregularellipse, bounded
on the north by the central Pyrenees, on the east by
Catalonia and Valencia, on the south by Valencia and
‘Castile and on the west by Navarre and Castile. The
country possesses some of the most mountainous terrai
in the Iberian Peninsula — perhaps in all of Europe
Aragon is surrounded on the north by the Pyrenees, on
by the Montes Universales and the Sierra de Gadar

The Ebro crosses the country from northwest to

ly all of the other rivers in this country

-al conditions have

e the soil of Aragon very fertile. In addition, the

at forestsand fruits grow

abundantly. Contrasting this are the many parts of the

country that are extremely arid and lacking in water,

which has led to a relatively low population density in
some areas

LERIDA

The city of Lérida goes back to Roman times, but
the exact date of its founding is in question. A pre-
Roman city called llerda existed in the general vicinity
‘of modem Lérida. During the Punic Wars, it sided with
the Carthaginians. Ar the time, the city posessed a
small population of Brujah with strong tiesto Carthage,
but thar all changed with the Roman general Scipio's


defeat of Hanno in 216 BC. After that, Roman Ventruc
moved into the city, either driving out or destroying
their Brujab rivals. For centuries after that, the Brujah
wageda lo

this battle ceased when the Moors captured the city in
the early eighth century. Muslim Lasombra took ad-
‘vantage of the conquest to displace both the Ventrue
and Brujah elders.

They retained uncontested control of the city until
1149, when Ramén Berenguer IV took the city for the
Crown of Aragon. When the city became the residence
of the Aragonese king. ambit and imcampromising
Christian Lasombra entered the city and decided to
clean house. Under the leadership of Anchel de
Melgarejo, these Cainites systematically destroyed their
Muslim brethren, despite appeals to the Amici Noctis for
intervention. Since then, Prince Anchel has exerted

smplete dominion over the vampires of the city.

‘ors abound of Ashirra who survived the purge,
which drives the prince to distraction. He has thus set
up an inquisition to find these Muslim Cainites — if
they exist at all —and eliminate them once and forall

DESCRIPTION

Because ofits atetegic position, Lérida has always
been an important (and heavily fortified) holding first
to the Moors and then to the Christians. Its primary
forcressis La Aleazaba, built in 1149, which dominates
the portion of the city built on the right bank of the

Scyre River. The current structure isa development of

an earlier Muslim citadel. Indeed, alea
word meaning roughly "fortress." During Moorish rul
the Cainite sultan of the city used La Alcazaba as his
haven, a practice the Christian prince has not contin-
ued. Instead, Anchel and his court occupy a series of
buildings near the city's new cathedr
The cathedral shows both Byzantine and Gothic
influences (as opposed to the Arabic influence of most
érida's other public architecture) and is under a
constant state of construction. The foundation was laid
only in 1203 andicis unlikely iewill see completion any
time soon. This monumental undertaking has brought
artisans, masons and engineers from across Europe to
participate. Among them have come Cainites as well,
including displaced Ventrue seeking to regain their
former stacus within the city. This has only added to
Anchel de Melgarejo's concerns about the stability of
‘concer shared by elders of Clan Lasombra,

PouTics AND RELIGION

Lérida's importance derives from the presence of
the court of King Pedo II. Pedro's goals are to extend
‘Aragonese influence beyond the confines of Iberia and
into the wider world of Europe. [n this, he is strongly
supported by his advisors, many of them manipulated
by the Lasombra, For his part, Pedro has been secking,
alliances with southern French lords. Indeed, the king

hopes to secure himselfa French wife as
cementing his presence north of the Pyrenees. Some
churchmen question their king's interest in southem,
France, worrying that his advisors may include hidden
supporters of the Cathars.

Caintre AFFAIRS

Many members of the Cainite Heresy wish the
Church's concems about King Pedro were warranted,
‘Thus far, the Heresy and its allies have been thwarted
in their efforts at gaining influence over the Aragonese
court. To some extent, this is a testament to the power
of the Lasombra in Aragon. The elders of the clan seek
to prevent anyone — even Heretical members of their
own clan — from upsetting their plans for Aragonese
growth and expansion. The Embrace of Pedro's half-
sister Lucirain 1 190isonly partofthisagenda. Although
Lucita has traveled across Europe as part of her service
toher site Ambrosio Luis Mongada and ot
of the Amici Noctis, she keeps.
royal court. Anchel, the local prince, hi
herally, buthe fears thar the neonate has the
a dangerous rival.

Even more infuriating to the Heresy is that one of its
offchoot, the Apostles of the Thisd C
<ceeded in placing one of their own within Pedro's cour
This member, Guillem Savall, acts neither directly nor
through mortal agents. Instead, he observes events within
the king's palace, looking for evidence that the mortal
ruler might be the Apostles' long awaited messiah. The
Heretics would dearly love to have the access to the king
that Guillem possesses, but the Apostles have rebuffed
every effort to co-opt them. In this, Lasombra like Lucita
seemingly aid them —although her motivationsfordoing
so remain mysterious.

King Pedro himself is uninterested in ecclesiastical
matters. His fascination with southern France is driven
more by politics than theology. Nevertheless, this has,
neither soothed the concerns of mortal clerics nor kept
agents of the Cainite Heresy from attempting to gain a
foothold here. Consequently, the Apostles of the Thitd
Caine currently hold the balance of power. Both the
traditional Lasombra and the Cainite Heresy are at-
tempting to influence this small group to support their
own cause asa defense against their opponent's gaining
too much power. Yet both factions are hampered by
inflexible hard-liners. Lucita cannot deal too closely
with the Apostles, asher sire Archbishop Mongada has
nothing but contempt for the Cainite Heresy — what
ever its form. Likewise, Nikita of Siedet, the new
Archbishop of Nod, ishard-pressed to make accommo
dations with the Apostles, for fear of seeming. 100
conciliatory toward the schismatics. Thus, Guillem
Savall finds himself in the enviable position of being
courted by two inimical factions — and having little
interest in supporting either.

yy of further

laandat the
far been
aking of

THE CHRISTIAN KINGDOMS.


long with hisdeacon St. Vincent. The Ventrue prince
CRG otis . the city, Flavius Sidonis, encouraged this persecu:
pie the Redan Flavius was a devotee of Neoplatonic pl
satohavehecnocepkd Lyfakitceton more than happy tosee Dacian and St. Vincent
Celuiberian village of lirele consequence. In the fi at Roman hands; Local legend has it that Dacian
Ages Raced thee ne captured many early Christians by means of a ruse. Th
ie dic capital of frac emp ould give freedom of religion
mportant military outpost. Pomponius Melacalled — &@ any C a at a certain fixed
(the most llustriousofthe inlandeitiesof Hispania me througk ated When the C ns
Tarraeonensis"T lony attracted Cainites ns : nediately to the sword and
Zaragoza's ecclesiastica : ° that no veneration might be
clare paid them, as Dacian was well aware full
of the legendary mission of St. James
which there had never been any d
Christian population of the city. Closely related to
ie triton of St, James founding the church 4 sti reareyree Thess
of Zaragoza are those of Our Lady of the Pillar and phere irae pe Pat clr the ene
Une Athuticsis Gad Theatre ee the church dedicated to St. Engratia, where they ar
ere oe ee still preserved. St. Vincent was taken to Valencia,
five been the Ras tatonetir oe fered a long and painful martyrdom at
wanes place call near Barbsto, where he died Al
hishead and


arm were brought back to Zaragoza when Christian
forces had reeonquered the city.

In the fifth century, Zaragoza fell first co the Suevi
and then to the Visigoths. Nevertheless, St. Isidore of

ies of Iberia

"the most ancient and
region. The Gothic inv:

city of the
ion did little to harm the
fortunes of the Ventrue. Nevertheless, Flavius was
appalled by the rough nature of the barbarian invaders,
who cared little for Roman sophistication. Conse
quently, the prince swallowed his pride and quietly
‘supported the Church asa means to preservesomething
of Roman ways in Zaragoza. His gambit paid off, as the
laudatory passages quoted test. However,
Flavius's move alsogave the Church untold power —at
the expense of his own.

While under Mustim occupation, Flavius and his
brood attempted to court their opposite number among.
Moorish Cainites. The prince saw these Ashirra as
cultured people with whom he could come to an agree-
ment. He hoped that he could use them as a means of
weakening the strength of the Church in Zaragoza
all the while rebuilding his own shattered authority

Initially, uhis rapprochement worked to the
Ventrue'sadvantage. Athissuggestion, several churches
were converted for use as mosques, However, the will of
the Christian population only grew stronger. The
Ashirra eventually concluded that Flavius' advice had
only invigorated the cause of Christianity in Zaragoza.
Flavius soon found himself ignored by his Muslim
brethren, who established a separate Cainite sultanate
in 912, flouting his claim of domain, For the next wo
hundred years, Flavius Sidonis was princein name only

Alfonso | of Aragon defeated the Moors and took
the city on December 18, 1118. The newly appointed
Archbishop of Zaragoza first resided ar the Church of
the Pillar, but on January 6, 1119, he consecrated a
mosque, rededicated it to the Savior and moved the
episcopal throne there. This Cathedral of St. Savior
holds a great deal of symbolism for the people of
Zaragoza because it was built on the site of an older
church, whic!
the first mosques erected in the Ibe insula. In
local eyes, it represents not only the liberation of their
city from the Moors, but also the progress of the
Reconquista. Even some of the city's Cainites hold the
cathedral in similarawe — though few dare toapproach
it too closely.

The decision to move the episcopal throne to St.
Savior was unpopular with the canons of the Church of
the Virgin of the Pillar, who since 1135 have reclaimed
thetitle of cathedral as well. Zaragoza is thus unique in
having two such churches. The second cathedral is
dedicated to the Virgin of the Pillar. The church
commemorates the ce of the Blessed Virgin

Mary on a pillar erected in honor of Saint J
Greater. Since the establishment ofthe episcop
in St. Savior, thischurch hasseen:

congregation. Except on feast da
memoration of the Virgin's apparition in Jan
cathedral is often devoid of many mortals,
quently, neonates and Caitiff

cathedral a convenient meeting place.

s find the

Pourics AND REUGION

Zaragoza is a strongly Christian city. Its former
Muslim inhabitants have largely been driven out or
have converted (typically under coercion). The city's
sinall number of Jews suffer under numerous laws that
restrict their movements and occupations. The people
of Zaragoza have thus adopted a triumphalist attitude
toward the Reconquista. They are certain not only of its
ultimate victory against the Saracens but also that God
is clearly on their side. This attitude makes it almost
impossible toconvince them of the danger still posed by
the Almohads — which frustrates their fellow Iberians
tono end. Indeed, they show no greater inclination to
actually taking up arms against the Saracens than any
other on the peninsula, and they are even somewhat
lackluster in their support when it camos ta doing more
than simply praying and speaking about the wars.

Instead, the inhabitants prefer to engage in schol
arship and study. Ironically, this is a tradition begun
under the hated Muslims, who made Zaragoza a city of
learning. That reputation continues even today,
though the Aragonese have as yet made little effore to
improve the city's college near the Plaza de Maria
Magdalena — a fact that rankles its inhabitants. The
school attracts visitors, both living and unliving,and its
grounds hide the haven of Alfonso Palacios, a Cainite
physician fascinated by Arabic medical texts

Caunrre Arrairs

Since the expulsion of the Muslims, Flavius Sidonis
hhas regained his domain, The subsequent flight of the
Ashirrallefthim the most powerful Cai wor,
as well as the most experienced. His ability to survive
during the Muslim occupation has earned him the
grudging respect of the younger Lasombra who now
flock to the city. However, Flavius' disdain for Chris.
tianity has not been softened over the centuries. If
anything, he is even more fervent in his hatred, but he
eps his opinions to himself for fear of giving the
Lasombra an excuse to depose him. He has suffered the
Toss of is position ance: he has no desite to do s0 a
second time

CATALONIA

Cataloniais the other major principality within the
‘Crown of Aragon, located in the northeast comer of the
Iberian Peninsula. The name derives either from the

THE CHRISTIAN KINGDOMS


compound "Goth-Alani: referring to its historical
occupation by the Goths and Alans, or from
*Gothalandia," supposedly the name of an early people
indigenous to the surrounding area. Other legends
suggest the name stems from that of Orger Catalo, a
hero of the eastern Pyrenees who defeated the Muslims
in battle in 756, This last legend is especially popular
among the locals. who see it as evidence of their
willingness to fight against the Moorish invaders.
"utalonia forms a right triangle, of
which the smallest side lies along the eastem Pyrences,
her side forms the boundary of Aragon and the final
side is the Mediterranean coastline. Its terrain. slopes
ly from the Pyrenees down to the seacoast on the one
side and to the basin of the Mediterranean Sea on the

Mediterranean through several rivers, most notably the
Ebro, The Ebroisthe primary riverin Catalonia, although
the S erway t0 transport timber and
produce from the upper portions of the country:

BARCELONA

Barcelonaisone of the most ancient citiesofberia

and one of the most important. Founded by the Hamilcar,
it was in the possession of the Carthaginians until the
Romans drove them out. Despite the connection to
Carthage, the Brujah never had a strong presence in
Barcelona, ly preferring other locales on the
peninsula, Even after it passed into Roman hands,

Barcelona continued to enjoy position of prominence in

Iberia, Julius Caesar bestowed on it the name of Julia
‘Augusta Faventia Pia in recognition of the support the
city had given him in his struggle against Pompey. Later,

sar made ita Roman colony, an act that bestowed on
its inhabitants the full privileges of Rom

As it has elsewhere in the peninsula, this honor
increased thecity'spupulation — Lex sorta and Caine
In the early days, the bulk of the vampiric inhabit
were Lasombra and Ventrue, with a small number of
Malkavians. The position of prince was hotly contested
for decades but ultimately fell to the Lasombra, who have
retained it eversince. The current prince is Mireia Subira,
the childe of the original ruler of the city, Rimon Vera.
She has initiated a policy of tolerance within her domain,
a move that has won her the respect of neonates at the
expense of elders, who would prefer she assume a less
flexible approach.

Barcelona went into a decline after the fall of Rome
until Ataulf, King of the Visigoths. chese ir for his
residence in the fifth century AD. Later, Barcelona passed
successively into the hands of the Arabs and the Franks.
Finally, Wilfrid the Hairy declared independence for the

alling it the "County of

J under an independent govern-

ment with its own counts until the marriage of Petronila,
daughter of King Ramiro the Monk of Aragon, to the
‘Countof Barcelona in 1137. The marriage united the two
IBERIA BY NIGHT

realms under the Crown of Aragon, a situation that has
prevailed ever since.

Barcelona, being situated on the shores of the Medi-
terrancan and on a Roman military road between Iberia
and Gaul, was always in contact with the rest of the
empire. The city received Christianity early, having been
evangelized by disciples of the Apostles themselves, and
the See of Barcelona thus became an important bishopric
within Christendom. Indeed, numerous councils have
been held within its confines, most recently in 1125, and
there's every reason to believe more will follow. The
thirteenth century ica time of great mimulrin the Chuteh
and as Iberia comes into closer contact with the rest of
‘Western Europe, it can hardly expect to be spared

DESCRIPTION

‘Among the many monuments that distinguish the

city, the most important is the cathedral, built in the

rly days of the Church and dedicated to the Holy
Cross. Damaged during the Muslim occupation, the
cathedral was rebuilt by order of Count Berenguer | and
reconsecrated in 1058, Barcelona is committed to a
program of impressive expansions and improvements
for the cathedral that are likely to continue throughout
the thirtcenth century and beyond. Elsewhere, the
ancient church of Santa Maria del Mar is a beautiful
specimen of Gothic architecture, while Santa Maria del
Pino has the most spacious and lofty nave of all the
Gothic churches in Barcelona. The church of Saints
Justo and Pastor was the first dedicated to Christian
worshipin Barcelona giving cachet with pilgrims and
churchmen alike.

Barcelona also possesses archives of great value in
which many preciousdocuments, saved from the A lmohad
conquest under al-Mansur, are preserved. Among the
archives are priceless books called Exemplavia that relate
important ecclesiastical events and include records of
royal oaths and the like. Consequently, they are some of
thebestarchivesin Iberia and scholars from across Eutope
consult them. Because these archivesare rumored tohold
hitherto unknown works relating to The Book of Nad and
other dark tomes, they have attracted the interest of
Cainites as well as mortals. Mireia herself hi

erest in these rumors. She employs several Ca
mortal pawns in her efforts to discover these supposed
‘tomes. Given the size and disarray of the archives, this may
be a long undertaking indeed.

Poumics AND RELIGION

Barcelona is a city at odd: with iteelf. On the one
hand, it represents the success of the union known as
the Crown of Aragon. On another, it seethes with
resentment at the absorption of Catalonia within a
"foreign' state. Neither attitude is strong enough to tip
the balance, so Barcelona exists in a twilight realm
between open-minded acceptance of its place and out-

right rebellion,

=a


‘This attitude is reflected in its Cainite population
as well. The prince is a Lasombra, but she grants no
special privileges to her clanmates. Indeed, she regu-
Jarly consults with Ventrue and Malkavian advisors —
much tothe chagrinofsomeLasombraelders, They fear
something else is at work other than simple
broadmindedness. The most regularly voiced concern
is that she has been co-opted by a group such as the
Cainite Heresy. The problem with such theories is that
they provide no insight into why Mireia acts as she
does, let alone what a group like the Heresy would have
to gain by her actions. For now, the elders merely
grumble and allow her to rule as she has since the
destruction of her sire in 1164

Inasimilar vein, Barcelona's relationship with the
Church isunusual as well. For centuries, Barcelona has
been an important Christian center, notable both for
its churches and for its strength of belief. However,
Catalonia has always been a fertile breeding ground for
dissent against Rome. The fact that the Church has a
history of supporting efforts by foreign powers w con-
quer Catalonia has certainly not helped its cause
Likewise, the Aragonese have installed several of their
‘own clerics into positions of power in Barcelona, add-

ing to the consternation within the city.
Lyre IN THE Crry

Barcelona isthe key to Catalonia's—and therefore
‘Aragon's — plans to expand beyond the confines of the

Iberian Peninsula. The city is a major seaport, offering

ready access to the Mediterranean and the maritime
cities of Europe, the Middle East and North Africa.
Consequently, life in Barcelona revolves more and
more around trade. Merchants from France, Italy and as
fara Outremer make regular visits, exchanging
their wares for the best that Catalonia has rooffer. The
city is often the first port of entry for outsiders seeking
w joainey on. the interior of the peninsula.

Barcelona's seaport gives the city a cosmopolitan
flavor that is unmatched in Christian Iberia. Naturally,
this makes the city a popular destination for foreign
Gainites. Among them are refugees from the Byzantine
npire, recently divided upduring the FourthCrssde. In
the aftermath of the eruside, Byzantine Cainite society
has been rocked by turmoil and dissension, as various
factions vie with one another for the favors of the new
Latinoverlords Therefugeeshave chosen toflee Byzantium,
rather than bow before the invading westerners. Among
their number is a Brujah named Netea, who fled a blood
hunt in Barcelona some 40 years ago after she destroyed
bar sire Guzman Bravo in a jealous rage. Nerea now goes
by the name Andrea since Bravo still has friends in the
tity. (For more on Nerea, sce Constantinople by Night
tnd Bitter Crusade.)

As noted above, Barcelona is well known for its
‘many finearchivesand ollectionsofbooks, andasmall
fottion of the local industry revolves around these

pursuits. Copyists and scribes can be employed for
reasonable fees in order to locate and transcribe t
ofancient knowledge. Representativesof Europe's gre
universities, like those in Paris and Padua, visit the city
in order to purchase books for their own collections.
Likewise, seekersafter esoteric —even arcane — knowl
edge sometimes venture into the city on their own
quests for wisdom. Among these visitors ate Cainites,
including a handful of Tremere, These young vampires,
are certain that the archives hold untold knowledge of
value to both their clan and their mortal allies. Mireia's

policy of tolerance does not extend to the Usurpers
however, and she has forbidden them to consult the
archives. The prince's reasons for this action are un-
known, but they seem to revolve around her own quest
for forbidden lore. Consequently, the Tremere act
through surrogates to obtain the knowledge they seck.

CaINITE AFFAIRS

The city's proximity to southern France has also
brought it into contact with various Gnostic heretical
groups like the Cathars. Under vampiric influence,
agents of the Cainite Heresy have infiltrated Barcelona.
However, the Heresy has thus far met with little success
among either morrale or Cainites Only a few minor
Church officials have joined the secretive cult — a
great disappointment. This failure is partially due to the
presence of the Apostles of the Third Caine, who

se the mainstream Heresy. Even more significant
in checking the Heresy is the vigilance of Barcelona's
mortals, including members of the Sword of St. James,
‘One important member of this 1
Agusti, has his primary residence in Barcelona. Conse-
‘quently, the Heresy acts cautiously here; itdoesn't wish
to risk exposure either to other Cainites or to mortals.

GiRONA

Girona is bounded on the north by the Py
and on the south and east by the Mediterranean Se
The surrounding region is mountainous, with forests of
pine, oak and chestnut, as well as many mineral sp
‘The mountains are the site of many mines, particul
‘of coal — an important part of the city's economy.
Agriculture exists but is of limited value. Thus, Girona
relies heavily on imported foodstuffs to feed its popula-
ti In times of war, this reliance is a significant
weakness, which is why soldiers regularly patrol on foot
and on horseback the roads leading to the city.

The city is sit ed at the confluence of the Ter and
ona steep es the dilapidated remains of
once formidable battlements. [n ancient times, Girona
was known as Gerundia, a city of the Ausetani tribe.
Local legend has it that Saints Paul and James first
preached Christianity here when they arrived in Iberia
after the death of Christ. Legend also holds that the
city's first bishop was St. Maximus, a disciple of St

THE CHRISTIAN KINGDOMS


ies. The «

selves on their

y's inhabitants therefore pride them.

DESCRIPTION
Girona isa city of walls; its impressive battlements
have withstood numerousattacks over the centuries. In
fact, the city has survived twenty-five separate si
and has been captured seven times, making it one
most fought-over cities in the peninsula. In the time
, it was wrested temporarily from the
isively driven from the city
hen, Girona has remained firmly in

who were

mosque. Once the Moors were expelled for g

cathedral was rebuilt on the site of the old one. The
contemporary church although still under construc-
tion, is quite beautiful, showing influences both from
the surrounding area and from the Muslims who once
held sway here. The cathedral can be reached by
ascending eighty-six steps. Its 73-foot stone arch opens
into the boxly of the church and is one of the lar;

all of Christendom. Among its many beautify
decorations isa retable that is the work of a Val
statuettes and reliefs, each framed in canopied niches of
cast and hammered silver. The high

duce

silver froncal that is equally impressive. The
cathedral contains the combs of Ramon Berengu

his wife, making it an important pilgrit

those who revere their memory.

Poutrics AND RELIGION

Girona is one of m
trol that ret

ny cities under Christian

ble Jewish popular

settled in Girona well before the Muslim inv

making themselves an important part of

culture. As they became more succe

small settlement sp ‘omp

and shops alo: 1st,

that runs th

became known as the Call and included 300 Jews

Under both Muslim and early Christian tule, the Call

functioned like an independent goverment is

itants recognized the ruler of Girona as theie lie

paid taxes to him in return for the right to retain theie
Beginning in the eleventh century, though, that

situation changed for the worse. Since that time, the

city's inhabitants have persecuted the Jews, seeing

them as a threat to the stability of the new Christian

seeking out safer havens elsewhere, No faction within

Dover ON,


Girona officially sponsors the persecution, but it does
receive the tacit support of both Church and state.

Camntre ArFairs

Hatpalion, Girona's Cappadocian prince, isadevout
Christian and claims tohave converted tothe faith during
the mission of St. James himself. Few of his fellows take
this boast seriously, but there is no question the prince
fervently believes the Gospel, looking wo Christ as the
only source of eternal life. Yet, he also believes that his
vampiric existence is a divine gift, one that allows him to
plumb the depths of both life and death. Despite these
idioeynemsies, Harpalion is a just prince who rules his
domain fairly and with good judgment.

Meanwhile, a Lasombra named Melquiado
Casamayor has used incidents of anti-Semitic out-
breaks to target assets of his old rival, Menahem de
Samaynigo. He believes that Menahem, a Brujah of
Jewish stock, has several agents among sJewish
merchants. Thus far Melquiado has been unable to
identify more than a few likely catspaws, but he is
growing increasingly frustrated and is willing to try
inything to strike back at his enemy. Moreover, these
attacks provide an excellent cover for his feedings, an
added provocation he hopes might draw Menahem out
—and into his crap.

CASTILE

Castile (or "Castilla" in Spanish) derives its name
from the vast numbers of castles and fortifications that
dot its landscape. It is a kingdom in flux, constantly
merging with and separating from Ledin. The kingdom
stands in the forefiont of che Reconquista and was
recently the site of the decisive battle of Las Navas de
Tolosa, at which the might of the Almohad regime was
finally broken. Prior to that, it was invaded by its
eretwhile allies in Navarre and Lem, but rebuffed them
decisively under the leadership of Alfonso VIII, annex-
ing Alava and Guiptizcoa from Navarre in the process.

Unofficially, Castile is divided into Old Castile,
formerly known as Vellagiaor Vetula,and New Castile,
territory that has been taken from the Moors since the
beginning of the eleventh century. The dividing line is
the Carpetano-Vetdnica mountain range, and above it
Old Castile forms a rough triangle. Its boundaries are
Leén to the west, the Sierra de Gredos to the southeast,
and in the northeast, the river Ebro. The Ducro and
Pisuerga Rivers also flow actoss the plateau. The cli-
imate variesextensively, but the varied weather produces
‘excellent crops of wheat and other grains. Notable
points within Old Castile include Burgos, Valladolid,
Segovia and Avila

"Castilla Nueva" isa different matter. Resting ona
slightly lower plateau, it is warmer and drier than Old
Castle and is correspondingly less fertile. Its bound-
ariesare the mountain chain of the Carpetano-Vet6nica

to the north, the Sierra Morena to the south and the
ins of Cuenca to the east. New Castile is divided
intotwomassive river valleys, the Tajoin the north and
the Guadianato the south. The twoare separated by the
‘mountainsof Toledo, which join the Sierra de Gack
Extremadura. The third major river of New C:

Jécar, which flows through the southeast from its
origins in the Cuenca.

In the wake of Las Navas de Tolosa, Castle's
boundaries have been extended southward:
Baeza and Ubeda. The terrain consists pri
farmland dotted with intermittent fortifications. Until
the Keconguista this land was used for grazing, but with
the land grants given out by the conquering Christians
to their faithful vassals, agriculture has overwhelmed
the region. Castile also stretches out to encompass the
cities of Toledo and Madrid. Its kings have been relent-
lessly expansionist, and as such have absorbed a great
deal of land relatively rapidly.

Maprip

The sometime residence of the King of Castile,
Madrid isa city of miracles. Located on the Manzanares

River, the city was originally constructed as a simple
fore during the Cordoban emurate. Its purpose was to
serve as the midpoint in a defensive line that ran from
the Guadarrama to Toledo, and to watch the north
south traffic on the road from Gredos. It initially
comprised nine hectares of land within a walled bound-
ary,a fortress of the almudena style that was guarded on
the north and west by rocky crags. However, its central
location, rich neighboring territory and eminently de-
fensible position quickly encouraged the city to grow.
Because of Madrid's strength as a fortress, Alfonso VI
and the Cid bypassed it in their wars of conquest,

nstead choosing to capture Toledo andallowing Madrid
towither on the vine. Ie finally fell in 1083, after Ramin
of Leén destroyed the city's original walls a century
and a half earlier.

The city's name means "rich in waters," primarily
because of the lushness of the river valley. It first
entered history as "Majerit" in 932, during the accounts
of R c y transformed to the mod-

ttlements on the site were
along the river'sbanks, which featured abundant game
Waters have always been tied intimately to the city's
history, especially when a miraculous source of fresh
water allowed the Christianized city to withstand an
Almohad siege.

The city itself is located on a promontory overlook
ingthe river, in the middle of the vast plateau called the
Meseta. Resting over 2,100 feet above sea level, Madrid
is often buffeted by high winds, especially in the tradi
tionally cold, sharp winters. Summers, on the other
hand, are frequently extremely hot. The nearby
Carpetovetonica Range of mountains also plays hob

ily of

THE CHRISTIAN KINGDOMS


ALronso VII or Ca:
w King of Castile 1
the Noble has been astrong hand steering the
ing setback at Alarcos seer
relentless scourge of
who forged the coalition of his forn
enemies chat took the field atLas Navasde T
Near the end of his life, Alfonsc
he future of Castile and expel
Almohads from Iberia, not necessarily in tha
Married w Eleanor, daughter of Henty II
Alfonso has fathered severil children, including
Enrique (who will succeed him in, 1214), the ne
poctess Blanche, and Berenguela, who h
Alfonso IX of Lednvand whose son Fernan

Il will

and the
the late fall months.

with the city's weathe
cause heavy rains duri

Inhabitants of th.
are proud of theirci
ing stature, Madrid is
and a Mach

to his city's reputation.

DESCRIPTION

As is appropriate for a city in the
Madrid was built around a fortress, and all of its subse
quent expansion has been done with an eye toward the
needs of defense. It idence thar the centra
construction of the eit ally bore the name the
Almudena — "The Citadel." Itrested within the origi
nual walls, along with the traning field now called the
King's Camp (or Prado del Rey

which served as a residential

irgeoning growth and
ne boastful youth of the
vio has no shame about liv

and of castles,

and the small citade
‘ction, The small citadel

h primarily because

The city walls date to the ni

tury and are
Hill, where one of the city's five gates opens, To the
southeast is the Almudena Gate, known as St. Mary's
Gate to Christians, and these two entrances see most of
the city's rraffi

To the north of Vega Hill, an arm of the city wall
extends outward to the Narigues Tower, an important
sentry point. The wall itself making a sharp
turn north past St. Mary's Gate to rejoin the citadel by
the Orient Square, Near here lies the Sagra Gate

mntinue

hhe southwest comer of the city is known as the

reria, and predictably, serves as the Moorish quar

IBERIA. BY NIGHT

Me

ter. Thisarea is particularly cramped, even for claustro
phobic Madrid. Residents, wary
prefer to build up rather than out

domiciles safely within the city walls,

Pourtics AND REUGION

Madrid was first a Muslim town, and a Moorish
influence still hangs over the city. Place names, lan:
Fs architectural style — all hearken back to the
Islamic origins of the city. In the century or so since the
city was taken, a concerted effort has been made to

stamp out this influence. Thus far it has not succeeded,
but the program of reconsecrating mosques as churches
is progressing steadily
The Jewish community of Madrid is small and
fearful, though ithas begun to expand. The city's juderia
the Puertade Vallmandu and iscentered
on a single syna The community's influence is
very small, and its presence is essentially ignored by
The political scene in Madrid can best be described as
ambitious." While Toledo remains the capital, Madridis
rapidly increasing in size and population, and there ate
rumblingsamongthe populace that itshould be the center

r
+ of Castile and the mother of (and
is IX of France, Blanche (or Blanca)
ny talents. Northe least of them
er remarkable compositional ability, which
able songs in th

ion, whiel
widely
king royal favor.

are such that
are slowly

Blanche's popularity and tak
acl Castile in h covering more prod

he notion of ajouneleress of such skill

fthe morecanservative

sshockingenough to som:
members of the clan; the fact that she is of royal
blood iseven more remarkable. As:aresult, Toreador
are now circling very carefully around "anywhere
psee if perhuaps a hidder
# the'clan is Standing in the shadows,
pulling Blanch iding her son

While hersong h that noone cares

lovely er

the notion of ar


of Castile, Within the city, politics is a game for the
Christian wealthy, as there is no room at the top for the

CaAINITE AFFAIRS

Mad Cain are also very heavil tian.
Power in the city is increasingly centered around ¢
church where Archbishop Mongada makes his ha'
The Lasombra dominate the city, and every night
Mongada dominates the Lasombra more and more.
While he has not established himself a

is well be, and he

despite his relative youth.
potent Cainites in the city, includin,
Silvester de Ruiz (the asombra
affairsacross Christian Iberia) and the VentrueN:
whoserve afield general of the Shadow R

Oddly enough, the Cainites of Madrid are pethap
more tolerant than their human neighbors. While the
ruling Christian Cainites are under Mongads's thumb,
hieallows the city's emaining A shirra most fled or were
destroyed when the city was taken 1083) t
8 ly on their co
Jews. Christ
Cainites. S shirra are thankful
conflict, while most resent the polic

TOLEDO

Originally deseribed by the Rom:
Titus Livius as "a small fortified town," T
has grown over the centuries to magnificent
stature. Builton hi unded by the Tayo
River, the city is dotted with
oledo is almost impregnable aga
lt, hough it issomewhat more vulner
The city is the capital of Castile and
remains the kingdom's most worldly
and cosmopolitan city. Its gates are
all lands, and the satellite town of
Talavera has a thriving pottery in
dustry. The area around the city is
its reputation as ¢
the finest of everythi

DESCRIPTION

The main entry co the city is the
north gate, alternately knowns the Pu
de Ia Bisagra or the Puerta de Alf
The latter name derives from the fact that
this is the gate through which Alfonso and


ELCid

tered when they conquered the city in 1083.
ket square, the Plaza de Zocodover, sits

above the gate and sees much traffic. It is the main

marketplace for Toledo, where goods as mund

meats and fruits and as exotic as azafrdn (saffron) and

Damascene steel change hands. Merchants from

three faiths congre > farmers, fishermen

who work the Tajo, puppetcers, the travel

cémicos de lal nd more. Even o

is no market, there is often excitement as men p

The Zocodover is

though at night it is almost

gos de caflas (javelin cont
truly the heart of the c
deserted by

THe Miricie of WarTers
bn. Yusuf laid siege to the
Camp its name). The siege was
in large part to the defenders
lous ability to come up with endless
and the Christian world ascribed the res
the cit of the Vir

drid w,
ommand of Ali
ibn Yusuf y
called Moorish

uppli
1

an elahorate network of aqueducts

ath the city to prov
Madr was originally ¢
eructed asa military installation, afte

uuch was prepared for the ality
The aqueducts ben
which provides

side bene
entrances and exits is system make a
hich Cainites can ent

guarded and hard to find, guides ean be
for a price. Those seeking to force their w
through the tunnels, however, are in for a rudk
surprise. The original traps laid by the archite
the system are still in place. Furthermore, they
have been improved by vampiric tenants —
trio of Nosferatu driven west from Constantin
ppredations of the Fourth Crusade. Thi
three previously fled Outremer, and have deter
mined that they will do no further running. The
eneath Madrid is where they will mak
help anyone who thinks

their haven, and (
otherwise about
whom they lonot
hesitate

Inthe centerofthe city isthe Alcézar,asquare fortres
with four towers. Originally built
the Muslim forces intent on securins
pies the highest point in Toledo

ble, with overlapping fields of fire, and it serves as

ity's last bastion of defense. After taking the city,

nso V1 restored and expanded the original Muslim

d granted it to the Cid. Fl Cid was also granted

the San Servando castle, which stands on the shore of the
Tajo opposite the city.

Toledo is also a city of churches, including the
Church of Santi
muezzin's perch. There are also churches that survived
the Muslim occupation intact, inclu the churches

f San Sehastian, Santa Eulalia, Cristo de la Vega, San
Vicente, San Miguel and Santo Tomé. These churches
are decorated in a constantly evolving hodgepodge of
Muslim geometric and botanical styles and more tradi
tional Christian ar a church being
constructed somewhere in the city. Also worth noting
are the Iglesia de Santo Cristo de la Luz, and the massive
cathedral project planed for the ruins of the main
sque of Toledo. The mosque itself had been built on

nd it is over thi

so VII's queen and Alfagut Abu

famous quarrel (see sidebar).

the ninth century by
tis also extremely

go del Arrabal, which still sports irs

and there is alw

Tothe southwest of the city stretches the Puente de
Alcantara ("the arch bridge") that leads to the roads
south. The western bridge, the Puente de San Martin,
collapsed during flooding in the twelfth century, and its
one surviving tower has become an object of local
folklore. Young girls have taken to calling it "el batio de
ke wa," tying it to the legend of Florinda La Cava, with
whom the Visigoth king Rodrigo fell in love. In actual-
ity the site is also a favorite Cainite haunt, which
all tales.
lecio, are the gardens and palace of the Muslim governc
Galafre. Of no strategic ot military importance, they are
still quite beautiful and a favorite place for local Cainites
to take honored — or feared — visitors.

Poutrics AND REUGION

Toledo is a cosmopol

explains many of the

here as well as churches. While the population is
growing ever more Christian, there are still sizeable
minority populations, and the city is open to merchants
of all faiths. Both Jews and Muslims regard the Chris-
custom of dum to the city streets
with an accompanying cry of "Agua wal" Suill, Muslim,
Jewish and Christian scholars and men of power stil
confer and socialize, and the city is open to all
As in most of Iberia, the Jews live in their own
al, which is walled off from the rest of the
erpiece of the jude

ing chamber pots


goaue, which has 32 pillars, 29 arches and a ceiling of
larch wood. The kahal, like other Jewish quarters
throughout the region, has its own set of takkanot, of
neighborhood laws. These are as binding as the king's
own laws within the quarter, and the punishments for
transgressions against the community can range all the
way up to Herem — permanent excommunication.
This, however, is generally reserved for informers.

Muslims are scattered throughout the city, though
‘great many mosques have been turned into churches.
The Grand Mosque has been torn down, ancl a church
rises in its place. There are several mosques still intact
and open for prayer, however, including the Mezquita

‘which has nine cupolas over four Gothic columns
and another mosque next to the Puerta del Sol.

The Muslim presence in Toledo is almost bitter-
sweet. While the city still welcomes Muslim trade,
Toledo isbecoming inexorably Christian. In the mean-
time, however, the city remains open, and the pace of
trade grows ever more feverish as fanaticism and war
limit the number of markets that might otherwise be
available. Sooner or later, itis said, everyone inte
ing in Iberia comes through Toledo. After all, it's the

place where all of the other interesting people are most
likely co be.

Caunrre AFFAIRS

‘Toledo's Cainites, like their mortal counterparts, are
cosmopolitancreatures. The ity sloosely under Lasombra
authority, bur only loosely — there are simply too many
Cainitesofallstripesmovinginandoutforanyonetokeep
a thumb on the whole city. As a result, Toledo is the
closest thing to a free city on the entire peninsula, with
favors, allegiances and occasionally lives bought and sold
atthe Plaza de Zocodover's night marker. Jorge Crespo,
the ancient Nosferatu who oversees the market and
indeed, much of Cainite business in Toledo, takesitashis
uty to wrap the night's affutrs n'a cloak of tnvisibility, ro
hide them from prying mortal eyes. Crespo also maintains

cer of the Puente de San Martin as a site for

sensitive transactions, and is doing his best to

the legend of the place, so as to keep humans
respectful distance away.

While the princedom of Toledo is something of a
political football, Elieser de Polanco isthe closest thing
toareal power the city holds. It was he who engineered
Tercio Bravo's removal from the princedom. While his
supporters are the majoriry in the city, Bravo still has a
few friends who are waiting for their moment. During
de Palanca's increasingly frequent aheences, they da.
their best to foment discontent and lobby for Bravo's
return. But Toledo's Cainite population isso transient
—many more passthrough than actually dwell there
that no one cares enough about the princedom to start
afight, so long as trade remains open.

Janaary 24

The 24th of January is celebrated in Toledo asa day
of unity. It was on this day that Alfonso VI ended the

sor, Archbishop Bernardo of Sahagun) and the he:

the city's Muslim community, Alfaqui Abu-Walid. The
queen had, against the king's dictates, expelled the
city's Muslims from a mosque built on the site of an
earlier church. Abu- Walid met the king outside the city
toappeal foranendto the feud. Eversince, January 24th
has been a holiday of peace.

Ie is also a night of safe passage for any Cainites
moving through thi the one night of the year
when they are safe regardless of clan or affiliation
However, the courtesy does not extend to the night of
January 25th, so those fugitives and outcasts who take
advantage of the day of peace must be gone before dawn
or face dire consequences.

LEON

Le6n is situated in what was the southem part of
the ancient kingdom of Asturias. Its primary natural

boundaries are the Cantabrian Mountains. The range
of the Pena Negra forms moet of ite couthern border.
Much of the kingdom is within the great Castilian
plateau, at an elevation of more than 1,600 feet above
sea level, rising toward the Cantabrian Mountains on
the north. From north to west, itis drained by the river
and its tributaries. The Sil receive its waters from the
southern slope of the Cantabrian Mountains, known as,
the Pefia Rubia. Very mountainous in the north and
northwest, Leén becomes more level towards thesouth
cast, especially in the so-called Gothic Plains. From.
north co southwest itis traversed by the Mountains of
Len, which join the Cantabrian chain. The country:
side is thus a mixture of the rough and the smooth —
much like the Leonese people themselves.
Thekingdom of Lesn aboundsin mineral resources.
The hollows on both banks of the Bernesga Riv
contain deposits of coal as well as great quantities of
limestone. There are also iron and copper mines as well
asmineral waters, some of which are renowned through
out the peninsula for their healing properties. Indeed, a
small industry has grown up around these medicinal
waters. Cainites of several clans have taken an interest
in the waters, believing they possess qualities useful to
them in their alchemical experimentation. Others, like
Alfonso Palacios of Zaragoza, seek them out as an aid to

The climate of LeGn varies considerably from re-
gion to region. It is cold in the mountains of the north
and warm in the lowlands of the southeast. The El
Bierzo region, sheltered by the mountains from the
north winds, sone of the mildest and most humid in the
country. Init, grapes, olives and many other


grown, Inthe south, gre
cereals are cultivated
forests are rich in beech
another impor

ing mostly of can

quantities of wheatand other
ans and flax. The
2 and oak. Livestock forms
of the local e ny, Consist.
weep and pigs. The mountainous
character of the region n ications difficult
in many areas, which has helped Ledn to retain its
distinctive character, even in the face of increased
contacts with the rest of Europe. This fact has also
sheltered many Cainites, particularly the Apostles of
the Third Caine, who maintain several remote havens
throughout the country

CoMPOsTELA

Compostela és one of the most famous c
Iberia. The city issituated on ahill between the Sarand
Rivers. In very ancient times, a Celtic fortress,
known as Liberum Donum, crowned this hill
postela itself overlooks two Roman roads, both
sill in good condition and wed by treveles to the cry
The Sar, swollen by the Sarela River, flows onward
from Compostela some fifteen miles until it joins the
Ulla River and empties into the sea at Padron. Padron
is a small town that gained its fame because it is the
home of the miraculous boar that legend says bore the
body of the St. James from the Holy Land to Iberia. The
presence of the Apostle's body makes Compostela the
third greatest pilgrimage site in Dark Medieval Europe
after Jerusalem and Rome

well as b

kescon

‘Over the centuries, both mortalsand Cainites have
been drawn to Compostela, as it offers a more conve
nient form of pilgrimage than the Holy Land, whose
distance and danger makes it less attractive to Western
Christians. Moreover, the p ute is guarded
by the Order of St. J ‘ompostel:
knights from Ledn and Castile. The Order maint
castles throughout the region and receives support from
both ki ring that it has the resources nec
essary to undertake its important mission.

DESCRIPTION

To outsiders, the city of Compostela seems con:
structed solely to support the pilgrims who come there
in increasing, numbers each year. The magnificent
cathedral, for example, houses many of these pilgrims,
asdo the many differen hostels and inns that surround
it. This gives the city a crowded appearance in places,
which the presence of so many people only increases
Indeed, newcomers from other parts of Europe are both
that fill Compostela's streets during the high points of
the pilgrimage season

The cathedral itself was built in the eleventh and
twelfth centuries after the Muslim general al-Mansur
sacked the city and destroyed its original church in 997
That attack was devastating to Compostela's morale

verified at the huge thu

IBERIA BY NIGHT.

) al-Mansur was unable to find the body of St
nes as he had hoped, he did force many of its citi
tocarry the old church's main bell on theirshouldersall
the way to Cérdoba, where it was added to that city's
central mosque. The citizens of Compostela still re
member this indignity and have pressed their leaders to
reclaim the hell once the Reconquista reaches the capi
talof the Almohad Empire, In this wish, they are joined
by the city's Cainite prince, the Lasombra Reinaldo de

a former knight who would have died during al
'sattack had his sire not Embraced him

The new cathedral was completed in 1188 and

combines older styles with newer ones imported from

France. For example, the statues and images that grace

, differ-

inggreatly from the stylized forms more common in past

in_door of the cathedral shows Christ in

ded by the four Evangelists, while the sid

doors depict Purgatory and the Last judgment. An

its interior and exterior are remarkably realisti

16S Fests Upon it

Pucrim Baner
out the Middle Ages, an ext
m shrines grows

Th : one or more s
‘ ced with that locale
the thirteenth century, pewterpilgrim
‘ pole GE hl
lgrims.as souvenits of their pilgri
sale of these

Beginning i
water are sold to
age. In fact, the
awenits becomes 2 significant indus

eventually leading to
ation and regulation.

bad wat tohats or

ny varieties,

¢ pilgrims, The 60

ims keep their badg

umeys, others do not. It is a

England_ and Franc e, for

Tas a token of thanks to God for a safe return

lit ny event, pilgr
part of Ch

dered good
a friend


between mortals and t f God. The walls of the
of them entwined fa vast Jesse tree

ims frequently pray while touching these images.
Already, the constant flow of these worshipers has
begun to wear away che stone, creating small holes that

the roots

The high altar is the centerpiece of the cathedh
and the climax of any age to the city. Pilgrims
climb the steps leading ind embrace the
Most Sacred Image of Santiago, a representation of St
james. They then kiss his jeweled cape after which
churchman hands them a Latin document called a
Compostela. This document certifies that the pilgrim
has entered the cathedral and performed the proper
rites of veneration of the saint. After this, most pilgrims
seek confession and attend Mass.

Pouttics AND RELIGION
Compost
and the

a is a city devoted bot
feconquista. Th

r Rome

third holiest city in Western Christe
which the local inhabitants take great
Rome and Jerusalem, Compostela is he

had visited Jerusalem

The "Way of St. James"
has its own wi
* The Northern Way: Thisroute isthe original
means by which pilgrims traveled to the shrine of S
Northern Way was most popular it the

and twelfth centuries, before th
oted the French Way as
Compostela.In ger

there, the

tomb in Compostela.

ich Way: The F y

hern Way as ¢

fth century-Saneho Il
promoted it

Way is, in fact

preferred route

nerary of choice

ifferent routes that

1n the way to Compostela, Three of then
he Pyrenees at Roncesvalles, while the
urth does the same at Somport and continues ont
aca. Because these rout nnect

cal. The latter often c

inns, taking advantage of the m

throng the city's

July, whe
wever, St. James serves

the Matamoros among some of his

Ramiro | at the battle of Clavijo in 844, personally
S apparitions have spread throughout Iberia, espe

over their enemies

rate hostels

pilgrims thai

ts, especially during the month of
feast is celebrated

piousand the skep

itical purposes as
well. He is known

Caunrre Arras

Many Lasombra and Brujah p
St. James, though their emphasis di
Lasombra sce the cult as ifying force the
Iberians

continue their war against the M.

Js very seriously
and seek to emulate his legendary actions. Of course
action. Reinalde

it back and wait for the unity to be
Jin the fight

Compostela'sprince ishimselfam:
ot content

implores his underlings to take

Jecisive action against

SANTIAGO

nore popular.
Silver Road: This route 1 most

vund, as it passes through lands with tremendous
variety in aphy
route derives it Ri

and ecology. This

na n road k

Road, which joined the ci
traversing d

south to north and

Rivers. Thistoutewaspartly u
attacked C

ula from,
and Du
dbyal-Mansurwhen
mpostela in 997. The Silver Road i
pular for pilgrims within the peninsula
who must travel from the south to reach the saint's
* The Portuguese Way: This shortest route
traverses the distance from Tut in northem Portugal t.
Compostela, As its name suggests, it exists to accom
whom hold St
their own battle

rims, many
in high esteem as a result

dare Portuguese p

but they are generally short

There is also talk of establish
nal routes from coastal ports in
re the travels of

Engl

onder tc
Igrims from northern Eu
d. As the fame of Compostela
ty of its supplicants,

THE CHRISTIAN KINGDOMS


Muslim mortals and Ashirra — which has
‘a reputation for blooxlthirstiness ai
He hassignificant influence over cal
the Order of Santiago (Iber
so he cannot be ignored.

Likewise, a small band of Cainites, led by a Brujah
knight named Demesio, has taken to guarding the
pilgrim road from bandits and other mortal predators
Demesio has served with the Lions of Rodrigo, a blood-
thirsty band of vampiric Moor-slayers, and his zeal
often gets the better of him. In 1207, for example, he
and his followers killed several robhers who sought to
harass pilgrims heading for Compostela. The discovery
of their mangled bodies drew the attention of the local
authorities and churchmen, including a representative
of the Sword of St. James. Since then, Demesio's band
has acted more eircumspecrly but no less passionately.
Hehas taken tousinga few mortal knights of the Order
‘of Santiago as cover, which has involved him far more
than he would like in the machinations of Prince
Reinaldo and others

For more on the Order of Santiago and the Lions of
Rodrigo, see Chapter Four: Powers That Be

Oviepo

The city of Oviedo was founded by King Fruela lin
the middle of the eighth century. The city was thus part
of the Kingdom of Asturiasand the northern Visigothic
culture that initiated the Reconquista. In 760, Abbor

ued him

'sprimary military order),

Fromistanus and his nephew Maximus built
tery at Oviedo and dedicated a church to St. Vi
the Martyr, a

with an important local cult. Fruela
gration to the area and built

and expanded the Church of San

lor. Archbishop Pelayo further expanded what

was by then the Cathedial of San Salvador in the
twelfth century.

Oviedo is noteworthy for being one of the few
Iberian towns never conquered by the Muslims, and its
inhabitants are some of the haughtiest in the peninsula
because of this. They are strong supporters of the
Reconquista and often argue that their good fortune (or
divine blessing, depending on one's point of view)
charges them with a responsibility to free other settle.
ments from the domination of the
Unsurprisingly, Oviedo's history has it
than its sl of youn
take uparmsagainst the Saracens. Many take particular
pride in joining the Order of St. james of Compostela,
seeing theirservice to"repay" the debe they fe
Oviedo owes to God.

DESCRIPTION

‘The most famous sanctuary of the city is dedicated
tothe Blessed Virgin Mary, by whose help the Asturians

IBERIA, BY NIGHT

defeated the Muslims in 718. Also noteworthy are the
twomonasteries of Saint Vincent and Saint Pelagius. In
the lower part of town is the church of Santullano,
Alfonso II's most ambitious construction. He ordered it
constructed becween 812 and 842 in a balanced majes-
tic and classically horizontal style. The church has a
very unusual design, formed from the union of late
Roman and Visigothic construction traditions. The
walls are covered with the remains of frescoes that
preserve the most complete of Roman palace
painting. Thatneither Samson nor Epiphaniahasshown
the slightest interest in Santullano is further evidence
that the Nosferatu and his companion came to Oviedo
for reasons other than aesthetics.

Pourrics AND RELIGION

Oviedo sets itself apart from the rest of Leén. Its
status as the capital of the kingdom makes its inhabi
ants somewhat haughty compared to their countrymen,
In turn, the rest of Le6n looks upon Oviedo with some
diskain. Although the king is well regarded for his,
battles against the Muslims, the court with which he
surrounds himself is thought of less highly. Indeed
Oviedo has a reputation as a city of sycophants
hangers-on, asmore and more dissolute nobles fun the
country find theit way to the king's side.

Asa religious center, Oviedo boasts a famous chapel
knownas the C wnta or "Holy Chamber." Built in
the ninth century, this chapel has become the interior of
the larger cathedral, built in the last century. The chapel
is renowned for the relics contained within, which King
Alfonso Il rescued from the city of Toledo before it fell to
the Muslim invaders. These treasures were enhanced in
the nvelfth century by two beautiful Romanesque sculp-
tures: The Calvary and the Apostolate. The Calvary isa
mixed composition of painting and sculpture. The
Apostolate crownsthe shaftsofsix pairsofcolumns. Inthe
presbytery are the s0-called Crossof Victory and the Cross
ofthe Angels, usedas standards by Alfonso Il and Alfonso
II respectively. The Holy Chamber also contains the
‘Chest of the Relics, which contains numerous religious
artifacts.

The city'sarchives are extraordinarily importantas
well. Amongitsmostsignificantcontents is the "Gothic
Book" or Book of Testaments, which Bishop Pelayo
wrote between 1126 and 1129. The book records the
entire diplomatic history of the Asturian kingdom,
making it invaluable to scholars.

(Cauntre Arrsirs

Oviedo is the site of much politicking between
Cainite factions. Originally a Ventrue stronghold
the days before the Moorish invasion, the city hassince
come largely under the sway of the Lasombra. However,
Oviedo's prince, Marbuer ty Ventrue, whose
talent at manipulation and subterfuge have allowed her
to retain her domain — and gained her the grudging


respect of the Lasombra, Nevertheless, she faces a
seriouschallengeinthe enmity of Archbishop Mongada
of Madrid and his sire Silvester de Ruiz. Mongada has
called Marbuena a weakling on several occasions, and
some whisper that he has offered to support any worthy
contender of the princedom.

NAVARRE

The Pyrenees extend southward from France and
dominate the northern half of Navarre (or Navarra')
This portion of the country consists of a tangled relief of
forested mountainsandwell-watered valleys Shepherding
and timber are the primary livelihoods in this region
Precipitation is high in the Pyrencesand tapersoff sharply
toward the south, Southcentral Navarre consists of basins
and hulls that focus trade and travel toward the capital,
Pamplona. In this area, most people make their living
through the raising of livestock or the growing of grains.
A Mediterranean climate prevails in the foothills and
Meppes of southern Navarre, drained by the Ebro River.
dscape hete is more arid and monotonous, with
vation of grains a common occupation,
is concentrated along the
ay which has giown at the
‘expense of towns in the lower Pyrences. Large, compact
towns predominate in the south, while small villages
predominate in the mountains
Ifa country can be said to have a mood, Navarre's

‘sone of quiet resignation. Navarre's people are very

much aware of their realm's glorious past — as well as
its less-than-stellar present. This isn't to say they're
dour or gloomy, bue they lack the optimism and dy-
namicnature that characterizes other Christian Iberians
Perhaps it isthe fact that the Reconquista has long since
lefe Navarre behind that creates this feeling. Perhaps

ies to France keep their gaze elsewhere.
Whatever it is, Navarre is clearly cut from a different
cloth than the other states with which it shares the
peninsula.

This difference is visible in the local Cainite popu-
lation as well. Instead of the Lasombra, Ventrue and
Toreador who dominate the more southerly states of
Iberia, Navarre is home to notable Malkavi
Nosferatu bands. The Malkavians are stron;
Pamplona, where Roque, its prince, has e:
large and active brood in the city. These C:

tly knit community that views the prince
father figure and holds him in awe and reverence.
Nosferatu, on the other hand, are less well organized,
possessing several distinct bands in the cities and rug:
ged countryside. The most important of these bands is
headed by Exkerra, an ancient Nosferatu with an un
usual attachment to his homeland. He views the
presence of so many fore both mortal and
Cainite — in Nav on" that needs to

beeliminated. Consequently, h
guerrilla war against Castilian and French "invaders,"

act that has not escaped the notice of the prince
although he has yer to act inst Ezkerra.

PAMPLONA

Pamplona is a city in the north
the Iberian Peninsula. It lies on the western bank of the
Arga River in the fertile La Cuenca region. According
to tradition, Julius Caesar's rival Pompey founded it as

tary camp in 75 BC during his campaign against
city's first name was thus Pompeiopolis. The city fell
into disrepair after the Muslims captured it in 711. The
situation was made even worse when the Franks occu
pied and subsequently abandoned it in 778, taking with
them most of its defenses. Inigo Arista recover
Pamplona in 848 and restored both its cathedral and
monastery, converting the latter into a stronghold.
Pamplona was made capital of the kingdom of Navarre
by Sancho Ill, his new foundation being known a
Ciudad de la Navarrerfa. From that time until the
ning of the ewelfth century, Pamplona wasavibrantand
bustling capital, and a center of the Reconquista

DESCRIPTION

The core of the town, known as La Navarre
dominated by its cathedral. The city celebrates the
Fiesta de San Fermin (honoring St. Fermine, its first
bishop) in October with a fair and various religious
observances. The fair specializes in livestock and visi-

iety of performers.

id his childer wage a

astern portion of

wn irrigated cereal-produc-
ing area. Thu an important center of agriculture
whose farmer's cet d produce bring visitors from
the surrounding countryside, even at other The

's ancient crafts of wineskin, sandal. rope and pot
tery making are as important to the local economy
the milling of flour. Pamplona also serves as a conduit
between France and the Iberian states. This gives the
city an unusual flavor, being simultaneously rustic and
Iberian, sophisticated and northern Et an. Need.
less tosay, thismakes the city very attractive toCainites
of all stripes, many of whom call the city home.

Poutrics AND RELIGION

Home to the court of King Sancho VII, Pamplona
is rife with intrigue and deception. Part of this stems
from the king's personality, which is by turns brilliant
and erratic. Sancho has long offended many of hie
fellow Christians by maintaining friendships with
leamed Muslims. In addition, he has kept up a corre-
spondence with the Almohads, seeing much to respect.
in these Muslim warriors. Indeed, the king's respect for
them—and theirs for him —wassogreat thatheserved
them militarily in North Africa fora time, a move that
cost him portions of Navarre's territory to Castile

THE CHRISTIAN KINGDOMS


Despite his feelings for the Almohads, Sancho partici.
pated in the gre victory at Las Navas de
Tolosa in 1212, a move that has probably secured
Navarre's future for at least a few more years.

Sancho has no heir, which has led to entreaties
from his fellow Iberian rulers — as well as outsiders —
regarding the ultimate disposition of the kingdom. At
the moment, French noblemen and ambassadors have
theking'sear, much to thedismay ofboth the Castilians
and Aragonese, both of whom covet Navarre's terri
cory. Agents of both kingdoms, including Cainites
supportive of their cause, are thus commonplace in
Pamplona, adding further layers to an already compli-
cated skein.

In addition to courtly intrigue, Pamplona possesses
‘numerous religious traditions. One sich tradition holds
that Pamplona, Toledo and Toulouse received the

Fospel due to the preaching of nus, a dis
ciple of the Apostle Peter. Thus, the city boasts an
ancient association with both the Church and with

habitants hold in high regard,
Je 2 point of transferring the bodies of
the virgin martyrs Nunilona and Alodia to Pamplona
These women were killed during the reign of the
Muslim ruler Abd ar-Kabman II. In the Cathedral of
Pamplona is venerated the ancient statue of St. Mary
the White Vingin (Santa Maria la Blanca), which was
preserved from very ancient times. The church also
holds the relics of St. Fermine. Since 1186, his feast day
has been celebrated with the same solemnity as that of
the Apostles themsely

Finally, Pamplona is the base of operations for the
SwordofSt. James, serous group of witch-hunters.
Itsleader, Rodriguede Navarre,
and in Toulouse. He frequently travelsberween the two

istrustedlieutenants Aignen le Libraire

in charge of his estates. These

ichmen know neatly Fh about the bartle
nst darkness as Rodtigue. However, their national
kes it difficult for them to act within Navarre.
a low profile unless events draw them out.

THE Ciry

ever its other faults, Pamplona is nevera dull

place. The city is remarkably cosmopolitan, especially
when compared to the rest of Navarre. Foreigners are a
common sight in the city, including Muslims of various
sorts, most often guests of King Sancho VII. Alongwith
these Saracens come both Muslim Lasombra and
Apsamites on missions for their elders. The Lasombra
hope tosway the open-minded king o become an agent
of change among his Christian contemporaries, w
the Assamites seek to take advantage of the presence of
so many outsiders to achieve ver ifferent goals.

For mortals, however, Pamplona offers an iskand of
sophistication amid the pastoral sea of Navarre. The city's

IBERIA BY NIGHT

merchants, many of them Jews, are excce
traveled, providing goods from outside the per
those interested in such luxuries. The city also functions
asa convenient conduit benween the peninsula
rest of Europe. Consequently, Pamplona sees many more
travelers than one might expect, and many exotic things
are available there, for the right price.
CaINITE AFFAIRS
Cainite Pamplonese complement theirmortal coun-
terparts. The court of Roque is an unusual place. Like
King Sancho, the Malkavian prince is an erratic —
though manipulative — personality. He possesses a
keen understandingofboth mortals and Cainites,a trait
he has used to protect his position from would-be
usurpers. Although the bulk of the city's vampires are
so Malkavians, there has been an influx of Toreador
in recent years. Chief among them is Baklomar, a
scheming knight with clear designson Roque'sdomain
Thos far, the prince has played the gracious host to his
French rival, but chat isonly part of his plan. He intends
to lull Baldomar into a false sense of security to deter
c ifthe Toreador has allies in the city. Once he has

thatinformation, the prince plans to eliminate him and
his supporters.

TubeLa

The city of Tudela was taken from the Muslims by
‘ighter in 1115. In 1121, the king gave the
and the tithesof several towns to the prior

and ecclesiastical chapter of Tudela, built the Church

of Santa Maria and established a community of Canons

Regular of St. Augustine. In this way, the church's

abbot and prior gained the uuthority of

Tudela. Since that time, the city has played relatively

little role in the events of the Reconquista proper

which makes ita perfect haven for the Apostles of the

Third Caine, an offshoot of the Cainite Here:

DescrIPTION

Tudela is a small and somewhat dirty town on the
banks of the Ebro River. [tsappearance is deceiving, for
it nicely preserves many of the Moorish clements that
existed in the city before its capture by Christian forces.
The city's central area is known as the Plaza de los
Fueros and is surrounded by many small and twisting
streets. A bridge crosses the Ebro, which leads to the
main road toward Zaragoza. The bridge has an unusual
construction, making it appear rickety and incapable of
supporting auch weight, Like the town itself, this
appearance is deceiving.

The city'smain church isthe Coles
built inthe twelfth century. The building is well known f
itsrose window, which standsabove an intricately carved
alabaster doorway on the westem side. This doorway
displays a frightful vision of the Last Judgment that both,
inspires and terrifies. Inside the church is @ retable and

lesiastis


beautiful old tombs. Ther
wall carvings possess a
Thecity also features numerous buildings that were
destroyed during the Muslim conquest and never re-
tuilt. They stand deserted, avoided by most mortals
The local leader of the Apostles, Aimersent, uses these
ruins to hold informal meetings with other members of
her flock. Aimersent is a powerfully charismatic Cainite
With a remarkable ability to command her fellow
Apostles. Her charisma is only exceeded by her ambi-
tion. Unlike many Apostles, she does noe wish simply
toescape the Cainite Heresy but to destroy it. Thus, she
and her flock spend much of theie time plotting against
Heretics in Navarre and elsewhere.

Pouttics AND RELIGION

Tudelaisa predominantly Christian city, butisalso,
noteworthy for its sizable Jewish community, many of
whom — like their brethien in Pamplona — are well
traveled merchants. One of their number, a certain
Benjamin, traveled throughout Italy, Greece, Persia,
Palestine and the borders of China during the period
between 1159 and 1173. Benjamin collected the notes
ofhis travels in a book, called Massa'ot, and published
itfor the bei and Jew alike The hook

uableco formationon the peoples

cultures of faraway lands, making it much sought
after by scholars and travelers alike
Cansrre Arrears

As noted above, the Apostles of the Third Caine
have a sizable presence in Tudela. Aimersene's plans
have attracted the attention of the city's prince, a
Lasomba named Fulgencio d'Tdalia. Fulgencio has no
love for the Aeresy (beingachilde of Ambrosio
Mongada), Joes not colerate attempts totum his
domain into a war 2one. Thus, he has instructed his,
sary. The last thing Fulgencio wants is for a powerful
Heretic to be killed in Tudela, thereby precipitating a
blood hunt within the city. For thei part, the Apostles
seem unconcerned, believing Fulgencio's efforts will be
no more successful than

PoRTUGAL

Portugal is situated on the western coast of the
iherian Peninsula, being bounded on the north and east
ly various states, on the west by the Atlantic Ocean
and on the south by the tifas. Portugal and the other
states with which i¢ shares the peninsula are not sepa-
rated by a strongly marked natural boundary such
divides some countries. Indeed they are geographically
indistinet —a fact that has haunted Portuguese foreign
policy for decades.

The northern portion of Portu
and rises from 1,800 to 5,000 fee

is also a cloister whose own

is mountainous
including the Serra

do Gerez, notable forits vegetation and thermal springs.
The central portion of the coun one of extensive
plains divided by mountain ranges, among the latter
being the Serrada Estrella, which rises (06,540 feet and
is the highest and largest in the country. The southern
frontier is almost entirely composed of low-lying plains
and plateaus. In all these regions, the mountains are
usually part of other Iberian ranges. The only indepen.
dent range of importance is the Serra de Monchique
In the north, Portugal is home to many chains of
‘mountains, plateaus of considerable height and deep
narrow valleys. In the center. together with high and
extensive mountains, are broad valleysand large plains
South of the Tejo River (the Tajo, in Spanish), the
countty is one of plains punctuated with hills. Its chief
rivers are the Minho, the Douro (the Duero, in S
ish), the Mondego, the Tejo, the Sa
The Tejoisnavigable for small vessels as far asSantarem.
There are no lakes worthy of mention, contributing to
the generally arid quality of much of the country.
Portugal has few good natural harbors. The primary
exception to thisis Lisbon, which boasts one of the best
in Europe. Already, the Portuguese have begun to
realize the importance of this harbor, using it for the
benefit of their mercantile ventures. The country's
other ports are less accessibl y blocked by sand
bars and other obstacles. Thus, Lisbon continues to
grow in importance, being Portugal's primary gateway
to the world beyond Iberia
Port
mony, copper, lead, tin and iron. Coal, however, is
searce and of poor quality. The country also has more
than a hundred mineral springs and, like elsewhere on
the peninsula, local legends hold t of these
springs have medicinal properties, attracting the atten-
tion of both mortals and Cainites. Indeed, the Brujab
hold that the Spring of Yasbel north of Brage grants
ecstatic visions to those who drink deeply ofits waters
wg challenge for a scion of Cai bel was
thaginian Brujah renowned for her keen insights
re. She was among the first of her clan to
1c to the Iberian Peninsula but met her Final Death
in the conflicts with the Roman Ventrue du
Visiga

is rich in mineral deposits, including anti

Portugal's climate is temperate, but it differs f

place to place according to soil, distance from the sea
and other facrors. The plateaus of Traz-os-Montes and
Beiraare cold and harsh, while the southern fronticr is
hot. Even where the temperature is most extreme, the
temperature rarely exceeds tolerable levels, Snow falls
only in winter, in the high mountains and in the north.
The omnipresent humidity produces fogs that render
the coasts dangerous to sailing vessels. Mostof the year,
winds from the northwest, north and northeast prevail,
but in winter southwesterly winds domi ly
accompanied by storms. Generally speaking, the weather


is pleasant, and some physics believe that Lisbon has a
particularly healthful elimate

Portugal's vegetation is rich, including nearly all
the vegetable species of temperate climates and a large
‘number of those found in hot countries. Among trees,
the pine is the most characteristic, but it does not grow
south of the Sado River. Fruit trees abound, especially
on the Upper Douro and in Beira. Olives and oranges
are everywhere, and Traz-os-Montes producesalmonds..
Grapes grow throughout the country. The cereals most
commonly grown are wheat and rye, but Portugal must
still depend an foreign countries for 2 portion of its
bread supply. Wine, oil, fruit, vegetables, cattle and
cork are exported in Large quantities. The chief manu-
factured items are wool, gokl and silver work, and
pottery. Fishing is one of the primary occupationsof the
ovstal ets: the catches nourish the inhabitants of
those inland as wel

LisBoN

Lisbon is said to owe its origin to Ulysses, and
hence its oldest name was Ulisaypo or Olissipo. The
Phoenecianscalled it Alisubbo, meaning "friendly bay
and the Romans also thought highly of it, naming it
Felicitas Julia. The city lies on the north bank of the
Tejo River, 12 miles from the open sea, clustered
around seven hills that rise above one another. The
town was captured by the Mustims in 716 and remained
in their possession until 1145. Ar that time, Alfonso
Henriques drove out the invaders with the assistance of

ny of Crusaders, including Englishmen, Normans
and Flemings bound for the Holy Land. Shortly there-
after, he moved his capital from Coimbra to Lisbon.
Portuguese kings

iely the employment of

foreign crusaders in the battle against the Moors.
Vincent (or Sao Vicente in Portuguese) , the
patron saint of Lisbon, was martyred for defending his

faith under the persecution of the emperor Diocle
According to local legend, his body was attached to a
millstone and flung into the sea in 336, but it was
miraculously discovered on the sands at Valencia by
Christians of that city
In the eighth century, the Muslims captured

‘alencia, and its inhabitants fled by sea, taking the
relics of St. Vincent with them. They were driven
ashore on the coast of the Algarve at the cape now
known asCape St. Vincent. There they remained until
Alfonso Henriques expelled the Muslims from Lisbon
The saint's relics were then brought there and depos.
ited in the cathedral Alfonso had just built. Alfonso
also began the building of a Cistercian monastery of
Alcobaca, in fulfillment of a vow he had made to build
a monastery for St. Bernard's monks, fhe were success-
ful in his war against che Muslims,

IBERIA, BY NIGHT

DescRPTION

The oldest portion of Lisbon is along the steep
slopes of the Castello de Sao Jorge, which had been the
stronghold of the Muslims. In the neighborhood of the
cathedral (or Sé,as itis known), there are Roman ruins,
inclading the remains of a theater. Although unused by
mortals, the theater is a monthly meeting place for the
city's Apostles of the Thisd Caine. They gather on th
nightof the new moon before retiring to a warehouse on
the docks to partake in a communal blood feast. The
Apostles operate with the utmost secrecy, lest they he
discovered either by Cainite Heretics o agents of the
ambitious Lasombra Vicente de Cardona, either of
which would destroy them. The city's Brujah prince,
Macario, bears no ill will toward the Apostles, but heis
unwilling to defend them against any of their enemies,

‘The Cathedral of Santa Maria is the oldest church
in Lisbon, dating back to the year 306. It served as a
mosque for the Muslims during their occupation of the

. The facade with its towers and massive portico has
yet to be rebuilt, despite promises from both civil and
ecclesiastical officials. Outside what were the old walls
of Lisbon stands the church of Sio Vicente da Fora. The
church contains the mortuary chapel of the kings of
Portugal as well as a monastery. This chapel likewise

icts the Apostles, who have taken akeen interest

wef King Sanchoas part of their investigation

into his possible messianic status. A lone Cappadoctan
named Nyss assists them in this endeavor, because of
the unlikely possibility that the king faked his own
death in 1211

Another significant landmark of Lisbon is the
Castello de Sao Jorge. The Castello wasbuiltin the time
of Julius Caesar and reinforced by the Muslims, who
used it in their defense of the city against Alfonso
Henriques. It has three towers, known as Ulysses,
Albanrain ail Manages. The Castello now serves as
the residence of the kings of Portugal. [ts imposing
appearance and strength minder that Portugal
remains a nation under arms. The Reconquista is very
much alive in this newest of Iberian realms sis the
worry that the Muslims could retake it at any time,
Thus, Lisbon remains heavily fortified and populated by
soldiers and mercenaries of all sorts.

Poutrics AND RELIGION

Lisbon is a city under arms. The streets of Lisbon
resound with the clamor of armored feet, as both native
Portuguese knights and foreigners fill the city. This is
exactly how King Alltonso II prefers it. His grandfather,
Alfonso Henriques, won the independence of Portugal
partially through martial prowess, and Alfonso has no
intention of losing it due to inattention to that same
field of endeavor. Consequently, Lisbon often appears
tobe the most heavily fortified ofall the Christian cities
of Theria.


An important faction among the soldiers are the

foreign crusaders, many of them Hospitalers and

Templars, who have taken up the battle against the

infidel in' Portugal. Like his father, Alfonso rewards

these crusaders generoush

heroes of Portuga

influence be

their presence ebrows of many Portu-
uese soldiers and noblemen, who consider them to
ive ulterior motives for their

Reconquista. If these patriotic m

among the foreigners were many
concern would be greater still.

Lire iN THE Crry
Lisbon blows with the trade winds. The city's large
harbor sees ships from many ports come and go on a
regular basis. They bring not only more soldiers for the
Reamauista but also supplies and news of the wider
world. While the inhabitants of the city are still some
‘what sheltered and ignorant, that is changing. In the
last few years, contact with the rest of E
creased dramatically, leading to a greater under
sanding of Portugal's n the greater scheme of
things. King Afonso encourages this,asdoesthe Brujah
prince, believing it can only serve Lisbon for the better.
Inaddition, Lisbon isquickly acquiring the reputa.
tion as home to some of Europe's best sailors. Although

‘ope has

notall of these sailors are Portuguese, many call Lisbon
their homeport, as
ports elsewhere. From Lisbon, the Atlantic coasts of

offers more opportunities than

Frnceand the Low Countries
Scandinavia

aswell as England and
are open. Likewise, North Africa and
regions further south beckon. These opportunities are

too much for crue mariners to pass up, which is why so
many have come here. Alfonso has not yet taken
advantage of this situation, but the king intendsto build
astronger navy once he feels more sect in his position
on the peninsula. For their part, the Brujah have little
interest in sea travel, except to the extent that it
advances their dreams

Caintre ArFairs

‘Vampires of Clan Brujah have already infiltrated
the king's inner circle. One of their number, a female
personal astrologer and sooths:
helpful to him as he waged
The Brujah hoped that Ayzebel could influence the
king to act in a fashion conducive to their goals,
particularly by weakening the influence of the Church
and the local nobili

‘These hopes may have died with Sancho in 1211
Ayzebel has disappeared without a trace, as if she had
simply vanished from the face of the earth. Neither her
clanmates ne shave any idea what bec
of her. Meanwhile, the Apostles of the Third Caine led
by Balesau re unsure what to make of this turn of
events. They had believed King Sancho ro be a possible
‘Third Caine, but his death has called that attribut

> question. That his Cainite advisor has disappeared
along with him has emboldened some of the Apostles,
who believe his "death" merely presages his reappear:
ance as the vampiric messiah they hoped him to be.

Beyond the machinations of the Apostles and the
Brujah are the ambitions of Vicente de Cardona. After
many years of lobbying, he has been sent to Lisbon to
claim Portugal for Clan Lasombra. He seems like a
somewhat boorish man, and has made several blunders,
but he hasa dangerous list of contacts and a willingness
to spill blood — living and unliving — that gives the
locals pause.

THE CHRISTIAN KINGDOMS.



hapter Three:
ail-QUndalus

To thee and to thy vassals belor gett
all the presy

Onidestor thy troosonssmteave they
have beer proved aright.

VOhe got theic fill of Wloorish voar
upon the field of fight

- The Song of the Cid


OVERVIEW
Al-Andalus is the Muslim-dominated are
eve the thirtee century, al-Andalu:
about the south of the peninsula.
The Mus! ached it: ith in the

renthcentury with the political ascendancy of the C

ate of Cordoba. The Caliphate came to an end in 1031

ost the
in 7U

xcupies

aders conquered

gles that followed destroyed
while the Christian kingdoms to the north
+ to expel their southern neighbors.
Two waves » North
Africa have since come to the peninsula. The fir
the A lmoravids, who were dominant in the late ¢
and carly twelfth centuries. Eventually, the comforts of
civilization dulled their fervor and they were in tun
displaced by the Almohads, who hav ed to unify
al-Andalus. Their success has been limit
much of the central plain but not being

ble to exert
ther reaches of the realm. Time is
ut. Asthe Muslimauthorities prey
yabandon their haldings, their Che
warts study their maps and gather their a
the disastrous defeat of the Muslims in 1212 at the ba
of Las Navas de Tolosa (see p. 27), panic and defeat
have set in,

Carnire Poutics

(or "Qubilat al-Khayal"
(or "Ban Hagin") are
vampiric clans in al-Andalus. Most of the «
present, but these two clans have invested by far the mc
time and energy in the territory. They fight the hardest to
keep what they have gained.

and Assam

1¢ dominant
net Clans are

Allcitiesunde ic ye
placesof worshipsl
‘Granada have so
moxue, in th
‘commercial district (the me Also located nearby
the medrasa (college), surrounded by a mace of alleyway
containing numercns sll shops

ninaret, thi
he minaret, from
> prayer

ard and the prayer hall
which the muezzin calls the faithful
brick or stone, it is decorated with tile
brickwork patterns and is capped b

The shan, orcourtyand,ofte
cooled by fountains, is a space for ablur
hasacovered gallery nu

and often

Politically, the Cainites of the re

on are as fractured
8. The Almohai
s and more prag

and fractiousas the

with strong support fron
matic Cainites, have

of al-Ang
and non-M

dus. Religious orthodoxy is strictly enforced
The north and east are relatively chaotic, ruled by
alitions of Cainites striving to p
their tafa kingdoms. The Assamite sultans are prima
rily concemed with protecting a greater Muslim state
against the Christians of Europe. Those rulers belong
re beliefs. The sultans and viziers of other clans
are, by and large, interested in preserving their indi
with their Christian rivals
In the sout the ling

+ (especially in the geo

). While the conflict
mi has been just as fierce, i

je and fall of individual
leaders than by dynastic conflicts. The eastem highlani
are only loosely controlled by the Almohads. Granada
the central city of the region, is held by the vampiric
Sultan Badr, who is both strictly orthodox (some say
fanatical) and fiercely independent

nd cast, the control
dynasties has always been weal
graphically isolated easter stat
between Christian and M

has been marked more by

The east cowst and the Balearic Isles lie beyond
ve Almohad control. Valencia is ruled by an ortho:
dox Lasombra, but the former sultan has secretly returned
and the city is experiencing major political upheavals
The isles are nominally part of the Sultan of Valer

effec

domain,

ers whose preserice predates both,
the Muslims and the Christians.

ll, is little ms
rches and pillarsf
nthe floor
humblein des

juam, of praye
heldup

than an empty space

mingparallel aves, with
Y course, thearchesand pillar

cially in theargerand
orpulpit,isint

toward Mecca). [n'a small
be no more than a simple hollow niche,
itislavishly decorated and designed

are far fron
hetter-endowed mosquc
enter of the east wal
mosque, itm
but in an alia
amplify

with minimal decorat

Mosques act as community centers or town h
mmunit
including te ninistration of the
other xcerior walls often
have messages pasted co them, functionit

are commonly used as f
activities


Cutrare


been unwilling to unite in the face Christian
pressure. Their disunity and infighting is proving to be
their downfall

‘Such divisions among the kine match the bitter and
twisted disputesamongal-Andalus'sCainites.Afterstrain:
ing under the Cordoban Sultan for so long, few Cainites
outside the big cities have any desire to lose the freedom
they gained during the political chaos of the last centuries.
Ambitious coteries and powerful individual vampires
have been able to fa kingdoms as their own
personal domains, free of any outside control. As aresult,
politicking, fighting and disunity among the Cainires of
al-Andalus has reached new heights, with jealous sultans
working endlessly to protect and expand their own influ-
ence, payinglitle heed to outside affairs. Of course, justas
nnotall kine are blind to the coming storm from the north,
not all Cainites are ignorant either, especially as the
decades w nd Christian pressure becomes ever

parent. However, the majority of forward think

sare preparing to either change sides or flee to

North, Africa, leaving the last vampinc sultans of the taifas
to. a doomed resistance.

Despite their seubbom independence and the rugged
and varying terrain ofal-Andalus, the taifa kingloms share
many features. The key to these similares is the dont
nance of Islamic culture, religion and politics. The rulersof
these litte fiefdoms are touch closer to the ebb and flow of
the wider Islamic world than to the geographically closer
‘Christian kingdoms of the north. While this contributes.
areatly to the inevitability of che tatelets fll, itdoes allow
some strong generalizations to be drawn in regards to their
intemal tructuresand relations with one another. Astle
precise information is available about these micto king
ddoms, except when they were based in a large city like

ncia of Granada, the purpose of this section isto give

toryteller all the building blocks necessary to create her

‘own taifa kingdoms and populate them with horh Cainites:
and kine, as well as provide a few examples.

ORGANIZATION

The taifa kingdoms place the internal contradic
tions of medieval Islamic politics in stark relief, falling
into broad categories depending on whether the bu:

reaucracy, the military or the nobility rules. them.

Governments come and go with the rise or deaths of
strong rulers. Stability is something that rarely lasts
more than a decade or two. The interference of outside
forces is also a major factor given the small size of the
kingdoms and internecine confliets within them, These
conflicts usually follow the same three lines of power
mentioned above; only rarely do issues such as religion,
race or economics play much of a role

BurkAUcRATIC

The ministers, secretaries and clerks who make up
the gove g bureaucracy of Islamic states form a
powerful and influential clique. In many ways, they are

IBERIA BY NIGHT

the glu that hos the disparate power grours ofthe
ic world together, keeping communications going
Pesce ro meet ary, the merchants the
daa scholars and the common citizens. The
crats left behind by the Umayyads, Almoravids and
Almohads were often the day-to-day power in theit
respective regions. Many found it quite easy to assume
power for themselves once control from the capital fl
away. Bureaucratic rule also came about when eithera.
military or noble regime failed ora particularly powerful
rnd influential minister managed to oust his erstwhile
masters, such asoccurred during the fall of the Cardoban
Caliphate itself

Without strong local ties, bureaucratic regimes in
the taifa kingdoms are usually short-lived af
if another group does not overthrow the bu
they tend to be absorbed into the lc nobility and
their states become indistinguishable form any other
regime dominated by local magnates. The one major
‘exception to this is those states in which the leading
bureaucrats come from a non-Islamic minority, most
commonly Jews but occasic arabs. In' these
cases, bureauicr
only by the cunniny nce and ongoing success of
the leading bureaucrat. Once such a leading dhimmi dies:
cor suffers a notable defeat, the Islamic citizens tend t0
overthrow the regime. Such uprisings tend to be violent
affairs, featuring pogroms against the previously power-
ful minority.

While bureaucratic taifa regimes may be shore
lived, they also tend to be the most economically,
culturally and (very often) militarily successful states in
al-Andalus. This is hardly surprising, since trained
bureaucrats are experienced diplomats and administra
tors. Most bureaucratic rulers also possess
training, part of any well-educated man's upbringing,
and are thus at least ae welll prepared to be generals and
captainsas local nobles. Beyond the obvious skills they
bring to running their small states, they also tend to
have a wider perspective than nobles or generals, By
education and experience, bureaucrats are part of the
wider Iamic word. Thus they prove f
managing local power groups for the
and they arefarconnierin thelr dcalings with over af
Kingdoms and the Christians.

Muurary

‘The reliance by Islamic regimes on mercenaries,

especially those from particular Islamicized ethnic mi-
ed yeTOus instances of those hired forces

overthrowing their employers and taking power for
themselves. In Iberia, the most common occurrence
was a coup by Berber metcenaries, though Arab com-
manders recruited from the cast, and even Christian
‘mercenaries such as El Cid also succeeded in establish-
ing their own states. Such coups, especially those that


happened during the chaos after he all ofthe caliphate
and the collapse of Almoravid power, were prone to be
violent and destructive. Many Berber mercenary bands
became little more than bandits, looting and burning
entire regions before settling down to rule over the
dispirited survivors, Peaceful coups were almost alw.
those carried out by Arab commanders who simply
assumed power over frontier towns and fortresses when
central power collapsed or their ambition got the better
of their loyalty. The distinction between Berber
ArabjMos
The reason for the presence of Arab and Mozarab
mercenary commanders along the frontier is obvious:
‘They were there co defend the frontiers of al-Andalus
from the Christians. The states they form are heavily
nilitarized and continually struggle against the unstop-
pable progress of the Reconquista. Asa result, these tifa
kingdoms are among the least influential and impor-
tant. They simply do not last long enough or possess the
spare resources to have much ofan impact beyond their
‘own borders. Thar said, the staunch resistan
b military taifas stands in stark contrast to
erested dealings with the Christ
ses other states in al-Andalus. No
ilitary commanders lose their puwes
any become vassals of the Christia
Berber mercenaries on the other hand ran amuck all
overal-Andalus during the unrest between major dynas-
ties. Those groups based on the frontier moved south to

find better pickings anc depopulated entire districesin the

course of their pillaging, doing such serious damage that
they fatally weakened resistance tothe Christian advance
fordecades afterward. Few of these marauders retumed to
North Africa, for the rich fiekds and valleys of al-Andalus
were far more attractive than the barren deserts of home,
and eventually those bands that were not exterminated
and avoided desenerating into bandit gangs set them.
selves up asforeign overlords. That they haredacommon
religion with most of those they ruled did not prevent
Berber military rulers from being brutal, and they undid
many of the cultural achievements of previous genera-
tions. In those Berber taifas that last longer than a single
generation, however the military rulers are absorbed into
the local nobility and become inlistinguishable from the
ehicated and cultured rulers that preceded them. So,
despite their initial barbarity, Berber dominated military
states last far longer than those dominated by Arabs or
Mozarabs further north. Yet they were mainly
noncontributors to the wider society of al-Andalus, so
alienated were they froin nae they ruled. Wore stil,
their intemecine fighting provided the perfect opening
forthe Christians monarchsofthe north tointerfereinthe
intemal politics of al-Andalus. It is not surprising there-
fone thar the tifa state of Granada, which lasts until 1492
asavasail of the Kings of Aragon, is ruled by the Nasrids,
adynasty of Berber ex-mercenat

Nopiury

As in all medieval societies, the do
outside the Umayyad, Almoravid or Almoh
were the landed magnates who dominated the economy
and provided the military levies the national armies
relied on in time of war. During both the rule and fall of
these three dynasties, these local magnates maintained
their influence and power. Taifa kingdoms founded by
particularly powerful local magnate ces of

c the most common form of gover-
al-Andalus in the thirteenth century
sense of the term, since in the Islamic world their
number included both the noble-born
of varying religious and ethnic backgrounds, so refer:
ring to these noble" is just a convenient
shorthand reference rather than a concrete definition.
In general, the more urban the state, the more mercan-
tile and trade orientated the dominating local magnates
are likely to be. Conversely, the more tural and agricul
tural the taifa, the more power is in the hands of
landowning nobility

In practice however, there is little difference in the
nature of these taifas. They tend to be small and intro:
verted. The conflicts berween noble families take
precedence over the threat from the north and provide
aan easy opportunity for Christian kings inclined to use
diplomacy to bring the taifas under their sway. In their
desire to outdo one another in displays of wealth and
refinement, the noble taifas are great patrons of the arts,
and scholarship, as well as strong economic centers, It
is in the creations and lifestyle of the rulers of these
states that much of what is now commonly regarded as
"Moorish" came intobeing, not the least of which is the
use of the word to denote sybarite pleasures and luxury.
The states run by a bureaucratic elite may have been,
bettorran, butin their ego-driven competition, the cif
nobles produced an intellectual ferment beyond any
thing else experienced in al-Andalus following the fall
of the Umayyad Caliphate.

Yer this competitive drive, responsible for so many
achievements, is also a fatal flaw. The local magnates
resist any drive for greater unity despite the fact that
they benefited from strong ties to the kingdoms they
ruled, giving them an edge over competitors for power
In this respect, the terrain of al-Andalus played a role
because it was difficult for any of the taifas to develop
the resources to overwhelm their neighbors. Those
states whose economies are based on trade have the
money to build up mercenary forces recruited from
North Africa to fight wars of conquest, but given the
regular problems with Berber mercenaries, they resist
doing so, hiring only those mercenaries necessary to
supplement local forces. And because of the infighting
and intense competition previously mentioned, allie
ancesarealso uncommon. Thusthenoble aifakingdoms

AL-ANDALUS


can no better resist invasion from the north chan any
other kind, and much of their intellectual and artistic
productivity can be put do carefree fatalism in
which they ignore their coming doom in preference to

pursuing local rivalries and their own pleasure.

RELATIONS

Dealings between the taifa kingdoms are in a per-
petual state of turmoil, which in turn reflects their
relations with the Almohad Amir in Sevilla and the
Christian Kingdoms of the north. Despite the almost
purely local interests of the «aifas, these fractious rela-
tions defineal-Andalus in the early thirteenth century.
Indeed, they explain the weakness that led to the
disaster at Las Navas and continue to diminish and
demoralize what's left of Muslim Iberia. This last point,
the failure of hope as the chances of resistance to the

istian advance dim, is the key element to the mood
of life in the taifa kingdoms. The fierce and pointless
fighting and intriguing between the taifas and the
‘openness to external manipulation are all reactions to
the obvious doom approaching from the north,

Between Tatras

The taifas are remarkably belligerent. Scarcity of
resources plays only a limited role, even given the
damage done to al-Andalus's economy after the fall of
the Almoravids and the tribute demanded by the ever
more assertive Christian kingdoms. Nor does territorial
aaggrandizement play a major role, as most tifa king-
doms lack the ability to control conquered lands given
the difficulties of internal communication across al-
Andalus's many mountain ranges. No, the explanation
for the constant raiding and minor wars between the
‘aifa kingdoms lies in the feuds and petty rivalries of
their rulers — and their associated families and allies.
The word taifa (faction) war not lightly chosen to
define these states; until their conquest by the Chris-
tian Kingdoms, they continue to fight fctlonal battles
over minor pr

The major limitation here is that this feuding is
localiz loms are only concerned with
those border them; those any furthe
exist beyond the narrow views of the taifas' clite.
Despite all this fighting, the petty kingdoms continue
to trade with one another. As well, the various rulers
and powerful loc 6 are inevitably related by
intermarriage and adoption. This continuing social
and economic interaction persists through the feuds via
intermediaries from other communities or from ethnic
minorities within each state, especially Jews, who carry
‘on the necessary commerce for each taifa to survive

In this chaotic environment, banditry and slavery
thrive, and travel away from major caravan routes in al-
Andalusis dangerous. This means that taifas connected
by rivers or the sea have far more contact with each

IBERIA BY NIGHT

other than those that might be geographically clo ]f
but are separated by rough terrain. Banditry is alsoa
favored option for those rulers driven from their petty
kingdoms, by internal coup or Christian advance. Over
land trade between the taifas has become progressively,
more difficult and less profitable.

Witn THE HLMOHADS

Despite ruling nearly half of al-Andalus, the
Almohad state based around Sevilla plays a role litte
different to that of taifa kingdom. With the Almohads

more interested in keeping theit lands in North Afri
than expanding their rule in al-Andalus, the amirs in

lla have little interest in the neighboring petty
Kingdoms beyond extorting tribute from those that lay
close enough to be cowed by shows of military force,
Even thislevelof interest wanesasthe century progresses
and Almohad rule in North Africa comes under threat.
Leaders in al-Andalus give themselves over more and
more to indolence, debauchery and disinterest in the
world beyond the glittering confines of

The threat that the Almohads might pose to the
independence of the taifas, however much they might
lack the will to do anything with their power, plays a
significantrole in inducing the petty Muslim states into
alliances and tribute relationships with the Christian
Kingdoms. Almohad inertia is only another motivation
for looking northward for help. Despite this, the
Almohad cities, especially Sevilla, are the richest and
‘most refined in al-Andalus and are the centers of trade
andculture. While they may be aspent force politically,
the Almohads remain culturally dominant, a strange
juxtaposition that may account for the poor foresight
exhibited by so many taifa rulers as to the changing
dynamics in the Christian kingdoms of the north,

Wrrn THe Curistuw Kin
Many taifarulers, connected as they are
trends of the Islamic world, realized that their hold on
their lands was becoming precarious only after the
recent (and devastating) battle of Las Navas de Tolosa,
Despite the threat, they still place their relations with
the Christian kingdoms in the same category as their
relations with the other taifa kingdoms and with the
Almohads in Sevilla. That there is a war for religious
pd cultural supremacy going on has never occurred
most of them. Those who do realize their way of life is
ending also know there's precious little they can do
aboutit inany event. For most, religious differences did
not stop intermarriage, trade and political alliances,
‘That the zeal of the crusades was now affecting Iberia is
something that too many iaifa rulersdo not realize until
Christians are at their doors. Even then, many
f Aragon or Castile immedi-
ately after the Reconquista — the Kings of Aragon in
particular have little interest in pursuing religious con-
version. Thus the ambassadors, merchants and

thewider


mercenary captains of the north are found throughout
the tafa kingdoms during the thirteenth century. Only
inthe border stares —where the threat of conquest was
imminent — were relations strained, a situation that
eventually ll the stares of al-Andalus wil find them

Tairus By Nigut

The multitude of taifa kingdoms offera great oppor-

nity for Cainites of all backgrounds to establish
independent domains. Thus, no two taifas feature ex-
actly the same type of night predators. Sometimes a
single powerful C: ‘holds the kingdom in his fangs,
other timesa powerful coterie does so. Secret plots span
many a taifa, and roving bands of Cainite bandits prey
on others. These diverse Cainite sultanates can, how-
ever, be roughly grouped by their reaction to the
Reconquista.

TRADITIONALISM

Many of the powerful Cainites who claim sole
domain over entire taifas are traditionalists. Lost in the
world of the past, they pine for the nights of the
Cordoban Sultanate or some other period. These dark
lind lurk hohind the facades of ates ruled by families
that they have influenced for generations, and they are
thus most often found within noble and bureaucratic
Kingdoms. Traditionalists tend to be Cappadocians,

Lasombra or Toreador. With the perspective lent to
them by their age, most of the trad

jonally minded
sultans are aware of what is coming, but they either
hope to ride it out, as many roxle out the initial Islamic
invasion, or feel thar the infantile conflicts among the
kine are bencath their immortal concern. To many of
these older vampires, Islamic faith ial thing,
though the few who are active members of the Ashirra
sect support many religious organizations trying to rally
the faithful against the Chnstians. Unfortunately, a
fex powerful Cainite believers isnot enough toturn the
tide of apathy and despair gripping al-Andalus. These
old Ashirra are bound to either go down fighting
against the Shadow Reconquista or flee to North Africa
tofighe another day.

RAbICALISM

Many Cainites felt keenly the restrictive rule of the
Cordoban Sultanate, especially those opposed to the
conservative views of the Ashirra elders there. Follow-
ing the fall of the sultanate, they seized the chance to
found independent domains of their own where they
‘ould pursue their deviant political and philosophical
Views without restraint. These radicals included Brujah
secking anew Carthage, Gangrel seeking to undermine
the dominance of the major clans and younger Ashirra
seeking to create "pure" theocratic states. Coteries of
these radicals managed to claim domain over several
ey taifas. The most likely states for the radicals to

conquer were those where Berber merc

shattered the traditional power struc

and with them the Cainite status qu

managed to take power under bur

Ashit Arab domina
military kingdoms on the Christian frontier. No other
vampires in Iberia created so much fermentand turmoil
as these radicals, since most weren't content to pursue
their philosophic toconvert
other Cainitesto their cause. Few of the radicalssaw the
coming of the Reconquista before the shock of La
Navas, and it may now be too late to do anything bu
flee to North Afric

OpportunisM

Te was not only C: radicals who felt restricted
by the elders of the Cordoban Sultanate. Many Cainites
merely resented the limited opportunities to pursue
wealth and power for themselves, and such opportunists
are the most common taifa Cainites. Young
who found themselves shut out by elders in Cordoba
jumped at the chance to oust their betters from their
domains or found new ones when the caliphate fell.
From the low clans like the Ravnos, Nosferatu
Malkavian and Followers of Set, these new ruling
cliques et about creating for themselves what they had
been denied. Power and wealth are addictive commodi-
ties however, and too many of these new petty sultans
could not help but expand their influence over nearby
domains, encouraging the divisions and jealousies among.
the kine in order to undermine theie rivals and expand
their own influence. How much of an influence older
Cainites in both the Christian kingdoms and North
Africa have over these minor sultanates is unclear, but
many have became willing vassals tosome degree in the
wider schemes and conflicts of their distant elders, Not

surprisingly, few of these young vampires can hope to
hhold onto their power in the face of the Reconguasta

WEST

The western part of al-Andalus is neither rich nor
crowded. The Portuguese Christians are pushing in
from the north, and the major cities are Badajoz in.
Extremadura and Huelva on the Atlantic coast. Of the
two, Huelva is the most prosperous and has the most to
lose as the Reconquista advances.

EXTREMADURA

Extremadura is a eparsely populated tableland in al-
Andalus's far northwest comer. Much of Extremadur
ts flat, but it is bounded to the north, east and south by
wooded hills that rise into the Montes de Toledo
(north) and the Sierra Morena (east and south), Two
major rivers, the Tajo and the Gua cross the
region from east to west, Extremadura's climate is

AL-ANDALUS.


extreme, with blistering summers and freezing winters.
The Extremeiios themselves are similarly divided be-
tween the rough-and-ready peasants and the
sophisticated city dwellers. Extremadura is often also
called by the same name as its main city, Badajoz.

The north is a patchwork of lush valleys and up-
lands, with villages that significantly pre-date the
Muslim conquest. The very far north, Las Hurdes, has
long suffered from disease, poverty, witchcraft, evil
spirits and cannibalism. The Hurdanos are a tough,
determined people, eking out a living from the rocky
terrain, culrivaringhoneybeesand livingin slate-roofed
stone huts with few comforts. Theie daily struggle to
survive has left them with little interest in polities or
the doings of conquerors.

Bapatoz: Tue Ciry

The Romans first settled Badajoz, Extremadura's
major city, as an agricultural village or country villa; it
didn't become a fortified town until the ninth century.
‘The lands around Badajoz are rich and fertile, benefit-
ing from the waters of the Guadiana. There are many
villages and a number of fortified towns and Roman
ruins in the city's immediate vicinity, many of which
see use by local communities as meeting, places aad
festival grounds,

The city itself is unpretentious and has few attrac-
tive buildings; itis, however, heavily fortified, and the

citizens generally remain calm in the face of a crisis.

The fortifications center around the alcazaba on the
southern side of the Guadiana, but the city wallsextend
around a good deal of the remainder of the city. To the
south of the alcazaba lies the heart of the town, with
plazas for trading and taverns, stores and workshops
jostling each other for space on the narrow streets, some
of which are not even wide enough to allow a cart to
pass. To the west of the old town are inns and more
spacious, expensive boutiques, trade and shipping com-
panies, financiers and master craftsmen.

Bapatoz: Poutics AND REUGION

The history of Badajoz is a story of sporadic con-
quest, resistance and independence. The city was part
of the Cordoban Caliphate until the arrival of Abd al-
Rahman ibn Marwan in the late ninth century. Ibn
Marwan was a muwallad soldier who had been exiled to
Badajoz for quarreling with a senior Arab officer. In
877, he fortified the city and asked Alfonso III, King of
the Asturias, for aid. He defeated a Cordoban army but
fled in the face of a second, larger force. Returning
seven years later, he ruled Badajoz until his death in
890, whereupon his sons cook up the reigns of power.
Cordoba did not reimpose control until 930.

When Cordoban authority collapsed in the elev-
enth century anda long period of unrest began, Badajoz
again asserted its independence, this time under the
rule of Sabur al-Sa bur the Slave). The civil

governor of Badajoz took direct control upon the col-
lapse of the Cordoban Caliphate and passed it down to
hhis sons. Gerald the Fearless, a Portuguese adventurer,
briefly held the city but was expelled by the Almohads
in 1169. They have held it ever since.

In the wake of the Muslim defeat at Las Navas,
tribute and the occasional display of will no longer keep:
the city safe. Despite the citizens' hardiness, there isan
air of inevitability about the conquest of the city. The
locals want to get as much pleasure from their lives as
they can before Christian rule is imposed.

BADAJOZ: CAINITE AFFAIRS

Badajoz is one of Islam's northernmost outposts in
al-Andalus. As such, the militant warrior caste of CL
Assamite has descended upon it in force. Quickly
marshalling the city's Cainites, they et about preparing
to fight the Christians. The new sultan, Tabitha al-
Masti, is not a fanatic, and she demands loyalty, not
piety, from hersubjects. The previoussultan, the Brujah
warlord Bassam, agreed to step down and serve as al
Masti's vizier after an appropriate display of her
determination —a dagger was placed on Bassam's chest
ashe slept.

The defeat at Las Navas de Tolosa has come as a
heavy blow, dividing the Cainite population. Many
have fled the city for the presumed safety of Muslim
centers like Sevilla and Granada. Most of those who
remain are determined to fight, but there are a few who
are prepared to make accommodations with the Chris-
tians. Tabitha is laying in plans for the city to hold out
as long as possible. With the help of the powerful visier
‘Umar al-Rashid, she is attempting to secure an escape
route for their fellow Assamites, setting up safe havens
ina path leading back to Sevilla. Before she goes, she is
determined to sell the city as dearly as possible. She has
not persecuted those who have no inclination ta join
the fight, but they are being carefully watched. She has
made it clear that any Cainites who attempt to contact
the Christians for any reason at all will be destroyed.
Already two such executions have been carried out

‘ELSEWHERE IN EXTREMADURA

Central Extrei major settlement is Cécetes,
a pleasant and lively city with a vibrant intellectual
community and @ number of Toreador. Strategically
located south of the Alberche River and straddling an
old Roman road, Caceres was captuted by the Christian
kingdom of Ledn several times since 1142, but was
retaken each time

The other major settlement in the south of
Extremadura is Merida. Founded by the Romans in 25
BG, itbecame the capital of the province of Lusitania.
Under the Visigoths, it remained an important center
and was not conquered by the Muslims until 713. [thas
declined under Muslim ruleand isnow little more than


a regional backwater, overshadowed by Badajoz to the
southwest. The city abounds with Roman ruins, includ-
inga theater, arena, temple to Diana, several mansions,
adrome and an aqueduct inhabited by storks.
1 Cappadocians and Nosferatu make their home
in the runs; they have no intention of fightin the
Christians,

HUELVA AND SILVES

Huelvaliesalmostdirectlyto the south of Extremadura,
The Atlantic coast consists largely of lagoons and pine-
covered dunes, with a string of fidhing villages. In the
middle of the shoreline is Huelva, a port and industrial
city. The Guadalquivir forms the border with Cadie and
Sevilla tothe east, while to the west the Guadiana forms
theborder with Portugal. To the north, the Sierra Morena
form the border with Extremadura, Huelva'sinteriorisan
undlulacing region of flarlands, growing cereals, fruit and
sunflowers. [n the southeast of the Sierra Morena are the
Rio Tinto tin mines. Silves lcs slightly further west, just
south of the Portuguese frontier, with good trade winds to
the North African coasts.

Tue Crry or Harta

Huclva is an atactive city located on a bluff
between the Tinto and Odlel Rivers. Founded by
Phoenician traders (as Onuba — citizens still call
themselves Onubenses), it was used by the Romans,
‘who opened tin mines in the mountains. The Moors
continued the mining and strengthened the city's for
tifications, and it has remained a prosperous raifa state
The vampiric sultan of the tafa, Laila ofClan Lasombra,
has no intention of losing her position to the winds of
history; She is negotiating a treaty with the Portuguese
Lasombra Vicente de Cardona to mai
tion, She is well aware that Vicente is s
buffoon, but she has more confidence
emissary, Rodrigo Toca.

An important port involved in commerce with
Africa and theslave trade, Silves wasalso.a major naval
base and closely ruled by the Umayyads, Almoravids
and finally the Almohads. To ensure the loyalty and
reliability of the town and its important services, the
‘central authorities traditionally appointed various pow
erful bureaucrats to oversee the town. When the
‘Almohads lost their interest in the town at the start of
the thirteenth century, the last vizier of slaves

man of Morarab descent named Dabie ibn Abundio
AL-Noya, managed to seize control in 1202 by forming
loose alliance with the town's powerful merchants.
Forthe next nine years, Dabir ruled over the prosperous
port town, maintaining his position by keeping the
trade flowing and by not upsetting the pirates who
replaced the Almohad navy as the most dangerous
nilitary presence in the town.

By 1210 howeve ‘was starting to feel the
pressure of the inexorable advance of the Dukes of
Portugal down the Atlantic coast. Dabir however, did
not live past a naval raid by English Sea Dogs in 1211,
killed not by the raiders, bur by rioting Silvan citizens
following the firing of the in docks. He was replaced
by bu-Hamra, an Arabslaver of great

c, who was first among equals
within the town's trading community.

For now, Nusair's rule is relatively stable, but the
city is ling under economic rather than military
pressure for Portugal. The Chi an advance is killing
the market for imported slaves and cutting off the

urces of most of the town's exports. Those merchants

dc z \ough are considering relocating

rtkech or Fez in North Africa, while the poorer

ns look to Sevilla, hoping the Almohads can

protect them. In 1234, Silves surrenders to the Portu:

guese without a fight, little more than a ghost town,
never returning to the importance it had once held.

ITES OF SILVES

At the height of the power of Céndob
an important and k ‘ive vampiric sultanate that
cowed its power wo the capital. The sultan of Cordoba
named the sultan of Silves and supervised his rule.
Apart from its mortal trade, the town was a primary
conduit for Cainites who wished to enter al-Andalus
without difficulty. Its slave trade was important for the
replenishment of many a vampire's herd. During the
chaos after the fall of the Cordoban Caliphate, the
Lasombra Sultan of Silves, one Farouk ibn Omar, was.
able to keep his control of the town intact and contin
ued to proclaim loyalty to the Sultan of Crdoba while
simultaneously dealing with anyone who would pay for
his services. Farouk gave equal support to the Cainites
who followed the Almoravids and Almohads to al.
Andalus and was even known to have dealings with
‘Christian Cainites under the cover of Silves's intermit
tent trade with the north. He used the communication
among the Lasombra on both sides of the religious
divide to his advantage:

In recent years, however, Farouk's careful planning

and dealsh not protected him from a coterie of Baali
who followed the Almohad invasion of al-Andalus
looking to profit from the chaos and destruction. They
saw Silves as a perfect place to spread the tentacles of
corruption throughout al-Andalus. In a sudden
the Baali massacred much of the local vampiric
faked Christian raid. They then set upone
of their own as sultan, in the guise of a Lasombra childe
of Farouk's. This hidden Bali, Muharon
knows full well that the Christians are coming t
Silves away from him and has welcomed envoys fr
his supposed clanmae Vicente de Cardona, whom he
hopes can serve asa tool to spread his own dark faith in


li have managed to

scheme under the Magisters' very noses

sas to the chaos gri the Amici
of religi ides.

ELSEWHERE IN THE REGION
miles east of Huelva is Niebla, a fortified
town. Located ata of the old road and the Rio
Tinto, the pink sandstone walls surroundi city
are almost 90 feet wide in places and stretch for over a
mile. The Moors call the town Medina Labla; it was
capital of the caliphal distr an indepen
dent . fet mines. The
town also has a sizable Jewish population and several
ynagogues. The Sultan, a Jewish Lasombra named
m, has entertained Portuguese emissaries but
has not committed himself to their cause

:
-ENTRAL PLAIN

fertile alluvial plain of the quivir, the major
waterway of southern Iberia. This tich farmland,
thick with vineyard: S, eto both
contentious, with m rn

ing up under the control of local nx eaucrats
or warlords. Summer -sperately hot and routinely
claim the lives of the ‘unfit; winters, by contrast,
are comparatively mild in

Capiz

Cadiz is the most southerly province of al-Andalus,
Reaching from the mouth of the Gu: vir to the
Straits of Gibraltar and inland to the Sic te

rolling farmka
mnowned across Ib

rovince lie the towns of Gibra
pirate haven and a prosperous town respectively
Tne Crry

Cali is a seaport on an isthmus protruding into the
Atlantic: Established by the Phoenicians as Gade, the city
served as a center for trading Baltic amber for Spanish
silver and tin, The Romans were attracted to its strategic
position and called it Gades (inhabitants still refer
themselves as Gaaitanos; Julius Caesar was given his first
public office here. The city has declined economically
under Moorish rule, as the Muslimsa eat seafarers
Other ports, such as Malaga and Al-Mariyat, are on the
Mediterranean side of the Pillars of Hercules.

IBERIA. BY NIGHT


The city itselfis quite small, withthe streets well lal
outinagrid pattem broken up by numerousplazas. A serics
cof watchtowers look out over the town and the ocean.

Pourrics AND RELIGION

Long regarded asa backwater, Cadiz was ruled from
Cordoba, became a taifa state, was held by the
Almoravids and is now held by the Almohads. The
people of Cadiz are a hardy, fatalistic lot, well suited in
temperament to Islam's submission to the will of God.
The Almohads have met with strong acceptance here,
and the people are eagerly renewing their faith

Carnrre AFFAIRS

Cadiz has been a great success for the Cainites
accompanying the Almohad conquest of Iberia. The
native Cainites are hardy and independent and were
happy to accommodate the Assamites, so much so that
the local sultan, a devout Muslim Lasombea named
Haroun, has been entrusted with advancing the
Almohad cause.

The remainder of the city's Cainites either joined
Haroun in embracing the cause or simply ignored it.
There are a few Jewish Cainites, however, who are
quietly concerned. They fear that while things are

ful (and tolerant) fornow, once the Christiansare
at the gate things will change. Thus, they have begun
plotting against their sultan, under whom most have
Sic peacetulty for cosmos This Would sex Sc wel
with "most Jewish Cainites in the region, who see
Haroun asan honorable protector, but the conspirators
have yet to be discovered.

ELSEWHERE IN THE PROVINCE
The Rock of Gibraltar rises almost sheer from the
a 1,400 foot chunk of limestone with a number of
cular caves. Inhabited primarily by birds and
ys (Barbary apes), it is as forbidding
spectacular. Gibraltar was known to the Phoenic
Calpe ancl the Greeks knew it as one of the Pillars of
Hercules (the other being Mount Ablya on the other
side of the Straits).

In7L1, Tariqibn Ziyad landedhis invasion force near
the point and named it Jabal Tarig (Tarig's Rock), but it
‘wasnot until 1159 that the Almohads founded the town
of Gibraltar. It has become, to their dismay, a chaotic
haven for pirates and smugglers, ruled by brute force and
intimidation. The Caliph Abdul Mamen constructed a
mosque, reservoir and some defensive works (walls and
towers), but control of the town is tenuous.

The Phoeniciansestablishedasmall town, Carteria,
two miles from the point. It was from Carteria that
Julius Casear departed to defeat the Carthaginians at
Munda. Orderly and well governed, Carteriahasa large
Jewish population who keep a watchful eyeon the town
‘of Gibraltar, fearful of its inhabitants. There are a
number of Assamite warriors and a single sorce

of Set, or both, are using Gibraltar as a point of entry
into Ibe

SEVILLA

Sevillaiya landlocked province bordered by Huelva
to the west, Cadiz to the south, Cérdoba and Malaga to
the east anxl Christian cerritory to the north. The city is
magnificent and, as the seat of Almohad pos
place of much learning and culture. The Gu
rough the center of the province, providing
for che growing of cercals, yrapes, sunflowers
and olives. The Sierra Morena rises in the north. In the
extreme southeast lie the Serrania de Ronda highlands

Tue C

The site of Sevilla was occupied by Iberians,
Phoenicians, Carthaginians and Romans, all attracted by
the silver and copper to be found in the mountains to the
north. The Moorsconquered the city in 712,changingthe
name to Ishbltyya. In 1031, the city repudiated Cordoban
authority and became aaifa kingdom. Congueredby both,
the Almoravids (1091) and the Almohads (1146), the
latter established Sevilla as their power base and from
there are trying to unite al-Andalus.

A densely packed city straddling the Guadalquivir
and dominating the cast bank, Sevill: s narrow
and twisting streets with many small plazas in the inner
city. This lack of large public spaces does little to curb
ver, who are

the enthusiasm of the population, hoi
well known for their love of festivals and celebrations.

Pourtics AND RELIGION
Scvillahas been a major power in al-Andalus since

the middle of the eleventh century, when Muhammad
ibn Isma'ilibn Abbad and hisdescendants, the Abbadids,
short order, they conquered the sur

rounding provinces of Huelva, Cérdoba and Murcia,
and the city became an economic and cultural center,
famed for its musical instruments, tiles and scholars.

The Almoravids took control of the city in 1091
The delights of civ their fervor
torebuild al-Andalus. U sufinamed Ibn
Qasi against them began in 1144, and two years later,
they were overthrown by the Almohads, who had been
asked by Ibn Qasiforassistance. The Almohads and Ibn,
Qast soon fell out; the mystic fled to Silves but was
assassinated in 1151

The Almohads have done a much better job of
maintaining discipline but their efforts have come too
late. The Reconguista has entered
the aftermath of the defeat at Las Navas, the Almohad
Amir Muhammad fled the battlefield. The city has
comumenced construction of the Torre del Oro (the
golden tower) to defend against a e attack, but
the mood in the city is sour. Defeat seems inevitable


Canire AFFAIRS

The Sultan of Sevilla is Gerushah bint Yoav
who converted to Islam after her death. Gerushah now
finds herself in a difficult position. Her conversion has
alienated the city's Jewish Cainites. Despite her loyalty
tothe Ashitra, she isnot fully trusted. The mortal amir's
perceived cowardice has severely damaged his credibil
ity as a ruler — a number of factions actively plot his
downfall, even as he emphasizes the need for unity
There are more than enough mortal conspirators, but
several Ashirra have also joined the fray.

Chicf among these is a cabal of Cappadocians,
normally uninterested in politics but now sorely con:
cemed that their interests in Italica, to the north of
Sevilla, will be impossible to maintain under Christian
tule, Their leader, Aliyyah, is a sad-eyed but utterly
ruthless Cainite with a taste for treachery. The other
faction is the militant Ashirra, led by an ambitious
Lasombra Reyham, but it is really a tool of Umar al-
Rashid, a powerful Assamite vizier who has been in
Sevilla since the Almoravids came. It was al-Rashid
who elevated Gerushah to the sultan's post, and it ishe

if he hasanything tosay about it — who will remove
her. Reyham believes himself to be the master of the
intrigue, of course, and converted to "his" cause Imam
Rida, the local religious authority within the Ashirra
sect. Unbeknownst to both these factions, Gerushah
has infiltrated their inner circles and has plans in place
to deal with them. An ancient Visigoth vampire lies

staked beneath the city's new mosque and Gerushah
will, if necessary, loose hin upon her enemies
ELSEWHERE IN THE PROVINCE

Six milesnorth of the city of Sevilla lie the remains
of the Roman village Italica. Founded by Publius

Coelius Scipius, it was the birthplace of Emperor
Trajan, Hicsuccescor, Hadrian, spent muchofhis youth
here. The Moors abandoned the town after floods
changed the course of the Guadalquivit. The remains
include an amphitheater that once seated 25,000 and
was the third largest in the Roman Empite, and a well-
laid-out city of around 60 structures. The ruins are said
tobe haunted by the spirits of the gladiators who fought
and died in the amphitheater. A number of

ipadoctans have moved in and are said to be search-
ing for the ghosts, The combination of vampires and
ghosts has kept mortals out of the ruins; the few who
venture there rarely return.

The major settlement in the east is Carmona, site
of two alcazars and home to a large Jewish population.
Astrongtaifa kingdom, there isalarge Roman necropolis
‘outside the walls, with over 1,000 tombs.

CORDOBA

The Cérdoba province is completely landlocked.
The center of the province is the broad valley of the

IBERIA, BY NIGHT

Guadalquivir, rich with olive trees

the city of Cordoba. Once it sat as the heart of Muslim
Iberia, the seat of a caliphate that claimed succession
from the Umayyads of Damascus. Now, although the
city still ceems with life, its glory days ate past.

Tue Crry or Cornopa

Located on the fertile plains of the Guadalquivir,
Cordoba straddles the river and dates back to the
Bronze Age. The Romans founded a city there in 152
BC. A major cultural center, the philosopher Seneca
and the poet Lucan were bom in Cérdoba. Both the
Vandals and the Visigoths overran the city. In late 711,
Mupueiz al-Rumi conquered it for Islam.

Once the greatest city in western Europe, Cérdoba
hhad dazaling mosques, patios, gardens, public baths,
libraries, observatories, aqueducts and a well-respected
school. Economically, the city flourished, both from
agricultural products and the works of its artisans (in-
cluding leather and metal work, textiles and glazed
tiles). The old Visigothic alcézar, now the seat of the
civil government, was abandoned by the Umayyads
when they moved to Medina Azahara (see p. 24). Lo-
cated to the west of the mosque, the alcdzar has been
fortified and ts linked to it by' a bridge. Cordoba'
mosque is the pride of the city, and successive caliphs
have extended and improved the structure (see sidebat)
The juderia, between the mosque and the western walls
of the city, isa labyrinth of narrow lanes and alleyways
Entered through the ancient Gateway of the Jews, @
‘number of plazas break up the narrow streets and serve
as meeting plac

In recent years, the city has fallen into disrepair,
and the population has suffered civil war, foreign rule
and economic hardship. The Almohads have b
program of construction and rer

by most of the popul:
ascetic lifestyle not to their taste.

Pourrics AND RELIGION

By 756, Cérdoba was the capital of al-Andalus. It
was for several centuries the center of Muslim culture
and learning, producing poets, scientists and philoso:
phers. In 758 ‘Abd al-Rahman I, an Umayyad fleeing
Damascus, established an independent caliphate. The
city grew under his successors, reaching its heightin the
early eleventh century under ‘Abd al-Rahman III, his
son al-Haken I] and the vizier al-Mansur.

From 1008 until 1031, the city was wracked by civil
war, with claimants to the caliphare regularly accack-
ing. In 1031 Caliph Hisham] abdicated and Cérdoba's
power was broken. In 1069, Sevilla conquered the city.
Itspowerasa cultural center remained strong, however.
In the twelfth century, the city produced the Muslim
scholaribn Rushd, better known tothe Westas Averroes,
and the Jewish philosopher Moses Maimonides.


In 1094, the Almoravids took the city. They were
supplanted by the Almohads in 1148 after a series of
uprisings. The new rulers have poured many resources
into the city in an attempe to restore its population's
confidence in the future of slam and strengthen
thecomingstort, butwi atatLasN:
fresh in everyone's minds, their task seems futile

Cainire AFFAIRS

TheSultanof Cérdoba, the powerful Hi
san Assamite w.

news ofthed

al-Masaari
> accompanied the first inva:
He has maintained his position ever

igious, but neither dogmatic nor a funda
his flexibility and his faith enabled him to

weather the storms of the fall of the caliphate and th

Tue Great
The great mo

sections, each representing a

pl al-Radn
in 785, locatin,
Visigoth chure

also meant that the mifrab faced

aL-Rahmar
both the Visig
reused, as

hand Roman structures wer
als, including marble, jasper and porphyry. L
pillars were buried to produce sur ‘ght
illy built to support the +
reminiscentofaRomanagueduct, withalt
hands of red brick and whit raling 1
arches a unique appe

Abd al-Rahman Il extended th
between 833 and 848, adding
south, A thied was
Hagim Il, demolishing the soutk

leader. The ce he mi
ab of marble. The

made during ¢

a single
me of
ukled to the east side. Thi

ymmetry of the building — the mik
mger in a central position.

‘o the north of the mos Patio

the faithful made

Almoravidand Almohad conquests with his power intact
The defeat at Las Navas de Tolosa has only confirmed his
suspicion that Islam is doomed in Iberia

Al-Masaari is not 2 hands-on ruler, however, so the
young have long heen able to gain influence in Cordoba
One of these isthe Assamite vizier Enam al-Dishag. She
arrived in the city two decades ago and has risen to her
current position of influence through a combination off
‘masterful intriguesand the genuine trust of the sultan. She
is desperately trying to preserve the peace and wishes for
thesultan to emerge to lead his subjects, rather than brood
Miriam bint Aisha, one of the most feared Magister
‘Cérdoba, may be behind the sultan's melanchy
been unable to prove it. The city also hasa large
population, many of whom share al-Dim
and support her.

ELSEWHERE IN THE PROVINCE

Four miles northwest of Cordoba lies the great
fortified town of Madinat al-Zahra, or Medina. Begun,
in 936 by ‘Abd al-R nor of his favorite
¢ walled city, holding 20,000
is aluent a unile long and 1 wide,
sprawling over three terraces. Al-Rahman's successors
also inhabited the fortress, but the city rapidly declined
after the death of al-Mansur. In 1010 the citizenry
revolted and the city was finally destroyed by Berber
mercenaries. The vampiric sultan of Cérdoba, Al
Masaari, now holds court in the ruins.

To the north is the Sierra Morena. Rolling farmland
planted with cereals gives way to wooded uplands rich in
‘oak, pine and deep ravines. A popular area for hunting
deer and wild boar, vultures and eagles, the uplands are
said to be home to a few Gangrel, but no mortal
landscape of rolling olive groves and vineyards. The
fortress town of Lucena sits at the feet of the mountains to
the east, guarding the approaches from Granada. It is the
domain of areclusive Lasombra named Rafiq ibn Har
‘Vampiric visitors enter t at their
with his blessing. The
mountains proper is Priega de 1a, noted for its
textiles (primarily silk). The steppes eventually give way,
in the southernmost reaches of the province, to the
limestone ranges of the Sistema Penibético, rife with
narrow valleys and steep ridges.

EASTERN
HIGHLANDS

The northem reaches of Sierra Morena highlands are
poor and sparsely populated, but rich in mineral wealth,
To the east lie the heights of the Sierra Morena. This
territory is langely under the control of the kingdom of

AL-ANDALUS


Granada. These regions suffer the same scorching heat
during summer as the Guadalquivir basin, but theit wi
tersare considerably colder, withheavy snowfallscommon.

MALaGA

The terrain of Malaga varies greatly. Inthe fertile inkand,
rivershave cut deep gongs through the mountain ranges and
limestone formations, and the Lakes are home to countless
uningos. The coxsline ismaxke up of gritty beaches an low
clifs. Malaga isthe langest port ane city while to the easis La
‘Azarquia, unconquered bandit territory

Tue Crry or MALAGA

Located at the mouth of the Guadal
broad bay, Malaga sprawls inland and enjo
climate with litele rain. Founded by the Phoenicians, who
planted the area's first vineyards, Mélaga became a busy
portduring Roman times, exporting minerals and agricul:
tural goods from the interior, Under Muslim

ions. The older of

lower, westerly end of the
hilldominating the centerof the city, wherethe surround
ing acaranda tres give the foteesablze of purple coloe
when in bloom.
The people of Malaga are known for theit lively,
and their fierce devotion to their cit
ditsinhabitants the kind of persec
tion and hardship brought by more strict rulers, it has also.
its loyalty somewhat suspect to its neighbors, who
keep aclose eye on the city

Pourrics AND REUGION

Berber generals took control of Malaga during the
dred it asa aia state
larly efficient nor enlight-

ied as Baghdad. With the

figs ended up as f
coming of the Almoravids in 1090, things changed. The

province's large rural Christian population suffered at the
hhands of he new rulers, who imprisoned the city' bishop.
The Almoravids ruled for less than a century before being
usurped by the Almohads, who imposed even stricter
religious policies
The increasing unpopularity of their rulers has made
the citizens of the province receptive to the idea of
tule, Even the Jews and Muslims ofthe city are
the heavy-handed ta
d they are all too aware of the damage being done

CaINtre AFFAIRS
A number of old Gangrel, Brujah
inhabit the rural areas of the' provin

IBERIA BY NIGHT

J Ventrue
content to

coexist with their Muslim and Jewish counterparts In
the city, the Jewish and Mozarab populations are undet
increasing pressure to convert or leave, and the result
has been a weakening of the city'sreadiness to meet the

ronghand in Malaga
and has sent emissaries to the city to pressure its own
sultan, the venerable Brujah muwallad Coman, whose
sire survived Carthage. Badr's uncompromising stand
on religious conformity threatens the security of his

city, however, and Coman is unwilling to risk his
domain simply ro assist the fundamentalists. The local

Ashirra are uncertain whether to support Bad of «0
npt to maintain their independence

ELSEWHERE IN THE PROVINCE

Some 30 miles to the northwest of the city of
Malaga, the Guadalhorce carves its way through the
Ga del Chorto, an onze almost three
miles long, 1,200 feet deep and as narrow as 30 feet.
Nearby is Bobastro, the hilltop fortress of Omar ibn
Hafsun, a notable bandit of the ninth century. The
fortress is now shared by Ashirra,

determined tohold out foraslongas possible against the
Christian invaders.

Envir (GRANADA)

Elvira is al-Andalus' most mountainous province,
with over half its area covered by Sierras, It has a
panhandle stretching to the border with Murcia, and is
home to towns such as Guadix, carved out of
rock, or Baza in the east, at the start ofa region of se
arid desert that stretches to Al-Mariyat.

The Sierra Nevada has the highest
Iberian Peninsula; oak and pine cov

slopes, but the upper reaches are Alpine pasture and
scree. Wooded valleys drain the mountains into the
main east-west river valleys.

Tue Crry ofr GRANADA

Granada sits at the easter end of fertile plain, in
the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, which rise in th
south and east. The first settlers on the site w
Iberians, followed by the Phoenicians, Greeks and
Carthaginians. The Romans established a town known
as Ilibris. The Visigoths expanded the settlement and
built city walls; during this period che Jews established
asuburb on the southern slopes of the Alhambra, called
Gamatha Alyehud.

The Moors invaded the city in 711 and named it
Kamattah. Controlled by the Caliphate of Cérdaba
until the eleventh century, the tafa ruler Zawi ibn Zi
established ida us the provincial capital. The city
has prospered under both the Almoravids and the

Almohads. It remains a thriving trade center,


Pourtrics AND RELIGION

Cérdoba ruled the province until the second de
cade of the eleventh century, when a Bether genera
Zawi ibn Ziti, cook the province and moved its capita
from the city of Elvira, an exposed plains settlement, to
the much more defensible Granada in the foothills of
the Sierra Nevada. The Zirid dynasty rapidly develo
Granada intoa major regional power. Zawi's somew ee
unusual policy of allowing capable administrators to
advance, regardless of their creed, led to the rule of a

uel ibn Naghrila. A senior civil ser-

the succession crisis of 1038

ing the death of Zawi) and successtully placed

ored candidate, Badis,on the throne. Samucl was

thede factoruleruntil hisdeath in 1056, whercupon his

son, Joseph, took power. But in 1066 a fagih, Abu Ishaq,

irred upanti-Jewish feelings in the city and Joseph was
killed; a pogrom followed.

The Almoravids took control of the city shortly
thereafter. With them came rule from Sevilla. In 1099,
they destroyed achurch and began harassing che Chris
tians; the days of tolerance were well and truly over. In
1154, the Almohads took the city, and religious intol-

erance reached a new height. Instead of unifying the
city under Islam, the Almohads fragmented the city's
tenuous unity.

Caintre AFFAIRS

Affairs in Granada have been a major setback to
the Ashirra in al-Andalus. The mysterious Lasombra
Sultan Badr so impressed the Assamites who arrived
with the Almohadsthey made nomove tochallenge his
rule. Badr expelled all Christian, Jewish and dissident
Muslim Cainitesin the city and began preparing for war
with great fervor. Bur such fanaticism has not served
the cause of Islam well. Granada isan important base of
Almohad power, but the Cainites' mortal followers
have actively antagonized rival factions, making it
impossible or the Almohads to unifyal-Andalus against
the Christian threat. And where the herds are divided,
Stoo are their predators.

In the aftermath of Las Navas de Tolosa, Cainite
(and mortal) morale has plummeted. Badr seems un-
concerned, but the local Assamites are divided on the
issue. Opposed to Badr's strict fundamentalism is the

er Farid, who calls for a more rational approach to
support the interests of Alamut. But the sorceress
Nazirah supports Badr, and her word carries much
weight among the Children of Hagim.

ELSEWHERE IN THE PROVINCE
Guadix, located almost 40 miles east of Granada, is,
situated on the Rio Guadix and is surrounded by fertile
farmlands. The town is said to have been founded by
Julius Caesar in 45 BC. Silver, iron and copper mines,
popped up soon thereafter. For their part, the Moors
‘tablished profitable silk industry, funding a wall and

an impressive gateway. An alcazaba, constructed in the
th and eleventh centuries, sits over the town. Red
ndstone walls and battlements surround an impres
sive central tower, giving views ar over the surrounding
terrain. The alcazaba is strong, but the locals are fea
of the Christians. Many localshave begun digging caves
out of the soft tufa rock of the surrounding hills

AALMERIA

Almeria is one of the driest, most remote and least
populated regions of al-Andalus, often reminding visi
tors of North Africa more than the rest of theria. The
interior has few settlements of any size, none of which
are shown on maps. The only city is Almeria itself.
srrounded by mountains, the region has long, hot days
with little humidity. The landscape shows some vari
tion, with barren lands broken by mountains and a
coastline featuring massive cliffs, remote coves, caves
and occasional dunes. Agricultural plots dominate the
‘extremely fertile coastal lowlands. Despite the clima
and sparse population, Almeria manages to be a net
exporter of agricultural goods, making the province
valuable and providing the locals some degree of wealth,

Tue Crry oF Arent

A portof considerable value on the Mediterranean
coast, Almeria had been controlled by the same close:
knit alliance of rural nobles since the days ofthe initial
Berber invasion in 711. Of the three families, the Al
Wadi and Al-Rimal were Arabs, while the Neves were
Mozarabs descended from one of the original Visigoth

miliesthat had ruled the area following the collapse of
‘oman rule in the sixth century. Controlling all the

arable lands around Almeria, the three families ensured
that the succession of governors dispatched by the
Umayyad Caliphate knew who really controlled the
city. Following the fall ofthe caliphate, these governors
took control of the city themselves and maintained
the face of disputes between the three familie:
Almoravids and the Almohads, thy
they had to swear spurious loyalty to the new invaders.

Whenunrest erupted followed the collapse of Almohad
rule, Almeria was unprepared for the chaos as th
families were in the middle of a violent inheritance dispu
over some valuable olive groves. So, w
mercenaries from the Abbes tribe descended on. ‘Almera,
the city was able to put up only the briefest of fights.
Despite the quickness of this defeat, most of the surround:
ingcountryside was devastated. Hundreds were killed and
any more found themselves sold in dhe slave markets uf
North Africa. The Al-Wadi, ALRimal and Neves were
exterminated or enslaved, along with all the other local
families who could not ransom themselves into a position
af free subservience to Almeria's new ruler, Bassam ibn
‘Coman ALAbbes.

AL-Abbesformed

-wrulingdynasty,the Abbesids,
and distributed che empty lands of the surrounding

AL-ANDALUS


aloet indi
werthreve, a conver

farmland
and the murder or
h community durir

B luck of g
unthreatened by the Christian
but eventually their

Cantre AFFAIRS
During the fall of Almeri

and the surrounding ¢
hheoderic Neves, the ¢
leves lord of Almeria, hai

his family for many years. When 1

n he joined
ing the lands nearby, reveling in
ed violence and destruct
leric settled down a

Jan, Uni
him without all


himself on the mercy of the invaders. He converted to
Islam and accepted the blood oath to the new vampiric
imam of the Cérdoba sultanate. Little more than a
slave, Theoderic labored for his new masters for centu-
riesuntil the chaosof the fall ofthe Cordoban caliphate
allowed him to work a long-wrought plan and slay his
master before he fled back to Almeria in the chaos.
Once returned to his old domain, Theoderic settled
down secretly and took control of the few other Cainites
in the city. With no other goal than a return to the
untroubled lifestyle and independence he had previously
known, Theoderic worked to keep Almeria out the gen-
eral disturbances atflicting the Cainites of Iberia. He
ignored the mortal conflicts that swepe the peninsula,
caring little for religion, politics or even the fate of his
mortal descendants. His own security was his only real

asathreat. He did nothing toresist

juest — indeed, it proved a useful screen
for the removal of a few Cainites whose growing power
hod worried him. Nor does he resent the slow decline in
thecity'sfortunes asthe Christians slowly cut off trade and
rmids despoiled the hinterlands. He has happily cut deals
sith hoth the Ashiera of Granada and the Cainites from
Aragon to ensure his continued power. He hopes to be
there when the Reconquista ends and the Ashirra who
once displaced him are gone for good.

East Coast AND
ISLANDS

Mediterranean coast of Iberia features major
port cities like Valencia, which was once home to El
Cid, and Cartagena. Both are on the front lines of the
Reconquista. Out to sea, and basically constituting an-
other region of the Muslim presence in Iberia, are the
Balearic Islands. in the Mediterranean off the
cast coast of the and surrounded by warm
waters, there are four main islands: Mallorea, with high,
wide cliffs and quiet, hard-to-reach beaches; Menorca,
with itsbeautiful beachesand hidden coves; Formentera,
with flatlands, beaches and rocky cliffs; and Ibiza, with
igsandy beaches and rocky shores. The mild climate is
marred only by the haking heat of suse.

Marcia

Murcia is without doube the most isolated area of al-
Andalus. Roughly diamond-shaped, the province 1s hot
and dry, cut off from its western neighbors (Castile and
Granada) by arid uplands and mountains, while to the
t lies the dry southern end of Valencia. The
province's only relief is its southeastem coast.
irrigation systems, including canals,
J aqueducts distribute the meager rain

fall. Agriculture is concentrated in the fertile valley of
the Guadalentin River, noted for its citrus crops and
wine production.

The Muercianos tend to regard strangers with reserve
‘oreven outright suspicion. The province has long been
subject to claims of sovereignty from distant states
such as Cérdoba and Sevilla), but the realities of
geography ensure that such control remains nominal at
best. The Murcianos tend to remain dismissive of such
claims; no matter which distant dynasty claims to rule,
life goes on much as it always has.

Tre Crry or Marcia
Founded by ‘Abd al-Rahman Il in 825 as aCordoban
dependency, Murcia is a small city straddling the Rio
‘Segura. Noted for its madrasa, the city has produced a
number of scholars and specializes in engineering and
animal husbandry. A large mosque lies just to the north of
the river, with the madrasaa few blocks further north. The
city quietly bustles; the combination of students and
merchants make for an atmosphere of sober efficiency.

Pourtics AND REUGION

The Cordoban Caliphate nominally ruled M
until its collapse, and d Lunder the conteol of
the Sevillian taifa state in 1078, Ibn ‘Ammar, sent to
rule Murcia, wasted little time in asserting his own
independence but he was betrayed by a member of his
court and forced to flee.

‘The next phase in the city's political life began in
1146, when Sayf al-Dawla, a Zaragozan nobl
with the backing of Alfonso, the King of Le
Alfonso decided al-Dawla wasn't a reliable ally, how
ever, so he double-crossed him and had his royal
emissaries kill him. Alfonso then installed his preferred
ally, Muhammad ibn Mardanish, as ruler. Styling
self El Rey Lobo (The King Wolf), ibn Mardanish
dressed, spoke, fought and ate as a Westerner and held
Murcia (and Valencia) against the Almohads until his
death in 1172. Since that time, the Almohads have
nominally ruled the province, but their geip is far from.
steady and Murcia remains essentially independent.

Caunire Arras

Ashirraarrived in Murciaduring theninth century,
primarily Lasombra and a number of Nosferatu, When
‘Cordoban authority collapsed, the vampiricsultan Yasar
al-Nahyan, a Nosferatu scholar originally from Damn-
ascus, wisely decided tosimply carry on asif nothing had
happened. The Lasombra of Castile arrived when their
mortal ally ibn Mardanish took control of the city in
1146. Al-Nahyan convinced the Lasombra

that he should remain as sultan but offered

arrived
astile

independent for another 26 years, until the Assamites
winced the Muslim Lasombra Omar al-Aziz, the


+ to acton their behalf. Al never

enentirely comfortable withhissultan'smaneuverings
and was easily convinced that the city would better
serve [slam under a more righteous ruler.

The Almohads took the city in 1172 and al-A:
asassinated al-Nahyan, becoming sultan in his plas
Hisfirstact was to execute Ermengol. Thisexecution of
a Lasombra ambassador by a Muslim clanmate, without
so much as consulting the Amici Noctis, is one of the
indignities that has led to that august body supporting

in Iberia (see p. 85). A number of

some to the city, but they keep a low

the sultan from the shadows. Their

threat to the local Cainites and

reachery. Al-Nahyan'ssurviving

allies have approached the Castilian Lasombra, hoping

se. The Assamitesare aware that

these communicationshave taken place, buthave so far
been unable to find the culprits.

ELSEWHERE IN THE Province
The only other major town is Cartagena, an impor.
tant port city founded by Iberians, conquered by
Hasdrubal and expanded by the Romans. It is now an
independent emitace 3 ipbuilding
with agricultur yplementing its
economy. A numberof Gangrel, loyal tothe Almohads,
make theirhome in Cartagena, asdoseveral Assamites,
who monitor comings and goings in the port.

‘VALENCIA

‘The province of Valenciastretches from Vinarozin
the north (some 200 miles south of Barcelona) co
Torrevieja in the south (some 50 miles east of Murcia).

Throughout the region, the countryside is dotted with
fortifications, many of which are currently under hasty
repair, many more of which are in dire need of it. North
of Valenciaisthe Costadel Azahar (the orange blossom
coast), a green and mountainous region of orange
plantations and old Roman settlements. The city of
Sagunto, only 15 miles north of the provincial capital,
has been settled since the fifth century BC. The Ro-

ns rebuilt it (as Saguntum) and the inhabitants still
make use of their structures.

Tue Crry oF VALENCIA

Valenciaisan important seaport, yingonabendin
the Turia River some two and a half miles from the
ocean, almost exactly halfway down Iberia's east coast.
‘TheRomans, following Greek and Carthaginian settle
ments, founded Valentia in 138 BC. The Romans
established the town as an agricultural center, cot
structing irrigation systems and laying the foundations
for the region's later reputation as the fruit and veg-
etable basket of Iberia. These systems wouldbe expanded
and improved under Arab rule

IBERIA, BY NIGHT

When Rome collapsed, the Visigoths moved in, but
they were in turn displaced by the first wave of Muslim,
invaders in 711. Delighted with Valencia, the Mustims
developed the city's economy. Valencia soon becamea
rich agricultural and industrial center, noted for its
ceramics, paper, silk, leather and citrus fruits. The city
itself is somewhat drab, however, with no spectacular
mosques or monuments. This is more than made up for
by the exuberance of the Valencianos. A generous mix
of Christian, Mozarab, Muslim and Jew, they are
brant and friendly, lifting the mood of the city with
their reveling, keeping the masters of the city (mortal
and immortal) on theit toes.

The center of the city is a market and meeting I
place. The city's mercantile districts surround the plaza
to the east and west. Thursdays see the Tribunal de lat
Aguas (the court of waters) at which local farmers
resolve itrigation disputes. Tothe south ofthe city isthe
industrial quarter. Across the river, to the east and
northeast lie the houses of the wealthy and powerful;t0
the north isthe oldest (and poorest) quarter of the city.

Pourrics AND RELIGION

Valencia has always been a profitable, energetic
city. But prosperity has led to idleness — the city's
leadersgrew somewhat lax during the eleventh centut.
In 1095, Rodrigo Diaz, the Castilian adventurer better
known to history as El Cid, conquered Valencia. He
held her until his death in 1099 and his successors did
so until 1102 .

Upon Diax's death, the city was unable to stop the
advancing armiesof the Almoravids and the Christians
were put to flight. Their Islamic revival was short-lived,
but the city has not fallen prey to corruption and
indolence like some others. The proximity of the Chris.

tians (and the lessons taught by El Cid) guaranteed the
rulers' vigilance The Almoravids were unable, how:
ever, to prevent the ascendancy of Mubammad ibn
Mardanish (El Rey Lobo), who with backing from both
Castile and Aragon seized control of Murcia and
Valencia in 1146. Ibn Mardanish kept his enemies at
bay until his death in 1172, whereupon the Almohads
quickly established control, which they have main-
tained ever since, treading a careful path between their
rivals and enemie:

Cannire AFFAIRS

‘Valencia grew into a Cainite center under Muslim
tule, attracting a mix of Assamites and Lasombra, with
a scattering of others, principally Nosferatu, Toreador
and Gangrel. The Ashirra of Valencia were not dis-
placed by the Lasombra who supported El Cid; they
accepted the rule of their new prince with little com-
plaint, as directed by their sultan, the Malkavian,
Abdullah the Wise. El Cid died in 1099, and the
influence of the Christian Lasombra quickly evapo-
rated. The few Ch pireswhocame to the city


with El Cid (mostly Lasombraand Toreador) either left
or made their peace with their Muslim brothers; those
who would not did not survive long.

When El Rey Lobo took the city in the mid-1100s,
a small group of Ashirra decided to take action. The

Ashirra religious leader, Imam Abu
Sultan Abdullah and condemned h
Death for his complacency under Christian rule. The
Malkavian managed to escape and has not been seen.
since. All Cainites in the city were na choice —
defend Valencia against any further Christian incur-
sions or face execution. To the surprise of the new
sultan, mostof the city's Christian and Jewish Cainites
agreed todefend their ity under his guidance. When El
Rey Lobo died, the Cainites quietly welcomed the
Almohad Cainites into the city. Al-Fulanihasdeclared
that the faith must be renewed and has set about
restoring orthodoxy. His advisors direct his energies to
the defense of the city against the Christians, who are
clearly on the verge of a major campaign, but Abu sees
himself as imam first and sultan second.

Into this volatile mix, Abdullah the Wise has
secretly returned. He has secured the loyalty of a few
senior ‘alim (Islamic scholars) among the Ashirraand is
planning to return the city to its formor prosperity.
far, he has met with limited success, but adding to his
‘woes is the discovery of hishaven (in nearby Sagunto)
by the Gangrel Shabago the Nubian. He has not
revealed his presence yet and is considering how best to
use the information.

BLseWHERE IN VALENCIA

To the South, the terrain becomes steadily more
acid, while inland the mountainous terrain of El
Maestrazgo is dotted with ancient pueblos perched on
rocky outcrops and ridges, populated by hardy miners

and herders. In the Maestrazgo's southern comer lies
Morella, one of Iberia's oldest continually inhabited
towns, ahilltop fortress with a castle enclosed by a wall
overa mile in length, Itis home toa number of ancient
Nosferatu and younger Gangrel, none of whom have
any interest in religion — only survival.

BALEARIC ISLES

Settlements in the Balearics date back to at least
5000 BC and were regular ports of call for Phoenician,
Carthaginian, Roman and Visigothic traders. The in-
habitants lived in stone houses and manufactured

pottery, tools and jewelry. The Muslims, in turn, con-
quered the islande. The inhabitants took ro the culture

The four main

Menorca, Formenteraand Ibiza

have each retained their own character and the only
‘major city — Palma, on Mallorca —remainsan impor-
tant outpost of the Muslim faith. Summers are hot and
dry, winterscool and wet. Fish jinsan important

activity forall the islands, as do the traditional crafts of
pottery and jewelry

Pourics AND RELIGION

‘The Balearicshave always been somewhat removed
from the mainstream of Cainite polities, Christ
Muslim alike. The Moors conquered the isles very
in their campaigns, and the governors have long ¢
joyed avery relaxed lifestyle. Indeed, a close-knit series
of Arab merchant-noble families, the Abu-Kalifa, Al-
Myrani, Al-Tikriti and Al-Ubaiyidh, dominated the
Balearic Islands right from the initial Islamic conquest
in 720. In 1015, Mujahid al-Auniss conquered the isles,
which he ruled from Denia, on the coast of Valencia.
His son, Ali, continued the rule, but the Almoravids
snapped up the islands and held them until as recently
as 1203, when asmall Almohad force finally succeeded
in bringing them to heel.

Throughout these conquests, the merchant-nobles
paid lip service to their new rulers and continued theit
lives largely undisturbed, their wealth and isolation
allowing them to bully and dominate local officials and
dowhat they liked. Butthisarrogant and often thought
less independence has isolated the islands, and constant
raiding of Christian commerce in the eastern Mediter-
ranean made them prime targets for Christian reprisals.
Apart from raiding, the merchants of Mallorca pay little
heed to the actions of Christians because their trading
network is part of the wider Islamic world. They have
ignored the growth of Christian power and refuse to
support Almohad attempts to build up naval forces on
the islands to counter the King of Aragon's advances
along the Iberian coast.

Despite the reversals in al-Andalus proper, these
are good years on Mallorca, even considering the
Almohad conquest. New villasfor the noble-merchants,
new mosques and a massive new sug are the most
obvious signs of a wealthy and successtul Islamic trading
community. A thriving trade in olive oil and cargo
looted from Christian ships pays for all the building
projects, cultural endeavors and the luxurious lifestyle
of the nobility. The various Almohad governors are
increasingly powerless, though the noble-merchants,
are happy to use the impotent officials to run the
today busines of the blands. This does not include
spending money on defenses or the militar
nobles worry about coups led by the mercenaries who
would be necessary to man new walls and warships.

Eventually King Jaime of Aragon, backed by naval
forces drawn from every Christian port in the eastern,
Mediterranean, will fel strong enough to challenge the

tes of Mallorca in 1229. In doing so, he calls the
Buff of the noble-merchants, and the slands prove

almost completely defenseless against the massive Chris:
tian fleet. Some nobles will flee before the Aragonese
advance, but those less fortunate are able to ransom

AL-ANDALUS.



Matorca

The Sierra De Tra dominates the north
west coast of Mallorca. A region of great beauty, the
coast is replete with olive groves, pine forests and small

lages. In spring, its wildflowers attract the wealthy,
but for most of th he locals are left to their own,
devie coastline is rugged, a string of sandy bays
and open beaches. Rocky cliffs line the southern coast.
The center of the island is a flat, fertile plain studded
with agricultural settlements and workshops.

Palma de Mallorca is the istand's only city, an
attractive sprawl of cobbled streets; broad, tree-lined
boulevards; narrow, winding laneways; and churches,
mosques and synagogues. The main mosque sits back
from the ports proper, behind asmall park. A bathhouse
is only a few minutes' walk to the east — a series of
underground chambers with domed ceilings supported
by columns. Anadjacent courtyard isa popular spot for
the city's wealthy and powerful co relax and discuss
business. Sultan Jasmin makes her headquarters in an
old Christian chapel on the outskirts of the city.
Cainrre Areas

‘The vampires of the Balearics enjoy their isolation
from the mainstream of Cainite society, forming a
motley collection ofhermits, eccentriesand misfits. All
fourislandsare supposedly wit nofSultan

sorceress of Almobad
origin, She had managed to reenergize the faith of the
isles' Ashirra, bueshe k
them to appr

been less successful in getting
ciate the Christian threat. They simply
donot believe that the Reconquista will affect them. In
this they are most certainly wrong.

Jasmin has cultivated a friendship with Julius, the

ancient Gangrel who roams Ibiza. But Kassib, the leader
of a ribar (Ashirra war band) secretly established on

Formentera, envies the sultan's position and has falsely
reported to her that Julius has discovered their ribat. It

Jasmin has Julius killed, she is likely to lose an important
ally and alienate the rest of the locals. If she does not,
Kassib believes he'll be able to justify her removal to his

superiors. Unknown to Kassib, Julius has indeed discov-
ered the ribar and is trying to convince Jasmin that her
clanmate isadangerous fanatic, out to destroy them both,

Menorca
Menorca, the eastemmost of the islands, has a cooler

the island is
iin settlement, Mao,
d. The northern hi
ing green hills with a rocky
coastline. The southern half, flatter and drier, has a
.er const, with sandy beaches and high cliffs. The
‘sland's main products are cheese and leather goods,
Dotted with prehistoric ruins, the south coast features
number of cave systems, including burial caves that d
bck to the island's earliest settlements.

Taiz

Ibiza and Formentera are known as the Islas Pitiusas
("islands of pine tre ainfall,and
the island itself is harsh and rocky. In addition to the
pines, the island' sfarmers grow olives, figsand almonds.
The coast of Ibiza is a mix of sandy beaches and rocky
shorelines. The island's few unliving inhabitants in-
clude Julius, an ancient Gangrel who marched with
‘Caesar' legions and his companion, the sturdy Torea-
dor Zara, a poet entranced with the sea

FORMENTERA

Formentera is the smallest and least de
the four main islands. Predominantly flat and rugged
(some would say bleak), Formentera nevertheless has,
beautiful beaches with rolling sand dunes framed by
Jagged cliffs. In the island's central and eastern
‘a few farmers scrape out a living, but most of the island
consists of pine forests, salt beds and grazing land. The
remainder of the population lives in fishing villages
scattered along the coast. The vampiric population of
Formentera is made up entirely of a ribat of Ashirra
zealots led by the Assamite warrior neonate Kassib

AL-ANDALUS.



Give me, Raquel and Vidas, your
bands for promise suce
Theat you vill not beteeny me to
Oxistian or to Wloor.
- The Song of the Gid


Cainites exist in a state of shifting alliances and
balances of power. In other parts of Europe, powerful
Cainite lords may claim domain over entire regions
with confidence, but not so here. Elders do stretch
their ancient muscles, of course, but the rapidly
shifting borders of the Reconquista benefit those
more recently Embraced. Neonates and ancilla have
the mental flexibility aud drive to succeed in the
midst of war. They come to the fore much more than
their elders.
‘The Lasombra Sylvester de Ruiz holds the unof-
jal title of preeminent Cainite in the region, but
m is hardly secure. Indeed, the few other
Iders on the peninsula barely acknowledge
and the young more often pay lip service tohim
than actually follow any firm orders,
is thus more the story of individual princes and
, than of secure
factions. Among the Christians. the Lasombra Arch-
bishop Mongada of Madrid and the Malkavian Prince
Rogue of Pamplona cast perhaps the longest shad
ows, while the Lasombra Miriam bint Aisha, her
Sultan Badr of Granada, and the Assamite
vizier Umar al-Rashid do so among the Moors.
Nevertheless, there are some loose associations
that have prestige and authority, at least in name.

CLAN LASOMBRA AND THE
Suapow RECONQUISTA

‘The Iberian Peninsula is rotten with Lasombra
on both sides of the religious divide. Historically,
the Magisters have stood united against ou
and made a very solid claim for Iberia being their
domain. Indeed, internal differences have largely
been subsumed under the preeminent concern of
showing th, -ed in Iberiaat the Lasombra's

because of the large number of supposedly
devout Magisters on both sides of the conflict. Up

until the end of the eleventh century, however, the
clan maintained 1ts unity.

The fall of that fagade accompanied

blows to Magister unity. The first came at the

of the eleventh century, when the Amici Noctis
refused ro allow the Embrace of the great Muslim
leader al-Mansur unless he v

IBERIA. BY NIGHT

great general did not, and Ibrahim, eldest of the
Moorish Lasombra and al-Mansur's prospective site,
took some time to recover from the setback. Ibrahim
had long been a master of reconciling his faith and'
the interests of his clan, so when he withdrew from
a leadership position, the cause of unity couldn't
help but suffer. Indeed, the Muslim Lasombra who
rose to preeminence were Badr, a religious zealot
who rose to the sultanate of Granada, and Miriam
bint Aisha, an unparalleled schemer. In the mortal
sphere, the glory of the Cordoban Caliphate cal.
lapsed ‘and the chaos of the taifa kingdoms took its
place, encouraging opportunists on both sides of the
religious divide.

At the end of the century came the invasion of
the Berber Almoravids, who attempted ro return
order to the Moorish house. On their heels arrived
an influx of Assamites supporting their cause. Haqit's
brood had been present in Iberia ever since the
dependent emirate period, but the Almoravid inva-
sion seemed to signal a new phase in their
involvement. Umaral-Rashid, a powerful member of
che vizier caste, established himself mn Sevilla and let
it be known that Alamut wished to support the
Muslim cause as never before, and perhaps claim the
peninsula as its own. Despite Ibrahim's entreaties,
Miriam refused to take a strong stan: inst this,
preferring to use intrigues to duel with Umar, Even
worse, Badr emerged as a vocal supporter of the
Assamite-Muslim push. Christian Lasombra elders,
most notably Sylvester de Ruiz, whispered it was
time for the Clan of Shadows to put the Assamites
{and Moors) in their place.

The career of Rodrigo' de Vivar, known as Bl
Cid, against the Almoravids gave the Christian,
Magisters, especially the young, an example to look
to. Ibrahim blocked his Embrace as al-Mansur's had
bes but his legend ended up being even more
electrifying to Christian Lasombra than his unlife
could everhave been. Indeed, to this night, Lasombra
(and some others) dedicated to defeating the Moors
stand vigil at El Cid's woinb for a full day. The term
"Shadow Reconquista" came to vampiric lips soon
after El Cid's death, to mean the efforts of those who
had taken such a vigil. The decades after de Vivar's
death also saw the rise to prominence of one of his
companions, Tercio Bravo, taken under the shadow.
A Lasombra firebrand, he became an early leader of
the Shadow Reconquista and argued for the summary
execution of all Ashirra (Muslim Cainites) in To
ledo. Such a massacre did not come'to pass, but
Bravo remains a powerful and divisive figure.


Vict
Lasombra who are part of the

Reconquista spend a day in vigil atthe tomb of
El Cid, and swear not to rest until the M
have heen driven back tc h

Of late, the numb
herents to the Shadow Reconquista
particularly among the

the observance

cager to impress their ¢

+ vigil at the tom
Lasombra, although others who wish t
Reconquist.

so is usually seen

the efforts to push bac
Not all La

eration of de V

mbra are so happy with this ver
var, and certain Muslim Caini
calling himself

point of assaulting those Lasombra who stand
vigil. However, to complete a day's w
fully and faith full

Even more powerful, however,
Ambrosio Luis Moncada. A childe

Archbishop
Sylvester de
Ruiz, Mongada isa devout Catholic who calls for the
reconquest of the peninsula at every turn. Embraced
in 1153, it took him just a few decades

become
g Christian

This has much to do with de
but also with the Archbishop's
nada has

Lasombra in Iber

Ruiz's patronage,

own personality and ruthles

risen to be the political

quista, he has recruil
position. The Ve

of the

Jesigned to keep Bravo in his

Shadow Rec
strengthen his
warlord

Nasrasin is now the Shadow

Reconquista, a move
place, Many othernon-Lasombra have come to fight
under his leadership and seek out their fortunes on
the frontier, including Toreador entranced by chiv
alry and bloodthirsty zealots like the Lions of Rodrigo

(see p. 86)

So, by the 1170s, Lasombra unity in Tberia was
largely a convenient fiction. Magisters on both sides
paid lip service to the Amici Noctis when push came
to shove but faced each other at court and on the
battlefield. Even that pretense collapsed in 1172
when the Almohads captured Murcia from the
ilian vassal who held the city. In the shadows,

.e Lasombraal

i2 rose to the sultan's throne with

the support of Almohad Assamites by assassinating
sultan and a Christi:

ed ol. Al-Aziz committed the Amaranth

the previou » Lasombra envoy

of Blood, as is the Lasombra practice. When neither
Badr nor Miriam raised an objection, the Christians

among the Iberian Amici Noctis were outraged,

INsiDE THE Amici Noctis
The so-called Friends of the Night are the ruling

body of

tain supremacy in Ib

clan, and the efforts to main
ia have been high on their

asombs
agenda for several centuries. At its essence, the
Amici is the body of all those Lasombra who have
proven themselves worthy of full membership in the
clan. The group's members are often called upon to

ment on disputes between clan members,
set policy and form the infamous Courts of Blood
which grant permission for clan members to seek
Amaranth on others. Any members of the clan may
be called upon to serve as a Friend, although the

honor usually only comes after several decades under

the shadow. The

the clan can b

call to serve is the highest honor
ow on one of its own. The existence
of Amici is an

open secret among Lasombra, and

membe nmembers alike openly seek the
~The divisions in Iberia

ofthe Friends. The unauth

re thus a primary concem
ized execution and diablerie
of Ermengol, himself an Amicus, could not stand — the
Friends decided upon anew policy. The clan
called a blood hunt upon the diablerist al-Aziz, and the

Friends imposed a b

whole

n on any member of the clan,
Christian or Muslim, bringing any question relating

acrossthe Islamic world were unimpressed by thispolicy

d claimed never to have been consulted in the
diplomatic flurry that occurred mainly between Madrid
and Sicily. Yer, with the support of the Methuselah
Montano behind it (and through him, of Lasombra
himself), the policy became law

he intervening 40 years, the policy has

only further divided the clan. The Friends of the
Night rarely if ever sit in a great assembly. Instead

Over


Tu Lions oF
to the Atlas, the

From the Pyre
Lions of Rodrigo have

illars

one of the most violent and brutal groups of knight
in the service of the Shadow Re sta. rl
of the task they face, the Lions enjoy
work. They enjoy ita little

ne Cainit

heir bl
much accordin
who feel their piety is weaker th
battle. In their work t
n in close proximity t

their lust for blood an

a number of Caini
found diablerized in their havens, Still, the L
claim to prey i

the faith, and w

ly on heretic

pressing need fo
pushed the issue. The local

are well aware of the Lions' repu
willing to house

sandotherCainite
n, and few are
in their domains. The anar

chic way they operate does n

help,

y the fact that they claim they
J. He cannot deny the
but it does make the Lions alinos
impossible to control when unleashed upon af
More than a few elders have expressed the view
ifthe Lions should meet the Final Deatt
last battles of the R
way of disposing of

often frustrated
have no other leader but G
piety of it

ta, it would be a useful
Jangerou

outlived its usefulness

ends meet to decide matters that affect them

| then use couriers to consult fellow Magisters if

Muslim Lasombra

along
m Lasombra meet with other
> decide matters that concern

f the Night: the Chris
ind the Muslim Asdiga' al

This view seemed confirmed in 1

ns gathered in Venice to deba

were Tommaso E

Aragon speakit

Lucita
for the Amict, and Khadijah Saad
peaking for the Muslims in the clan. (For more

Bitter Crusade ch

* DEAL

e young are concerned, this

THe GRAYBEARD
sth

ind division remains the state young

f affairs. T

IBERIA_BY_NIGHT

us combination of

ned ancilla, all con.
d land
shoul soldiers. Onb

ho have proved their willingness to spill
n the name of the Lord oin the
ions. The rumors of attacks

are all too true

n Christian Cainite
wever, for the Lions have n
1 throw themselves int

Jid King Rodrig

for those who do t
last Visigoth monarch of Iberia. If
sc the gifts of their blood properly, the Lion:
od from them

nave had t
mewhat, but they still

thers d
problem in taking that bl.
the arrival of Sir Nastasio, the

¢ their behavio
manage to cut down a few cowardly dogs when
T hip of th
Muslim

as the band loses members
establishe

cilla Felip he Lions a

t, his childe Roy, and the Lasombra
Lions would be dismayed to kn

ulch and still serves the Moorish

members include

fight their battles in the Shadow Reconquista without

calling on the Amici or the Courts of Blood. Bu
in the shadows, the elders have come to a
Following the Fourth Crusade, Lucita of
Aragon and Gabriella of Genoa provid aed

deepe
Feports on rw well the Cainite Heresy took
had been a key problem. Wh

cessful as the diable

's more, the bi
furcia with a cadre of Assamite body
had to be done
Key players on either side of the divide, most
ably Ibrahim, Sylvester de Ruiz and Elieser de
Polanco, have brokered an agreement. Thisso-called

ensconced ir

graybeards' deal sets out the conditions under whick
the Muslim Lasombra of Iberia will accept the Chri

tian reconquest. It does not call an end to the

Shadow Reconquista or the opposition to it, but

outlines how Lasombra in good standing can main


tain their position when territory changes me
hands. The ultimate objective is to main}
g out Assami

In this way, de Ruiz hot

Lasombra in place while
others,

ify his domain across the peninsula
With the Christian victory at Las Navas de
Tolosa, the graybeards are in the process r

he peninsula.
although a fervent Catholi

this agreement to key players act
Moncad

braced in part to be de Ruiz's firel
n the

ment. Tercio Brav
it ourrigh

is willing «
against her As: shid,

Badr has pointedly refrained from commenting

THE ASHIRRA OF
AL-ANDALUS

Ashirra is Arabic for and it is the
name that Islamic Cainites have taken for them:

selves. The Ashirra form a very loose sect spread

across the Muslim world that promotes a belief th

ds out the promise of salvation to vampires
behavior based on the de
Hadith, as i
These includ

idelines for Cainite
\ds of the Qur'an and
preted by the wise men of the sect
ng the

the Qur'an, M
I purification of blood tha
and praying to
nerally keep
Many others feed
hey see fit, saying the cause of jihad outweighs the
in of blood-<drinking. Those Assamites on the Road
of Blood d
The sect is so widespread in the Islamic world
that the term "
used by vampires in Muslim land
are far

Ashirra,
practice
involves placin
Allah fc veness. These vampires
healthy herds from which to fe

the blood in a bow

restrain themselves at all, of cours

shirra" has become a generic term
for one another.
jore devout than

hers, of course, and
sin of

luminaries with some

There are a few influence
mut no one with anything approaching
on. Just as in Christian


religious leaders and teachers —
imam — but they are almost always watched by the
local sultan. If anything, these divisions are more
in Iberia than elsewhe:

(For more on the Ashirra sect across the Muslim
world, see Veil of Night.)

ReuGious LEADERS

For the most part, devout Ashirra across al-
Andalus go about their unlives as best they can,
looking to the local imam and their fellows for
guidance. In the nights of the Cordoban Caliphate
there was far more unity of purpose, but with the
waves of invasion and the unrest of the taifa system,
local interests seem to take precedence. There are
nevertheless two vampires who cast long shadow:
religious matters: Badr of Granada and Umar al-
Rashid of Sevilla.

Badr is thi
He has also

alous Lasombra sultan of Granada.
cen for himself the title of imam and

artial brand of Islam. Intolerant of
wd highly cognizant of che fact that the

fe winning their precious Reconquista,
he calls for desperate measures. He wishes co see all
the vampires of the taifas submit to his authority and
guide their herds to face the Christians with re-

preaches
fidels
Christians

very

newed vigor. Despite his proclamations of religious

fundamentalism and his title of imam, Badr is very
much a political animal and argues that the necessi-
tics of jihad justify suspending some of the niceties of
Muslim life. Thus his followers generally ignore
protections for Jewish and Christian Cainites, re-
strictions of feeding and other limitation:
Umar al-Rashid is a powerful Assamite vizier
who nests in Sevilla, Al-Rashid artiv
Almoravids ands responsible for the attempts by his
in to assume primacy of domain in Moorish Iberia.
He has made Rida, the Lasombr:
his pawn and religious mouthpiece. Rida calls for
stricter religious observance and a more subtle po-
litical maneuvering designed to weaken the
Christians with intrigues rather than the force of
arms. It was Rida who authorized the diablerie of

Ermengol, the Lasombra envoy to Murcia in the
1170s. He believes this w
break the Chris

a successful effort w
hold on the Amici Noctis. More
accurately, it was an effort by al-Rashid to break,

‘once and for all, Lasombra communication across
the religious divide

IBERIA BY NIGHT

Orner Lexpers

While Badr and Umar al-Rashid are the greatest
religious leaders in al-Andalus, they are hardly the
only vampires of influence. Among Ashirra, as among
mortal Muslims, it is often difficult to separate reli:
gious and secular power, and there are several other
vampires who still have a great deal of authority in
Moorish lands. At the height of Cordoban power,
the Assamite sultan Hilel al-Masaari and his
Lasombra advisor Ibrahim were the preeminent lead:
erson the peninsula. They hoth withdrew from the
scene at about the time the caliphate fell, Ibrahim
because he could not Embrace his chosen al-Mansur
and al-Masaari for his own enigmatic reasons. Both
are back, but with somewhat reduced authority.

Miriam bint Aisha also lurks in Cordoba, A
schemer and manipulator, she plays one taifa against
another in an intricate chess game. She has many
allies and is a rival of Umar al-Rashid, but she seems
not to have any plan for the peninsula beyond her
own amusement. Finally, there is Shabago the
Nubian. A truly ancient Gangrel, he is a friend (if
such a word truly applies) of Hilel al-Masaari, He
converted to Islam several centuries ago; this
prompted others of his clan to do the same and
become warriors of the faith, calling themselves
Taifa Gangrel. Shabago never issues orders or claims
domain, but the elders of al-Andalus pay him heed
because of his power and age.

THe APOSTLES OF
THE THIRD CAINE

The Apostles are an offshoot of the Cainite
Heresy that broke away from the See of Nod some-
time around the year 1000. Its leaders believed that
Narses of Venice, then Archbishop of Nod, was too
concerned with temporal matters and not enough
with the spiritual needs of his flock. Like several of
the mortal Catholic monastic orders, the Apostles
area reformmovement within theit faith. They hope
that their austere and simple ways can inspire other
Heretics to abandon the indolent See of Nod and
join them in preparing the way for the vampiric
Messiah to come.

This messianic strcak — some would say obsession
— distinguishes the Apostles from most other sects of
the Cainite Heresy. The Apostles genuinely believe
that the prophecy of the Third Caine shall come to pass
within the next few years. However, their interpreta-


tions of certain cryptic passages within The Book of the
Shining Blood are most unusual. In particular, they
expect the Third Caine to come from among the ra

of mortals. They believe that vampires cannot redeem
themselves; that is a task only mortals can perform
Thus, an exceptional person will appear among the
children of Seth. He (or she — the Apostles are not
explicitly adverse to a female savior) will reveal his
messianic status through signs and portents. Once
these signs are recognized, it falls to the Apostles to
grant this mortal the Embrace so that he or she may
assume hs proper place as the Third Caine — and
savior of all Cainite

The Apostles have interpreted recent events
across Iberia as fulfillment of Heretical prophecies,
and have established strongholds in the Christian
north, most notably in Navarre and Aragon. They
use the rugged mountains of these areas to hide
themselves and travel by ni
signs of their messiah's identity. The
convinced that the mortal destined ro become
Third Caine has been born and is livi
wrought only further convince these true believers
After all, does not The Book of the Shini
that "He shall come amid bloodshed and war, and
strife shall be His herald?"

The Apostles' faith in their twisted version of
the Heresy is unshakable, despite the best efforts of
the See of Nod to dissuade them from it. Their elders
lead lives of remarkable austerity, rejecting the opu:
ence and wealth that characterize mainstream
Heretics and their Crimson Curia. It's these differ
ences between the ancestral faith and that of the
Apostles that contribute to their righteousness. Theit
scriptures tell them that "The powerful He shall
destroy, but the humble shall be His servants, feast
ing at His side at the time of His coming." Can the
be any surer sign that the See of Nod has gone astray
from the "pure" version of the Heresy that the
Apostles represent?

The fall of Narses from the leadership of the
Heresy has not tempered their antipathy toward the
See of Nod one wit. This is in spite of recent efforts
by the new archbishop, Nikita of Sredets, to court
original schism for there to be any healing of the
breach. Moreover, many pious Heretics
cially in Portugal — view the Apostles as repr

faith of Caine to make inroads in Iberia. They view

Heresy Basic

ng purportedly Christian Cainites
not exclusively Lasombra, and a
thar thrive in certain parts of Europe, the Her:
y believes that Caine wasa being of spiritand
atter rejected by the physical Demiurge. Christ
amanity to the Embrace (and thus to Caine).
Heresy expects the corrupt physical world
end with the arrival of the Third Caine.
‘ording to some popular interpretations of
text, The Book of the Shining
wod, the Third Caine should have entered the
in 1206, will ren q arsand

Heretics
Although the Heresy is used cynically by
me as a route to power, there are a great
number of true believers within its ranks,
including both Cainites and ghouls. Up unti
very recently, the overall leader of the Heresy
(called the Archbish

elped manipulate the Fourth
ward Constantinople, fulfilling

ceance but putting the

is own. This has cost him dearly, and

1) has just divested Narses of his title and
granted it to the Tzimisce Nikita of Sre

(Bitter Crusade details some of these events.)

am Heresy is particu:

Fimbria isa Lasombra, he is dedicated to bring
ig about the advent Caine, and
allies not with other h his

coreligionists. As such, belonging to the hereti
I sect is fr ed upon by Amici Noctis.

and Heretics are liable to be punished or de

troyed iffound out. Archbishop Mongadale
ts to do so, although his influence in Por


Nikita's efforts at reconciliation as cynical and un-
worthy of the new archbishop. For their part, the
Apostles are no more well disposed toward the Her-
etics, seeing them as decadent servants of afalse god.

ORGANIZATION

The Apostles of the Third Caine or
selves much like any small cult, acting in secret and
hiding their existence from prying
their origins, the Apostles have a less hierarchical
structure than the mainstream Cainite Heresy. They
reject such structures as bemg untrue to the plain
words of The Book of the Shining Blood, which coun-
inst "bowing and scraping before one's
brothers." Consequently, it is illicit — even im-
moral — to treat any Cainite as superior to any
other, The Apostles believe there should be no
distinction between priest and believer. They recog:
nize only distinctions of age — the Apostles usually
defer to elder vampires in most matters. Even there,
such deference is not universal but only a general
rule. If asked about their unusual structure, the
Apostles are fond of quoting the pascage thar cays,
"You shall have no king but Caine."

When they gather to worship, they do so in a less
formal fashion than their Heretical counterparts
Religious services do not follow the Liturgy of
Childeric. Instead, they resemble impromptu blood
feasts in which vitae is exchanged between members
of the cult, sometimes resulting in ecstatic behavior
and visions. Indeed, the Apostles have a charismatic
bent, often manifesting unusual abilities and Disci-
plines as the result of their communal worship. The

Apostles point to these occurrences as evidence of
their favor in the eyes of the true God.

RELATIONS wirH OTHER Groups

Most members of the Apostles are Caitiff vam.
pires, brought up without a clan. Those who are not

iffs have rejected their clan associations and
have little to do with the traditional power struc-
tures of the Cainite world. Naturally, this is one of
many reasons almost every Cainite group or clan
treats the Apostles as pariahs. For their part, the
Apostles view this hatred as proof of their piety, for
The Book of the Shining Blood says "they shall reje
you and spit upon you because of your love for His
name." Thus, persecution has only made the Apostles
nore fervent in their beliefs — and more dangerous.

The Apostles have little to do with mortals.
Unlike the Cainite Heresy, they rarely admit mor
tals to their worship. Neither do they take them as
ghouls or servants. Those few they do initiate into

IBERIA, BY NIGHT.

their mysteries are usually well placed within mortal
hierarchies, whether ecclesiastical or civil. The
Apostles generally concentrate on civil hierarchies,
both because it avoids the attention of the maine
stream Heresy (which usually subverts the Church)
and because their interpretations of Cainite scrip:
ture tells them that the Third Caine lives as a great
mortal leader before his Embrace. Thus, they prefer
to use mortals whom they believe further their ef-
forts in identifying the man or woman who will one
day become their messiah,

As noted above, the Apostles are strongest in
Navarre and the Crown of Aragon (especially
Catalonia). They have a minimal presence in either
Castile or Portugal, as they are opposed in both
realms by powerful Cainites. In Castile, it is Arch:
bishop Mongada with whom they contend, while in

ibius Fimbria and other dogmatists of

n Heresy. In the case of Castile, the
Apostles have deemed it best to conserve their lim-
ited resources and avoid direct confrontation with
Mongada. In Portugal, however, a group within the
Apostles has done just the opposite by strengthening
their presence in the face of Heretical resistance.
This group, led by the Asturian Cainite Balesquida,
believed King Sancho of Portugal was the Third
Caine. His death just last year came as a blow to
them, although some of Balesquida's followers openly
wonder whether the kir
pave the way for his eventual return in glory. That
they know of no Cainite to have Embraced Sancho
only strengthens their belief

CurreNt CONCERNS

The Apostles believe the Battle of Las Navas de
Tolosa to be one of the very last signs of the arrival
of their vampiric messiah. If so, he or she must
already be born and living among mortals. Thus, the
group spends much of its time and effort attempting
tofind and locate the Third Caine so that they might
hasten his arrival and the end of the material world
that he heralds.

Unfortunately for the Apostles, they have no
clear criteria by which to determine the identity of
the Third Caine. The passages of The Book of the
Shining Blood to which thcy usually curn are remark-
ably vague, describing the messiah in only the
broadest terms. In fact, more detail is given to the
circumstances under which the Third Caine is to
appear than to the characteristics of the savior. This
fact has proven frustrating to the Apostles and is @
source of ridicule from their Heretical persecutors.

's death is merely a ruse to


Nevertheless, the Apostles have a le
tender to the messianic m

Aca

tories against the Muslims as well as his willingness
to break with Christian tradition as proof of his
future role. Of course, they admit thi:

is uncertain, which is why they

lengths to infiltrate the Aragonese gc ment

all the better to examine their putative messiah.
These efforts have drawn the attention of elders
within Clan Lasombra, who hav

King Pedro. Mongada's childe Lucita is perch
their most dangerous enemy at court.

Archbishop Nikita of Sredetz has ordere
entsof the Cainite Heresy to refrain
against the Apostles. He hopessuch a move might
the rift beeween the religious groups — and give the
Heresy more power. Naturally this directive divide
the loyalty of Heretical Lasombra, who must now
choose between their faith and their clan.

Balesquida's group instead looks to Sancho of
Portugal as a potential Third Caine. They point to
the Brujab support for hina, as well as the Fleresy
actempts to keep them out of Portugal as evidence of
their belief. Their disagreement with their fellow
Apostles is an amicable one, as both factions recog
nize the precariousness of theirsituation. Inaddition,
both know that it's always good to hedge one's bets
As the Reconquista enters its endgame, the future is
fir from certain, but che Apostles intend it to in
clude their ultimate victory.

Mortat Groups

‘There are countless mortal groupsand associations
with influence across Iberia. From the various Chris

tian dynasties to Mediterranean pirates and taifa emits,
they dot the landscape like trees and hills. But some
groups have a broader or more profound impact
asthe childer of Caine are concerned.

THE KNIGHTS OF SANTIAGO
The Order of Santiago, more properly known as
the Military Order of Saint James of the Sword,

emier military order of Chr

nally a small military brotherhood based near C:
inExtremadura, Legends within the orderclaimR.

King of Galicia, founded their brotherhood in 846, but
such claims are not readily accepted by outsiders


especially rival military orders. In any event, the origi-
nal purpose of the order was to provide safety to
pilgrims making their way to the great religious site of
Santiago de Compostela in Leon (see p. 51). Muslim
banditshave long attacked pilgrims, creatinga need for
protection that the order has filled over the centuries.
Sometime between 1164 and 1170, 13 knights
— one each for the twelve Apostles and Christ —
attached themselvesto the order of regular canonsof
the monastery of Sant'Eloi in Galicia. They prom-
ised ta give the monastery military protection and
adopted the rule of Saint Augustine as their own.
Those knights were wealthy men, possessing 20
castles among them, which they promised to use in
defense of pilgrims. In return for a share of any
revenues generated in their activities, the monks
agreed to care for any wounded knights and to set up
1 hospice for pilgrims. This agreement was formal-
ized inl175. The master of the knights, Don Pedro
Ferndndez traveled to Rome, where Pope Alexander
IIL received him and formally approved the order
Upon obtaining papal confirmation, the order
gained the immediate support of King Fernando of
Leon, who granted the town of Caceres to be used as

its headquarters. Eventually, King Alfonso IX of
Castile offered the order the Castle of Uclés, where
they established their principal seat following the

loss of Caceres to the resurgent Muslims. Within ten.
years of their founding, the order had founded hos-
pitalsat Toledo, Avila, Talavera and Cuenca, and in
1186, they opened a leper hospital at Villa San
Martin, They were also granted extensive properties
in Portugal, including the town of Palmella. As word
of their goad deeds and noble actions continues to
spread throughout Europe thanks to grateful pil-
grims, the order has gained holdings in numerous
other countries as well, some as far away as England
and Hungary

Like the Templars and Hospitalers have else-
where, the Order of Santiago has acquired extensive
feudal powers throughout Iberia. When acquiring
new estates, whether by gift or conquest, the order
typically establishes some kind of defensible by
ingsand, in larger towns, builds substantial fortress.

‘They dedicate the area immediately surrounding the
fortress to food production so that the knights can

support themselves during a siege. The larger for-
tresses tend to attract peasants and laborers who
construct villages in the vicinity. In this way, the
order becomes an even more powerful feudal lord.

IBERIA BY NIGHT

us grants to the order are usually on
ss bordering Muslim settlements, Insome

ings grant them in exchange for towns of

castles the order holds that are now situated wel
behind the lines. To help support the order, royal
grants are sometimes also made of monopolies of
other forms of income, such as control over minesor
other natural resources. It is not uncommon for the
order to be charged with resettling Christians in
formerly Muslim lands. At this they excel, as theit
strength of arms reassures colonists that their new
homes are protected against the Saracens, Conse:
quently, the order has earned the love and respectof
many Christians for this aspect of their duties alone,

ORGANIZATION

The Knights of Santiago make vows similar to
those of the Hospitalers and Templars. They are
allowed to marry, however, provided they remain
chaste within their marriages. Members of the ordet
agree to care for the sick and injured whom they
encounter in their duties. They are also agents of
convertion, bringing the Gospel both to those wha
have fallen away from the Church as well as those
who have never heard it, like Jews and Muslims

The head of the order is given the title of master
and rules over the Council of Thirteen, in recogni-
tion of the thirteen knights who began the modern
order. In his duties, a deputy — given the title of
grand commander — assists the master. The grand
commander is a member of the Council of Thirteen
renowned for his wisdom and skill at arms. A counell
of thirteen knights also rules each castle, one of
whose members serves as its leader. Some local chap-
ters of the order allow members of religious
communities (such as priests or deacons) to become
members. In such a case, these religious members
answer only to their own ecclesiastical superiors, nat
to the council, This is a source of friction in some

stances, and the practice remains rare,

Each of the order's castles has its own adminis
tration, subordinate to the local commander, with
groups of knights, sergeants and foot soldiers. Be-
cause each of Iberia's monarchies attempts to curty
the favor of the order, it has acquired lands and
castles thioughout Uke peninsula. Unfortunately,
this isolates many such fortifications from the cet
tral leadership, contributing to divisions within the
order. Because of this, decision-making is often slow
and ponderous — and the order is thus more easily
manipulated by outside forces.


Current CONCERNS

The order's tendency to play one kingdom against
another is becoming more and more ofa liability. The
rivalries it has profited from remain the chief reason
the Reconguistahas not yet completed its task of driving
the Muslims from Iberia. Worse still, the order has
occasionally served the political interests of one ki
dom against those of another. For example, in 1176 the
{nights joined the King of Castile against Sancho VI
King of Navarre. This action gave the Almohads an
opportunity to attack Uclés, whose battlements they
seriously damaged in the attack.

When Master Fuentes died in 1184, the order
almost dissolved under the weight of its members'
divided national loyalties. The knights in Leon fell
under the sway of King Femando and elected Don
Sancho Fernéndez as master of the order. Meanwhile,
the knights in Castile — encouraged by their king
elected Don Ferndindo Diaz. For owo years, this dispute
ravaged the order, as Castilians and Leonese promoted
their own candidates. Fortunately for the Order, the
Castilian Diaz withdrew his claim to leadership in 1186
and ceded the position to Fernéndee

In 1195, the Order of Santiago, along with the
Orders of Ci suffered a bitter
defeat against the Moors at Alarcos. Master Diaz was
fatally wounded, and many ofhisknights were killed

Soon thereafter, war erupted between Castile and.
Leon, and the order, which possessed influence in

both realms, was again forced by politics to elect two
masters, This second dispute ended with the accep-
tance of Gonzilo Ord6fer as sole master in 1203
But this hasn't quelled national ambitions within
{and around) the order. The knights fight as often
against other Christians (usually the Navarrese) as
they do against the Muslims. This trend has alarmed
amore traditional members of the order, who believe
ithas strayed from its original purpose of protection
of pilgrims and conversion of heathens.

CAINITES AND THE ORDER

The Order of Santiago is, for the most part, a
Society of human knights. Some are devour, some
ambitio yy are both in equal m
Most are free of the direct influence of vampires
Most, but not all. Indeed, young Toreador, Ventrue
and others entranced by the promise of chivalry and
flory have infiltrated the order, if not as knights,
then as patrons and advisors.

Vampires of Clan Lasombra also have influence
over some parts of the order. Prince Reynaldo de

Rubio of Compostela has the most direct power, and
several cabals of vampiric and ghoul knights within
the order owe him personal fealty. Reynaldo cooper-
ates with other prominent Lasombra to ensure that
the order continues to receive the approbation of
Iberia's many kingdoms. These courtly manipul
include in their number Lucita of Aragon in Lérida,
Reynaldo has been frustrated by the national rival
ries that regularly thre egrity

Some enthusiastic Brujah arealsotied totheorder's
holdings and hope that the knights might be insiru-
ments in ushering in a new age upon the peninsula.
Demesio, a Brujah knight whoonce served in the Lions
of Rodrigo, is a notable example of this trend. He and
some fellow vampiric knights have taken to guarding
the pilgrimage route to Compostela and have made
ghouls of several mortals within the order. Reynaldo de
Rubio is keeping a weary eye on him,

THE Sworb OF St. JAMES

The Knights of Santiago are not the only ones

taking inspiration from the legends of the Apostle
James. The Sword of St. James is a group of Christian
men dedicated to the rooting out of supernatural evil
wherever they find it. Rodrigue de Navarre, an Iberian
nobleman, founded the group after he inadvertently
stumbled upon the existence of the Cainite Heresy
Stunned by this revelation, Rodrigue decided to learn,
more about the Heresy. He spent several years, bein:
ning in 1190, looking for further proof that "creatures,
of the night" (as he calls Cainites) did in fact exist and
that they acted behind the scenes of Christendom. His,
investigations have taken him far and wide, where he
has collected a great deal of evidence that unholy
monsters use mortal men as pawns for their own foul
purposes. In fact, his experiences during the disastrous
Fourth Crusade added further proof of his fears — and
steeled his resolve. (For more on Rodrigue during the
Fourth Crusade, see the chronicle supplement Bitter
Crusade.)

Since his time with the crusade, Rodrigue has
shared his concerns with a few others whose opin
ionshe could trust. When they toobecame convinced
that he had uncovered genuine evidence of a dark
conspiracy beneath the surface of Christian Europe.
they joined him in his quest. With these fir
ers, Rodrigue created the Sword of St. Js
guettillaarmy in the war against darkness. They look
to the legendary exploits of St. James the Greater as
an example of what they hope to accomplish. Just as
St. James aided Iberian Christians by defeating the

ren the order's i

follow-


invading Moors, so too does the Sword wish to do
against the bloodsucking monsters that plague
Christendom.

In its efforts, the Sword of St. James suffers from
two related problems. The first is that most of its
members have never encountered a genuine Cainite
Only Rodrigue and his earliest followers — those who
accompanied him on the Fourth Crusade — have any
directexperience dealing with vampires. Consequently,
their knowledge of the enemy is largely theoretical,
gleaned from observation and snippets of blasphemous
tomes, such as The Book of the Shining Blood.

This lack of experience almost cost the Sword
dearly in 1209, when Xalbador, a childe of Roque,
the prince of Pamplona, became interested in their
activities. Although demented, Xalbador was nev
theless a keen observer of human nature. He
recognized unusual patterns of activity among
Rodrigue's followers, leading him to suspect the
existence of the Sword of St. James. Unfor
the Malkavian allowed his curiosity to ge!

act that led to his Final Death at Rodrigue's
bador is actually the only vampire that
Rodrigue has killed, but the Sword has destroyed
several ghoulsand other Cainite pawns, and has sent
two vampires into torpor. Like most witch-hunters,
they have no understanding of the distinctions be-

tween these types of beasts

Although
ability to get close to the Sword has led to the group's,
second problem: paranoia. After the young Cainite

Xalbador was a mere neonate, his

uncovered the existence of the Sword, Rodrigue
became obsessed with security. He now worries that
other vampires may follow in Xalhador's foorsreps.
Thus, the group keeps its contact with outsiders to a
minimum, ever fearful that a misstep could lead to
the demise of their entire undertaking. A great irony
is that Xalbador's sire is very much aware of the
‘Sword's existence — a fact that would undoubtedly
frighten Rodrigue were he to learn of it, For the
moment, Roque watches the Sword with amuse:
ment rather than concern. He has kept its existence
to himself and his closest advisors, as he believes
they pose a threat only to the foolhardy. Moreover,
the prince is certain the Sword will one day make
usefull pawns; there is no point in destroying them
prematurely.

At the moment, the Sword of St. James remains
a small and isolated group. Their paranoia grows
with each year, as does Rodrigue's instability. Yet,
they remain convinced that their mission is a holy

IBERIA BY NIGHT

one, entrusted to them by divine providence,
Rodrigue sees his initial discoveries as evidence of
God's call; he cannot turn away now that he has
heard it. Therefore, the Sword watches and waits, all
the while gathering the information that they hope
will change the face of Europe forever — ond tid
Christendom of these damnable night-demons.

ORGANIZATION

The Sword of St. James has yet to number more
than a few dozen people. Rodrigue de Navarre hand:
picks all members, selecting only those he consider
both trustworthy and useful. Both qualitiesare equally
important, since Rodrigue hopes the Sword can not
only survive in the face of Cainite opposition, but
defeat the dark menace as well. Emboldened by his
destruction of Xalbador, he sees no point in merely
gathering information; he seeks to use that informa:
tion to fight evil. Quoting from the Leuer of St
James, Rodrigue reminds his followers that "faith
without works is dead."

The Sword of St. James usually operates in small
groups, no more than two or three at a time. This
organization provides safety and ensures that thereis
always more than one group aetive at any given time
The composition of these groups varies, depending
greatly on the needs of its current mission, Thus, a
trip o thearchives at Barcelona might require some:
one skilled in the reading of Latin and Arabic, while
a meeting on the docks of Lisbon would require
someone familiar with the sea.

Rodrigue has gone to great lengths to seck a

ersity of recruits. Although Iherians — especialy
Navarrese — predominate, there are a goodly num:
ber of Provengal members as well. Rodrigue has also
recruited three Italians, a pair of Germansand a lone
Englishman. Theirskilisare equally diverse, ranging
from theology to engineering to linguistic:

To date, the Sword has lost only one of its
members co the Cainites, Rodrigue's old friend Zelipe
Berganza

RELATIONS WITH OTHER GROUPS

For the moment, the Sword of St. James has tried
to keep its existence secret. Nevertheless, Rodrigue
has made tentative contact with others who seem to
share his goals, both in Iberia and beyond, in the
interest of gaining his movement more resources.
These allies are usually people Rodrigue has come to
know in his travels, including many scholars and
priests, who give the Sword access to archives and
other records. Othershelpers are soldiersand knights


associated with military groups, including the Or-
derof Santiago. Rodrigue believes thatin the coming
battle, the Sword of St. James must be as sharp as
possible, Having allies trained in martial matters is
fone way to ensure this happens. Rodrigue does his
very best to keep these allies in the dark about the
existence of the Sword as an organ
and the extent of his own knowled
He views the death of his friend Zelipe Bergan:
1210 as a cautionary tale for the Sword. Berganzs
broke the group's silence by speaking of the de
struction of Xalbador to a priest in Barcelona. Not
and the priest were
ds of monsters.

ed movement

found dead — surely at the hai

Current CONCERNS
The Sword of St. James is dedicated to the elimi-

nation of the Cainite Heresy in Iberia. Since 1190,
Rodrigue has amassed a vast storehouse of informa-
tlonabout che Heresy, its beliefsand activities. He has
alsoidentified the locationsof several Heretical strong:

holds, including one in the Pyrenees. Armed with this
information, the Sword is preparing to draw out the
hidden masters of these strongholds and destroy them.
He is aware that the Heresy is rife with monsters of
many types — demons and their acolytes, most likely
though he remains ignorant of the full extent of
their power. Rodrigue worries thathisfollowers arestill
too inexperienced to combat them effectively, which is
why the question of military allies occupies such a
prominent place in his plans.
OF course, the Sword has accumulated enough
information to realize that the Heretics they are pursu-
larger species of evil. Indeed,
they have good reason to believe that Iberia's Heretics
are but an offshoot of a grand conspiracy that stretches
throughout Christendom. Certainly, Rodrigue saw evi-
dence of this while on crusade. Therefore, the Sword of
St. James must overcome its natural paranoia and seek
out allies if its goals are to he anything more than the
ravings of a few lone

ing are just one facet of



JI apter Sive:
¢ The Damned

Chat Onristians may not
seeit let therncomefoe ther

by night.
- The Song of the Gd


FA\ssAMITE

Naziran, SoRcERESS OF GRAN?
Background: It was another hot, dusty day in Jerusa-
Jem when Nazirah learned that her father, Gadi, had met
his death taking the Latin kingdom of Edessa from the
infidel. The coming of the Second Crusade only strength-
ened her conviction that he had died in the service of
God, and she decided to-abandon her old life and dedicate
herself to the destruction of the infidel
prayed for. One night, returning home from evening
prayer of her mother. She literally
stumbled christian soldier, wounded and liv
ing as a beggar. As she searched for a weapon with
which to dash out his brains, a shadowy figure de-
scended. Silence enveloped the scene and Nazirah
watched in horror as the Christian had his blood
drained, The silent killer then_tumed to Naz
smniled, and she could hear again. The monster told her
there were many ways of striking at the armies of the
cross Ifshe would study under the eyes of the monster's
masters, pethaps she would be found worthy of joining
them. Ifnot, she would be destroyed. The next day she
bid her family farewell, and following the direc
xiven her the night before, made her wi
Hagimn's brood. There she struggled to reconcile bonds
toward Hagim and duty co God, and threw herself into
het studies. After the Embrace, she became a formi-

dable sorceress, commanding spir
older than those of Muhammad's re
Nazirah petitioned to be allowed to travel to ak
Andalus, hoping that by immersing herself in Hagim's
plans for the peninsula, she would be able to serve both
her master and herGod and find the balance shesou
Arrangements were m er
she arrived in Granada. Na: if to a
1 Sultan Badr, the city's devout leader, She
spent several years assisting the sultan, driving out any

non-Ashirra Cainites from the city and rooting out
Bad's rivals. She performed her duties well, but always
felt uneasy when called upon to act against her fellow
Muslims. Once the sult hold on Granada seemed
secure, she withdrew from nightly activities to study the
sorcery and society of al-Andal
In the intervening decade, she has come to (v0
heart-wrenching realizations. The first is that God is
aramount in her life, not Haqim. The se d is that
Iberia isultimacely doomed. These
ons have put her at odds with the Assamite
in Theria, especially Sultan Hilel al-Masaari of
2érdoba, whom she blames for having not taken a
vantage of thé ntum the Berber invasions brought
to Muslim Spain, She hopes to preserve wh
Moorish Spain, first by collecting the occ
of the region, and second by supporting a Muslim state
that might hold fast against the Christian tide, She
believes Badr's Granada might well be that state but is
animal, willing ro

nd powers fat

very much aware that he is politi
compromise his faith for continued power. She quietly

o0ks for other Ashirra who might stem the tides of fate,
Image: Nazirah is a short, lithe young woman, hand-
someratherthan beautiful. Her movementsscemawkw
and jerky, almost uncoordinated, but she has never been
seen to stumble or accidentally bump anything. She
generally adoms herself in plain black robes of excellent
quality; on the rare occasions when she must dress foe
physical action, she wears a baggy blouse and trousers and
a carefully wrapped headscarf, all in black
Rolepl: x Hints: Y. inderstand the need for
strong action and unity, but you feel uncomfortable
Killing other Muslims. This, you believe, tells you that
your first loyalty is to God, not to Hagim. You are
certain that sooner or later, you will be forced to make
your choice publicly. You dread that day, and pray
htly for the strc th to be true to your convictions
when it comes.
ranada proper. She takes great comfort
ing in (actually, under) a house of God. The
ith of the Mosque causes her continual discomfort,
but she sees it as a (spiritually) comforti
that God will still allow her in his house. This nightly
test of her endurance affirms her continued worth. The
mortal artendants are aware of her and her nature, at


first serving her because they thought her a messenger
of Gabriel. Now they serve her as ghouls.

Secrets: In the course ofher investigations, Nazirah
has been privy to the machinations of many Taifa
Kingdoms. She has also spirited away a healthy store of
occult texts and artifacts across the frontlines.

Influence: Nazirah has a healthy network of con-
tacts among Iberian sorcerers and mystics. Most are
unawate of her true nature; those who are tread care-
fully. Among Cainites, she isoncoftheleading Assamite
sorcerers in lheria and has made close associations with
many other occult scholars in Al-Andalus, including
the Cappadocian Aliyah and the Lasombea Tbrahim.
Her association with Badr gives her additional political
influence in the

Destiny: Nazirah will be horrified by the fate of
Islam in Iberia, blaming it on the faithlessness of the
Ashirra. Her convictions are only strengthened by the
survival of Granada as an Islamic state until the late
fifteenth century, She leaves [beria in the thirteenth
century and is active in Asia Minor for decades before
returning to her beloved city, where she is destroyed
fighting against the Christians as they complete the
Reconquista in 1492.
Clan: Assamite (sorcerer caste)
Sire: Malik al- Wali
Natures Autocrat
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1151
Apparent Age: early 20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 3, Ride 2,
Stealth 4
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 3, Law 2,
Occult 3, Polities 3
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Quietus 2, Assamite
(we Libellus Sanguinis 3 or simply use Thi
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Mentor 4, Resources 1,
Retainers 2, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road:

illpower: 7

Hien AL-MAsaar}, SULTAN OF C RDOBA

6th generation warrior, childe of Pelagon

Defender
anor: Autocrat
Embrace: 580
Apparent Age: late 30s

Ashirra courts

Jeaven 5

One of the first of Hagim's brood to convert to
al-Masaari was a great proponent of the early
quests. He led the Assamite effort to use
that wave of expansion to displace or subvert the
interests of other clans across the region. Said to be
undefeated in battle, and once the favorite of the
warrior caste's caliph, al-Masaari fell victim to politics
and intrigues. Stalking through the shadows around the
early Umayyad Caliphates, he followed the conquest to
Cérdoba, from which he hoped conquest would con,
tinue north across the Pyrenees and into the European
mainland. Fatedid not have such things in store, and al
Masaari became sultan of a grand Muslim city that
suited his warrior's spirit not in the least
Unable to surrender his claim to domain without
opening himself roattack from enemies within Alamut,
al-Masaari has been something of an absent ruler, For
of the last few centuries, he has been seen only by
the warriorsof Cordoba. A series of viziers have ruled in
his place. For some of that time, al-Masiari has been in
the field, using the Almoravid and Almohad invasions
ascover forhis own martial forays north. But seemingly
before their drives were even begun, those Berber
dynasties rotted and imploded. Now, al-Andalus is a
south at an alarming rate. Leaving his domain to be
taken is still out of the question for the sultan, so he
prepares to come out of retirement and fight a last
terrible hartle


Car at-Rasui, ALMoHAD PuppeTEER

7th generation vizier, childe of Benoa

Natur t

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 992

Apparent Age: late 40s

Once a qadi (Islamic judge) in Egypt, Umar moved
west early in his unlife to the Atlas Mountains and the
Maghrib. There he saw the potential of the fundamen.
talist fervor among the Berbers and decided to use it to
both spread the influence of Alamut and raise his own
profile. There had long been an Assamite presence in
Iberia, but hardly an overwhelming one. But when the
Cordoban caliphate collapsed, Umar set about chang.
ing all that. He convinced others in Alamut that the
Almoravid dynasty hada great futureand would restore
thefiercespiritof Iberian Islam. Asthe Berbers invaded
Iberia, they unwittingly brought a wave of young
Assamite warriors along with them. Many of these
neonates met their Final Deaths, but others displaced
complacent Ashirra and Christian C: Soon,
Umar arrived in Sevilla with a network of clanmates
indebted to him.
take the sultanate for himself. Instead he supported the
converted Jew Gerushah bint Yoav for the post and
plied his intrigues actoss the peninsula. As the
Almoravids succumbed to the sedentary lifestyle, he

supported further Assamite arrivals with the Almohads
and gained further contacts and allies. For a few de
cades, it seemed that Umar was well on his way to!
the true pow: mong the Cainites of al-Andalus, [lis
only rival seemed to be the Lasombra Miriam bint
Aisha, who cast webs of influence as well and as subtly
ashe
Things could not last, however. First, Umar's great
sponsor in the clan, Alamur's high vizier Khaldun,
surrendered his position as caste leader to his rival
Rebekah in 1171. Since then, the Almohads have not
been able to rally the various Taifa against the Chriss
tians, and the Reconquista marches on. So stripped ofhis
best-placed allies and with his local
bling, Umar has had to tum to damage control. In
Sevilla, he has given support to the Lasombra who wish
to displace Gerusah, letting on that the current sultan
should take some of the blame for Almoravid and
Almohad failings. Among Assamites, he lets loose the
same rumors but also smears Hilel al-Masaari, the
ancient warrior sultan of Cordoba, Al-Masaari seems to
ng from his long isolation, but itis likely too
puration. All the while, be guards
wm hint Aisha, who is surely

jortal cover crume

late to save his r

Tth generation, childe of Pelayo
Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Fanatic
Embrace: 1030
Apparent Age: early 20s,
praced in the midst of the bloody battle with the
s when he was only cightcen, Felipe is the
1 thing to a leader the Lions of Rodrigo have (see
p. 86 for more on the Lions). It isn't intelligence or
tactical skill that causes the other Lions to follow his
lead, but rather his mindless fanaticism and taste for
blood. Thisartirude is wharar ied Pelayo, the founder
to the young warrior, Empowered by his
lipe has becc nic and
sive over the years, especially following Pelayo's
death at the hands of the powerful Muslim Gangrel
Shabago the Nub Madr 1135. Having
already d lerized older Cainites, Felipe is more pow:

erful in blood than many elders realize and is looking
forward to sating his taste for the vitae of other Cainites
in the battles to come

Roy, BuRNER OF Mosques,

9th generation, childe of Felipe
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Fanatic


Embrace: 1085

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Standing no more than four feet tall, Roy is often
tistaken fora child, though in fact he was fully grown
when Embraced during the siege of Toledo. Ie was not
an Embrace meant to mean anything; hissire Felipe was
merely creating shock troops to clear the city of its
Ashirra defenders. Against all odds, Roy survived. In
fighting those who had mocked and belittled him, he
found something that fired a sense of purpose and
fearlessness that woukl have surprised his old master
After Roy survived the fall of Toledo, Felipe and his
crusading band tracked him down and celebrated his
victory. They took to his fierceness and thought he
would make a perfect spy and scout, and soon he w:
‘one of their number. Roy has come to worship his sire
Felipe and follows him blindly, his constant praise
partly responsible for the Lions' leader's increasingly
‘egotistical actions

CAPPADOCIAN

AKEEM IRN Aliyyan,
HE LURKER IN THE CRYPT

Background: Jakeem al-Fulani seemed to have
been richly blessed by Allah. The son ofa very wealthy
merchant, he was born and raised in Cordoba when the
city was at the height of its power and influ
interest in scholarship bloomed
cine, philosophy and science atthe colle
with what he bad leamed, he spent several ye
Egypcexaminingancienttextsand debating with Copts,
Muslims and some who worshipped even older gods

His life took a sudden cur when his father took ill

akcem returned immediately, determined to nurse
him back to health. But his father had different ideas.
Heknew he was dying and he wanted his son to promise
to give up his dilettante lifestyle and settle down to
running the family business.

Jakeem was shattered by his father's death. All his
knowledge, all the science and medicine, all the years
ofstudying the mysteries of life, its origins and purpose
and causes had not enabled hirn to save the life of his
beloved father. The day after his loss, and over the
protests of his mother and sisters, Jakeem sold the
family business to his father's partners. He could not
bear to remain in Cérdobs and he hoped to spend time
with a suunbes of proninene natural philosophers who
had recently taken up residence in Sevilla

His desire to unlock the secrets of life was destined
to remain unfulfilled. Years of study bro
loses to his goal and he b
withdrawn, Only the prospect of debate, the discove
of a rare text to add to his horde, or the prc
practicing his skillsas.a surgeon drew him away fr

id he stu

apartments. Eventually, Jakeem's hope died, He real-
ized that life would not yield up its secrets. So he
changed his emy d began an intensive study of
death itself, hoping to unlock some hope, some clue as
tothenature of this great mystery. He began associating
th like-minded scholars, mystics and madmen, con
vinced that this time, he would succeed
Jakeem realized only when it was too late that he
had been guided to his dark studies. A. ghostly pale
woman had haunted his nights since he arrived in
Sevilla and one evening she came to him while he
worked at a dusty tome. Her name was A liyyah and she

was a scholar of Clan Cappadocian. In the years since

his Embrace, Jakeer has served as
for his sire, who has established
ruins of Italica north of Sevilla.
Ten years ago, Aliyyah sent Jakcem back to Cordoba
‘toscour the libraries there as the great city fell rom grace:
Free from her cloying presence, he has rediscovered his
own drive and established his own domain. He fears
Aliyyah has had him under some form of blood oath and

assistant and tool
brood in the Roman

togather tools to fight aga

has started
her. One major tool isa new
understanding with Viktor, a young Tremere in search of
the mysteries of the Moorish world. He has also made
ghouls of several Cordoban scholars.

Image: Jakeem wasarangy man when live, tall and
strongly built,

ut as his obsession grew he became
int. When he received the Embrace, his


rance becameeven more inhuman. He cares little
for such crivialities as grooming ot fine cloth
typically dresses in a selection of expensive robes that
have become increasingly threadbare aver the years.
His ghouls often urge him to wear new clothes when
meeting with other Cainites and he sometime:
dulges them, but not often:

Roleplaying Hints: You realize now that your
whole existence has been a social experiment carried
out by your sire. Even your early, mortal years studying
medicine may well have been her doing. You see her
laniy hands in every memory, living and dead. Soon
you will strike back at those hands, using the very same
tools she hi

Haven: Jakeem has made his haven in a series of
chambers beneath the homes of his mostal puppets in
Cordoba, A number of tunnels connect the residences
and he is quite content to spend weeks below ground,
absorbed in his researches.

‘Secrets: Jakeem has made sure to remain appraised of
the broader movements and struggles in both mortal and
Cainice society, bur in ruth has litle interest in polit
The secrets he is interested in are of a different natu

Influences Jakeem has relatively little influence in
the mortal world, but is known asa scholar and procurer
ofseerets by the Ashirraof Cordoba. As envoy of Aliyyah,
he also gainsa measure of respect from the unliving.

Destiny: Aliyyah vanishes with the fall of Sevilla
to the Christians, but Jakeem remains unconvinced of
her destruction. His creeping paranoia shows him her
hand in even the most coincidental act. What he
doesn't see is Viktor of Clan Tremere luring him into:
his labs

Cappadocian
ire: Aliyyah

Demeanor: Autocrat

Perception 4, Intel
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3,

tiquette 2, Herbalism 5, Melee 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 4, Hearth Wisdom 2,
Investigation 3. Linguistics 4, Medicine 5. €
Science 4
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 4, Dominate 1
Fortitude 2, Mortis 5
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Herd 3, Resources 4, Retain
rs)
Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Road: Bones 5

IBERIA, BY NIGHT

Willpower: 8

Auyyan, THe Wuisrer oF Deati

8th generation, childe of Lonas

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Innovator

Embrace: 843

Apparent Age: late 20s

Called the Sultan of Italica by some, she is the

istress of that ruined city north of Sevilla and lead
efforts to research the ghostly happening there. But
scholarly pursuits are hardly her only interest, and she
has played the role of advisor and even assassin for
several pri it Ashirra over the last centuries
Gerusah bint Yoav, the benefited
from her advice during the Almoras d and the
subsequent chaos, and Alliyyah|
ofthe Lasombra lbrahim. She seemingly withdrew from
the political stage with the arrival of the Almohads,
when she realized that the Assamite vizier Umar ale
Rashid was pulling a very many strings. In fact, she has
simply become more subtle player, trying toensure the
survival of these things she values in al-Andalus and
making certain that those who descrve to fall on the
pyre of history do so,

In the last fifty years, she has set about creating a
network for her own research and other occult studies
She has forged a quiet alliance with the Assamite
sorceress Nazirah and sent her childe Jakeem to scour

Cordoba. She is aware that Jakeem is
liability, but believes she has his treachery
well under control. In Sevilla, she seeds dissent against
the sultan and against the vizier Umar, moving the two
to fight one another and further weaken their position,
Alliyyah agrees with her acquaintance Nazirah that the
Christian ad -ocable, but she shares little of
the Assamite's despair at the situation. Instead, she has
le plans to deal with it. Herally Ibrahim hasbrokered
adeal with the Christian Lasombra Elieser de Polanco
to allow her to continue her research as long as she
hands over both Umar and Sultan Gerusah when the
time comes. She is only too happy to oblige

FOLLOWERS OF SET

SALAH IBN QUBOOS,
HE AMIR OF CHaiNs
Background: Born to a prosperous clan of Persian:
Arab slavers in the great city of Baghdad in 925, Salah
‘was his father's only son and spoiled rotten from his
birth. Salah grew into a handsome, talented and su-

premely arrogant young man who has gotten away with
his superior attitude because of the success he brought
to the family business. Whether it was leading slaving

to the African coast or negotiating deals


wig Hye | a4p pue eGOpI9D "emNAgg Un
{ed yo 10] w padoysaap seq 94 uasaxdox ftp pIDy
pur 39 05 yo 4jddns at yo fousuod sy yon s194eys
Suny Auowe [ehuany Aysiy st YeTeS zaouaNYUL
9 02 Voleuoyu
1 ryasn, eas0dx9

tp ways sorype weNsIayD sry O7 9p
s299]]09 94 ‘9K 4 94p | 39e04

sty Gila uoneuuojU sapen
€ S|[98 9} "JoRUOD sry z9pUN yYySnoug sey 2y IEE

Suaavjs Aue 9qn UO Buysyad ‘snpepu

spomiou Ads v dn Suipying Aywoys st ye

Je noysnonp
1g IaDag
2jquyiwae ae suoneso] 2eys Uo Sutpusdap
sosnoy pur ‘sdiys ‘sasnoyazess snouts us22q 4pOQ,
Bundaa[s s1y aaour sjnoyp sy} "punos® sayes Uo asoqp
Ae pax0auy Woy poxy axp Jo pearsur wue\au9w aynag
{Jo aydway aytqous e sasn pu aos eu says 3) UG
aiow sovjd au0 ayp un sdaajs éyaxes yopeg zuaAeEy
asvag anos paay pue
9809] 19] ura NOS ua stUAWoW axp YsIPANOA "pAiadop
os YY uodn soouLHJE Jo aouEjeq are>qop A1Da
yp aBvuuep pjnod jox1u09 4o 330} e Yons wey T9AaMoy,
‘aleme [J9M uP nO, "pawey|INY J payxray> Ajsno
1 Azuayy oF Appt] "etuEWO[eoU sso] O19 eae
nod "ysnoyp *y]e ar yeauDg "ssIPUeYDioUt a4 aBeuEp
01 1UE Hop nos [e493 — rudNed ose NOs s.AKIS
ood Aue 94°] apn pu ym suey YaRA ase Ie SUIIDIA
ue sioworsns Bunind ‘ypojs awewWUINsuOD YI YSY

yososoaind v yo 9jor a¢p Avyd nod exp Huo] os 30) 19H
TUEYDHOW w UD9q aALy HOA ESIUAY Buyseydajoy
ueA27 atp Jo SH
eas aq oy suoysey as94e] Dy) LN anoA Ut S608
deme ay pu *paj.o Anyone sexy pur pueag sty suDUt
suadxa 1soU pur S16 su aXp Jo pews due sayLo|>
st}{Jansn09 aaens pue pasmyjno ‘pouyad eyo a8vuHt A194
24151 tE|eG ‘stOopano aya o2 pasn aud Jo SIDP|NOYS apIA
Due saunaeay ysoywey yaa uous peau pea y saHeMy

{aon Surpnppur ‘suensysy au
-uo> apeut Apearpe sey 3p] sdoung weRsy Out Ya
ai peauds pu 19g yoxyno axp aituaae ues ayf'Ae.% sip Uy
pio] snoniquue soup yo jex9A9s Yats g]9stuty an
01 sadoy a — a1ayn2s[2 pus — 219 ot Ut um
-onns zamod eIysyy ap jo SMyLqEIBU|Ns Plle Sua.AEY
aap Surfojere> Ag "AaopH jo axeys soir] w sop Aioid
uur 991d e And Aypejs yjum orp ‘anu pu jeuows tnoq
‘spuo] pue sfitny Auew am ary p11 s9asay uaye wor,
auf S995 9}] "2398 a]qeuuTeP 2w«P uodn pad} o winds
suis wIysly aavy OL UORUAUT Auosa Sey YopDS
9X9 01 anis9p v pue oRquie yam HuiLANg 707]
uu epseg wn posure pue auo prey a4 uoyn aBLD/fEIp
¥ moun Yee, 39g Jo I}ND ,soaKjop), sup astute sastand
ano Aume3 01 Suu >noeyp jo atfewEApre Yoo Oya LAYS,
snoqea: 30 Appep a¥0ds soogne) "siapeaut piaeiouiyy
ap jo Burwo> skp poaiams 20u pey ype soup asp
puy or paseusip useq pue snpepuy-[P 01 payaaen aou0
pey ona ayy 2g Jo 2199 ayp peauds on oply> sIy poseajar
sooqe?) ‘Sururen yo pouad paretasagge Ue soy "yeTES
aoeiqtry pue 296 Jo poo}g at JO 928 e ETP IU Part
sau uTeNIOs ty TEE PIIUIOD soOgEe) A]}eNIUIAT
19g Jo s19NO}IO4 9Yp OV
poof pue ypjeam yom Surysiuary apen ax 304 aUD]ea
ears sty ‘Butaeps day} ay HuAM ay sOAas9y.A\ "pepyseg
aval O} wry Pasi} Bure Jo ye] sty a40j0q sIeDA
‘Aue 40} yons'se possas ap sooqe?) 40} ws914d pul jNoys
v Surmonog jo premox aya poured yojeg uosew siy
(01 290 Ajartaua sjasumy ae pue reg Jo di4ysiom 947130}
{prey unysnyy poueay- joy sq yo moutp ApBuypLA J9Aeys
3YLf 21204 a90UH 4p TPO UNY Pado] YEjES ;pouuL|dsepuE
alums sy or amv
434] "S]}019s pjo Ang o1 auNN0}
up yo sized ppo o1 Suvacie>
Fursyuoes ‘s940] sty 20) SunpAue op od sharp ss
Ty Puno} Loos ay Pu "yP[ES porUuEIUa sooger)
‘ons 1wau8 s pepyog ut pouryayy gt sooqeg)
payje2uopig woy zuey>yow SuIoHus pur rULIGIA P39
34 oy pasuey> 9x15 yopES sAIMoy /C6 UL
sty Ayjemuaas pu ayia siy or yse] 9¢p° 400 YEIES
"pauurews seas 94 950) "2p pute Yse} It Jo 4899 4H Pail
seavyssAynuey 2tp pure soies snoyodsd osu patumy sou
-|rytTe® yryYANOS s,yeTeS *o1eatad uy -ounevoue yonbo UI
sjuuiey 24201 pamoy 19xod pu YapeD Ah "POS Aq Iss}
24] 02 poUIDas YejES "saAyfs yo 4dIE1A S.ychpeD aup1 yt

upuads pt
lO dj>y o1 $1401


unnoticed. The Gangrel elder Shabaqo the Nubian.
uncovers some of his treachery and hunts him through:
out the later half of the thirteenth century
Clan: Follower of Set
Qaboos
Nature: Tyrant
Demeanor: Caret
Generation: Sch

Apparent Age: early 30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity ?, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 2, Dodge 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 3, Linguistics 4, Occult 2
Di Mines: Obfuscate 4, Potence 2, Presence 4,
Serpentis 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 5, Influence 1,
Mentor 3, Resources 4, Status 3

Conviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 2
Roads Serpent 5
Willpower: 7

GANGREL

Sapei, THe Noste Savace
Background: Sabela had always lived a life of
privilege and luxury. The eldest daughter of a wealthy
Valencian nobleman, she received an excellent educ
tion and in due course was married off to the equally
wealthy son of one of her fathers friends. She auickly
seitled into the life ofa noblewoman, bearing children,
managing the household and entertaining herself with
pet schemes and intrigues.
Then the Muslimscame. Her world crumbled when
her husband and eldest son died defending Valencia
ithe advancing armies, her caravan fell prey
and her daughters were taken to a bivotue
where it was clear they were to be used to sate the lusts
of the men, That night, when he forced the daughters
towatch the violation of their mother, the bandit chief
died as the suddenly determined Sabela scratched his
eye out and dashed his brains with a stone. The other
bucafilehy, naked woman
lows with a feral glint in her eyes
dispatched the thugs and wordlessly
neck. She drank
ily died from the cestasy of the
Embrace, but her sire had another lesson to teach her.
With an' insane shriek, Sabela gave in to the raging
hunger that welled up within her. She and the wom:

IBERIA BY NIGHT

fell upon her da
into the night

Mara, her sire, hardly ever spoke, but communicated
‘enough to teach Sabela to survive in the wilds, harrying.
Muslim and Christian alike. One night, however, a group
of Assunites ambushed them in retribution for thei
slaughter of several retainers and ghouls, Mara sacrificed
herself to delay the Assamites, and Sabela excaped.

The young Gangrel eventually drifted back to the
Christian civilization she had known as a mortal, set
dling in Barcelona and resuming her life of luxury. But
her time in the wilderness, her dark hungers ated I
bitternessover the deaths of her children and site (bot
‘of which she blamed, not entirely without cause, on the
Muslims), roused her from her comfortable life. She
wanted to strike back but realized that the Christian
Kingdoms would take some time to be strong enouigh to
rive the Moors from Iberia, She decided to meet the
enemy head-on and moved back to Valencia in 1092,
during the reign of El Cid. The city's tolerance and
independence suited her purposes well and she even
"converted" to Islam, being careful to take sufficient
‘ume to make her conversion scem credible, She found
that other Muslim Gangrel (called the Taifa) also wore
the trappings of civilization. She integrated into the
community as one of their number, In her case, how.
ever, her conversion was hardly sincere

By the time the Reconquista began in camest, she
was recognized member of the Ashitra community in
Valencia, and as trusted as any convert. She has gath-
ered detailed information on the city's defenses and the
Ashirra community. She has also established a small.
network of couriers who know the roads across the
borders as well as she.

Sabela intends to send all of this information to

Elieser de Polanco, a Lasombra in Toledo with whom
she has maintained a secret correspondence. Unfortu-
nately several of her ghoul couriers have met terrible
fates recently, suggesting a hidden enemy. She plans to
find some dupes to carry the information close to the
border with Cataloniaso she can tip off Elieser, who will
arrange for them to be ambushed and relieved of theit
burden by his allies in the region,

Image: Sabela dresses as a wealthy Muslim woman
confident in her place in the world. She greets guests
with the utmost courtesy and humility but is careful to
seem a little nervous and eager to please; too perfect a
cover might look suspicious.

ters, draining them dry and fleeing

into thinking your conversion

the sheer animal ferocity of your sire, but you more than
make up for it in deadly cunning. You fear no Cainite,
nor most physical challenges, but you understand that
now is not the time for direct action, That time will
come soon enough.


Haven: Sabela's haven lies beneath the stables of
age inn she runs. She has several emergency havens

and boltholes scattered around Valencia and the sur-
rounding countryside, including a fortified haven in
nearby Sagunto.

Secrets: Sabela has compiled a remarkably com-
plete dossier of information on Valencia. There are a
number of crucial omissions (such as an accurate esti

mate of the number of Assamites who have entered the
sity in recent years) but overall, her documents reveal

a great deal of strategic information about the city.
Influence: Sabela commandsa fair degree of infly
ence in the city and is often approached by members of
the Ashirra whoaresceking advice on how todeal with
the Christian and Jewish Cainites in the city
Destiny: Sabela's treachery goes undiscover
many years, and Valencia falls to the Christia
1233. She retires to Barcelona where she
comfort for several centuries. Someti
teenth century, evidence of her betrayal comes tolight
In 1917, a ceam of Assamites extract vengeance for
times centuries old and burn her
Clan: Gangrel
Sire: Mara
Nature:
Demeanor: Carctaker
Generation: 7th
Bmbrac 2

Apparent Age: early 30s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, App
Mental:

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 4, Herbalism 3,
Melee 4, Ride 3, Stealth 3, Survival 5
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 4, Linguis
tics 3, Politics 4, hal 3

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Dominate 3, Fortitude 3,
Potence 2, Presence 3, Protean 4

Backgrouns . Contacts 3, Herd 3, Influ
ence 2, Resources 4, Retainers 4, Status 2
ience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Suapago THE Nupian, Tatra GANGREL
5th generation, childe of Kuru

Barbarian
1290 BC
Apparent Age: early 30s
Fourteen hundred years before the birth of the
Prophet Jesus, Shabago was born in Napata, ancient
capital of the Kingdom of Nubia. The son of a royal
huntsman, Shabaqo followed in his father's footsteps,
providing sport and food for the god-kings of Nubia. As
fierce as the animals he hunted, Shabaqo soon became
a favorite of the court often leading expeditions for the
Crown Prince and High Priest of Amon. His position,
llowed him to buy a good wife, and his mastets gave
him many gifts. As he grew more skilled, Shabaqo was
often asked to lead hunts at night for the gods them,
selves, for some enjoyed hunting of hyenas, lions and
crocodiles in the darkness. The very spirits ofthe beasts
sometimes appeared, and Shabago would join his gous
in fighting the horrid monsters that came out of the
darkness. It was during one of these hunts that Shabaqo
was given his first taste of vitae. As a ghoul, he watched
hiswife and children grow old and die, but knowing the
gods had chosen him, he served with all his soul for
many generations. [n 1290 BC, he was part of a strony,
force the gods sent to defend the great temple of Amon
at Jebel Barkal from attacks by the demon Followers of
Set. Eventually the Serpents won the battle to dom:
toassert their new dominance and driving the remnants
of Nubia's other Cainites into the desert. Shabago was
badly injured in the final defeat. Rather than let the
loyal ghoul die, a Gangrel Methuselah who ar that rime
went by the name Kurru Embraced him and took him
into the desert.


nbrace and
the living
Hefollowed

Kurru's stories shattered Shabago's &
gods. He was lost without purpose or beli
Kurru for a few years but soon forsook all company,
livingoff che blood of animals and travellingthe Sahara
from the Red Sea to the Pillars of Hercules. He fought
various beasts and hunted afew Followersof Set, but for
centuries Shabago walked alone and contemplated the
night. As the years progressed, he would occasionally
visit temples and talk to holy men who also existed
alone in the desert. He briefly ered the world to
investigate the new religion sweeping through his
people, buthe found nothing to answer his questions in
Christianity. Several centurieslater,even in the depths
of the desert, Shabago felt Islam's force. Intrigued, he
‘emerged from the deep desert igate. He ad-
mired much of what he found but was still not able to
fully commit himself, feeling thar any truth revealed to
‘man must nece: it fit the needs of the Damned.
Yet the tenets of Islam and the stories of a small desert

people shaking the world aroused in Shabaqoadesire
el plac anner he had not felt in
‘one end of the Empire to

ay to al-Andalus in the

lly making his

nd rivers, the strking mountains and
theharsh platenusfelt good toShabago. The mixoffaithsand
ncient philosophy gave him much to think on. He entered
into a decades-long, off-and-on conversation with Hilelal-
nof Céndobaandone of the fit Assamite

IBERIA BY NIGHT

warriors to convert to Islam, and eventually came to belive
again. In 1005, he converted to Islam. By virwe of isa
generation and sillsasahunter, he influcrced other Gang
todo the same. Those who followed his example took the ff
name Tafa Gangrel and became schokar-warriors instead
animalistic predators. While the movement has seal
Shahago remains in al-Andalus.

‘Shabaqohasnointerestin leading the TaifaGangrel
asany sortofill conceived army. He isglad that younget

bers of his clan have found inspiration in hit
choices, but he strongly believes each vampire must
face God alone. He docs his part to bring down those
Christian Cainites who offend his sensibilities, and
hopes that God wil udgehim worthy of salvation when
the time comes.

LASOMBRA

FLronso PaLacigs,
Tue Disoracep Prysicuan

Background: Sancho the Fat had arate commodity
in a king: He appreciated ability more than breeding

That meant that his court was peppered with
Lovouappers and sel-madle 1 those who'd eamed
their reputations rather th ing them. This led
totremendous competition among Sancho'ssubjectsto
succeed and thus earn the king's favor. It also led toa
bitterly divided court, with the established nobility
looking askance at the brash newcomers.

Alfonso Palacios entered this world as a physi

lled to tend Sancho in one of his frequent illnesses.
The son of a poor merchant, Palacios had managed to
apprentice himself toahealer and escape the possibility
of inheriting his father's failing business. By the time he
was 30, he had a reputation as one of Iberia's finest
practitionersof medicine, and aca result wacsummoned
from Zaragoza to sce ifhe could assist the ailing Sancho,
Thishe wasable to do, and the king rewarded him with
gold, honors and place at court

Palacios stayed with Sancho f
but was unable to heal the k er illness. This
was the moment Alfonso's enemies had waiting
for. When the sage and rabbi Hasdai ibn Shaprut was
able tocure Sancho where Palacios had failed, his rivals
proclaimed thathe had tried to poison the king.
himself was too weak from his illness c0 acti

atter, and the former royal favorite was driven from
court in disgrace.

Bitter and humbled, Palacios moved from
town, offering his services as at
never mentioned the posit
never sought to return to p
eled the length and breadth of 1 ninsula, crisscrossing
Muslim and Christian kingdoms alike, His journeys
were not unobserved, however. An ambitious Lasombra

everal more years

wn to.

Instead, he tr


named Fernando de Rincén had been an infrequent
observer at Sancho's court and had liked the manner in
which the young physician had carried himself. He was
further impressed when he saw how Palacios handled
his disgrace, and after several years of observation,
extended to him the chance to become
After due consideration, Palacios accepted
Image: Tall-and slender, Palacios has unusu
long arms and legs. His hands and fingers are also
elongated, as befits a physician. A thinning shock of
gray hair covershis scalp,and his face is weathered from

his years on the road. Palacios sometimes dresses in
hen cajoled to do so for state
his own he prefers the clothes

court finery, parteu
‘occasions, but wh
of the itinerant healer.
Roleplaying Hints: The quest for knowledge has
replaced the quest toend st 1g. In your centuries of
existence, you have seen enough pl
toknow that the physician's work is ultimately useless,
and that in the end death ¢ |. A small part of you
wonders if the benefits of the blood of Caine could be
extended to the world at large —with proper guidance,
ofcourse —bur that's just passing fancy. Now youseek
out medical texts for their own sake, nothing more. Be
Those who bring up your expulsion from Sancho's
court are not your friends, but those who share your
expertise are

Haven: Palacios dwells
neath the Plazade na, near the collegein
Zaragoza. He spends approximately half the year here,
researching and experimenting, and the other half on
the road secking to commune with other scholars and
add to his collection

Secrets: Aninfrequentdabblerin intrigues, Palacios
is aware of the deals being cut to reunite Iberia under
‘Christian rule. Hisapparent disinterest in politics keeps
hi ¢ from being killed for this knowledge, buthe has
been in contact with the poet Yusuf and the dreaded
Miriam bint Aisha in hopes of trading for some Muslim
medical texts he covets.

Influence: Palacios has relatively litele influence,
but in recent years has concentrated his studies on
vampiric diseases of the blood. Whether this will prove
useful in the years ahead remains to be seen.

Destiny: The former physician spends
several centuries expanding his knowle
of the blood, and by 1450 is re
learned authority on the subject.
around the Mediterranean to study with him for a year
ortwo, andhis gCaine'schilder, With
fame comes envy. In 1485, shortly after the establish:
ment of the h ma inn Zea Palacios is berrayed
by arival. Hishaven is invaded and he is haul
a prisoner to the Aljaferi
Inguisition had its headquarters. Rumor has it ehat
Palacios cut a deal with the Inquisitors: He would assist
in their labors in exchange for the right to use certain,
prisonersashe saw fit. Whether this struc or not no one
knows; the only certainty isthat Palaciosneveremenged
from the Aljaferia once he was takes
library was burned
Clan: Lasombra
Sire: Fernando de Rincén
Nature: Innovator
Demeanor: Caretaker
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 960
Apparent Age: mid-40s
Physical:

Social: Charisina 4, M on 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 5, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 4, Herbalism 5, Melee 2,
Music 1, Ride 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 5, Hearth Wisdom 3,
Investigation 4, Law 1, Linguistics 4, Medicine 5,
Occult 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 2, Obtenebration
5, Potence 3, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Mentor 3,
Resources 2, Retainers 1, Status 2

series of rooms under-

ind his priceless


Courage 2
Road: Heaven 4
Willpower: 8

LaRcELLs RaFus,

HE GUARDIAN OF LAS MEDGLAS
Background: Rumor says that ghosts haunt the
ravaged countryside of Las Medulas, but those rumors
tell only half the story. For even the ghosts of the slaves
who died there eful to give a wide berth to
Marcelle Rufus, thoughie once was numbered among

their ranks.

In his mortal days, Rufus was a scion of a wealthy
ly that dwelt in Ostia. Bored with the urban lifestyle
ned by hisgrandathe'staes ofthe goo old
decided to disappoint
father and enlist in the legions. His mind aflame
with visions of the virtues of men like Marius, he joined
up and was rapidly assigned to a unit pushing west into
what later became known as Castile. Unfortunately,
entleman's education neglected a few are

vital for a soldier, namely gambling, dri

whoring. His inexperience at all three quic
through, and before long he found himself massively in
debt, overfond of wine and with several nwvals for a
particular camp follower's attentions. Arrogant in the
assumption that his family id status would
protect him, Rufus was extremely surprised when his
enemies decided to consolidate their efforts, recoup
their debts and remove a pest in one fell blow. They
kidnapped him, beat him and sold him into slavery to
work the new gold mines at Las Medulas. The slavers
met his protestations that he wasan officer with laugh.
tet. After all, everyone knew that the centurion
Marcellus Rufus Ostiani had been killed ina raid by one
of the tribes of Iberiaceli In other words he was just

another ska

Casualties at the site were extremely high, as the
Romans forced their slaves co rechannel rivers and dig
thousands of feet of conduits that would serve to help
blast a mountain's guts out into the valley below. Most
of the laborers, unable to endure the grueling pace and
saulistic taskmasters, succumbed sooner or later. Their
cs lined the tunnels they dug, the hollowed-out
mountain serving as their grave marker. Rufus, how
, thrived. Holding himself against the mythical
rds of conduct from his grandfather's tales, he
refused to let the labor overcome him. Afterall, he was

a pat ¢, and even if he died, he would not
die like

Thissteadfastnessof purpose paid off adecade later.

axl heard of the
ined to view it for

The powerful Magister Boukephos
mighty undertaking and deter
himself with an eye toward Embracing the imperator
overseeing the site. Instead, he found himself less
impressed by the soldier than by one of the slaves, who

IBERIA BY NIGHT

bore himself nobly and directed others in theit labor
Thus it was that Marcellus Rufus Ostiani was brought
under the shadow.

For several centuries thereafter, Marcellus traveled
intermittently with his sire, bur always he returned to
the gold mines where he had toiled as a slave, Eventu:
ally Boukephos judged him fit to make his own way ane
released him into the world. At first he tried to settlein
Ostia, bur it had changed beyond recognition in his
time away. His family had descended into poverty and
obscurity, and his former home was now the residence
af a fat merchant with fatter daughters and no virtues
worthy of the name.

Disgusted, he tumed his back on Rome and s0-
joued to the only place he considered home: Las
Medulas. There he's remained for centuries, preyingon
those who come to scavenge the mountain's corpse for
gold. Mostly Rufusabsents himself from Cainite affairs,
bur he is very clear about two things: his claim 0
domain over Las Medulas and his expectations of the
clan and those it Embraces. Ifhe hears of a new initiate
who, in his opinion, shames the Lasombra, Rufus may
well journey forth from his mountain home to express
his displeasure.

Image: Marcellus is a broad-shouldered man of
medium height, with coal-black hair and a patrician
nose. His body is muscled to an almost absurd extent,
the result of his labor in the mines, and his skin stil
shows the effects of the harsh summer sun. While not so
dated as to wear strictly Roman garb, Rufus tends
toward simplicity in his garments. He never wears
anything more confining than sandals and a loose

Joften eschews even them. The only piece of.

at he wears is a ring with his family's crest,

mas Medulas gold and crafted by a smith now
centuriesdead. Itismore precious to Marcellus than his
make an enemy of him in perpetuity

Roleplaying Hints: The careftce, ide
‘man who joined the legions iscenturies dead, Slavery and
centuries of isolation have made youastoic in every sense
of the word. Bide your time when dealing with outsiders
and make sure they know that youholdall the
Reward honorable dealing, but pay back tre:
thieving with death. Guard your privacy fiercely,
whatever steps are necessary to ensure

Haven: Owner of a variety of havens in
the hollowed-out mountain, Marcellus shifts from one
to the other at random. All are appointed simply and
buried deep within the massif. Most are guarded with a
variety of pits, tripwires and the like. Ar the very base
ofthemountain is another chamber on which Marcellus
hasbeen working for centuries. When the time is right,
he intends to retire to it and slumber, triggering a
landslide to cover it before he does s0. This haven is
more lushly furnished than the others, and Marcellus


hasstockpiled a fair amount of gold there as well, for use
against the day when he reawakens.
Secrets: Marcellus is not privy to many secrets

other than his own. While he is respected and feared

because of his age and lineage, he mastly holds himself
outside of clan polities. What he does know is the
country around his havens —— every twist, turn and
cavern, and on rare: ns he allows other Cainites
to take refuge in his domain. Those he allows to do so
arein his debt, and are keenly aware that they will have
to repay him ar some paint

Influence: Marcellus has little direct influence
over anything except his immediate domain. Indi-
rectly, his pleasure or displeasure bears on decisions
made by other Lasombra across the peninsula. As a
dutiful worshipperof Jupiter Stator, Marcellus has litle
love for either Christians or Muslims, and frankly
doesn't care who eventually winsourso longas they are,
by his standards, honorable. OF late, Marcellus has
grown increasingly disgusted with the excesses com-
mitted in the name of the Reconguistaandhasannounced
that he will grant sanctuary at Las Medulas to any
Cainite or Ashirra willing to remove himself from the
conflict permanently. While few have thus far dared
the joumey, the very existence of Marcellus' offer is a
challenge to both the princes of Iberia and the sultans
ofthe Taifa. Younger Lasombra opposed to the conflict
now have something of a sponsor.

The other weapon in Marcellus' arsenal besides
sanctuary isgold. He has great deal of it at his disposal,

and when sufficiently roused, he is not above spending,
it to support those he respects or admires.
Destiny: Marcellus guards his home against ever
more frequent intrusions until the middle of the qwen-
Finally disgusted by the excesses of the
‘Spanish Civil War, and not a little mad, he retreats to
his carefully prepared comb and seals it behind him, to
the coming of a more honorable world.
ombra
Sire: Boukephos
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Survivor
Generation: 5h
Embrace: 112
Apparent Age: late 20s
Physical: Strength 8 , Dexterity 7, Stamina 8
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3.
Intimidation 5, Leadership 4
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Archery 5, Crafts 2, Melee 5,
Ride 3, Stealth 4, Survival 5
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom
Occult 2, Politics 2, Science 2
Disciplines: Celerity 5, Dominate 8, Fi
‘Obtenebration 7, Potence 8, Prese

Background: 1, Contacts 2, Mentor 5,
Resources

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Road: Chivalry 9
Willpower: 10

Miu Bint, Aisna,
WEAVER OF TAIFA INTRIGUES
Background: Miriam was born

the early days of the dependent emirate, the only child
of the city's vizier. The period was marked by fierce
factional infighting, and whether her father liked it or
not, Miriam leamed politicking at his knee. Miriam's
father was a practical man, however, one who realized
thatevery resource was needed in atime of crisis, When

. Linguistics 4,

tude 6,

quick to put it to his advantage
‘With the warring factions, however, came warring
Cainites who were also looking for any advantage
Aisha bint Salah first noticed Miriam during a desper
it through Mélaga, but when she returned later

ore congenial circumstances, she began groom:

ingMiriam forlifeunderthe shadow. She was Embrace
in 736, and soon served as bint Salah's primary advisor
However, the long years with Aisha quickly grew bor
ing. She was conservative, and tiresome, and siw her
only as a tool to be wielded. Secretly she sought and


934 she did so.

Fortunately, there wassomething new to pique her
interest. The bu aifa, with their perty kings
and petty squabbles, offered her the perfect chessboard
on which to play games of politics. Accordingly, she
settled in at Cordoba and began spinning her webs of
alliance, betrayal and deceit. While the Almohad and
Almoravid invasions temporarily discomfited her, she
could not be displaced. It is said that when one of th
Children of Haqim who had traveled in the Almoravids
wake was foolish enough to threaten her, she calmly
immobilized him and then informed him thathe would
be her prisoner until the invasion receded. This is, in
fact, true, and deep within her chambers the Saracen
‘warrior waits, miserably. But that same warrior was
tool of the vizier Umar al-Rashid, another master of
intrigues, who notes Miriam's presence with

While itis tot faie to say that the conflict between
Miriam and Umar is responsible for the instability that
threatens the Taifa, neither has hesitated (0 use it to
their advantage. In adklition, Miriam frankly en
experimenting with the burgeoning chaos, lendis
support here and putting strain on a fragile alliance
there. She cares little for the ultimate outcome and —
unlike her Assamite rival — isaware of the gentlemen's
agreement among the Amici Noctis on the Shadow

Reconquista. Rather, she cares for the game and for
esting Umar

Image: For such a fearsome figure, Miriam is quite
unprepossessing. Short, dark-skinned, and possessed of
hawklike features, she is not at all beautiful. Her

however, isstriking, asher eyes are extremely large and

all black, Miriam's hair is long,
thatis shockingly reveali

playing Hine

sured, and as such rei

id she wears clothing
x for a woman of her sta
You consider your safer
matters to youis the struggle between the Taifa. Reward
those who play well; punish those who play poorly.
Interesting and challenging visitors are always wel-
come in your chambers, but dullards risk extermination.
You have done very well for yourself over the ages, and
you have little p "nce for those who see you as "just a
woman." You can mask your annoyance indefinitely,
until the moment is right to show them what a mere
woman can do.
Haven: Miriam dwells in great splendor near the
Aledzarin Cérdoba. She makesnoeffortwohide herself

and in some quarters is spoken of as a guardian of the
city. She has no real interest in challenging Hilel al.
Masaari for the title of sultan, however, especially as
that ancient Saracen warrior is a largely absent ruler
and a rival of Umar's. She is happy to be an advisor and
manipulator instead. Miriam's residence is opulent
beyond belief d in relics that once
belonged to the Umayyad emits.

and is decora

IBERIA BY NIGHT

Secrets: Miriam is a font of knowledge about the
rious Taifa intrigues. She keeps informed about the
der goings-on in the clan, but her interest lies in the
game at her doorstep, not in Sicily or beyond.
Influence: Many Cainites in the Taifa seek her
favor. Miriam is well known and much feared, though
her blessing is sought by all who know of her existence
Destiny: With the fall of the Nasids in 1492,
Miriam finally relents and releases her prisoner after
extracting an oath that he will not seek ven
doesn't. Many of his peers, however, do,
Clan: Lasombra
Nature: Tyrant
Sire: Aisha bint Salah
Demean
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 736
Apparent Age: 28
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5,
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 4, Dodge 5, E
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 5, Herbalism 4, Melee 3,
Music 1, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Academics 3, Law 5, Linguistics 4,
Occult 4, Politics 5, Seneschal 4

nce. He

pathy 4,


Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Dominate 5,
Obtenebration 5, Potence 5, Presence 4
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Influ
ence 3, Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Road: Humanity 3

Willpower: 10

Rarig BN HARON, THE PaTtE

Background: Rafiq has lived
late eleventh century. He loves the city like he loves
nothing else on this carth. Originally part of the
Almoravid military force that put down a rebellion in
the city in 1090, Rafiq stayed on as garrison commander
when the rest of his troop moved on. He soon came to
love the city, and served itsvisiersfaithfully and well for
many yeat

Rafig grew old in harness, and on his deathbed he
received a strange visitor an, a Berber like Rafiq
himself, asked him what he wanted most. Dying, ibn
Haroun replied that more than anything else he wished
to keep his city safe from harm forever.

"You desire that more than you d
asked the stranger, who laughed.

Rafig's blown grew Lobd, for le (eared Ine had fatled
some test and would be sentenced to [blisasaresult. But
onhisdeathbed, he would not lie torman orangel. "This
iswhat | desir

"So be it," was the stranger's response, and he
granted Rafiq the Embrace

T ONE

Paradise?"

Since that time, Rafig has haunted Lucena's walls
and barracks. He has proclaimed the eity his, inviolate
and sacrosanct, and will allow no other Cainite toenter
its walls without first petitioning him for permi
‘Those who do so are his honored guests; those w

not are often found as dust before the city's gates.

Of late, Rafiq'sslecp has been troubled by mystcri-
ous dreams. He sees the stranger who gave him
immortality, a torch in one hand and a sword in the

and he offers Rafiq the choice of which to take.

Always, Rafiq wakes before he chooses, but he is sure

that sooner or later, he must select one — and that the

fate of his city depends on it

fiqisanold man with afull, white beardand

1c. His body has made little concession to age,

and might have belonged to a much younger

rman. He wears rough military garb, as he always has, and

rarely sets orth without a rather worn scimitar that he has
wielded in defense of the city many times.

Roleplaying Hints: The city of Lucena is your first
and last concern. Be courteous to your guests and
unyielding to your city's foes. The squabbling between
the Taifa disturbs you, and you fear no good can come
of it. No matter what happens to the other cities, you
will ensure your adopted home's survival.

Rafiqhasnumeroushavens within the city,

rorite isa chamber just south of the Corral

de Carbsn. Ic is appointed like a soldier's barracks,

Spartan and rough. He keeps few decorations, but his,

arters always include a single empty chair, kept
against the day of his sire's return.

Secrets: Rafiq knows Grenada intimately. He'salso
aware of what Yusuf has been muttering about, as the
poet stayed with him recently. Furthermore, he has
received two visits from Ehieser de Polancoregarding his,
Potential cooperation should the Shadow Keconquista
succeed. De Polanco is holding out a promise that
Granada would be taken unharmed: Rafiq is still con-
sidering what this embassy means.

Influence: Rafiq is all-powerful within Lucena but
regarded as a bit of a lunatic elsewhere. His counsel is
relentlessly conservative and relig
exhorts his peers to return to th
They, in return, ignore
honor of referring to him as the Sul

Destiny: In his dream, Rafiq finally chooses the
sword. Somehow, he knows this dooms hi
saves Lucena, and hi 3 this che
the next two and a half centuries, h
against all comers but eventually he yields to th
tableand makesalliance with de Polanco, Thusit isthat
the city is spared much is finally
taken, and Rafig retreats to his chambers to a
inevitable. It does not take long. Withi


sire retums and commends him on his Had he
selected the torch, Rafiq himself would have escaped.
but the city would have been burned to the ground.
Again, thestranger asks Rafiq whathe desires most and
with the city saf

Smiling, the stranger grants him his wish.
Clan: Lasombra
Sire: Unknown
Nature: Caretaker
Demeane
Genera
Embrace:
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, a4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dock idation 3
Skills: Archery 4, Etiquette 1, Melee 4, Ride 3,
Stealth 2
Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 2, Occult 3, Politics 1
Seneschal t
Disciplines: Dominate 2, Fortitude 2, Obtencbration 4,
Potence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Mentor 3
Resources 1, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Road: Humanity 7
Willpower: 9

arly 60s

SILVESTER DE Rutz, Lorp oF SHADOWS
Background: Silvester de Ruiz was at Co

when —for the first ime —a Christian army
advancing Muslim force. The fact that the b

small one and the Muslim army usta small expeditionary
troop mattered little in the end. By the time the poet:
legend-makers were done with the tale, it seemed as if all
of Islam had been massed on the field of battle

But no matter how grandiose the accounts of the
battle became, they never mentioned Silvester. This is
because Silvester was neither knight nor squire, but
rather something entirely different. He wasaspy. It was
de Ruiz who discovered the path the advancing Mus-
aking, who brought that information back to
the Christian knights who opposed them, and in a feat
of near-suicidal daring, who offered his services to the

ide to ensure that they did not escape
the doom that awaited them. N

invaders as a
edless to say, others
received the fame and glory that went with such an.
illustrious victory. Silvester received a large payment
and a steady stream of work that lasted the next two
e e long,

sides of the debate watched de
Ruiz's exploits with some interest. So successful was he

IBERIA, BY NIGHT

that he became a cause celébre, as various members of
Amici Noctis fought for the right to either destroy or
Embrace him. Eventually it was decided that he should
beleft alone tofind his own fate, and that when hisdays
in the field were finished, whoever got tohim first could
do with him what they pleased. Fortunately for de Rui
his sire Cleobolus got to him fir:

In the intervening centuries, de Ruiz has risen
steadily in the clan's ranks. Serving at first as a messen
ger, he graduated tomore and more delicateassignments
The elders of the clan chose him to serve as their go-
between with Sicily after only a hundred years under
the fang, and he was among the youngest ever of the
clan to sit in judgment with Amici Nocts

And now, after a mere five hundred years in dark:
pes itis Silvester de Rutz who guides the destiny ofthe
Lasombra in Iberia

Image: Silvester is a small man, dark and wiry. He

ilvered mustache and goatee, and his hands are
constantly in motion as he speaks. He has a thin scar
that runs along his left cheek from ear to nostril, the
result of aclose call back in his living days, and another
hat creases his belly. Now that he is no longer in the
field, Silvester is something of a dandy and wears only
the finest clothes. He has a pack of three ghouls whose
only duties are to attend to his appearance, and as a
result he is always impeccably groomed.

Roleplaying Hints: Your hands are always involved
with something — the air, a knife, a construct of shadow.
Speak quickly and to the poin ake sure that you
recognize that there is value in the lowly as well as the


seat. Afterall, you were justa humble spy once yourself
Ifnecessary, drivethatpointhome oyu

some of them have a tendency

themselves,

Haven: De Ruiz has two havens. One is achamber in.
Castel d'Ombro in Sicily. The other is in Madrid,
fortably close to the residence of his childe and pupil,
Mongada. Both are lushly furnished in late Umayyad
style, a curious choice for someone who served the Chris-
tian cause. Perhaps ic isa gesture extended to the Muslim
members of the clan, to show that de Ruiz considers
himself above such loyalties. Or perhaps it indicates
something deeper...

Secrets: If there isa secret in Iberia that relates to
the Clan of Sha s privy to it

Influence: Every major decision that is made in.
volving the Lasomba in Iberia goes through de Ruiz. OF
late, Mongada has been testing his limits, and de Ri
hasbeen lettinghim doso, butit'srareforanyLasombra,
orindeed, most us, tocrossde Ruiz
on anything.

Destiny: De Ruiz gives Mongada a bit too much
leeway, and in 1424 the former archbishop mounts a

coup. Some observers view this as the opening shot
fired in the Anarch Revolt

Clan: Lasombra
Siret Cleobolus
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 732
Apparent Age: early 40s
Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7
Socials Charisma 7, Manipulation 7, Appearance 4

Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Acting 4, Alermess 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4,
Dodge 5, Empathy 3, Intimidation 4, Larceny 5,
Leadership 4, Subterfuge 5

Archery 3, Erquets 4, Melee 5, Music 2,
n 4, Law 3, Linguistics 3,

Occult 1, Politics 5, Seneschal 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Dominate 7,
le 6, Obtenebration 7, Potence 5, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Influ-
uurces 4, Retainers 4, Status 5
Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Willpower: 9
ViceNTE DE CARDONA,
Tue Cricut Man oF Lisson
Background: Vicente wasn ambitiousman, the son,

ofa wealthy merchant who made it his business to profit

fom the shifting waves of alliances that washed actos,
Iberia. In theory, Vicente'shome was Madrid, but from th
age of nine he traveled with his father, learning both the
ways of business and of men. He siw firsthand how men
could easily be bnbed, threatened or cajoled away from
their duties, and this made a great impression on the boy
Ic was hardly a surprise, then, that young Vicente grew to
manhood thinking that the world consisted of two types
of men: Masters and fools, and that he and his father were
the only two masters to be found,

Allthis changed with the coming of spr
routine trading trip tured ugly betw
Lisbon when 4 land of landits — deserters fron ¢
Crusade — overtook the de Ca
wreaked bloody havoc upon it. Vicente saw his prc
father begging for his life, and saw the bandit chieftain

i 1164. A
n Bejo and

himself escaped with a ruined right hand and a sc
face, presents from the bandits as they rode of

Vicente survived his injuries, and even succeeded
at rebuilding his father's commercial empire. Howev
he was never loved as his father had been; instead, his
brooding demeanor, savage temper istence on
vengeance for even imagined slights made him a very
unpopular man. The wreck of his appearance did nor
help either, as the formerly handsome Vicente banned

itTors from his presence while still insisting on wear:

ing the most expensive finery he could afford.

This combination of drive, achievement and odd
personal habit quickly brought de Cardona to the

tention of the Lasombra, and after much debate he

was brought into the clan in 1182. However, Vicente
did nor turn out qui sirehad hoped. Ratherthan
continuing to expand his mercantile operations from
beyond the grave, Vicente let his ope xcept
for a profitable sideline in transporting Cainites. In
stead, he began lobbying his elders to extend their
authority to Portugal. While doing so had a certa
appeal to Amici Noctis, they saw Vicente's lobbying for
what it was: a transparent attempt to extract some sort
of vengeance for his wounds and his father

Eventually Vicente's sire wearied of his fractious
childe and gave him precisely enough rope with which to
hang himself. Vicente wasordered to goto Lishon and not
tocome back until all of Portugal was in Lasombra hands.
Vicente himself, however, hasdecided this means that his
sire recognizes his worth and the validity of his plan, and
that the rest of the Amici have been conspiring against
him. With acombination ofhigh hopesandblack-hearted
thoughes of vengeance, he has relocated and set about
trying to destabilize the Portuguese Brujah. One of his
major tactics has been to send envoys to Muslim cities
along the Portuguese frontier, where he is trying to strike
deals with the local Lasombra. He offers them survival and
the maintenance of their local domain, in exchange for
fealty to him.


id when circumstances permit, a

well. His hair is black and wavy, and his build
is slender and wiry. He dresses in immaculate finery,
and keeps a stable of ghouls to tend to his appearance.
As for his wounds, his right hand has been slashed
across the palm so severely that the hand itself has
curled up into a claw, and the right side of his face is a
trackless maze of scars. He can barely see from his right
eye, a fact that he does not advertise.

Roleplaying Hints: Tonight Lisbon, tomorrow
nightall of Portugal — that is your plan, and you see no
reaun why it should fall. You are convinced that only
your site can be trusted, and so you spurn any and all
outside contact as potentially treasonous (particularly
if you eatel a whiff of the Amici)
to your superiors (if you decide you have any)
dlsdainful of yourinferiors, and leave no doubt as to the
fact that it is your capabilities that will bring Portugal
into Lasombra hi ethaps, those old fools

Jows will recognize your brilliance.
Vicente havens in a luxurious chamber un-
demeath thestorehouse formerly owned by hismercantile
operation, Should he need them, Vicente also has other,
similarly appointed havens all over Iberia. He encured
that much, at least, before abandoning his life's work

Secrets: Vicente knows everything there is to
knowaboutshipping, smuggling and moving across the
peninsula. He can get anyone intoor out of any cit

1 has contacts at a dozen port cities around

the Mediterranean as well. Most of the Lasombra in
Iberia actively regard Vicente as an impetuous fool;
those few already in Lisbon before his arrival actively
hate him for the way he's blundeted through their
carefully laid schemes.

Influence: Vicente's influence li
favors he is owed by those for whom he's arranged
travel. Among the Lasombra, his name is not one to
conjure with; mentioning him as an ally marks one as
either gullible, weak or a fool. Of late, Vicente has
begun toying with the notion of waylaying some of his

te cargo and either interrogating or devouring it.

themes in the Muslim cities south of Lisbon do
seem to be paying off, notably in the port city of Silves,
where the Lasombra Sultan Muhammad ibn Farouk
seems very receptive togaining protection from aChris-
tian clanmate.

Destiny: Vicente's plan for Silves goes off without
a hitch, eatapulting this less-than-skilled manipulator
to the post of lord of southern Portugal and acontendet
for the princedom of Lisbon. Muhammad ibn Farouk
becomesa trusted advisor and vassal, and Vicentenever
quite realizes that he has become the pawn in this

or that hissupposed clanmate isin fact a disguised Baal.
Vicente's childe Rodrigo Toca docs, lhmevet, anid

presents evidence to that effect to the Amici Noctis in
the latter half of the thirteenth century, He commits
the Amaranth and takes Vicente's place in Portugal,
bur by then the Baali has vanished into the night.
Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Hector de Oviedo

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 182

Apparent Age: 35

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance |

inly in the

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 4, Stealth 2,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 4, Law 3,

Linguistics 3, Medi

Seneschal 4

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Obtenebration 2, Potence 2

Rackgrounds+ Contacts 5, Herd 3, Resources 4,

Retainers 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity 5

ne 1, Occult 1, Politics 5,


Amprosio Luis Moncapa,

EEPER OF THE FAITH

6th generation, childe of Silvester de Ruiz

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 1153

Apparent Age: mic

Mongadaisadevour Christian who believes utterly
inhis own damnation and yer still offers the sacrament
tohis flock. He is steadfast foe of the Cainite Heresy,
holding staunchly to the written Gospels but com
sioning acts of unimaginable blasphemy. Furthermore,
he has an astonishing amount of power and respect for
one so young in the blood, and not all of this can be
attributed to his high station in lie
heart of Madrid' central church, Mongada has tumed
hishome into a deathtrap of shrines to saints, chained
guardians and devout followers. He welcomes all those
who seek his guidance, but and tobe
invited to take sacrament from him is a high honor
indeed. Curiously enough, Mongada has also opened
munication with his counterparts in
the Taifa, and several Muslim Lasombra are frequen
visitors to Madrid under the archbishop's protection.

Mongada's sire, Silvester de Ruiz, has noted the
growing. status of his childe proudly, and encourages
Mongada in his efforts. Ar the moment, the former
archbishop (who still wears his robes of office) is content

haven in th

nly on his tern

channels of «

to consolidate his power and extend his network of
supporters. Many of the city priests and royal confessorsof
Iberia were appointed under hiswatch, and asa result they
still hold someallegiance tohim. Through them,hehasan,
car in every palace, and a useful way to affect policy from
one end of the peninsula to the other. In person, Monga
has an almost overwhelming personality. While his de
meanor isone of piety and humility, there is little doubrof
his immense determination and force of will. Visitors
ay impressed, wary of not at all
ness, it is for his childe
bservershave noted some small cracks
'sformidable detachment when her nar
is mentioned, though if they are wise they do not press
th s also fond of chess and will give
tokens of hisesteem to those who give hima good gam
Fe at him.

Babr, SULTAN OF GRANADA,

8th generation, childe of Marcos

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 809

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Little is known of Bad's past. This is due in part to the
fact that she has systematically eliminated any who knew
her ere she came to power in Granada, for fear that they
would reveal her terible secret. For while Badr isthe most
feared and respected of all the sultans of al-Andalus, and

while her power more than speaks for itself, sill she takes
seat pains to hide her true identity and gender. For Badr
es herself as the only one who can unify al-Andalus'

jes to resist the Reconquist
her only hope of doing so is to
harbors no illusions:
her into battle ifthey dis he isa woman, so she
disguise ss worked: though there
have been whispers that the sultan is a eunuch, there have
been none that she is a woman. And so, disguise firmly in
place, Badr works patiently to bring all of the Ta
nmand, the better to resist the stratagems of

but she also knows that
ide her true face. She
upporters will follow

Navas de Tolosa a recent
catastrophe, Badr has been forced to reassess her plans.
Many of her lies: epting the "graybeards' bargain'
and abandoning the peninsula, but she hasresolved tostay

ul fight it out. However, inthe face ofthe overwhelming
Christian victory, she is acting more quickly and more
openly than she would like. Now itis no secret that Badr
seeks to nuleall of Iberia, and she actively courts the favor
of the Muslim Amici Noctis. She also has made a habit of
sending emissaries to other Taifa with a mandate to use
strong-arm tactics if necessary to get the local sultans in
line. This is winning her few friends and may be doing
more to fracture Ashirra unity than to promote it


Of late, Badr has also begun to realize that the true
danger is not from de Ruiz, but rather from his childe,
Mongada. His arsenal of temporal power, strength in the
blood, and faith makes the archbishop a most formidable
‘opponent. However, Badr's insistence that Moncada is
niore dangerous than his sire is not shared by many, and as
such, hertenclency to focus on the priest has made many of
her supporters wonder ifshe isin fact the one to lead them.

ESER DE POLANCO,
NTLEMAN OF TOLE

7th generation, chikle of Hector Aguilera

‘Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 1031

Apparent Age: 38

De Polanco is quiet, sophisticated and effortlessly
graceful. The latest in a long line of mortals groomed t0
join the Lasombra, he has spent centuries working for the
Shadow Reconquista albeit with a personal agenda. As
much ashe once believed in a unified Christian Iberia, he
now believes in x his domi-

c pprcciation

for Moorish art, poetry and science, and a disdain for the
sot of ravening barbarism exemplified by Tercio Bravo.
This does not mean he's grown any less effective in his
duties, but rather that he is no longer quite as willing to
view the ultin -end as justifying the means, particularly
when the means includes allying with Tercio.

De Polanco maintains a permanent residence in

‘Toledo, though he is often in the field. OF late, he has
taken to making solo expeditions south into Moorish
lands inan effort to preserve books and worksof arthe feels
may notsurvive the comingconquest. More subtly, he has
also been making deals to ensure the allegiance of various
Muslim Lasombra against the day when all of Iberia is
Christian, offering his protection and high ctatus in
exchange for theit lack of opposition. A surprising num
ber have accepted.

Blieser's other crusade is against Tercio Bravo, and
with ruthless efficiency he has been tightening the net
aroundhisrival. Everywhere de Polanco has friends, there
are whispers against Bravo, and every city that houses an
ally to Blieser is closed to his ene

IbrAnimM, He Wo Re

Apparent A\

Ibrahim (he bearsnoother sobriquet) isfarolderthan
mest of his fellow Muslim Lasombra. In fact, he has been,
around longer than most Muslim
the service of the Umayyads, he fled with ‘Abd ar-

IBERUA BY NIGHT

Rahman Iad-Dakhil from Damascus and established the
first independent emirate in al-Andalus.

An able administrator and a poet of some repute,
Ibrahim was one of the primary architects ofthe Umayyad
emirate, and much ofits enduring nature can be treed 0
his efforts. So impressive was his work (not to mention
some of his poetry) thar the Lasombr who hovered
around the court fele that he, and not bis emir, was an
appropriate choice to be brought into the clan,

‘While a faithful Muslim, Ibrahim hasan appreciation
for the finer things in life, and he was mildly appalled by
the havoc wroaght on the Umayyad culture by the
Almoravids and Almohads. That being sai, he has con-
sistently and skillfully fought against the Shadow
Reconquista, While he has the utmost respect for foessuch
as Elieser de Polanco and will pladly share an evening's
‘conversation with the man, when it comes to the field of
battle Ibrahim is all business

Ibrahimstill harborssome bittemessforthe treatment
of the Taifa by the Berber inwasions, and is prone to wax
thapsodic about the beauties that have been destroyed. A.

mn of many talents, he is as skilled a diplomat as he isa
warrior, and sees no dishonor in using negotiation as wel
asskill atarmsto gain hisends. Heisalsoan accomplished
gamesman, and has begun ry with Mongada that is
at once friendly and deadly serious

IsMaEL, THE FareraL ERRoR

7th generation, childe of Ibrahim

Demeanor: Autocrat

Nature: Barbarian

Embrace: 781

Apparent Age: pre-pubescent

Itisasayingamong the Ashirrathat theirn
not haunt them; instead, their mistakes call the
Ismael is Ibrahi cake, and one he regrets bitterly but
ts powerless to correct. Embraced a bare dozen years after
Ibrahim himself was, Ismael wasa very observant child in
the houschold of the vizier of Ceuta. One night, brahim
visited and, in the guise of a humble traveler, offered his,
skill as a gamesman to while away the eveniny. So confi-
dent was he of winning that he offered anything in his,
possession to anyone who could beat him at chess.

‘The young boy Ismael, who was very observant, did
two things that were quite clever. The first was to menor
rize Ibrahim's game against his father, and use that against
thetraveler. The second was tonotice that the traveler did
not once breathe oral forrefreshment. Andso, when the
hoy humbled Ibrahim, he asked for the traveler's

Ibrahim was honorbound to grant it. He left Ceuta
that very night, leaving the boy to his own devices and
praying that death would take him by moming.

Allas, it was not to be. The child flourished. He was
savageand clever, and itwasnot many years before he fits
tasted the fruits of the Amaranth, and found that he liked


them, Using his mastery of shadow to hide his visage, the
boy systematically built stable of allies, disposed of his
enemies and eventually ascended to the sultanate of
Ciudad Real.

Currently, Ismael is hatching plans to bring all that
remains of al-Andalus under his rile, in preparation for
launchingacounterassaultonthearmiesofthe Reconguista
Unfortunately, the first step in this plan involves hum-
bling the other Taita Lasombra so that he can easily sei
control. His campaign of subterfuge and terror
peers is startlingly effective, and already there i
‘grumblings about him to Amici Nocds. Ibrahim, too, has
been approached butfeelshe cannot rats hishand against
hisown childe. In the meantime, Ismael consolidates his
power and waits for the right day to strike, unaware that
Bade may well strike at him first.

Lacrra or Aracon,
PropiGaL DAUGHTER

7th generation, childe of Ambrosio L

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: 1190

Apparent Age: late teens

The daughter of Alfonso I of Aragon and the
daughter in darkness of Archbishop Mongada, Lucita
was both born to —and resurreeted in — power. She is
willful, proud and dangerous, and she is just coming
into a realization of her own strc

Lucita's mortal existence was constrained by her duty
toherfatherand her station, restrictions which she chafed!
against. Her intelligence and will, however, were dis
played prominently in her acts of rebellion against her
father,and word of these talentsreached Mongada through
erconfessor. Searchingforanamenablepawnin Alfonso's
court, the archbishop paid her a visit — and found himself
fascinated. Before retuming to his lair, he Embraced
Lucita, promising her freedom from her father's laws and
power beyond her comprehension. The rest of her new
condition he left for her to discover.

‘Vampirism suited Lucita, and she rose through the
ranks of the Lasombra. The fact that Mongada was a
doting foster-father and patron certainly helped her,
though she has begun to suspect of late that his motiva
tionsare less than entirely altruistic. As such, upon her
return from Venice, Lucita has decided to distance
herself slightly from her sire. She has taken up residence

Ar n, Moving from city tocity inan attempt to stay
one stepahead of her sire's messengers. She's also begun,

casting around for otherallies in the Lasombra, and has
made afew overtures to Marcellus. Mongada's goodwill
isnotathing toset aside lightly, but Lucita cannothelp
but wonder at its ultimate cost

Roprico Toca, THE MOopet CHILDE

11th generation, childe of Vicente de Cardon:

‘Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Survivor

Embrace: 1134

Apparent Age: 31

In an effort to make up for the sins of his boorish
sire, Rodrigo makes an astonishing effort to be the
Lasombra's Lasombra. He is courceous, devilish, grace-
ful, proud and formal, and he is never less than utterly
polite to his betters. In social situations, he makes it
perfectly clear that while he has the utmost
the sire-childe relationship, he considers Vi
an idiot. Alll of this wins him points with Amici Noctis,
who privately refer to Tocaas "the rose on the dunghill
of Lisbon."

In life, Toca was a child of wealth and privilege
whose father traded with the de Cardona family. He saw
and envied Vicente's freedom, and made a point of
sustaining the business relationship when both his
father and Vicente's passed on, De Cardona remem
bered this and, when he was Embraced, sought to repay
perceived favors that Toca had given him,

Rodrigo is well aware of the disdain others have for
his sire, and he long ago grew disillusioned with the
figure he once thought so heroic. He has rapidly been
distancing himself from de Cardona, both politically
and geographically. Currently, he makes his home in
Santarém, and he'd move farther away if he dared
However, Toca is very wary of de Cardona's increasing


and moves very slowly sos toavoid sparking

his sire to any rash action,

Tancrep, Suapow AMONG Lions

9th generation, childe of Ibrahim

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Rebel

Embrace: 1073

Apparent Age: early 30s

The Ashirra of al-Andalus have been subtly work
ingtoundermine the forcesof Christendom for centuries.
The fierce and untamed reputation af the Cainite
crusaders known as the Lions of Rodrigo (see p. 86)
made them easy dupes

Tancred (or Saleh, as his parents in Cérdoba knew
him) was a bodyguard of his sire, the Muslim Lasombra
potentate Ibrahim, for many decades before being sent
to infiltrate the Lions. A trained soldier, he was dis-
patched to join the forces of the prince of Barcelona in
1105, supposedly a mercenary Cainite seeking employ

ncred performed credibly, showing great zeal
¢ for bloodshed as he had been told to do. It

took almost a decade, but eventually Tancred had the
opportunity to join the Lions. Ever since, he has been
manipulating them mto being as dangerous to their
‘own cause as to al-Andalus. Thus it was at Tancred's
‘urging that the Lions' chieftain Felipe began attacking
Christian Cainites whose faith was supposedly lacking.

In doing so, Tancred has ensured that the Lions have

destroyed a number of powerful opponents of Islam ay

well as brought Final Death to many of his masters
enemies, not all of them Christians. Since the battle of
Las Navas de Tolosa, he has yet to be contacted by
Ibrahim but is gatheringall his resources in preparation
for his role in the final battles against the infidel.

HRIQ IBN ZIYAD,
WOdLD-BE CONQUEROR
th generation, childe of Yebuda ibn Nagrella
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanos

Contrary to the stories he tells of himself, Tariq is
not the Tariq ibe Ziyad who first conquered in the
name of Musi and Islam. However, by adopting that
name andl waving that banner, Tariq hopes to re-ignite
a conquering fervor among his clanmates and
coreligionists. and once again sweep north and ease
Currently dwelli Tarig moves from
Taifa to Tai ind raising support
for another war of conquest. His elders view him suspi-
ciously, more worried about clinging to their eroding
positions of power than risking everything on another
assault, This has done nothing to dim Tariq's persecu-
tion complex. On occasion he rides north to raid where

IBERUA BY NIGHT

andhe has particular fondness for interrupting
sof young Christian Lasombra at ELCid's tomb.

Tariq has a band of seven other Lasombra, all much
younger than he is but equally hot-healed. They back
him in any fight or argument. Whither he goes, they
follow; the results are usually bloody
Tercio Bravo, 7
Last REMEMBRAN Et. Cip

7th generation, childe of Offa

Nature: Loner

Demeanoe: Rogue

Embrace: 1097

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Tercio's personal history is shrouded in mystery
‘What is known is that he fought for years alongside El
Cid and had a reputation as the most bloodthirsty and
skilled soldier in that band of warriors. Embraced two
years before his warlord died (some say as part of an
effort to lure El Cid into the Clan of Shadows), Bravo
hasspent the intervening decadeslaboring for the cause
of the so-called Shadow Reconquista. Most of his time
has been spent in the field, working to destabilize the
various Muslim Taifa or to ‘advance the horders of the
assorted Christian kingdoms.

Having lefthispost with the prince of Toledounder
acloud is once again a free agent.
Overthe past century, hisrecord has grown increasingly
erratic, as personal hatreds and long-simmering feuds
with other Cainites have taken precedence over his
strategic ju result, Bravo has been more
and more thoroughly isolated, and his few confidantes
note thatheoften ramblesabout being conspired against.
However, while he is no longer as thoroughly f
the battlefield as he once was, he is still a Cainite of
significant personal power and charisma. His enemies
have not yet dared to strike at him directly

Yusur 1BN SHAMSID,
THe WANDERING PoE'

9th generation, childe of Farouk ibn Hakim

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Child

Embrace: 974

Apparent Age: early 50s

‘Yusuf has outlived his time and his usefulness and

's well aware of it. Formerly a courtier in the court of

Sevilla, he refused to leave even after his Embrace.
Instead, he spent decades "dying" andreturingtocourt
under various guises so that he might ostensibly keep a
finger on the pulse of the palace while enjoying its
poetry, music and arts

Unfortunately, Yusuf's last rectum to Sevilla coin-
cided with the reign of the poet-king al-Mi id, who
was displaced and forced to menial labor by the
Almoravids. Shocked and dismayed, Yusuf fled and has


since flitted across southern Iberia looking for another
haven like the golden Sevilla he remembers. Of course
no place that harbors him ever p to his
memories, andso aftera year ora decade, he iso

Yusuf is a ham-handed conspirator and was most
probably a poor ehoice for a La: .
a certain affection in those who know him. He is alsoa
most accomplished poet and often winshisshelter from
the sun with an improvised song of his host's praises.

Currently Yusuf is talking a bit too much for his
own good, as he is rapidly running out of new places to
stay and blames the clan elders for this state of affairs.
As of yet, no one takes him seriously, but should he
continue to speak unwisely, someone may feel it is
necessary to teach him a lesson

MALKAVIAN

Qasim iBy_Dabir AL-HAKIM,
He WHO SEES

Backgrou

Qasim had always experienced visions.
Even asa child in a town near Granada, he was able to see
glimpses ofthe furure and find last children andattle. He
‘was also blessed with impressive religious insisht for one
so young, and his teachers considered his gifts to be
righteous. He was still » child, however, and when he

received a vision of a powerful local imam committing

adultery, he did not understand what it mean
no better, he told his teachers, who were quick to bring
accusations against the imam, The imam was able to
confuse and outwit the boy, and escape with his pos
(ifmot his reputation) intact. He arranged to have Qas
aixlucted some months later; such a precious gift noeded
careful nurturing, after al
nnamed Dabirhad passed through Qasim's
before and noted the child's gift, but had
enough without also receiving the gift of Marid (the
Arabic name for Malkav), Fatefully, Dabir was returning
fromhistravelsand heard about young Qasim' fate. Dabir
felt the boy's soul call out for the Embrace and he
sponded, Without so much as consulting the boy, Dabir
came to Qasim and gave him an existence away from his
captor, powered by the blood of Marid

The Embrace didn't drive Qasim mad so much as fire
hisvisionswithan even darker power. Whereas his visions
had onceshown ways ohelp people, now theyshowed the
depraved acts of the wicked. Dabir was puzzled by his
childe'sreaction tothe Embraceand traveled with him
‘manifest itself When he located aden of sinners, asavage

ior spirit took over the normally placid vampire and
he moved to destroy the unrighteous in a fit of rage.

Qasim remembers little of these frenzied possessions
during which he surrenders to the impulses from beyond.
Dabir theorized that his childe wasawakening the spi
Marid and others have called Qasim's furies the w

God Himsel
theological
knows they are part of his obligations to God and he
follows them,

Qasim is not concemed with the specific
ce of his visions and rages — he simply

Dabirsaid farewell rohischilde once he wasconfident
that he could find his own way in the world, and Qusim'
dreamshavekepthim wandering. Several militant Ashirra
have encountered and made use of Qasim over the de
ceades, Sultan Badr of Granada has employed. several
catspaws to direct the boyish monster into Christ
lands, where he can seek out and destroy infidels, He
done some damage on the Christian frontier, but not
ways in the manner his patrons had hoped, Indeed,
either simply being Christian nor even fighting und
the Cross qualify as sins in Qasim's eyes. Itis only Chris
tbuse children who suffer his wrath

‘Qasim sometimes feelshe should return to Granada,
He iswell aware that hissupposed allies have been using
him for their own ends and in his darker moments he
wishes to extract some vengeance for that. But that is
not his way. He «ray his calling for some
thing so petty as personal satisfaction, Indeed, a strong
greater understanding of his gift might lie.

Image: Qasim was Embraced when stillinthe transition
from child to man, and he looks ikea wiry, slightly underfed
Arab boy. He dresses simply, sometimes going so far as
\wearingnothing but ragsin order topass sa hamlessbeggar

Roleplaying Hints: You bs

-dtohunt theunrightco

re been both blessed a
and sinful, whether they gc


a, Muslim or Jewish guise. God must surely
plan for you and you do your best to discover what
itis. In between savage furies and dark visions, you try t0
as. a good Muslim and atone for your own sins. You
insight which might allow you to break

this eyele of hunt and frenzy.

Haven: Qasim hasbeen based in the tifa of Silves for
overa decade. He hasestablished a haven in the cellar of
adisused church, He istortured by the whisperings of the
Christian ghosts whenever he sleeps, but considers this
the penance he must pay for his dark acts

Secrets: Qasim's visions ofsin have taught him much
about the deprav dren, especially poor
children, at the f and vampiric monsters.

Qusim has gathered a small band of fol
lowers, but his true influence comes from the elders and
ancilla who pay attention to him. Sultan Badr ses him as

Rogue, the Malkavian prince of farawa
1s other plans for the wayward Madman.

's destiny lies north, in Pamplona,
where Rogue isteady to help him make some sense of the
visions in his tortured nia,

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Dabir

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1155

Apparent Aget early teens

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,

Intimidation 3, Larceny 2, Leadership 3

Skills: Melee 4, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 1, Hearth Wisdom 3, Linguis-
Decult 1

lines: Auspex 2, Dementation 4, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 3

# Allies 2, Herd 3
+ Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Roque oF PAMPLONA,
Prince or THE Map.

7th generation, childe of Taurus

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 743

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Pethaps the most influential vampire in Navarre,
Roque is somewhat isolated from his fellow princes in the
Christian north, both by geography and blood. A

IBERIA BY NIGHT

Malkavian prince is never a common thing, and in a
peninsula dominated by the Lasombra and the martial
concems of the so-called "high clans," i'sal the rarer. But
Rogue ruleshis domain with surprising skill and restraint.
is not ostentatious, and his advisors are not
s. His practice of using Toreador knights as
to other princes has gone a long way toward
smoothing out relations. He has also quietly helpe
theinfluence of heso-called Apostles of the Thitd
a troublesome offshoot of the Cainite Heresy.

Roque's true influence, however, is rarely recognized.
Indecd, heisapotent member ofthe secret Mallavian cult
known as the ordo enigmaus. Dedicated to a twisted form
of enlightenment through occulc mysteries, che order isa

wong the elders of Malkav's brood, (For

see Libellus Sanguinis 4: Thievesin the

Night.) Rogue, whose madness expresses itself in fastidi-

‘ousplanningand machinations, seesin thechaos gripping

Iberiaanomenofthe future for thescionsofCaine, Healso

feels that the key to surviving this chaos may well lie in its

midst. He has felt the holy madness ofa vampiric prophet
to the south and has summoned that young vis

NOosFERATU

Cristina, THE SCHOLAR IN THE Hitts

Background: Cristina had a hard life. In tum, she

became a hard woman, The eldest daughter of peasant

farmers in the agricultural districts around Tortosa in
with of Catalonia (15 miles south of the prov


of Valencia), she and her family cowered in fear when

the Muslims came. To their surprise, however, their

rulers — despite their new religion and strange

— seemed to appreciate the no-nonsense, work-
nd-play-hard

rived the invasion and
wed to tll the soil. Simple Christian peasants,
they tried as best they could to continue their simple
lives. In time, she married a sturdy and hardworking
id gave birth co sturdy, hardworking children,
who in turn bore children of their own. Cristina her
simple lite without complaint, without rancor.

When a withering sickness took hold of her, how-
ever, she felt something new— bitterness. Lyingin het
sickbed, free of the daily strugele forsurvival for the first
time in'her life, she looked back. To her horror, she
found nothing of value, nothing that made her cca
less efforts worthwhile. Like the dirt she had sprung

from, like she had spent her life cultivating and soon
would be returned 10, she siuply existed. It was not
enough, She cursed the God she had worshipped all her
life for condemning her to such a futile existence

Pethaps God was listening, because as she lay
dying, she saw am toward her.
The creature moved with a sudden burst of speed, fell
on her and hungrily drained her blood. It dragged het,
barely conscious, to the outskiets of the village and
Embraced her, leaving her delirious and half-mad
clutch of Roman ruins

She awoke the next night with a terrible hunger;
she found a terrified pig and an elaborately bound book

in the ruins. To her initial horror, she tore the animal's
throat out and greedily drained its blood

Over thenext few months, she beyan to understand
her new condition and its requirements. She preferred
not to feed from mortals but was not averse co doing so
should the need arise. She carried the book — which
she could not read — with her, wondering what its

onenough, she found out. She was pursued by an

yen assailant, who fell upon her one night as she
fed. Fighting with a strength born of desperation and
her determination to survive, she fled. The figure, badly
wounded, pursued her and she was driven south, into
Valencia, where she was met by several Nosferatu who
made the mountains the ‘They explained that
her sire was an esteemed of the Christian
branch of their clan who had retrieved a pat had
beenstolen: was likely a servant of the thief

"The Mutasharidin (asMoorish Nosferatucall them-
selves) took her she did not need to! nfrom them:
how to survive asa vampire, as she had already taught
herself. They did, however, teach her how to read, She
was enthralled, and spent many months devouring the
texts in the Nosferatu libraries. For the first time,
reading history and philosophy and science, she felt
that she might be able to discover some connection to.

nity, some purpose in her existence, Cristina set
out toadd to her clan'slibrary,secking out rare textsand
sincient tomes.

Cristina traveled widely and has become a recog.

ember of her clan on both sides of the religious
divide, transporting messages and books throughout
Valencia and Catalonia. In recent decades, with the
situation in Valencia deteriorating, she has begun look-
ing for ways to save as many books as she can, She has
contacted the Murasharidin of Valencia proper, and a
support of the Assamite sorceress Nazirah, who havens
in Granada.

Image: Cristina isa gnarled old woman with rough,
hands and feet and a deeply creased face. Most of the
time, she is the color of ditt, a result of her constant
travels. She dresses in simple peasant garb,

Roleplaying Hints: At last, you have a |i
living. Learning to read has been the si
experience of your life, even greater than dy

ist promised to continue your futile struggle for exist
ence). You would do anything to protect your books, In
fact. you much prefer books ro most (
You have no compunction in stealing books, a

;punction in killing those who stand in your way
Youcare nothing for the foolish religions of mort
believe that Cainites who seek the answers to the
questions posed by their new lives in the holy books are

despite the books' exquisite writing — fools.

© worth


Haven: Cristina has a small chamber in the
Valencian mountain city of Morella. There she stores

amber of books that she has acquired for herself, but
most of her acquisitions are for the city's library. When
traveling, she relieson the hospitality of other Nosferaru
or the security of old Roman ruins to protect herself

Secrets: Cristina knows a great deal about the
procurements and peceadilloes of most Valencianos,
the better to target them and their libraries.

Influence: Cristina haslittle influence in the mor-
talworld. Wi nunity, she hasconsiderable
tatu; due to her dedication and her simple wisdom.

entalliance with the sorceress Nazirah givesher
some pull in f anal
After the

¢ fall of Granada claims her ally, she
ds to Alexandria. During the Second World War, she
falls toa band of Assamites who mistakenly blame her for
the loss of Moorish occult texts.
Clan: Nosfi

Generation: 10th
Embrace: 849
Apparent Age
Physical

indeterminate

trength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
*harisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

ents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,

Larceny 5, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 5, Crafts 3, Stealth 5, Survival 5
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 5, Linguistics 3,
Occult 2
Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 2, Fortitude 3,
Obfuscate 5, Potence 3, Presence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 1,
Virtues nce 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Road: Humanity 6
Willpower: 9

HAMAD AL-Bapasozi, THE ENGINEER
Background: Bom to shives working in the great
‘quarries near Badajoz in 890, Hamad grew up expecting to

follow in his parents' footsteps. But asa child he became
the favorite of one of the caliphate'

inspect the stone. He ended up working as the oki man's
apprentice as well as being his lover.
proved to have such a talent for mathematics
ering that he had eared his freedom before he
turned 30. By the time he was 40, he was in charge of the
restoration of Cérdoba's massive series of cata

Soci

IBERIA, BY NIGHT

notice of the Nosferatu and Cappadoc ents in the
city, many of whom had suffered from flooding and
collapses due to the poor maintenance of Cérdoba's
Roman-era underground structures. On seeing that the
youngengineer was honest, dil

‘was carrying out the restorat of his abilities
and not corruptly using seco alsand pocker-
ingthedifference, they used their influence to ensure that
Hamadl's career became a notable success

Building is not a safe occupation however, and in
Heauals 4 year, lee was vasewer tuitiel deep beneath
Céndoba's old city when it collapsed on top of hin
Eventually, after evening fell, his workers succeeded in
digging him out, but Hamad's injuries were such that his
death was merely amatter of time. Rufina, one of theelders
of Céndoba's Nosferanu, decided she could not do with
Hamad's skills and gave him the Embrace.

At first, his new condition shocked and dismayed
hhim, buthe eventually came to terms with it,helped bythe
knowledge he gamered from other Cainites on building
and architecture and the opportunities available tohimin
the underground world of his new clan.
kine, H.
secretand ansfor Cainitesallover Iberia. The
profits he has builcup throu
library of Roman and Arabian manuals and plans, and
ensures him access to the best materials to be had for his
work. Hecultivatescontactsthaccan helphim expand his
collection, and the Follower of Set Salah ibn Qaboos has
provenan especially useful source. Hamad has not entirely
abandoned the mortal world however, still taking some
smnall role in encouraging and supporting massive building
works. His abilities hav ide him a favorite among the
Toreador. Mane Henriques, the Artisan Sultan of Jaén,
recently lured him to that city with the ambitious task of
designing an underground citadel to protect a massive
collection of art and literature.

Image: Hamad wasalwaysheavily built,alegacy ofhis
childhood in the quarry and years working as a builder.
After his Embrace, he became grossly muscled, his arms
hanging nearly to the floor and his shoulders 0 knotted
that he appears hunchbacked. Thus while he isfive a
halffcet tall, he actually appears much smaller. His;
gray skin is devoid of hair and allows him to hide quite
‘adeprly in the tunnels and catacombs.

Roleplaying Hints: You can't pass by a building with-
out giving its construction a look over. Any bu
<raws you like honey. Apart from that, yo
for any of the goings-on around you, Cainite or kine. Let
ctherssneer that you dare work for Christians rte Serpent
Salah thn Qaboos. You have no interest in discussing
anything that does not relate to your latest project

Haven: Hamad hasa permanenthaven built into the
foundations of Cérdoba's great bridge, though at present

hsuch construction go tohis


living in the new citadel he is building in Jaén. He
also has other havens hidden around al-Andalus, each
cunningly concealed and virtually undetectable

Secrets: Hamad knows most of the secrets of the
tunderground tunnels and «
Iberia: where the bodies are buried and havens are
located, which passages lead to what buildings. As a
result, he can hide, spy and flee unimpeded by Cainites
if he needs to.

Influence: While Hamad may have access to many
secrets, he has no use for them and thus litle influence
beyond thedebtshe has built upbyconstructinghavens
and defenses for other Cainit

Destiny: The Christian storm that breaks over al-
Andalus does not greatly disturb Hamad, although he is
concemed that some of his clients find their havens
overrun by Christian vampires. This only inspires him to

eck out new skills and he becomes intrigued by the new
building vechniques and styles that are being bor in
northern Europe. He travels for a while before ending up
in Paris, where he survives into the Final Nights

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Saleh

Nature: Loner

icombs of every city

Demeano
Generation: 8th

Embrace: 934

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

nnovator

Charisma 1, Manipulation
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Crafts 5, Stealth 2
Knowledges: A Wisdom 1,
Disciplines: Auspex
Obfuscate 4, Potence 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 3,
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage
Road: Humanity §

ipower: 6

TOREADOR

Benepict A Musa

Background: The baptized
owned by the Cathedral of Ledn, Benedict stumbled
into trouble early. He was frst attested for theft in 859,
at the tenderage of seven. A severe floggi
indignities were not enough to det
he was 14, he had left the bitter world of his p
Smart and cunning, Benedict soon moved from simple
street theft to running with a gang that specialized in
raiding tombs, ruins and churches for antiquities, gold
and relics. As the years progressed, so did Benedict's
knowledge of his chosen field of ende:
his ability to loc
gang tosteal. By
able togive up the risk of thefthimselfand instead acted
as the scout and fence, posing throughout Iberia as a
respectable wool merchant.

Various French Tore
Benedict's gang for y

talents of the runaw

ot, especially
valuable items for the rest of the
he time he was 30, Benedict had been

jor had been customers of
us, and a number had noted the
and continued to watch him
carefully. Finally in 917, while on a trip t0 Toulouse,
Benedict was seduced into becoming the ghoul of the
prominent Toreador Portia. She had located certain texts
in al-Andalus that she required, and Benedict was the
perfect tool. Heremained Portia's thrall for over acentury
uJ envoy of hers in Iberia and bring
ing her great pre
Love. Finally, she gited him with the Embrace.

Asa blood-addicted ghoul, Benedict had seen the
terrible beauty of the Toreador. As a neonate, he saw
the selfish monstrosity. The Artisans of Toulouse had
appreciated his as « procuter of rare creasures, but they
disdained him as a clanmate. He had no true apprecia
tion for beauty and art, they said
robber and temple thief. Sickened by the sneers of his
former clients, Benedict asked that upon his release, he
be allowed to return to Iberia to establish his own
domain. Portia agreed, so longashe remained her vassal
and supplier

he was a mere grave


Since then, Benedict has returned to what he does
best and thrived on the frontier of the Reconquista. His
erstwhile clanmates, as much as they look down on him
forhisinferior breeding, are very happy to buy the items
he acquires. Aftera few close calls anda realization that
most of the interesting items in Europe were safely
under the eye of one Cainite or other, Benedict chose
strict hisenl al-Andalus, where his thiev-
on. at least passive support from the
Shadow Reconquista. Those Ashirra interested in pre-
Aoorish treasures are his greatest enemies.
Tall, dash seal anngly, Beniedic's thin build
is a legacy of childhood starvation. The pockmarks:
his face mark h
Toreador. Pre dict refuses to stoop to
fancy clothing as some less handsome Toreador do to
cover up physical shortcomings. In defiance of clan
fashion, he still wears the good but plain clothi
successful wool merchant.

Roleplaying : You're a thief and find the
pretensions of noble Cainites amusing and despicable
atthe same time. You love the taste of blood, the power,
and the fear in the eyes of those who once lorded over
you. You will not lose whar you have gained even if in
defending it you meet Final Death.

havens hidden in various

houses in southern France, northern Italy and

Iberia, all of which are associated with his mercantile

operations. His main haven is located under a plush

home incon, wherehe keeps therareitemsthatcatch
his fancy

ery could cou

Secrets: Benedict is privy to few intrigues. Few
Cainites trust him because of his mortal background
and even fewer still because of his industrious tomb
robbing. His knowledge of the treasure houses of al

Andalus and safest ways to get to them is impressive,
however, and he has made himself very popular with
some members of the Shadow Reconquista because of it

The Lions of Rodrigo have been known to use his
services on raids south of the frontier.

Influence: Benedict has built up a very powerful
position among the thieves and scoundrels of the east-
em Mediterranean, While more-noble Cainites are
liketheirki erpartsinlookingdown on society's
wretched and rejected, Benedict has found in them a
powerful and flexible resource with a reach far greater
than might be expected

Destiny: The theft of items of Islamic art and
Teauning keep Benedict busy unui the late thirteenth,
century, by which time hehassethimself upasa leading
Toreador in the new kingdom of Spain. When the
business of theft becomes too dangerous, Benedict
tums tohis wool trading interests and survivesas a great
patron of the arts. With the discovery of the New
World, a new avenue of art theft is opened for him, but

IBERIA, BY NIGHT

in 1720 Benedict vanishes in the jungles of Peru while
searching for ancient tombs.

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Portia

Nature: Monster

Embrace: 1073
Apparent Age: mid-30s

cal: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Socials Charicma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Acting 3, Alermness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,

Larceny 5, Subterfuge 3

Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 4
Knowledge 4, Law 1 L

Invest

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Re-

sources 4, Retamers 5, Status 1
Virtues: Conviction 2, Instine
Road: Devil 5

Willpower:

Mane Henriques, Sur

oF Jag

Background: Bom toone of the first Visigoth lords of
Valencia in 580, Mane grew up wishing he had been bor

at the height of the Roman Empire. His father found little
good to say about a lad who seemed more interested in
telicsand writing than in horsesand swordsmanship. The


only thing his father could think to do with Mane was
pack him off to the priesthood. While Mane felt little or
no regard for God, the arts and learning available in the
monastery opened a new window in his soul. Mane
became one of the best-known painters and calligraphers
in Iberia, his work decorating books and churches from
the Pyreneesto the Pillarsof Hercules. Despite hissuccess,
Mane was not a happy priest and was reprimanded on a
number of occasions for showing far too much interest in
the pagan arts of the Romans. The strain on his soul was
eventually too much, and in the lonelinessof his monastic
cell under Valencia's main cathedral he hung himself
Before he could die, however, strong arms cut him down,
Heknew pleasure beyond anythinghe thought couldexist
before a blistering pain sent him to oblivion.

‘When Mane awoke, his sire Volaginius of

1 Toreador — Prince of Valencia and a keen follower
of his artistic joumey — greeted him and offered to show
hhim the heights of art and beauty. Mane spent the next

century studying every aspect of art, from sculpture to
mosaics, under Volaginius's careful tuition. Unaware of
wider happenings, Mane was shocked when the Berbers
assaulted the city. Along with the rest of Volaginius's
brood, he fought fanatically to prevent the barbarians
from destroying what they had left of Rome. At come
point during the battles with the invading Ashirra, Mane
‘was caught in a burning building and would have been

destroyed had the floor not collapsed and dropped him
intoanold cellar below. He lay in torporuntil 910and was

amazed when he emerged to discover a society as rich in
the arts and learning as Rome.

ine fell in love with Islamic culture. He
to Cérdoba and had no qualms about swe
giance to the Assumite Sultan Hilel al-Mas
Tongas he could take in the wonderful cre:
music, literature and architecture. Ma
verted to Islam but became thoroughly enmeshed in
Islamic culture. Over the centuries Mane floated b
tween Cérdoba, Sevilla and Valencia, sampling th
artistic communities like a gourmet at a grand bang

lifestyle to an end. In a sudden flash of insigl
realized that, like Visigothic Valenciabeforeit. al-Andalus
was doomed and with it all that it had achieved. Mane
believes that slam is the new Rome, acultural oasis in the
midstofhowlingChristian barbarism. HeseestheShadow
s the beginning of anew Dark Age and he
to salvage something of what has been created, so he bi
claimed domain over the town of Jaén. He plans to build
a citadel in which he can protect some portion of the
beauty around him. Mane hasinfluenced the local lords to
heavily fortify the city above while he has created a great
archive of art below with the help of the Nosferatu
engineer Hamad al-Badajo
y built, with reddish blonde hair
© ts the very picture of a Visigoth
barbarian. Closer inspection tellsa different tale, forhis
hands show he is not a man of war. He tends to walk
with astoop from so many years laboring over a copyist's
desk. Mane dresses simply in the manner of an Is!

capture a moment of be
Roleplaying Hints: You are a Mozarab, Arab in.
culture, but supposedly Christian in religion, and you
see the Reconquista in cultural rather than religious
terms. Only works of beauty can alleviate your fixation
with the coming battle and even the
Already determined to die rather t
of ugliness and barbarism,
less and fearless foe to the Christians from the north,
Haven: Mane sleeps in the secret underground he
is having Hamad al-Badajozi build beneath Jaén,
an that others are trying to
me of the treasures of al-Andalus, but he
ist their judgment. He hoards such treasures,
for himself alone.
Influence: Mane bis litle or na influence beyond Jan,
Destiny: Mane's supposedly impregnable haven is
breached by members of the Shadow Reconquista soon,
after Jaén falls to the Christians in 1226. He dies with
accusations of treachery on his ips. And yet, hiscollec-
tion of treasures becomes a symbol of gre
among his erstwhile clanmates. By th
tury, he is fondly remembered as a gr
arts among the Spanish Toreadc
Clan: Toreador
Volaginius Ti

at patron of the


Nature: Celebrant
Demeanor: Defeniler
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 615
Apparent Age: mid-30s
Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Empathy 1, Leadership 2
Skills: Crafts 5, Eriquette 3, Melee 2. Music 3, Ride 2
Knowledges: Academics 4, Linguistics 4, Politics 2

ines: Auspex 5, Celerity 4, Dominate 2,

4, Potence 2, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Herd 4, Influence 4, Re-
source 4, Retainers 5

Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Willpower:

TREMERE

Viktor NaGy, THe Buack Macus
Background: As a child in Hungary, Viktor was a
bully. His family was humble and decent, and Viktor was
packed off to a local monastery. His quick wits and
‘cunning, rather than native genius or intellectual disci-
pline, saw him taken from the orderby House Tremere. As

magus, Viktor was recklessand headstrong. He preferred

to meet his enemies with direct, overwhelming force,
destroying them before they had any chance to gather
their strength. He also relished physical confrontations
and challenges. But his brash ways made him less than
popular with his fellow sorcerers, and when the opportu:
nity arose to study the mystic arts in Cérdoba, he jumped
av the chance to make a new beginning.

When Viktor was recalled to Ceoris for a special
ritual, he gladly gave up his mortal life. Indeed, he had
dealt with some of the unliving things that lurked in
Cordoban libraries and knew that the Tremere needed

nts capable of moving among them on an equal (or
nearly equal) footing. That his mastersalso believed his
methods would be visible and credible enough that the
clan's other agents might enter the peninsula unno-
ticed did not bother him in the least

Viktor returned to
lished himself in Cainite society
mystical knowledge, tolerared becauce he was undeni
ably powerful and yet easy enough to manipulate or
‘outimaneuver—which isexactly what Viktor wants his
rivalsto think. He prefers hisallies nd enemies (Friends,
he believes, are nothing but a comfortable lie for the
weak of heart) to underestimate him. He has made a
useful dupe of the Cappadocian Jakeem ibn Aliyah (or
so he believes) but he knows others are more leery

IBERIA BY NIGHT

Image: Viktor is a powerfully built Eastern Euro-
pean, with a thick accent, long black hair and a droopy
moustache. He typically dresses in black and generally
looks as if he's about to go hunting or hawking. His
sword never leaves his side, nor do the knives he
conceals on his person. He tends to swagger but is
careful never to appear too well informed or in com
mand of a topic.

Roleplaying Hints: You are surrounded by fools
Nothing mattersto you except your own power and that
of your clan. th
underestimate your
timestire ofthe cha in Visionsof eonque
and destruction. You would never admit it, but
strain of your constant deceit and paranoia is beginning
tocell.

Haven: Viktor's main haven lies beneath a small
Christian home on the outskirts of the city, where he
has made the inhabitants his thralls. Fle has a number
‘of emergency havens scattered around the city; esscn-
tially, he regards himself as living in hostile territory.

Scerets: Viktor is good at pumping others for infor-
mationand many ofthe city's less careful Cainires have lt

lip their plans, havensand alliances when in hispresence,
None of the city's elders have been so careless.

Influence: Viktor has less influence than he would

like to think. Several of the more skilled Ashizra nco-
ates of Cérdoba are weary of him and have kept their
allies isolated from his wiles.


Destiny: Viktor remains in Iberia through the
Reconquista, forming hisown chantry. He remains leery
of the silent shadows that might hide the Assamite and
Lasombra killers who pledged revenge against him for
any one of his many crimes. Eventually, those shadows
claim him.

Clan: Tremere
Sire: Jervais
Nature: Ty
Di
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1194
Apparent Age: mid-30s

Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

arisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, lotellgence 5, Wins 5

Acting 4, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 4, Intimidation 4, Subcerfuge 4
Skills: Archery 3, Etiquette 3, Herbalism 4, Melee 4,

ide 3 Stealth 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine
2, Occult 3, Politics 4, Science 2, Seneschal 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Thanmanurgy 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 3, Influence 3,
Resources 3, Retainers 4
Virtues: Conviction 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Road: Devil 7
Willpower: 6

VENTRUE

Six Nasrasio tHe Gauci,
THE FREELANCE

Backgroun
Ovtedo in C

Bom in 970 wo a minor squire near
lucia, Nastasio showed great skill at arms
froma your was sent to train in the service of
Sancho the of Leon. With the constant fighting
nst the Muslims, Nastasio had ample opportunity

to show his tm: talents and was made a Captain of
Horse while only 26. Burscrvice to the King of Leon did
not pay well, and Nastasio eventually moved north into
ills co lords with fatter purses

we, he continued to build a formi-

dable reputation as a warrior and more importantly as
a leader. His troops were known not to desert him at
inappropriate moments, and he never threw away the
In 1006, Nastasio accepted an offer from the Baron

of Aire to assisthim with an assault on the Bishop of St
Sever, who was disputing the baron's right to herd pigs
in the forest that lay on the border between their two
demesnes. While this appeared to b
than another petty squabble between minor feudal
lords, the fight masked a more subtle and ancient feud

fasio no more

The Bishop was a pawn of the Lasombr:
Clodauuiua, while che Baron of Aire
dupe of the Ventrue prince of
While both Cainites masked their fighting in the guise
of the ongoing struggle between their two clans for
influence in France, the simple fact was that the two
had hated each other for decades and were merely
pursuing yet another minor skirmish in their long-
running feud

Henri had sent a childe to accompany the assault
but had miscalculated, and his childe discovered too
late thar Clodansiua was staying with her thrall, In the
battle that ensued when the Lasombra awoke to dis:
coverthe Bishopoverthrown, the unthinkable happened
and Nastasio managed to stake the Cainite elder w
she drank Henti's unfortunate childe dry. Not wanting
to risk further problems with what he thought of as a
demon, Nastasio had the staked Cainite burnt as quickly
as his few surviving troops could light a bonfire. Henri
was delighted and conspired to have the Ga
freelance make his way to Pau. Henri wod
ously to persuade Nastasio toaccept the
tohavesuch fighting fthe Vertue

His Embrace changed Nastasio's outlook relatively
litele. In many ways, he saw immortality ay merely 2
payment by his new clan for his services asa warrior. He
gave solid service in landsasfar away as England and the
Holy Land, his lords never once having cause to regret
his Embrace or doubt his loyalty. Yet Nastasio remained
something ofa freelance. Once released, he pledged not
to fight against his sire (and indeed has served him in


prefer 1¢ mobility of the freelance.

In 1205, the Lasombra Archbishop Mongada of-
fered him a princely fee to lead the fight against the
Muslim Cainites for the Shadow Reconquista. Api
from Nastasio's undoubted prowess, his neutrality in
disputes and intrigues between the Amici Noctis was his
other great virtue. In the years since, Nastasio has
worked to overthrow Moorish fiefdoms and displace
Ashirra sultans. The archbishop has implied he would
dom of Oviedo in reward for hisservice. Nastasio is well
aware that this has much to do with Mongada's dislike
for Marbuena, the current prince, whom he considersa
weakling. In order to keep his current patron happy, he
has established a haven in the city, although he spends
more time on the southern f ler.

ntithesis of the noble

ind wiry, he looks much

Moor, and ce rumormongers have

spread nasty tales about his mother's virtue. Yee his size

hides great strengch and endurance, and Nastasio has

often made great use of the fact that smock

and trousers that he prefers to wear, he looks more like
an Andalusian peasant than a Galician warrior.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a warrior a
man; you make sure that others think the intrigues and
infighting of the Lasombra are beneath your notice.
You never make the mistake of thinking of the Muslims
asanything other than worthy foes. You keep you own
council and trust only your own sword; you especially
don't trust Archbishop Mongada, but you allow him
the illusion of control.

Haven: While he spends most nights in the field,
sleeping in a steel armorer's chest and guarded by loyal
ghouls, Nastasio also has a modest haven hidden under
Madrid's main barracks. This haven was a gift from
Mongada and Nastasio rarely ever uses it. He merely

ppears to in order to Lull his employer into thinking
him a fool. He has also set up another haven in a small
fortification outside Oviedo and has pledged to spend
several months there, once the Moors are pushed back.

Secrets: If the Amici Noctis had any idea of how
much knowledge Nastasio had managed to acquire, he
would probably not make it through the next night
Similarly, if his Ventrue elders re
was withholding from them,
mercy. In the midst of se much dangerous knowledge,
Nastasio keepshis own council and fights the battles he
was hired to fight, waiting for the next cha

Janoble-

even less

Influence: Nastasio's role as the pre

eral in the Shadow Reconquista is widely known. As a
result, few Cainites will not give his words some weight.
His personal prowess and apparently close relationship
with Mongada extend this respect to the point that

IBERIA BY NIGHT

Nastasio is easily one of the most feared Cainites in the

peninsula. That he seems to do little with such influ:

ence is considered a sign either of his stupidity or his
cunning, depending on one's point of view.

The Shadow Reconquista is a greatsuccess

shineseven brighter within his,

do isa prize he cannot resist, an impor-

but notone: make himan easy

get. He becomes a player of influence in the new
nd Portugal. He survivesthe Anarch

Revolt tobecome one of the -arsand serves his
clan as euch on and off until he is eventually destroyed

by Jalan-Aajav in the 1930s.

Clan: Ventruc

Sire: Henri

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Defender

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1006

Apparent Age: 36

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3. Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athlecies 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 4

si chery 1, Etiquette 3, Melee 4, Music 1,
Ride 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Politics 2, Seneschal 2
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Dominate 3, Fortitude 4,
Potence 2, Presence 1
Backgrounds: All
Status 4

Virewes: Conscience 2, Sel
Road: Chivalry 7
Willpower: 9

OTHERS

5, Influence 3, Retainers 5,

Control 4, Courage 5

RopriGde DE Navarre,

Sworp OF St. [MES

Background: In che days before his eyes were
opened to the demons lurking in the shadows, Rodrigue
(orRRodrigo in Spanish) wasaminor noble from Navarre.
Marrying well, he divided his time between Pamplona
and his wife's holdings in Toulouse. Things changed
when he began to sense an evil presence lurking just
beyond his perception. The dualist heresies sweeping
the land concerned him, bur there wasa darker evil out
there. A fewanswers came when he uncovered a partial
translation of a debased text called the Book of the
Shining Blood, the central text of the Cainite Heresy.
Some of his wife's vassals revealed themselves to
followers of that damnable faith and in their conf
sionshe heard whispers of demons darker than any me


heretics. Then he followed the clues to Ve
found vile blood-drinking things lurl
forces of the Fourth Crusade. Upo mn to Iberia,
he founded the Sword of St d has been
gathering informa on the creatures ever since
s frame is only just starting to

surrender to his advancing years. He wears fine clothes,
and keeps his graying hair immaculately trimmed

Roleplaying Hints: You have now spent more than,
adecade facing the darkness and you see it everywhere
Youknow y nust strike at it soon if your life isto have
Nature: Innovator
Demeanor: Defender
Age: carly 50s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4 Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Leader-
ship 3

lls: quette 3, Herbalism 1, Melee 2, Ride
Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 4, Law 2,
Linguistics 3, Occult 3, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 3,
Resources 3
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
True Faith: 2
Willpower:



Logends of the |
Reconquista |

YOhat good dees if d0 fo be
corel bowen foe those whose morte
bcinig pleasure to none, nor their


There isno place like ther

work, Nowhere else do the tides of faith
andl nowhere else do the de:

ofmortalsex xpull
vert polities
dea om
France, Germany or even Outrem
appli the Pyrenee
unto itself for Cat

ing setting for
combina

and clans, Iberia

ines having

here else in the Dark

hingtodo

the War of Ages. Instead,

Muslim and Christian,

intrigues, factional hatn
With the confluence of re

with all its
alike. Any

» rely on in his dealings in

1 Gibraltar. Iberia isa place

well to

is and political
hronicle possibilities

and a wealth of source material that can overwhelm an

pready Storyteller. Thischapter,t

in yout role as a Seorytelle

hen,

aguidetoa

Basic QUESTIONS

With

ickvallofthe qu

plan your chronicle, there ar
IBERIA Is Big

Unlike a city
breadth of

sed chronick
The

sographi
aking variety ofsettingopti
the water-blaste
Pyrenees in the

onsyouneedanswered
fe covered in this book. Th

ings to keep i

Iberian game has
ula offers a breath.

Furthermore, there are well established trade and pilgrt
routes that crisscross the peninsul:
surprising

d allow charac
and age
Many Dark Ages

geographically, in part beca

mount of mobility for the day
What this boils down to is si
chronicles end up hemmed
travel issodifficult
mest of the availabl
cities. With Ibe
role as a Story
possibilities befor

rCainitesin this period an.
setting mater

a. those restrictions ¢

ler you should at least examine all of the

chronicle setting.

re, you should use t
e. There
f types

s geographical diversity
a lot of places for ch:
for
1 Zaragoza, ot any of the other
+ options thy
1d your players. As
is there, why not take advan

ampites to inhabit
Seating on Ca

Fong as th

Tere Is No One SETTING

Je physical setting for an Iberian

tian or Muslim — breaks down further

ny. Ifthe chronicle has a Mus!

aractersafiliated with the Umayyads, the Almohads,

the Almoravidsor even Tarig's original expedition? What

about muwallads? Which tayfas are the characters affiliated
with, or are they bound to non

n theme, are

exists on the Christian
Are the characters native ot foreigners, seeking theit

The same multiplicity of

1s in the confusion of the Reconquista? If native, which
Navarre,Castil

nd what sore of population mix of

cdom are they affiliated with agon

Christians, Muslims and Jews do you want to play with

There are literally dozens of divisions to examine

chroniclesis not Storytelle
bur rather play

notion of histor

who are
tha
nt, they rebe

teller likes tc

factual ace Tew

While there'
hast

absolutely his
ter all

than fiction, it provides

srically accur

itty into his carefull
cepsthat can be taken for those

(thin
and
when you
ip front with how
A player wh
ical myth i

n their ow
ith more creative chara

pleasant hi
wakesupt

upset agritty chronicle in

nitpickers. Get them to prepare a
nch of characters for you to


And what about the Ba
who flock to Iheria in the

that Iberia under Muslim rule
ning and tolerance. Things
‘hasthe forcediconversion,
ige 138 for more),

. Thereareother

for
With sucha broad canvas
lay down the paramete


important to examine all of the possibilities (as noted at

Tength above), it isalso important to make a choice. Iberia is

simply coo big in too many ways for an unfocused:

sodecisionson where and when the setingis loc

what elements to focus on — n

‘material that's pe eesthe players somethingon

which they can hang more elaborate and detailed character

concepts. Afterall, just telling your players that the game is
end up with one

Madrid, and two

nur research
inent, and

set "in Iberia" means that you may we
anothe
scutrying south across the Straits of Gibraltar to rally support
nother Deiber invasions. While this tnay be an admirable
through achronicle, it eaves something

starting point

character based in Cox

re goingtotellan therian chronicle, it's
a good idea to have answers for at least the basic questions
below before yougotoomuch further. Not every question has
tobeanswered in infinite detail, but icalways helps toat leat
have the broad strokes of your chronicle sketched out before
you put in too much effort otherwise. The answers to these
questions can serve as the framework on which the rest of
your chronicle hangs

WHEN?

To craure intemal consistency and todo its pai taped
the evolution of the Dark Medieval setting, Iberia by Night
is roughly focused on the year 1212, But there's no reason to
restrict yourself to chat date and none other. Take g look at
the lay ofthe land in L212 and decide ifthe political cultural
and military setup suits yourchronicleneeds. Ifthe Reconquista
is too far advanced for what you decide your chronicle

ares, move backward in time. If you're more interested in
\gapproachingaunified Iberia, move yourchronicle
toward 1492. It is important, however, to keep a

n the vampiric and historical timelines, if for no
other reason than to ensure that you kick things off when

ify

there's something interesting going on

WHERE?

As previously notes
While it ish
the broader

Iberia covers a lot of tertitory

led that you at least glance at

oursetting choice,

eventually the process of winnowing must occur. Once you

ails. Deciding that you're

also mak

ssannbra

most likely, with some Ventrue), which will

be out of the picture (Brujah, and probably Assamite and

Setite) and so forth. Religious mix, language, surrounding

where to set the chronicle.

Picking a singular location ake allows you as
teller to get down to the details you'll need to run your
well. Once you decide on a site, you can dig into the d

that support your chronicle. Is the city walled (and if so,

where are the seeret ways in)? Where are the churches or

mosques, and are they holy enough to be dangerous to

IBERIA. BY NIGHT

Cainites? What about previous resiclents — what did they
leave behind? How is the town laid out, and where can the
characters make their havens? How many Cainites can the
area support? What parts of the city make the best feeding
grounds, and where can characters flee if discovered? Where
do the roads go, and who's likely to come marching down
them! What does the city map look like?

Allof Ay simply
‘once you've nailed down the place you should be asking
about, Obmining those answers can flesh out the bulk of you
chronicle setting surprisingly quickly

yese questions can he answered relat

onicle, the combination of "where" and "when

is set in Toledo, odds punning a Mus

your game
themed
jut that doesn't mean that

the progression salwaysautomaticorbrief. Theway in which
real estate changed hands ove
conquerors — all of these
to work with in po YOU

the centuries, the tides of
wide plent ial for you
chronicle. In addition to

ng at present (and that
s), youalso have the luxury

deciding who populates your set

includes hoth mortals and
of deciding wh and if they're stil
around. Romans, Visigoths, Huns, Berbers — all of these
xsoups hosted Catnites who may have remained long after
their respective peoples faded from the scene. How they feel
about the newer vampiric
aspect of a chronicle; whether their vanished pects left
anything of interest hehind is another

ved there previously

rivals is certainly an important

Yourchronicle'spresentday should, ofcourse, command
the bulk of your attention. Exploring the makeup of the city
you've chosen as setting is important. Is it predominantly
Christian or Muslim? How are minorities tolerated? Is there
a Jewish quarter, and how are its inhabitants treated by the
rest of the city? What drives the city's economy, and which

INSTRAINT
hey can be
3g. Afterall

wuncturited only

that neviealy

ning sun, In other word

tozead about that sor of
litle for Cainites to

lution of the fighting

After" puts them i
1 plotting
theaftermath of


Cainites have their hands in that? Not all of the

need tobe (oreven can be) answered before the}

bur they are important to bear in mind so that you can answer
them when the appropriare moment arises.

SAMPLE CHRONICLES

Below are a few basic chronicle ideas that can serve as
te games. Needlesstosay, this election
ches the surface of the available possibilities.

ed, tom down or thrown out to.

Any of these can be combit
suit your needs

lgrimages The characters are sent on pilgrimage by
an elder Cainite along the road (© Santiago. Hor
enemies both human and immortal wait along the
rermined to end the pilgrimage abruptly. Even worse
coterie's so-called benefactor is secretly afiliated with the
Iberian branch of the Cai poxtles of the
Third Caine), and hasplaced afew surprisesof hisown in the

* The Sleepers Awak

ite Heresy (or the

1¢ characters are older

vampires who went into torpor during the Visigo
ion. They wake to find no-one who speaks th
intermitten
ther

scrangekingdomsandalong-

slumbered. What do they do: How do they reclaum
* On the Border: The

Maslim and Christian va
delicate balance of power along the borders between their
respective realms. This particular chronicle is heavy on
upsetting the

pites trying to

intrigue, as each side boa
fragile peace for their own gat
maintain the status quo, and whardo they gain ifthey are the
‘ones to shatter it?

* Against All Come ' city is about to
hands. With the invaders come new Cainites
intent on redistributing the domains among themselves and

nny Cainites in their way. Can the characters
if so, what happens when th

the new conquer

I: Thecharactersare Muslim Cainites,and
they uncover evidence that that their sites left extremely
valuable manuscriprs behind in territory
Christians — and more importantly, by the Lasombra. The
characters must enter enemy territory, deal with the new
residents and rescue these lost treasures. But there's the
chance that they were encouraged to find the clues

incrolled by

ders are taking a
back with them.
France are concerned, the chaos of the Reconausta has a lot
torecommend it. Among other things, it keeps their lberian
rivals occupied. Now that the mortal battles are entering
The characters re the band of neon: be their
elders' eyes and ears by sojouming across the mountains to,
fous theria and reporting
ier said than done

fgreat interest in what

As far as the powerful Caini

ge, things are likely to

csselected

hed journe
Or perhaps there's a

mbof El Cid, that s
Either way, there'splen

haractersmoving, and plen
Tes at them a

THE RECONQUISTA
CHRONICLE

The history of the Reconquista stars with the Battle of
the Moors in 1492, with ns.ag
and their resultant piracy

Technically, the term refers t
reconquest of the Iberian Pe
tude of conquest that flowed from the Py
advancing a few miles every year for seven and a half

final expulsion
1e Moriscos
1 coda to the exercise
process of the Christ

insula, but this is somew

snees to Gibraltar,

and eruces, with
constantly shifting alliances and wave upon wave of inva:
sion. Furthermore, the notion of monolithic Christian and
Moslim forces struggling titanically against one another i
also false. The Muslim tayfas and Christian kingdoms were as
likely to war on one other as on anyone else. Indeed, the

hero of the Reconguasta, El Cid, owes the name by
which he is remembered to the time he spent as a mercenary
inservice toa Muslim ruler; "E1Cid" is just aderivation of the
Moorish (lord),

Thar being soid, che Re

backdrop for achr
action tothe Christian advance across al-Andalus, seve
a half centuries of warfare and intrigue provide a wealth of
‘material fora Dark Ageschronicle. Furthermore,aRec
chronicle doesn't have to be located on the frontlines. The
all sorts of
options to an enterprising Storyteller, if that's the route you

THE RECONQUISTIL

whole process of retaking the peninsula offer

ENDS OF


failor

choose to take, The sheer scale of the Recon.
you an interesting choice: Is your chronicle
particulartime (for example, the early thirtcenth century),
do yout expand it to cover the breath of the Recon
Both options have their merit

Tue Lone View

A long-term chronicle allows players to develop their
long-term plot lines, with characters making decisions that
fore embarkingyona chronicle of ths scope, though. After
all, it's an extremely ambitious task. So make sure all of the

Fint ofall, work with the players to makes
‘able ford

a presents
anded in a

that they
developcharacterconcepts that ar
the chronicle, and that fit with

A single evening in the ch
linear progression can produce anythi

advance through the decades. Instead,

choose momentsin history that serveas backdrops

of sessions, spacing them widely enough apare th

characters can develop from one sequence to tt

not so far apart as to lose any sense of contin
‘On the other hand, spacing the session

closely together defeats the purpose of che be

clironicle. Ideally the break poin

and in rough conjunction with i

waking up to a social and political landscape that's nearly

identical to the one she left behind, decades earlier? Make

nigh change between episodes to justify the

inging the Feel tree

torednaw the domain lines at your whim. Afterall, what can

ina Canute

ill have the option of d

IBERIA BY NIGHT

waking up and realizing that they're coming out of torpor in
the middle of extremely unfriendly territory?

Moop

The mood of a Reconquista chronicle is generally a

straightforward one: hard

tide sweeps slowly down the p

Muslitm states fall into discord and bickering. WI

may be temporary setbacks ("temporary" for a vampire, of
idsand

d, the resolu:

ling decades or centuries) as th
ads sweep north from Africa, in the ¢

nicle paralleling the action of the Reconquista,
from humble beginnings — for example,
y blooded neonates —and build
rarofelderseven asthe last battlesof expulsion rage. Bear
"Treaties, negotiations and intrigue are as much a part ofthe
Reconquista as open warfare
Also,temember that thehuman eventsofthe Reconquista
do not necessarily map precisely to the vampiric ones. After
all, it may be your characters intrigues that set up the bartles
thar take back Céedobaor Navarre. The dealsstruck by Arn
Noctis may lay the groundwork for the alliances that sunder
the tafas. Don't feel compelled to
the midst of every important bat
Frrtleswerefoughtdurin
a the inev

how your characters into
c. After all, most of those
day. But centering yourchronicle
that led to those conflies, and
jonsto set the stage for triumphor
Jefeat allows for a much wider range of actions, and for muuch

THEME
Reconpuita chronicles lend themselves toa faitly wide
range of themes. Conquest is the obvious one, but there are
possiblities. Asthe Reconquista displaced a great many
Islamic vampites it opened updomainsfor younger Christian
CCainites who were clever, lucky and in the righ place at the
chronicle based around a coterie of young Cainite
their mark by finding, seizing and building up their new
«domains in the face of relentless and entrenched oppasition
A third possbiltyistouse the theme ofthe new overt
he old s the established Muslim culture is washed
by the tide of history. Do the characters try to preserve what
they se before ther? Orare they the ones leading the ch
to destroy everything they come actoss? Ave they after the
ets that fleeing Muslim Cainites might have left behing?
Convenely, are they original inhabitants ofthe peninsula
Romans, pethaps, or Celtsor Visigoths — who were displaced
by Tariq and the Umayyads, and who are wrathfully taking
back dhcis hor

Croosine Sipes

In ment cases, a Reconquista chronicle is run from the
Christian side. Afterall, they're che ones doing so-called
reconquering. However, there are two other options, Iti
entirely possible to run a Reconquista chronicle from the
Muslim perspective. While the outcome ofthe war iscertain,

Ne pres
allowing the character' a


there's nothing that says the characters can't win their share

ictories along the way. Perhaps they're interested in

lable relics and knowledge before the barbaric

ling in, or they're laying the groundwork for

plans to come to fruition centuries ter. Another posibility

is a Jewish-themed chronicle. The Jewish community in

Theria was often precariously balanced between both sides in

dsta, and there is plenty of room fora chronicle

nteredon preserving the deras asthe Imesofbattle move
Jack and forth across the peninsula

THE SHORT VIEW

‘A chronicle focused on a particular moment in time
during the Reconquista has its benefits as well. Notably, it
allows fora much faster pace. Afterall, events are coming to
thea decisive moment is at hand and there' litle time
for mucking about with plans for the centuries ahead. A
short-term chronicle also saves on Storyteller effort in bal-
ancing long-term plots and antagonists.

‘The key toa time-specific chronicle inl
your spot in history. There are innumerable
provide enough tension to serve as an excel
Jrackdrop. While actual daylight b
the best setting for a Vampire chronicle, picking a confron
tation of particular interest and setting the chronicle a year
ortwobefore the actual fighting beginsotten works well. This
gives the characters time to affect the historical events
‘without being overwhelmed by them.

Cnoosine Stipes

ispicking

Another advantage of a time-specific Reconquista

chronicle is that there's much less pressure to land ¢
chronicle strictly on the conquerorsside ofthe fence. A
Reconuista se sawed between Chistian and Muslin

ries, its entirely logical toallaw the players to land on either
side oftheconict. Furthermore, varapiricgoalsaten'talways
parallel to human ones, so it's entirely possible for the
characters to succeed in their goals even ifthe human "side"
uly are tune elemely ait with eves

Moop AND THEME,

Ina short-term chronicle, mood and theme are more
we and less gradual than they are in the extended,

ical chronicle. There isan urgency to the moment. The

conflict is ess elegantand morebrutal,and che characters
ore likely to have their hands ditty than to rely on mortal
id immortal pawns carefully placed centuries before. As
such, short-term chronicles tend to have an edge to them

that larger scope games sometimes have worn away.

Story IDEAS

« AAguint the Talfa A renewed compoign against the
Muslim states is in the offing. The characters are assigned to
infiltrate the remaining taifas and sew ot. They may run
into some stiff Cainite opposition — ancient Muslim vam-
pires who have their own ideas about how the battle should
tun. And what if one of the coterie members decides he
prefers the taifa lifestyle, and blows the whistle?

* Hour of Battle: With a
characters decile to strike out into
nate as much of the opposition's Cainite support as possible.
There's strong opposition waiting fort
suddenly what began asaraiding parry becomes alight for life

705s hostile territory. But the only open toad leads deeper
al-Andalus

# Land Grab: The characters are Frankish, English and
Teutonic knights come west to make their fortunes in the
newly opened peninsula. Christian Cainite lords are offering
domainstothose who flock to their banners andsupporttheir
penitions, while the territories' previous inha
Juceant cogiveit up. Can the characters make:
survive the field of baetle and nav

tants are re

ight allies,
ate the treacherous shoals
‘of power politics, and still remain comrade

THE ISLAMIC
CHRONICLE

Just as there is no single moment that can be pointed to
as "the Reconquista," there's also no single, definitive snap-
shot ofal-Andalus. Muslim Spain can mean the empty cities,
freshly conquered by Tariq, the panicked decadence of the
lare Umayyad period, the puritanical fervor of the Berber
invasions or the squabbling, secularized intrigues of the
isolated taifas. That being said, there isa definite flavor to a
Maslin themed Theta chronicles endl of where and
when itis set.

I cestain way, the Isami chronicle is the mirror image
of the Recongusta chronicle. It can be time-specific ot drawn,

hrough the centuries, and many ofthe same decisionsneed
tobemade. Butcertainelementsofan Ashirra game areunigue

and need to be examined in their own particular context

Oricins

youneed to choose which al-Andalus you want to

st meansabove al the time period, Thedefault

date of Iberia by Night 1s 1212, a time of defeat for the
Manlims, when intrigue runs rampant between the taifa
sultans. Some try tomake the best ofa had situation and reach
agreement with the ascenda ian north while others
dedicate thes A group of
ambitious neonates can accompl inthe midst
of this transition, But as with a Christian chronicle, you can
casily st your stories in another time period. Ret
that deciding on the present day of your chronicle
same thing as deciding which period the characters them.
selves knew in their mortal lives, or when the conflicts in the
game started. It's entirely possible t0 se
nights of the Sevilla fa, in which the
isbecwcenekleswhohavebecn fight
cmirate period, while the coterie itself was Embraced during
the Almoravid invasion. This heady mix of diferent histor
cal baggage sone ofthe beautiesof games involvingimmortals

Scope
Just like a Reconquista chronicle, Moorish stories can,
center on one location or wander far afield. Indeed, bec

since the dependent


there's even the possibility of including North Africa (be
yond just Ceuta) as part of your gam

However, it

scope as well
cepingthe chronicle in one place hast
Tariq's invasion to the Nasrids, and this

headvantage of
1s. Furthermore, it allows
ical setting. Spreading
chronicle's hase out, however, provides greater

both landscapes and Storyteller characters. Th

larly tre i a land as diverse as Iberia, w

nature of its fractured gee vides neatly

into regions thar can make for excellent chronicle chapters.

aphy and politics,

Using this approach allows

not fleshing out Granada a "
Milagn and so forth,

rou're done with

J 1H CHARACTER
Players wis P
wid range of options. Because ther

slike thefor

livide (incide slconversionsat Lucena

ter can fit into either a Muslim or a Christian
hronicle, The close-knit juler communiti
censive mercantile connectiot

ting cha

jewish mil

unlkely pl
many places there i
and that ifthe

d this totheir Ca

hoose

cll, it may }

Ln-play manifestations of thi
ftheF

some pl

ING QUB

Thecomerstoneof Qabt

Dpear in
nical Dark Ages

game, but that lea lity

articipating in the debares thar led t0 i

Much of the debate that was introduc

related to th

which work

Cainites ge 1p

school of mysticism is s

Tremere, att

sy well with the

Moop
There are

yy number of moods that suit an Andalusian
many of which complement each other nicely. In
he chronicle's mood goes hand in hand with its
or at least the age that spawned the
characters. But there's no need to limit your game to asingle
feel. In

ad, examine the grounding you want and let the
Forataifachronicle, using the default date of 1212, there

ce several possibilities, Sadness and decadence can reinforce

each of ng. Afterall, the sun issertingon
1c #olden age ofthe city-states. But, ifthe end is inevitable
why not enjoy the last few hours of majesty? These inte

podscan set the stage very well forachronicle based

is an atmosphere of suspicion. With the enemy rapidly

paching and the various tifa (and their Ashirra courts)

eying for position with one another, there's precious

vst and a great deal for paranoia. A

vampiric sultan artempes to ensure his survival inthe fa
the tide of history, le Finally

anger. Such chronicles are action-oriented, as the
characters seek to bloody the outstretched hand of fate.
Raiding parties, assaults on Christian Cainites and so forth
can form the hedrock of this sort of story

ds to much intrigue

THEME
There are also
Ashirrachi
them
nesof handpiety

a, by the very definition of a Muslim-oriented chronicle,
are necessary. Ifyou abandon these and simply cast your al
Andalus game as standard Vampire: The Dark Ages set
south of the Tajo, you lose the unique flavor of your story
these themesshoulde carefully woven into the very

nic of the chronicle. After all, in a Muslim-themed game,

the character' shared faith is one oftheir defining character

merous themes available to you for an

.adalus. Interwoven with the narra
more traditional
votion, submis

J play with the themes related to that bond
at every opportunity. Test the char
they are offered a che
noble Christian Cainite. How is their decision made, and

rs! devotion wh
¢ of allies: a venal Ashirra or am

ConFuct
Atthe heart of any chronicle is conflict, and an A shirra:
based Iberian chronicle offers more vectors of conflict than
st. With al-Andalus crumblingaround them, the characters
way find ch from any of a myriad of
Jiffcrene directions, or several at once.

‘opposition comin

Themost obvious source of conflict inaMoorish chronicle
‘Christian Muslim
conflict isan excellent basis for starting a chronicle, thou
you may wish to refine it. Is the conflict genuinely religion
Is iccaking place only among Cainites, or is another phase of
ing as backdrop? Who i lined up on the
and can an accommodation be reached with

is the religious war of the Recongui

the mortal war se
cher side,


TH GAME AND THE METAGAN
One of the truisms of gaming is tha Jassor
ry (and n yone does} isnoway fora
xe from her
certain carele : fecha

for at leas
that perceived lack of risk to the chat
slackening of tens ron

within the

achilde or s
ions works well. If the pla is

arrogant) and the character suffered f

{then forcing that play ch

ob ah

i players know that e
danger here and now, ankl that th
matter if they don't make ic ou

Also, treating the

the southward expansion
kingdoms, but che conflict of the R
an make use of these elements as well

Religious conflict within the Muslim
possible star chronicle. The
Almohads were disdainful ofthe sof, irtever
they found in al-Andalus; there isa reason, after all, chat the
renowned poet-king al-Mu'tamid was tumed out of his
palace and set to driving his so-called allies' donkeys. And

them? in active

resistance € the Christia

ko a
oravids and

nt Umayyads

while the Berber empires may be gone or receding, the
Ashirra they brow
1c characters fighting &

or seckin
advancing Christians can serve as the

Jhewith chem havecertal
cenforce stricter religious
tostave off fanaticism — in

Snenlar conflict herwoen the wifas makes an excellent
friction within a game. The city-states hardly
fesent a unified front to the Christian armies. Some allied
ainst neighboring taifas, others paid
bute to avoid invasion, and all were as muc
with the preservation of local po with the grand sweep
With that being said, a tafa chronicle offers

ple possibilities. The pl
ticular cty-seare, seckin,

Christian kings
concemed

could be agents of a por

and win their home supremacy. Of course, all of the
have sultans who have precisely the same idea.
mild be working to end the inte

a unified front. Such a

ssely,thech

city conflict i

story line couk
tas <

pethaps, concerned represe

would be sultans)

Conflict withina single zfa isalso an excellent possibil
ity. With the grand political situation sounstable,sultansand
their advisors are unstabl
have struck ade

as well. Perhaps the characters
with the Christians offering the city up for
t be able to hold off the encroaching

suited to the task. A third

ion has let che Cainite

ve, betrayal and secret negotiations that
backfin

ly is that the mortal
nity

there' the possibilty of a

city hasbeen taken burt the characters refuse to abandon what

they consider to be rightfully thet

SAMPLE CHRONICLES

The previous pages have hopefully shown you just how

proad your options are for a Moorish chronicle. Here are few
acting points for a chronicle

© The Scourge

lace, and the chara
es po
sme with

youngCainites wh

it —can bs many sessions. Final

<capcure chronicle, in which the

The characters are Ashisrac
Jin a wife that has unfortunately attracted the
attent older, religiow aumpite, In
hisqu yews to proper orthodoxy,

worthy, Unfortunately,
ters favorite parts of the city

mfortabl

lessomeof the cl

and perhaps sist fe
And with a Christian army approaching, do ¢

dare attempt an alliance with the scourge — or against him

isinch
hharacters as well. Do the

Bioopy V!

alwa wngthematic possibility
fe presented with a situation in
ney hold dear ish
andofal

NGEANCE

tripped from
may be the comforts of
nce being stripped away by a stem
vor it may just be the loss of innocence
inevitably with the Embrace

themed game tends to work very well for
Te presents them with an
1 well-define
sicsare working well, hen youc

ne complex fora

identifiable enemy,

entered around extracti justices dn

function very well indeed,



This is a land of warring faiths and bu
but now the Christian kingdoms push them eve

slorious kingdoms rise. Behind ital, in the deepest
calls to blood, and e wil

¢ Moors ruled the peninsula,
th. Great schools die and

, we Cainites lurk. Blood
be ours.

Iberia by Night is a compl:
including both Christian

ams. The history,

s is the bloody
he land. Details on the vamg
xd sultans of the land, th owy Amici Noctis
mbra and the other forces in the
ugh material
for many stories inde

EN). ° Many opportunities for player coteries to establish
their own domains, either as hidden lords of
Muslim taifas or as secret powers of the Christian
Feconquest

Details for running epic chronicles covering
the whole Reconquista

* Appearances by such luminaries as
Archbishop Mongada and Lucita of
Aragon.

iii
