# File: Immortal Eyes 2 - Shadows on the Hill.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

‘NS

Yee Sere as. eam 2m on Se ee ee ee



Credits

Written by: Bill Bridges, Jennifer Linderg, Angel C. McCoy
Developed by: Jan Lemke

Edited by: Ed McKeogh

Additional Editing by: lan Lemke

Vice President in charge of Production: Rich Thomas
Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly and Aileen E. Miles
Layout and Typesetting: Matt Milberger
Ast: Jason Felix, Dave Fooden, Rebecca Guay, Mark Jackson,
Adam Rex

Border Art: Henry Higgenbotham

Front Cover Art: Rebecca Guay
Back Cover Design: Ash Amett, Aileen E. Miles,
Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

780 PARK NORTH BOULEVARD
b SUITE 100
eran CA NN
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
e
USA
GAME STUDIO
© by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for purposes of reviews. Changeling:
The Dreaming, Mage: The Ascension, Werewolf:
The Apocalypse, Wraith: The Oblivion, Vampire:
The Masquerade and Immortal Eyes: Shadows on the
Hill are all trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.
The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the

trademarks or copyrights concerned.
PRINTED IN CANADA

Immoreal Cyes: Shadows on che hun

Special Thanks

In place of the usual special thanks I would like to
thank a few playtesters who were left off the original list.
So without further ado, avery big thanks to Chris Werner,
Skott Kilander, Abe Dashiel, Mimi Tzeng, Nate Cashman
and Allen Thomas. Sorry we missed you the first time.


Book Two: Oramacis Personae

§ ) Chapcer Four: The Seehie Courc

¢ ) Chapcer Live: The Unseelie Courc
{\ Chapcer Six: The Gallain andProdigal

Chapzer Seven: Scenes
Appendix: The Cdenehune



Immortal Eyes: Shadows on the Hill is a new kind of
World of Darkness supplement called a chronicle
sourcebook. This means that it will supply you with the
tools you need to create your own chronicle, but is not
meant to be the end-all, be-all source of idea for your
chronicle creations. Indeed, you should feel free to change,
alter, fold, spindle and mutilate the characters, settings, and
action depicted herein to your heart's content. Change is
necessary in order to make a chronicle that is in your style.

The setting contains enough information for you to
do this, although you will have to familiarize yourself with
the principal characters in the back-story of the chronicle
(especially those in charge or who are very active) and you
will have tocome to intuitively understand the geographic
layout of the city and the bay area.

This book is the second ina three-part series of chronicle
sourcebooks. When completely published, they will make

up the Immortal Eyes chronicle.

The Immorcal
Cyes Chronicle

This series of chronicle sourcebooks will give you a

host of tools to use in running your regular Changeling
chronicle. You will be able to run many different chapters
(game sessions) based on it, but you should also bi

that it is intended as a long-term, over-arcing saga

Although each sourcebook will give you more of the total
picture of where the overall back-story is heading, you
need to decide before you start playing the Immortal Eyes
chronicle whether you wish to involve your players with
the tremendous and epic quest which is the backbone

holding together all three sourcebooks.

Incroduccion


Backstory: The Cuesc
of che Cyes

If you've played the sample story (also:called "The
Toybox") in the Appendix of Changeling: The Dream-
ing, then your player's quest for the Immortal Eyes has

already begun. Further details on the quest can be found in
the first installment of the trilogy, Immortal Eyes: The
Toybox. Depending on how the characters have pro-
ceeded you may now be ready for them to proceed on to the
second part of the trilogy, Shadows on the Hill.

Although we cannot give you the full details of the quest
in this sourcebook for space reasons, you have been given
enough supplementary material with this sourcebook to run
other plots in your stories as well as the main, quest-oriented
one. You should be able to get months of enjoyment out of
this sourcebook before it is time to move on to the third part
in the trilogy, Immortal Eyes: Court of All Kir

Just so you know what you're getting into, the trilogy
of sourcebooks will take the characters from the Hawai'ian
islands across the sea to the Emerald Isle, Ireland. As a
result of your storytelling this chronicle, your characters
will become the focus of an epic saga that could conceiv-
ably have world-changing effects based on their actions
This is no walk on the beach! It is the hero's journey in
classic style — and your characters will go through the
depths of the underworld before (potentially! hopefully!)
returning from it

An Island of [lowers
Chronicle

If you are not the kind of Storyteller who likes to run
thissort of chronicle, don't despair. We have also provided
extensive city information about the Hawaiian Islands. In
fact, the entirety of Book One could almost be considered
a supplement in and of itself — it gives you enough
information for you to run your Changeling: The Dream-
ing chronicle the way you would like. You can even raid
Book Two for characters you'd like to include. Unlike
other city sourcebooks previously published by White
Wolf, Book One is meant to be a general introduction to
Hawai'i's history and geography, useful for any story set in
the World of Darkness.


owito Use Book One

Chapter One: Introduction provides you with some
general information about Hawai'i in addition to some
info on changeling customs in Hawai'i. Chapter Two:

, of

History gives you the history, both real and chimer
Hawai'i. Chapter Three: Geography gives youa brief run-
down of Hawai'i. It also provides you with information
about specific Kithain sites around the islands.

wuco Use Book Two

Chapter Four: The Seelie Court, details the Seelie
Kithain of Hawai'
Five: The Unseelie Court, describes the Unseelie presence

i, both commoners and nobility. Chapter

eS

onthe islands. Chapter Six: Gallain and Prodigal, details the
other supernatural inhabitants of the islands, including the
elusive Menehune. Chapter Seven: Scenes provides several
stories set in Hawai'i. These stories allow a Storyteller to
involve the characters in the quest for the Immortal Eyes
without actually becoming a part of it. The Appendix pro-
vides details on how to create Menehune characters, as well
as a complete chronology of the Shadows on the Hill novel.

A Einal Cord

However you decide to use Immortal Eyes: Shadows
on the Hill, remember this, asa Storyteller, you are respon-
sible not only for your troupe having fun, but also for your
own enjoyment.

Incroduccion



Overview

Hawai'i: Land of paradise and magic. Of cool, tropical

nights on the beach and hula music. Nexus of the Big Wave
marlin catch for fishermen. A place
about the hectic schedule

for surfers or the p
where one can kicl
of modern life. Atl the tourism brochures say.
Hawai'i, the last state to enter the union of the United
States of America, has long served as a destination point
ioning Americans and many others besides. The

state consists of a string of islands in the South Pacific,

for vaca

from the Big Island of Hawai' itself to the tiny, uninhab-
ited atolls spread ina northwestward chain. Popularized by
-" and "Hawaii Five-
O," the island's crowded beaches and lush interior stir the

television shows such as "Magnum F

imaginations of many people. And where there is imagina-
tion, there are changelings.

xation and
fun for many, the islands themselves are not at rest. At

While the islands are a place of rest, rel

one, the Big Island (Hawai'i) is still in the process of
creation. Active volcanoes — Mauna Loa and Kilauea —
still spew forth the raw makings of the earth: molten lava.
This reminder of untamed, primal nature often teaches
harsh lessons to the islanders, who are lost in their visions

of man-made paradise, as many housing developments
have been swallowed by recent eruptions.

The real image of the islands can only be glimpsed by
looking past the tourist gloss. Hawai'i is a place of contrasts:
Ofviolent, quaking earth and quiet, lush solitude. Of wealthy
foreigners and poor natives. Of intensely congested streets
and uninhabited (at least by humans) rainforests. Yet these
contrasts do not seem to lead to tension, although conflicts
can break out between haoles (foreigners) and natives or over
city needs and wilderness rights. The islands do seem to calm
the nerves of everyone living on them. At least until Pele,
the volcano goddess, leaps from the earth again.

Chimeric Mawar'

Hawai'i is part of the Kingdom of Pacifica, ruled over
by Queen Aeron. Her regent governor rules from a free-
hold near Waikiki, on the island of O'ahu, and from there
he regulates the courtly doings of the local Kithain.

However, notall local changelings partake of Waikiki's

the city of Hilo, on Ha
ing freedom from responsibility and

courtly intrigu
fae gather, s

from retribution for their breaking of Seelie laws. They are
a rebellious and wild bunch, untamed in the lands they
came from and untamed in their new home on Hawai'i.

Chapzer One: Seccing


??.
fl

LO tUGiN tS

But the oldest residents of the islands have even less to
do with Queen Aeron's courts. The Menehune, the native
fae, live in
cities and development of the forests. They draw Glamour

usion, far from the banal bluster of the big

from the land itself, from the remnant dreams of an earlier
age and from the dreams of the traditional natives who still
remember the old ways. On Kaua'i, at the foot of the extinct
volcano, Wa le, the Menehune built their greatest
village to resist the tides of Banality. Moe'uhane — the
village of the Dream — is now home to the largest group of
remaining Menehune. While other Menehune visit the
other islands, hiding from foreign changelings and natives
alike, only on Kaua'i is there still a strong remnant of the
past. Nonetheless, Menehune can be found at play among
the native crafters of Ni'ihau or wandering the lava flats and
forests of the Volcanoes National Park on the Big Island.

The Islands

Following in Pele's legendary footsteps (from north-
west to southeast), the islands are:

Ni'ihau — Spo
privately owned island are mostly native Hawai'ians pur-
suing traditional lifestyles and crafts.

ely inhabited; the residents of this

Immoral Cyes: Shadows on che hu

Kaua'i— An island of lush beauty, marked by a long-
extinct volcano mountain. Recognizable as the
quintessential tropics thanks to many Hollywood films
that have used its jungles as backdrop, including "Raiders
of the Lost Ark" and "Jurassic Park."

O'ahu — The most densely populated island, home
to the capital of Honolulu and many famous attractions:
Waikiki Beach, Pearl Harbor and northshore surfing.

Moloka'i — Largely undeveloped as yet; this island's
population is 50% native. It sees perhaps the least tourism
of Hawai'i's main islands, and residents seem to prefer this.
Long ago, Moloka'i was a magical island, home to many
kahunas (priests). The sacred hula dance was born here.

Lana'i — A small, rugged island that has only re-
cently attracted tourism. It was once home to huge
pineapple fields from the Dole corporation. Long ago, the
island was avoided by islanders, for evil spirits were said to
dwell here. But a boy who was exiled to the island defeated
them and opened the island for habitation.

Maui — Named after the legendary trickster and fire-
bringer of Hawai'ian mythology, this island sees much tourism.
Famous for its Haleakala Crater National Park (the largest
dormant volcano in the world), Maui also has a rain forest
and many preserves, safe from the coast's rapid development.


Hawai'i — The Big Island. Here is Kilauea, home of

Pele, the volcano goddess. This volcano erupts often,
although not violently (compared to continental volca-
noes). The city of Hilo is on the ea

coast, and a major
tourist Mecca stretches across the western Kona Coast.

Chmace

Hawai'i isin the tropics, and that means mild weather
year round. The lowest temperature ever recorded was 12°
F (in Pahala, Hawai'i) while the highest was 100° F
(Mauna Loa, Hawai'i). Coastal areas average between 85°
F and 65° F. The average water temperate for swimming
areas is 74° F (80° F in the summer).

Hawai'i has a great variety of ecosystems. It includes
probably the only islands in the world where one can find
both snow (on the highest peaks) and temperate beaches
The wettest place, Mount Wai'ale'ale
460" of rain per year, while the driest,

i), gets 14" per year. In general, the

tern) sides of the island receive more

ward sides. This is the direction from
which the tradewinds blow.

and rainfo
(Kaua'i), re:
Mahukona (Ha
windward (northe
rainfall than the |

Bad storms can sneak up from leeward, however
("kona weather" —a south wind). The island is threat-
ened occasionally by typhoons — huge waves usually

caused by earth tremors associated with voleanic erup-
tions. These devastating waves have killed many a poor
soul caught on the beach after Pele has walked abroad.

Deople

Hawai'i has a population of at least a million people
and growing. The largest portion of the resident popula-
tion is still native or part native, followed by whites and
Japanese in almost equal proportion. Filipinos, immi-
grants from South and Central America and Asians make
up the rest of the resident population. But the most
numerous people on the island at any one time are the
tourists, mainly American but also Japanese and other
Asian visitors.

The natives make their living mainly in the service
sector, at the various restaurants and hotels which cater to
tourists. Some natives live by selling native crafts —
mainly leis — and there is a growing return to traditional
ways among many of them.

Hawai'i experienced its first influx of foreigners in the
1800s, as whalers used the islands asa base for their deep-sea
hunts. Following these rowdy transients came the land
barons. These rich magnates needed cheap labor to work the
sugar cane, pineapple and coffee fields they had set up in this
temperate climate. This brought in Asians and Filipinos by


thehundreds. To this day, the islands show signs of long-time
Asian culture, such as in Honolulu's Chinatown.

But perhaps the most telling migration was the postwar
wave of Americans. Many of these had been stationed on the
islands during the Pacific Campaign and came to love them.
They came in droves over the following decades, bringing
theirculture of commodity with them. Hawai'i today is largely
the result of their making: tourist Mecca to the middle classes.

Economics

Farbeyond any other industry on Hawai, tourism rules:
$9.2 billion dollars are spent yearly by over seven million
visitors to the islands. Tourism provides jobs for natives and
profits for entrepreneurs. Following behind tourism are the
defense industry (U.S. military bases and Navy tests on the
atolls), sugar refining and fishing (Hawai'i provides large
amounts of sashimi to Japan; just about every angler can count
onselling his big catches to the Japanese-owned fish houses).

The chief crops are sugar, pineapple, flowers, macad-
amia nuts, fruits and coffee. Hawai'i's climate is especially
good for macadamia nuts, grown in few other places.

Traveling co Pawar

The most common way to reach the islands is by
plane. Honolulu International Airport is the most likely
destination point, although planes leave from there for
any of the islands (between 6:00 a.m. and 9:00 p.m.,; there
are no late night flights between islands).

Luxury cruise ships come and go to the islands all the
time andare another popular method of getting to Hawai'i.
Ferries run between the islands at different hours, depend-
ing on the islands traversed.

Geccing Around
onan Island

Once on the islands, there are various methods of
getting around. Rental cars are available with a valid
driver's license and a credit card. Bus service varies with
the island: Oahu has the best, called "TheBus"; Hawai'i

hasa bus service among various points on the island (Hilo

to the Kona coast or Volcanoes National Park); Kaua'i
has the "Iniki Bus"; while Maui and Moloka'i have no
public transit. Taxis are also available.

Bicycles and mopeds are popular modes of transporta-
tion and can be rented or bought in almost any big city on
the islands.

When getting directions from a local, it helps to
understand some basics of local orientation. Makai is
toward the ocean. Mauka is toward the mountains. Also,


actual sites are often used instead of the familiar east-west.
On Oah'u, one might be told to go ewa for west or told to
"go Waikiki" for east (if one is west of Waikiki).

Tourism

Tourism and Hawai'i are synonymous. Millions flock to
the islands every year for the sun, the beach, the waves
fish. An economic infrastructure has grown up around servic
ing these visitors and meeting their demands. High
hotels dot the coasts of O'ahu and the Kona Coast of Hawai'.
Malls, shopping centers, golf courses, mini theme pat!
other attractions have sprouted to ensure that these visitors
are never bored or run out of things to spend their money on.

Another mini-industry is housing. Real estate devel-
opers have built housing communities as fast as they could
sell them to foreign investors, usually upper middle class
couples ready to retire to the islands or well-to-do families
seeking to get away from the urban nightmares back on the
mainland. This accelerated development has led, in many
cases, to financial disaster for the émigrés. Only after
moving into their dream homes do they discover that they
are downhill from an active volcano. Many watch as their
neighbor's homes are engulfed in | ach vainly hoping
that theirs will be the one house spared by Pele's fury.

The develope learn from these lessons (they
aren't the ones left destitute by molten rock) and push
onward with new plans and houses on potentially dangerous
sites. The Kona Coast is full of housing starts that could be
ruined if Mauna Loa ever decides to belch hot rock again.

Glamour for the Taking

The many visitors to the island have attracted
many Kithain eager for the Glamourso readily available
from the visitors wonder and the beauty of the islands.
The Seelie-run court of the governor in Waikiki makes
sure that the largest destination point for tourists is
carefully policed, ensuring that no mortal leaves Rav-
aged (at least they try to ensure this), so that the tourist
might relive his vivid vacation the following year.

But the Unseelie gathering near Hilo on the Big
Island feel differently about their visitors. They feel
that, if the mortals are foolish enough to bring their
Glamour within reach, it is for the taking. Ravaging
iscommon among them, although their low numbers
rarely cause even a ripple in the tourist trade. Who
cares if someone leaves with a bad experience? There
are always more coming every day.

The Menehune never engage in Ravaging, and
since they rarely come even close to the tourist
centers, they rarely encounter tourists.


Cvencs

Hawai'ians celebrate many of the same festivals and
events that most Americans do. One festival indigenous
to the islands is Kamehameha Day (June 11), celebrating
the famous king who consolidated an empire around the
islands. Other events include a national running mara-
thon, bike races, and various hula dances. These events
vaty by island and time of ye

The Hulawasonceareligiousdance,acelebration ofall
Hawai'ian culture. It was an excuse to recount the creation
story of the islands, the gods and the people. It was a
sacrament and a secular festival. Today, the hula is mainly
aeociated widhullelelevand bellydancing womenwerfonte
ing in polite and safe ways for tourists, maybe with
accompaniment by Don Ho. There are still traditional Hula
practitioners who take their calling seriously, but the facile
image is already burned into the public consciousness

Changeling Hondays
inthe | Ropics

Among the courts of Oah'u, the birthday of

Queen Aeron (July 17) is always celebrated. An
annual surfing contest is also held at Waikiki in early

Immorcal Eyes: Shadows on che Hit

winter, a time when the governor awards a pri
best surfer, usually a commoner. The exact time of the
contest varies each year; it is called whenever the
biggest waves appear. The current champion is Wayno,
asurf bum redcap who claims to own a surfboard once
used by Duke Paoa Kahanamoku, the famous Olympic
gold medalist who popularized Hawai'i and surfing.
The Menehune still practice the age-old feasts of
Lono, the god of plenty. They divide the year into two
seasons: the Makahiki, or four-month harvest festival,
and the eight-month season of fishing and war, tradi-
tionally overseen by the god Ku. The Makahiki
celebrates the Menehune ties to the land, especially to
their plant totems. A sporting contest is held during
this time, when many Menehune engage in the art of
uma, a wrestling competition. The games of Lono
very important to them. The other eight months
less important; the worship of Kuand the arts of war by
humans was largely instituted by King Kamehameha.
Those few Menehune with fish totems (such as shark)
regard this period highly.


Accommodazions

It is not at all hard to find lodging in Hawai'i. The
prices range from under $60 a night (mainly hotels away
from the main tourist spots) to over $120 a night for the
high-class, prime location hotels. The more popular spots
may not be available during the height of the tourist

Laws of Hospreaticy =
Nazive and New

The Oah'u courts hold to traditional western fae
customs of hospitality. As long as you are not an
oathbreaker, you will be a welcome guest.

The Unseelie of Hilo are less friendly; their
hospitality depends on what you can give them in
return and is entirely up to the individual change-
ling. If your usefulness — in whatever form: stories,
entertainment, knowledge—runs out, you will prob-
ably have to find lodging elsewhere.

The Menehune respect the old Hawaiian tradi-
tions of hospitality among themselves: all Menehune
are welcomed with open arms, with aloha (love).
However, they keep their distance from the foreign
changelings, fearing their Banality. Acceptance of
these foreigners is on a case-by-case basis only; char-
acter and virtuous behavior says more to the
Menehune than empty words.

season unless reservations are made well ahead of time.
The resort hotels, especially the "destination points,"
equipment, golf
courses, tour buses, etc. These hotels are meant to be mini-
cities for the entertainment needs of touris

CDood and Acmosphere

Hawai'i is an exciting place for changelings. The
constant flow of people allows them continuous access to
Glamour from all walks of life and all attitudes. This would
normally be a dangerous proposition, risking the cold
touch of Banality, but people come to Hawai'i expecting
magic. They throw off their worldly cares — they're here
to have fun. Even the stiffest and most banal of humans

often have luxury pools, saunas, exer

loosens his collar when he hits the islands.

This does not mean that Banality is not present; it is.
There is no escape from it even on these remote, happy
islands. Banality is here in the form of the greedy developers,
the cynical boat captains, the resentful natives and many
other forms besides. For instance, in the eyes of many
scientists come tostudy the volcanoes, these ancient marvels
are not magical sites of world creation but are instead
instances of abnormal geology, rated for their mineral con-
tent or by their statistical chances to erupt. Pele-respecting
Menehune stay well away from these icy humans.

But the islands are more alive than dead. From the

wild nights in Honolulu to the beautiful landscapes of

Kaua'i, Hawai'i's magic glows bright by both night and day.



One thing only is certain: the past has far more secrets

to reveal than all those that have been discov

dina

century of scientific investigation.

— Patrick Kirch, Feathered Gods and Fishhooks

Bornin Lire

The woman Pele burst forth at Nomilu,
She flashed to the heavens, on and on.
The woman Pele burst forth at Kakakalua,
She flashed to the heavens, on and on.

It was awe-inspiring, awe-inspiring,

She flashed to the heavens, on and on.

— Traditional Pele chant and hula

The earth was born of fire and pressure. Hot, fluid
rock burst from the earth from millions of volcanoes,
spreading forth and cooling into a rugged and rounded
mantle. As the volcanoes slowly died, the winds and seas
went to work on them, eroding them. These forces, com-
bined with earthquakes, began to arrange the world,

chopping and smoothing the cooled rock into mountains
and valleys and rocks and soil and sinking some land under
the seas.

Life came and set down roots, growing over the
centuries into many forms of beings, from plants to ani-
mals. Things settled down. The earth grew quiet.

But not everywhere. Creation is not over. It's still
going on, deep down under the mantle and erupting forth
in places like Mt. St. Helens in Washington State, and in
Hawai'i. The Ring of Fire girding the Pacific. All part of
the same seismic activity.

The Hawai'ian islands were each formed from volca-
noes in various ages. A "hot spot" —apz vay from the
earth's molten core to the mantle — exists under the
islands. Over the centuries, as the mantle drifted north-

Chapcer Two: Nawarian Mise ‘oRY


west, the islands moved away from the hot spot — except
for Hawai'i, the newest of the islands and the one still
sitting on top of the tunnel leading to primal creation
Hawai'i's Kilauea volcano sits right on top of that hot
corridor. It is a very active volcano, and it is not for
nothing that the Hawai'ians call it Pele's home. Pele is the
Hawai'ian volcano goddess. Legend states that she once
traveled the islands one by one, settling on each fora while
and then moving on. The route of her long journey from
northwest to southeast is the route from the oldest islands
to the newest, the opposite direction of the islands' drift
When Pele lived on an island, it was alive with
volcanic activity. When she lived on Kaua'i, for instance,
that island sat on top of the hot spot. In other words, Pele's
been around a long, long time. It took her thousands of
years to finally get to the Big Island, and she's been there
for centuries now
There are signs that she's planning to move on soon!
a small, developing volcano has been discovered off the
south coast of Hawai'i. led the Loihi Seamount, it
looks to be Pele's next home in the coming centuries.
So, the islands were born from volcanoes and still live
amid volcanoes. Creation never ends.

The [irsc Oreamers

of the Isle

The Mu-ai-maia are aborigines of Kaua'i, already
there when "the first people" came to the island. They
are a short stocky race with bushy hair, beards and
eyebrows, active runners, and with a guttural way of
talking different from the Hawai'ian. They know
nothing of cooking food and living on wild plants...
Hawaiians still fear to camp on the small plateau
above the valley where the Mu made their home,
believing it to be still haunted by their spirits.

— Martha Beckwith, Hawai'ian Mythology

Before humans came to the islands, other dreamers
lived there. Legends are unclear, for this period of prehu-
man residence isnot spoken of much in Hawai'ian myth. It
is believed that spirits lived on the islands, but that they
had gone by the time humans arrived.

Tales are still told of the lost continent of Mu, a
fabled Pacific land that, like its Atlantic counterpart,
Atlantis, sunk beneath the waves long before re-


corded history began. Who were the people of Mu?
Where they human or spirit? No one can say.

But the Menehune have their own tales of these
people, as unclear as they are. The Menehune of today
arrived with the human settlers, but claim that there
were other creatures of dream already here. These be-
ings, "little people," quickly disappeared and rarely
showed themselves to the new children of human dreams.
They are now believed to be gone entirely.

Did their dreams run out? Perhaps they could only.
live butso long on the remnant memories of those who had
dreamed them into existence. For when the dreamer dies
(or awakens), his dreams must slowly fade into the Mists.

So, the original inhabitants of the islands, whether
spirits or citizens of Mu, disappeared without a trace (if
they ever did, indeed, exist). The children of their
dreams stayed on the islands for a while longer, but
eventually faded away themselves, leaving hints and
traces — and their names — to the new fae.

The Menehune of today claim their heritage from
the Hawaiians, but they recognize and hold holy some
secrets left from those who came before them, from a
much older, more primal dream.

Pele

When Pele had a party, everybody came; she was a
lusty long-haired beauty who danced naked on molten
lava with a gourd of gin in each hand, and anybody who
didn't like it was instantly killed.

— Hunter S. Thompson, "The Curse of Lono"

Pele is part of Lono's family. These gods are associ-
ated with the earth and fertility. They are seemingly
older gods than the later ones (such as Ku, the war god)
introduced by the kahuna, Pa'ao.

Pele travels abroad in the land in many guises. Her
most famous form is that of an old lady wandering along
the road or over the lava flats. It is wise to be nice to her
if you see her; otherwise, you might find yourself running
from a lava flow or engulfed in a cloud of deadly sulfur.

Kamapua a

His snout was of great size, and with it [he] dug the
earth,

He dug until he raised a great mound.

He raised a hill for his gods,

A hill, a precipice in front...

For the offspring of the pig that was born

— Martha Beckwith, Hawai'ian Mythology

Kamapua'a is the pig god of the islands. He repre-
sent male power, especially adolescent male power with
all its rampant, ungovernable emotions. Kamapua'a ran
about all the islands, tearing them up.

There is a tale of Kamapua'a's and Pele's stormy
relationship. The pig arrived on the Big Island and was
attracted to Pele. After a period of throwing taunts and
insults back and forth, the two finally got together. But
their... coupling... was dangerous to the island and the
people. The kahunas pleaded with Pele's sister Kapo, who
lured the pig away by detaching her... well, sexual organ...
and leading him to the other islands, where his pursuit of
her... organ... caused many craters to form. Meanwhile,
Pele went home and declared the right of separate domain,
whereby Kamapua'a got the wet, windward sides of the
islands, while Pele got the dry, leeward sides.

Pigs were important to the Hawai'ians not only as
a food source, but sacramentally as well. A roasted pig
was important to every holy feast. Hunting the pig was
also a holy activity.

Traditional Hawai'ians still carry these beliefs, and
problems have arisen between them and conservationists
of late. Foreign boars are tearing up the ecosystems of
many forests, uprooting native plants and carrying the
seeds of foreign plants in their fur. Invariably, the tena-
cious foreign plants take over the uprooted land.

Natives don't like the pig population control plans
instituted by conservationists in their attempt to save
the delicate, native ecosystem. They see it as an insult
to Kamapua'aand their traditional ways. It is ironic that
the eco-sensitive natives now have to suffer insults to
their traditional beliefs in an attempt to save their
native ecology.


Visicors ARRIVE

The Polynesians are believed to have migrated from
Southeast Asia through Indonesia into the islands of
Samoa and Tonga (circa 1000 B.C.). Over the next 1,500
years, they settled throughout the South Pacific in the
Marquesas, Tahiti, Easter Island and other islands.

They were quite the sailors. In their double-hulled
canoes, they traveled far and wide, navigating by the stars

their knowledge of navigating
by ocean currents is largely lost today.

They finally got to Hawai'i sometime between 500
and 700 A.D. The first settlers are believed to have been
from the Marquesas. They were followed by the Tahitians,
who, in about 1,000 A.D.

Marquesas settlers.

A Ricual Cutcure

Soon after Tahiti had claimed the islands, a kahuna
named Pa'ao came to the Big Island.

came and conquered the earlier

Pa'ao changed
Hawai'ian life and culture for centuries to come by intro-
ducing the kapu system of ritual and supernatural taboos.
Along with the kapu came a new caste system. Society was
now divided into strict roles and hierarchies: ali'i (chief),
kahuna (priest), maka'ainana (commoner) and kauwa (out-
cast).

The chiefs held the most mana, or magical power.
They were sacrosanct, and commoners were required to
fall prostrate before them when they came, heralded by
guards blowing conch shells. None were allowed to stand
on the chief's shadow, as this could mean disaster to his
mana, which was really the mana of the people.

The punishment for breaking a kapu was death. The
taboo breaker had one chance: he could run to reach a
pu'uhonua —a sacred place of refuge — before his hunters
could reach him. Once safely within the bounds of a
pu'uhonua, he was protected. Anyone who entered the
refuge chasing after him was killed by the refuge's kahunas
ve broken a kapu himself. After

—for the pursuer would hz

a few days, the transgressor was allowed to leave the refuge
and was treated as if nothing had happened — life re-
turned to normal.

Pa'aoalso brought with him a new dynasty, beginning
with a man named Pili. This royal line eventually birthed
Kamahameha, who would unite the islands into one
kingdom. Until Kamahameha, each island had its own
king, and there were sometimes hostilities between them.

But life was not necessarily rigid and oppressive.

E

Food was plentiful, growing just about everywhere. The
for the crops (although

tence on the tropical islands was, well, a paradise

climate brought few surprises

20 Immoral Cyes: Shadows on the hu

Ss

tsunamis and volcanic eruptions occasionally caused
trouble). Games were

common: surfing, kite flying
and dancing. hula dances were held to celebrate the sacred
tales of the people, and Iu'aus (feasts) were thrown to
celebrate all manner of affairs. Kindness and hospitality
were an important part of life; they were part of aloha, a
spirit of love that was deeply ingrained in Hawai'ian
culture.

Although the kapu could be severe, they were none-
theless important to maintain the ecological balance on
an island far from the mainland. Kapu declared what time
of year certain fish could be caught and for how long; in
this way, the fish were allowed ample time to restore their
numbers. The same was true of man
interaction with the plant and animal life of the islands.

pects of Hawai'ian

The Hawai'ian islands have a unique ecosystem in
that the plants and animals have few defenses against
predators, having developed so long without them (this is
changing for the worse now, since so many foreign species
have been introduced in the last century). There are no
native poisonous plants, and few plants have thorns or
other painful ph'
mal before the

al defenses. The largest native mam-
rival of the pig was a bat. The kapu

allowed the Hawai'ians to live in harmony with beings

that were never hostile to them.

CDenehune and Kapa

The Menehune still hold the kapu system sacred.
Much in the same way as the sidhe still cling to a
medieval European past, the Menehune harken back
to traditional Hawai'ian culture. To the Menehune,
the kapu hold magical significance. To break such a
taboo brings trouble not only on the taboo breaker, but
on all the people, for to break a taboo is to bring
Banality to the fae.

Many of the taboos that modern humans look at as
metaphors or practical laws actually have magical ramifi-
cations to the Menehune. The ali'i are the holders of the
people's store of Glamour, much as balefire is for Euro-
pean fae. Thus, to step on the shadow of the ali'i is to steal
Glamour from him and thus from all the Menehune.

Even if the taboo breaker suffers no penalties from
the act, a penalty will surely occur later, and not neces-
sarily to him but to others. To break any of Pele's taboos
isto incur her wrath; she may not strike immediately, but
she will eventually. A taboo breaker is thus worse than
an oath-breaker among European fae. He doesn't just
harm himself and his oathmates; he harms everyone.


The Coming
of Captain Cook

Therefore he instituted the games called makahiki, and
ordered that they should be held in his honor, and then
sailed for foreign lands on a three-cornered raft, stating that
he would return some day, and that was the last of Lono
He was never seen anymore; his raft got swamped perhaps
But the people always expected his return, and they were
easily led to accept Captain Cook as the restored god.

— Mark Twain, Letters from Hawai'i

The account of Captain Cook's visit to Hawai'i and
the resulting tragedy is famous and has formed the basis of
a fierce debate in anthropological circles to this day.

In 1778, Captain Cook was in the Pacific heading for
the Arctic, searching for a passage between the Atlantic
and the Pacific oceans. He discovered the Hawai'ian
islands by accident and, arriving off Kaua'i, he found the
natives kind and helpful. After trading for food, he set off
to find his northwest passage. He left iron goods behind
and, ever since, the Hawai'ians wanted to trade only for
this wonderful metal.

A year later, Cook returned, with no northwest pas-
sage discovered. This time, he set anchor off the Kona
Coast on the Big Island. Here, he was greeted as a god.

It was coincidence that returned Cook to the islands
at the beginning of the festival of Lono. The great god had
left the islands long ago, swearing to return one day. When
Cook pulled up in his magnificent ship, he was presumed
tobe the returned god, just in time for his feast. The people
went crazy. The next few weeks became a time of intense
partying.

After months in the Arctic, Cook's crew was ready to
partake of the paradise offered them. Despite Cook's
orders otherwise, they took many natives to bed, infecting
them with venereal diseases. They received love and joy
and unwitting returned these gifts with a death sentence

on the native population (by the mid-1800s, only one-

sixth of the population remained).

Once his ship's stores were replenished and some
information on the natives documented, Cook set out to
return home. But his foremast snapped in a storm and he
was forced to return to the Hawai'ian bay. Butitis not good
whena god returns with a broken mast, defeated by the sea.
The Hawai'ians were not happy about Lono's return in
disgrace. Already, they had happily given much of their
food and resources to him. But now, for him to return
asking for more so soon... it was not right.

The Hawaiians had come to like their new iron very
much and wanted more. Some iron goods were stolen and


a series of events was launched that led to the death of a
god and one of the greatest of explorers: When the iron
goods were not returned, Cook confronted the Hawai'ians
on the beach. The anger of the natives was too much, and
Cook was struck down. He groaned as he fell, and the
people knew then that he was not a god. Immediately,
many natives fell upon him and clubbed him to death.

Cook's crew was understandably furious, and they set
about to punish the native Hawai'ians, razing their vil-
lages and killing many. Finally, the chiefs agreed to return
Cook's remains to the crew. They had taken them, as is the
manner with the death of powerful people, and distributed
the bones among themselves for the mana. But they
returned the powerful bones and peace was finally at-
tained. The ship left the harbor in a state of shoc

Two young officers on the ship would later return to
the Pacific: Captain Vancouver and Captain Bligh, the
latter famed for his command of the Bounty.

Banalicy Arrives

From the first iron nail traded to a Hawai'ian on
Kaua'i, the Menehune felt the wave of a coming storm.
Banality had arrived with the new visitors. The first
visitors stayed a short time, and the danger left with
them, except for their cold metal artifacts. Many
Menehune knew that their time had come and tried to
return from whence they came, to the Dreaming, But the
gates were closed to them. Arcadia was theirs no longer.

Earlier, the selkies had come, bearing a great
artifact to be kept by the ali'i, the shadow stone, and
they had warned that the gates to the Dreaming were
closed. But many did not believe them. There was no
evidence of it around them. Who needed to return to
Arcadia, when the dreams here were full of life and
love? But after Cook arrived, the Menehune found out
too late that they were trapped in a world growing
colder around them.

The visitors soon returned and this time stayed
longer. They traded more of their cold metal and
spread disease among the humans. When Cook was
killed, part of the islands' magic died with him. The
death of a god is a terrible thing, even if it was but a
physical manifestation of the god. But Cook was not
Lono. And the realization of this by some Hawai'ians
was painful to the Menehune, who relied on their
Glamour, their belief in a magical world.

But the worst was yet to come.

King Kamehaneha
g

After Cook, the islands changed. Kamahamaha, a
young warrior at the time of Cook's arrival, rose to power
st the other islands,
seeking to make a kingdom of all Hawai'i. He was aided in

and began a militai mpaign agai
this by western cannons, which he acquired after becom-
ing familiar with them on Cook's ship. He defeated the last
of his enemies in battle on O'ahu in 1795.

"Kamehameha the Great" he has since been called,
and indeed, many things he did were great. He was a wise
ruler and reverenced the gods and their ceremonies; he
made sure others also held this reverence. He created a
reign of peace on the island after his series of conquests
under which citizens had rights to safety on all his roads.

The Law of the Splintered Oar ensured that peaceful
citizens were immune from raids and senseless pillages by
rival chiefs. The story goes that Kamehameha was in-
volved in raids on peaceful citizens himself and was hit on
the head by a fisherman trying to defend himself. The blow
was so hard that the oar cracked and almost killed
Kamehameha. The fisherman was caught and carried
before the king, but was pardoned. Ever since, the Law of
the Splintered Oar has protected fishermen and others
from wrongful assaults by chiefs.

The wars that Kamehameha launched to seize control
of the other islands had their effects, devastating some of
the population, Nonetheless, he succeeded in his task and
consolidated the islands under him, before returning to
the Big Island to hold his court.

Kamehameha groomed his own son to take his place
after him, but Liholiho was not up to the job. He was not
the great man his father w:
destruction of one of his society's underpinnings: the kapu.

Breaking Taboo

After Kamehameha's death, his favorite wife,
Ka'ahumanu teamed up with another of his wives,

nd his weakness caused the

Keopuolani, to prove that the kapu system was wrong. One
of the long standing taboos was that men and women
could not eat together. If this was ever done, disaster would
result. The two wives invited Liholiho to eat with them
and prove that disaster would not come, that the taboo was
useless. He took up the invitation.

When the people saw that, indeed, the gods did not
retaliate, something snapped. They went a little nuts.
They had just learned that much of their lives were lies. A
fury descended on them and riots ensued, with the over-
throw of sacred idols.


With the kapusystem proven false, everythingseemed
false. Society was in disarray. Life was bereft of meaning.
The spiritual beliefs of old were dead.

Into this disorder, a new light came from the West:
the missionaries had arrived.

CD issionary Zeal

O the long knife of the stranger.

Of the stranger from other lands,

Of the stranger with sparkling eye

Of the stranger with a white face!

— The Song of Wahia

American Protestant missionaries from New England
arrived to bring the Good Word to the Hawai'ians. But
they weren't alone. New England whalers found Hawai'i to.

be the perfect stopping off point on their way to the

abundant waters of the Pacific. The missionaries sought to
instill their values of abstinence and stoicism in the na-
tives, while the whalers were just looking for a good time.

The whaler's motto is a catchy phrase: "No God west
of the Horn." This meant none of the prudery and guilt
trips of the churchmen. A small war for the culturation of
the natives was begun. The whalers ted to be able to
drink all night and do so with the lovely native women.
This behavior of course flew in the face of everything the
Protestant priests would tolerate.

Intheend, the priests won. In 1823, Queen Keopuolani
was baptized a Christian on her deathbed, and many
Hawai'ians were shown to the water soon after. Later, the
priests outlawed what they saw to be rude or lewd practices,
suchas horseback riding on the Sabbath. In later years, they
successfully banned the hula, the sacred dance by which the
traditional culture kept alive its tales of gods and heroes.


When Liholiho broke the kapu against eating with
women, a great wave of Banality spread across the island.
The Menehune had become so confident in the natives'
belief that they had been lax and let this breaking of kapu
go unpunished. This was their undoing. The natives no
longer believed, and the Menehune were defenseless,
caught completely unprepared. As each sacred idol was
destroyed, thrown off a cliff or burnt, a Menehune died,
unable to suffer the pain of cold disbelief.

Into this void came the black-garbed men from other
lands to deliver the final blow against magic and tradi-
tional belief. As they convinced the native humans that
their gods were dead — or worse, of the Devil — Glamour
slowly disappeared. When the Menehune showed them-
selves to their friends — the fishermen, the crafters —they
were greeted with fear instead of love. The people had been
made to believe that the Menehune were little devils out
to steal the Hawai'ian's souls.

In face of this disaster, the chiefs called the
Menehune to retreat to the less populated islands to be
as far as possible from the terrible void of meaningless-
ness. Huddled in the village of dreams on Kaua'i, the
Menehune prepared to die. Unable to enter Arcadia for
protection, they had nowhere to run..

But help came from an unlikely source. Among the
whalers who came to the islands to rest from their deep-
sea voyages was a nocker seaman. This bold changeling
preferred to travel the sea-lanes with humans, finding
that the superstitious sailors were a good source of
Glamour, especially at night, when the moon was high
and the sea chanties were sung from drunken lips. And
the excitement they felt at the hunt of a whale was
almost holy.

Thisfellow, called Jack Doggins, accidentally stumbled
across a lone Menehune as he walked the Kaua'i beaches at
night, admiring the natural beauty of the lush island after

Sugar andthe
New Immigrancs

The priests soon turned to more secular pursuits,

turning Hawai'i into an incredibly wealthy (forthe foreign
owners) sugar cane production site. To fill the need for
workers, the haole plantation owners brought in a wave of
immigrants from other lands. First came the Chinese, then

Diaing in Bodies of [lesh

Immorcal Eyes: Shadows on the hu

SAP ADV RATRALRE

monthsat sea. Surprised and shocked to find a pure fae still
abroad in the world, he babbled out a million questions
before the Menehune even realized that he was looking at
another of his kind, although a distant cousin to be sure.
The Menehune, marveling at how this fae with a mouth
like a sailor could walk among such banal humans and
survive, took Jack back to the Menehune village and
introduced him to the chiefs.

Ivis from Jack Doggins that the Menehune learned
the trick of taking human form, of being birthed over
many generations in human bodies, to protect them-
selves from Banality. How this trick was taught or
learned is unknown today. However, Jack was never
seen again. The Menehune still revere his name, and
there is a he'iau dedicated to him.

Of course, it is said that the dedication of he'iaus
were preceded by human sacrifice, to charge the mana
of the new structure...

The Menehune also called upon the spirits of the
island for aid. While their magic did not deal directly
with these remnants of older dreams, they still conversed
with them occasionally. Now, however, the desperate
Menehune called to them for mutual protection. The
spirits of plants and stones answered the call, aware that
many of them were unwillingly entering slumber as the
wall between the spirit world and the material world
grew stronger with the Europeans' arrival. They taught
the Menehune the way of the Pact, by which a being
could wed its soul to a spirit to claim that spirit as its
totem. This was a pact the werewolves had long prac-
ticed, and now the Menehune found it necessary for their
own survival. The totem spirits offered the Menehune
their connection with the spirit world, while the
Menehune swore to uphold the laws of the totems (laws
that vary with each totem; see pg. 143 in the Appendix
for a list of totems).

the Japanese and Portuguese. These workers stayed and

settled, raising families, pushing Hawai'ians out of jobs

and land. Later, in the early twentieth century, the plan-
tations turned to pineapples and brought in another wave
of immigrants: Puerto Ricans, Koreans and Filipinos

In 1848, KamehamehalIl ushered in the Great Mahele,
or division of the land. This allowed the land, once owned
by the king and worked by the common people, to be

owned by the chiefs and commoners who were allowed to

purchase land or were given land grants. But taxes had to
be paid and the land needed to be registered. The natives
knew little of the details of such things, and within a few
years, 80% of the land was bought up by foreigners. Thus,
the Hawai'ians became landless in their own homes.

The Lallofa Kingdom

Famous are the children of Hawai'i

Ever loyal to the land

When the evil-hearted messenger comes

With his greedy document of distortion.

No one will fix a signature

To the paper of the enemy

With its sin of annexation

And sale of native civil rights

We are satisfied with the stones,

The astonishing food of the land

— Ellen Wright Pendergast, "Mele ‘Ai Pohaku"
("Stone-Eating Song"), 1893

David Kalakaua was elected king in 1874. He revital-
ized Hawai'ian culture, bringing back the sacred hula, and
he became a very popular king. But he was to be the last
king.

After his death, plantation owners plotted a takeover
of the government. Tired of high tariffs imposed on them,
they decided to seize the reigns of power and give them-
selves a better bargaining chip in financial matters.

Their coup was bloodless. In 1893, they deposed the
queen and created the Republic of Hawai'i. This bold
move shocked members of the U.S. Congress. Following
strong statements from Grover Cleveland and Teddy
Roosevelt against the coup planners, Congress annexed
the Hawai'ian islands and declared them a territory. In the
same year, the United States acquired the Philippines and

Guam. Againsta growing and expansionist Japan, Hawai'i

was the perfect spot to puta naval base. In 1908, construc-
tion on Pearl Harbor began.

This military expansion has lead some to believe that
the plantation owners knew very well what they were
doing and knew that their move would lead toannexation.

The land barons prepared for their next big crop,
perhaps the biggest of all: tourism. The "wave" began in
the 1920s with the immense popularity of Duke Paoa
Kahanamoku, an Olympic swimming champion. It is the
duke who brought surfing to the world and the passenger
ships, the luxury liners, that allowed Hawai'i's affair with
tourists to begin. The stock market crash had little effect
on the barons of the island, who were carefully investing
in luxury transport to their islands, awaiting the inevitable
arrival of a mass of wealthy mainlanders. But it was the

Chapzer Two: Rawar'ian Hiscory


jumbo jet, perhaps more than anything else, that ushered
in the new age for Hawai'i. While flights were halted
during the war, the post-war boom of tourist flights to the
islands has never really abated.

(orid War Two

and Scacehood

Every American knows about Pearl Harbor, the site of
the infamous attack by the Japanese that ushered in Ameri-
can involvement in the war. Hawai'i became the base of
operations for the Pacific Campaign, thateventually ended
with a giant mushroom cloud in the sky over Hiroshima.

The war brought a huge influx of servicemen to the
islands. Some stayed on after the war or returned to stay
soon after. The defense industry, as Hawai'i's second
largest economic industry, provides a constant flux of
people, some of whom stay for good and some of whom
only return for the occasional vacation.

In 1959, Hawai'i was admitted into the union. The
fiftieth state zoomed forward into a new phase of develop-
ment and hotel construction.

Hawarian CDusic and Song

Hawai'i has its own traditional styles of music. The
chanting of poems and songs was part of the sacred Hula,
and the singers and musicians were greatly respected. A
poet was called a haku mele.

When foreign sailors arrived on the islands, they
brought their sea chanties with them, and the Hawai'ians
learned melody. Over the years, native music has been
influenced by many musical forms, from jazz and blues to
big band, but the mele hula ku'i chants of old are coming
back into style, as are many other traditional pursuits.

(Denehune CDusic

The music of the Menehune can cause people to
cry. It is so infused with aloha— love —that listeners
cannot help but weep at times, overcome by its
beauty. When all else fails, the traditional chanting
can open even the most Banal heart, saving many a
Menehune from an icy fate.

Popular among them are mele ho'aeae (long songs)
and mele oli (joyful music). They never play haole-influ-
enced music, keeping strictly to the traditional forms.

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on the hn

oF A

WISN DEA OO ONISAAN AA
WARBAVRARRATLRALRA

CDanufaccured
Paradise

I could hear their ukeleles playing

Down by the sea...

She's gone with the hula hula boys

She don't care about me

— Warren Zevon, "Hula Hula Boys"

The public relations machine kicked in, and Hawai'i
was presented to all eyes as a wonderful, magical paradise
where all worldly cares could be put aside for a while and
health and relaxation become the only concerns of the
day. With hundred of hotels, restaurant and malls to
choose from, what more could a visitor need?

But in the ‘80s, people began to realize what they'd
sold away, what they'd lost to this manufactured illusion of
tranquillity. Massive development had taken away a lot of
land, both on the coasts and in the interiors of the islands.
The native ecosystems were in trouble, as foreign plants
grew like weeds where native plantsare defenseless (thanks
to slow, blissful evolution).

The traditional lifestyle of the natives had been co-
opted by the tourist council, who sold away sacred sites with
the proviso that the "important" part of those sites would be
preserved as monuments. Thus, a once-sacred rock with
petroglyphs representing fertility sits amid the golf courses of
the Kona Coast with a small kiosk explaining its history.

Today, the residents of Hawai'i have learned the les-
sons of over-development and have vowed to keep things in
check from now on. Their pot of gold is at stake in this; if
development is allowed to take over the islands, the magic
and charm so attractive to tourists might just disappear, and
the money that comes with the visitors would go with it.

Renegades and
Rag-T ag Residencs

I shrugged, too weak and whipped to care where I
was going, just as long as it was away from the sea. I
felt like driving up the mountain to Waimea and
applying for a job as a cowboy on the Parker Ranch.
Get back to the land for a while, drink gin all night and
run around naked with the Menehune.

— Hunter S. Thompson, "The Curse of Lono"

Over the years, the fae had come to Hawai'i one
by one. After the popularity of the surfing duke, many
Kithain rushed to the island, as taken in by visions of
paradise as many mainlanders were. Some remained
while others left, seeking new adventures elsewhere.


After the Accordance War, a flood of commoners
came, seeking to escape the new kingdoms built on
themainland. Most ofthese newcomers were Unseelie.

Hawai'i was declared a part of the Kingdom of
Pacifica, angering many of the old fae residents of the
island and especially the new Unseelie. The old
residents, for the most part, swore to ignore this
declaration while the Unseelie scoffed and went
about their lives.

When the governor arrived to take his freehold
and place as regent, he summoned all the local
Kithain to visit his court. Some did; while others did
not. None of the Unseelie visited.

The surprise was that some of the locals were so
impressed with the sidhe, the first that many of them had
ever seen, that they signed on immediately, vowing to
support his regency and rule over the isles. Word quickly
spread as these new converts set out to tell all their
resistant friends about the new age dawning for them.
These fae were all eventually convinced to visit the
court, with the result thatalmost all of them swore fealty.

The Unseelie, however, sneered and stayed on
their islands, clustering about tourists sites and grab-

bing what Glamour they could. The governor has not
yet acted against these bandits, but rumors say that he is
preparing a campaign against them.

Ocher Supernacural
Residencs

The fae are not the only mystical creatures to call the
islands, or the seas about them, home. Swimming in the
island waters are the feared Rokea weresharks, well known
in Hawai'ian legend. Newly arrived from Japan, some
Kitsune werefoxes have set about building up a little
empire of their own. And the Uktena tribe of werewolves
have even infiltrated the islands to a small degree.

Rokea

Many local legends are told of shark-men, always to
be known by the mark of a shark's mouth upon the back,
who can change form from man to shark and who for a
long time go undetected until it is noticed that an
apparently disinterested warning to swimmers is always
followed by a fatal attack by a man-eating shark.

— Martha Beckwith, Hawai'ian Mythology


The Rokea, also known as weresharks, claim the
waters of the South Pacific as their domain. They do not
like anyone who does not recognize this, regardless of the
fact that few people even know that they exist. Most of
their assaults are written off as shark attacks.

While many places near Hawai'i are important to
them, their most sacred spots are at the bottom of the ocean
southwest of the islands, far from any land or interlopers.

Although they are considered to be some of the more
brutal of shapeshifters, they aren't stupid. They are con-
cerned about the near loss of one of their favorite snacks, the
monkseal, and are glad of its return. They only hunt the seal
rarely, wanting to wait until its numbers are sufficient for
regular hunting again. They will intervene in any human
attempt to kill what they consider to be exclusively theirs.

The recent nuclear tests set off by France near Tahiti
agitated them all, and they are ready to Rage against
anything that pisses them off. Swimmers beware.

Kazsune

Among the recent Japanese émigrés to the island are
four Kitsune werefoxes. They have settled onto O'ahu,
where they, in the guises of Japanese business men, have

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hu

bought some tracts of land. They shift into their fox forms
at night to hunt nene (Hawai'ian geese) and otherwise
frolic in the tropics. They are fleeing from something in
Japan but will not say what. The: -cretive and occult
creatures, fascinated with Hawai'ian lore and desperate
to meet the legendary Menehune "elves."

Ukcena

Among the peoples said to have appeared during the
fifth period of the Kumulipo, when the hog-man was
building up his family line, are the dog-people: "Hanau
ka Huelo Maewe, he (p)aewe knoa" (Born were the
wagging tails; they had no fixed line of descent), says the
chant... They lived in the sand hills and they had
mystical power of the demigods (kupua) in the form of
big war dogs. These dog people still appear on Maui in
the procession of spirits known as ‘Marchers of the
night.'... Ku-long-dog is described as a dog with a human
body and supernatural power, "a great soldier and
famous warrior," who terrorizes Kahiki.

— Martha Beckwith, Hawai'ian Mythology

The Garou came in very small numbers to Hawai'i
long ago. Just which tribe they were and how they


arrived is unknown, but they planted theirseed among
the natives and it has sprouted every few decades,
creating some home-grown legends of dog men.

When Europeans were colonizing Hawai'i, the
Native American Uktena tribe became concerned.
They had already dispersed members across the world
to interbreed with indigenous people, to raise allies
and numbers in the native places of the world. In the
mid-1800s, some came to Hawai'i.

Today, there are a few — perhaps six or seven —
Uktena Garou living among the islands. Most are
native Hawai'ians, born from the recessive Garou
gene introduced in the 1800s, although one claims to
come from older blood. This one, named Auwe (which
means "alas"), is strange even for an Uktena. He
resides on Moloka'i and is obsessed with legends and
lore concerning Mu or the earliest residents of the
island, the mysterious and elusive Menehune.

The other Garou live in various places and are all
involved in the Pele Defense Fund, a native activist
group trying to save natural sites. They suspect the

Menehune still exist, but the spirits are vague when
answering their questions, for the spirits are also allies
of the Menehune and wish to protect them from all
non-Menehune.

The Land Sait Lives

The history of Hawai'i is by no means over. Pele still

creates the Big Island in a continuing act of creation,

spewing molten rock from deep in the earth to the
world. The descendants of the original people of Hawai'i
are creating anew their life of old, as native rights become
(with the Pele Defense Fund's attempt to save
around Kilauea). And the residents serving the
tourists create themselves many times over and over again
for each new visitor. For over seven million people a year,
who see the islands for the first time in their lives, Hawai'i
is a new glimpse into something very old.



Overview of che
Islands

The state of Hawaii includes all the islands stretching
northwest from the Big Island up the Kure Atoll, exclud-
ing the Midway Island, which is administered by the U.S.
Navy. It has seven main islands that are inhabited, with a
variety of ecosystems on each of these islands, from sandy
beaches to barren or snow-topped mountains. The islands
are colorful: bright orange, yellow, red and green flowers
blossom; multi-hued rainbows appear and scintillating
waterfalls descend amid rich greenery; smoking, glowing
yellow and red molten lava belches forth from active
volcanoes; and deep blue seas surround it all.

| a." cos

Fear falls upon me on the mountaintop
— The Kumilipo (Hawai'ian creation chant)

Below are details on each of the islands, from the
newest — and biggest — in the chain to the oldest.

Rawiari- The Big Island

By far the largest island in the state, Hawai'i is twice the

size of the other islands put together. Phy:

ly, the land is
a marvel, witha rich diversity of ecosystems: ranch pastures
on the north side of the island, moonlike lavascapes at the
peaks of the volcanoes (Mauna Loa, Mauna Kea and Kilauea),
dense forests on the southeast side of the island; lava flows
to the sea on the south of the island, and the fake tourist
landscape of Kona Coast on the western side of the island.

The beaches come in different colors here, from the
traditional white to black and green. The black beaches
are caused by volcanic lava cinders, while the green is
caused by a mixture of olivine and obsidian in the sand,
again caused by volcanoes.

Chapzer Three: Geography

The large mountains effectively keep most of the rain
on the windward side of the island; this side has lush planta-
tions and forests. The drier side of the island (leeward) has
coffee fields and golf courses, along with tranquil beaches.
Only in December and January does the weather get really
rough leeward, bringing in storms from the southwest.

Dito

The largest city on the islands after Honolulu, Hilo is
the main sea- and airport on the Big Island. Nestled in a
curving bay, it is a city of flowers, for this side of the coast
is home to the world's largest orchid industry.

The city was devastated by a tsunami in the early '60s
but was built again on higher ground. Hilo now boasts a
branch of the University of Hawai'i, acommunity college,
fine beaches, a beautiful waterfall, and many resort hotels.
The downtown district includes many shops, including
those run by local crafters selling their traditional and faux
traditional Hawai'ian crafts and artwork.

Other notable landmarks are:

* Banyan Drive, where most of the hotels are

clustered. The banyan trees were mostly planted by

celebrities, and a plaque on each tree bears the name of
the planter. (The more famous trees can sometimes
exude Glamour.)

© Coconut Island is a small islet in the bay fringed
with palm trees. It was once a sanctuary where birth and
healingstones were kept. (Many changelings overcome by
Banality and unaware of their fae natures can sometime
awaken when walking here.)

© Liliuokalani Gardens is a beautiful garden spread
over the peninsula. It mixes Hawaiian and Japanese
plants and modeling with pagodas and lanterns.

 Susian Fish Market is where an early morning bustle
of activity takes place as fishermen unload their catches to
be sold to dealers. Multiple languages can be heard, from
Hawai'ian to pidgin.

¢ Wailoa Cultural and Visitors Center has informa-
tion for tourists on the Big Island's history and places to
see, and the Hawai'ian Visitors Bureau, in downtown
Hilo, provides guidebooks to the city for visitors

© The Naha Stone is an interesting relic of the past.
Only those of true royal lineage could lift the Naha Stone,
proving their claim to the throne. King Kamehameha lifted
thestone. (Some immigrant changelings have parties where
the cap on the evening is everyone coming to the rock and
each trying to move it. No matter what cantrip is used or
Glamour spent, it has not budged. Strangely, however, it
can be moved by fae wearing their mortal seemings, al-
though a wave of Banality accompanies the act.)


RRATRRATRRAT LR

A

Local Changehings and Urcaliens |-rechold

Yrtalien's freehold glittered with tiny chimerical lights,
limning the palace and its adjoining garden in glowing
pinpoints of cobalt and pale blue, lavender, and deepest
purple. Within the building, crystal ball-chandeliers
fashioned from the prince's imaginings hung from the
ceilings, bathing the rooms with strobing colors that played
upon the faces of the courtiers who had come to attend the
first official function of Yrtalien's Court of Shadows.

— Jackie Cassada, Shadows on the Hill

Unseelie gather in this city but they don't really
congregate ina single group. There is no organization of
Unseelie; it is simply a place many of them have come.
If one holds a party, most may come, although some
won't, depending who the host is.

The sidhe prince, Yrtalien, created a freehold here
when he arrived on the island. Here, he begins his proto-
organization of Unseelie, united against their Seelie
oppressors. The freehold appears to be a two-story wood
frame house of the kind once inhabited by
It sits on a slope near a private beach, close to Ale'ale'a
Point to the west of Hilo city, near to Highway 19 and
Kaiwiki Road.

To changelings, the freehold is no mere hut: it is a
magnificent, many-roomed palace, complete with gar-
den. Its opulence has never been seen before on Hawai'i,

missionaries.

© The East Hawai'i Cultural Center is a gallery,
museum and gift shop in one. It is an interesting building,
combining Hawai'ian style with art deco.

© The Hilo Hongwanji Temple is a Buddhist temple
built to serve a mission founded in 1889.

¢ Wailuku River State Park is along the Wailuka
River, which flows down from Mauna Kea. The Rainbow
Falls is a beautiful site, especially in the moming, and the
Boiling Pots are odd natural swimming pools, where turbu-
lent waters bubble up as they flow beneath, although the
currents can be dangerous.

¢ The Kaumana C;
1881 eruption and provide some interesting walks for
those who have flashlights and don't mind getting dirty.

were formed by Mauna Loa's

¢ Many gardens and nurseries can be found off the
roads, and flowers of all types, but especially orchids, can
be purchased.

© Macadamia nuts are a local crop, and the Mauna
Loa Macadamia Nut Mill can be visited. The orchards can
be walked, and the chocolate factory marveled at; there is

especially so by most of the Unseelie residents. Tapes-
trieshang from the walls, depicting all manner of things,
from eye-widening scenes of satyrs at play to more the
sober and noble deeds of kings. The servants, mostly
enchanted local mortals, are dressed in shining raiment
and serve delicacies from silver platters.

During parties and feasts, the garden is filled with
chimeric beasts created by the prince for the amusement
of his guests. These creatures roam freely, hiding among
the ferns and flower, and may randomly attack visiting
knights. Theyare all beasties from Western myths, since
Yrtalien and his aide, Glynis, are not aware of any
native myths to draw shapes from.

The largest room doubles as a dance and feasting
hall, where the prince loads his tables to overflowing
with pineapples, coconut meat, pork, mahimahi, pa-
paya and more.

The upper level includes many guest rooms, each
made to make visitors feel like royalty, regardless of whether
they are or not. There are enough rooms in the palace to
keep some guests hidden from others, unaware of each
other's presence until Yrtalien wishes to introduce them to
one another. Thus, the palace is perfectly built for political
machinations and spying.

a gift store to relieve the inevitable longing that visitors
get after watching the nuts being processed. (Two local
changelings work here, a boggan and a pooka. They
smuggle chocolate and nuts out to give to their friends.)

¢ Hale Manu Crafts sells hats, baskets and other
items, all woven from lauhala (pandanus tree leaves).
Other local craft stores abound throughout the island.

* Panaewa Rainforest Zoo displays tropical animals
and plants and is a good educational opportunity on local

tems.

¢ Onekahakaha Beach Park is a developed park of
white sands with a small, safe tidal pool and picnic tables.
Other similar beaches can be found all around Hilo.

© South of Hilo is the Puna region where one can walk
right up to flowing lava. The latest overflow from Kilauea
volcano can be witnessed here working its slow way into
the sea, taking anything in its way. (An odd but wonderful
effect is present here at night when the lava is flowing: all
uses of the Primal Art receive one automatic success.)


Volcanoes National Dark

The south coast of the island is taken up by the
Volcanoes National Park. Here, one can take the arduous
walk up to Kilauea crater, the peak and center of Pele's
home. While the crateris pretty calm these days (her flows
have lately come out of vents off her ridges), this place was
once a smoldering cauldron of hell — if early visitors'
accounts are to be believed.

The crater was once home to a large lake of fire, a
vision of hell itself for many Christians who had come to
see this natural wonder. Indeed, the sight of this boiling
and burning mountain caused many of them to quake with
fear, feeling they had looked into a void and found them-
selves small and wanting.

There is an inn at the edge of the crater that has
guested such famous visitors such as Mark Twain. Depend-
ing on one's personal reaction to this window on raw
nature, sleeping at the inn can be a calm or terrifying
experience.

The crater is often shrouded in mist or vog (volcanic
ash clouds), and sulfur clouds plague this area and can be
dangerous before a violent eruption (Kilauea's eruptions
haven't been violent for some time).

The rest of the park includes massive lava flats stretch-
ing to the sea, the result of relatively recent lava flows over
more ancient flows. Along the coast, some old sites of
traditional Hawai'ian life can be found, including a he'iau
that may have been associated with the very first landing of
immigrants to the island long ago. Some of these sites have
recently been overrun by lava, their secrets buried forever.

Some caves, the remains of underground lava flows, have
old petroglyphs in them, seemingly associated with fertility.
These places can be found scattered throughout the park.

lecroglyphs and
ae CDagic

The Menehune still paint petroglyphs in places of
power. Caves and the like are magical sites of fertility,
the channels of life itself from its birthplace in the
earth to its living place on the surface of the earth. The
Menehune sneak about at night, repainting many of
these glyphs with chimeric paint, reinforcing their
magic for them, but rendering it invisible to banal
humans. (Painting petroglyphs sometimes acts as a
Bunk for Menehune magic.)

Other petroglyphs throughout the islands mark
other sacred sites of hunting or celebration. European
fae can see these chimeric marks but will not know
what they mean.

Immorzal Cyes: Shadows on che but

Lava ags

Lava Hags plague the nights of many children
living in the housing developments near lava flows.
After investigating these creatures, a local satyr came
to the conclusion that these Nervosa began as a sick
practical joke played by native children against new-
comers in the housing developments. These children,
with the typical cruelty of the young toward new kids,
play off the new kids' fears of lava, earthquakes and
Pele, who is portrayed in common literature and tales
as an evil hag goddess. The result is the Lava Hags,
witches who live in the lava cones and who come out
atnightseeking children to sacrifice to Pele. They send
lava toward children's houses, for when the lava con-
sumes a house, it takes the souls of the residents also.

Lava Hags look like fat old ladies wearing only
grass dresses and rotting leis. Their cackling is the deep
rumbling of the earth, and smoke comes from their
mouths when they laugh. They have sharp claws ("a'a
hands") and can spit pools of lava. However, they move
slowly, like lava flowing down a mountain.

It is said that they live in both active and dormant
lava cones, and anyone walking across thin lava who
falls into such a cone will be hunted down by the hag.
The petroglyphs often found at dormant cones are said
to be theirs, but this is untrue.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 1, Stamina 5,
Manipulation 1, Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Brawl 3, Intimidation 4, Spitting 5

Glamour: 6, Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -5

Attack: Claws/4 dice

Powers:

© Lava Spit: The hag can spit a hunk of burning
lava at her target. She spends one Glamour point and
rolls Dexterity + Spitting (difficulty 6). If successful,
the target is hit with this hot, molten spray. It is
difficulty 7 to resist being damaged, and it causes one
Health Level per turn. It will burn for three turns unless
the character can wipe it off before that (touching it
with bare hands inflicts twice the normal damage).

PDuuhonua-Place of Refuge

On the south Kona Coast is Pu'uhonua O Honaunau
National Park. In ancient times, this was a place of refuge
for kapu-breakers. Those who broke a taboo could flee here
to escape death — if they could get past the stone wall
before their pursuers caught them. If running from the


north, the taboo breaker had to approach the refuge from
the sea through shark-infested waters. If coming from the
south, a land entry could be made.

Within the refuge is the Hale of Keawe, the he'iau of
Keawe. Built ro honor the great chief Keawe, it is the
g place of his bones (along with the bones of some
chiefs). These bones carry much mana. The

temple is guarded by carved ki'i, images of the gods.

Refuge for Oachoreakers

Menehune who transgress the laws of their people
can escape punishment by running to this place. After
spending a week of spiritual reflection, they are al-
lowed to leave absolved of guilt. While the punishment
for transgression isnever death among the Menchune,
it may involve tasks that are unpleasant to them,

No kahuna lives in Pu'uhona now, so any
Menehune is on his own once here. However, the
he'iau does hold some Glamour (thanks to the bones)
and can provide protection against the Banality of the
slovenly tourists who come here and make stupid
cracksabout breaking taboos. The repentant Menehune
are believed by visitors to be native beach bums. The
rangers usually put up with them for a while, believing
them to be natives practicing traditional religion.

Kapu‘akua

This terrible Nocnitsa haunts the dreams of the
Menehune. It hunts down taboo breakers, trying to

catch them before they can reach any of the places of
refuge scattered throughout the islands. If caught,
the taboo breaker rarely survives the Kapu'akua's
ssault. But if he can reach a refuge safely, the
Kapu'akua ("taboo ghost") has no power over him.
This chimera appears as a muscled warrior with a
shark-tooth sword. But in place of a face, it has only a
fearsomely carved mask. This mask is different to
everyone who sees it, representing in some way that
person's most feared figure of punishment (a represen-
tation ofan old grammarschool math teacher, perhaps).
While the Kapu'akua only chases taboo break-
ers, it has been known to hunt Western fae who
unknowingly break the native taboos. Why it does
this in some instances, while ignoring the deeper
trespasses of others, is unknown.
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4,
Manipulation 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Abilities: Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimi-
dation 5, Melee 4


Glamour: 3, Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2 ,-5

Attack: Shark-tooth sword/6 dice

Powers:

© Guilt — Kapu'akua can shame his prey into
surrendering to him for "just" punishment. He spends
one point of Glamour and rolls Manipulation +
Intimidation (difficulty 7). This is resisted by the
taboo breaker's Willpower. If Kapu'akua is success-
ful, the taboo breaker will lose resolve, convinced he
cannot escape, and will stop running for one turn per
success on the roll. Once these turns are up, if he is
still alive, he may run again. He may defend himself
against Kapu'akua's attacks during his ensorcelment,
but may not initiate any attack against the chimera.
This power may be attempted only once against a
given target.

Kealakekua Bay

North of Pu'uhonua is the bay in which Captain Cook
anchored on his fateful journey. A nearby town has been
named after him, and tasty macadamia nuts can be bought
fresh-roasted there. Fresh coff also be sampled ata visitor
centerrun by the Captain Cook Coffee Company (whose fields
to the north grow the only coffee beans on soil).

Also nearby is the Captain Cook Monument, an
obelisk sitting in a cove. This obelisk is said to actually be
considered British soil, for all that's worth.

Kaitua- Kona

This town is the hub of activity on the Kona Coast. It
hosts an annual marlin fishing championship and the
yearly Ironman Triathlon. The first church in Hawai'i,
Mokuaikaua Church, was built here.

This is a nexus point for the largest tourist site on the
island. The Kona Coast attracts thousands of visitors a year
to its resort hotels, golf courses, beaches, fishing and yearly
sporting events. Malls and other shopping sites are preva-
lent, as is an airport for those who don't want to drive to Hilo.

Parker Ranch

On the north side of the island is the Parker Ranch,
the largest family-owned ranch in the United States. Its
cattle come from the population that grew wild after
Captain Vancouver left a bull and cow on the island.
Horses are also descendants of Vancouver's leavings. The
ranch itself cover 225,000 acres.

Volcanoes

In the interior of the island are the volcanoes of Mauna
Loaand Mauna Kea. Measured from the sea bottom, Mauna
Keais the tallest mountain in the world, although it doesn't
rank so high when measured from sea level. Mauna Kea is
dormant, although Mauna Loa erupted in the late 1800s

CDau

Named after the trickster god who brought fire to the
native Hawai'ians, Maui is an island made up of two
dormant volcanoes connected by an isthmus between
them. It is a popular spot with tourists.

Kahutin

The airport is located in this city and is thus the most
likely arrival point for visitors. The city also served as a
naval port during the war.

CDaalaea Bay

During winter, this northern bay is a breeding ground
for humpback whales, who make the long joumey from
Allaska here to breed. The whales are protected now, but
ships used to get in the way of their journey here.

Lahama

This city on the westem coast became the whaling
capital of the Pacific in the mid-1800s. It also became a
battleground for Hawai'ian culture between New England
whalersand New England missionaries. After the mission-

Fishing for Glamour

This part of the Kona Coast is the most banal
point on the island, shunned by Menehune, but em-
braced by Hilo's Unseelie for the free Ravaging that
can be had from the tourists.

One Unseelie redcap runs a charter boat service
out of Kailua Bay, taking high-paying customers out
on the sea to catch the "big fish." While being stuck
out at sea with a bunch of vapid tourists may seem like
hell to a fae, when the tourists catch their longed-for
fish, the Glamour they exude is worth it. This redcap,
Captain Lou, Ravages his passengers, insulting them
and goading them to catch bigger fish. No matter what
the catch, Captain Lou always has some biting, de-
rogatory comment to make, quickly eliminating any
pride the angler may have had for his catch. Lou
doesn't care whether or not they feel worse from the
Ravaging by the time they get back to harbor — he'll
never see them again anyway.


aries tried to quell the Hawai'ian (and the whalers')
sensual ways, riots broke out. But the missionaries would
not yield. Eventually, they won out and Hawai'ian culture
became overwhelmingly Christianized.

Now a tourist town, Lahaina pushes its nautical
history hard, building itself up with a nostalgic, seafaring
look (including a schooner in the bay).

The rest of the western coast is taken up by the results

ofan explosive growth in tourism: resorthotelsand beaches.

Pateakala Nacional Park

Haleakala is the world's largest dormant volcano. A

rainforest grow
Hawa

pandaround itand ishome tomany native
huge fence was finally completed around the park, designed
to keep feral pigs from ravaging the park lands. The park is
considered to be an International Biosphere Reserve.

anal

This island sits nine miles off Maui's west coast and was

n species, most growing extinct as the

once home of the Dole Company's huge pineapple planta-
tion. Today, Dole has traded pineapples for tourism, erecting
two large hotels (the Lodge at Keole and Manele Bay).

Lanai Cicy

This small town, a mile from the airport, is in the

center of the island. It is a plantation town, and modern
times have yet to fully catch up with it. However, as new
s are built, new residences for hotel workers follow.
stores are opening up here also. Itis slowly coming to

life to greet the tourist trade.

Dounc Lanaithale

This mountain, which can be reached by the Munro
Trail behind the Keole Lodge, is dotted with pine forests
andis the highest point on the island. From here, Hawai'i's
other islands (all except Kaua'i) can be seen.

Nearby is the Kanepu'u Preserve, a conservation area
begun by an early naturalist, George Munro, and added to
the Hawai'ian Nature Conservancy by a gift from the Dole
Company

Northwest of here is the Garden of the Gods, an odd
piling of boulders in a range of colors. Sunrises and sunsets
change the colors on the rocks.


KaienaPomc

On the coast, Ka'ena Point was a penal colony where
adultering Hawai'ian women would be taken, imprisoned
by the environment. These women, who could not under-
stand the strict Christian commandments, had unwittingly
erred; their punishment was exile within site of their
homes across the channel.

The Waiting Cloman

The wraith of one of the penal colony women
haunts this stretch of coast, longing for her home
across the unable to reach it. She is a Drone,
hopelessly and mindlessly tied to the Fetter of her
death site. She does not realize that her exile has
ended with her death. Only a Christian clergyman
can free her of this sad fate, by absolving her of sin and
commanding her to go onward.

Shipuireck Coast

The north coast of the island is famed for its treach-
erous reefs, which took down many a whaler. There is even
the wreck of a U.S. World War II era vessel on the beach.

Hutop e Beach

The south side of the island is the site of the ritzy
Manele Bay hotel ($600 per night, but with butler ser-
vice). The beach isa popular snorkeling spot, and a pod of
dolphins can often be seen swimming by. A ferry comes to
the nearby bay from Maui.

Kaunotu Bay Village

On the southwest tip of the island are the ruins of an

ancient Hawai'ian village, once vacation home to
Kamehameha. The village has houses, grave markings and
stone shelters still standing.

The Kauwa

Living a lonely existence in the village is a mad
old native beach hermit. At least, this is what the
tourists believe him to be. He is actually a Menehune
outcast, a kauwa. Such outcasts are extremely rare
these days, when the Menehune need all the help they
can. But this fellow, who calls himself Mano (the
shark), proved too violent for Menehune society.
After breaking many taboos, he was caught on his final
attempt to reach a sacred refuge. Rather than killing
him, the Menehune chief exiled him to this village.


Mano is one of the rare old-style warrior class and
his totem is the shark. He swims into the water daily
to scream and yell in hate at the local pod of dolphins,
who run off any sharks who come near. The tourists
laugh at this eccentric behavior, but it is a matter of
great import to Mano: He cannot enter the spirit
world outside of a shark's presence. He has tried to
sneak away many times to find a more shark-friendly
beach, but his magically imposed exile prevents him.

He will promise the moon and the stars to any
changelings who can help break his exile, which he
will say was unjust and evil. He will make the rest of
the Menehune out to be evil, primitive fae who love
to sacrifice haole fae for Glamour.

Kahetat's Leap

Nearby Kaunola Bay Village is an outcrop of rock
where young warriors used to prove their prowess by
leaping off and down to the sea from a height of 60 feet
above the sea into water only 12 feet deep.

Kaho'otawe

This island is now uninhabited. Once used as a sacred
site to pray to fishing gods and as a setting off site for Tahiti,
the island has been unpopulated since the 1800s. After World
War II, the

ordnance tests. The ground is so full of unused mines and

Navy took charge of the island and used it for

bombs just waiting to be set off that no one can safely walk it.
A recent movement by traditional Hawai'ians has
returned the island to them, but the place needs to be

cleaned up first, and that could take a long time.

CDolokai

Once the home of many kahunas anda refuge for kapu-
breakers, Moloka'i has not suffered as much development
asthe otherislands. The residents are prepared to resist the
fast-paced tourism, opting instead for slower, more con-
trolled growth.

Kaunakakai

Eight miles south of the airport, this small town is the
main one on the island. Its small, one-berth port is where
riendly and quiet, with
only three blocks of stores designed for tourists. There is

the ferry comes in. The town is

only one hotel here.

A few miles west is Kiowea Park where a well-known
coconut grove is an attraction. On windy days, the coco-
nuts can fall on unwary visitors' heai

Kataupapa

In the 1800s, Hawai'ian lepers were banished to this
northern peninsula. The windy landscape was.a harsh and
lonely place. A missionary, Father Damien, arrived in the
late 1800s to make the lepers' lives a little easier. The
colony was finally ended in 1960, although the lepers were
allowed to stay on if they chose. Today, many elderly still
live there, and the place has become a tourist site.

Kamokau Preserve

In the eastern central part of the island is a preserve
run by the
delicate natural plants and wildlife from deprevation.

Nature Conservancy. It aims to protect the

Some of the rarest forms of native life can still be found
here, such as the Moloka'i creeper (a small bird)

Ivittopae heiau

Southeast of the reserve is an ancient holy site, a place
where kahtenas were initiated. Moloka'i kahunas were con-
sidered the most powerful, and it is from this place that they
came. An immense stone platform sits here that is said to
have been erected by the Menehune in one night. The
he'iau is on private land and visits must be prearranged.

Heiau Conszruetion

The Menehune are claimed to have built many
of ancient Hawai'i's sacred sites, suchas the Ili'ili'opae
He'iau. Like boggans and nockers, the native fae are
good at building things. And they are fast. When
many of them get together, amazing things can be
built in one evening. However, the traditional taboo
against watching them work still applies: the risk of
bringing Banality to their task is too great for them. If
this happens, they will quit their work and never
come back to the site.

The Menehune still occasionally build things for
traditional natives. However, if these natives speak of
the work to non-natives, the Menehune will leave
that person and never build them anything again.
They must be resolute about keeping their existence
secret from the haoles.


QDoaula Falls

This wonderful place in the northwest area of the
island is a well-traveled site, where a 250-foot cascade of
water descends into a pool below.

QDoo
The pool is guarded by a chimera of a race called
mo'o. He eats swimmers he does not like. If the
swimmer places a ti leaf on the water and it floats, the
water is fine. If it sinks, it's best not to go in. The
chimera resides deep at the bottom of the pool but
rises occasionally to take out a swimmer who insults
him. The Menehune used to keep him in line, but
they are gone from the island now (except for occa-
sional visits), so he can do as he likes.
Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Brawl 3, Swimming 4
Glamour: 4, Willpower: 4
Health Levels: OK, OK, 1, -2, -5
3/5 dice, Bite/4 dice

© Transparency: The mo'o can camouflage itself
in water, becoming transparent and practically invis-

xterity + Swimming roll (diffi-
culty 7) to stay perfectly still. If it fails, its motion can
be seen by anyone watching. If successful, anyone
looking for something in the water must gain more
successes than the mo'o's swimming roll to see it,
although if the searcher is specifically looking for a
transparent mo'o, she may subtract one from her
Perception difficulty.

CDaunaloa (Long MDouncain)
Village

On the western central part of the island, this lazy

plantation village has some quaint tourist shops and art

galleries. Many changelings from O'ahu come here to visit
the only kite factory in Hawai'i. Here, they can marvel as
the lovely figures of hula dancers, mythical beasts and
other products of the designer's imagination take to the air.

Lono Barge Rardor

On the southwest part of the island isa harbor that hosts
the Molokai to Oahu outrigger race. This popular canoe race
brings Californians all the way over here to compete.


olokai Ranch UUitdhfe Dark

This bizarre little piece of Africa sits northwest of
Maunaloa Village. The 1,500-acre game preserve is home
to many imported African animals, from giraffes and
zebras to antelope and ostriches.

Ovhu

The most populated of the islands, O'ahu is the center
of human activity in Hawai'. It is the main arrival point
for anyone coming by plane (Honolulu Airport) or by
luxury boat.

While the population clusters mainly on the south
side of the island, the rest of the island is well inhabited.
This was the place where Kamehameha consolidated his
main empire, aftera bloody battle in which his army forced
the defending army overacliffto their deaths on the sharp
lava outcrops below. After this battle, only Kaua'i re-
mained unconquered.

Going from east to west around the island:

Oiamond Dead

The huge dormant volcano of Diamond Head (so-
called because early British mariners thought from afar
that the glistening crystals on its sides were diamonds)
dominates the eastern horizon of the island. The moun-
tain can be climbed, although it may take close to an hour,
and the view from the top is spectacular — a 360-degree
look at the island and ocean to the east. At its base is the
film studio where shows such as "Hawaii Five-O" and
"Magnum P.1

Waikiki

Waikiki is the hub of tourism on the islands and a
favorite spot for swimmers and surfers. Its beach line is

." were shot.

crowded with hotels and restaurants. Shops and stores of
all types huddle behind the hotels as close to the shore as
possible.

The Kapi‘olani Regional Park is home to some popu-
lar local attractions, such as the Honolulu Zoo and the
Waikiki Aquarium, where most forms of native Hawai'ian
wildlife can be found. The aquarium has many endangered
species, such as the monk seal, and is renowned for
breeding live coral in captivity.

Surfing is the sport of choice off the beaches, and the
area is perfect for it. Jet skis and other craft are not allowed
nearby, so the surfers have the waves to themselves. It was
on this beach that Duke Kahanamoku got famous, and
there isa section of beach named after him near the Hilton
and lagoon. A statue of him and his board stand on the
beach at Kuhio Beach Park.

The waves off Waikiki Beach (at Canoesand Queens)
are some of the most popular, although other sites down
the beach (westward) include Paradise and Number Threes.

Also on Waikiki Beach is the Royal Hawai'ian Hotel,
located in front of the sands where King Kamehameha
ordained the Malahiki games, dedicated to the god Lono.
The sacred altar of Lono was located in front of what isnow
the Sheraton-Waikiki Hotel.

Westward is the Fort DeRussey Beach, where Battery
Randolph is located. This early twentieth century muni-
tions dump was built too well; its impregnable walls proved
indestructible to the wrecking ball, and thus it still stands,
but now doubles as a museum.

The Ali Wai Yacht Harbor is always filled with the
pleasure ships of the rich and famous of Hawai'i and their
guests. It is connected to the Ali Wai Canal, a channel
that governs water run-off from the inland mountain
heights. The water can be quite brackish at times.

Watkiki Freehold

Inward toward the mountains, although still within
sight of Honolulu and Waikiki, is the freehold of
Queen Aeron's governor, Count Menhiron. It is lo-
cated in a private mansion, once the property of a
macadamia nut baron. It still appears as an affluent
private residence to all mortals, but to the fae, it is a
more wonderful palace of tropical royalty. The interior
is an eclectic mix of Polynesian artifacts and old-style
European decor (the governor is sidhe, after all).

Rumors of the opulence of Yrtalien's freehold
have recently reached him, and the governor has
begun to feel that he has been lax in his grandeur. In
an attempt to correct this he has set about improving
his home away from home, vowing that Kithain the
world over will come to envy his palace. He doesn't
realize yet that this is an insult to his queen, an
attempt to outdo his liege. When she finds out, she
will not be happy.

Fornow, itisstill a nice place to visit. Itis centrally
located and near to just about any Waikiki or Honolulu
location, so festivals and activities may be visited
without an uncomfortable journey. The governor has a
small fleet of fine cars that are at the disposal of his
valued guests or can be loaned with a chauffeur (for
commoners on noble business; they aren't trusted to go
off with the cars by themselves).

At any time of the day, local nobility may be
seen visiting, either to take tea or chat up politics
with the governor. Commoners are also welcome if
their business is not boring or tedious, and many

Chapzer Three: Geography


arrive to give the governor a glimpse of a new local
artist's work or to tell of some interesting and optimis-
tic news. Sometimes, these artists are invited to the
house, as the governor's mortal seeming is that of a
wealthy patron of the arts.

Less idyllic activities may also be pursued here,
since every court has its backstabbers. Spies for
Yrtalien's Shadow Court have recently been placed
close to the governor, and they will be wary of any
threat to Yrtalien or the Unseelie fae of Hilo. Certain
local fae (not natives, but early immigrants) resent
the return of the nobility and may secretly try to
recruit the discontented to their side. They too have
their spies in court.

Changeling Rocet

On Gray's Beach is the Halekulani Hotel, run by
an entrepreneurial boggan. The original location was
a hut owned by a man who would let the fishermen.
beach their boats here — the only place common folk
were allowed to bring their boats then, for the rich
had taken over the rest of the beach. The grateful
fishermen named the place the "House Befitting
Heaven" (Halekulani). Later, the hotel was built on
the land and became the setting for a Charlie Chan
mystery novel, The House Without a Key (referring to
a time when Hawai'ians did not lock their doors).

The hotel allows human guests, all unaware of the
special nature of the hotel's owners. The best rooms,
however, are reserved for Kithain. On nights of special
feasts or celebrations, parts of the hotel are shut off from
the view of mortals ("reserved for special parties").

The staff of the hotel, all Kithain or enchanted
mortals, ensure that a vacation atmosphere is always
maintained. The facade of a fantasy land of stress
relief is what attracts tourists to the island in the first
place, so most are only too willing to accept the
hotel's laid-back hospitality and eagerness to make
their vacations the most relaxing possible.

Downtown Honolulu is six miles west of Waikiki.
High-rise towers and business centers take the forefront
here, rather than tourist hotels.

The streets of Honolulu were once rowdy and wild,
where whalers and other mariners ran drunk and free.
Many saloons and brothels sprang up to service their
needs. But the missionaries arrived to spoil the fun. One
church was even built between two popular bars.

One bar, the Oahu Follies, was host to Preacher
Bingham's loud sermons on the street outside, directed at
the sinners within. One of those "sinners" may well have
been Herman Melville, on leave from his ship, swigging
back some relief and perhaps dreaming of the novel he
would one day write about whaling. Anyone familiar with
Moby Dick may recognize the Preacher.

Chinatown is just west of downtown, and is, like
Chinatown in San Francisco, a miniature Hong Kong,
where Chinese stores and restaurants offer a plethora of
imported Asian goods.

‘lolani Palace was once the home of the islands'
royalty and is now a restored museum reflecting that time.
Tours are available to see the finely furnished and opulent
palace.

Across from the judiciary building downtown is a
statue of Kamehameha the Great. Leis are thrown on it
every July 11 (Kamehameha Day).

South of downtown on the piers is the Maritime
Museum, once the Kalakaua Boat House where King
Kalakaua traded stories with his friend, Robert Louis
Stevenson. The museum includes a whale skeleton, arti-
facts from Polynesian cultures and the modern replica of
an ancient seafaring canoe.

North of the city is a campus of the University of
Hawai'i, shared with the East-West Center. Also north-
ward is the Tenrikyo Mission, a Japanese temple moved
here from Japan, and Queen Emma's Summer Palace, the
summer home of Hawai'ian royalty now refurbished for
the public.

In Punchbowl Crater is the National Memorial Cem-
etery of the Pacific, where many World War I Hawai'ian
servicemen are buried. There is also a memorial to Ellison
Onizuka, the Hawai'ian astronaut who was lost on the
shuttle Challenger.

East of the Punchbowl is the Hawai'ian Academy of
the Arts, which holds probably the most eclectic collec
tion on the island, from native crafts, to Asian art and the
works of many European masters.


Dear! Hardor

This famous military base was the target of the Japa-
nese surprise attack on December 7, 1941, which initiated
the United States' involvement in the war. The U.S.S.
Arizona Memorial commemorates the servicemen lost in
the war, and is a very modern looking monument, built on
topof the sunken battle cruiser from which it takes itsname.

Leeward

The west coast of the island (leeward side) is the least
developed part. It is home to many rural residents, who
have resisted the lure of big shopping malls (these can
certainly be found elsewhere on the island).

Makaha Beach is host to the February Buffalo Big
Board Surfing Contest. Makaha means "savage," which is
something the surf can certainly be. But the locals can also
be somewhat mean to outsiders who come to invade their
waves.

Kahokuwielowelo Neiau

This ancient temple wasa gathering place for kahunas
to gaze at the stars. The site was named aftera comet. (The
Menehune surreptitiously visit this place for prophecy; on
nights of spectacular celestial activity, such as meteor
showers, all uses of Soothsay receive one extra success.)

Waimea Bay

During winter months, this is a world nexus for

surfing. The Triple Crown is held here in November and
December. The waves of the north coast can tower as high
as 40 feet.

QDalaekahana Stace Dark

This quiet reserve is not incredibly popular with
tourists and so seems like an escape from the bustle of the
rest of the island. South of this place is a local campus of
Brigham Young University and the Polynesian Cultural
Center.

Ulpo Reiau

South of Kailua town is the Ulipo He'iau. It isa large,
well-preserved platform said to have been built (in one
night, of course) by the Menehune.

Ratona Cove

This small beach is where the famous love scene in
"From Here to Eternity" was filmed. Visitors still drop by
to see it. Nearby is the Halona Blowhole, a mini-geyser
phenomenon, where the sea water is forced up a tall lava
channel, spouting out from the top with great force.


This island, one of the oldest in the chain, is truly
formed by magic, for many of the ancient structures on the
island are said to have been built by Menehune. The
natural beauty of the island awes many visitors. Mere
words cannot fully describe the grandeur of the place, from
the central mountain Wai'ale'ale down to the rich green
jungles and the rift canyon of Waimea.

Beginning in the south and heading west from there:

Lihue andDo1pu

The capital of the island was founded by sugar barons,
for Kauai's main crop has always been sugar. Tourism is
now spreading to the isle as sugar prices fall, threatening
the stable economy and lifestyles of the residents. Sugar
fields fill the vicinity of Lihu'e.

The Kaua'i Museum is full of native artifacts and
other items from the island's rich history, including a map
suggesting the layout of native villages at the time of
Captain Cook's arrival.

The Menehune Fish Pond is still home to fish to this
day. This structure is said to have been on the island before
the Tahitians arrived, and is one of the many places built
by the Menehune crafters.

South of the capital is the old Koloa Sugar Mill, where
sugar cane is still ground. Nearby are two beautiful gar-
dens, the National Botanical Gardens and Lawai Kai. The
latter has many unique environments and sculpted land-
scapes, along with a wide variety of flora.

Still further south is Poipu, a growing center for
tourism on the island, where a Hyatt Regency hotel
attracts many visitors to the local beaches. The waves are
steady and safe, good for beginning surfers, and a nearby
beach is considered perfect for children.

Spouting Hole is another of Hawai'i's blowholes and
is an interesting attraction when it spouts water. The area
was devastated in 1992 by Hurricane Iniki, and some of the
local buildings have not yet been rebuilt.

Slane Toum, Canyon
and Kiokee

West of Poipu is Waimea Town, a coastal village
where Captain Cook first set anchor among the islands.
Every February, the town has a Captain Cook carnival
with games and rides.

The ruins of Fort Elizabeth are nearby, the result of a
Russian scheme in the 1800s to place a base on the islands.
But the scheme, by Anton Schaeffer, was not approved by
the tsar, and the schemer was eventually run off the island.

44 Immorcal Eyes: Shadows on the hu

Local (enehune

Menehune still come to fish from their sacred pond,
although these days they come in the guise of human
fishermen, since they are now changelings, and wear
mortal flesh just as their European cousins. It is said that
fish caught from this pond are especially pure and good for
ceremonial lu'aus.

Some Menehune crafters work at the sugar mill
and in the fields. They love the sweet sugar and the
agrarian lifestyle, fearing for the future of this last
bastion of the past as more and more tourists come
every year.

The Spouting Hole is said to hold trapped mo'o, or
lizard spirit, who was caught in its strong current on his
way back from Ni'ihau while mourning his lost sister. The
moaning from the hole is said to be his cries of anguish.

The most famous local attraction, besides the entry to
the trail into Waimea Canyon, is the Menehune Ditch, an
agricultural ditch built centuries ago with engineering
techniques unknown to the Hawai'ians. Archaeologists
are baffled by the site, said to be build by Menehune.

North lies the Waimea Canyon, a magnificent gorge
sometimes called the "Grand Canyon of the Pacific." Its
intense greenery, mist and sunlight provide an array of
brilliant colors, often with rainbow accompaniment. Few
witness it without gasping.

Still further north is the Koke'e State Park, refuge of
Kaua'i's wildlife, including many endangered species. A natu-
ral history museum is present, along with camping facilities.

Hikers can move further inland to the Alaka'i wet-
lands, a large swamp where some of the truly endangered
wildlife of the island still live. The chilly, misty swamp can
be a dangerous place, with illusory depths that can drown
the unwary traveler. Mists and fog can swirl in, obscuring
landmarks and causing people to quickly lose their way.

CDounz Waraleale

The remains of the extinct volcano which once birthed
Kaua'i take up a large part of the central core of the island.
The top of the mountain is hidden in rain clouds, and the area
is perhaps the wettest place in the world, receiving more
annual rainfall than anywhere else. Its sunless slopes host
small trees that hug to the side of the tall, wet monolith.

Nearby is Kalalau Lookout, a popular scenic spot with
a view of the northern Na Pali Coast. The hiking trails
provide many beautiful vistas, places where the quality of
light changes dramatically as the day progresses.


LCRATERAG

UCKGH

CDenehune Nome

The Menehune are brought from the mountains of
Pw'u-ka-pele and the sound ("hum") of their voices gives
ise to the saying, "Wawa ka Menehune i Pu'ukapele ma
Kaua'i, puoho ka manu o ka loko 0 Kawainui ma
Koolauloa, Oahu" (The noise of the Menehune at
Pu'ukapele on Kaua'i startles the birds on the fishpond of
Kawainui at Koolauloa, Oahu)

— Martha Beckwith, Hawai'ian Mythology

Moe'uhane, the village of Dream, rests at the foot
of Mount Wai'ale'ale, past the Alaka'i wetlands, which
act as a guard against wandering hikers. Menehune
sentries hide in the swamp, calling on their friends, the
fog, trees and waters to turn hikers away through misdi-
rection. If any get past the swamps, the Menehune will
follow them to ensure they don't get too close to the
hidden village. Ifnothing else works, they will approach
the hikers dressed as park rangers or traditional natives
andask the hikers to leave, givingas an excuse excessive
flooding from the mountain.

The village itself is near to a lagoon, a beautiful, still
grotto fed by a tumbling waterfall. Also nearby are the

fields of taro, a purple, potato-shaped plant that the

Menehune tend as their main food source and from
which they make poi, a mushy, nutritious staple. The
Menehune used to grow massive, magical crops near the
famous Menehune Ditch, but they have forsaken their
old site due to tourism and the Banality that comes with
the visitors.

The village is an old-style Hawaiian homestead, with
grass huts and a traditional he'iau, guarded by carved idols
meant to scare away evil spirits (they do). The Menehune
gather flowers from the nearby parks and return to the
village to make beautiful leis, which they wear for their
lwaus and other spiritual ceremonies.

On very rare occasions, the Menehune will bring a
human to the village to participate in ceremonies with
them. This is always a native Hawai'ian who is aware of
the traditional ways, usually a musician or crafter. This
fellow is enchanted and bedazzled and rarely remembers
the full details of his trip to fairyland. He or she usually
wakes up the next morning ona beach. Regardless of how
he searches for his lost fairyland, he is rarely allowed to
find it again. However, his joyful night instills in him a
newfound respect for traditional ways and inspires his art
more, providing much Glamour for the Menehune in the
audience at his next show.


Pacific CDissile Range

Back to the coast and continuing west while bending
north is the Pacific Missile Range, a Navy facility forthe
monitoring of sea activity. The sophisticated facility can
monitor ships up to a 1,000 miles away. The beautiful
beaches are open to the public, and there isa state park
nearby thatis good for solitude and campingunderthe stars.

NaDah Coase

This ruggedly beautiful coast is one of the most
intense sites on the islands. Mile after mile of huge cliffs
interspersed with white beaches. The beaches are inacces-
sible from the land, so boats must be used. The beautiful
interior was once home to natives who lived on taro
cultivation. Menehune structures and temples remain and
were popular with hippie immigrants in the 1960s, al-
though the land is uninhabited now.

Hana Scace Dark

Ruins of very ancient Hawai'ian villages can be found
here, along with Ke Ahu o Laka, a terrace for the perfor-
mance of sacred hula dances. Kaulaupaolau He'iau is
nearby, a temple dedicated to Laka, the goddess of the

hula. Maniniholo Dry Cave is one of many local caves said

to have been dug by Pele.

Ranater

This bay and plateau is home to the largest taro
patches in Hawai'i, producing poi for all the islands.
Princeville is a huge development complex, complete
with a Sheraton hotel, condos, golf courses, shopping
center and a small airport.

Hanalei Village is home to many artists and crafters
and their work can be found in various shops along these
quaint streets. A wide variety of mediums can be found,
from painting to glasswork and basketry to jewelry, cloth-
ing and even photography.

Pohahu Reiau

A temple dedicated to Poliahu, a snow goddess,
remains here, built in a Tahitian style. This was once a
place of human sacrifice. Nearby is the Bell Stone, which
was struck to send out a bell-like ring at the birth of new
royalty. Wailua Falls often tosses fish into the air as the
water plunges to a pond below.

The Sleeping Gianc

This mountain range was once a living giant who
laid here to rest after a feast. Menehune tried to wake
himup by throwing rocksat him, which he didnotlike
atall, so he ate the Menehune and went back to sleep,
his body slowly turning to rock as the years passed. He
is obviously now the dream of an earlier time, and no
one knows why he still exists.

Sometimes, on nights of rare Glamour, the giant's
sleeping body can be seen among (part of?) the moun-
tains. But he does not want to be awakened. If someone
issuccessful at this task, the giant will try to eat them, and
then roll over again to continue its centuries-long nap.
No one knows why he sleeps so long, but they wonder
what would happen if he ever got up and walked away.
Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 2, Stamina 8,
Perception 1, Intelligence 2, Wits 1
Abili Athletics 5, Brawl 4, Intimidation 3,

Glamour: 6, Willpower: 8

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2 -2:
5, -5

Attacks: Punch/6 dice, Kick/8 dice

Powers:

It is said that this chimera could answer many
age-old questions that have always perplexed the fae
concerning the Menehune, but it would have to
awaken first.

Nithau

The last of the large islands, Niihau is privately
owned by the Robinson Niviahu Ranch. Visitors can fly
over in helicopters, but may only land to the north and
south of the island. Tourism does not come to Ni'ihau.
The island is in the past in many ways; absent are many
modern conveniences. There is hardly any electricity, and
there are no telephones, no guns allowed, and no crime.

The residents, mainly native Hawai'ians, are ranch
hands, herding the vast flocks of sheep. They also make
native crafts thatare sold elsewhere. The island is perfectly
cutoff from the worst of modern influences. The Menehune
often visit, and some live here as ranch hands.


The Gar Never Ended

The island is haunted by the wraith of a Japanese
fighter pilot who crash-landed here during the attack
on Pearl Harbor. After struggling with the peaceful

sand shooting one of them five times, his head
was bashed into a rock. But this did not kill him. He
committed hari kari, ritual suicide, and now roams
restlessly as a wraith.

As much of a cliche as this sounds, the war is not
over for him. He did not get the respect he deserved as a
warrior and feels he died an ignoble death, humiliated by
aprimitive Hawai'ian who received a Medal of Honor for
winning the "Battle of Ni'ihau," the first U.S. victory
over Japan in the war.

Until he can prove his valor and readiness to die
for an Imperialistic Japanese cause, he will continue
to roam the Shadowlands, returning here occasion-
ally to scare the locals.

For the most part, the string of atolls stretching for
hundreds of miles through the Pacific Ocean are barren of
animal life, e] e occasional sea-bird seeking a
temporary roost. None of the atolls is inhabited by humans.

These tiny islands are the merest tips of larger rock
formations rising from the sea bed. Once active volcanoes,
now extinct for centuries, erosion has taken the bulk of
their masses back into the sea, leaving the barest tips
exposed to the winds.

Rokea Rancing Grounds

The waters off some of these atolls are used by

Rokea weresharks as breeding grounds (they breed
with sharks). During breeding times, they are intensely
protective of their territory and will take down any
ship that comes near. These times vary with ocean
currents, and it is hard to predict them.

Unknown to anyone but the Rokea, some of the
seamounts (undersea atolls) surrounding the isles are
magical. One of them, Loihi seamount, is actually a
site of magical power. The Rokea resent the recent
scientific curiosity concerning Loihi, which has been
discovered to bea growing volcano. Loihi has erupted
before, spreading lava across the ocean bottom. The
Rokea have begun a campaign to discourage undersea
exploration around Loihi, vowing to destroy undersea
cameras and even divers if they come too close.


The abundance and variety of life on Hawai'i is
astonishing. The ingenious adaptations of some flora and
fauna to their environment is unique, such as the i'iwi,
whose bill has adapted perfectly to drinking nectar from
the native long-throated lobelias.

But these forms are endangered, and many have
already become extinct. Nowhere else in the United
States are there so many endangered species. The islands'
native species have simply not had the time to evolve to
resist the predation of foreign species.

Realization of the crisis has finally come about of late,
but it may be too late for many species. The uphill battle to
protect wildlife reserves from rampant development has
angered many people against conservationists, who are
sometimes seenas preventing residents from makingmoney.
Tourism endangers the wildlife, but it also protects it in
cases in which it is recognized that tourism would benefit
more from a varied and lively, beautiful ecosystem than
from a few more hotels and condos to ruin the skyline.

Hora

While many plants in Hawai'i were introduced by the
Polynesian immigrants, such as the taro plant, others grew
and evolved here on their own, free from predation.

Among the plants of the island are the ‘ahinahina
(Silversword), which was once abundant but is now rare.
The seven foot, swordlike flower bears many yellow flower
heads. This plant serves as a lesson in the ecological
connectedness: goats were once blamed for its slow disap-
pearance, but it was discovered that Argentine ants were
preying on the native yellow-faced bee, who were neces-
sary to pollinate the silversword. With the decline of the
bee, the Silversword soon followed, and it was realized that
the goats were simply the most visible
plant.

scavengers of the

Mokihana berries grow only on Kaua'i. Their perfume
is greatly desired for the making of leis. The trees grow to
about 20 feet, with green leaves and berries.

The ‘ohi'alehua blossom is sacred. It grows on ‘ohi'a
trees, famed for their ability to sprout in lava landscapes.
The plant and blossom is thus favored by Pele. The
tenacious, sometimes bonsailike trees were once used for
canoes and temple idols. The blossom is used in leis for
hulas dedicated to Pele.

Many other flowers are preferred for making leis. The
yellow-gold ‘ilima flower is especially popular. Also good
are the orange kauna'oa, pink lokelani, green kukui and
even white pupu shells (from Ni'ihau).

Immorzal Cyes: Shadows on the hu

Birds arrived on the islands centuries ago either
through great endurance when blown off course in flight
or by clinging to driftwood and floating to the islands.
Only a few original species arrived, but these few blos-
somed into over 70 distinct species. A better example of
evolution from a single species is found no where else in
the world.

Hawai'i is home to the honeycreeper, unique to the
islands. The ‘apapane is the most common survivior, and
it is often camouflaged among the red blossoms of
the'ohi'alehua.

The ‘alala, or Hawaiian crow, is one of the rarest birds
in the world. Its population was vastly reduced by ranch-
ers, who shot them as scavengers. The birds' black feathers
are a symbol of royalty.

The brown ‘elapaio, or Flycatcher, was once the pa-

tron of canoe makers. Wherever it pecked, it warned the

carvers away from bad trees.

ed with
irit) to

‘To is the Hawai'ian hawk. He is associ:
royalty and is considered an ‘aumakua (ancestor s
many.

The sociable nene is the Hawai'ian goose and state
bird. It has recently been brought back from near extinc-
tion by careful breeding, but still faces foreign predators in
the wild.

The ‘o'o was valued for its yellow feathers, and it is
said that over 80,000 of them went into King
Kamehameha's cloak. It is now believed extinct, although
some are rumored to live in the Alaka'i wetlands on
Kaua'i.

The pueo is another ancestorspirit. It is the Hawai'ian
owl, hunting for the rats that were accidentally introduced
by the early Tahitians and later whalers.

(Dammals

The monk seal is one of Hawai'i's most famous endan-
gered species. Brought back from the brink of extinction,
this kindly seal flops on Kaua'i's beaches and on atolls in
the sea.

The hoary bat was once the largest native predator on
the islands, having arrived from a long flight many centu-
ties ago. It has been joined by much larger mammals since.
It is mainly found on Hawai'i and Kaua'i

The pig came with the early Polynesians, but after
Cook brought and released European pigs, the interbreed-
ing produced something much like the European boar, and


it has been a danger to the islands' ecosystems ever since.
It tears up native plants and bears foreign plant seeds in its
fur, leaving them to sprout up like weeds wherever it goes.
Nonetheless, it is still revered by traditional Hawai'ians.

Kamapuaia's Gec (Dig Ged)

These monsters are magical boars said to be
created from the dreams of traditional Hawai'ian boar
hunters. A Pig Get is the ideal incarnate of a perfect
pig: fierce and ravaging and large enough to feed an
entire village in one lu'au. They can be found snuf-
fling around the deep woods of the islands (especially
Hawai'i and Mau'i) a little before and after pig hunts.

They are larger than the average pig and are
perfectly formed. It is said by the Menehune that
when killed and eaten, Kamapua'a's Get provides the
diners with prophetic visions concerning the local
environment and its fate.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge
3, Track 3

Glamour: 4, Willpower: 8

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Attacks: Gore/7 dice

Powers:

© Prophecy —Anyone eating the roasted flesh of
a properly slain Pig Get (to improperly slay one is a
taboo and may summon Kapu'akua; see above) may
receive a vision of nature's fate. The eater rolls Glam-
our (difficulty 9). If successful, hazy dreams of likely
occurrences will appear to him, such as the razing of
a grove by developers, the erupting of a volcano, the
lack of fish in the coming season, etc.

Polynesians also brought dogs with them, but used
them forfood rather than friendship. RobertLouis Stevenson
had roast dog with his friend, King Kalakaua. The islands
are rabies-free and quarantines keep them that way.

The Polynesian rat wreaks havoc on the environment
in much the same way the pig does. They arrived stowed
aboard canoes and spread throughout the islands since
then. Hawai'ians used them in games, racing them before
spearing them.

Goats were introduced onto the island and have
ravaged certain areas before coming under control. None-
theless, wild goats still roam the mountainous regions.

Mongooses were introduced to control the rats but
went after nene instead. They have become a problem that
is too wild to easily fix.

Other animals include a wide variety of insects (in-
cluding asnow-top dweller with a sort of antifre
built into its blood to survive the temperatures) and

defense

lizards, including the bizarre-looking Jackson chameleon,
brought from Africa, that competes for the insects with
birds. Mosquitoes have also arrived, and brought deadly
diseases to the birds, who have no defense against these
continental diseases.

Fash

A fisherman's paradise, many anglers make their
living by fishing from the islands or by hosting tourists on
their boats.

Of the varieties found are some reef fish (seen when.
snorkeling), such as the parrotfish, goatfish, scorpionfish,
moorish idol and others. Popular eating fish are mahi-
mahi, mackeral (akule), swordfish (a'u), shark (mano), red
snapper (onaga), and jack fish (ulua).

The prize catch for deep sea fishing is the marlin, the
most soughtafter catch by fishermen from the Kona Coast.

Tocems

The Menehune are friends with the spirits of
their natural environment. They ally with the spirits,
or totems, of many of the local plants, rocks and
animals. When in the presence of their chosen totem,
many of themcan "step sideways" into the spirit world.

Among the most popular totems are Mokihana,
Palm, Lava and even Shark. See the Appendix for
more information on these totems.



O Paradise! O Paradise!
Who doth not crave for rest?

Who would not seek the happy land

Where they that love are blest?

— Frederick William Faber, "Paradise"

Officially, Hawai'i came under the rule of the King-
dom of Pacifica in 1969, when Queen Aeron sent a
governor to claim the region. This governor, Count
Menhiron, settled in O'ahu, avoiding the smaller, less-
populated islands. He has never paid any attention to the
Menehune, and the Menehune prefer to keep themselves
isolated from these strange fae with their odd customs.

Counc QDenhiron

Menhiron received his title in exchange for his move
to Hawai'i. He had been studying law at Berkeley and was

only peripherally involved in local Seelie politics when
Queen Aeron approached him. The thought of living in
ise, greatly untouched by the Banality of
appealed to him so much that he dropped

an island p:

out of school and left on a plane the next day.

Menhiron has enjoyed a life of leisure for nearly 20
years. On the winter end of wilder, he has managed to
remain blissfully unaware of the activities of both the
Unseelie in Hilo and the Menehune on Kaua'i. He wants
no trouble and no problems. Menhiron has led a peaceful
lifestyle for so long that he will not tolerate any disruptions
of it. He ignores the rumors and throws troublemakers
bearing bad news out of his freehold.

Count Menhiron makes regu
to Queen Aeron that include disheartening descriptions

compulsory reports

of the increasing tourist trade, the giant convention cen-
ters being raised along the beaches and Spring Break. He
never mentions anything about silly rumors regarding
Unseelie activity in Hilo.


On a high hill, overlooking O'ahu, sits Menhiron's
freehold. To the mortal eye, the freehold appears to be a
ramshackle warehouse once used by sugarcaners in the
area. To the fae, however, the building is a work of art. Set
back in a copse of coconut palms and sugar cane, the outer

ls of the two-story mansion are trellises covered with a
thick profusion of flowering vines. The roof, covered with
giant translucent leaves, allows gentle light but no rain to
filter in. On the interior, stone walls separate the rooms. A
waterfall trickles down one in the main room, emptying
intoa goldfish pond that empties into a narrow brook that
runs to the rear of the house and out into the garden.
cotic planes

In the garden, the rich scents of many

make the air heavy and sedative. Stone benches sit along
walkways that cut paths through the lush foliage. Menhiron
holds his parties and his court here. He relishes the tropical
beauty of his freehold, rarely leaving it to wander into the
city of O'ahu.

Court: Seelie

Leg fermit/Rake

House: Fiona

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Motley: O'ahu

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Expression 4, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Firearms 1, Leader 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 3, Law 2,
Linguistics 3 (Latin, Greek, French), Politics 2
Arts: Sovereign 3, Soothsay 2

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Dreamers 3, Holdings 3,
Resources 2, Title 4

Glamour: 8

Banality: 5

Willpower: 6

Image: Menhiron has adopted a few of the local
customs. He thinks it lends some of the island's exotica to
him, making him more appealing to his visitors and his
court. Forexample, he wears the wrap skirt of the Hawai'ian
people when lounging around the house, which is most of
the time. He also drinks mai-tais and serves the most
common local dishes, such as poi and kamano lomi.

Menhiron's green eyes reflect the lushness of the
plants with which he surrounds himself. He has bright red
hair and fair, freckled skin. His skin's sensitivity to the
tropical sun allows him another excuse for rarely ventur-
ing out of his freehold.

Roleplaying Hints: You leada life of wondrous luxury,
and you resent any intrusions into it. You feel that prob-
lems belong to someone else; they are not your affair. You
have upheld your duty to the queen, and you don't feel that
any more should be asked of you. The only time you ever
take action is when you feel your lifestyle is at risk.

Nuaella(Netly Chicherspoon)

Nelly grew up in the streets of London. Her father
deserted her and her mother when she was only six years
old. Afterward, Nelly's mother tried to recapture her
youth, flitting from man to man in the hope of finding one
who would support her. Some of her lovers, she discovered
too late, were already married. Others took their own
frustrations out on her, beating her in front of Nelly.
Nelly's mother eventually turned to drugs and alcohol to
ease the pain of her loveless life. At last, she couldn't take
it any more. Nelly found her mother in the bathroom ina
pool of her own vomit, dead from an overdose of barbitu-
rates. At the age of 16, Nelly was alone with no means of
support. Rather than live ina foster home, Nelly ran away.

At first, Nelly did not fare so well. She ended up
prostituting herself in order to survive. Her youth and
beauty served her well. She found a position in a semi-
respectable cat house. She worked there for two years,
until one night, she kicked the wind out of a john who
wanted more than his money warranted. Upset and angry
that her employer would throw her out, Nelly put on her


best dress and hit the streets again, determined to find
herself a sugar daddy — that night or else...

Inaseedy London bar, Nelly worked the room. Asshe
got drunker and louder, her clothes strategically slipping
here and there, Nelly ended up in the lap of a gap-toothed,
round-bellied, belching welder from York. He groped and
she giggled; she asked for money and he dumped her on her
ass. Then fate smiled. A handsome, well-bred gentleman
helped her off the floor. He wiped the mascara tears from
her face and took her back to his hotel. He made her bathe
and dressed her in a flowing white peignoir. Then he
forced her to look, for the first time, at her faerie self, and
Nelly remembered. It felt like she was coming down from
a bad high.

Once Nelly had recovered from her Chrysalis, she
could not have been more pleased. She spent hours gazing
in wonder at her own beauty. New plans began to form in
her head. Surely, with this, she thought, I won't have any
trouble finding someone to care for me. She began imme-
diately to insist everyone call her Nuaella, her faerie name.

Her benefactor, the sidhe who had found her, taught
her the fine manners of the courtesan, and she proved to
be a quick learner. For a while the two were lovers. Then
Nuaella discovered Hawai'i. She and her lover flew there
together to visit his friend, Menhiron. Nuaella never left.
She convinced her lover she wanted to stay in order to
learn about House Fiona from Menhiron. Her lover left
with no hard feelings. He even visits her from time to time.
In the meantime, Nuaella eats coconut and drinks mai-

tais with Menhiron in exotic luxury. She feeds his ego and

he takes care of her — quite well.

Court: Seelie (marginally)

Legacies: Courtier/Outlaw

House: Fiona

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Motley: O'ahu

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 6

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Expression 4, Kenning 2,

Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 5, Performance 3, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Mythlore 3

Arts: Chicanery 5

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Mentor 2, Treasure 3

Glamour: 8

Banality: 5

Willpower: 7
Treasu

benefactor gave her to protect herse

+ Nuaella has a chimeric dagger that her
jeweled handle
has a compartment in which resides a tiny chimeric scor-
pion that she can release upon her target. To mortal eyes,
the dagger appears to be a common stainless steel table
knife with a rose pattern handle. The sting of the scorpion
causes the victim to lose consciousness for a number of
hours equal to 6 minus the victim's Stamina value.

Image: Under Glamour, Nuaella has skin like porce-
lain. Her eyes, a striking ice blue, have specks of forest
green and midnight blue running through them. Her hair
hangs in natural ringlets all the way to her lower back. Its
highlights reflect the sunshine like streaks of copper strung
throughout her golden strands. Her features show her
sidhe blood. High cheekbones and forehead, elegantly
pointed ears and small nose all point to her nobility.

Nuaella dresses impeccably, preferring shades of blue,
green and yellow. She views her outward appearance as
merely another tool to achieve her goals. She will gauge
her outfit to impress her chosen target and more often than
not hits the nail on the head.

To mortals, Nuaella could be a model. Once she
cleaned herself up, she acquired a certain elegance that
enhances her natural beauty. Tall and thin, her practiced
grace is a far step from the call girl swing she used to use.

Roleplaying Hints: You get what you want. You
don't, however, stoop to pouting or tantrums or ven-

Chapzer Four: The Seelie Courc 53


geance. You can so cleverly manipulate people, you rarely
have to resort to such crude tactics; even then, you do it
only if you know it will work. You will use whatever
resources you have at hand, including your body. Younever
feel guilty about any of it as long as things go your way.

Sammie

Sammie came to O'ahu three years ago. A monkey
pooka, Sammie had a hard time adjusting to city life. He
has traveled around the world, rarely stopping for long in
any one place. Throughout his travels, Sammie acquired
several valuable mortal treasures that he used to set up a
savingsaccount forhimself. Although not wealthy, Sammie
earns enough in interest to keep himself in bananas and
nuts. He actually spends little, and his savings are growing.

Sammie has always found the occult arts fascinating.
While in New Orleans, he studied Tarot and palm reading
with a fortuneteller. He also traveled to Africa one sum-
mer to learn the more primitive practice of tribal witch
magic. He especially loved dancing around the bonfires.
Although Sammie has seen these magics and believes in
them, he isnot dedicated enough to practice them himself.

Before coming to Hawai'i, Sammie lived in San

Diego. The Banality of the city slowly eroded his faerie
nature. He slipped into the Mists while in his monkey form
and, contrary to the normal effect of the Mists, did not
revert to his mortal seeming. Instead, he began wandering
the streets of San Diego in his monkey form. This caused
quite an uproar. The local SPCA sent outa team of officers
to capture him. He led them on a merry chase through a
local mall before they caught him and sent him to the San

Diego Zoo. The week he spent there had a lasting impact

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hun

on Sammie. From behind his bars, he watched as people
made faces, laughed and threw things at him. He felt lost,
confused and humiliated.

Fortunately for him, his friend George, a seagull
pooka, saw the story of Sammie's capture on the news. He
orchestrated Sammie's escape and reminded the pooka of
his faerie nature. Sammie has never forgotten the debt he
owes George.

Sammie found the zoo experience so traumatizing
that he decided upon his release to leave the city, never to
return. He went to his travel agent, searching for the
perfect location. He settled on Hawai'i and convinced
George to go with him.

Sammie and George wandered around the islands for
several months before discovering Menhiron's freehold.
The count welcomed Sammie and his friend, although he
would now love to find an excuse to send them away. He
abhors Sammie's tendency to swing from anything he can
find. The pooka has broken several of Menhiron's posses
sions and pieces of his furniture. However, Nuaella adores
Sammie, and so Menhiron puts up with him.

Sammie loves nothing more than to swing through
the rain forest, swim in the crystal-clear pools and climb
the rock formations of the islands. Unlike Menhiron and
Nuaella, Sammie does not restrict himself to the island of
O'ahu, but has explored all the others as well. He has met
the Menehune, and they have invited him to visit at any
time.

Court: Seelie
Wayfarer/Rake
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Pooka

O'ahu

I: Strength 3, D
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, App:

Legaci

xterity 5, Stamina 3
arance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Alertness 3, Athletics (swinging) 5, Brawl 3,

Dodge 4, Kenning |
Skills: Firearms 1, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Mythlore 2, Occult 3
Arts: Legerdemain 1, Primal 1, Wayfare 5
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 1, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Contact 2, Gremayre 1, Resources 3,
Treasure 2 (chimeric whip)
Glamour: 8
Banality: 5
Willpower: 7

Treasure: Sammie owns a whip that he uses both as
a weapon and as a tool for swinging from high places. To


mortal eyes, it is a normal, braided leather whip; with
Glamour, however, it acquires a golden glow and moves of
its own accord. The whip has a Strength of 5 that it uses
to hold onto anything it wraps around.

Image: In his mortal guise, Sammie resembles a
skinny caveman with extra-long arms, feet and hands. His
stubbly auburn hair and beard stand on end, prickly to the
touch. The oversized tank tops he wears over his Lycra
biking shorts expose the hair on his shoulders, arms, back,
legs and chest. If he weren't so thin and gangly, Sammie
might be mistaken for a beer-drinking, belching truck
driver or construction worker.

Sammie's faerie guise includes a nimble tail. He uses
itand his feet as extra hands to pick things up and to swing.
He rarely wears shoes and hates doing so. His ears, hidden
under his hair, are small, round shells on either side of his
head. Sammie's lips become thin lines around his mouth,
and his nose sits flat against his face, nostrils enlarged. A
vibrant tattoo on his left cheek shows vines of different
colors woven in an intricate pattern. Sammie prefers not
to wear any clothing at all; however, Menhiron demands
he do so when in the freehold. Sammie usually sports only
a pair of silk shorts in complicated patterns of greens and
reds and golds. During formal occasions, he adds a light-
weight, white turtleneck and a green embroidered vest —
maybe even sandals if Menhiron insists.

Roleplaying Hints: You have finally found your
element. To swing through the trees, exploring the is-
lands, fills an empty spot in your being. You are happy and
don't care who knows it. You love to tease people and see
it as your duty to make them as carefree as you are.

You always have to be playing with something, and
you regularly break the item you've picked up. Menhiron
yells at you for fidgeting and follow
things out of your hands.

ou around taking his

You hate normal furniture, preferring to squat on a
table rather than sit inachair. It's not your fault Menhiron's
furniture isn't sturdy enough to hold you. He should know
better than to have flimsy old antiques around. They're
just not practical.

George
One of a truly rare breed, George is
He tells a funny anecdote about how the stork assigned to

seagull pooka.

transport him to his parents got confused. This stork w
supposed to deliver him to the Seagle family and instead
dumped him in a seagull. Storks, he adds, are notorious
geniuses.

George actually did grow up among the seagull popu-
lation of San Diego. He would have remained a seagull for
the rest of his life if he had not accidentally flown into a

window at one of the local freeholds, knocking himself
out. The fae who lived there nursed him back to health:
The Glamour of the freehold had its effect, and he awoke
with full awareness of who and what he was. The Kithain
in the freehold were just as shocked as he was.

That happened many yearsago. Nowagrump, George
is crotchety and cross. He mumbles to himself constantly.
His pooka tendency toward never telling the truth emerges
as sarcasm and irony. Nevertheless, he has a big heart and
would do anything to help a friend, as evidenced by his
rescue of Sammie from the zoo.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Bumpkin/Fatalist

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka

Motley: O'ahu

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Kenning 3,
Search 3, Streetwise 1

Skill tship 2, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 4

Arts: Primal 5

Realms: Actor 4, Nature 4

Backgrounds: Mentor 3, Treasure 4

Glamou

Banality

Willpowe

Treasure: George has a golden ring around his ankle.
It changes size to fit whether he is in his seagull, mortal or


faerie form. It was entrusted to him by a stranger in a park.
The odd changeling was on the edge of the Mists when he
spotted George in his seagull form. He came over and
grabbed George in one hand.

‘ake this ring," the stranger wheezed, "and guard it
well for it holds the key to the riddle that will save us all."
He then shoved the ring onto George's foot. It shrunk to
fit.

The stranger put George back on the ground and
wandered off. George never saw him again, but he keeps
the ring safe. He knows intuitively that the stranger was
telling the truth and that the ring
import.

a treasure of great

Image: In his faerie and mortal forms, George looks
every bit the peculiar character he is. His white hair stands
up in little tufts on either side of his head. Standing only
five and a half feet tall, he seems even shorter because of
around, commenting on
things whether anyone is listening or not. The most

his bad posture. He hobbl

striking aspect of his appearance are his eyes. Nearly silver,
they have a dark blue rim lining both the outside and the
inside of the pupil. This makes them stand out quite eerily.

George wears simple white pants and long tunics, the
only ornamentation being around the collar and sleeves
where silver-lined clouds mingle with azure and topaz
swirls. Around his neck, he wears one white feather
wrapped in leather and gold, hanging from a silk cord.

This cranky old grump prefers his seagull form. He
uses it to his advantage to spy on people. Only his Glamour
would give him away to another changeling.

Roleplaying Hints: You rarely speak to anyone in
particular. Most of your comments come completely unso-
licited from the side. You mutter and mumble about
things, but feel pressured if anyone asks you anything
directly. Your caustic remarks sometimes hurt the person
at whom they're directed, and you're sorry for that but
someone has to do it.

You feel that by bringing you with him to Hawai'i,
Sammie has repaid his debt to you. You love the islands
and could not be happier. You were never happy in San
Diego. This is your retirement, and you are enjoying it to
the fullest, especially with Nuaella to dote on you. You'd
never admit to any of this, of course.

Nahome

Nahome runs a small tiki bar on the beach at O'ahu.
Its ocean side has a canopy wall that opens up. Customers
can sit and watch the sun set over the Pacific, sipping their
fruit drinks. An eshu grump, Nahome tired of adventuring
and decided to settle down. She is the real attraction at the
bar. Her stories entertain mortal and fae customers year

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hun

after year. She named the bar "Fairytales" in honor of her
eventful past.

Nahome has traveled extensively throughout the
world. She rarely tells the same story to the same people
twice. In the evenings, when the sun has set and her
customers have relaxed, Nahome steps up onto the small
stage and tells a tale from one of her travels. Mortals enjoy
the fairy tales as the product of an active imagination.
Kithain, however, listen more intently, knowing the truth
behind her words.

The changelings of Count Menhiron's court often
visit Fairytales. Although Nahome does not consider
herself a member of the court, she has fostered friendships
with all who are. Especially with Nuaella, who listens with
rapt attention to her stories of adventure. Some of the
Unseelie Court also patronize the bar. Their numbers
have increased lately, and from time to time they cause
trouble for Nahome. For this reason, she has hired a wilder
troll to act as a bouncer in the bar. Nahome would be
heartbroken if anything ever happened to Fairytales.
Court: Seelie
Crafter/Peacock
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Eshu
Motley: O'ahu
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Legacie

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Expression 4, Kenning 3, Streetwise 2


Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Leadership 3, Melee 2,
Performance 2 (Storytelling)

Knowledges: Linguistics 3 (French, Arabic, Swahili),
Mythlore 3, Occult 1

Arts: Chicanery 5

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2, Prop 2, Scene 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Gremayre 3, Holding
Resources 2, Title 1
Glamour: 6
Banality: 5
Willpower: 7

Image: Nahome's hair caps her head in round, fat
She keeps it shoulder length, usually covered it with

curls
a scarf. She wears several layers of silky, bright

colored
tunicsand vests over patterned harem pants. Herskin tone
makes her customers think she is a native Hawai'ian. A
rich bronze, it glows from within, especially when she is
storytelling.

Nahome uses her expressive eyes to emphasize differ-

ent parts of her tales. Her dark pupils enlarge when she
steps in front of an audience until little white is visible. In
a particularly exciting or surprising part of the tale, how-
ever, she can make them large and round with the whites
sudden sharp contrast. This always has a
ton the audience.

showing ii

powerful eff

Roleplaying Hints: You greatly appreciate the atten-
tion your customers give you. It has made what you know
are your final years more pleasant. You only hope your tales
have somehow given them some pleasure in return. You
graciously receive anyone in your bar. You have no en-
emies, but you are not innocent enough to believe that
everyone respects you and your property as much as you
respect them and theirs. You approach your Unseeli

ie
customers warily, yet amicably, and watch them closely.

Chog

Chog has worked as a bouncer at Nahome's bar,
Fairytales, fora little over a year. Before that, he had been
working as a grunt on a cargo ship running between

and the mainland. One night while having dinner
at Nahome's tiki bar, he broke up a tussle between two
Unseelie ruffians and she offered him the job. It was an
offer he couldn't refuse.

Quiet and reserved, Chog talks sparsely and never
about himself. He has led a solitary life, taking odd jobs
here and there, falling in and out of the Mists. Nahome's
kindness has warmed him to her, and he considers her his
only friend. He loathes the falsity and pretentiousness of
the other Seelie on the island. And he bears no good will
toward the rowdy Unseelie. He does his job, then goes

home at night to the little efficiency apartment above
Nahome':
Court:
Legacies: Hermit/Beast

garage.

elie

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Troll

Motley: O'ahu

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 5, Kenning 1

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 4

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 3

Arts: Chicanery 2
Realms: Actors 5, Prop 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Resources 1, Treasures 2

Glamour: 6
Banality: 6
Willpower: 7

Treasures: Chog carries a long, thick cane made of
hardwood and wrapped with leather. The cane itself serves
asasheath for his chimeric dagger; the carved snake'shead
at the top of the cane is actually the handle of the dagger.
With Glamour infused into it, the snake comes alive and
bites anyone holding it. Although nonvenomous, Chog
has never seen anyone bitten by the snake able to hang
onto the cane.

Around his neck, Chog wears a torque made of silver,
gold and bronze braided together. He never removes it

Chapcer our: The Seelie Courc 57


because it's a family heirloom his mother gave it to him on
her deathbed. The torque gives him an extra dot in
Strength (giving him a total Strength of 7).

Image: To mortals, Chog stands just over six and a
half feet tall. His white-blond hair styled in a crew cut,
piercing blue eyes, and serious manner give him a Scandi-
navian look. He wears light linen suits in beige or white
and two-toned leather loafers. Chog decided, when he
took the job at Fairytales, that he would dress the part. He
didn't want to stand around Nahome's bar looking like a
scrounge.

Chog's faerie guise could frighten even a redcap. The
bone structure in his face stands out, making him seem
sculpted out of rock rather than flesh. Thick leather pants
and giant-sized boots protect his lower body. On top, he
wears a chimeric animal skin made into a long coat. The
pelt of the animal has a mixture of red, white and brown
spots, all running together.

Roleplaying Hints: You have experienced things
many fae will never even dream of, butall thatis in the past
now. You don't feel the need to share any of those
experiences with anyone. You like Nahome, more than
you would ever admit, and are grateful to her for offering
youa nicer, cleaner job than any you have known. You see
your acceptance of the job as a commitment to her, and
you fulfill your duties loyally.

Kiraven

A newcomer to O'ahu, Kiraven has been spotted a
couple of times in Fairytales. Her sluagh nature keeps her
in the dark corners of the bar, watching the other patrons
from beneath her long bangs. Menhiron has shown par-
ticularcuriosity and discomfortatherpresence. He theorizes
that she is a spy for Queen Aeron.

On the contrary, Kiraven came to Haw
asylum from the insanity of San Francisco. She actually
followed Sammie here, although she came several years
later. She knew Sammie when he lived in San Diego, and
although his exuberance bothered her, he was kind to her.

Kiraven grew up a misunderstood child. Her mother
died when she was still a toddler, and her father sexually,
physically and emotionally abused her. He never let her go
anywhere without him. He sequestered her in her room
without television or books. For Kiraven's budding genius,
it was a fate worse than death. When she withdrew into
herself, everyone blamed her. They said she needed psy-
chiatric help.

Kiraven discovered her faerie nature when she hit
puberty. Her menstrual cycle kicked in and she remem-
bered who she was, all in the same instant. The experience
traumatized her. She had no one to guide her, no one to

eeking

Immoral Cyes: Shadows on the hu

AMK

explain things to her. And then her father came breathing
gain. Kiraven flipped. She packed a small
bag and ran away.

down her neck

Kiraven believed she was going mad. Completely
isolated from the other Kithain, she blamed her period for
the strange changes coming over her. She thought she was
dying. In a daze, she roamed the streets of San Diego,
sleeping in dumpsters at night and sitting in the park
during the day. By the end of the week, Kiraven had
slipped back into the Mists. She became a street person,
eating food out of restaurant garbage bins and hiding from
the cops. Exactly 28 days later, her cycle came again and
her Glamour rose, returning her memory. This convinced
Kiraven that the two were connected and that she was
being punished for all the things her father had done to
her. She found a church and knelt down to pray. She
prayed for guidance and for a relief from her terrible curse.

Kiraven left the church, walking slowly down the
front steps, her long brown hair hanging in her eyes. She
didn't see the car comingas she stepped out into the street.
Fortunately for her, Sammie had seen it. He grabbed her
and pulled her out of the way. Sammie took Kiraven to his
place, where he fed her and let her sleep in comfort. They
felt extremely uneasy in each other's presence and talked
little. Instinctively, however, Sammie knew what he had
to do. He called a sluagh acquaintance of his in San
Francisco. She came immediately to take Kiraven under
her wing.

Kiraven spent the next couple of years devouring
every book she could get her hands on. It didn't matter
what the book was about, Kiraven read it like a starving
child consuming her first meal.


would be dead, even if the car hadn't hit her. She saw
Sammie again only one time, purely by accident. He was
seated ata table ina health food restaurant with a strange-
looking, white-haired grump. She couldn'e gather the
nerve to speak to him, but she listened. They were going
to Hawai'i. Kiraven never forgot.

Above all else, Kiraven despises conflict of any kind.
end her running, and any physical violence
. When the

.o began to escalate and factions

Raised voice:

leaves its mark on her emotions for we

situation in San Fran
began trying to shout each other down, Kiraven knew she
had to leave. Only one place came to mind: Hawai'i.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Hermit/Wretch
Seeming: Wilder

Sluagh

O'ahu

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 4, Kenning 4
Skills: Security 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 5, History 3, Investigation 3,
Medicine 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 2, Politics 2, Psychol-
ogy 4, Science 3
Arts: Soothsay 5
Realms: Actors 1, Fae 5, Nature 4, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Gremayre 5
Glamour: 8
Banality: 6
Willpower: 3

Image: In her mortal guise, Kiraven's dirty T-shirts
and torn, stained jeans hang on her thin figure. Her
brackish hair, ragged and dirty, sticks out unevenly in
tangled, half-formed dredlocks. It droops over her fore-
head and into her brown eyes, hiding half her face from
onlookers. Her face shows Italian heritage, with its olive
skin and chiseled features. Her nose dominates her face,
overshadowing her tight mouth and pointed chin. Her left
eye has a red blood spot in it, a legacy of her father's abuse.

To other Kithain, Kiraven looks like the walking
dead. She wears a parody of a strapless black prom dress, its
full skirt hanging in shreds around her. A line of red
sequins once decorated the hem. Those that are still there
seem at first glance like a bloody stain around the bottom
of the dress. She wrapsa ripped black lace shawl around her
shoulders. It trails down to mingle with the tattered tulle
of her dress.

Under Glamour, her features lose some of their harsh-
ness and she becomes almost attractive. Even her hair
los angles, hanging straight down over her face and
shoulders.

Roleplaying Hints: Life has dealt you a raw deal and
you know it. You are and always have been completely
alone in the world. Those that have helped you did so out
of pity rather than true caring. You don't need anyone's
pity. You can make it on your own. You feel like you've
proven that. Your best companions are the books you read
and the stories you hear from other fae.

All you want out of people is to be left alone. You
don't need or want to communicate with anyone. You'd
rather just sit back and watch, living life vicariously
through others. It's safer that way.



A little rebellion now and then is a good thing, and as
necessary in the political world as storms in the physical.
— Thomas Jefferson, On Shays' Rebellion.

Hawai'i's remoteness has drawn many outsiders to its
shores. The Unseelie come seeking a place where the
Seelie Courts cannot interfere with their plans. In Hawai'i,
they have found a tropical paradise where no one tells
them what to do, what not to do or where to go. Hawai'i
has become the playground of the Unseelie.

In Hilo, the largest city on the Big Island, a population
of Unseelie plot against the Seelie sidhe. They would change
the world with their revolutior
return to faerie rule over mort:

'y ideas of freedom and a
What better place to begin

than in a corner to which th lie pay little attention?

Urcahen

Yrtalien, the Foresworn Prince of House Ailil, has
only recently returned to the world. After long

inan
extradimensional prison, contemplating his vi:

imprisonment, was small beans compared to what he plans
to do now that he is back. He knows what he did wrong,
and he's not going to make the same mistake tw
Yrtalien came to Hawai'i to begin buildingh
Unseelie revolutionaries. He intends to return
what he considers to be its natural state: a playground for
the fae. He talks the talk and walks the walk, setting an
example for his Unseelie followers. In his freehold on the
island of Hawaii, Yrtalien use:
himand his subjects. He throwsa

chimera, as if there were an endless supply. Indeed, for the

‘ound Glamour, creating

moment, for him there is. He ravages the local artisans,
ripping their Glamour from them to fuel his indulgences.


Cold, calculating and extremely clever, Yrtalien judges
everyone based on their usefulness to him. He will do
whatever is necessary to bring about his vision.

Yrtalien has certain advantages over common fae in
Concordia. His unusual manner of entry into the mortal
world allows him to remember a great deal more about his
faerie self than others. He did not have to grow up among
mortals, bonding with them and sharing their lives. This
has also had an impact upon the amount of Glamour he
has at his disposal. Unlike other fae, he has not had years
of Banality eating away at his stored Glamour.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Regent

House: Ailil

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Motley: Hilo

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 7
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Expression
4, Intimidation 4, Kenning 4, Subterfuge 5

Skill

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Mythlore 5, Occult 2

Etiquette 4, Leadership 5, Melee 3, Performance 4

Arts: Chicanery 3, Primal 2, Soothsay 3, Sovereign 3,
Wayfare 5

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 5, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Dreamers 5, Gremayre 6,
Holdings 5, Retinue 3, Title 6

Glamour: 10

Banality: 2

Willpower: 9

mAMK

Immoral Eyes: Shadows on the hu

Image: When Yrtalien escaped from his prison, he
needed a mortal body to inhabit. Glynis, his contact,
chose one for him: a supermodel. Wherever Yrtalien goes,
feminine mouths salivate.

UnderGlamour, Yrtalien's appearance becomes even
more impressive. Projecting an air of nobility, Yrtalien
dresses in the simplest, most stylish fashions: loose-fitting
silk shirts and straight-legged black pants suit his broad
shoulders and long |
with his dark, almond-shaped eyes; aquiline nose; high

aristocratic lines

cheekbones and firm mouth —are framed by a raven-dark
shag of hair that runs down to his waist. His very presence
commands attention.
Roleplaying Hint:
deserve the complete

You are a prince and as such
tention and submission of your
subjects. You wield your newfound power like a new toy.
You know you will go down in history as the one who
returned the faerie to their rightful position. Above all
else, you hate a whiner and will do what you must to give
him a reason to whine.

Anyone who does not share your vision is no more
than a mindless slave to the Seelie sidhe who would keep
. These fools will get
trampled under the feet of those who would fight to free

all other fae ignorant and powerles

the fae from their unnatural exile from Arcadia. All Seelie,
like the mortals they reject and hide from, will fall into
their places as tools for those like yourself who would
accept responsibility and rule the world. If the fae of
Arcadia will not come and take their rightful place among
the mortals, you will conquer the mortal realm yourself
and take it to Arcadia.

Glynnis

For most of her life, Lady Glynnis has worked to
advance the cause of the Unseelie. In San Francisco, she
became a hidden pillar of the true Shadow Court — not
the one everyone saw, but the underground Shadow Court
that actually worked toward a revolution in fae society.
She arranged for weapons deals that armed the Unseelie
with cold iron and guns. She rallied many to her cause and
ignited the spark that would escalate into a raging fire of
all from behind the scenes. Glynnis prefers to work

She doi
driving force behind all of her undertakings

unrest,
that w not like the role of leader, yet she is the

From the timeless realm in which he had been impris-
oned, Yrtalien contacted Glynis in her dreams. He spoke
toher of revolution anda new world order —all the ideals
she embraced. In the end, he convinced her to help him

Now, Glynnis sits at Yrtalien's feet, playing her harp
and acting the role of loyal servant in the hope that


eventually Yrtalien will recognize her part in the success-
ful achievement of his plans. She puts up with his
demanding moods, believing in the long run that his goals
and hers are the same.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Bumpkin

House: Eiluned

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Motley: Hilo

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Expression
4, Intimidation 3, Kenning 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge
4

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 5, Firearms 2, Performance 5,
Security 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Law 2, Medicine 1, Politics
2, Science 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 3, Primal 2, Soothsay
2, Sovereign 3, Wayfare 5
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 5, Prop 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 3, Mentor 4,
Resources 3, Title 2
Glamour: 8
Banality: 5
Willpower: 6

Imag.
as brighth
play it down. She must not attract more attention to

Among mortals, Glynnis' beauty shines nearly

s Yrtalien's; however, she takes great pains to

Tala alyrarye
WADA RATERALURR

heiself or from Yitalien: His pride and vanity would not
allow it, Although he enjoys surrounding himself with
things of beauty, he must always be the center of attention.
SoGlynnis pullsherlong black hair intoa braid at the back
of her neck and wears little ornamentation. Even her
clothing she keeps simple and unremarkable. The loyal
servant, for now, she averts her large, violet eyes from
onlookers admiring her graceful features, turning her face
instead toward the Foresworn Prince, Yrtalien.

For the same reasons, Glynnis avoids showing her
faerie form. She can do little to disguise her ephemeral
beauty. Under Glamour, her black hair and eyes sparkle
like the night sky. Her sidhe features become even more
graceful. She wraps herself in flowing gowns and shawls of
shimmeringsilk in dusky hues of violet and peach. Around
her neck, she wears a thick choker of spun gold with large
amethysts set in teardrops to dangle against her throat.
She has a ring and an armband to match.

Roleplaying Hints: You know what you want and
you think you know how to get it, as long as Yrtalien
doesn't get out of control, that is. You put up with him,
pulling his flank out of the fire when he fails to be as
diplomatic as he should. You also play him and Devlin off
each other to draw his attention away from yourself. Your
goals match his and, for now, that keeps you loyal. Youcan
easily befriend anyone you think will be useful to your
cause, then turn around and stab them in the back when
they have served your purpose.

LordOevin

At one time, Lord Devlin sat on the House of Com-
mons of High King David. He had worked his way up
through the Seelie Court of Peoria, hiding his Unseelie
nature in order to extract secrets from them. Eventually,

they asked him to represent them at the House of Com-
mons. For years, Devlin, in the guise of a Seelie sidhe,
listened to the plottings and admissions of the other
membersof the House, reporting them back tothe Shadow
Court and Glynnis in San Francisco. Then he was discov-
ered.

High King David reacted badly, appalled that an
Unseelie would emulate a Seelie in order to gain informa-
tion. The Unseelie had always been welcomed in the
House of Commons, if they came openly. The High King
banished Devlin from the meetings. His motley not only
sent as er him.

banned him from Peoria, but als
With the help of the Shadow Court of San Fran
Devlin fled to Hawai'i.

Years later, when Glynnis needed a place for Yrtalien
after his rescue, her thoughts turned to Devlin. To hear
Glynnis' voice after all those years came as quite a shock

Chapcer Five: The Unseehe Courc

AMK

to Devlin. At first, he did not want to help her. After all,
she brought back many bad memories and he had hoped
his past associates had forgotten all about him. She won
him over, however, using the one thing he could rarely
refuse: a boost to his ego.

Devlin found a freehold for Yrtalien and decorated it
in the style that he felt best suited Unseelie royalty. To his
joy, Yrtalien gave him a powerful position in the new
Shadow Court. At last, Lord Devlin need no longer hide
his nobility.

Court: Unseelie
eacock/Courtier

Fiona
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sidhe
Motley: Hilo
Ph Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Dodge 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2,
Kenning 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Leadership 2, Melee 1,
Stealth 3
Knowledges: Computer 2, Linguistics 2, Mythlore 2,
Politics 1
Arts: Chicanery 4, Sovereign 2
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Prop 1, Scene 1
Backgrounds: Dreamers 4, Resources 1, Title 2
Glamour: 7
Banality: 5
Willpower: 4

64 Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che bu

Image: "Lord Devlin of the silver hair and the snivel-
ing voice," as Glynnis calls him, plays the part of courtier
quite well. His pompous attitude shows in his choice of
clothing. He wears richly embroidered velvet vests and
bright-colored linen shirts with flowing sleeves. His
styleoften mimics that of his prince, the new founder of
fashion. Tooled black-leather cowboy boots with silver
tips at the toes peak out from beneath his straight-legged
black pants, perhaps the one affectation from the time he
spent in Peoriz

Devlin's face has a round puffiness that makes him
look bloated. His lips are fat and soft, and his narrow,
watery eyes inevitably seek out the most buxom woman in
the room. He will often flip his long silver hair back over
his shoulders.

Roleplaying Hints: You really hated not being in-
volved in a court of some type. Now that Yrtalien has
arrived, you can return to your old ways. You like Yrtalien's
method of running his court and expect others to treat you
with the respect you deserve as his right-hand man. You
feel you deserve no less than to be able to lord your nobility
over mortals and commoners alike.

You feel no loyalty toward Yrtalien, however, and will
sell him out to the highest bidderas fast as you sold out your
own granny. You don't believe his plan for world domina-
tion will succeed; however, it'll be a good time while he
lasts.

Argo and CDauler

Rarely do twin brothers both have changeling souls,
but in the case of Argo and Mauler, it happened. Their
bond is extremely strong because of it. They go everywhere
together. Born in the ghetto of New York, they ran the
streets for years, selling drugs and working as muscle for the
mob.

Their Chrys:
began when Mauler fell in love with a young woman
named Angie Moccioli. Unknown to Mauler, so did Argo.
A satyr, Angie awakened the twins to their faerie natures.

is came upon themas quite a surprise. It

For weeks, neither knew the other was seeing the same
woman. In their small minds, they thought it was merely
a fortunate coincidence that they should both discover a
gorgeous young satyr and their faerie natures at the same
time. Angie played one brother off the other until finally
they discovered the truth and came to blows, nearly killing
each other.

In the middle of that fateful fight, Argo and Mauler
stopped. They looked longand hard at one another. Then,
arm in arm, they went home and vowed to stay away from
Angie.


Within the year, they had affronted their boss and
acquired the sudden need to leave New York. They booked
a flight for what they thought was Hanover, but instead
ended up in Hawai'i. (They never were terribly bright.)
And now they work for Yrtalien.

Argo

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Riddler/Bumpkin
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Troll

Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Ap
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wi
s Alertness 1, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 2,
Kenning 1,
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 2,

Security 4
Kaowlédgear Investigation' 1, Law) Oceuled, CDauler

Linguistics 1 (Spanish), Science 1 Court: Unseelie

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 2 Legacies: Grotesque/Bumpkin

Realms: Actor 2, Prop 2, Scene 3 Seeming: Wilder

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 3 Kith: Troll

Glamour: 7 Motley: Hilo

Banality: 5 Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Willpower: 5 Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 1
Talen lertness 1, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 5, Kenning 1, Streetwise 4
Skills: Drive 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4
Knowledges: Computer 1, Linguistics 1 (Spanish),
Medicine 2, Occult 4, Science 1
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 3
Realms: Actor 2, Prop 2, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Dreamers 1, Resources 3
Glamour: 8
Banality: 5
Willpower: 5

Image: Argo and Mauler, in their mortal guises, are

extremely attractive identical twins. They both have short
walnut hair that curls up at the napes of their necks. Their
masculine faces have deep lines around their mouths, eyes
and overhanging, heavy brows. The permanent shadows
of their dark beards cannot be shaved away.

Chapcer five: The Unseehe Courz


Despite their physical similarities, Argo and Mauler

have distinct personalities. Argo, like his mother, loves
bright colors. He wears comfortable sweatpants and T-
shirts. Bandannas of every color are wrapped around his
ankles, his wrists and his head. His steel-lined boots were
bought from the dock worker's outlet, and he painted his
name in glow-in-the-dark green on the toes. Around his
neck, Argo sports a multicolored bead necklace with a
peace sign hanging down in the center, and in one ear he
wears a tiny Gemini symbol.

Mauler tends toward more traditional clothing, like
his father. He wears blue jeans, when he can find a pair
large enough to fit his body, and plain white T-shirts.
Chains and safety pins, attached to his black leather
jacket, jangle softly when he moves. On the back, in
running red letters, are the words, "Live and Let Die."
(Mauler loves old Bond flicks.) To top itall off, Mauler has
a ring in his nose and one at the end of his eyebrow.

In their troll seemings, Argo and Mauler do not
appear as identical as they do when in their mortal guises.
Nevertheless, they are still two large, ugly trolls who rarely
s they do in their mortal forms,
but their outfits seem to take on lives of their own —

smile. They dress vaguely

especially Argo's rainbow.

Roleplaying Hints: Neither of you say much. You
have a knack for knowing what the other is thinking, and
why bother talking to anyone else? You work for the boss.
You do what he says. You hit people if he says so. You kill
people if he says so. He's da boss. Oh, and you don't go
anywhere near women. Unless da boss says so.

Lady Siva

Born to an affluent East Coast family, Lady Siva has
never wanted for anything. She spent her youth getting
kicked out of boarding schools for "improper" behavior,
usually involving boys or alcohol. Her parents paid her
way into and out of one finishing school after the other.
When old enough, Siva quit school entirely and became
thediva ofthe Club Med social crowd. She figured she may
as well have fun until her beauty started to fade, at which
time she planned to finda wealthy husband with whom to
settle down.

Siva discovered her faerie seeming on the eve of her
2st birthday. It came as quite a shock to her when, after
aparticularly acrobatic encounter witha young Harvardite,
she looked at herself in the mirror only to discover she was
a satyr. In that instant, she rediscovered her faerie soul.
Siva's next few hours were not pretty. The young man she
had been with fled in terror. He thoughtshe was dying, All
alone, Siva survived her Chrysalis.

Soon after, Siva moved to Hawai'i with a rich busi-
nessman more than twice her age. For the first time, she
met others like herself, the Unseelie of Hilo. Siva rejoiced
in her newfound freedom and friends.

When Yrtalien came to Hilo, Siva found herself
immediately attracted to his good looks and charm. She
decided to insinuate herself into his court and succeeded
quite well. Yrtalien made her a noble within the first few
moments of meeting her. Now Lady Siva, a commoner,
holds one of the few positions of nobility in Yrtalien's
Shadow Court.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Rogue/Troubador

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Satyr

Motley: Hilo

Physica
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5

: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 5, Expression 3, Seduction 4
Skills: Drive 4, Etiquette 4, Leadership 1
Knowledges: Computer 2, Linguistics 4, Politics 3
Arts: Chicanery 5, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 4, Title 2
Glamour: 9

Banality: 5

Willpower: 4


Image: In both her mortal and her faerie forms, Lady
Siva's thick red locks curl around her body as if they were
alive. They draw attention to her shapely curves, which
she takes little pain to hide. She prefers to make the most
of her assets, choosing to wear tight or sheer miniskirts and
blouses.

Her long, persuasive eyelashes frame her emerald
eyes. A row of perfect, white teeth show within a mouth
slightly too large for her face. Her lips move with practiced
sensualism.

Siva's legs just don't quit. In both her forms, they are
long and shapely. Her satyr pelt lays smoothly against her
body, its auburn color and tiny curls matching her hair.
She colors her hooves a soft pink, making them seem
almost like blushing flesh.

Roleplaying Hints: Your years among the elite of the
world have taught you the value of class and etiquette, but
they did not make youa prude. On the contrary, you have
mastered the ability to walk that fine line between debu-
tante and slut. You love to love with abandon and have
experimented with just about everything, sans prejudice.
You view every person you meet asa potential lover. Your
dedication to the Unseelie cause goes only as far as it
benefits you. Ifit ceases to be fun, you won't do it any more,
and if it turns ugly, well... Mummy and Daddy have always
gotten you out of trouble before; you don't see why that
shouldn't continue. Your experience has taught you that
anything and anyone can be bought.

Gamine Larouche

Born and raised in Hawai'i, the daughter of a succes

ful French hotel owner, Gamine has a rebellious streak a
mile wide. Her parents, her father in particular, were
always brutally strict. The stricter they were, the more
rebellious she became, the more strict they became, and so
on. In high school, Gamine dabbled in a multitude of
debaucheries in an attempt to create the illusion that she
had some control over her life. She tried every drug she
could get her hands on and entered into every possible
sexual situation she could imagine. When she discovered
sado-masochism, heavy on the "sado," she found the
empowermentshe had been seeking. Buteven that seemed
temporary and superficial; her mother and father still
controlled her.

When Gamine met Siva, she was overwhelmed by
the satyr's charm and sexuality. They became lovers, and
Siva taught her a means of empowerment more enriching
than any whips-and-chains encounter could ever be. Ga-
mine soaked in Siva's Glamour, at last remembering her
true nature. This alone gave her what she needed to break
free of the suffocating ties with her parents.

AMK

Gamine did not stay with Siva for long, although the
elder satyr will always hold a special place in Gamine's
heart. The younger satyr moved on to other lovers, enjoy-
ing her new freedom and sexual power over men, women
and fae. When she first learned of the Unseelie cause, she
couldn't believe that a group was fighting a larger-scale
battle parallel to her own personal one. She jumped on the
bandwagon, ready to free all fae from the oppression of the
power-hungry.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Courtier

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Satyr

Motley: Hilo

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Kenning 2, Seduc-
tion 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Performance 2, Security 1
Knowledges: Computer 1, Mythlore 1, Occult 2,
Politics 1

Arts: Chicanery 2, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Scene 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 1, Mentor 2, Resources 1
Glamour: 9

Banality: 5

Willpower: 6


Treasure: Gamine owns chimeric teddy bear/mu
box that Siva gave her. It playsa melody and dances for her
when she commands it.

Image: Gamine's mortal sex-kitten image has no
boundaries. She often wears dresses and skirts in children's
styles, a size too small for her well-developed body. She has
no inhibitions when it comes to her body, nor does
r, have a knack for
making her public "flashes of flesh" seem like an innocent

have much class. She does, how

accident. She sometimes "forgets" to wear underwear,
listening for the gasps as she bends over to retrieve some-
thing among the most inappropriate company.

Gamine quite deliberately flirts with every change-
lingshe comes in contact with, although the more attractive
ones gain her attention first. She has straight blond hair
that hangs to her hig
her target's face or run it over his or herarm. Also, she can

She loves to accidentally flip it into

bring tears to her large, blue eyes at will.

Gamine loves make-up and applies it with style. She
often draws designs on her cheeks or around her eyes. Her
belly button is pierced, as well as each of her nipples, and
she wears a golden chain connecting the three.

In her faerie guise, Gamine's body reeks of sexuality.
Sometimes, she wears transparent lace dresses that leave
little to the imagination. Most of the time, however, she
wears nothing, using her hair to hide her breasts, decorat-
ing it with beads and tiny bells that jingle when she moves
her head. The s
It sparkles

ft fur on her lower body is blond and fine.
ith golden glitter. On the top of her left hoof,
she has had carved a stylized male symbol, on the right, a
female symbol.
Roleplaying Hints: You are hot and you know it.
Each body in your bed is

parents and another point for you. Having discovered the

another slap in the face to your

Unseelie cause, you can now take that battle to an even
higher plane. The:
achieve your goals.

re no limits to how far you will go to.

Bonaparce Bone' Gonzales

Bone experienced his Chry:

lis under the tutelage of
an Unseelie gang in the streets of Los Angeles. He worked
for years, loyal to the gang, slowly climbing the ladder
toward gang leader. Being a redcap actually helped him
earna reputation and respect. When at last his turn came,
the gang passed him by because of his Hispanic origins.
The previous gang leader had been killed, and by all rights,
Bone should have been the successor. The other members,
however, felt an Hispanic leader would hurt their cause
more than help it.

Furious, Bone bit the face off of his usurper. When
morning came, he realized what he had done and began
making plans to leave the city. He had heard that Unseelie
were gathering in Hawai'i, so off he went.

Assoonas he arrived, Bone began to establish his own
gang. He led everyone to believe that he used to be the
leader of one of the toughest street gangs in Los Angel
Not knowing any better, Unseelie flocked to him and hi
"experienced" leadership.

Pleased with his own cleverness, Bone calls his new
| gang-leader fashion, he has
begun to establish the rituals his gang will use for initia-

gang the Volcanos. In typic

tions and other important events. Although he has yet to
commit any murders in Hawai'i, he has already decided
that all ritual killings will involve the cooking and eating
of the offender. He wants that to become the calling card
of the Volcanos

The arrival of Yrtalien brought back bad memories of
his usurpation in Los Angeles. The lousy bastard just came
in and took over, stealing all of Bone's loyal gangers away
from him. Needless to say, Bone has a grudge against
Yrtalien.

For the moment, Bone hasn't done anything but sit
back and complain, drowning his anger in booze. He tells
himself he's just waiting for the right opportunity to take
his revenge, but deep down he knows he could never best

toface. So, he watches and he waits, knowing
this time his patience will win out. His time will come.


Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Beast/Wayfarer
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Redcap
Motley: Hilo
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimidation
5, Kenning 2, Streetwise 4
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 2, Melee 4,
Security 5, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Law 1, Politics 1, Science 1
Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 4
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Nature 1, Props 4, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Holdings 1, Resources |
Glamour: 7
Banality: 6
Willpower: 5

Treasure: Bone has a .45 whose bullets themselves
contain Glamour. They fly true. Add two dice to the roll
to hit.

Image: Bone's chosen gang colors are black and red.
He wears a red bandanna around his head and wrist. Black

shirts, pants and tennis shoes complete his wardrobe. On

the inside of his left forearm, Bone still bears the tattoo of
his gang, anine-inch dagger witha swirled hilt. He had the
tattoo altered as soon as he arrived in Hawai'i to include
an aura of flames and black smoke.

Seen with enchanted eyes, Bone's tattoo seems to
flicker and spark. The flames travel up his arm. The black
of his clothing draws one in with a sense of vertigo, as if it
were a black hole. His redcap features seem harsher than
ever, and a ragged scar appears on his left cheek where cold
iron once bit him; he likes it. Bone keeps his hair long, to
just below his shoulders, held back in a tight ponytail; its
flaming orange-red stands out like flames against the
darkness of his shirt.

Roleplaying Hints: You will have your own gang!
One way or the other. You know you deserve it. You hate
the Seelie sidhe even more than you hate pretentious
Unseelie royalty. You think those like Yrtalien are just
trying to imitate the Seelie courts. He doesn't know
anything about the true nature of rebellion and the best
means to achieve it. Gangs. That's the way to go. Just a
bunch of dudes and chicas working together to make it
happen. None of this hoity-toity, talk-pretty and drink
champagne crap. Get real. You know that in order for the
Unseelie to rise again, you have to revel in the dirt the
Seelie courts have thrown you into. You have to know the
floor and walls of your pit before you can crawl out.
Pretending to be already on the surface won't do a damn
bit of good



CDenehune

The hills look over on the South,

And southward dreams the sea;

And, with the sea-breeze hand in hand,
Came innocence and she.

— Francis Thompson, "Daisy"

The Menehune have occupied the island of Kaua'i in
Hawai'i since ancient times. Their own elders believe they
are the oldest of the fae. A tribal society, isolated from the
Banality of modern civilization, they have successfully
guarded many of their customs and much of their inno-
cence. The Menehune have their own word for Glamour
—they call it mana and they pull it from nature, the
indigenous rain forest surrounding them, rather than from
the dreams of mortals.

The Menehune have specific laws and traditions which
dictate their daily duties. Each individual hasa position and
a responsibility within the hierarchy of the tribe, like a cog
inamachine. They all work together under the direction of
the chief to ensure the continued safety and productivity of
the community. For more information on this exotic race of
changelings, see "Menchune," in the Appendix.

Certain abilities are available only to them because of
their traditions and lifestyle. Furthermore, some of the
Talent
only within their own environment. These ha'

ills and Knowledges of the Menehune apply

indicated in the character statistics below by an aster
behind the value. If the value listed is split, then the
second value applies to the use of the ability versus

outsiders. Only one value indicates that the character does
not have the ability at all when dealing with situations

beyond the normal experience of the Menehune.

Chief COakami

Chief Makani rules with a commanding, yet gentle
and diplomatic hand. He takes his responsibilities as the
village's chief seriously. According to Menehune tradi-
tion, the chief serves not only as the leader, but also as the
guardian of the village's mana. As a result, the chief has
greater access to mana than his people. Other traditions
abound concerning the treatment of the chief. These have
been passed down through many generations. For ex-
ample, no Menehune may speak in the presence of the
chief unless given permission to do so. Furthermore, tribal
taboos dictate that no one must ever allow her shadow to
fall upon the chief. The Menehune respect and honor

Chapcer Six: The Gallain and Prodigal


Chief Makani. A kind old kumu, Chief Makani enjoys lu'
aus as much as anyone and has even been known to join
in hula dances from time to time. His soft heart and love
for his people have served him well over the years, building
astrong relationship between him andhis followe

Makani lost his wife soon after the birth of their s
daughter. He entered intoa period of mourning that lasted
a year and avday following:the tragic accident. He has
raised his daughters as he knows his wife would have
wanted, keeping her memory alive with them. As per
Menehune custom, Chief Makani never took another
wife. His loneliness has been the greatest pain in his life.
Camp: Feast

Legacies: Chief/Warrior

Royal Line: Kaua'i
Seéming: Kumu (Grump)

Calling: Alii

Motley: The Village of Hidden Treasures
Physic
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodg:
Empathy 5/3*, Expression 4, Intimidation 4, Kenning
5, Swimming 4, Throwing 3

Skills: Canoeing 4, Climbing 3, Crafts 4, Dancing 2
(hula), Etiquette 4*, Leadership 6, Meditation 5, Melee
3, Survival 5 (rain forest)

Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Knowledges: Animal Lore 4, Area Knowledge 5
(Hawai'ian Islands),
Law 5*, Mythlore 5/3*, Traditions 6

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on the hn

Arts: Primal 5, Soothsay 5, Sovereign 5, Wayfare 5
Realms: Fae 5, Nature 5, Prop 2, Scene 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Gremayre 5, Holdings 5,
Mentor 4, Totem 4 (Rock)
Glamour: 10/(25)*
Banality: 2
Willpower: 8

Image: Chief Makani's dark hair has only just begun
to show signs of graying. His mature features give him an
air of wisdom and strength. His eyes shine with bubbling
intelli yy, and his skin bears the wrinkles
of many smiles and days spent in the open air.

nce and curio:

Chief Makani wears a cloak made of feathers from
various local birds such as the bird-of-paradise and the
peacock. Lined with hardened reeds, the cloak not only
glorifies his station, but also protects him. The tradition of
this cloak, called the Mantle of Birds, has passed from chief
to chief over the ages. The elders believe that the ali'i nui,
the Great Chief, wore one when she met with the leader
of the original Menehune, the builders, in ancient times.
When a chief dies, his people bury him in his Mantle of
Birds. The whole tribe then works together to make anew
one for the old chief's replacement.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the chief, the leader and
the father of the Menehune. You must ensure the safety
and happiness of your tribe. In return, the Menehune and
anyone else who comesto your villageiowe yourespectand
You will harshly punish anyone who shows you
disrespect. You will do what you must to safeguard the

homag:

sanctity of the village, including ordering the deaths of
those who commit transgressions against you and yours.
When speaking, assume an air of command. Be firm and
strict, yet diplomatic

Kanam

A prin among the Menehune and the eldest
daughter of Chief Makani, Kanani holds a special position
in her village. Someday, when her father dies, she will step
into the role of chief. Kanani began her preparations at an
early age. The Menehune believe that only a lifetime of
training can prepare one to be chief.

Kanani has studied the diplomatic and judicial re-
sponsibilities of a chief. She has learned to run with the
warriors and shoot with the hunters. She has crafted
beautiful leis from the island's blossoms and shells. She has
spent long hours with the kahunas, memorizing Menehune
history and learning the ways of the spirit world. And,
most importantly, she has studied mana, its uses, its nature
and its value. Although nowhere near as wise or knowl-
edgeable as her father, Kanani has reached a point in her


preparation where she would be accepted as chief if her
father were to die. The villagers now call her ali'iki or little
chief. This places her one step above the other ali'i of the
village. Kanani adores her father. She would do anything
for him and for the other Menehune, her sense of duty
outweighing any personal needs or desires she might have.
Raised in a protected environment amidst the beauty of
the Kaua'i rain forest, with its magnificent waterfalls and
beaches, Kanani embodies the typical Menehune inno-
cence. However, she has experienced the dangers of the
mortal world, seen its extravagances and its wastefulness.
Although Kanani does not understand the evils she has

she knows enough to distrust strangers. Their odd
ways frishvervand shock her.

Kanani's time in Hilo had an adverse affect on her
health and hermana. Livingamidst the Banality of the city
drained her mana, and the horrible events she witnessed
affected her peace of mind. Although she has regained
some of her vigor, she fears it will never return to its full
glory.

Camp: Feast

Legacies: Chief/Hoarder

Royal Line: Kaua'i

Seeming: Kanaka (Wilder)

Calling: Ali'i

Motley: The Village of Hidden Treasures
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Empathy
4/2, Kenning 5, Swimming 5, Throwing 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 3, Etiquette 5*,
Herbalism 5, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Meditation 4,
Survival 4 (rain forest)

Knowledges: Law 3*, Medicine 2, Mythlore 4*, Plant
Lore 4, Traditions 4

Arts: Primal 3, Soothsay 4, Sovereign 3

Realms: Fae 5, Nature 5, Prop 2, Scene 1
Backgrounds: Gremayre 3, Mentor 4, Totem 4
(Mokihana)

Glamour: 7

Willpower: 7

Image: Kanani personifies the beauty of the island on
which she lives. Her long, black hair glistens like flowing
water, and quick intelligence sparks within the dark depths
ofheralmond-shaped eyes. Empathy and kindness show in
the broad yet delicate features of her face. Kanani's is both
an inner and an outer beauty.

Hard-muscled and lean yet gentle, Kanani's strength
hides behind her femininity and the intangible vulner-
ability she acquired while in Hilo. She has copper-colored
skin — smooth, soft and unblemished. She wears the
tradition clothing of her people, tying tiny pearls, shells
and flowers into her hair. Her adornment, like her beauty,
comes from the gifts offered by the island itself: hibiscus,
plumerias and ilima blooms; pink seashells and rich
mokihana berries.

Roleplaying Hints: You have been raised with the
weight of impending responsibility. From early on, you
learned that your first obligation must always be to the
village. You have never resented this, but have accepted it

agiven fact. Youserve the chiefand the Menehune. You
will do anything, even leave your village, if it serves the
greater good of the Menehune. You associate mana, the
island and life all as one. You value these treasures and do
not approve of their waste. You distrust all visitors to your
village; their ways make you uncomfortable. Because of
your duties, however, you will ignore your disquiet and
make a courageous attempt to understand them. You
would hold an everlasting grudge, how
them did anything to harm the Menehune.

Latan:

Lulani was raised differently from her sister, Kanani.
Asa second child, her role among the Menehune differs
ulani serves as hoani'i, mother-hostess and

, if any one of

from Kanani's
lorekeeper, a job done by her mother before her. Ifa man
held the position, he would be called hoanai'i, father-host.

es all lu'aus
of all lv'aus,

In her capacity as hoani'i, Lulani ov
and celebrations. She ensures the succe:

Chapzer Six: The Gallain and Prodigal


seeing to everyone's comfort and satisfaction, often forget-
ting to eat herself.

The Menehune love Lulani deeply. She never speaks
an unkind word against anyone. If anything, she often
neglects the more disciplinarian side of her duties.

As a part of her responsibilities, Lulani greets and
adv rangers who come to the village. She creates the
translator necklaces that allow others to speak and unde:
stand the language of the Menehune. She invests these
trinkets with her own mana. An ancient art, the secret to
making shell pendants belongs only to her and a few of the
elder kahunas.

Perhaps her heaviest duty, however, involves her
recognizing the Callings of the village keiki iki and assign-
ing them a "path" or lifelong career. Sometimes she sees it
in a vision, sometimes in the keiki iki's eyes. With the
placement of the lei of hoani'i upon her bosom, Lulani
receives the gift of sight from the gods. This gift allows her
to see into the hearts of others. According to Menehune
tradition, the life path she chooses for a keiki iki must never
be disputed. No Menehune picks her own duties within
the tribe. That is the custom. It is a heavy responsibility,
one that Lulani and all her predecessors have taken
seriously.

Camp: Feast

Legacies: Wise One/Hoarder

Royal Line: Kaua'i

Seeming: Kanaka (Wilder)

Calling: Kahuna

Motley: The Village of Hidden Treasures
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Empathy 5, Kenning
5, Swimming 4
Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 3*, Fishing 2, Herbalism 4,
Hunting 2, Leadership 3, Singing 5, Survival 3 (rain
forest)
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4 (Kaua'i), Mythlore
4*, Occult 5*, Plant Lore 5
Arts: Primal 3, Soothsay 5, Wayfare 3
Realms: Fae 5, Nature 3, Prop 3, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Gremayre 4, Mentor 4, Totem 3 (ohi'a
tree)
Glamour: 8
Banality: 2
Willpower: 5

Image: Lulani, although not as naturally beautiful as
her sister, has a certain charm that makes her striking. Her
smile radiates warmth and acceptance. Lulani has come
into full bloom. Her figure has lost its childlike qualities,
and several of the Menehune warriors have taken notice.
Her long dark hair reaches to her hips, swinging gracefully
as she walks. Her face still carries the roundness of a keiki
iki, but her dark eyes express the emerging kanaka. Her
golden skin and dainty nose and mouth reveal her pure
Menehune blood.

The colorful wrap skirts of the Menehune cling to
Lulani in all the right places. The bright reds and pinks of
the fabric bring the blush out in her cheeks and lips. At lu

ausand other celebrations, she wears only leis to cover her

breasts as do the other Menehune women. The profusion
of blooms symbolize the closeness of nature to their hearts.

Roleplaying Hints: You enjoy your role as hoan?'iand
take the duties that accompany it to heart. You would
never do anything to disappoint your people. You love
your father deeply and cannot refuse him anything. Like-
wise, you and your sister, Kanani, have always been close
and you want nothing more than her happiness. For that
matter, everyone else's happiness takes precedence over
your own. That is the way of the Menehune. Youare proud
of your position and grateful for the respect and love it
affords you. The job has its rewards.

Ramaia

The position of kahuna carries with it a great deal of
honor. The Menehune consider it a sacred responsibility.
The kahunas each havea specific area in which they special-
ize. Because so much knowledge must be remembered, no
one kahuna can do it all. Although Hamaia knows the spirit
world, he specializes in the preservation of Menehune
history. He isa kahuna ka'i. The Menehune believe their lore


tobe the literal soul of their kith. They feel that losing these
chronicles would permanently wound them.

Hamaia has studied Menehune lore his entire life.
The rich history of the Menehune requires a lifetime of
preparation before one can consider himself completely
versed in it. Nearly every day throughout his life, Hamaia
has gone to the kahuna's hale, along with one or two
others, to learn about the traditions, arcana and history of
the Menehune. All of them prepared for the position that
eventually only one of them could hold.

The Menehune believe so strongly in the preserva-
tion of their lore that they take no risks in the preparation
of a kahuna ka'. Keiki iki spotted by the hoani'i as destined
to become kahuna ka'i spend their entire lives studying the
lore. When the kahuna ka'i dies, all trained kanaka must
compete to decide who will take her place. Traditionally,
keiki iki do not enter this competition.

The lore contest occurs overa three-day period and is
accompanied by feasting and revelry. All the Menehune
come out for the Lu'au Kahuna Ka'i in their finest clothes
and adornments. The lu'au serves not only as a means of
choosing the new kahuna ka'i but also as a wake for the
deceased. The celebration, with hula dancing, abundant
xhibitions of flame juggling and wrestling, lasts
three days and nights. No one but the contestants may
sleep, for to do so would show disrespect for the years of
work the students endured in preparation for this contest.

food,

The test requires that the contestants tell tales
requested by the chief. If the contestant's delivery has
missing elements or does not do what it is intended to do,
the student is eliminated. Thus, the contest continues
until only one remains, the new kahuna ka'i. The new
kahuna ka'i then becomes the focus of the lu au. Even the
losers celebrate, since no shame comes from losing. They
will still hold positions of respect and honor. They will
continue to study, knowing someday they may get another
chance. They also become the teachers, along with the
kahuna ka'i of the keiki iki who will eventually replace them.

Hamaia has been kahuna ka'i for many years. He has
earned a reputation as one of the greatest in the history of
the Menehune. His tellings evoke strong emotions.
Camp: Feast
Legacies: Wise One/Hunter
Royal Line: Moloka'i
Seeming: Kumu (Grump)

Calling: Kahuna
Motley: The Village of Hidden Treasures

Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 4, Expression 5,
Intimidation 3,
Kenning 3, Subterfuge 2, Swimming 3
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Canoeing 3, Climbing 2,
Dancing 2, Etiquette 5*, Fishing 2, Herbalism 5,
Hunting 2, Leadership 3, Meditation 6, Performance 5,
Survival 4 (rain forest)
Knowledges: Animal Lore 6, Area Knowledge 6,
Enigmas 3, Medicine 5*, Mythlore 5/3*, Plant Lore 5,
Spirit Lore 5
Arts: Primal 5, Soothsay 5, Sovereign 5, Wayfare 5
Realms: Actor 5, Fae 5, Nature 4, Prop 3, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Gremayre 4, Mentor 4,
Totem 5 (Lagoon)
Glamour: 9
Banality: 4
Willpower: 8

Image: Hamaia can adopt an austere demeanor when
he tries. His long silver hair hangs down past his shoulders
in strips tied off with shells that jingle together when he
moves his head. The lines on his tanned face concentrate
around his eyes and mouth. His eyes draw his listeners in.
One of them is dark brown and the other bears a slight rust
discoloration. Some Menehune say he uses his bloody eye
to look into the souls of his listeners. Hamaia wears long
colorful wraps around his waist. Around his ankles and
wrists he wears strings of seashells similar to those in his
hair.

Roleplaying Hints: You carry in your head the most
valuable treasure of the Menehune: their lore. You know
the Menehune would rally to protect your life, even

Chapcer Six: The Gallam and Prodigal


putting you before the chief. The chief commands and
protects the Menehune, whereas you have become the
livingembodimentof everything thatisand was Menehune.
g Ty is
You love the respect and attention this affords you,
Ps y
yet you also realize the serious responsibility that comes
with it. Above all else, the recounting of Menehune
history makes you feel alive. You see the lights come on
y y ig!
behind the eyes of your listeners, and you feel the power
y y y Pp
you have over them and their emotions.

Kenu

At the age of five, Kenu looked up at the hoani'i, then
Lulani's mother, and she pronounced that he would be-
come a great warrior, kokua. His grandfather and father
had both followed the path of the kahuna and they felt
some disappointment when Kenu did not follow them.
The word of the hoani'i, however, can never be doubted.
From that day forward, Kenu embraced the life of a kokua.

Kenu fights courageously in the warrior contests, kulai
umauma, of the Menehune and can throw a spear farther
and straighter than any of the other warriors. He has
proven his skill on many occasions and has even had
several lu'aus in his honor. All young warriors undertake

il AMK

adream quest when they leave their keiki iki selves behind.
Kenu's dream quest left a lasting impression on him.
Following tradition, he trekked into the rain forest to find
the "place that called to him."

After many hours, Kenu finally came to a clearing
where bougainvillia vines covered the ground and climbed
the trees, blossoms filling the air with their lush scent. To
one side, a waterfall poured over smooth rocks into a
glistening pool. Sunlight, filtering through the tops of the

16 Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che lon

banyan and flame trees, created rainbows in the mist
coming off the waterfall. Kenu knew he had found his
"place."

For days, Kenu fasted and meditated there. He swam
in the pool and soaked in the mana of the grotto. On the
third day, Kenu slipped into the Dreaming. A giant bird-
of-paradise flew down to him, a kamano (salmon) in its
beak. The bird dropped the fish at Kenu's feet, then
stooped to drink in the pool. When it turned back around,
the bird had become a small changeling with reddish skin
and bulging eyes. The strange being smiled and said,
"Hauoli la hanau." Then it scampered away over the rocks
and quickly out of sight. Kenu awoke with a start, his
childling days behind him. In front of him lay the kamano.

As he contemplated his dream, he remembered a
story his grandfather had told him about a faerie with
reddish skin and enlarged eyes, one of the original
Menehune, the builders. He smiled. "Hauoli la hanau" is
the Hawai'ian equivalent of "Happy Birthday." Kenu had
become a kanaka. He picked up the fish and ended his
fasting. The fish became Kenu's spirit animal, and Kenu
soon found that his dream quest gift allowed him to swim
as no other Menehune warrior could.

Camp: War

Legacies: Farmer/Warrior

Seeming: Kanaka (Wilder)

Calling: Kokua (Warrior)

Motley: The Village of Hidden Treasures

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation4, Kenning 2, Swimming 8, Throwing 6
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Canoeing 5, Climbing 5,
Etiquette 3*, Fishing 2, Hunting 5, Leadership 3,
Melee 4, Stealth 4, Surfing 5, Survival 4 (rain forest)
Knowledges: Animal Lore 2, Area Knowledge 5
(Kaua'i)

Arts: Primal 4, Wayfare 2

Realms: Nature 3, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Gremayre 1, Mentor 3, Totem 4
(Kamano)

Glamour: 8

Banality: 3

Willpower: 7

Image: Kenu's tall, lean body moves like that of a
panther. He glides across the ground, muscles relaxed, yet
he remains in a perpetual state of readiness. In every
endeavor, Kenu dedicates himself to his undertaking.


Whether dancing or hunting, his complete attention
remains fixed on the moment. Kenu speaks only when
necessary, using the dark depths of his expressive eyes to
convey pleasure or displeasure. Full and proud, his mouth
can be equally expressive. The black curls of his hair cling
tightly to the crown of hishead. Hissmooth, high forehead
bears no wrinkles or worry lines.

Asa kokua, Kenu wears only a cloth wrap around his
lower torso. Long and narrow, it goes around his hips, then
down through his legs and up again to tuck in at his waist.
Similar to a baby's diaper, it allows him freedom of move-
ment while preserving his modesty.

Roleplaying Hints: You run, jump and swim. You eat
heartily and sleep lightly. You throw your spear long and
straight. You wrestle the other kokuas to the ground. You
are proud and strong. You are happy. You are a kokua. A
kokua has few needs. When dealing with strangers, you
speak little, standing up tall and crossing your arms toshow
that you are a great warrior. You keep your eyes hard upon
their faces. They must not see any weakness in you. You
might have to kill them — if the chief wishes it.

With friends, you are kind and loving in an unassum-
ing manner. Youare respected asa great kokuaand haveno
enemies. You would do anything to protect the people of
the village, especially Lulani. Recently, you have discov-
ered that you are in love with Lulani. You plan to ask her

to be yours once you have proven yourself.

Doki

Sixteen-year-old Poki dreams of seeing the world. He
feels the confinement of the village like the walls of a
prison cell. Poki loves his family and friends, but he has
seen glimpses of the outside world and wants to explore it.

Poki sits atop the highest cliff in Kaua'i, watching the
giant cruise ships and sailing boats go by. He sees the people,
tiny dots on their ships, and wonders what they are like.
Whenever malihini, strangers, come to the village, Poki's
parents forbid him from going near them. They sense his
unrest and unnatural curiosity toward the outside world.

The hoani'i, mother-hostess, announced Poki's place
in the Menehune. He is a fire-dancer. For years he has
trained in the ways of fire. He has learned the dances and
can juggle flaming batons, but his heart isn't in it. Time and
again, Chief Makani and his parents have explained to him
the importance of the fire-dancers. They honor the ancient
gods, especially Pele, the goddess of fire. Also, the fire-
dancers watch over the village fires, making sure they never
go out and that the cooking pits stay well-maintained. Poki
performs his duties, all the while wishing for the day when
he will leave the village.

Poki watched the strangers come and go. He saw their
boats travel away from the island, a sinking feeling in his
stomach. One of them, however, left something behind: a
small chimeric creature. A combination of unicorn and
pegasus, the chimera fits in the palm of Poki's hand. It lives
in the lagoon now, near the openings to the trods. Poki visits
it from time to time and they have become good friends. The
creature comes out of hiding at Poki's whistle. He tells it his
dreams as it glows softly in his hand, apparently listening.
Camp: War
Legacies: Crafter/Raider
Seeming: Kanaka (Wilder)

Calling: Hana (Crafter)

Motley: The Village of Hidden Treasures

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Kenning 2,
Subterfuge 2, Swimming 4, Throwing 4

Skills: Canoeing 2, Climbing 4, Dancing 5 (fire
dances),Etiquette 3*, Melee 2, Meditation 2, Perfor-
mance 3, Stealth 3, Survival 3 (rain forest)
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4 (Kaua'i), Investiga-
tion 1, Traditions 2

Arts: Primal 2

Realms: Nature 2, Prop 2, Scene 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 1 (tiny unicorn/pegasus),
Mentor 3, Totem 4 (Fire)

Glamour: 9

Banality: 3

Willpower: 5


Image: Poki wears the traditional patterned wrap-
skirt of the fire-dancer. It hangs straight down to just below
his knees, its fabric tight around his body so it will not blow
into the fire and burn, yet flapped so he can move with ease.

Poki's lean body has just begun to show signs of his
approaching manhood. He stands somewhat taller than
the other boys hisage —his legs long and muscular. He has

rin the style he saw Yrtalien wear. Ithangs down
ina long, black shag that he sometimes pulls back
into a tail.

Roleplaying Hints: You have seen hints here and
there of the outside world, and you are dying of curiosity.
You feel stifled by the static nature of the Menehune:
Nothing changes in your village. The old die and the new
take their places. Recently, however, strangers have come
to your village. Their customs differ from yours. They have
experienced events no one in your village has ever expe-
rienced — in all the history of the Menehune. You want
to experience those things as well. You plan to run away at
your earliest opportunity. You will stop at nothing, short
of harming one of the Menehune, to see the wide, wonder-
ful world that awaits you.

The Selkies

Just north of San Francisco, on the rocky coast of
Point Reyes, there exists a hidden freehold, down a misty
beach and up a steep cliff, in the living rock of the Earth.
It is inhabited by a motley of beautiful fae called selkies.

The seashores are their habitat, their refuge, their
home. Part human, part seal, selkies share a bond with the
creatures of the world's seashores. Their freeholds lie at the
edge of the great waters in hidden grottos and beach fronts.
The selkies of the Point Reyes freehold chose to build
theirs in a cave on the side of a cliff. They call themselves
the Selkies of Rocky Shore.

Selkies are skinchangers. When one changes to her
human form, she literally removes her skin and sets it
aside. The skin, which also has a mortal seeming, can
appear as a sealskin vest, coat or even a wetsuit. A selkie
who has lost her skin may not cast any faerie magic until
she retrieves it. The skin carries in it the selkie's Glamour
and her fae essence. The destruction of a selkie's skin is
disastrous to her. (See "Appendix," pg. 127-8, Immortal
Eyes: The Toybox for more information on the selkies.)
Both the selkies and the Menehune prize a resounding
respect fornature. Because of this and the long history they
share, a standing alliance has developed between the two
kith. Eitherofthem wouldrally to the other. The Menehune
lore-keeperseven believe the large-eyed, red-skinned build-
ers who preceded the current Menehune were related to

Immortal Cyes: Shadows on the hn

the selkies. The gentle seal folk do not contradict this
theory. As a matter of fact, they have remained suspi-
ciously silent on the subject.

Back in the days of the closing of Silver's Gate, the
selkies were given the task of delivering the Shadowstone
to the Menehune. They safeguarded it all the w:
Hawai'i, conveying it into the care of their allies. The
selkies have kept this knowledge sacred. They and only a
few others know the history of the Shadowstone.

Ondine

Ondine servesas leader of the Selkies of Rocky Shore.
She guides them with fairness and wisdom. Tall and
graceful, she looks the part of a gentle queen. However,
because the selkies do not adhere to a hierarchical social
structure, instead considering everyone completely equal,
her role is only titular. The others turn to her for guidance,
but she wields no authority over them.

Ondine is proud to be a selkie. She strongly believes in
the preservation of the selkie line and tradition. She estab-
lished her freehold at Rocky Shore in order to teach selkies
about their heritage and to encourage selkie solidarity.

When a selkie dies, her skin falls away from her. If the
selkie is a grump, prepared for death, she has already made
arrangements for the skin to be passed on to one of her kinain
or she has named an heir who will choose the next recipient
of her skin. Whichever kinain receives it will acquire some
knowledge of the selkies, but not necessarily an understand-
ing of the importance of the ancestral inheritanc

Sometimes other Kithain steal selkie skins for the
Glamour they hold, for the skin's resale value or for the
Kithain'sown perverse pleasure. Unseelie have been known


to kill a selkie for her skin. Ondine and her kithmates do
what they can to fight this horrible practice and retrieve
stolen skins.

Ondine and those who live with her keep a constant
vigil for selkies who are dying or who have died with no
heir. She has acquired enough of a reputation that many
seek her out. She accepts the skins of these selkies and
finds worthy kinain upon whom to bestow them. Then,
she teaches the chosen selkie fledge why he should be
proud to be a selkie and what he can do to strengthen the
selkie race.

Ondine has acquired Queen Aeron's trust and re-
spect. She keeps the queen informed about happenings on
the northern coastline and advises her on matters that
pertain to the selkies. The queen, understanding the
significance of a selkie death, notifies Ondine if she hears
of one. Many selkies live up and down the Pacific coast-
line, andalthough Ondine does not know them all, she has
established contacts, such as the queen, who keep her up-
to-date on their activities. Her good deeds are well-known
among the selkies.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin/Outlaw
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Selkie

Motley: Point Reyes

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 5 (+2 vs. opposite sex), Manipula-
tion 4, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5 (swimming),
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Kenning 4, Seduction 4
Skills: Leadership 4, Melee 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Medicine 3, Mythlore 4

Arts: Primal 5, Soothsay 5

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Nature 4, Prop 3, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 5, Gremayre 4,
Holdings 5

Glamour: 9

Banality: 5

Willpower: 6

Image: Ondine's lithe figure moves like seaweed,
smooth and supple. She wears loose-fitting shifts of
gauze in natural colors, the long sleeves reaching down
to her webbed fingers. Her thin face is sculpted in
symmetrical lines, with an upturned nose, high
cheekbones and square chin. In her extraordinarily

large eyes, watery hues swim around each other, the
greens and blues of the world's seas. Like the other
selkies, her skin has a healthy tan and always feels
slightly damp to the touch. Her lips are full and
expressive; her smile can melt hearts and soothe
discordant minds.

Roleplaying Hints: You feel a great responsibility
toward the entire selkie race. With all the violence
and treachery directed at them, you have decided to
stand up and fight the perpetrators. Your kith has as
much a right to grow and prosper as any other. You
would die to protect a selkie skin, which in your mind
is the most valuable treasure a selkie may ever hold. In
your opinion, when you rescue a skin from the thieves
who stole it, you are freeing one of your brothers or
sisters from deadly kidnappers.

Thessalin

Ondine and Thessalin have been lovers for years.
Thessalin helps Ondine when she travels to retrieve a
stolen selkie skin. On more than one occasion, he has
saved her life.

A quiet, young wilder, Thessalin considers himself
not only Ondine's protector, but the protector of the
entire freehold. Sometimes he travels to distant places to
retrieve stolen skins, but he does it more out of a sense of
duty than a desire to travel. Actually, Thessalin hates
wandering far from Ondine. He fears that if he stays away
too long, she will find another lover.

A talented artist, Thessalin carves beautiful figures
from rock and coral. Among his best are seals and walrus,
dancing selkies and swimming dolphins. Thessalin never


keeps them for himself, but gives them to the childlings at
the freehold.

Thessalin came to the Point Reyes freehold on the
day he awoke to his faerie nature. He had been working as
agrunt on the docks in Seattle, loading crates onto a ship,
when Ondine noticed his kinain Glamour. She made an
excuse to meet him in her mortal guise, and the two fell in
love. On the night he asked her to marry him, under the
stars at Point Reyes, Ondine gave him a recently vacated
selkie skin, and Thessalin became one of them. Several
weeks later, once Thessalin had adjusted to his new self, he
moved into the freehold permanently, although Ondine
refused to take any sort of vow with him.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Crafter/Fatalist

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Selkie

Motley: Point Reyes

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3 (+2 vs. opposite sex), Manipula-
tion 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5 (swimming), Brawl
4, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Intimidation 3, Kenning 3,
Seduction 3

Skills: Crafts 5, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Survival 4
Knowledges: Medicine 1, Mythlore 2

Arts: Primal 4

Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Nature 3, Prop 2, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Mentor 4

Glamour: 9

Banality: 3

Willpower: 4

Treasures: Thessalin owns a Seaweed Garrote, a
string of seaweed that when invested with Glamour and
wrapped around the neck of its victim, causes the victim
to feel and believe he is drowning. Unless the victim
manages to break free, he will go unconscious in a matter
of minutes with no actual physical damage inflicted. Many
of the selkie carry these weapons.

Image: Thessalin has curly black hair and a tawny
olive tint to his skin that makes him seem Mediterranean.
He looks larger and stronger than most selkie, perhaps
because of his years as a dock hand. Thessalin wears tight,
yet flexible black pants and white, cotton shirts with the
sleeves removed. Around his neck, he ties a leather thong

on which hangs the coral cameo of Ondine that he carved.
As his only other piece of adornment, he sports a small
golden ring in one earlobe.

Thessalin's rugged face lacks the delicate beauty of most
selkies. Years of struggle in the world of Banality left an
indelible mark upon him. Dark and intense, his eyes peer out
from beneath perpetually furrowed eyebrows. Rarely does his
mouth relax, its tightness cutting a sharp line across his face.
His prominent nose and chin jut out aggressi omplet-
ing a countenance that testifies to his raw masculinity.

Despite his rather rugged appearance, Thessalin speaks
softly and only when he has something to say. He has the
uncanny ability to sum others up with a glance, and he
senses danger before it becomes apparent.

Roleplaying Hints: You would do anything for
Ondine. Your greatest fear is that she will be taken away
from you. She came into your life and gave it meaning. You
have only recently learned again to laugh and love. You
believe it is probably too good to last.

Orifcer

Nine-year-old Drifter lived in San Diego until only a

yearago. His father, a workaholic, served at the naval base,
and his mother had a job as a cashier at a woman's
department store. Drifter, then 8, stayed home alone a lot.
He had few friends. Always something of an outcast,
Drifter was bored. He had tired of reading and watching
TV. Computer games didn't thrill him anymore. He began
to feel an empty space growing inside him. Then Drifter
started hanging out at the beach. His parents strictly
forbade him to go there alone, but the water called to him,
kept his mind off his troubles. It filled the void inside him.


He loved to watch the waves roll in and the surfers...oh,

the surfers! Drifter watched them for hours on end, dream-

ing of the day when he too would be able to play in the surf.
Drifter's grandfather was a selkie. When the old

grump decided it was time for him to give up his skin, he

chose his grandson as his inheritor. He asked Ondine to

help him deliver the treasure to Drifter. When the time

came, Ondine guided the childling through it, teaching

him about himself and his new abilities. After awhile,

Drifter asked to move into the freehold where he could be

free to live as he had always dreamed. Ondine helped him

to break away gracefully from his parents, using her Glam-

our to ease their fears and to make them believe their son

was well and would be home to visit from time to time.

They chose to believe he was going away to a school for

children with special problems.

Court: Unseelie

 Rake/Wayfarer

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Selkie

Motley: Point Reyes

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Legacie:

Social: Charisma 4 (+2 vs. the opposite sex), Manipu-
lation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics (Swimming) 5, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Kenning 2

Skills: Leadership 2, Melee 1

Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3,
Science 2

Arts: Legerdemain 2, Primal 2

Realms: Fae 1, Nature 2, Prop 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Gremayre 2, Mentor 4
Glamour: 7

Banality: 5

Willpower: 4

Treasures: Despite Ondine's protests, Thessalin gave
Driftera knife carved out of sharp coral. Especially strong,
it has a razor-sharp edge. He carved its sheath out of the
same coral with the scene of a surfer riding inside a giant
wave.

Image: Drifter's taste in clothes follows current surfer
fashion. He usually wears loose-fitting swim trunks and a
tank top advertising board wax or some other product
associated with surfing. Aroundoneleg, hesportsabrightly
colored, woven anklet.

Drifter's thick brown curls glisten with drops of dewy
wetness that match the sparkle in his brown eyes. The

roundness of his face makes him seem forever cheerful, and
he is always ready with a smile.

Roleplaying Hints: Above all else, you love the
ocean. Ondine and the other selkies have given you the
opportunity to play there anytime you like. This makes you
happier than you have ever been. Also, you finally have
friends, good friends, who like you and will play with you.

(Douecte

A lovely wilder selkie, Mouette has lived in the Point
Reyes freehold for nearly six years. She takes care of the
childlings who live there, entertaining them and making
sure they remain safe. She teaches them to find the best
seashells, string necklaces and carve coral. The childlings
would forget to eat and sleep at the right times ifshe didn't
prepare their meals and force them to a schedule.
Mouette came to the Point Reyes freehold with her
brother when she was 21. Her awakening came somewhat
abruptly and under tragic circumstances. Mouette had been
married for a year to a cold and angry man. She had a
promising future as an actress, and her husband served as her

manager. He pushed her career, his sights on the dollar signs
that would follow her success. When he found out she was
pregnant, her husband was furious. Then, when she refused
tohave an abortion, he became violent. He kicked herin the

stated. As
soon as they let her out of the hospital, she walked down to
the beach with the intention of killing herself.

stomach, and Mouette lost the baby. She was de

Fortunately for her, Morse, her brother followed her.
Mouette dove out into the waves and down, down, down,
trying to get as deep as she could before she changed her
mind. Morse dove in after her. Both of them nearly

Chapzer Six: The Gallain and Prodigal


drowned, but as the tide pushed them further out to sea,
they were rescued by a group of selkies swimming among
the waves in their seal seemings.

Both Morse and Mouette were kinain. They had
already been targeted as recipients for a pair of skins that
had just been retrieved from a motley of Unseelie in
northern Mexico. For weeks before Mouette's suicide
attempt, Ondine had kept the two under surveillance.

Aselkie alert was passed up the coast to the freehold
when Mouette and Morse were saved. Ondine herself
responded. When she found the two beautiful kinain on
the beach, her heart went out to them. They had seaweed
in their hairand their clothes cling werly ta their bodies
Thay lay, ameonscios, in cachiathadsanns.

Ondine approached them carefully with the help of
Thessalin and wrapped them in the skins. They instantly
changed, becoming selkies. The four of them talked for
hours on the beach. Mouette told them what she had been
through, and Ondine offered them both a place in her
freehold. Mouette accepted immediately and convinced
Morse to come with her.

Mouette loves children more than anything. She
deeply misses her lost baby and the lifestyle she would have
had if it had been born. To compensate, she surrounds
herself with the childlings of the freehold ,and they all love
her dearly:

Mouette harbors bitter jealousy toward Simon (see
below). Her child would have been the same age as his. It
tears her up whenever he returns from a visit with his
daughter, the excitement bubbling inside him. She can't
listen to his stories, which he tells repeatedly, of the cute
things she does and says. It's not easy for Simon either. Her
pain always takes the edge off his exhilaration. Simon sees
it in her eyes and her avoidance of him whenever he has
recently returned.

Court: Seelie

Orchid/Wretch

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Selkie

Motley: Point Reyes

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Legaci

Social;
tion 2, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 4, Expression 2,
Instruction 4, Kenning 3, Seduction 1

Skills: Crafts 3, Leadership 3

Knowledges: Mythlore 3

Arts: Primal 5, Soothsay 3

Charisma 4 (+2 vs. opposite sex), Manipula-

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on the hun

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2, Nature 3, Prop 4, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Gremayre 3, Mentor 4
Glamour: 8
Banality: 6
Willpower: 6

Treasures: Mouette carries with her a whistle that
Thessalin carved for her out of rock. Imbued with a point
of Glamour, anyone in the freehold will hear it when
Mouette blows it. She would use it if she and the children
ever found trouble while away from the freehold.

Image: Mouette wears a veil of sadness upon her
delicate, rounded face. Hersmileshave a wistful air through
which only the most charming childling can break. She
dresses in straight plain clothes, hiding her soft, voluptuous
body beneath heavy shifts and drab colors. Her hair has a
blue tint to its blackness that reminds one of the deepest
depths of the ocean. The rich purple of her eyes is given
intensity by the tiny black waves that swirl through it.

Roleplaying Hints: That day on the beach when you
became a selkie was both the happiest and the saddest day
of your life. You realized that your life had to go on without
your child. A whole new door was opening even as an ugly
old one was closing. You felt that here was an opportunity
you didn't really deserve, a chance to start over again. You
love the childlings you work with and would give your life
for them. For that matter, you love all the other selkies as
well, even Simon, although you wish he would shut up
about his darling, precious little girl.

CDorse

Morse had suspected his sister would try something
foolish once she was released from the hospital. Of course,
he thought it would be to kill her husband. He never
considered that she might try to kill herself.

Morse jumped in after her that night on the beach.
The sea's darkness made it impossible to find her, but he
wouldn't give up. His lungs burned with the effort, and
more than once he swallowed water. When at last he had
given up, he found that he no longer had the strength to
swim back. The sea took him in.

Like a flash of light it came; the sea lifted him up, and
he took a deep breath of air. Floating next to him, he saw
Mouette and, to his surprise, a seal. Mouette was uncon-
scious and, in his delirium, he could have sworn the seal
was supporting her. Then Morse too lost consciousness.

Morse awoke on the beach with Mouette in his arms
and that is how Ondine and Thessalin found them. Morse
er's acceptance of their situation alarming.
He instinctively trusted Ondine, but he was reticent to
throwaway hisentire life, a good job in computer program-

found his


ming, his apartment, everything, just to go and be with
them. He realized that he was no longer the same person,
but a part of him didn't want to move on. Mouette finally
convinced him.

Morse has a charming, fun-loving personality, but he
is prone to fits of depression that can last for days. Older
than his sister, he feels responsible for her and carries a
profound guilt at her loss. It tears him up that he cannot
find a solution to her sadness. He should have helped her
get away from that man long before anything so tragic
could happen.

Morse has idea after idea for changes to the freehold.
He wants to bring it into the twentieth century. Having
studied and worked with computers all his life, Morse
misses them greatly. He has been chipping away at Ondine
to allow him to set up a computer in the freehold. So far,
Ondine has resisted. She fears the Banality that the
machine will bring, despite Morse's reassurances to the
contrary.

Court: Seelie
Srafter/Rake

3: Wilder
Kith: Selkie
Motley: Point Reyes
Physical:
Social: Charisma 3 (+2 vs. opposite sex), Manipula-
tion 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics (Swimming) 5, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Kenning 2
Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 2, Leadership 3, Melee 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 2

trength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Knowledges: Computer 4, Linguistics (French) 1,
Medicine 1, Science 3

Arts: Primal 4

Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Prop 5, Scene 1
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Gremayre 3, Mentor 4
Glamour: 9

Banality: 5

Willpower: 4

Treasure: Morse has one of the Seaweed Garrotes
that the selkies carry (see Thessalin, Treasures, pg. 30).

Image: Morse still wears linen trousers and button-
down shirts overa white T-shirt in the style he used to wear
to work. He bears an uncanny resemblance to his sister,
thesameskin, hairandeye color. Morse loves hisseal form.
He uses it to seduce selkie women, snuggling up to them
and tickling them with his whiskers. He also plays with the
selkie childlings in his seal form. They run away from him
down the beach, giggling as he pokes them with his nose
in their own special game of Tag.

Roleplaying Hints: You have few regrets about leav-
ing your old lifestyle behind. You love the new freedom
you have acquired. You do believe, however, that you
could improve the lives of the other selkies if Ondine
would only let you bringa computer into the freehold. You
don't see computers in the same way she does. Computers
don't breed Banality, they educate and enrich and link
people with other people. You know that you could truly
benefit the selkies — if only Ondine would let you.

You feel terrible about your sister. You had always
been her protector and felt particularly jealous when she
married an overbearing husband. You were cut out of her
life. You suspect that is why you never took any action to
help her. Her rejection caused you to react somewhat
vindictively when you knew she needed you. At the time,
you told yourself that she had asked for it. After all, she
hadn't listened to your warnings.

These feelings horrify you even though you can't
seem to stop them. The guilt you carry comes from this.
Now, you try not to resent her sadness, helping her in any
way you can.

Simon

Growing up in Charleston, South Carolina, Simon
led a relatively normal life. He married right after high
school and began work in the offshore construction busi-
ness. By the age of 20, Simon had a daughter, Stephanie,
and a drinking problem. His wife divorced him, and his
boss fired him. Simon started on a long downhill slide. Job
after job, Simon messed up and got fired. He did more one-
night stands than he could count. Then, early one morning

Chapcer Six: The Gallain and Prodigal


after an all-night drinking binge, Simon walked down to
the beach and passed out. He woke up in the county jail.
They cleaned him up and started him on rehabilitation.
Simon swore off alcohol and began attending support
group meetings.

Before long, Simon's health improved. He earned
Employee-of-the-Month at the local restaurant where he
waited tables. He even visited his daughter. Then he got
the news. His ex-wife was moving to San Francisco with
her new boyfriend. She would, of course, be taking
Stephanie with her. Simon experienced a severe setback.
He got drunker than he had ever been.

That night, Simon meta kindly old man seated at the
bar. The old man had the most compassionate smile and
eyes that Simon had ever seen. He ended up pouring his
heart out to the old man, telling him things and feelings he
had never expressed to anyone. The old man listened,
then suggested they walk down to the beach for some fresh
ait, It was a‘chilly night, and soon Simon was shivering,

The old man offered Simon his coat. Simon refused,
but the old man insisted. Then, just as Simon had given in
and was reaching for the coat, the old man held back.

"Young man," the fellow stated, "if give you my coat,
you have to promise me one thing."

"What?" Simon asked, intrigued by the old man's
sudden seriousness.

"You must promise me that you will smile and be happy."

Simon hesitated, unsure. Then, "Yeah. Okay, ol'
buddy. Whatever you say."

The old man gave Simon his coat and upon slipping
into it, Simon became Kithain. Later, he learned that the
old man, aselkie grump, had been looking fora worthy heir

to his skin. He had found it in Simon. Simon spent the
next few months at the selkie freehold in Charleston
learning about his new self.

After his
to live in the Point Reyes freehold. He wanted to be near
his daughter. Of course, Ondine approved.

wife moved, Simon asked to be allowed

Stephanie has just turned six and Simon keeps a close
eye on her. He visits her on a regular basis, at least once or
twice a week. The rest of the time he devotes to the
childlings in the freehold, working closely with Mouette.

Simon's smooth southern accent could charm the
sweat off a hog. He adores country music, and he plays the
guitar. Simon fancies himself something of a songwriter
Ikies with his ballads
and knee-slapping tunes. Simon embraces the culture in

and enriches the lives of the other

which he was raised. Even in his selkie guise, Simon seems

Legacies: Troubadour/Wretch

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Selkie

Motley: Point Reyes

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4 (+2 vs. the opposite sex), Manipu-
lation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics (Swimming) 5, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Expression 4, Intimidation 3,
Kenning 3, Seduction 3

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 2, Leadership 4, Melee 1,
Performance 4 (guitar), Survival 4

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Medicine 1

Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 3, Primal 2
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Prop 4, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 2, Mentor 2,
Resources |

Glamour: 7

Banality: 6

Willpower: 7

Treasure: Like most of the selkie wilders of Point
Reyes, Simon has a Seaweed Garrote (see Thessalin,
Treasure, pg. 80).

Image: Simon loves his country western image. His
cowboy hat, blue jeans and plaid shirts seem totally out of
place with his selkie seeming. He keeps his hair pulled
back in a long braid, and his eyes are a deep blue. Simon
can be excruciatingly polite, the true gentleman. He

always allows women to pass before him and he stands


when a woman enters the room. The only time he doesn't

wear his hat is when he is at the dinner table.
Roleplaying Hint:

song. You loved her, she left you; you became a drunk, and

ife to you is a country western

now you're a faerie. Well, it's not exactly your typical
country song. You just want to do right by your daughter.
She needs her daddy and you need her. You love her more
than life. You have petitioned Ondine for askin for her, but
Ondine says that you have to wait until she is a little bit
older. While you're waiting for her to grow, you surround
yourself with the childlings of the freehold. Your selkie
nature is a miracle to you, and you want theirs to be also.
You work closely with Mouette, even though she
cramps your style. You find yourself regularly biting your
lip on proud, fatherly comments because you know they
hurt Mouette. You feel bad for her loss, but why doe:
have to rain on your parade too? You just want to smil
be happy!

Oauncain

Four Dauntain have recently arrived in Hilo. Preda-
tors among the fae, they have come looking for a victim.
Immediately, they insinuated themselves into Yrtalien's
court, hiding their true forms. These Dauntain hate their
own faerie natures and believe they offersalvation, through
death or Banality, to other afflicted fae.

have been provided for each of these

er, Storytellers possessing The Autumn

People may wish to flesh out these Dauntain with the
appropriate powers and characteristics.

Cyprian ‘Chevalier' Ryder

Ryder came to Hawai'i ona mission, bound and deter-

mined to dispatch the motley of changelings who traveled
there from San Francisco. For more information on Ryder's
background, see Immortal Eyes: The Toybox, pg. 122.
Legaci avage/Paladin
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Dauntain (Sidhe)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
sion 1, Kenning 5, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3
Drive 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 1, Melee 4,
Security 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 3, Law 3,
Occult 1, Science |
Arts: Primal 3, Soothsay 1, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 4, Nature 2, Prop 1, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 2 (sword and armor), Contacts 5,
Resources 3, Treasure 5

Glamour: 9

Banality: 7

Willpower: 10

Treasure: Embedded in his left palm, Ryder has a
sapphire-colored gem. The gem reacts to Glamour. It
begins to glow and causes intense, burning pain to Ryder's
hand. The stone belongs toa legendary set of four. Itgives
Ryder an extra 2 dice in Kenning, but causes 1 level of
damage for each extra success beyond 5.

Image: To mortals, Ryder stands six anda half feet tall
and has a lithe, muscular build. High-strung, his every
movement is precise. He would be more attractive if he
didn't peoject an attitude of superiority toward everyone
he meets. His short and straight, black hair sweeps back
from his face. Ryder abhors showing his faerie self. His
arrogance turns menacing under Glamour. His features
become even more chiseled, with a powerful nose and
firm, pinched lips. His clear gray eyes peer out from under
thick eyebrows, framed by black lashes almost feminine in
their length and thickness.

Once a knight, Ryder w
of scarlet and gold and carri

rs shimmering scale armor
a long sword of chimeric
When in the company of
other fae, he keeps his left hand sheathed ina glove to hide

steel in a scabbard at his w:

its sapphire glow.

Roleplaying Hints: You find your own faerie nature
grotesque and insulting. You would happily live in Banal-
ity for the rest of your life if you didn't feel you had to take
some action to put the world right. You believe that you

Chapcer Six: The Gallam and Prodigal 85


mustdo your part to fight the evils of the world, even if you
die in the process. Without a second thought, you will kill
any other Glamour-touched creature who does not es-
pouse your ideals.

Signe Henderson

Signe used to write poetry before Ryder found herand
convinced her that her faerie soul was a curse, a cancer to
be hated. She became the first member of his "team."

s working family in Salem,
Massachusetts, Signe had no problems growing up. She

Born to a middle-

cruised through high school, neither excelling nor failing.
After graduation, she studied English at Boston University
for three years before dropping out to write her own book
of poetry. She used her tuition money to self-publish the
collection. When it didn't fare as well as she had hoped,

she had to hit the streets, peddling the book to passersby.
That is where Ryder found her.

Lega alist/Crafter
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Dauntain (Eshu)
Physical:

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Athletics 2, Empathy 4, Expression 3,
Kenning 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Melee 1
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3, Linguistics 2
(French, Spanish), Medicine 1, Politics 1
Arts: Soothsay 3
Realms: Fae 3, Prop 2
Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Resources |
Glamour: 7
Banality: 8
Willpower: 5
age: Signe has the smooth mahogany skin that
s if lit from within. Of mixed African and Gypsy
have golden highlights that hint
he keeps her hair short, a cap of tiny
curls clinging tightly to hersmall, round head. Her features
lean more toward her African lineage. Her nose lies flat
against her face, its small tip pointing up slightly. Her lips

heritage, her brown eye
at hidden depths.

have a full and sensual roundness and are her most expres-
lithe body is long
and slim. Although not an athlete, Signe has natural
agility and grace.

sive feature. Nearly six feet tall, Signe'

Under faerie sight, Signe's delicate features elongate,
giving her a royal demeanor unsuspected by mortals. Her
eyes darken until the pupil nearly disappears. She wears a

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on the bu

long, woven tunic of green and gold over loose pants of the

same material. Around her neck she wears a huge collar,
a spiraling spring of gold, that rests on her chest and
reaches up to press her chin up in defiance. Similarly styled

bracelets extend from wrist to elbow.

Oriana Blandel

The first girl to wear a bra among her playmates,
Diana has always been more physically advanced than the
other girls. She stood a full two feet over them. In her class
pictures, she was always the first to be placed —in the very
back. Her cl

kindly. In junior high, she had to learn to defend herself

mates called her "Wonder Woman," not

from the bullies that picked her out because of her differ-
ences. In high school, no one asked her to the prom. Diana
became anorexic during her senior year of high school,
believing on some level she could reduce her size by not
eating. She nearly died. Her parents checked her into a
psychiatric hospital where she received the treatment she
needed. Diana recovered, but her personal ghosts were
never entirely exorcised.

Not until college did Diana discover her faerie nature.
Itcame as quite a shock to her, and she experienced a severe
setback with her self-confidence. Despite her hatred for
what she was, she began to blossom physically. Her youthful
gangliness turned to healthy strength and beauty. Diana,
disgusted by her own form, turned to her studies as a means
of escape. She buried herself in her books, completing her
bachelor's and master's degrees within five years.

Diana studied and later taught anthropology at Bos-
ton University. Single-mindedly, she pursued knowledge
of how and why people acted the way they did. She delved


into cultural and racial differences, hoping to discover
some pattern or meaning in her own past. She didn't find
the answers, however, until she met Ryder. Over one
lunch conversation, he brought it all together for her. She

epted her curse and vowed to fight at his side against
the evil that had invaded her and many others throughout
the world. Herself-consciousness turned to fanatical anger
that had infected her, ruining her entire life.
Diana became one of the Dauntain.

at the diseas

Court: Dauntain
Fatalist/Orchid
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Dauntain (Troll)
Physi
Stamina 5

Legacie

Strength 6 (strong grip), Dexterity 4,
Socia isma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Kenning 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Leadership 2,
Melee 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 4, Investigation 2,
Law 2, Linguistics 2 (French, Japanese), Medicine 1,
Mythlore 2, Occult 2

Arts: Chicanery 1, Legerdemain 3

Realm ae 5

Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Resources 3

Glamour: 6

Banality: 7

Willpower: 6

Image: A blond Amazon of a woman, Diana stands
just over six feet tall in mortal form. Her Scandinavian
features reflect the strength and ruggedness of her anc
tors. Wide and symmetrical, her lipsare her most attractive
feature. Their gentle curve adds softness to her otherwise
harsh features and expresses her inner vulnerability. Even
her eyes, a slate blue, seem to pierce their target.

Diana's faerie form could intimidate a room full of
redcaps. She seems to grow several inches in height and
her body bulks up. $
supple leather body suit, sleeveless to reveal the powerful

.¢ wears chimeric steel armor over a
muscles in her arms. Her most hated feature is a pair of
horns protruding from her forehead. She views them as
proof thatshe has been tainted by the blood of demonspawn.

Juho Vargas (morcal)

Growing up in the dirty streets of Puerto Rico, Julio
Varg:
more murders and robberies than he could count. Ritual

aw many strange and disturbing events, including

sacrifices of more than just chickens occurred regularly.
He had watched as innocent children writhed and vom-
ited, fighting against the demons that possessed them. His
mother tried to protect him from it all, but in Puerto Rico,
there was no place to hide.

A devout Catholic, Vargas vowed to become a priest
when he grew up and to fight the perverse legions of evil
until his death. He would dedicate his life to exorcising the
vile beasts that take over mortal men and twist them to
their own ends.

Vargas had been studying at the Boston Seminary
when Ryder approached him. Ryder actively recruited
Vargas, recognizing in him the dedication and stamina he
needed ina member of his "team." He persuaded the young
Puerto Rican to abandon his vocation and take up the rod
and staff with him. Vargas had become somewhat fed up
with the tedious rituals of the Church, anxious to get his
hands dirty cleaning up the world. Ryder gave him the
opportunity.

Moreover, Ryder showed Vargas a new and greater
threat to the human race: changelings. Asa mortal, Vargas
could not see past the mortal guises of the changelings he
would be hunting. Ryder enchanted Vargas and forced
him to look upon Ryder's own horrific faerie form. Then,
Ryder fell on his knees in a confessional pose to repent for
exposing his own evil. Vargas joined with the poor blighted
soul in seeking out and destroying other fae.
Legacies: Outlaw/Paladin
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Dauntain (Mortal)

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

apcer Six: The Gallain and Prodigal


Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertnes
Streetwise 2

2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Expression 1,

Skills: Boating 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2,
Performance | (guitar)
Knowledges: Law 5 (Catholic Church), Linguistics 2
(Latin, Spanish), Medicine 2, Occult 3
Arts: None
Realms: None
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Mentor 3, Resources 1
Glamour: 0
Banality: 9
Willpower: 8

Image: Vargas wears black turtle necks and pants, remi-
niscent of a priest's uniform. He has neglected his hair
somewhat and it curls sloppily over his ears and around the
collar of his shirt. He greases it back in the front and on the
sides, but the edges don't remain in place for long. He has a
dark Latino coloring, accentuated by brown eyes and thin,

shapely eyebrows. Small and wiry, Vargas seems like he would

break easily. Even his face exudes fragility, his skin loosely
covering the delicate bones. Despite outward appearances,
however, Vargas has a lining of steel inside. His years in the
street taught him to be tough, and his faith bolsters him.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the hand of God. He has
chosen you to fight this evil that is damning mortal souls
to Hell. This isn't going to be easy and you know it, but
what greater cause is there than this? All your life you have
dreamed of being the Lord's instrument against true evil.
You don't want to sit and listen to the suburban sins of
men. You want to fight real demons.

TheDrodigal

The statistics provided for each of the following
chracters assume that the Storyteller has access to the
appropriate Storyteller book: Vampire, Mage, Werewolf
or Wraith. If you do not have ac
rules for assigning Changeling attributes to these antago-

nists can be found in Changeling: The Dreaming pg. 268-9.

Vampires
CDaia

A native Hawai'ian, Me

to the necessary book,

was embraced in 1959 by
Lars Thorwald when Lars was visiting the islands. Lars had
booked passage on a ship from Hong Kong, here he still
lives. A Gangrel with an intense interest in faeries, Lars
Menehune. Although
he never found them, he did find Ma'ia. Her native beauty
andanimal-like gr

At first,

She insisted that she had been possessed by a demon. Lars

had gone in s

and strength captured his attention.
Ma'ia reacted badly to her transformation.

took a little more time with her than he would have with
any other progeny and taught her what she needed to
know. Still, Maia was ashamed and frightened of it all. She
raged several times before gaining control of herself. Lars
was fascinated by the young native woman. He offered to
take her back to Hong Kong with him, but she refused.

Once Lars had left, Ma'ia chose to move to Kaua'i as
a self-imposed exile. On Kaua'i, the rain forest has been
least affected by encroaching civilization, and Ma'ia could
live in the forest without fear of discovery.

Because she had lived so closely with nature before
she was embraced, Ma'ia has become especially animal-
like. She roams the forest in the nude, subsisting on
animals and lone mortals.

On the rare occasion that she does venture into the
city of Hilo where she was born and raised, it is to visit her
mother, an ailing octogenarian. She disguises herself and
sneaks into the nursing home to sit at her mother's bedside
for entire evenings.

Clan: Gangrel

Genera 10th

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Loner

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,

Empathy 4, Intimidation 3


Skills: Animal Ken 5, Melee 3, Stealth 5, Survival 5,
Painting (cave paintings) 4
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Hawai'i) 5, Linguistics
(Hawai'ian) 1, Medicine 2
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 3, Fortitude 3, Po-
tence 2, Protean 4
Backgrounds: Generation 3, Mentor 3
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 6
Banality: 4

Image: Ma'ia's petite stature hides her strength and
dexterity. A native Hawai'ian, with dark hair and golden
skin, she carries herself with the grace of her people. Her
animal features have become exaggerated: her ears pointed
and her lower and upper jaw extended. Her eyes have a
feral look to them, shadowed beneath her bushy eyebrows,
and her full lips pull back to reveal sharp, elongated teeth.
Only when she goes into the city does Ma'ia wear clothing.
Then, despite the tropical heat, she covers herself from
neck to wrists to ankles in light gauzy pantsuits that hide
the extra hair on her arms and le;

ven after all these years, you

Roleplaying Hint:
don't quite know what to do with yourself. At night, you
roam the forest, seeking animals for your sustenance. You
would prefer not to feast on mortals, although sometimes
you just can't help yourself. You distance yourself from the
bright lights and tempting blood of mortal cities, preferring
the sanctuary of the wild. Your aging mother is the only
thing left to coax you from your exile. You visit her at least
once a week, sneaking in at night and staying until dawn.

(Werewolves
Escetla Smich (Nighc-Sky)

In the depths of the rain forest on Kaua'i there lives a
tribe of Black Furies dedicated to the conservation of
Hawai'i's natural resources. They are said to be behind the
closing of the Dole pineapple empire on Lana'i and battle
against the overall trend toward tourism as the primary
industry of the islands.

Night-Sky, so named for the tiny dots of white that
freckle her otherwise black coat, leads the tribe. She works
in Homid form at the Haleakala National Park and the
Kanepu'u Preserve on Maui and on the Kamokau Preserve
on Kaho'olawe, alongside human biologists and zoolo-
gists, in an attempt to protect the many endangered
animal and plant species that live there.

Night-Sky grew up knowing her Garou nature, but she
also knew that in order to get anywhere in the world, she
would have to educate herself. She earned her doctorate at
Colorado State in Forestry and Zoology. Upon graduation,
she felt lost, not knowing where to go. Her human parents
gave her an all-expenses-paid trip to Hawai'i as her gradua-
tion presentand that wasall she wrote. Assoonas Night-Sky
saw the abuse of nature upon the islands, she had her cause.
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Black Furies
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Primal Urge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 5, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2,
Leadership 4, Repair 1, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Medicine 2,
Politics 2, Rituals 2, Science 5 (Biology)

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Pure Breed 2, Rites 1

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Persuasion, Sense Wyrm,
Truth of Gaia; (2) Curse of Aeolus, Jam Technology, King
of the Beasts, Strength of Purpose; (3) Reshape Object,
Wisdom of the Ancient Ways

Rank: 3

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7

Banality: 5

Rites: Gathering for the Departed, Moot Rite, Rite of
Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Opened Caern,
Rite of Ostracism, Rite of Passage

Fetishes: Harmony Flute

Chapzer Six: The Gallamn and Drodigal


Image: In Homid form, Estella's long black hair is
prematurely showing streaks of white. She keeps it tied back
in a braid that hangs to the middle of her back. Her skin
maintains its tan all year round where it shows outside her
cut-offs and short-sleeved T-shirts. Quick to smile, Estella's
features are well-sculpted and animated, with high cheek-
bones, a high forehead and expressive brown eyes.

In Lupus form, her fur shines, healthy and clean. Her
eyes are bright and lively, looking down a long, graceful
snout. The white spots in her fur, those that contributed
to her name, are small and numerous. They do indeed
resemble the night sky.

Roleplaying Hints: Your practical nature keeps you
at the head of the class, both with your own moot and with
the humans you work with at the game parks. You step in
and take charge with ease. You feel you have every right,
especially considering everything that you have accom-
plished on the islands. You are a very busy Garou, and you
make sure everyone who wants to interrupt you knows it.

CDages

Suan Cheng

Suan (pronounced Shawn) Cheng practices the art of
Do in Hilo. He established his chantry in the Hongwanji
Temple, an old Buddhist temple originally built in 1889.
Suan bought the building several years ago when the
Buddhists decided, with a little subtle encouragement,
they had had enough of tourists. They sold the temple and
moved to China.

Immoreal Cyes: Shadows on the hut

Suan and six other Akashic Brothers live full-time in
the temple. They have found the relaxed atmosphere in
Hawai'i conducive to their meditation and eventual en-
lightenment. They live in monastic simplicity, practicing
their arts in serenity behind the temple's walls.

Originally from San Francisco, China Town, a martial
arts instructor recognized Suan's potential and encouraged
him to pursue Jujitsu. Suan didn't need much encourage-
ment. Suan Awakened under the tutelage of the instructor.
Before long, natural leadership qualities helped him to
openadojoofhisown. Overtime, he scouted for Sleepersand
mages who would be worthy members of his chantry. Even-
tually, there notherswith him, and Suanannounced
his plan to move to Hawai'i. Only one refused to go.
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Judge
Essence: Dynamic
Tradition: Akas|
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

ic Brotherhood

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Expression 2, Intuition 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Leadership 4, Meditation 5, Melee 3,
Stealth 4

Knowledges: Cosmology 3, Culture 2, Enigmas 2, Inves-
tigation 1, Linguistics 1 (Chinese), Medicine 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arcane 4, Avatar 4, Dream 3,
Mentor 3, Node 2


Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 2, Life 2, Mind 3,
Prime 2
Willpower: 8
Arete: 5
Quintessence: 3
Banality: 7
Image: Suan stands only five and a half feet tall, but
his presence is felt as soon as he enters a room. He does
everything slowly and thoughtfully. His round face, with
its wide nose and slanted brown eyes, seems cheerfully
caricatured even when he is frowning. Suan's clothing
tends toward the comfortable and usually includes loose-
fitting drawstring pants and a cotton tunic. He wears a
round, white cap on his head when he isn't working out.
Roleplaying Hints: You want to create a peaceful
place where others of your kind can reach for enlighten-
ment away from the hustle and bustle of the continent.
You speak only when necessary and never hurry. Yet,
you're never late. You know your other chantry members
look up to you for guidance, but you also know that they
must make their own way. Your form of guidance involves
answering their questions with another question.

Geraldine "Geri Cravicz

Before her Awakening, Geri taught Cultural Psychol-
ogy at the University of Maryland. Geri isa Dreamspeaker.
She came to Hawai'i many years ago, having been "called"
there by spirits that came to her in a dream. The spirits
called her their link to the outside, asking her to pass their
stories to others like her.

In her late 40s, Geri lives in a small bungalow on the
beach near Ma'alaea Bay on Maui. She makes regular treks
up into Haleakala National Park to commune with the
spirits there. She and Estella Smith have developed an
uneasy friendship as a result of their meetings there. Geri
can see Estella's Garou nature in her aura, but Estella
remains completely unaware of Geri'sspecial abilities. She
does know, however, that they have one important thing
in common: a desire to protect and preserve Gaia. Also
unknown to Estella, Geri had a hand in many of the
accomplishments Estella claims for herself, including the
closing of the Dole pineapple operation.

A bit of a crotchety old cuss, Geri makes few friends.
Her cynical nature has chased away more potential friends
than most people will acquire in a lifetime. Leading a
rather solitary life, she only goes out on the town once a
month to O'ahu to visit "Fairytales," a bar owned by a
fascinating woman named Nahome. Geri finds the tales
she tells inspirational.

Although she needs little to survive, Geri supple-
ments her income by telling the fortunes of the few special
clients who can put up with her abrasive manners. They

arrange appointments with her, and the night before, Geri

speaks with her spirits to discover what she can say about
the client's situation. On rare occasions, she has saved a
client's life or fortune.

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Dreamspeakers

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 5, Dodge 1, Expression 2,
Intuition 5, Intimidation 2

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 1, Meditation 4, Research 4,
Technology 1

Knowledges: Computer 2, Cosmology 5, Culture 5, Enig-
mas 4, Investigation 1, Law 2, Medicine 2, Occult 5
Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Avatar 4, Destiny 5, Dream 5,
Library 3, Node 4, Talisman 3

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Forces 2, Life 4, Mind 3,
Prime 2, Spirit 5

Willpower: 7

Arete: 8

Quintessence: 5

Banality: 4


Geri's round, squat body doesn't look very
good in anything she wears, but she prefers khaki shorts
and safari shirts when she's out in the woods and colorful
muumuus when she is at home. She dresses up on her
monthly ventures to "Fairytales," pulling on a pair of dress
pants and a plain blue or green silk tunic. She keeps her
hair short, albeit uncombed most of the time. It curls in
uneven locks around her double chins.

Geri's mouth puckers like a whirlpool drawing the
rest of her face toward it. Her cheeks are rounded and
defined, despite the overall pudginess of her features. Her
eyes peer out, two small, dark dots lost ina sea of pink flesh.

Roleplaying Hints: You really don't have time for pleas-
antries. You tell itlike itis, and ifithurtssomeone else's feelings,
well then they are too sensitive. When you're ready to go, go.
When you're ready to eat, eat. You think that's the way
everyone should be, and you're rarely offended by other peoples'
directness. You do admire those who work to save Gaia in any
way, shape or form. Nothingever surprises you. Youknow about
all the other progeny in the world, gaining most of your
knowledge from the spirits to whom youspeak on aregularbasis.

(Uraiths

Ruch Anne Geldszein

In 1975, Ruth Anne's father divorced his wife to marry
the woman with whom he had been having an affair. He
immediately moved his new wife and his daughter to Hawai'i.
This devastated Ruth Anne's mother, who proceeded to kill
herself ina warm bath of her own blood. They never told Ruth
Anne, then 10 years old, the truth about her mother's death,
but Ruth Anne knew and grew to hate her new stepmother.

Ruth Anne began a long stretch of rebelliousness
aimed at her stepmother. She did the most heinous things
she could think of to torment the woman she blamed for
her mother's death. Her father sent her to therapy, to no
avail, and he eventually threatened to send her away.
ately, a change came over Ruth Anne, an out-
ward change. She treated her stepmother with respect and
kindness. They went shopping together. Ruth Anne's father
couldn't have been happier. But Ruth Anne had a plan.

In the guise of a picnic, Ruth Anne coaxed her
stepmother to the edge of a cliff high above the crashing
waves of the Pacific. Sharp rocks rose up like teeth from
the seething water. Ruth Anne intended to push her
stepmother over the edge. She set it up, luring the woman
into position. Unfortunately, things didn't quite turn out
as she had planned. The stepmother had her own ideas of
who should die. Ruth Anne found herself flying over the
edge before she knew what had hit her.

Imme

Immoreal Cyes: Shadows on the hut

Fortunately for Ruth Anne, a kindly, rather powerful
wraith reaped her before anything more ugly could get to her.
This wraith, Robert Morton, took her under his wing and taught
her what she needed to know to survive in the Shadowlands.
Ruth Anne roams the island of O'ahu where she died.
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Child
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 2, Brawl 1,
Dodge 2, Expression 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 3, Performance 2 (Voice), Stealth 4
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (O'ahu), Enigmas 3, Lin-
guistics 1 (Hawai'ian), Politics 1, Science 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 1 (Pele), Eidolon 3, Haunt 5,
Mentor |
Passions: Commit acts her stepmother would have disap-
proved of (Rebellion) 4, Interfere with other
mother-daughter relationships (Jealousy) 3, Packrat items
that she likes (Greed) 3
Arcanos: Embody 5, Inhabit 1, Keening 1, Outrage 2
Fetters: Red leather purse 5; Cliffs 3, Photograph of her
mother 2
Willpower: 7
Pathos: 6
Banality: 7
Shadow: Martyr
Angst: 6


Thorns: Death's Sigil (Sea water drips from her), Shadow

Trait (Manipulation)
Shadow Passions: Risk danger (Apathy) 4, Speak her
y opportunity (Rebellion) 2, Manipulate

ity)

Image: Ruth Anne's blond pigtails, blue eyes and
cherubic face mask the rage boiling inside her. She wears
nd bows in her hair, always in the same style,
although the color of the material changes at her whim.
nst her white bobby
socks with the lace at the top. Ruth Anne
water wherever she goes and on everything she touches. It
drips from the ends of her pigtails and the hem of her dress.

atrail ofsea

Roleplaying Hints: You persevere on the physical
world, watching and waiting for the opportunity to interfere.
You can't stand to see a mother and daughter having fun
together. Watch and wait, then pull the rug out from under
them or cause them to sit in dog doo-doo or spill their grape
juice on their new white dresses. Rebel against any direct
order given you by other wraiths. Go where you've been told
not to go. No one can tell you what to do. They're not your
mother. Use your little girl wiles to gain protectors who will
save you if you tick off the wrong person.

Roderc CDorton

General Robert Morton is listed among the casualties at
Pearl Harbor. Only months away from retirement, General
Morton hid in the wrong building at the wrong time. He had
watched his fellow marines run to their stations, manning
guns and helping the wounded. His only goal had been to
survive. His cowardly act has haunted him ever since.

Robert slipped into the Shadowlands amidst a crowd
of others. His caul was lifted by a slaver, but before he could
be chained, he managed to slink into hiding under the
cover of the general confusion.

Robert found Ruth Anne, soon after her death, wander-
ing lost and afraid on the Hawai'ian coastline. She reminded
him of his own daughter and so he took her under his wing.
Robert's military background gave him the leadership skills to
become a powerful figure in the area, and he uses that position
to pull Ruth Anne out of the fires she builds for herself.
Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Director
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 4, Melee 3, Repair 2,
Stealth 2, Boating 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Investigation 2, Law 5 (Mili-
tary), Linguistics | (German), Medicine 1, Military Science 5,
Politics 3, Science 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Artifact (pistol) 4, Contacts 3,
Eidolon 4, Haunt 3, Memoriam 4, Wealth 2
Passions: Protect the innocent (Hope) 5, Aid the U.S.
military (Loyalty) 3, Persecute the guilty (Revenge) 2
Arcanos: Argos 3, Castigate 2, Outrage 5, Phantasm 1
Fetters: Uniform 5, Military base at Pearl Harbor 3,
Metals 2
Willpower: 9
Pathos: 5
Banality: 8
Shadow: Perfectionist
Angst: 5
Thorns: Trick of the Light, Freudian Slip
Shadow Passions: Enforce your orders (Pride) 5, Kill the
enemy (Loyalty) 5

Image: The general carries himself like a tried-and-
true military man. Tall and strong, he still wears his
uniform still, its brass, gold and silver medals shining upon
his breast. His eyes have a haunted look, their white-blue
irises sharp and cold. Robert does not look his age, 48. A
dusting of gray at the temples marks his otherwise black
hair, and the lines around his stern mouth seem to be more
a product of heavy decisions than aging.

Roleplaying Hints: You take charge of every situa-
tion. Little Ruth Anne gives you fits with the scrapes she
gets into, but you would do anything to protect her. You
talk too loudly and gruffly. Despite knowing better, you
still harbor a deep prejudice against the Japanese.



"Somewhere like a scene from a memory
There's a picture worth a thousand words
Eluding stares from faces before me

It hides away and will never be heard of again
Deceit is the second without end."

— Dream Theater, "Metropolis — Part I"

The following three stories are designed to be used in
the Immortal Eyes: Shadows on the Hill storyline in
Hawai'i. They allow the characters to travel some of the
same roads that the companions did in the novel, Shadows
on the Hill, while not directly affecting the storyline or
mimicking the actions of Leigh and her companions. Each
story is written to be played by a certain archetypal group
of kith (Seelie, Unseelie or the heroes), but are open-ended
enough toallow the pl.

ers to play any character type with

minimum modifications to the storyline itself.

The three stories are nonlinear, and while they can be
played in sequence, they also can be used as introductions
to the setting, as chronicles ot as side trips for an estab-

lished troupe. The first story, "Echoes of Legend" is a side

adventure in which the players have the opportunity to

gh and her legendary companions (though any

rs new to Hawai'i may be substituted) amidst the
Hawai'ian fae — the Menehune. It allows the characters
todiscover more legends surrounding these strange change-
lings and is a more light-hearted adventure. The second,
"Welcome to the Jungle," is an introductory story to the
Shadow Court activities on the main island in the city of
Hilo. Itis designed fora group of Seelie characters who are
in Hawai'i either on vacation, as members of the Seelie
Court in Oahu, or for some other reason the Storyteller
can come up with. The story involvesa sequence of events


that eventually bring the characters to Lord Yrtalien's
freehold, into the very heart of the Shadow Court itself. It
does not fully explain any motivations or full personalities
ofany of the major players in the Shadow Court, but rather
sets the scene for further explorations. It allows the char-
acters to explore their own reactions to the discovery of
the full-blown Shadow Court, without discovering any of
the intimate details of Lord Yrtalien's plans. The third
story, "Reflections of the Mirror," is about deceit and
backstabbing. This story works best with a group of Unseelie
characters within Yrtalien's court; however, Seelie char-
acterscould be substituted with only marginal modifications
to the story. During this story the characters are ap-

proached by Glynnis who seeks their aid to retrieve a book

from Yrtalien's library. This adventure allows the charac-
ters to fully participate in the Shadow Court's darker side
and provides direct interaction with many of the main
characters in the court.

‘Cchoes of Legend'

"Every man's life is a fairy tale, written by God's
fingers.

— Hans Christian Anderson

"Echoes of Legend" is short adventure delving into
the life and legends of the Menehune. This story is
designed for Leigh and her companions, but any group of
Kithain who may have a reason to interact with the
Menehune would work just as well. The Storyteller will
have to arrange for the characters to become acquainted
with the Menehune. It is an introductory adventure,
designed for the players to explore the game and to become
more comfortable with their characters, but it also allows
the characters to explore the Glamour of the hidden
grottos in the Menehune island.

The Storyteller should take care to read over the
Menehune section of the book before playing and to inform
the players of any important customs their characters would
have been introduced to. The characters should be ac-
quainted with the chief, Makani; his daughter Lulani; and
the loremaster, Hamaia. Other Menehune may be intro-
duced at the Storyteller's option. Regardless, the characters
must be on good terms with at least these Menehune before
the adventure can begin. If the players are not playing the
companions, the Storyteller may wish to create another
introductory story, introducing the characters to the
Menehune an then proceeding with this story.

This is a light-hearted adventure, and the Storyteller
should make sure that the tone stays this way. It centers
around the retrieval of the legendary wedding bands of
chief Kaiau and the nymph Kaliandrana. The rings were


bestowed upon the pair by the dragon goddess Pele.

are made of plain white coral with pink coral des

one ring for the male and one for the female. Each band
allows the wearer to automatically know the location of
her lovemate, as well as the lovemate's emotional condi-
tion. These rings are legendary; the loremaster knows of
them, but not of their actual whereabouts.

The characters should not find the rings until the very
end of the story, allowing them an opportunity to explore
the area and become relaxed in the beautiful tropical
setting. The hunt for the rings should be the calm before
the storm. The Storyteller should also emphasize the fact
that these rings are a part of the Menehune's tradition and
legend, and unless the Storyteller wishes otherwise, the
rings should be returned to the Menehune.

Theme and CDood

"Echoes of Legend" is intended to be light hearted
and childlike in tone. A "sense 0' wonder" should be
evident throughout the adventure. The story should be
full of fun and adventure, not burdened by time con-
straints or any real danger. If the characters wish to wander
around the grotto and explore the jungles — let them. If
they w
make some up.

h to hear more stories from Hamaia or Kakui,

Don't be afraid to stray from the exact text of the
story. Ifthe characters start to get frustrated, possibly allow
the woodland dryad, Kukui, to drop a few rhymes here and
there to push them in the right direction. Allow them to
use the Soothsay arts to their full advantage. This should
be a magical adventure, not a desperate quest.

Background

The story takes place after Leigh and her companions
arrive in the village of the Hidden Treasure and havi

passed Makani's trial, declaring them honored guests. The
companions have been given their own house and have
been offered a place among the Menehune as visitors. The
companions have taken this time to explore; Valmont
sharing stories with Hamaia, Tor is watching over his
young granddaughter as she joins other Menehune creat-
ing leis, and Leigh is learning the customs and foods of this
culture.

If your players opt not play the heroes, this adventure
should take place after the characters have become firmly
They
akenly
stumbled upon the native changelings, or perhaps they

established as friends of the Menehune villager
could have possibly come to Hilo ona trod and m

were sent here to learn about the legends and tales of the
Menehune.

Scene One: Around the Scory

Poot

The characters have gathered to hear Hamaia tell one
of the Menehune legends. They, as well as many of the
other Menehune, are seated around the small pool ina the
center of the grotto. The waterfall cascades down into a
crystal-clear pool; multicolored fish swim lazily in the
peaceful waters. Hamaia seats himself on an island in the
middle of the pool, dressed in the traditional garb of the
Menehune: loincloth, leis and flowered bracelets. The
grotto is still, save for the mus sounds of the waterfall
in accompaniment to his voice.

Hamaia begins tale of Kaiau, an ancient chief of the
Menehune: "Kaiau was a strong alii, one in whom the
mana was strong. He was respected for his swift justice
toward evil and his kindness toward those deserving. He
was a man of great virtue and of even greater love for his
people.

"One night, as Kaiau was wandering alone amidst one
of the many grottos of the island, he spied a maiden more
breathtaking than any he had ever seen. Uncertain as to
what she was, he watched her movements and actions,
estimating her prowess as a warrior and her nature. Now,
Kaiau had the interest of his people in mind, but soon he
grew entranced by her. For several nights he stole away to
that secret grotto to watch the mysterious woman. Finally,
one night when the moon was full and Glamour was
strong, she looked up at Kaiau and smiled. In that one
smile, he was lost.

"They met secretly for many nights; she learned of his
world, and he learned of hers. Her name was Kaliandrana;
she was one of the spirits tied with the Earth — a nymph
— and the grotto in which he had dis
home. He feared his people would not understand her or

-overed her was her

would fear her instead of accepting her as his mate. Many
months passed, and both found themselves ill without
each other. Kaiau would return to find her listless at night,
while he remained distracted by day. Kaiau finally decided
that he was ali'i, and his people must a
a bride. His decision made, Kaiau brought Kaliandrana
back to this very village. The people accepted her well
enough, though not without some reservation.

pt his choice of

"Several nights after the couple publicly declared
their affections, they awoke to see a beautiful young
woman with flaming red hair standing before them.
Kaliandrana immediately bowed, recognizing this as Pele.
She quickly instructed Kaiau to do the same. Pele be-
stowed a set of perfect coral rings on the couple, saying this


was the symbol of her blessing of this match. She told them
thatas long as they both wore the rings, they would never
truly be parted. The very next day they swore oaths to one
another upon this very mound." Hamaia gestures to the
mound he is seated upon.

Hamaia continues, his voice falling in sorrow, "The
goddess Pele required her sacrifice. The Menehune had
chosen a mortal — a young, beautiful maiden — to serve
that purpose. The young woman went to her death will-
ingly, but this did not appear to fully please Pele. The
mighty dragon showed her anger by loosing her fierc
flame over the Earth. In fear, the Menehune turned
against what they didn't know and drew their weapons

gainst Kaliandrana. Kaiau tried to protect her as best he
could as they both fled to her hidden grotto, but the
goddess' displeasure could be felt throughout the land.
Once within the safety of her grotto, Kaliandrana drew
upon her own mana to heal her beloved, closing the fatal
wounds on his body. However, when she tried to heal
herself she found she had not enough mana left —she died
in her lover's arms.

"Kaiau never returned to the people who shunned his
true love. The magical rings were never found, though
many have sought them."

The lorekeeper ends the story here, answering ques-
tions anyone may have. He reveals that the nymph's
grotto is supposedly close to Hidden Treasures, but no one
knows where for certain. He should insinuate that per-
haps, if one of the mysterious Gallain could be found, they
might have more information, adding that no one else has
seen anymph. He also goes on to say thatany who find and
return the rings would be much honored among the
Menehune.

The story arouses the adventurous spirit of many of
the young Menehune and it is decided by the villagers that
a hunt should be formed to find the rings. For doing so
would bring much pleasure to Pele, and would favor the
village for years to come. The younger Menehune become
very excited at the thought of a treasure hunt and entreat
the players to help them find these relics of legend. Be

reful not to give out too much information, but defi-

nitely enough to tantalize the characters and to pique their

curiosity. They should want to participate in this treasure
hunt.

Scene Two: The Dunc Begins

The decision having been made to seek out these
ancient items of legend, several of the younger Menehune
pull outcrude mapsand begin trying tolocate Kaliandrana's

grotto. A treasure hunt is called, and the village bustles

with the activity of those preparing for the hunt. Lulani
will declare a hunt's feast, or lu au, at the end of the day —
the guest of honor being those who locate the rings.

Gradually, the elder Menehune begin to catch the
spirit of excitement and whisper among themselves how
pleased Pele would be if they could return her rings to her.
If they have not already chosen to do so, they entreat the
characters to assist in finding such great Menehune relics,
offering the assurance that such a task should be simple for
great heroes such as themselves.

It is here that the Storyteller should bait the charac-
ters into going to look for the rings.

You can emphasize the name of the hidden glen
Hidden Treasures, or appeal to some players' more greedy
nature, offering a different prize for locating the rings.
Some of the younger Menehune children may tease the
outlanders, challenging them to try and find the treasure.
The focus on this scene should be the anticipation of and
excitement about the hunt. Pure fun is on the wind, and
it is catching. Alternatively, the Storyteller could decide
that the Menehune insist that the characters join the
treasure hunt before performing some favor they have
asked of them — they may even go so far as to insist that
they find the rings themselves. This would certainly change
the tone of the adventure, but would be suitable fora group
of characters who would be unlikely to volunteer to join
the hunt.

If any of the characters think to try and use the
Soothsay Art in conjunction with the nature realm, they
will not receive a definite answer to where the rings are
located. They find they cannot scry on the rings them-
selves, but geta definite impression thatsomething chimeric
in origin lies to the north. Try as they might, they cannot
get a lock on the whereabouts of the chimeric item they

sense.

Acc Tuo: On che Trait...

Scene One: A Duncan'
We Wit Go...

The characters set cheerfully off toward the north of
Hidden Treasures. The day is bright; the breeze is cool.
The characters travels for about an hour, through various
smaller areas, full of scenic waterfalls and lush vegetation.
The first place they come across is a small clearing in the
lush vegetation. There are flowers as high as their waist,
and the sweet scent of hyacinth is in the air. A small stream
gurgles nearby, offering its clear, cool water if they desire
it. Tall coconut trees reach to the sky in silent homage.


The glade is silent, save the singing of the colorful birds.
Finding nothing but the natural Glamour and peaceful-
ness, they continue onward.

Be sure to describe each area with vivid descriptions,
evoking all the senses. Here there are areas untouched by
mortals; small crystal-clear pools with tiny waterfalls emp-
tying into them, flowers as big as a child, the air itself
seeming to sing. If the characters choose to stop at any
point and explore, they will find a variety of birds and
pethaps even a lizard or two — but no rings or evidence of
anything fae. You should allow each of the characters to
explore whatever they wish, but be careful that you do not
lose their interest. If they appear to be becoming frus-
trated, have them come upon Kukui's grotto sooner. Use
this scene to foster roleplaying; allow the characters to get
abetter feel of who they are. They run across other treasure
hunters or the natural wildlife of the area. Laughter floats
on the windas the other Menehune race to locate the rings
or evidence of their existence.

They finally come upona grotto thatis larger than the
ones they have been in before. Here a waterfall, about 10
to 15 feet in height, pours into a crystal-clear pool. The
pool is about six feet at its deepest point. Beautiful tropical
flowers are everywhere, springing from around tree roots
and from between rocks. The grass is lush and soft. The
abundant vegetation has sealed this place off from outsid-
ers. The characters can almost feel the tangible Glamour
in this beautiful clearing. It appears empty.

Scene Two: CDeecing che Nymph

As the characters enter the glade, they become aware

of rustling from some of the surrounding trees. Further
investigation will yield nothing out of the ordinary. One of
the characters should spot Kukui first. He is watching the
party from behind the waterfall, trying to decide whether
they are friendly or trespassers. If the characters are de-
structive in any way, Kukui will use his powers to frighten
the characters off. If they appear friendly and nondestruc-
tive to the area, he will eventually step out of the waterfall
and introduce himself as Kukui, keeper of this grotto.
Kukui is hospitable to the characters, offering them
cool drink and fresh fruit. He is inquisitive about their
nature, for he has never seen such strange fae. He seems
especially intrigued if there is a pooka among them. He
will ask such a character if he can transform into the
animal he resembles. If any pooka chooses to show that
particular ability, Kukui will grow even more delighted
and share his own transforming abilities with the charac-
ters. Kukui thirsts for knowledge of these outworlders and
will talk with the characters as long as they wish. He will


tell them he is a nymph, tied to the land, and that this is
his grotto.

If the characters ask him about the legends of
Kaliandranaand Kaiau, his face will grow long. He will tell
the characters that she was hailed as one of the bravest of
their kind, but also one of the saddest. He affirms that the
stories are actually truth and not myth. In fact, he tended
to both of them when they fled from the village, ages ago.
He tried very hard to help both, but his healing waters
where not strong enough to protect them. His sadness
reaches out to the party, reminding them that reality and
Banality encroaches upon even the happiest pair, even if
you live as long as this nymph apparently has. After more
conversation, he will reveal that he may know where the
grotto is that they are looking for. He will offer to assist
them in their endeavor, but warns them that there are
strange things in this area to be careful of.

If the characters choose to accept his help, Kukui will
offer to show them the grotto. He is anxious to learn as
much as possible from these strangers, and relishes the
opportunity for interaction. He will become sad and
withdrawn if the characters do not wish his company

Kutun

You don't remember your first day or, rather, the day
you became aware of your nature — it was so longago. You
had sought refuge in this grotto from the time when you

were small. Its peacefulness and beauty called to you, sung

to you. There was something strangely familiar, yet out of
reach. You would work extremely fast during the day,
waiting for the chance to be free and run to your secret
place

You remember with perfect clarity the day
truly became aware. It was twilight, the light filtered
through the trees, the wind was a whisper upon your sk
You broke through into this beautiful grotto and suddenly
felt a deep kinship with the waterfall and the small pond
at its center. You could feel everything around you, as if
you were a part of the grotto itself — you could feel its pain,
but also the intense beauty of your own personal paradise.
You became aware that you were one of nature's chosen,
a nymph, and this was your glade.

It was to your glade that Kaiau and your elder,
Kaliandrana fled to when the Menehune showed their
fear. Kaliandra's grotto was too faraway, and she knew that
you would protect them. You tended their wounds and
tried to heal the scars left by those who did not understand.
You mourned her loss and wept with the land as one of her
daughter's passed into the land that gave her birth. You

swore to stay away from these strange brethren, but over

time you have gone against your own decree. You have
spent the last few decades tending to the land. You honed
your skills to live within the water, earth or the trees,
though your true form is within water. Many come to you
for refuge from the world's trouble, and you always gladly
sing a soft song for them. You are deeply afraid of these
strange people with their glittering boxes and their loud
disrespectful voices, though also compelled by them.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Crafter/Savage
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Nymph
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Constitution 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Kenning 4, Empathy 4, Expression 3
Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Stealth 5, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Naturalist 4
Arts: Primal 5, Soothsay 2, Legerdemain 1
Realms: Scene 4, Nature 5
Backgrounds: Gremayre 2, Chimera 2, Freehold 2
Glamour: 8
Banality: 2
Willpower: 3

Special Abilities: Kukui's nature allows him some
abilities while within his grotto. He can meld with any of
the natural elements (tree, water, waterfall, earth), mak-
ing it seem like he is just disappearing into the object. He
can use his water to heal minor wounds at a cost of one


Glamour (this is only useful on characters whose Health
Level isat Wounded or less). His presence and grace would
compel normal mortals toward Kukui if he allowed himself
to be seen during one of their visits. He can command his
area to do small things, such as waters to swirl and tree
branches to rustle, should he wish to frighten off any
unwanted visitors. This is his glade, and thus he is the
ultimate master over it.

Image: Kukui takes on whatever elemental form he is
near. If he is in the water, he will appear to be translucent.
Everything will seem very fluid about his manner and his

If he arrives from his tree, his skin will app
barklike, his hair green. His most common seeming is of a
very attractive young man with greenish-brown hair and
very tanned skin. He moves with a fluid grace and watches
everything before speaking. His voice resembles water
flowing through a stream — very soft and musical.

Roleplaying Hints: This is your grotto. Everything
here is under your command, and you are safe here, as is
anyone you choose to harbor. The years have shown a
stripping away of your early fears of the Menehune, and
youhave become more curious about theirculture. Youare
willing to help those who ask for itand who show you their

incerity in their requests. You like jokes and speaking in
metaphors.

Scene Three: Over the
and through che Cloods

The characters now have a very strong lead to discov.
ering the rings. They have proof that they do exist and
possibly exactly where they exist. The mood of the story
should step up anticipation and excitement; after all, the
characters have a nymph who knows where the grotto is.
Assuming all has gone well with Kukui, the charac

ters set out in a good mood, jauntily roaming over the hills.
Kukui will converse cheerfully with them, swapping sto-
ries with Valmont or any other eshu, yet he always seems
drawn back to the pooka, if one is present. They do not go
far before they encounter a group of five mortals, all
decked out in loud Hawaiian shirts and cameras. They are
busy chittering about how beautiful the area is; trivializing
it. Kukui will get very aggravated, speaking about the
ravelers" who steal the mana from the land. He will
beseech the characters to help him frighten off the tres-

passe:

The tourists are in fact depleting the mana from the

land by trivializing the beauty of the natural surroundings.
In fact, one of the members of this tourist party is a
geological scientist by the name of Dr. Jennifer Friedman.
She is searching an area to drill and send a tracer down to

see the shift in the tectonics of this island. She carries with

: Scenes


her many articles of her profession, such as a camera, tape
recorderand mini-seismograph. She isan Autumn Person.

Feeling vulnerable outside of his glade, Kukui will
immediately try to use his cantrips associated with the land
to spook the tourists enough to leave. One of the first
things he will try is to induce fear by having the branches
all rustle at the party and move in an agitated manner. He
will do anything to entreat the characters to help him,
cryingabout how they steal from the land. He points to the
scientist and calls hera dream stealer. He seems genuinely
afraid of these people. The Storyteller should emphasize
the tragedy of this scene, and the characters should have
the opportunity to think of inventive
these people, particularly the Autumn Person, without
actually harming them. What interesting stories will be
told in the bars in town that night!

Once the people have been frightened off, Kukui will
rush forward to show the characters the way to the secret
grotto of Kaliandrana.

Acc Three:
Inco the Grozto

Scene One: The Grocto

Kukui makes his way before the characters, seeming
tomelt through the underbrush. There is an air of urgency
about him, as if he is afraid to be away from his precious
home any longer than necessary. He will begin muttering
under his breath strange rhymes and The charac-

ters can begin to feel the air become almost tangible with
Glamour. Any changeling with high Banality will find the
Mists being virtually ripped away as they plunge deeper
and deeper into the heart of the jungle

Kukui stops suddenly, cocking his head to the side to
listen. He is in tune with nature enough to be able to hear
the music of the waterfalls and to feel the shift in the
breeze. He is attempting to feel the opening to the grotto.
Kaliandrana died a few centuries ago, and since then, the
tectonics of the island have shifted enough to plunge her
grotto underground. Shouting "Follow me!" he plunges
headlong into a hole in the side of what appears to be a
small hill. He disappears quickly into the depths. If the
characters take too long, he will clamber back out, mo-
tioning anxiously for them to follow him, and then duck
back under.

The characters will find the tunnel leading under-
ground to be damp, but not unpleasantly so. The air here
is fragrant with the scent of flowers. Fluorescent lichen
produces a dull glow, giving off soft yellow light. The
ground is hard-packed dirt; the walls are stone. It does not


appear that anything has touched this place ina very long
time. All the characters should become more and more
aware of the feeling of Glamour emanating from the area
ahead. Eventually, the tunnel opens into a large under-
ground grotto.
A waterfall
apure, clear pool in the center of the chamber. The ground

cades from the wall of the grotto into

is fine sand, and the pool gently laps against the mouth.
Tropical flowers bloom about the room; from the walls, on
the edge of the lake and around the falls, their natural
sustenance taken from the rivulets of small streams about
the grotto. The warm bri
with sweet jasmine and salt air. The hidden grotto is open
above, which allows some sunlight to filter into the

e comes off the water, scented

chamber.

Kukui will plunge cheerfully forward, ecstatic that
the grotto is where he remembered it. Regardless of who
goes in first, they do not get very far before a very large
dragon swoops down and begins to attack.

Scene Two: Mere
There Be Oragons!

Ko'leel the dragon will fall upon whoever enters the
grotto first. She will prepare to breath a column of chimeri-
cal fire if the characters do not first step back into the
passageway. If the entire group steps back into the passage-
way, she will remain hovering in front of them. She is the
guardian of the grotto and takes her job very seriously. She
is a creature of majestic beauty, but deadly in a fight.

The characters have two choices here — they can
fight the dragon or they can try to reason with her.
Depending on how long they choose to wait, Ko'leel may
take the initiative in speaking to them. She has the ability
to speak telepathically and will do so, asking them why
they disturb this area. Kukui will urge the characters to try
and reason with the dragon; after all, fighting a dragon is
no small feat. Even if the characters do attempt to reason
with the dragon she will not be a pushover — she is
adamant about not letting them into the grotto. After all,
she has been charged with the act of protecting it at all
costs and who knows what danger these strangers could
bring. The characters must come up with some reason, and
proof, why they should be allowed into the grotto. Perhaps
one of the characters can tell their story? An Unseelie
might try to charm and beguile the dragon, while a Seelie
may rely on honor. The Storyteller's key to roleplaying the
scene of allowing them entrance is not to give in too easily.

If the characters choose to fight the dragon, they will
find ita difficult task. Ko'leel takes her job very serious and
will put up a good fight. She will strafe the chasm with
chimerical fire. She will move with lightning speed to bite

or claw at the characters, attacking trolls, redcaps and
those with chimerical weapons first. She will attack one
character single-mindedly, and only once that one is
"dead" will she switch to the next target. Fighting this
dragon should be a difficult task — one in which the
dragon almost wins; the characters should only narrowly
be able to defeat her. Every character who partakes in her
destruction should gain two points of temporary Banality.

After dealing with the dragon, feel free to let the
characters explore at will. The
in the pool if they desire; each character finding his soul

should be allowed to swim

infused with Glamour (each character gains two points of
temporary Glamour). Searching the rocks and crevasses
will yield no rings. Ko'leel will refuse to tell the characters
where the ringslay, insisting that if the spirits of Kaliandrana
and Kaiau wish them to possess the rings, they will be
‘one behind the waterfall.
The stone is a piece of volcanic glass jutting up from the

found. In truth, they lie on a

floor. The rings are in the concave center in a pool of
Glamour-infused water.

Choose one of the more curious or noble of you
players. For example, Tor or Morgan would be acceptable
characters. Have the chosen player suddenly have a vision
of the rings and, without knowing why, go over to the
waterfall. The Glamour in the glade isallowinga character
to bend the glade to his will and the glade has decided that
the characters are worthy of possessing the rings. The
character enters the falls in an almost trancelike state and
finds the pool and within it the rings. He will also hear an
entrancing song in the background — much like a brook
trickling over the rocks in a stream. Have the other
characters notice their friend's strange behavior and react
as they will. The chosen will have no idea what came over
him. Once the characters find the rings, they may take
them freely.

If the characters ask Ko'leel to accompany them, she
will refuse, saying that it is still her duty to protect this
sacred grove. She is meant for this magical place not fora
world full of Banality.

Koiteet che Oragon

Kolleel is a powerful chimera that bears the sem-
blance of a traditional Oriental dragon. Her body is very
streamlined, almost snakelike like versus the traditional
mammoth reptilian archetype. Her face resembles a lion,
rather than the traditional Western dragon, and huge
whiskers jut out from her eyebrows and cheeks. Her scales
reflect the Glamour produced light, scintillating a myriad
of colors from silver to pink to blue, all metallic in sheen.
She has no wings and instead moves through the ai in a

Chapzer Seven: Scenes 103


serpentine motion, gliding along air currents, moving on
the winds of Glamour.

She was the loyal subject of Kaliandrana years ago.
She charged with the protection of the grotto and
takes her job very seriously. Passionately devoted to the
memory of her friend, she still carries on her position to
this day. No human or Kithain has penetrated the area
death; the characters are the first. She
knows of the powers of the rings and i

since her mistre:
orn to protect
them from those who are not worthy of possessing them.
Ko'leel's statistics are as follow:
Attributes: Strength 9, Dexterity 4, Stamina 7,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance 5, Percep-
tion 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Abilities : Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Etiquette 3, Breath 3, Melee 3, Mythlore 3, Lingu'
Enigmas 2, Occult 2
Glamour: 9, Willpower: 5
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -3, -3, -3,
Attacks: Bite/10 dice
Breath Weapon/15 dice (range 100 feet)
Claws/8 dice

Powers:

© Telepathic Speech — Ko'leel has the ability
speak telepathically with whomever she chooses.

Scene Three: Rewards Well Given

The journey back to the Menehune village is an
uneventful one. Twilight is drawing near, and the bound-
aries between night and day are thin. If the characters
extend the invitation, Kukui will be reluctant to join them
in the village. Old fears die hard. However, after some
gentle persuasion, he will agree to accompany the party
back to Hidden Treasures. His banter will become more
subdued, and he will stick close to the person he has built
up the best rapport with.

The village is alight with torches sparkling yellow,
orange, blue and green. The drums are being played in a
joyous beat, and the scent of fresh pig can be smelled
wafting through the trees. All around the shouts of chil-
dren can be heard intermingled with the steady beat of the
fire-drums. As the characters draw nearer, they see fire-
dancers prancing around the fire to the beat of the drums.

A group of Menehune stands off to the side, spears
out. Contrary to the rest of the village, they have serious
looks on their faces. The are speaking in low voices, one
man pointing to the northern end of the village. These
people are part of the search party that was organized when
the companions did not return with all of the other
children. Chief Makani is worried — these people do not
know the ways of the island and could be in trouble. As
soon as the characters become visible in the village,
someone will shout, and many of the Menehune will run
over toward them.

The characters will be taken to the fire circle. There is
a mixture of awe, fear and wonder at Kukui's appearance,
but they do not make any moves against him. The drum-
mers will start up again, and the chanters will begin singing.
Once the feast has begun, the characters will be encouraged
to tell their story. There is fire-dancing and drumming.
Many wish to meet the Kukui, intrigued by his existence.

If the characters announce immediately that they
have located the rings, Hamaia and Chief Makani will
come forward, asking to view the rings. The characters
should give the rings to the chief. It should be evident that

the chief did not expect anyone to actually find the rings,
and Kuku
letting the characters tell the tale to the whole tribe. Kukui
should interject here and there, especially adding in the

appearance is an added bonus. Have fun

bit about the tourists.

The characters will be hailed as the "honored" at the
feast. They receive seats next to the chief and are served
first. Hamaia has many questions about Kukui, such as
where he lives, how he survives and validation of other
legends about nymphs. Several of the young men will ask
any female characters to dance, as many of the women will


ask the male characters — even Kukui. Frivolity and fun
should reign as the chief announces the rings are truly the
sacred rings of Kaliandrana and Kaiau. The story con-
cludes here, but is only the beginning of the character's
relationship with the Menehune.

‘Welcome to the Jungle

"Welcome to the Jungle" is a medium-length adven-
ture fora band of Seelie characters. Itisnotas light-hearted
as the first adventure, but does not have the levels of
treachery that are present in the last. It ends in a very
ambiguous manner, allowing the Storyteller to decide
which direction the characters should go next — whether
to the next adventure or back to Queen Aeron or Duke
Aeon to report their findings. The story runs a wide
gambit, beginning with the discovery of strange chimeri-
cal beasts running about freely and leading to the discovery
of the Shadow Court and Lord Yrtalien's freehold. This
adventure allows the characters to test their investigative
prowess as they discover what or who is behind a rash of
strange events.

This story is designed to introduce Seelie characters
to the Shadow Court. Unseelie who are not aware of the
court's existence may also be integrated in this s
little difficulty. One of the Seelie options for this story is
for the players to be members of Count Menihiron's court.
They could have been sent to the city of Hilo to discover
the truth behind some strange rumors of a new sidhe lord
in the city and to offer greeting from the count. Alterna-
tively, the players could just be on vacation to the beautiful
islands, seeking refuge from a world laden down with
Banality. If your players choose to play the companions,
you can use this as a means of introduction to Lord
Yrtalien, rather than mirror the series of events found in
the novel.

Theme

As the title signifies, "Welcome to the Jungle" is an
introduction to the excesses and the wickedness of the
Shadow Court. Here they use Glamour freely and without
consequence. The philosophy of this court is that mortals
are the servants to the Kithain and should be treated as
such. Yrtalien has several enchanted mortals within his
freehold, their only purpose being to please him. Mortals
are beneath those who wield Glamour, and to show
anything but superiority toward them is considered being
soft which the court finds distasteful. These are the true
Unseelie, and they are proud of their new court.

These things should feel wrong to the players. They
should not fall into the ways of the Shadow Court, until

perhaps the end. They need to recognize that while


Hawai'i is a natural resource of Glamour, it is being torn
from the land at an alarming rate. If this continues to
occur, Hawai'i will eventually end up just another tourist
trap, devoid of all but the most superficial of Glamour.

(Dood

This story should be reminiscent of a traditional
gothic novel; like Jane Eyre or Emily Bronté. In the
beginning of the story, things are normal enough and life
is bright. The characters are ina city suffused with beauty,
fun and Glamour. Gradually, strangeness enters the
character's life, pulling them into the unknown. The
horror should mount as some of the stronger examples of
the Shadow Court are discovered, such as the ravaged
islanders. What's more, there are those out there who
know of these travesties, but are not doing anything about
it! How can this be?

Thestory should end witha feeling of dread and horror
at the ultimate discovery — the Shadow Court itself!

Background

This story can take place a few days after the first
adventure or within a few days of the characters' arrival in
the city of Hilo. The city of Hilo is beautiful and free of all
but the most rudimentary forms of Banality. There is a
feeling of wonder in the air, and that can be seen in the
beautiful handcrafted items of the islanders. The city is full

of gift shops that are manned by natives who make small

items to buy. Every night a lu'au can be found, and during
the day there are the beautiful gardens to behold or the
sparkling beach to explore.

It is only a perhaps a week since Prince Yrtalien
stepped on the island and created his freehold. The party is
just now in full swing. He has given Siva her title, and all of
the Unseelie mentioned in Chapter Five are in attendance.

Acc One: CDonscers,

CDonscers, Everywhere
Scene One: On che Town

Hawai'i is a place of magic, a refuge from the world's
Banality. It is a place where the world's Banality is held at
bay and the Kithain can truly feel free. Here grumps do not
need to fear the Mists as much as they don the mainland.
The shops are filled with handmade items, beautiful leis
and shells galore. Here there are nightclubs that stay open
late, and you can find a lu'au almost every night


The scene begins with the characters strolling down
the street toward the club, Reflections. The Storyteller
will have to inventa reason for them to go here — perhaps
they have heard the wonderful international reviews of the
restaurant and have decided to try its cuisine on their own.
Reflections is a well-to-do restaurant club that offers
both fine dining and dancing and is one of the most
popular restaurants in the city. It is located below street
level, and next to a pond filled with Japanese koi fish, on
Aupuni street. The characters have heard only good
things about itand are anxiously waiting to sample the fine
cuisine and wonderful music. It is a beautiful I
night; the skies are clear, there isa faint breeze blowing the
It smell from the ocean, and the colorful birds

wai'ian

wonderful
of the island walk freely about. There are hundred of
tourists walking happily about; lovers walking hand in
hand, children running ahead of their parents only to
scamper back to their families' familiar grasp.

The characters arrive at the club with relatively little
problem, walk down the winding stairs to enter and are seated
together around a table near a set of bird cages. There is soft
music playing in the background, and people are dancing on
the dance floor located down another short flight of steps.
They can order a variety of foods, both Continental and
American fare. Dinner isserved, and the characters should be
enjoying each other's company when a commotion can be
heard from a small bridge over one part of the large pond.

If the characters do not immediately investigate, they
may be inclined to when the woman grabs her son's hand
and pulls him off the bridge, shouting something about
contaminated water or illegal fish in the restaurant. Other
patrons may have their curiosity peaked and wander over
to look in the water. Many stare in strange fascination,
while others turn away pale.

The characters move over to see what everyone is
talking about and view a very large chimerical fish. It is
slowly eating all of the other fish in the pond, leaving a
trail of blood through the pond. It has a tendency to
unnervingly turn and smile at the nearest person, displa
inga large mouthful of razor-sharp teeth. When itspies the
characters, its eyes narrow and it get a very predatory look
on its face. It rises out of the water, and flies out of the club.
Shouts of "flying fish," and screams can be heard from
outside the restaurant.

Scene Two: The Chase 1s On

Hopefully the characters will abandon their food and
take off after the chimerical beast. If they do not do so
immediately, the Storyteller should provide some incentive.
Perhaps the chimera attacks several of the restaurant patrons
before fleeing, and if nothing else, they should be curious as
to how the mortals present are able to see the chimera.

Assuming all goes as planned, they charge up the
stairs to find several fainted mortals and several others
with dazed looks on their faces. If anyone stops to ask, the
people will point down the street and toward Hilo Bay.
Faint screams can be heard coming from that direction.

The characters should pursue the chimera down the
street and toward Hilo Bay. They can follow the steady
stream of colored ichor or the stunned look on people's
faces as a fish the size of a dog soars by in the air. The fish
will fly through houses and cut over a few streets, leaving
confused people in its wake. It will fly between people's
legs and through jungle gym equipment, forcing the char-
acters to dodge around and about. As it flies, it seems to
have no motive except chaos. They will catch glimpses of
it rounding corners, going through windows, etc. This
should resemble, in a comic way, a car chase one would see
on TV. The fish will finally turn into what appears to be
adead end alley. In truth, the fish is leading them into an
ambush.

Scene Three: Inco the Alleywiay

As the characters turn the corner into the alleyway,
several things will be noted at once. The alleyway is, in
fact, a dead end. Two large buildings loom on either side,
no windows or doors facing into the alley. No fire escapes
are evident on either building.

The fish stops, hovering at the end of the alley. It is
smiling at the characters in a very unsettling manner. The
characters should begin to feel uneasy; here they are, in an
alley, with a large chimerical fish, and the fish isn't doing
anything but smiling. The Storyteller should really take
this opportunity to build up the feeling of suspense and the
bitter edge of fear. Something is wrong.

A Perception + Alertness check (difficulty 7) may
alert the characters to the other two chimera before they
attack from behind, though any characters watching their

ks will notice them immediately. In fact, this was one
big set up. These three chimera are recently escaped from
Lord Yrtalien's garden hunt and are out to do the thing
they do best — hunt. Each one was summoned to chal-
lenge the more daring of Unseelie, complete with their
own set of natural weapons. Pug looks much like a large
wad of Silly Putty; his skin is ruddy pink, and his body
squat. The other chimera looks like a gremlin with a
greenish-black scaly hide and tail. The two new chimera
will not waste a moment before attacking the characters,
reacting swiftly and without mercy. Their statistics can be
located at the end of this scene.

Pug and the gremlin will use chimerical swords to
attack the characters, while the fish will fly about and use
her sharp teeth to bite the characters, doing chimerical

Chapzer Seven: Scenes


damage. It should become very evident very quickly that
these are not typical orphan chimera; they are freaks and
nasty ones at that. The battle should be a fierce one, but
the characters should be victorious in the end. The char-
acters should not gain Banality for killing these chimera
due to their peculiar nature.

If the characters try to question the chimera before
eliminating them, it will be to no avail. Only the goblin
can speak, and he prefers very colored slang that should
shock even the most streetwise Kithain. The chimera will
do nothing but attack. There is no way to convert these
chimera; they were born out of pure nightmares and have
no purpose save death.

Kater Fash

This fish is about the size of a medium-size dog with
the personality of a rabid Doberman. It was summoned to
amuse those who wanted to go fishing, but had an added
twist. It doesn't need water to survive, and it can fly. The
huge green-scaled body looks normal at first for an exotic
fish — its fins are an array of iridescent colors, it moves
lazily through water — but when one looks closer, one sees
other, disturbing things. Its eyes are pure silver, lined with
red. Its mouth contains two rows of razor-sharp teeth
capable of biting through bone, and it has a smile capable
of unnerving even the boldest troll.

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hi

It is a strict carnivore and requires large amounts of
raw meat (chimerical meat that is). Because of this fact, it
strayed to the first area it could find where it could possibly
blend in. In its mind, it has only one mission: find food —
preferably Kithain (though other chimera will do in a
pinch). What better place to wait for an opportunity but
at a restaurant? It agreed to work with the other renegade
chimera in the hope of providing amusement for their own
sake, not for the sake of others. In reality, she has little to
no loyalty to either Pug or the gremlin. She will eat them
too if she gets hungry enough.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3,
Charisma 0, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Melee (Bite) 4
Glamour: 8, Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, -5
Attacks: Bite/5 dice

Powers:

¢ Fin Buffet — She uses her flying ability to knock
adversaries into the surrounding walls. It does 4 dice
damage with the possibility of knock out. If more successes
are gained than the character's Stamina, she is knocked out

© Flight — The fish has the ability to fly at no
Glamour cost.


Pug

Pug is best described as a bipedal form of putty. While
he does have two legs, two arms and a sort of face, his skin
color is ruddy pink and his entire body is supported by
cartilage. He resembles a cartoon character, though a
rather repulsive one. His eyes are buglike and he has no
hair, save big, bushy, black eyebrows. He stands only three
feet tall, but carries a very large chimerical ax.

Pug has the unique ability to shift his body whichever
way he wishes, as longas he keeps his full body intact. That
is, he cannot split apart, like an amoeba, or in half. He can
shift himself over and around a person's face, or other body

part, squeezing and cutting off circulation. He has no real

higher thought processes besides to kill and thus follows
the fish and the gremlin without question.

His escape from the freehold's garden was really a
fluke. He was one of the medium-danger chimera created,
but he stumbled onto the gremlin in the maze. The
gremlin, amused by Pug's horrible appearance, brought
him along when he escaped into the city. He is, by far, the
easiest of things to kill.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1, Percep-
tion 1, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Abilities: Brawl 2, Dodge 5, Intimidation 2, Melee 3
Glamour: 5, Willpower: 2

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5

Attacks: Axe/4 dice

Powers:

© Mold — By forgoing an action, Pug can shape his
body into whatever form he desires — including engulfing
aperson. He may attempt tosmothera character using this
ability by winning a Dexterity test — difficulty is the
victim's Dexterity + Dodge. Use the drowning rules in
Changeling on page 235.

Gremlin

The gremlin is a fierce, war-oriented creature. His
body is covered with a green-black hide that makes it
difficult to hit him with normal weapons. His streamlined,
erpent-like shape allows him to dart and move
quickly, and his short height allows him to dart between

almost

legs and through tunnels. Like the fish, he has razor-sharp
teeth, but h
tail. His eyes reflect yellow in the light, scaring any mortal

so has a pair of wicked claws, and a lashing

who might see him.

His favorite method of attack is to lay low and blend
with the surroundings. He then springs out and hamstrings
his victim or severs the person's Achilles tendon, render-
ing them unable to do anything but crawl. Then and only
then will he move in and very sadistically carve up the
poor victim. He consumes the flesh of the Kithain, causing
him to gain extra Health Levels. His blood is like acid and
if touched will cause aggravated real damage. He is profi-
cient at using his claws and tail. He is a devious, evil
creature and should be the most difficult of all to kill.
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Subterfuge 1,
Drive 1, Melee 2, Stealth 4


Glamour: 6, Willpower: 4

Health Levels : OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5
Attacks: Bite / 4 dice

Claw / 5 dice

Hamstring: He must make a successful Brawl attac
versus difficulty 8. A successful attack renders the
victim unable to walk. Damage is for 3 dice.

Powers

* Acidic blood — His blood is much like that of the
creatures in Aliens. When he bleeds, it eats through
whatever it touches. Characters who get the gremlin's
blood must either wipe is off or find some other way of
removing it. The blood does three soakable Health Levels
the first round, and one additional level per round that the
blood remains on the body.

* Chimerical Claws — His claws are far more deadly
than most, as they rend the very fabric of your chimerical
existence from you. With each successful attack, the
character must make a successful soak roll lest the Gremlin
rend the Glamour from her soul. For each successful attack
that does damage, the character looses one temporary
Glamour point. It should be described in such a way that
the player is fully aware of what is happening.

© Consumption — By eating his victim, the Gremlin
can either heala number of wounds equal to half the victim's
available Health Levels (for Kithain, 7), or he may add those
levels to his own Health Levels, increasing the amount of
damage he can take. For example, if Gremlin consumes
Mary, a childling eshu, he will have the choice of healing 3
wounds or adding 3 Health Levels to his total pool.

Acc Two: ARavagin
Ce Cuil Go

Scene One: The Strange QDan

It is a few days later, and things look and feel brighter
in the light of day. The feelings of unease should feel silly
in the morning light, the experience with the chimera in
the back of their mind's. After all, chimera sometimes go
bad — look at the monsters under the bed! They can easily
be explained away as someone's escaped nightmares, or
some weird figment of someone's imagination. The Story-
teller should attempt to alleviate any feelings of utter
weirdness. Yes, the other night was an
that big of

wonderful city, though lingering feelings of tension remain

eption, but not
deal, and no reason to stop enjoying the

in the back of all but the most light-hearted of characters.

The characters have been given several shop names
that are owned and managed by islanders. These shops

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hn

deal in homemade wares and are off the tourist track and
ina more remote part of town. The shops here are smaller
and have homemade signs versus the manufactured, tacky
ones of tourist trade shops in the inner city. Here, all sorts
of handmade items can be found, from clothes to leis to
shell designs to coral rings.

The characters are enjoying this area of town, shop-
ping and seeing the sights, when they spy a silver-haired
sidhe and a large grump troll enter the Aloha Shop. The
sidhe is well dressed and walks with a very haughty, regal
air. His silver hair is pulled back into a slick ponytail, and
he looks to be the epitome of a well-dressed business man.
The troll's mortal seeming is that of a middle-aged blond
man. He is wearing shorts and a loose white shirt that
d. There

is something about both of them that make the characters

billows out in the wind. He does not look pleas

feel very uneasy about approaching them personally.

After a few moments, both will leave the shop,
heading back into the main city. A successful Perception
+ Gremayre (Difficulty 7) will show both to be more
infused with Glamour, the sidhe more than the troll, than
before they went in. In truth, this is Lord Devlin and the
grump troll, Tor. Ifthe characters are playing the compan-
ions, the grump troll would be assisting, not frowning
upon, the situation. Lord Devlin is doing his daily ravaging
rounds. He rips the Glamour from the islanders, forcing
many to close their shops, even if only for a few days. This
is how Yrtalien, Glynnis and especially Devlin receive
their seemingly endless supply of Glamour to create the
illusion and chimera they do. They believe Glamouris free
and should be taken, not spun away from a mortal.

Scene Two: Aloha Shop

The scene that the character meet is not a pleasant
one. The shop itself is a small building with a wooden door.
Iris full of beautiful handmade jewelry, sculpture and small
hand-made treasures. Silver is wrought around driftwood,
shells and corals to make intricate designs for pendants,
earrings, bracelets and small knick-knacks. There are such
things as a shark carved out of driftwood, polished, and
embellished with coral and shells to create the illusion of
an. When the light hits it, the shells
ve patterns. All the items give off

itsswimming in the oc
reflect up, creating w:
faint glimmers of Glamour; this islander is a true artisan.

The man sitting behind the counter looks up as the

characters enter. He has dark circ
icters when they walk in, but his
voice is listless, tired. On the counter in front of him is a piece

hausted. He greets the chara

of iridescent shell that is being worked into the facsimile of a
rose on a piece of driftwood. The tools lie in front of him,
untouched. He will offer to assist any character who needs it.


It shouldn't take the characters long to observe that
this man has been Ravaged. It is only a small leap to link
this Ravaging with the men who walked out earlier, but
they have heard no mention of either Unseelie or other
Ravagers in Hilo. As they watch the man, he will pick up
his tools several times, only to put them down looking
frustrated and dazed. Gone is his inspiration, leaving him
with but a storeful of beautiful things.

The characters may look about the store trying to find
some clue or try to garner a name from the man. He will
know nothing, except that the silver-haired man is new to
the store and that he recently came in with an attractive
raven-haired man and a woman. He will give fairly accu
rate descriptions of Yrtalien, Glynnis and Devlin in their
mortal seeming. Apparently they came into the store
about a week ago and purchased a large number of items
from him — especially jewelry for the lovely lady. He will
have no other information besides that.

At this point, Michael Cole will enter the shop and
seem surprised to find other Kithain there. One look will
show him to be a troll. The shop owner will greet him
personally and apologize for not having the ordered piece
ready. He will motion toward the near-complete rose and
explain that he isn't feeling well and is going to close up
shop soon. Cole will be extremely polite and gr
the man; it is obvious they are friends, and he will tell the
man to take his time. Meanwhile, he buys a heart-shaped
coral pendant, keeping his eyes on the characters. It is
obvious he doesn't trust them, but also seems vaguely
puzzled by their presence. He will refuse the shop owner's
offer to sell him the heart necklace cheaper and will tell
the man to take his time with the rose piece.

If the characters approach Michael at this point, he is
polite to them, obviously seeing their true nature. He will
urge them to make their purchases and let the man close
his shop for the day. If they dawdle longer, he will wait
patiently. If the characters do not approach him in the
store, he will leave, but will be waiting for them outside.

Michael will confront the players, asking them who
they are and who sent them. He will stare at each one,
possibly asking if one of the party members (the one with
the most Glamour) Ravaged the store owner. Of course
the party should deny it. Once that matter is aside, he will
ask them their business. He will answer any questions
thrust at him honestly, but with great brevity. He is not a
man totell his life story to justany random kith. Gradually,
the conversation should turn to the Ravaged man, the two
men who (or who appeared to have) Ravaged the store
owner, and the strange chimera that appeared in the city
last night. With the description of Devlin, Michael will
sigh and ask the characters if they would like to talk
somewhere else. He will take them to his home.

Chapzer Seven: Scenes


Growing up in Sacramento, California, was rough.

Michael's mother endured his father's abuse, and he silently

took it each day, letting his anger grow within him. His

father quickly squelched all the fairy tales, and he came to

realize at an early age that things like Santa Claus, the

Tooth Fairy and the Easter Bunny where just cruel jokes

played on gullible kids. Well, he wasn't gullible, He was
strong, and he wrapped his anger around him like a blanket.

Michael zoomed through high school, acing most

courses and still making the varsity football team. He was

a large, good-looking man, but his abrasive disposition
prevented him from having any long-term relationships.
Secretly, he was afraid he might become too much like his
father and end up hurting someone he loved. When his
father threatened to throw him out at age 18, he gladly
packed up his bag and left. He went far away and flew to
Washington, D.C., and to Quantico. He had decided to
become a federal marshal.

This new obsession to bring the scumbags like his

father to justice drove him. He worked his way through

college and got accepted into the federal marshal's pro-

gram. He persevered and was hailed as one of the top

members of his class, winning his choice of assignments.

He choose the opposite end of the states from his family;
he went to New York City.

It was here that he met the one woman who could
make him laugh: Kate Rollins. They met, strangely enough,
in a bookstore where she bumped into him, spilling her

book:

about her, making you smile despite himself. Pushing her

| over the floor. There was something childlike

BYP AV RALURE

glasses up on her nose, she apolog

1 profusely and then
ising even himself,
sa school teacher at one of the local

asked to take him out for coffee. Sury

he agreed. She w
elementary schools. Michael tried to warn her before they

got too involved; she waved her hand at his warnings and
jus

very special about Kate, and on that first day, he fell in love.

threw her arms about him. Yes, there was something

Ttwa:

ome months later that Kate decided to confide
in him. He had been feeling much happier and was even
involving himself in Kate's pursuit of writing children's
books. She bit her lip, and then something strange hap-
pened — she picked up a wilted rose and brought it back
to life! Something pulled at him, and when he turned
around, he saw himself in a very different light. He was
extremely tall and rough looking and had horns. Kate
quickly explained the truth to him and brought him to the
local freehold. He had found the family he felt he had
never had, and a few months later, he was married and
loveoathed to Kate. They took their honeymoon in Hawai'i,
enjoying the Glamour-tich island

Allthat ended three years ago. After 10 glorious years
with Kate, she was killed in school while trying to break up
Feeling Banality encroaching
upon his soul, Michael packed up and moved to the one

a fight between two kid

place he could treasure her memory always — Hawai'i. He
left the marshals and traveled to Lord Menhiron's court,
only to discover how excessive the court is. Disgusted with
the decadence in Oahu, he moved to the quiet city of Hilo
and joined the local police force. Even now, he realizes
that the only thing that is preventing him from slipping
back into the Mists is Hawai'i's unique nature.

Seelie

Hermit / Fatalist

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Troll
Phy: S
Socia

Court

Legacies

trength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Kenning 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 2, Security 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 3, Law 2,
Medicine 2, Science 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Primal 3, Soothsay 3, Sovereign 1,
Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 4, Nature 1, Fae 2, Prop 2, Scene 1
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Dreamers 1, Resources 2,
Contacts 3
Glamour: 7

Banality: 7
Willpower: 7 (add two dice to all willpower rolls)
Image: In his mortal seeming, Michael is a large man
standing over six feet tall with wide shoulders. His red hair
sets offa fair complexion. He frequently seems brooding or
quiet. He usual wears khaki shorts and polo shirts or jeans
anda T-shirt. Asa troll, Michael stands over eight feet tall.
His horns are prominent across his brow, and he wears a set
of black platemail with his chimeric broadsword at his side.
He wears a long, floor-length flowing, dark-green cape.
Roleplaying Hints: You are honorable to a fault, but
are also very tired. Kate's death took a lot out of you, and
the only thing connecting you to your kith is the Glamour
in the area. You are deeply afraid of loosing the one thing
left you have connecting you to Kate's memory. You are
extremely vigilant in your duties as a police officer, spe-
cializing in juvenile cases. The shop owner in this scene is
your dreamer; you frequent his shop buying small things
for your teenaged friends on the street.

Scene Three:
The Nome of a Friend

Michael will take the characters to a small house on

Hilo bay. It is a single-story house, consisting of a living

room, a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchen and sitting room
overlooking the bay. He will offer refreshments before start-
ing any serious conversation. Perceptive characters might
notice the abundance of pictures of an attractive young
woman in various settings. He has several plaques on the wall
for service, both from New York City and from Hawai'i.
There is a picture of him in his federal marshal's uniform,
taken in Washington, D.C. There are no family photos save
that of his wife. The rooms are in a state of semi-disarray.

Once refreshments have been offered, Michael will
sit with the characters and ask them to tell him about the
chimera they fought last night. He listens attentively,
asking questions only to clarify a point or to go into greater
depth about the chimera. He is very thorough in his
interrogation. After the characters complete the tale
about the chimera, he will ask them to once more describe
the Kithain who entered the store before them. He will
offer paper and pencils to any character who can draw. If
the description is thorough enough, he will be able to
identify Devlin, but not the other person.

Michael will lean back in his chair and explain to the
group some of the stranger things that have been happen-
ing. He has noticed an increase in missing people,
specifically women between the ages of 13 and 25. He has
caught sight of the sidhe the characters have described,

Chapcer Seven: Scenes


leading women into a new car. Starting about a week ago,
there was an influx of islanders closing their stores — all
of them Ravaged. Local artisans have simply lost the
ability to create. Thet been no link or clue to who has
Ravaged them — until now. He hasalso seen a few strange,
bizarre chimera running about the city — all particularly
vicious. He knows there are at least a few Unseelie in town,
but he hasn't had any luck locating any of them. All of this
trouble seemed to begin occurring about two weeks ago.

Putting their heads together, the characters should begin
to understand that there are a fair number of Unseelie in Hilo.
It should be noted that until recently, the Unseelie presence
in Hawai'i was practically nil. Michael will confide his fears
that a large contingent of Uns

some unknown reason. He will suggest further exploration,

Acc Three:
Your Dayescu...

ie have moved to Hilo for

Scene One: Duccing che
Pieces Together

It is now time for the characters to put their investiga-

tive talents touse. They may explore the town, searching for

any clues that might lead them to the Unseelie Court's

Immorcal Eyes: Shadows on che Pitt

whereabouts. They may choose to visit the Aloha Shop
again, only to find it is closed. They become increasing
aware of the large number of smaller shops that are closed.
Allare run by islandersand specialize in hand-crafted items.

If they read the newspaper, there is an article in the
back about strange occurrences in the city. Strange lights
are seen, and there has been an influx of reported monster
and ghost sightings. The natives are claiming that Pele is
upset and is showing her displeasure with her servants.
The reporters and police are baffled with the greater
number of hysteria cases. Michael may introduce the
characters to'a number of his own personal contacts. One
of them, a Seelie redcap named Chris, will tell them to
seek out the Wyvern, who might know what's going on.
Chris will refuse to take them to Wyvern, arguing with
Michael that being seen with a five-oh is bad for business.

The Storyteller should allow the characters to
plore whatever leads they may find. If they try to track
down Wyvern, they can only find one person who will tell
them that he hangs out in the lower side of the bay, ina
lower class section of town. The characters should travel
there to try to locate: this contact,


Scene Two: Hey,
Thacs QDy Wallec!

It has been an exhausting day for the characters, and
it is only midafternoon. Michael cautions them that street
punks don't take kindly to newcomers as they travel into
the more unseemly parts of the city. He will allow and
encourage another character to do the talking, since it is
widely known he is a cop. Michael is constantly looking
around and keeping an eye open for trouble.

Atthis point, a teenager will approach the characters
and steal one of the character's wallet or purse. Anything
that might have identification in it. He will take off down
one of the side streets, running faster than most of the
characters. They may chase the thief if they wish. They
always seem to be just a few steps behind him, but he
obviously knows his way around this area very well. The
wallet has, in fact, been stolen by one of Wyvern's gang
members at his command and is being brought to him. If
one of the characters uses Wayfare to catch up with the
young pickpocket or somehow manage to catch him, he
will confess to running errands for Wyvern, but will seem
ina very big hurry. He will beg and plead to be let go and
is obviously afraid of them. He will agree to take them to
Wyvern if they pressure him enough.

If the characters do not immediately catch the crook,
they dash around the corner just in time to see him dart
through a window into an abandoned hotel. Following
him into the building, they will find themselves in an open
room. There are staits going up and going down. Every:
thing is covered in dust. There are footprints in the dust
leading down the stairs on the opposite side of the room.
Following those will bring the character to a large confer-
ence room one floor below.

The room contains about 25 people, all wearing the
same color clothing. Wyvern sits on the stage in this room,
rifling through the stolen wallet. He looks up as the
characters enter and booms, "So, you've arrived. Oh,
goody." The gang members will cheer and hoot, poking
fun at the characters. Derisive comments, such as pig, are
thrown at the people until Wyvern stands up and booms,
"ENOUGH!" He will walk down to the characters and
invite them to walk with him into a place more private.
The gang will jeer and laugh as the group leaves the room.

Scene Three: Cuescions
Answered

Wyvern will lead them down the hall to a quieter

room. There isa single bulb illuminating the room, giving
ita stark look. The redcap will banter with the party until
someone directly asks him a question.

Wyvern will tell the characters everything he knows
about Yrtalien and his Shadow Court. He will explain how
Glynnis set up the freehold about a month ago and came to
town with Yrtalien approximately two weeks ago. Yrtalien
has been rallying all the Unseelie on the island to his side,
and there has been a large number of Unseelie flocking to
the city. Wyvern has located a new freehold on a hill in the
outskirts of the city and suspects Yrtalien has set up court
there. There are rumors that Yrtalien actually hails from the
Dreamrealms themselves. Wyvern does not know anything
about the Unseelie
surprise him. He knows no others in town who are currently

Ravaging local artisans, but it does not

actively Ravaging any of the islanders. He will respond to
any mention of chimera in the negative and tell the charac-
ters he will be on the lookout for them. He will also warn the
group about a new gang forming, named the Volcanoes.

CUyvern

The street has always been his life or at least his
livelihood. His mother worked hard for the meager livingshe
made as a housekeeper of the larger houses in the area. She
had always taken care of him or tried to. He grew up over-
protective of his mother and asa bully in school. He took to
the street to try and garner more money for his family and
quickly reached the conclusion that this was too easy. This
was about the same time that he realized he was a redeap

He was confused at first, but slowly it all came back —
the bad temper, the intimidation value and his hunger. He
vowed to try to keep the streets as clean as possible, making
more money off petty theft and fencing than his mother
made cleaning house. He began to fully support her, With
his interaction with the gangs, his mother never asked why
he stayed out late and sometimes never came home.


Recently, he noticed several things happening to a
city that he considered to be his. A new gang has moved
areal jerk, and Wyvern
wants to take him out. Several people have gone missing,

in—the Volcanoes. The leader

and there hasn't been anything he could do. He's heard
about this Yrtalien and is not pleased with his arrival and
consequential slow takeover of the city.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin / Rogue
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Redcap

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2.
Subterfuge 2, Intimidation 4

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Security 2,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Occult 2, Mythlore 1,

reetwise 3,

Linguistics |

Arts: Chicanery 3, Primal 2, Wayfare 1

ne 2, Actor 3, Prop 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Allies 3, Resources 2

Realms:

Glamour: 6
Banality: 4
Willpower: 6

Image: Wyvern is a large, dusky-skinned man. His
voice is raspy, and he intimidates with a stare. Always
wearing his colors, he is seen as a thick, stocky man with
mottled black-gray skin. His long black hair is pulled back
in a pony tail, accenting his bloodshot eyes and horrid
mouth. In both mortal and kith seeming, he wears a black
T-shirt and jeans. His long black cloak transforms into a
trench coat depending on which seeming you are seeing.

Roleplaying Hints: This is your city and this is your
gang. You rule mainly by intimidation, but will stoop to
violence if needed. Your information network is large,
including several other lone redcaps on the street, as well
as a few pookas here and there. You are not happy about
the Volcanoes erupting on your turf and want them out.
Though a redcap, youare still a Seelie, and when you give
your word, you mean it.

Scene Lour: The Scakeouct

The characters have the choice of going to the free-

hold itselfor of staking it out. Michael will stay with them,
ning against bolding charging
into the situation. This characters should feel mild frustra-

offering any help, but

tion and a bit of fear — after all, Yrtalien has only been in

the city for a few weeks, chimera have run about, and
islanders have been ravaged.

If they choose the stakeout, they will find the address
that Wyvern gave them to be correct; it is a large house, set
back on the hill. To mortals, it seems like a run-down,
dilapidated house, but to the character's eyes it is a glorious
mansion in its prime. Laughter can be heard drifting down
the hill mingling with screams — from what it isnot known.

The characters can sneak up the hill, making successful
Dexterity + Stealth (Difficulty 7) rolls. Looking in windows
they will see a variety of things; all Unseelie. They will see
Siva, the satyr that Yrtalien made into a noble, kissing and
groping another satyr in one corner of the room. They will
seenumerouspeopledrinkingand laughing, throwing Glam-
our around like it was free. They may catch a glimpse of
Devlin or Tor. Any of Leigh's companions would be alone.
Edmund will be seen enjoying eating everything and any-
thing possible. Tor and Morgan would be looking extremely
out of place. Rasputin will be seen with a large troll; her
name is Diana. However long the characters remain, they
should adequately feel the opulence and debauchery. Michael
willlook faintly ill at the levels of it. Ifthe characters stay too
long or make too much noise, two large troll bouncers will
arrive and bring them inside.

Scene Live: The CDeecing

Whether by being caught or by willingly going into
the freehold, the characters should visit the freehold itself.
If they are being brought in by the bouncers, they will be
immediately shown to Prince Yrtalien. If they are coming
in of their own accord, Lord Devlin will great them. He
does not appear to recognize the characters, though they
are very certain he is the one who Ravaged the owner of
the Aloha Shop.

They will be brought in and welcomed cordially. Wine
filled with dross will be offered. They will be told about the
hunting grounds in the gardens and told that if they desire
weapons to help with the hunting, they have but to ask.
Several satyrs will come and make advances on the charac
ters, making insinuations and cooing innuendo. Many are
especially interested in Michael, who is standing, jaws
clenched. This is an opportunity to meet any of the com-
panions if you wish to have your characters meet them.
They haveall been very deliberately separated, and thus the
characters would not meet more than one or two ata time.

After some time, Prince Yrtalien will send for them.
He is'a very charming man who exudes a very tangible
presence. He will answer any of the characters' questions,
proclaiming to be the Unseelie Prince and to have just
come from Arcadia itself! He will offer a place for the


characters within hisnew ranks, confidentthat the Unseelie
will sweep over Concordi

After thismeeting, the characters have several choices.

d find more information about
Yrtalien, or they can leave and tell Queen Aeron of
Kingdom Pacifica. Ifany character chooses to stay and join
the courts, he will be rewarded highly, but everything has
a definite price. Prince Yrtalien has one main object
Bringing about the return of the true Shadow Court — he
truly intends to do it. This adventure should leave the
characters ina very ambiguousstate. Do they have enough
information to tell Queen Aeron? Should they further
pursue the court? This would be a good start toa chronicle
set in Hawai'i for Seelie. How will Count Menihiron's
court react? What should the characters do?

Possible Followups

The characters travel to Queen Aeron to inform her
of Yrtalien's presence in Hilo. Upon arriving, you are
taken aside by another man and warned against speaking
about the court. Who is he, and what does this mean?

The characters travel to Menihiron's court to inform
him of Yrtalien's presence, but discover Unseelie within
his own court. How should they handle this? Should they
try to uncover how large the Unseelie following is in
Hawai'i? Or just leave it lie?

Michael begins recognizing many of the missing teen-
agers and young adults around the freehold. His ire raises;
he entreats the characters to assist him in freeing them
from Yrtalien's enchantments.

The next adventure, "Reflections on a Mirror", is a
suitable follow-up for any Unseelie or Seelie oathcircles.

The characters try to leave this scene behind, appalled
that a Shadow Court of this size has gone unnoticed by any
of the nobles. They are disillusioned, but want nothing to
do with the politics of court. Have them stumble upon a
cold iron knife shipment to another city — courtesy of
Lord Yrtalien. Glynnis and Yrtalien plan to havea reenact-
ment of the Iron Knives Massacre — this time Seelie
against Unseelie. What should the characters do?

Ill. "Reflections on
che CDirror

"Temptation—

Why won't you leave me alone?
Lurking Every Corner, Everywhere I go
Self Control —

Don't turn your back on me now


When I need you most

Constant pressures test my will"

— Dream Theater, "The Mirror"

"Reflections on the Mirror" is the third of these stories
set in Hawai'i. While "Echoes of Legend" is a bright,
cheerful story and "Welcome to the Jungle" is like a super-
natural mystery, "Reflections on the Mirror" begins with a
dark and sinister nature that transports one to a realm of
backstabbing and corruption. The story revolves around
Lord Yrtalien's assistant, Glynnis, entreating the characters
to acquire several books. Though the characters may think
they are doing the right thing by assisting Glynnis, they will
quickly find themselves pawns ona large chessboard. Their
assistance will give them the sense of power and in turn
unwittingly allow themselves to be corrupted.

This is a story meant for Unseelie characters who are
freely interacting in the new Shadow Court. Conse-
quently, the Storyteller should make sure she has a good
handle on all the characters' motives in the Unseelie
Court. If the characters are Seelie, this adventure should
be very uncomfortable for them. If the characters went
through the "Welcome to the Jungle" adventure, this
should definitely precipitate the characters' going and
getting help from Queen Aeron.

Theme

"Reflections on the Mirror" is all about the deceitful
and underhanded ways of the Shadow Court. There are
forces beyond the characters' control who use them for
their own means. Beneath all the frivolity and antics,
there is power, and power corrupts. Power gives the ability
to dub someone a noble. Power emboldens the Shadow
Court, and with enough power, the Shadow Court can
overthrow the Seelie Court. Whoever possesses the Im-
mortal Eyes is the one with the power, and there are those
who will do anything to possess them — without even
knowing what they do. Asked to retrieve certain books
and diaries from Prince lien's library and bedroom, the
characters will discover they are not removed from this
power play. Should they give the books to Glynnis? Or
should they try to gamer favor from Prince Yrtalien? It will
ultimately be their decision what they will do with the
knowledge they possess.

The characters should feel the heady rush of power as
they learn some of the potential the Immortal Eyes possess.
Power has its price though. Will they dare to defy Prince
Yrtalien and be destroyed by him, or will they willingly
deliver the information to Glynnis? It is a dangerous road
the characters go down, and they should tread carefully.
This story is about passion, deceit and desire for the
ultimate tool — The Immortal Eyes.

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hut


(Dood

A wild party is taking place in the haunted house on
the hill in Hilo, but the party has a very different atmo-
sphere than you might expect from it. There is an endles
supply ofalcohol, Glamourand sex, but underneath all the
wealth and frivolity, there is a dark shadow looming over
everything. This shadow lies in wait to remind he who
came and usurped her power with her own of her own
desires. She wants his power, and she will do anything to
get it. The characters are naught but pawns in this power
play. Whose pawn will they ultimately be? Their own,
Yrtalien's or Glynnis'?

The mood of this story is very dark, filled with
nebulous choices and grim temptations. Even Unseelie
should feel the cold clutches, not of Banality, but of
duplicity. Who can be trusted when you possess items of
power or the knowledge behind such items? You must
tread carefully, for who knows who will betray whom.
Each character will have to make the choice of with whom.
they are going to share the knowledge they have obtained,
or will they use it to their own benefit? Trying to obtain the
Eyestones themselves will lead to their destruction, but
trying to help Yrtalien or Glynnis consolidate her power
may lead to wealth. Which way to go?

Background

This story takes place after Leigh and her compan-
ions have arrived at the Shadow Court. The Court itself
has been in full swing for about a month. In that time,
Prince Yrtalien has shared news that he hails from Arcadia
and that he plans to bring the Shadow Court back to its
full, real power. Too long has the Shadow Court been
merely a farce, not the true beauty of what it is in Arcadia.
He has called to the Unseelie of Concordia to join him in
his newfound Court, and many have flocked to be with
him. Yrtalien wields his power like a true Lord. He names
tulers on whims, and all the Unseelie love him — or do
they?

Glynis secretly despises the way he has come in and
taken over what she had spent a good amount of time
working on. She no longer leads the Unseelie forces in
Oakmont, but is rather Prince Yrtalien's consort. He
wields the power she, by right, should have. He does not
acknowledge all she has done forhim— the people she has
brought together, the freehold she established. He wields
the power of the Shadow Stone, but she desires it. She has
been watching Yrtalien, trying to ascertain all the Shadow
Stone's powers, and has been waiting for the chance to
make her own move in this large chess game.

Act One

Scene One: Incroduction
co the Court

The characters find them:
Prince Yrtalien. There are many options in how they arrive:

elves in the freehold of

either by visiting the island and noticing it or by being part
of the recruited Unseelie from Hawai'i or San Francisco.
They could also be following up the previous story.

Here, the party lasts 24 hours a day. There isa luscious
garden out back where guests will find places to walk and
enjoy the beautiful landscape, and chimera to hunt and
kill. Within the freehold, alcohol is available like water,
and there is always someone willing to go off in another
room and partake of more carnal activities. Enchanted
mortals serve the Kithain — in any manner they desire.
The house itself is huge and opulent. There are two wings
on either side; the west wing houses Prince Yrtalien and
his retinue, while the east wing comprises the guest quar-
ters, rooms for whomever wishes.

The characters have been in the freehold for only a
few days, arriving either because they have heard of
Yrtalien or as the characters from the previous story. They
have yet to meet Glynnis or Prince Yrtalien, though they
have seen glimpses of both of them. A perceptive charac-
ter may notice Glynnis watching the group surreptitiously
during her various duties. When they arrived in the
freehold, Lord Devlin introduced himself to the characters
and offered the hospitality of the freehold. He gave each
of the characters a room to stay in and offered them use of
the hunting facilities out back.

Gamine takes an active interest in one of the charac-
ters — male or female. She will pursue that character,
flirting and dropping
to capture his attention. She will lavish attention on that

ual innuendoes, trying anything

character, seeming to play favorites among all the others.
The other characters should have the opportunity to
interact with the Unseelie in the freehold, perhaps taking
the opportunity to enjoy the festive atmosphere or hunt
some chimera.

This scene should allow the characters to get a good
handle on the court. It is an opportunity for the characters
to explore their characters and meet some of the more
noteworthy Unseelie as they try to discover who the new
kids on the block are.


BE Scene Two: An Invicanon

The characters will find themselves summoned to

everyone's eye, Miss Congeniality. She was smart and very
attractive and became the captain of the varsity

; : cheerleading team when she was only a sophomore. She
Prince Yrtalien's study to introduce themselves and to get

to know the Prince better. Then invitation is delivered by
a saucy-looking young woman who calls herself Callie. If
any character tries to be friendly toward her, she will
cower, bow and scurry back to the study, making excuses
about Prince Yrtalien not liking dawdlers. The summons
isnot out of the ordin.

was the top of her class in almost everything. Everyone

thought she had the potential to be a model or even a
movie star. Her parents knew Calantha could get into the
very best colleges, and become whatever she wanted to be
and supported Calantha's thoughts of going to the main-
land to study education. But then Callie got a new friend.

for this court, for Yrtalien enjoys

" ¢ She first ei as she waitressed at Hawai'ia

making the acquaintance of every person here. Itiswell- ene meters me he essed at ni : a
+ janiloa Oo » Day. e Was very attractive and had this
known that the appearance of Leigh and heracquaintances Moa on Fillo Bay, Tie was very aes
have taken all of Prince Yrtalien's time of late. presence about him. Thus, when he approached her and

ked if she would consider taking a walk with him, and
As the characters enter, they are overwhelmed by the "i ¢

. she agreed. Walking along the streets of Hilo, he told her
contrast of this room to the others. The walls have floor-to-
about the Kithain and how they were gods. He then gave

her a small coral band as a token of his affection. Accept-
ing the gift, she became enchanted. Now the star of the

ceiling shelves of books ona variety of topics, from mythology
tohistory to erotica. There isa pair of high-back leather chairs

facing each other, as well as a plush love seat off to one side.

high school cheerleading squad serves in the freehold as

An antique rolltop hides in the far corner, beneath the ;
one of Prince Yrtalien's personal favorites
window overlooking the beautiful ocean. Where the rest of py. noth 2. Dexterity 2, S "
ysical: Otreng! 4 extel y 2, Otamina
the freehold house exudes opulence and lushness, this room AVBIGA)S ORTOHEED Es LSSTETEY
is almost the opposite in feel. Callie introduces the charac- Social Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
ters, her voice meek against the strength of Yrtalien. All Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

noises from the rest of the house fade away as she closes the Talents: Athletics 2, Empathy 3, Expression 2

door to the room. Prince Yrtalien was speaking with Glynnis Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Performance 2

as the cl

acters entered, but now rises and greets each — Knowledg
specific character by name. Aside from the characters and Qccult 1, §
Callie, tho:

The prince will extend his greatest thanks to the

Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2,

cience 2

two are the only others in the room.

Backgrounds: Resources 2, Contacts |

1 hi Image: Callie isan extremely attractive young women
characters for answering his rally to the Unseelie, intro- with long, thick auburn hair and hazel eyes. Her frame
lf

he is dressed in a

ducing his consort, Glynnis. He asks the characters what Jeans toward an athletic build, while she carries hers

they think of this mortal friend, Callie, stroking her hair vith the grace and poise of a model.

ashe speaks about her, as ifshe was not there. He willtake hte bikini top, showing off her deep tan, and a long
time to ask each character about themselves, cautiously
garnering their political views and how they feel toward
Duke Aeon, High King David and Queen Aeron. Yrtalien
is everything a sidhe noble should be, smooth, congenial
and charismatic, yet some of the characters should feel like
they are being dissected under a microscope.

Throughout the interview, Glynnis remains silent
next to her Prince. Her eyes are demure, but very watchful.
A successful Perception + Alertness (Difficulty 8) will
alert the character to her interest to the group at hand. She
pays attention to each character's reaction to Yrtalien:
After an exhausting conversation, Prince Yrtalien will bid
the characters good evening, and wish
able time here.

Cathe

Once upon a time, there was a beautiful

them an enjoy-

young lady
named Calantha. But, everyone made fun of her name, so

she had everyone call her Callie. She was the apple of

120 Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on the hu

flowing skirt made out of thin gauze. She always hasa fresh
flower in her hair and around her ankle. She wears a thin
coral band on her right finger that contains Glamour from
Prince Yrtalien. The small pin she wears on her skirt
contains Glamour from Glynnis.

Roleplaying Hints: Prince Yrtalien is just that —
your prince, but in the last few days he has been frightening
you. You have been having horrible nightmares, but he
eems to be right there when you wake up. Usually
modest, you aren't quite sure about your new style of dress,
though it does show off your figure to the best view. He has

med more intimidating, even though you know you

always s

love him. Glynnis has been nice to you, which you find
odd since it is obvious she is Yrtalien's current kith
girlfriend. You are intimidated by all of the magic that is
being thrown around here and consequently don't talk
much at all, unless spoken to first.

You are seen as just another part of the scener
Yrtalien treats you with consideration and respect and
keeps you around during the most important meetings.
You spend many of your nights with him, at least at first.
You understand he has important guests to take care of
within the house. You are aware that he wears a strange
black gem around his neck at all times, never taking it off.
You know he keeps a journal in his desk drawer in his
room, in which he writes daily. You know the library
contains a lot of information, but there is a book that
Yrtalien took out of the library and hid in his room. The
title had something to do with eyes.

Scene Three: An Offer

As the characters leave the library, they are followed
outside by Callie. She hands them a note, curtsying,
telling the group, "I was asked to give you this." She will
wait for the members to open it, in case there are any
further orders. The characters open the parchment and
find delicate handwriting, asking:

030

hohe garden al He

Nhe back Yo wy,

d Z, J we Ch, MW Oflod . ; hier
os ee 7 Diese lor thermore

decision and

Please mel me th

your

We.

Your

The characters should be given a short amount of
time to discuss the note among themselves and tell Callie
their answer. If they decline, Callie will flinch, but nod
accordingly. If they accept, she will curtsy politely and

walk off toward the study. Ifthe characters decline, Glynnis
will find them together at some point later that evening.
She will approach them discreetly, clearly not wish-
ing to meet in the open. She will lead the characters to a
enclosed part of the garden, away from the rest of the
freehold. Chimerical creatures can be seen darting about
the foliage every few minutes, but no other Kithain follow.
Turning to the party, she offers a genuine smile, asking
them first how they are enjoying their stay and making
small talk. After a few minutes, her voice will lower
slightly, and she will ask the characters' views on Prins
Yrtalien. If they respond positively towards Yrtalien, she
will take her second approach and will gently turn the
She will
make claims that she left a book in his room and needs it
back. Lady Glynnis will make the pretense of feeling very
embarrassed by the situation, looking down frequently,

conversation to the subject of a misplaced diar

and thus why she needs newcomers help. She is always
with Prince Yrtalien, hardly ever alone, and thus does not
have the opportunity to retrieve it herself.

If they show any form of discomfort with Prince Yrtalien,
she will confide in them the fact that she knows that he did
not come straight from Arcadia, but rather was a fallen
ery persuasive in her ca: ating that a man
just escaped from prison is not the type of person to

noble. She
who ha
lead this revolution. She is very modest, not stating her own
stake in this matter. She needs some sort of empirical
evidence to use against him and knows that he keepsa diary.
The diary will have the sort of information needed to find
the definite truth. With the diary, there is also a book she
requires to help put this so-called prince in place. She needs
someone else to get the books, for she spends most of her
time under his watchful eyes. She will explain that Lord
Devlin is enchanted by him and cannot be trusted, as are
most of the people in the freehold. The characters alone can
retrieve the needed evidence to dispense of this farce.

In actuality, Glynnis wants the book and diary for
very different reasons. She knows the Eyestones are in-
credibly powerful, but nothing else. She is certain there is
information within those books that will allow her to
possess the gems for herself and claim the title to the
Shadow Court. In the end, she will call upon them to
perform their duty as Unseelie to assist her. If that fails, she
will offer the characters any sum to retrieve the book and
the diary from Prince Yrtalien. Power, dross, chimerical
weapons and armor — nothing is too small of a price for
the items she desires. She figures, if she has the knowledge,
she can get the gem and put Yrtalien in his proper place.

If the characters are Seelie, Glynnis will first try to buy
them off with power—anything their heart desires. Barring
that, she will attempt to blackmail them with the fact that
they have been participating in Unseelie decadence.

Chapter Seven: Scenes


Scene One: Ic Takes a Thief

The nightis crisp. There is a breeze coming up from the
ocean, whispering softly through the trees. Though slightly
chilly, the characters are warmed by the Glamour surround-
ingand within the freehold. The sounds of the freehold seem
distantin the enclosed part of the garden. Glynnis leaves the
characters alone in the garden to discuss among themselves
the proposal, imparting the knowledge that the book is in
the library and the diary is in the left drawer of Prince
Yrtalien's desk. She has told them she will garner any ai
can, but warns them that she is always within his earshot,
and that direct communication is not possible, comment-
ing, "If you wish to, or need to get in contact with me, give
a message to Callie and I will receive it."

The characters should discu
retrieval of the books. Where do they wish to start first?
Are they going to read the books themselves? Greedy
characters may want a bigger slice of the pie than what has
been offered to them. Whatever approach they design, the
characters should establish a definite plan of action detail-
h of

plan of action for the

ing how they wish to approach the acquisition of
the books in question.

Ifthe characters wish to try to find Callie, they locate her
trailing behind Prince Yrtalien and his entourage. She does,
in fact, notice the characters, having been told to keep an eye
onthem by Glynn
point to remove herself from the sidhe's company.

Scene Two: The Liorary

The characters find themselves going into the library
first. If they try to sneak into the prince's bedroom, they
hear moans of pain coming from within. Anyone making
a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 8) will hear the
prince asking, "Do you wish the pain to end?" A tortured
Hopefully the characters
hurry away from the door to escape discovery.

and the prince, but makes no move at this

male voice answers, "Pleas

The library is silent as they enter. The room stands in
perfect order, a small desk lamp the only illumination in
the room. The shadows are long in the room; the chair's
shadow seems to animate on its own. A branch scratches at
the window, breaking the silence of the room. No longer
does this room have the familiar feel it hada few short hours
ago. Now it is a tomb in which the answers can be found,
but carefully. There are several stools about the room, as
well as a wall ladder to assist in reaching the higher levels
of the shelves. The books seem to be in order of subject.

If the characters search the desk, they find little of
import. There are a few ball point pens, pins and paper clips

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hu

in his desk drawer. There is a copy of Fodor's Hawaii neatly
put to one side, opposite several sheets of very find writing
parchment and envelopes to match the paper. An inkwell
sits in the right corner of the desk, a pen in the holder neck
to it. The oak desk is immaculately clean, not thing out of
place. A character who makes a successful Perception +
Alertness roll (difficulty 7) may discover a catch on one of
the upper drawers of the desk. There appears to be some sort
of compartment. A successful Dexterity + Security (diffi-
culty 7) will spring the catch, revealing several ornamental
nfused with Yrtalien's Glamour to be
used as items to enchant both mortals and kith.

pins and coral ring

The characters who study the mythology section will
find a wide variety of books on the subject of religion,
Polynesian culture and Japanese and Celtic and Native
American mythology. All the big-name books are present
on this shelf, as well as many that are not. All are in
not yield a
es of any kind. If the characters check

alphabetical order, but an in-depth search do
book dealing with e
the history section, they will find an account of the sidhe
since returning to this world. Another book contains an
epic ballad about the fate of the Kithain. It details the times
of dreaming, when Glamour flowed freely, through the
Sundering and the Shattering and finally the return.

Ifthe characters have made any attempts to speak with
Callie, this is the place she will approach them. The door
will begin to open slowly. It makes no noise as it does, but
the increased intensity of the sounds from the party should
be a good signal someone is coming through the door. The
characters should react as they will, but they will discover
itis only Callie. She closes the door behind her and calls out
to the characters, asking if they wanted to speak with her.
She will move farther into the room, informing them, "My
orders, from the Lady; I'm supposed to help you if can. Do
you need my help?" At this point, the characters have the
opportunity to ask her any questions they might desire
answers for. She will answeras truthfully as she can, without
harming Prince Yrtalien or Lady Glynnis, both of whom she
is enchanted by. She knows of a book, Immortal Eyes hidden
in the prince's chambers, but will not divulge this informa-
tion unless directly asked.

If the characters do not attempt any contact with
Callie, they will find nothing of great importance in the
room. Discussion with other Kithain around the freehold
will reveal the fact that Yrtalien is always seen witha small
leather pouch around his neck. The rumor is that there is
some sort of stone or necklace within the pouch.

Scene Three: The Bedroom

The characters have a series of choices in attempting
to' gain entry into Lord Yrtalien's chambers. There is a


cantrip lock on the door, requiring a certain set of notes to
be whistled. The area around the chamber is frequented by
the other nobles, and though there are two entrances to the
wing, the nobles only go up the main staircase. If the
characters choose not to engage Callie's assistance, the next
few steps will still occur in the same order. Other enchanted
and Kithain know the key, including Glynis and Siva.
Callie takes the characters through a back staircase to
the east wing of the mansion, seeming fearful. The air isstill,
almost tangible as she walks, moving quickly through the
archway into the spiraling staircase. Only candlelight or
Glamour lights the way, sending flickers along the wall and
shaping phantom monsters. As the characters reach the top
of the staircase, she hushes them. "This is where Prince
Yrtalien and his nobles live. Lady Siva, Lord Devlin and
Lady Glynnisall have rooms on this hall." She peeks around
the corner and then pulls back as she hears Lord Devlin
speaking with someone in the hallway. There is a silence as
footsteps can be heard coming towards the stairwell, only to
turn back as his partner cajoles him to bed. A door opens
and shuts, their voices fading with the door's closure.
The hallway is larger, seeming more like a cavern than
the standard hallway the characters traversed through be-
fore. The feeling of being watched intensifiesas they approach
aset of large oak double doors. If any of the characters reach
forth to open the door, Callie brushes the hand away
quickly, explaining there is a key. She opens the door,
humming a small song. The doors open into a large, very
opulent room that takes up the full side of the hall. There is
ahuge king-size four-poster bed in the center of the room, its
head against the wall on the left. It is covered with pillows
and blankets, all black. A large oak desk sits against the left
wall, the roll-top pulled down over the desk itself. There is
a small bookcase next to it. A pair of high-back leather

chairs face the fireplace, but are spaced far apart. There are

several prints on the wall, varying from Escher to an Impres-
sionist to erotic art. The bed looks like it has been slept in
recently, and the tangy smell of sweat hangs in the air.
Callie stands right inside the door, as if afraid to go
into the room any further. She points to the desk, saying,
"[ think the stuff is in there." The characters may go to the
desk and investigate it. Much of the same items are re-
vealed: letters, stamps, fine parchment paper, sealing wax
but no seal, and an ink well. A successful Perception +
Alertness roll (Difficulty 9) will reveal a small compart-
ment on the side of the desk. Glamour hides it well, and
there seems to be some sort of cantrip key needed to open
it. Any character with Prop 2 and Legerdemain 1 may try
and open it via using a cantrip. The characters can work
together to Gimmix open this panel. Brute force will also
work, but the seal will be broken, and Yrtalien will be aware


of who broke it. Once this has been done, the characters
retrieve a single, leather-bound book. Checking inside,
they find it is indeed Prince Yrtalien's diary. They do not,
however, find any books with the word eyes in the title.

The characters can search around the room foras long
as they wish. They find little of interest, save a chimerical
cube with a picture of the prince and Leigh together in
some land with huge crystal spires in the background.
They seem to be very friendly toward each other. After
some period of time, some character should stumble upon
the book, The Immortal Eyes of SanGrane. Further investi-
gation yields it is a mythology book about some tiger
eye-gems that are reputed to have some magical healing
abilities tied in with immortality. There is little else in it,
but it is the book that Glynnis requested.

As the characters are inspecting the room, the sung
keycan be heard outside the door. The characters have but
a few seconds before a young, attractive satyr enters the
room. She stops as she enters the room, door on handle,
and looks cautiously curious. She will ask, "Hello, my
name is Kree. Now what in the world are you doing here?"
The characters must explain why they are present in the
prince's room. If they are having a hard time, Callie will
interject at the last possible moment that they are here on
the prince's request, retrieving some items for later. Either
way, it doesn't take much to convince Kree to leave.

Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hut

Her interruption should serve asa warning and should
intensify the mood. They should be reminded that they are
in the prince's bedroom and that should he see them,
unpleasant things will occur. Callie will seem very nervous
after she leaves, urging the characters to move as quickly
as possible. She will only seem relieved once they leave the
room with the two books.

Acc Three: Oecisions

Scene One: (Deering in che
Courtyard

The characters now have the books they were asked to

retrieve. Callie will sneak them downstairs, and then inform
them she will tell the Lady they wish to speak with her. She
will seem confused if any character contradicts her, but will
acquiesce to their wishes. The characters return to the small
enclave in the garden. Once more the sounds of the party fade
in the background, and the characters find themselves alone.
They have in their possession Prince Yrtalien's diary and the
book. They have to decide what to do next.

If any character begins reading the journal, allow the
player to read the entries at the end of the story. Closer
inspection of the Immortal Eyes shows it to be nothing more
thana Scandinavian mythology book and of no great import.


The characters should be very confused as to why Glynis
would want it. The characters should be allowed as much
time as possible to decide what they wish to do. They are
fairly certain that confronting Yrtalien would be unhealthy
for the strongest of their group. They have no idea what the
references to the stones are and do not care who Kanani is.

If the characters decide to try and find Leigh, she will
always be with either Yrtalien or another member of her
own oathcircle.

Scene Two: Trapped in the

CDiddle

Unless the characters move quickly tofind Prince Yrtalien,
Glynnis will find them within an hour. Callie has alerted her
to their possession of the books and of where they are in the
freehold. She walks in on the characters with a friendly air as
they are talking, and greets them. She will ask for reaffirma-
tion about the acquisition of the books, standing very poised
and silent. Callie cowers in her shadow, seeming to look over
her shoulder every so often. The characters should respond to
her however they deem fit, but ifthey seem to be stalling, Lady
Glynnis will begin to get miffed and demand the books.

The characters should notice a shadow walking up
behind Glynnis. Callie seems fearful, more so than before,
and Lady Glynnis does not appear to notice. Prince Yrtalien
will step out from the shadows, tsking, "Glynnis, your power
would come in time. I do not take kindly to this deceit. You
forget yourself." Glynnis's face will go white as Prince
Yrtalien will make it seem as if she is in a pool of hot lava.
He will turn to the characters and ask them politely, "Now,
what are you doing with my journal and my book?" He does
not look angry, which alone should unsettle most if not all
of the characters. He will wait patiently for their reply. He
willacceptnothingshort of the truth. Ifany character begins
tolie to him, save a pooka, he will begin to torture them with
cantrips, reminding them that he is the lord of this freehold.

If the characters tell everything, from beginning to
end, he will show leniency toward the characters, possibly
even rewarding them for such honesty. If any character is
willing to flourish the story enough to make Lady Glynis
extremely bad, the prince will consider giving the person
a title as a reward. He is aware of Glynnis's desire to take
from him this power and has been watching for any signs
of underhandedness. He will allow the characters to go
with a minimum amount of pain or anger, though the
characters should leave with the definite sense that to
cross him again would be a very, very bad idea. As they
leave, the sounds of Callie's whimpers and Glynnis's

cream sing in concordance with the wind.

If they characters do not decide to tell him every-
thing, he will begin to influence them, though pain or

persuasion, to tell him everything. He is aware of most of
the details already, including why Glynnis wants the
journal, and thus is
character even insinuates she read the journal, he will set

just looking for a confession. If any

that person's mind on fire and stab him through with a
chimerical sword, ensuring that knowledge of the Immor-
tal Eyes remains with him alone. Any other character who
tries to stop him will receive the same treatment. It is
obvious he does not care what the characters opinions are,
though he would much rather have them working for him
than against him. Ultimately, he tries to win the charac-
ters' loyalty, and if he cannot have that, he will give their
names to the Dauntain to be dealt with later.

If this is the ending your character's choose, they
should leave feeling used. Though they thought they
followed their instructions to the letter, they were pawns.

They were used to try and gain more power, and it failed.

Scene Three: Alcernacive Ending

If the character's seek out Prince Yrtalien, he can be
found in his study, talking quietly with someone. The
characters are made to wait about 10 minutes before being
a dark-skinned man walks out of the room, and the
characters are beckoned to enter. The room is much the
same as before; nothing looks out of order. Prince Yrtalien
is seated in a high-backed chair, and he offers the charac-
ters a seat and some wine.

He will immediately inquire as to what he can do for
them. He is aware of Glynnis's attempt to try and locate
information about the Eyestones, and is aware that these
are the Kithain she singled out. He is a mixture of amused
and curious as to their presence here, for he assumes he
would have to take care of this problem later.

If the characters try to blackmail the prince, it doesn't
work. He will smile faintly and promptly begin to torture
the offending creature, asking the others if there is any-
thing else. If the characters begin explaining from the
beginning the nights events, he will listen with an atten-
tive ear. He will ask questions such as, "She told you I was

nota true prince?"

" with incredulity and bemusement. The
characters should get the impression the Glynnis is noth-
ing more than an irritated noble. He will listen to the
complete tale, asking if they have his journal with them.
Subtly, he will also try and ascertain if any have read any
of the entries. If they have not, they have nothing to fear.

Prince Yrtalien will thank them for their honesty and
reward them all with titles. He will give each person a
token of his esteem or offer some more wine, there by
enchanting each character to him. They will leave minus
the diary and feeling very good about their wonderful host.
Hours later Lady Glynnis and Prince Yrtalien ate nowhere
to be found, but screams emanate from his bedroom door.

Chapcer Seven: Scenes 125


November 10, 1995
She takesme faraway fron the maintandand the preyingeyes ofthe High King. She hasacguiveda
suitable host forme and has shounmemy new castle, Hilrseems toalmost mirror the beauty ofthe
honelerdetome, Thereare tropicalforests, beautipubereataresandmare Glanou-here far the
taking thananywherectse, Thisplace ieacceptable TLD
[fear shallhave towateh ny precious lady, Already [sce the seedofrebellongrowingin here
truardne, She bothlwesmewhocalled toher from beyondandhatesme, Shehas brought to
nearother-sidhe, Devlu, (cantellhe isnot fordofneeither, but then, they donot have to be, They

fostnced to dstenandearryoatny orders,
=

November 15, 1995

The way ue traveledto this standin the seawasoney ‘the oldtreode, [thoughts toaguaint little
Y yp ih

villageand toanunusuatrace of tiithai, Th hey call themselves the Menehuneandhavevery

rtadtive mannerisns, However, the chiof has the Shadoustone, ard/mustretriove that from hin,

Who knows what power Geswithin thatpouerfulobject, /nasthavett,

Vhave beenresearching the stanios of the Menchane andofagoddess worshipped here named Pele,
Perhaps canuse this ta our advantage ?1wibbaffer the chiog sdaughter, Kanani, aplaceof hour
muy cour, Perhapel willgive her the tithe Aubascader, Yes, (bike that, Herplace therewll

prveme: empowerment ‘wer these slow-uitledcommoners,

December: 2, 1995
Dolls! (c ‘am surrounded hy idiots, [ask DevbwandGlynnis tolvingmemy subjects, and they being vo R
meahandfalofMaseetlo—none ofubomareevennoble!> "Arn surrounded by inbectles and

comnoners/ [tooald have turnedout worse, (suppose, Th heyrabledtonyorysoon enough, content DW
toKavage the lacabartists andereate therieounhavoe, Ste [now have seme layabcabjec tewho me
ailspread the newsofmyretara from ‘the Drcaning'andrally others tomy call,


December-6, 1995

Moreanduorelwonder-about those whosurroundne, Today, Devhu dared toinstructmenot to
waste G. Canoure, Towka Cpurcpose AWleare the G: odshere, werubethisearth, anditistine the
others sau itthisway abeo, What goodishaving these powers fue squander them onpetty things?
Weare theralers of thisworld! Th hesepeaple Wreme,

December-11, 1995

The power-of the stares continues tafullycludeme, Questionng Mranani, (have ascertained hating
stone, the Shadoustone, canwardof the effectsof banality, (canabeocontral the shadows around
neardnove through them, (musttry itepowersauay frannydatifulpets, Thoughaseful, (
wonder-how layal the feaielady Glyanistoraby,

TheseoondLyestone, the keystare, ‘cin leighnara spassession, [he possessor can gpen any
portabuith thiestone, [am told, How nissher laugh, her-smile, her strength, (ancertainitaill

beonlyashoret while before she iedeaun ta thiccity, foronereasonor another, ardthen/ wil
weleome her-intomy hone,

Auother-roteognterest; itecemsanew guest, asidke names Chevaler, seems topocsess onc op the

other stones, Hou fortuitous indeed, (shallhave tospeak with hin laterrand firdoutwhat he knows
about thesemystoriousstones,

December 12,1995

Whata day for-events, Lleighnaraichere in town, (have spoken with her-andinvitedher-andher
companions tomy frechald, She does, indeed, possess the emeraldknounas the (teystore, lt
gppearsshe hasas little information about the -gemsas! do, Howe look forward! tosceingher
once more, [ime hasseparatedus too lang,

leseems the knight, Kyder., pascesses the sepphivegem, Heishidug something from me,
Latantibather- matters have been taken care off, [cannot worry about hin, Hekeepsto
hinselgand tohisroom, [his /havenofear of (willlearn what the gem does i tine,

Chapcer Seven: Scenes


The Menehune are related to the Nunnehi, a large

group of fae closely tied to the indigenous cultures of
hunter-gatherer humans. They have refused to change
with the rest of the world, bravely resisting modernity and
all its Banality. They cling to the few native cultures who
still eke out traditional lives around the world, in the
distant jungles or mountains not yet trammeled by

technogical society.

The Menehune are native to the South Pacific, the
children of the Polynesians' dreams. They can be found on
Easter Island, Tahiti and especially on Hawai'i. They have
close cousins on New Zealand and New Guinea.

Like all the Nunnehi, regardless of culture or family,
the Menehune are cut off from the Dreaming to a more
drastic degree than the Western changelings. They can no

longer gain any Glamour from it whatsoever and must rely
instead on the Glamour of nature and the spirit world.

When they first realized their entrapment in the
world, they sought aid from spirits, whom they believed to
be the remnants of an older, very powerful dream. Some
claim spirits are the dreams of Gaia, while others claim
they are the long-forgotten dreams of primitive humans —
oreven the dreams of living humans, denied and repressed,
trapped in a seperate world. Regardless, they allied with
many spirits, usually those of plants and stones, and
through them they can gain some Glamour from the
natural world. Some Menehune can even step into the
spirit world (see below).


CDenehune Character

Creation

The following guidelines are for creating Menehune
characters for use by the Storyteller or player in any
Hawai'ian-based chronicle.

Camp

This replaces Court for Menehune changelings. Be-
cause Menehune fall outside the Seelie/Unseelie framework
of mainstream changeling society, those terms are not rel-
evant to them. Instead, Menehune fall into one of two
camps: Feast and War. These reflect the two natures repre-
sented in their culture. The former represents peaceful,
agrarian behavior associated with the god Lono and other
Earth fertility deities. The latter represents a more violent
aspect, associated with the war god Ku and all the arts of war.

As with Seelie/Unseelie aspects, Menehune can shift
between these two camps and often do. During the four
months of the Makahiki, most Menehune are of the Feast, but
some shift to the War for the other eight months of the year.

Legacy

Like other changelings, Menehune characters have
dual Legacies — one to reflect their Feast nature, the other

to represent their War-nature. Common Feast Legacies
include Chief (similar to Regent), Healer (Saint), Farmer
(Bumpkin), Crafter, and Wise One (Sage). War Legacies
include Warrior (Paladin), Hoarder (Rogue), Outcast
(Outlaw, Wretch or Grotesque), Raider (Savage or Beast),
and Wanderer (Wayfarer).

Seeming

Menehune have the same three age-related seemings
as other changelings, but they refer to childling as keiki iki,
wilders as kanaka and gramps as kumu

Calling

Instead of being divided into kith, as the Western
changeling are, the Menehune follow social divisions.
Since each Menehune is born into a particular calling
(choice has nothing to do with it), a Menehune's birth
calling is considered divinely ordained and unchangeable.
Unlike Western fae society, the Menehune have never
suffered societal upheaval or dissent over their customs. In
other words, there is still a clear separation between nobles
and commoners.

Thenoblesare the ali'iand the kahuna, while the hana
and the kokua are commoners (Maka'ainana).


Like the sidhe, ali'i are born to rule. Unlike the sidhe,
they rarely let this go to their heads. They are fair and wise
rulers, realizing fully the circle of life and the contributions
of commoners. The ali'i come from one of the royal
bloodlines that once produced Menehune kings on each
island. Kamehameha's empire never reached the
Menehune, and they were never forcibly united under one
king. They now willingly recognize one chief above all
others, usually the representative of Kaua'i's traditional
bloodline. But sub-chiefs can come from the royal lines of
O'ahu, Maui, Moloka'i and Hawai'i. There is no royal line
from Lana'i.

Each village has a chief. Today, there is only one
village, and so all ali'i except the chief of that village have
become sub-chiefs, advisors to the head chief. However,
mysteriously, fewer and fewer ali'i have been born to new
generations (unlike the sidhe, the ali'ibecame changelings
with the rest of their people long ago).

The ali'i are bearers of the Menehune's Glamour,
which they call mana. Instead of balefire, ceremonies and
feasts during the yearly Malahiki games invest theali'i with
Glamour, which they apportion to the people throughout
the year until the next Malahiki.

Appearance

Like sidhe, ali'i are beautiful people. Their complex-
ions are smooth, and their skin golden or deep brown.
Their teeth are brilliant white and shining, and their
smiles wide and happy. Unlike the sidhe, their laughter is
full and hearty with no hint of sadness. Most male ali'i are
well-muscled and proportioned as warriors while female
alii can be portly. They usually wear feather cloaks.

Seemings

¢ Keiki iki are bright and happy. All their needs are
seen to, and they want for nothing. While some can be
tempermental, it is rare.

© Kanaka are boastful and competitive. They are just
coming into their responsibilities and look forward to
them (unlike many Western fae), but they playfully test
others around them, seeking to hone their own skills of
leadership.

¢ Kumu are mature and regal. They are expected to
lead their people well, and they usually take this seriously.
But this maturity does not mean the death of dreams and
magic, for the ali' iis in charge of ensuring the people never
know a lack of Glamour. Many do succumb toa sadness at
the people's current state of affairs, but a bout of surfing
usually dispels this.

Lifescyles

Allali'i hold influence over their people, even if they
are sub-chiefs. They are expected to advise the high chief
and lead by example. They keep themselves socially sepa-
rate from the commoners, but this is more to reinforce
their magical purity rather than from a sense of disdain.

Affinicy

Fae

Birchrights

© Awe and Beauty — As the sidhe birthright.

© Glamour Vessel — Ali'i can hold quadruple their
normal Glamour rating in temporary points. These points
must be invested into the ali'i from other Menehune. This
is done only during the annual Malahiki fea: ticipat-
ing Menehune spend temporary points, and they are
"stored" by the chosen ali'i. The alii cannot use these
points himself; instead, other Menehune can draw from
this well of Glamour to fuel their cantrips (or any other
use). The Menehune can only do so with the permission
of the ali'i, and they must be within 50 feet of him.


Lralcies

 Banality's Curse — Like the sidhe frailty.

 Sacrosanct— Since Menehune do not have balefire
toenliven their freeholds, the ali'i's stored Glamour is very
important to get them through banal times. If Banality
ever effects an ali'i, much of this stored Glamour is de-
stroyed (five points per point of Banality the ali'i gains).
Thus, alii must be wary.

Stepping on anali''s shadow will destroy one point of
Glamour (stored Glamour first, then the ali'i's own Glam-
our), and for this reason, it is taboo. Also, when an ali'i
walks pasta commoner, his retinue will blow conch horns.
Any commoner who does not bow before the ali'i destroys
one point of Glamour; this is also taboo.

"You dare come before me like this? You are from far
lands and have strange ways, but this does not excuse your
rudeness. Bow now, and then we will talk."

Ouclook

© Kahuna — Without their wisdom, we
could not have survived so long.

© Hana— Itis good tosee the people happy.
When they make things from their hearts, they
are happy. We are happy.

© Kokua — Honest and brave. They will
help defend us from those who would destroy us.

 Kithain— They area diverse people. One
never knows what to expect from each of their
different kith.


RRATWAT

The kahunas are the mystical lore-keepers of the
Menehune. Their wisdom is vitally important to the
Menehune, moreso these days than in times past, for they
are the intermediaries between the spirits and the people.
While each Menehune may have an alliance with a
particular totem, the kahunas are necessary to make tribal
and place-specific alliances, to ordain or abandon he' iaus
as necessary, and to divine bad omens from the spirit
world.

The Menehune system of taboos is regulated by the
kahunas. Using evidence from the spirit world or from
other divinations, they can agree to change the taboos
within a given year (unlike with traditional Hawai'ians).
Only if a majority of kahunas agree will these new taboos
be announced. To announce one without consensus risks
people following the new taboo and thus breaking old
taboos — a cycle of bad luck is begun.

A kahuna also knows how to appease the spirits when
taboos are broken. In the past, the spirits would often
require the death of the perpetrator, even if it was a
Menehune. But in these times of dwindling population,
the kahunas are hesitant to do so. They have so far found
other sacrifices to appease the spirits.

Kahunas often spend timing gathering lore in particu-
lar areas, whether it be astrology, plant lore, animal lore or
whatever other field of knowledge would be useful in
interpreting the needs of the spirits.

Appearance

Kahunas come in many physical varieties: short, tall,
fat, thin. Their eyes are what set them apart, for the stars
are reflected in them. In the dark, their eyes will shine with
the light of the stars that they have gazed on so deeply.
They usually wear robes or other ceremonial clothing.

Seemings

© Keiki iki are different from normal children. They
go off by themsel
waves and the trees. They feel a calling that they cannot
put words to yet.

and stare for hours at the stars, the

© Kanaka are questioning. They will ask "why" of
many things (careful, however, not to break taboo in
doing so).

© Kumu are calmer and know their place in life.
Many of their questions have been answered, and they
spend the rest of their days knowing more fully what they
already know.

Lifescyles

Kahunas like to seek out sacred or naturally pure
places to mediate. It is in these quiet places that nature and
the gods show their wills. Wisdom can come in many
forms: the leap of a fish, the fall of the rain on palm leaves,
the dance of a bird in the morning. A kahuna is ever-
watchful for the omens all about her.

Affinicy

Nature

Birchrighzs

* Break Taboo — A kahuna may break a taboo and
get away with it. This may only be done once per month
and must not be done with disrespect. There must be a
good reason to break the taboo. The kahuna spends one
Glamour point; if she does not, then Kapu'akua (see
Chapter Two) will chase her.

© Spirit Speech — All kahuna can speak with spirits
and understand their language. Other Menehune can only
understand their particular totems, but the kahuna can
speak and listen to all spirits.


Railcies

© Omens — A kahuna's ability to hear spirits some-
times distracts her from the world at hand, as she cate!
stray whispers from the other world. TI
cause trances in which the kahuna attempts to
divine some omen out of the stray words brought
on the wind.

, Cuoce

"The omens are clear: You are the taboo-
breaker, and it is you who have brought ill luck to
us all. You must appease Pele by going to her — to
her very womb."

o Ouclook @
© Ali'i — Our chiefs are mighty. With-

out their mana, we would be a poor people
indeed. Only they can protect the magic of
the people... with our help.

© Hana— They work within the will of
nature, forming and shaping the world as
necessary. All is right.

© Kokua — Competitive and noisy, but
necessary to protect us from outsiders.

© Kithian — They are a very divided
people. Their commoners do not respect the
nobility, and their nobility do not respect the
commoners.


Like boggans or nockers, the hanaare the craftspeople
of the Menehune. It is they who built the famous plat-
forms, ditches and he'iau scattered throughout the islands
that so greatly puzzle archaeologists. Despite their name,
farmers and common fishers are also members of this

ling, which make up the most numerous of the
Menehune. Their many crafts include not just structures,
but canoes, cloaks, leis, weapons, ete.

Hana are always busy with some project, and they
often work together in groups. One hana may have singing
or poetry as her craft and will practice this while others
work around her, providing musical accompaniment to
the daily chores.

And there are many chores. The Menehune live in a
subsistence culture, and besides gathering theirneeds from

the environment, they must spend time with humans who

follow the old ways, teaching these humans not to forget.

The hana are the heart of the Menehune. Without
them, chiefs, priests and warriors would be useless. Why
rule an empty village? Why propitiate the spirits when no
one has angered them? Who is there to fight for without
the hana?

But this fact is often forgotten by the other callings,
and the hana must patiently remind them, usually through
pranks. It is not against taboo to disassemble the high
kahuna's grass hut around himas he sleeps, nor to serve the
chief bitter fruit. Likewise, when a warrior's tunic rips too
easily (and embarassingly) or his surfboard cracks, tum-
bling him into the sea, it is not against any law.

Appearance

Not unlike boggans, hana are most often portly and
short. They are a jolly people, content for the most part
with their lot in life. They are social and work well
together, except for kokua, who they distrust. Most often,
they can be found wearing traditional Hawai'ian clothing

Seemings
° Kei

things and playing with them, trying to figure them out

ki are playful and curious, always picking up

© Kanaka are dedicated and ready to throw them-
selves into the task as hand. During this time, hana choose
one craft to specialize in.

© Kumu are masters of their chosen craft and are well
regarded for it by all. They are ready to relax in this phase
of life and tutor younger hana.

Lifescyles

Hana can be found wherever their craft takes them:
searching the forests for materials, carving canoes on the
shore, collecting flowers for leis, stoking up a fire for
roasting pigs, or just about any other activity that makes up
the life of a traditional Hawaiian commoner.

Affinicy

Prop


Birchrights

© Craftwork — Similar to the boggan birthright.
When hana work together, they can build just about any
traditional structure in one night, as long as they are not
witnessed by any banal observers.

Fraitcies

© Abandonment — If for some reason a hana cannot
finish his task in the time he declares at the start of the
task, he will leave it uncompleted and never return to it.
Any other hana who attempts to finish it risks suffering
Banality.

Cuoce
"Bue down your'sword. 1am but a'simple fisher: I'can
do jou mio harm: Go find another to prove your pride to."

Ouclook

© Ali'i— Our chiefs are powerful people.
They are charitable but we must not risk their
wrath or harm their mana.

© Kahuna — The priests are scary. They
break taboos, and this may bring danger on usall.

* Kokua — They take their duty too

pridefully. They are more dangerous than
helpful.

© Kithain — They have many skilled
craftsmen andartisansamongtheirkind. There
is much we could learn from them.


Kokua are the warriors of the Menehune, those who
are born to defend the people from their enemies. While
in the past their enemies were often other Menehune
villages, today the kokua guard against humans and West-
ern fae. It is a hard job and requires long hours of patience
when on guard duty or when watching humans from afar.
For this reason, kokua play hard when off duty, choosing
sports or activities that hone athletic skills.

Surfing (he'enalu, or "sliding on a wave") is a favorite
of theirs. Among ancient Hawai'ians, this sport was re-
served for kings, but it was too popular among the kokua to
be declared taboo among them. So, kokua can often be
found mixing with mortals on surfing beaches, searching
for the highest waves.

A kokua is not necessarily of the War camp, for they
can be defenders of the peace and the fields as well as
soldiers. In the past, many warriors would ally with fish
totems, such as Shark, rather than plants. But the scarcity
of these sea animals of late has caused many Menehune
kokua to instead ally with rock totems.

Most kokua use clubs as their weapons, but the hon-
ored among them sometimes have shark-tooth swords
(especially those whostill follow Shark). (These swords do
Strength +2 in damage.)

Appearance

Kokua are physically fit and look it. They appear to be
perfect physical specimens. They often wear only a loose
tunic (both males and females) — the better to show off
their tatoos.

Seemings:

¢ Keikiiki are boisterous and competitive. They fight
with other kokua to see who is the best at everything.

 Kanaka are wild but more disciplined than when
younger. They know the penalties for not following the
ali''s orders, but can still sometimes forget.

¢ Kumu are mature, disciplined and deadly. Their
battle skills are well-honed but they are less energetic,
preferring sometimes to go fishing rather than fighting.

L esctyles

Kokua form small societies or groups, and one in each
group rises as the natural leader — usually the best athelete
among them. These groups often fight with each other,
sometimes in moc' sometimes in real wars, as some-
one gets angry and can't control himself. If this is forbidden
by the alii (which is onl
way, all who fight are considered to have broken taboo.

Affinicy

Actor

ometimes) and happens any-

Birchrighcs

© Swift — Kokua are faster and quicker than the

average Menehune (all begin with one extra dot in Dex-
terity).

Prailcies

* Cruel — Kokua have trouble governing their
emotions. They sometimes cannot stop their anger. They
become cruel, killing their enemies rather than capturing
them, sometimes in excessive we ich as forcing them

off cliffs to die on sharp rocks below.



‘Aumakua(Tocems)

Each Menehune has a spiritual connection with a
totem spirit. Their close ties to nature have granted them
the ability to contact the totems of plants (including
trees), rocks and bodies of water. Typical Hawai'ian to-
tems include palm trees, Mokihana berries and trees, ‘o'hio
trees, lava, waterfalls, etc. Examples of some totems are
given below (see "Menehune Totems").

Contacting a totem spirit marks the "coming-of-age"
of a Menehune. By the time a Menehune is aware of her
faerie nature, she has usually received some indication of
the identity of her totem — either through a dream or
visionquest or by frequent contact with physical manifes-
tations of the totem.

For example, as a kahuna keiki iki, Rushing Water
became lost in the forest after a volcanic eruption, separat-
ing her from her friends. When her family found her,
Rushing Water was sleeping peacefully beneath the shel-
ter ofa ‘o'hio tree. Later, Rushing Water dreamed of taking
a trip in a beautiful ‘o'hio wood-carved canoe. These
occurrences seemed to indicate to Rushing Water and to
the elders of her village that she had an affinity with the
‘O‘hio totem.

AMenehune preparing tocontacther totem spirit for
the first time must prepare herself with a hula and luau,
chanting and giving thanks to the spirit. The Menehune
then places herself in the presence of a physical represen-
tation of her totem. A kahuna (usually one with the same
totem or whose totem is also physically manifested in the
chosen location) then steps sideways, taking the aspirant
with her into the Umbra (see below). Once there, the
Menehune seeking contact must chant to the totem to
draw it to her.

Totem alliance is "purchased" through a new Back-
ground Trait: Totem:

Menehune gain the following advantages from a
totem alliance:

¢ A Menehune'salliance with a totem is necessary for
her to be able to enter the Umbra; without it, she cannot
step sideways, no matter her Arts or Realms.

¢ A Menehune gains certain adjustments to her
Advantages and/or Abilities, depending on the totem she
allies with (see the description of the particular totem).

© The totem comes in the form ofa relationship with
the totem spirit itself, practiced through stewardship of
the totem's material children (palm trees for the Palm
totem, lava flows for the Lava totem, etc.).

The Gaunclec

The Gauntlet is an invisible barrier that
separates our world from the world of spirit —
also known as the Umbra. The gauntlet is in a
sense related to Banality in that it is thicker in
some places and thinner in others. It is at its
thickest in places where science and technology
hold sway (cities, industrial parks, waste dumps)
and thinnest in natural places (forest glades,
virgin forests, high mountain peaks). The thicker
the Gauntlet, the harder it is for one to enter the
spirit world at that point.

Stepping Sideways

Menehune with totem alliances (there are few with-
out one) can step sideways into the Umbra. This requires
Wayfare 3 (Portal Passage) or higher and Nature 2 (Ver-
dant Forest). The Menehune must be in the presence of
her totem material (lava for the Lava totem, etc.). The
Menehune "walks into" her totem material — by stepping
ina river, plunging intoa stand of palm trees, or disappear-
ing into a molten lava flow.

ABunk must be performed, but the number of successes
is not automatic; the player must roll dice to see if his
character succeeds or not, and then the maximum number
ofsuccessis limited by the Bunk played. Thus, the Menehune
rolls Wits (for Wayfare) + Mythlore (for Nature). The
difficulty for this passage is equal to the Gauntlet (see
below), the wall between the worlds. However, this diffi
culty is adjusted according to the relative purity of the
Menehune's totem material. Impure materials add one to
three to the difficulty, depending on how tainted the mate-
rials are. Pure materials likewise subtract one to three from
the difficulty, depending on how clean the materials are.

For instance, Big Stick of the Menehune finds himself
in Honolulu and wishes to enter the Umbra. His totem is
Palm, so he finds a palm tree along the crowded beaches.
It has grown up "breathing" car smog and is somewhat
wilted. The Gauntlet is eight here, and the Storyteller

adds two to Big Stick's difficulty due to the impure totem

material. Big Stick's difficulty is 10 — it's almost impos-
sible for him to cross over here.

‘A Menehune can bring other changelings into the
Umbra with him. He must have the Fae Realm of the
appropriate level (1 for commoners, 2 for nobles) and
spend one Glamour point for every person brought over.
A\ll those stepping sideways must hold hands.


Gaunclec

Area Typical Gauntlet
Science lab

Inner city

Most places

Rural countryside

Deep wilderness

Typical active freehold 4
Modifiers Difficulty
Impure totem material +1to +3
(toxic streams, wood or

stone that has been

carved or worked,

trees "breathing" excess

ive smog, etc.)

Pure totem material

(fresh mountain springs,

old-growth trees, etc.)

Scepping Sideways
Successes Shift Time
Botch "Caught"

0 Failure; may not
try again for
another hour

One 5 minutes

Two 30 seconds

Three + Instant

"Caught" means that the Menehune is tem-
porarily suspended between the physical world
and the Umbra. She cannot move until assisted
by another Menehune who can step sideways or
a Garou. Although the Menehune can neither
beseen nor be attacked by physical denizens, evil
spirits wander the Gauntlet looking for such
trapped spirit travelers. After an hour has passed,
the Menehune can again try to complete the
travel. If that fails, he cannot leave on his own.
Ifhe is not found and pulled through by another
Menehune or Garou, he will be caught forever.

A changeling who cannot step sideways may find
himself caught in the Umbra ifhis guide leaves him. In this
case, he may search out a trod (an ancient faerie path in
the spirit world) and return to the physical world from
there. But this is a long and dangerous task.


The Menehune's ability to enter the Umbra provides
them with many advantages. Banality is rare in the Um-
bra, usually only prevalent around areas of high Gauntlet.

While in the Umbra, Menehune can "peek" into the
physical world by rolling their Glamour against the Gaunt-
let of the area.

Ancient trods exist in the Umbra, old spirit realms
and domains of faerie power from before the gates to
Arcadia closed. These have been empty for many centu-
ties, unvisited by the fae. Some Menehune have sought
these places out and use them to gain Glamour or expunge
Banality, allowing them a connection to the Dreaming
they otherwise do not have. However, the journey to these
far off trods is usually fraught with danger, for many evil
spirits see changelings as a tasty snack.

Abdilicies

New Talents for Menehune include Swimming and
Throwing. Skills include Animal Ken, Canoeing, Climbing,
Dancing (hula or otherwise), Fishing, Herbalism, Hunting,
Meditation, Singing, and Surfing. Knowledges include Ani-
mal Lore, Area Knowledge, Plant Lore, Spirit Lore and
Traditions. Menehune do not usually possess modern Abili-
ties such as Streetwise, Drive, Computer and Science.

Backgrounds

With the exception of Title, Menehune characters
may have any of the standard changeling Backgrounds. In
addition, Menehune characters may possess the Back-
ground: Familiar Spirit, which gives a bond of friendship
withan Umbralspirit, usually an animal. (See The Werewolf
Players Guide for a description of this Background.)

Arcs

Although Menehune characters may possess any of
the standard changeling Arts, they are more apt to special-
ize in Primal, Soothsay and Wayfare.

Realms

Menehune magic affects the same realms as the magic
of standard changelings

Bunks

Like other changelings, Menehune must perform spe-
cificactions, or Bunks, in orderto invoke their enchantments
(called cantrips). Most Menehune Bunks are drawn from
tribal customs, although some Bunks are more general. The
following list of Bunks is arranged by the Art to which they
are most closely affiliated, although any Bunk can be effec-
tive to invoke the use of any Art. The Storyteller should feel
free to create additional Bunks for Menehune characters.


Level

Level

Level

coos

eocce

Level

o Chicanery Bunks

Bunk

Knot-tying: Fashionan elaborate knot
out of rope or twine.

Chant: Intone a tribal chant.
Lono Gift: Touch subject with a
piece of food.

Sing: Sing a song describing your
intentions.

Storytelling: Make up a story and
tell it.

Legerdeman Bunks

Bunk

Sign Language: Sign or mimic your
intentions.

Weaving: Weave together several
strands of reeds, grasses or string.
Molda Doll: Shape a doll from mud.
Shake: Perform a vigorous dance.
Shapes in the Sand: Draw shapes in
the sand or dirt.

Primal Bunks

Bunk

Animal Seeming: Mimic the actions
of an animal.

Paint: Paint a petroglyph on a
nearby object.

Broken stick: Point a stick at your
foe and break it.

Shark Tooth: Fetch a shark's tooth.
Touch your finger to its tip when you
wish to enact the Bunk.

Totem Carving: Fashion a totem
figure from wood.

Soochsay Bunks

Bunk

Gift of the Feather: Give yoursubject
a feather from a "lucky" bird.

Stick Throw: Throw a club orstick
in the direction of your foe. You
need not try to actually hit your foe.
Listen to the Wind: Cup your hand
around your ear and try to hear the
sound of the wind.

Read the Sands: Dribble colored
sand onto the ground and read the
patterns they form.

Ordeal: Hold yourhand inan open
flame or perform some other test of
your physical mettle.

Sovereign Bunks

Level

Bunk

Poi pot: Dip your finger in a pot of
poi, pull itoutand lick the poi from
your finger.

Announce Your Prowess: Boast
about your strongest talents.
Remember the Ancestors: Recite
your lineage as completely as
possible.

Invoke the Spirits: Formally address
the spirits of the unseen world and
ask their blessing on your endeavor.
Lu'au: Offer your target something
of true value, by burying it near or in
your subject if your subject isaplace
or inanimate thing.

(Uayfare Bunks

Level

oe

Bunk

Pull on the Cloak: Ritually adorn
yourself with a feather cloak.
Beat the Drum: Beat a small skin
drum.

Palm Painting: Paint the scene you
envision on palm leaves with natural
dyes and a feather.

Wings of the Hawk: Hold three
hawk feathers in each hand.
Hula: Execute the steps of an
intricate hula dance.


Glamour and Banalicy

Because they are able to tap the natural world for
Glamour, Menehune tend to have slightly higher levels of
beginning Glamour than other changelings; the Story-
teller should award one additional dot of Glamour to her
Menehune characters. Conversely, they are more susce
tible to Banality. When away from natural settings, difficulty
factors for enchanting others are increased by one.

Gachering Glamour

Since they are severed from the Dreaming, Menehune
cannot easily gather Glamour from human creativity
(difficulties are raised by two, unless the activity is from an
indigenous culture, such as a Hawai'ian traditional hula
dance or uma wrestling match). Instead, they mainly draw
Glamour from Gaia Herself. A Menehune's current Legacy
determines the way in which she replenishes her supply of
Glamour. Feast People gather Glamour from natural phe-
nomenon, such as trees and rocks, while War People get
theirs from animals, especially hunting animals like pigs or
fish. A pig hunt among young Menehune War People is

sure to bring much Glamour (as will a pig hunt by native

Hawai'ian park rangers trying to control the boar popula-
tion by hunting). All Menehune may gather Glamour

from pure water (through Harvesting, below). In addition,
ali'i may gather Glamour from the bones or other physical
remains of dead (perhaps slain) chieftains or other power-
ful people (which includes movie stars or politicians). The
bones will provide a certain amount of Glamour over a
number of years (similar to dross) as long as they are
ritually kept and are not seen or touched by mortals.

As with other changelings, Glamour may be obtained
by Menehune in one of three ways.

Harvescing

This slow method of gathering Glamour is the
Menehune equivalent of Reverie. In order fora Menehune
to use this means of refreshing her supply of Glamour, she
must locate a naturally occurring source. In general, it is
not possible for Menehune to gather Glamour within the
confines ofa city, even when in the presence of a possible
source. Plants grown in hothouses or cultivated gardens,
Christmas tree farms, rock gardens or rivers flowing through
the center of a city do not provide Glamour sources for
Menehunesince they are usually so influenced by Banality
or simply too tainted.

System: Once she has located her source, the
Menehune must spend at least one hour in contact with
the source (dangling her feet or fingers ina flowing stream,


sitting at the foot of or in the branches of a tree, climbing
or sitting upon a rock or inside a stone cave, or relaxing in
a field of flowers). The Menehune character then rolls
Wits + Kenning (difficulty 7). One point of Glamour may
be gathered for each success, provided the Menehune has
spent at least one hour per success surrounded by her
Glamour source. This process may only occur once per day
and the same source may not be used more than once per
moon's phase (i.e., a maximum of two times per month).

Raiding

Alternatively, a Menehune may attempt torip Glam-
our from a natural source. This process, known as Raiding,
is the Menehune version of Ravaging. Although doing so
reduces the amount of time that must be dedicated to the
process, a Menehune using this method also runs the risk
of increasing her Banality.

System: The Menehune must be somewhat familiar
with the source from which she intends to wrest Glamour.
She rolls her Banality rating (difficulty 6). The number of
successes equals the number of points of Glamour gained.
A botch gives the Menehune a permanent point of Banal-
ity and may harm the subject of the Raiding in some way:
a living plant may die, a body of water may become
polluted, etc.

Blessing

This is the Menehune method of achieving Rapture.

The process of Rapture allows a changeling to receive
Glamour froma work of herown creation. Since Menehune
cannot inspire themselves in this manner, they have
discovered a way to use their connection with the Umbra
toachieve a similar ecstasy through the blessing of a totem
spirit. This may only be attempted at the changing of the
seasons (four times a year).

System: The Menehune must first undergo a ritual
purification. When she is ready, she attempts to summon
her totem spirit by offering it a song, story, dance, lu'au or
other artistic form. The totem spirit will usually answer
such a summons, although it will remain in the Umbra
nearby. When the spirit is present, the Menehune rolls the
appropriate Attribute + Ability score for her gift to the
spirit (difficulty 7). The number of succes
number of Glamour points gained directly from the totem

s indicates the

spirit. Five successes awards the Menehune a permanent
point of Glamour. A botch causes the spirit to flee and
gives the changeling two points of temporary Banality.
The Menehune may not try again for a Blessing until the
next season change.

CDenchune Tozems

The spirits of plants, minerals and the elements are
frequently willing to adopt Menehune as their charges. It
is this relationship with these Umbral beings that enables
Menehune to step sideways. The totem spirits detailed
below should give Storytellers ideas for designing their
own Menehune totems for use in Hawai'ian chronicles
Menehune may ally with any Garou totem (at half
the Background Cost). However, it is rare for them to
choose animal totems, since they would then have to be in

the presence of that animal to enter the Umbra.

(Dokiham

Background Cost: | (Garou 2)

Mokihani is a beautiful tree and berry totem. Her
perfume makes everything she touches beautiful. What
nds the
wonder and magic of Gaia in a way most foreign plants

would a pretty lei be without her? She under:

have forgotten. She teaches that there is no need to fear
nature and that joy comes from embracing it.

Traits: Menehune accepted by Mokihani gain two
points of Etiquette and an additional point of Appearance.

(Garou gain the above plus the Gift: Scent of Sweet
Honey.)

Ban: Mokihani requires her children to protect her
trees. Children of the Mokihani must never use leis or other
adornments without rubbing her berries onto them first.

Lava

Background Cost: 4 (Garou 7)

Lava is the maker of the world. Her substance will one
day become the hard rock of the earth. But that is in the
future; for now, Lava is fluid and mobile, perhaps the only
rock totem that understands change and movement. She
is a hot totem, coming so recently from Gaia's womb, and
can cough out clouds of gas she brings with her.

Traits: Lava grants her Menehune the ability to
shapeshift into molten lava. This amazing ability costs the
Menehune one Glamour point per turn he is in this shape.
While molten, the Menehune can flow into cracks and he
is seeringly hot; he will ignite anything flammable over
which he flow

(Garou gain a Gift that allows them a similar power;
it is called Gaia's Blood.)

Ban: Lava demands that her children never flee from
an enemy but keep moving onward — inexorably, unstop-
pable,


Shark

Background Costs'3.(Garou'6)

Shark isthe ultimate hunter, vicious and unforgiving
of those who invade his territory. He is primal, unchanged
since his beginnings. Gaiamade him perfect from the stare,
so he is immune to time.

Traits: Shark endows his Menehune with two points

in Brawl and one extra point of Stamina. However, his
children lose one point of Charisma.
(Garou gain the Gift: Gorge, which allows them to
low a foe whole. They will be left unharmed by Rokea
sharks.)
Ba ark requires his children to defend the seas as
his territory: destroy anyone or anything that harms it.

Chronology of Shadows
on che I hill

Prelude — November 5, 1995
Yrtalien and Glynnis leave San Francisco for a desti-
nation in the "west." (Although it is not stated, they are,

in fact, going to Hawaii.)

Chapter One — December 1, 1995

1. The characters meet at the Toybox Coffee Shop.
Leigh is the last to join them, informing them that Duke
Aeon wishes to meet with them at their "earliest conve-
nience."

2. The group travels to the duke's palace, where Aeon
himself greets them at the door.

3. Aeon tells the group that he has received word that
more information concerning their quest lies with a group
of kithain north of San Francisco, near Point Reyes.
Morgan has a waking dream in which two swanlike boats
—one black and one white— pursue each other across the
sea. Rasputin intimates that this may be the beginning of
a longer journey.

Chapter Two — December 2, 1995

1. Fizzlewig holds an early Yule celebration for the
group.

2. Cyprian Ryder (also known as Chevalier) finds a
book which leads him to make contact with a woman
named Signe Henderson. Asa result, his memories return.

3. The characters exchange gifts — some of which
will be significant to them in the future. In particular,
Morgan's gift to Tor is a small photo album of photographs
of herself and her parents during the period of Tor's
banishment from the Daniels family.


4. Glynnis and Yrtalien anticipate the eventual ar-
rival of the group — and Yrtalien expresses his hope that
he can win them to his cause.

5. The group heads north along Highway 1, straight
intoan ambush by Blade anda group of obviously Unseelie
kithain. They are nearly defeated and Tor is almost lost to
Banality, but are rescued by a number of strange kithain
whom Rasputin suspects are selkies.

Chapter Three — December 2, 1995

1. Th

inside a cliff along the shore near Point Reyes.

kies take the companions to their freehold

2. Ryder meets with Signe and the two Dauntain
agree to return to San Francisco —along with two other
allies to finish the search Ryder started.

3. Ondine, the lorekeeper for the selkies, tells the
companions the story of the fall of Silver's Gate and the
war of the brothers which results in the creation of the four
Eyestones. She also tells of the sinking of the Isle of
Dreams, the dispersal of the stones and the sacrifice of the
queen of the selkies. She tells the companions that the
Shadowstone resides with the Menehune — the native
kithain of Hawaii.

4. Yrtalien gathers the kithain of Hilo around him for
a beachside speech in which he details his vision of a true
Court of Shadows. Glynnis' private thoughts reveal that
Yrralien really plans to use the outer trappings of the court
as a smokescreen for his own personal agenda — the
recovery of the legendary gems known as the Eyestones,
with which Silver's Gate can be opened, allowing access
‘once again to Arcadia.

5. The companions spend the night with the selk

Morgan hasa dream in which one of her friends is revealed

as a traitor, but upon awakening, she cannot remember
who it is. Edmund sneaks from the freehold and holds a
conversation with Mr. Dumpy, again expressing his grow-
ing frustration at the double standard that seems to operate
where he and Morgan are concerned.

Chapter Four — December 3, 1995

1. Ryder's group arrives in San Francisco and begin
their search for the kithain. Diana, Signe and Vargas are
introduced along with some background information on
the four Dauntain.

2. The selkies take the companions to a hidden sea-
trod where a white swanship is waiting to take them across
the ocean to the land of the Menehune. The selkies seem
ablack swanship
— is missing. The companions realize that Yrtalien must

surprised to find thatacompanion boat

have somehow located the trod and stolen the ship. Just
before they set sail, Ondine wars the companions about
the "guardian" of the trod.

3. Yrtalien entertains Kanani, a Menehune "ambassa-
dor" to his court. His thoughts imply that he plans to use
her for some sort of sacrifice.

4. The companions encounter the "guardian" of the
sea trod —a gigantic sea-serpentlike creature who engulfs
the characters, throwing them into dreams in which they
must confront their innermost natures. The ship finally
lands in an inland grotto with a waterfall and a pool. They
encounter the Menehune — and the natives do not look
friendly.

Prelude to Part Two

A brief history of the arrival of the kithain in Hawaii.

Chapter Five — (no date is given, the characters are
unaware of how long their passage took, but it is actually
December 3 — 4, 1995)

1. The characters are captured by the Menehune.

2. Ryder and his group of Dauntain decide to pay a
visit to the Toybox Coffee Shop, a location which the
feel is almost certainly a kithain freehold due to the
inordinate amount of Glamour present — something
which Ryder is able to sense through the gem in his hand.

3. The characters are taken to the Menehune village,
deep in the jungle, and imprisoned in a stone house with
a magically sealed fern gateway.

4. Ryder and Signe go inside the Toybox, leaving
Diana and Vargas outside as reinforcements.

5. A young Menehune female named Lulani gives the
companions some tiny shell necklac
that allow them to communicate with their captors de-
spite the language barrier. She takes them to the chief of

faerie treasures

the village, who wants to know why the companions have
come to bring darkness to his people.

6. The intense Glamour from the Toybox evokes an
agonizing response from Ryder's palm-gem. Fizzlewig real-
izes that the two strange kithain who have just entered his
building are Dauntain, and he and the other patrons evict
them from the coffee shop. As they are retreating, the
Dauntain are accosted by a kithain who offers to give them
information on a quarry worthy of their attention.

7. Valmont tells Chief Makani the story of the discov-
ery of the Keystone and the purpose of the companions'
quest. The chief tells the characters that they may live
among the Menehune as honored guests until he decides
whether or not to help them.

Chapter Six — December 4, 1995

1. The Dauntain discuss the veracity of their
informant's information and finally decide to go to Hawai'i
and seek out the group that bears the emerald that seems
to be a mate to Ryder's sapphire.


2. Blade considers his reasons for betraying Valmont
and his friends to the Dauntain. He "buys" Slique's silence
with promise of a position or influence in Elias' court.

3. The companions spend time among the Menehune,
learning their words and their customs. In return, they try
to explain their own strange ways to Lulani.

4. Yrtalien, Glynnis and Lord Devlin (their Hilo
connection) wander through the streets of the city locat-
ing suitable candidates for ravaging.

Chapter Seven — December 5, 1995

1. Ryder reveals his plan to infiltrate the kithain
community of Hilo. Vargas is chosen to remain in the "real
world" as a monitor.

2. The loremaster of the menehune tells the compan-
ions of the original "little people" of Hawaii.

3. Yrtalien begins to bring his Shadow Court together
and makes plans to begin enchanting a number of humans
to serve his followers.

4. In a diary entry, written late at night while her
Aorgan reveals her friends' grow-
ingacclimation to the menehunelifestyle. She also confides

companions are asleep,

her own fears that she is becoming a wilderand losing some
of her childling connection to the Dreaming. She creates
achimeric glowing winged unicorn to use as a clandestine
light source for her writing.

Chapter Eight — December 6 — 10, 1995

1. Yrtalien inaugurates his court with a perpetual
party and whimsically ennobles a female satyr to show his
egalitarianism as well as his disdain for the Seelie tradi-
tions.

2. Edmund hasa private conversation with Mr. Dumpy
in the house he and his companions share in the menehune
village.

Chapter Nine — December 11, 1995

1. The Menehune get ready to take the companions
back to the swanship in the grotto. Leigh's jealousy at
Valmont's obvious attraction to Lulani flares briefly. Chief
Makani explains about the native belief that it is bad luck
for anyone's shadow to fall upon their chief. Leigh associ-
ates the Menehune concept of shadow with Banality.

2. Ryder and his two companions encounter Lord
Devlin who brings them to Yrtalien's palace.

3. The companions go to the grotto, where their
swanship is waiting. The Menehune bring out one of their
double canoes to accompany their new friends part way on
their journey to the Big Island. Morgan frees her chimera
before she leaves. Chief Makani opens a sea trod and they
set sail. Before they reach their destination, the Menehune
double back and return to their home. The companions
land on the island of Hawai'i —on a black sand beach.

146 Immorcal Cyes: Shadows on che hui

Edmund learns about volcanos. Valmont uses his eshu gift
of direction to lead the companions to their destination —
wherever that may be.

4. Yrtalien and Glynnis try to find out more about the
Shadowstone and its companion gems from Kanani. They
are interrupted by the arrival of visiting kithain.

5. The companions get lost in the tropical wilderness
Stopping just before nightfall to prepare a meal, they are
approached by a wizened old native woman whoshares food
with them and then warns them not tostay overnight in the
area, telling them that toxic fumes from Kilauea, the nearby
volcano, might be dangerous to them. She tells them how
to find a road that will take them to Hilo. The companions
follow her directions and get a lift to the city in a pickup
truck, where they find rooms at the Seacrest Bed and
Breakfast (the same hotel where Vargas also has a room).

6. Ryder and Yrtalien meet. Ryder realizes that he is in
the presence of the Unseelie kithain, a fact that gives him
faction at the thought of ending their
threat to sanity. When his sapphire, concealed by a leather
half-glove, comes into contact with the Shadowstone,
however, the pain cripples Ryder — in much the same
fashion as it did when he entered the Toybox and came
near the toy chest. Yrtalien recognizes in Ryder a powerful
kithain whom he wishes to cooperate and a
private wing of his palace.

even greater satis

igns his three
itors suites in

7. Yrtalien wakes with the certainty that Eleighanara
(Leigh) has arrived in Hilo.

Chapter Ten — December 12, 1995

1. At their hotel, the companions have breakfast and
make plans. They learn from their waiter that the old
woman they met might have been the volcano goddess
Pele, whose appearance often warns of impending volca-
nic activity. They also learn that the place where they
almost spent the night was in the path of a |:
occurred some hours after they left. They
the morning playing "tourist" before they embark on the
rest of their quest. Vargas sees them leave and recognizes
them from Blade's description.

flow that
decide to spend

2. Ryder informs his companions that he intends to
attempt to remain in Yrtalien's palace, admitting that his
dreams have indicated that the group they seek will find
their way to the prince's freehold.

3. Yrtalien finds Leigh on the beach and extends an
invitation to her and her companions to visit his freehold.
Leigh remembers a little more about her previous alliance
with Yrtalien in Arcadia and that she once loved the
Foresworn Prince.

4. Ryder slips away from the palace and leaves a
message for Vargas. Then he lets the gem in his palm lead
him back to the freehold.


5. Vargas watches Leigh's meeting with Yrtalien
before returning to his room, where Ryder's message
awaits him.

6. The companions decide to accept Yrtalien's offer,
realizing that they are bearding the lion in his den.

7. Ryder confronts Yrtalien, and the prince reveals to the
Dauntain that he knows about Ryder's gem. Yrtalien tells
Ryder that someone else bearing a similar gem is on her way
to the freehold. Yrtalien promises not to reveal Ryder's
presence in the freehold to the bearer of the third gem — with
the tacit understanding that Ryder is now in Yrtalien's debt.

8. The companions discuss shadows, Banality and
Unseelie philosophy as they make their way to Yrtalien's
freehold.

9. Yrtalien tortures Glynnis with chimeric torments
in order to find out if she knows anything more about the
Eyestones. His game is interrupted by the arrival of Leigh
and her companions.

Chapter Eleven — December 13 — 21, 1995

1. Valmont talks with Kanani and begins to suspect
Yrtalien's dark purpose in bringing her to his court. He
decides to share his knowledge with the "adults" in his group.

2. Morgan again writes in her diary, chronicling her
group's attempts to assimilate themselves into Yrtalien's
court. She mentions that Yrtalien is keeping company with
Leigh, Valmont is spending time with Kanani, Rasputin is
mingling with people but not getting close to any in
particular, and she has attracted Glynnis's attention be-
cause of their common affiliation with House Eiluned. She
expresses her worries about Tor, who seems out of sorts in
the freehold and simply states that Edmund is doing fine.
Glynnis visits Morgan in the childling's room and tries to
gether to "borrow" the Keystone from Leigh so thatshe can
help Morgan learn how to use it to increase the effects of
her Glamour. Morgan has a vision tempting her to power.

3. Ryder contemplates the bargain he struck with
Yrtalien, who demonstrated his ability to use the
Shadowstone to relieve — at least temporarily — Ryder's
nearly constant pain. Having deduced that Ryder and his
companionsare Dauntain, Yrtalien has promised Ryderall

xcept for Leigh in return for Ryder's nce.
to Ryder his plans for the sacrifice at the

upcoming Winter Solstice.

4. Rasputin and Signe meet on Yrtalien's private beach.
Signe inadvertently reminds Rasputin of his traumatic child-
hood and gets rare glimpse at the frightened person behind
the pooka's carefully lighthearted facade. Signe begins to
wonder whether "reality" is a cure for everyone.

5. Devlin tries to get Tor to participate in ravaging to
reclaim some of his lost Glamour.

Appendix: The

Jenehune


Later, Tor is rebuffed by Diana (a fellow troll besides
being one of the Dauntain) who accuses him of being a
ravager of human creativity.

6. Yrtalien makes his bid for Leigh's loyalty — and
loses. He accuses her of breaking her oath to him, made
long ago in Arcadia, and professes his continuing love for
her. They declare a civilized sort of war on each other —
with the gemstones as prizes — and before they part

company Yrtalien lets drop a hint that something will

happen during his Winter Solstice ceremony that will
increase his power and solidify his position as the head of
his Court of Shadows. Leigh remembers Valmont's suspi-
cions about Yrtalien's intentions to sacrifice Kanani and
begins to believe that they might be true. When she later
confronts Valmont, after he has had his own meeting with
Yrtalien, the eshu denies having any such dark intuitions.

7. Edmund admires his new suit of chimeric armor —a
gift from Yrtalien — and confides in Mr. Dumpy that
Yrtalien has promised to make him a knight and give hima
horse as soon as he does something to prove his worthiness.

8. Ryder awakens in agony from the pain in his hand
and realizes that Yrtalien not only has the power to remove
his suffering but to augment it as well. Despite his best
efforts, he is forced to seek out Yrtalien and beg the prince
to take away his pain. Yrtalien does so, but makes it clear
that he now commands Ryder's obedience. He also in-
forms Ryder that he has changed his mind and is willing to
give him Eleighnara along with the other oathmates.

Chapter Twelve — December 22, 1995 (the long-
est night)

1. The great beast that dreams at the heart of the
volcano known as Kilauea stirs restlessly in her slumber,
only vaguely aware of the events that are about to transpire.

2. The morning of the Winter Solstice brings a "gift"
of chimeric snow. Edmund, Rasputin and Morgan have a
snowball fight before Rasputin takes the two childlings to
a meeting of the group

3. Despite the absence of Valmont, Leigh tells her
oathmates of her fear that Valmont's early suspicions about
Yrtalien were correct. Leigh announces that Yrtalien tried to
enlist her in his cause and that she turned him down. Morgan
relates Glynnis' attempt to entice her into "borrowing" the
Keystone from Leigh. Tor tells how Devlin tried to convince
Tor that ravaging was a good way for him to augment his
dwindling reserves of Glamour. Leigh confesses that she had
hoped to win Yrtalien over to the group's quest. Rasputin
comments on Edmund's uncharacteristic silence. The com-
panions discuss the possibility that Yrtalien might be planning
to sacrifice Kanani, and Leigh and Rasputin speak of the
long-forgotten practice of the faerie "tithe" to the world of
the dead. Leigh admits that Kanani cannot be found and that


she, Rasputin and Tor have been searching for her. Valmont
arrives, and Morgan notices that the eshu is wearing a
circular onyx pin. Valmont says that Yrtalien had given it to
him the night before, saying that it wasa gift to Valmont from
Kanani. Leigh realizes that Yrtalien has used the pin to
ensorcel Valmontand has Tor remove it from the eshu. Once
it is removed, the enchantment is broken and Valmont
remembers his concern for Kanani's safety. Before the com-
panions set out in search of Kanani, Leigh confesses that she
inadvertently confirmed for Yrtalien that there were four

Eyestones and that they could be used to open Silver's Gate.

4. Ryder meets with Vargas in Hilo, and the two men

make plans to ambush Leigh's group at the place of
Vargas that although he
has promised not to harm Yrtalien, he has made no

Yrtalien's sacrifice. Ryder tells

binding oath with regard to Vargas' actions.

5. As they search for Kanani, the companions find the
freehold nearly deserted. Finally a hung-over nocker informs
them that the prince and the rest of his followers have gone
to "the volcano." Valmont realizes that he knows exactly
where the group needs to be — and that he had not, in fact,
gotten his companions lost when they first arrived on the
island of Hawai'i. He uses his Glamour to transport the group
tothe spot where they met the old woman—almost certainly
amanifestation of the volcano goddess Pele. From there, they
head toward Kilauea, hoping they will arrive in time.
ifice Kanani (drugged and
comatose) on the slopes of the volcano, near the satellite

6. Yrtalien prepares to se

crater Pu'u O'o, where slow flowing lava makes its way
down the mountainside toward the sea.

7. The companions arrive on the scene, but a loud
comment from Edmund destroys their hope for secrecy
Valmont makes a desperate charge toward the troll body-
guard who is carrying Kanani toward the lava flow. At that
moment, Ryder and his Dauntain ambush the characters.

8. A complicated battle takes place between the
Dauntain and the characters. Valmont concentrates on
rescuing Kanani — and is unexpectedly aided by Signe.
Ryder attacks Morgan, but Tor intervenes. Rasputin drags
Morgan away from the battle. Leigh battles Diana. Edmund
comes to her aid, but his sword shears through the strings
holding the pouch containing the Keystone. He retrieves
it and runs off to help Tor in his fight.

Vargas opens fire on Yrtalien and Glynnis. Yrtalien uses
the Shadowstone to transport himself and Glynnis to safety.
Diana defeats Leigh and chains her in iron manacles before
advancing on Tor. Ryder and Tor trade blows until they are

on top of the slow lava river. Signe and Valmont
ind offers
tosee that Kanani is returned safely to her people. Signe ends

succeed in saving Kanani. The old woman appears

the truce and takes Valmont down with an iron pipe.

9. Deprived of his opportunity to capture or kill
Yrtalien, Vargas turns his attentions to Rasputin and
Morgan — who surrender to him rather than risk being
shot by the fanatic Dauntain.

10. Yrtalien realizes that he has been betrayed by the
Dauntain and again uses the Shadowstone to intensify the
pain in Ryder's palm. Ryder is crippled by the sudden flare
of agony in his hand. Tor breaks off the fight. Seeing his
opponent in such great pain, Tor offers him the only mercy
he can think of. Ryder allows Tor to sever the hand
containing the sapphire from his arm. Edmund snatches up
the severed hand and runs off. In a moment of sudden
despair, realizing that he has lived only for the hunt, Ryder
throws himself into the lava — Tor cannot stop him in
time. Diana arrives in time to capture a spiritless Tor. Once
the Dauntain have rounded up the five captured compan-
ions, the group realizes that Edmund is not among them and
that the redcap childling conveniently made off with both
Leigh's stone and the sapphire that was in Ryder's palm.

11. The group is herded into a van. Signe gets in with
them to guard them until they arrive at their destination —
a place where Signe assures the kithain that they will
storing their minds to reality. The group
attempts to convince Signe that she is making a mistake.

eive help in r

Rasputin reminds Signe that reality is not always the best of
all possible worlds. When the van stops and Diana and
Vargas open the back to let their prisoners out, Signe has
been turned by the group. Holding a pistol on her former
companions, she allows the group — now freed of their
manacles — to escape. Then she leaves her former col-
leagues — presumably to return to life as one of the kithain.

12. The companions make their way in the van to
Hilo and take a pair of rooms at a cheap motel. During the
night, Tor wakes and, unable to remember who or where
he is, wanders away from the group.

13. The four remaining oathmates— Leigh, Morgan,
Rasputin and Valmont — make a decision to concentrate
on finding Tor rather than Yrtalien, believing that the
ing that
the quest will have to be abandoned, they set off in search
of the troll. In the midst of her tears, Morgan reveals that

recovery of their friend supersedes their quest. F

the sapphire gem is the Waystone, the third of the four
Immortal Eyes. Morgan also belatedly remembers the
identity of the traitor in her dream — Edmund.

14. Aboard the black swanship, Edmund reminds
Yrtalien of his promise to knight him and give hima horse.
Yrtalien, now in possession of three of the four Eyestones,
puts him off. Edmund begins to regret his actions — but is
consoled by Glynnis, who tells him that Yrtalien uses
everyone for his own purposes.


nent of the Ientmortal Byes trilogy, Shadows onthe Plillipte
¢ fenmortal Bye: i

it
© Descriptions of the many treenoldssaind ania)
@© Features three mini-stor. ipiied 1 mesh

4 ee

ISBN 1-56504-705-2
WW 7201 $15.00

|

Printec
