# File: Immortal Eyes 3 - Court of All Kings.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Written by: Nicky Rea
Additional Material by: Jackie C:
"Nearside" Herron

ada and Stephen

Developed by: lan Lemke

Edited by: Cynthia Summers

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Director: Aileen E. Miles,
Art: Stuart Beel, Lee Fields, Rebecca Guay, Mark Jackson,
Brian LeBlanc, Adam Rex, Drew Tucker

Front Cover Art: Rebecca Guay

wrence Snelly

Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
Border Art by: Henry Higgenbotham
Layout and Typesetting: Katie McCaskill

Dedication: To my teachers both formal and informal.
To all the poets and mus'
of the land alive and to my Irish

ave kept the spirit

ors who left the
green hills of Hibernia for a new life in the mountains
of America.

Auchors Special Thanks

To Jackie Cassada, sister and co-creator.

To Stephen "Neatside" Herron, my online friend from
Belfast, from whose excellent "Belfast Child" stories

ans who,

much of the information on Ulster changelings was
gleaned. Thank you, Stephen for your unfailing dedica-
tion, your meeting of every deadline I set you and your

Northern Irish "Unseelie humor."

© by White Wolf, All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for purposes of reviews.
Changeling: The Dreaming, Mage: The Ascen-
sion, Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Wraith: The
Oblivion, Vampire: The Masquerade, Vampire: The
Dark Ages and Immortal Eyes: Court of all Kings are
all trade marks and copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies
or products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

SUITE 100
780 PARK NORTH BLVD:
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

WHITE WOLF)

GAME STUDIO


S
y Book Tuo: The [air Lotk
& Chapcer our: Nodles

= ommoners

=) Na
g
d



Immortal Eyes: Court of All Kings is the third in a
newkind of World of Darknesssupplementcalledachronicle
sourcebook. It provides you with the information needed to
create your own chronicle, but is not meant to be the only
source of ideas for your chronicle creations. Feel free to
change any part (or every part) depicted herein. Settings,
characters, storylines — any and all are fair game. Make of
them what you will to run the chronicle you want.
The setting contains enough information for you to

do this, though familiarity with the main characters of the

chronicle is necessary if they are to play an active role in
your story. Plenuy-of infoemationion the eeugraphy and
importan
extra research you do on Irish history, politics and folklore
can only enrich your chronicle.

of Ireland is included here, though any

This book is the third and final in the Immortal Eyes
chronicle sourcebooks. Along with Immortal Eyes: The
Toybox and Immortal Eyes: Shadows on the Hill, it
forms a trilogy of sourcebooks which accompany the
novels of the same name.


The Immorcal
Cyes Chronicle

This series of chronicle sourcebooks will provide you
with many tools to use in running your regular Changeling
chronicle. You will be able to run dozens of different
sessions based on it. Though it is intended as a long-term
continuing saga, any part can be excised and used on its
own or the events depicted spread apart and separated by
other stories. Each sourcebook provides more information
on the total picture of where the overall story is heading,
so you will need to decide before you start playing the
Immortal Eyes chronicle whether you want to involve
your players with the epic quest that is the backbone of all
three novels and sourcebooks.

Backstory: The Cues of
che Cyes

If you've played the sample story (also called "The
Toybox") in the Appendix of Changeling: The Dream-
ing, then your players' quest for the Immortal Eyes has
already begun. Further details on the quest can be found in

the other two sourcebooks. Depending on your play
prog! ou may be ready for the final leg of the journey
presented here.

We have not provided all the details of the quest
here, but rather have provided enough material to run
other plots in your story as well as the main quest
depicted in the novels. From San Francisco, the quest has
taken the heroes to the Hawaiian islands. Now they
continue their journey to the fabled homeland of the
sidhe, to Ireland, known to the fae as Hibernia. If they
accept the quest, your characters become the focus of an
epic saga, a tale worthy of the greatest bardic song, that
may shake the foundations of the Dreaming itself and
alter the fate of two worlds — both Earth and Arcadia.

An Emerald Isle
Chronicle

If you are not the sort of Storyteller who likes to run
this sort of chronicle, don't give up on us. We have
provided extensive information on cities and impor-
tant sites in each of the sourcebooks, making them
suitable as settings for any story you wish to set there.
Book One in each sourcebook can be used alone, com-
pletely ignoring the story of the Immortal Eyes, should


you so desire. You can even raid Book Two for charac-
ters you'd like to include. Unlike other city sourcebooks
previously published by White Wolf, Book One of each
Immortal Eyes sourcebook contains a general intro-

duction to the geography and history of the areas
covered.

Howto Use Book One

Chapter One provides a general overview of Ireland
with practical information. Chapter Two focuses on the
history, both real and chimeric. Chapter Three briefly
covers the geography of both the Republic of Ireland and
Northern Ireland.

Hourco Use Book Two

Chapter Four details the nobles of the land, both
Seelie and Unseelie. Chapter Five deals with the com-
moners. Chapter Six focuseson Irelands othersupernatural

inhabitants and unveils 2
Seven provides two tales set in Ireland, and allows the
characters to become involved in the quest for the Immor-
tal Eyes without actually becoming a part of it. The
Appendix features a chronology of the Court of All Kings
novel, a detailing of the four Eyestones and some of the
faerie treasures of Ireland.

A [inal Word

If you wish to truly recreate the spirit of Ireland,
immerse yourself in the fairy tales and heroic stories of
Cuchulainn and the Cattle Raid of Cooley, Finn MacCool
and the Fianna, and tales of the Tuatha de Danaan.
Consider playing some Irish traditional songs or the harp
music of Turlough O'Carolan as background for your
game. Finally, description can only go so far in portraying
the look of a place. Travel books and picture books of
Ireland (and some videotapes) are readily available at
most public libraries. Pick up a few for inspiration. Enjoy.

new changeling kith. Chapter

Incroduczion

XAG



emlheslmeraldslsie
SSG hiteilit

y

Overview

Ireland. Erin. Hibernia. The Emerald Isle. The Ould
Sod. Cathleen ni Houlihan. People throughout the world
have pictures of Ireland that live in their imaginations.
When they think of Ireland, itis of rolling green farmlands
outlined by snaking lines of gray stone walls, tidy white
thatched cottages with brightly painted doors, whitecapped
waves crashing against the impressive Cliffs of Moher, or
the brick houses of Belfast with sectarian slogans painted
on them and British soldiers patrolling the rubble-strewn
streets. All these images are equally valid, and none are
entirely correct.

Ireland is seductive, a picture postcard of a lost way of
life that is uncluttered and nostalgic. She calls to her
expatriates, beckoning them still to take up her causes,

sing her praises, wax poetic about her triumphs, and honor
her achievements. Once a year, they do so, indulging in
the "wearin' o' the green" and marching in St. Patrick's
Day parades. But few ever return to her.

There is still much wonder in this homeland of the
sidhe and birthplace of the Celtic customs that permeate
the noble courts, but centuries of conflict and bitter
hatreds have taken their toll. In modern times, tourism has

depleted much of the magic that once held sway in this

island of bittersweet glories. The last bastion of Europe,
this westernmost island country (and province) exer

an allure and enduring sentiment far beyond what its
would suggest. So ingrained is the image of lush green
fields
enticing the popular notion of Irish charm and hospitality,

so inspiring her many struggles for freedom, so

that thousands of people the world over claim Irish ances-
try — even when it isn't true!

Thousands of visitors flock to Ireland's many castles
and historic sites every year to kiss the Blarney Stone,
drink Guinness in a real Irish pub, sleep in an Irish castle,
walk upon the Giant's Causeway, and photograph the

Celtic crosses, ruined monasteries and other landmarks

that have become the stock-in-trade of the tourist indus-
try. They bring their dreams of an Ireland of their own
creation, but leave Banality in their wake as they
grasp that elusive "something" they are searching for —
something which they believe Ireland will give them.
The real Ireland may be impossible to find, even for
her natives. The history of this "island of saints and
scholars" is a never-ending series of battles and invasions.
Herlegacy isawealth ofsad songs, merry jigs, witty writers,

brilliant poets and imaginative storytellers. It is also one of

Chapzer One: Seccing


grim repression, the sundering of families, wasted chances,
martyrs to "the cause" of Irish freedom, economic hard-
ships and ongoing violence in the name of patriotism.
Ireland's sons and daughters have been forced to emigrate
in search of a better future, leaving in waves since the
Great Famine and scattering around the world.

There are now far more people of Irish ancestry who
live in the United States than populating the whole of
modern Ireland. Nor are the Catholic Irish the only ones
who have fled. The Scot-Irish of Ulster were among those
who became the American pioneers. But the energy and
talents both groups brought to America were lost to those
left at home. History and religion have created a divided
island, with the Protestant majority in Northern Ireland
adamantly opposed to reuniting the island, and a Catholic
majority in the Republic of Ireland who is uncertain it
could shoulder the burdens that would fall to it should
there actually be a reunification.

And what of the changelings? They bask in the
dreams and creativity to be found throughout Ireland, but
they also live in the shadows engendered by banal tourist
traps and the poisoned Glamour of "the Troubles" (as the
quarter-century-long escalation of violence in Northern
Ireland is euphemistically known). For a time, during the
recent cease-fire observed by both the IRA (Irish Repub-
lican Army) and the Protestant Loyalist groups, there had
been hope of a new beginning. But the cease-fire has
proven to be a broken dream, and Winter once again
looms on the horizon.

Chimerical Ireland

Ireland is known to changelings as the Kingdom of
Hibernia. Both Northern Ireland and the Republic are
considered to be a part of the overall kingdom. This all
sounds very unified, except that there is no high king as
there is in Concordia. Instead the island is divided into
four kingdoms that correspond to the four historic prov-
inces of Leinster, Munster, Connaught and Ulster.
Divided by the drawing of lots so as to prevent conflict,
they are each controlled by a different noble house.
Leinster consists of 12 counties in the East, and is ruled
by King Bran of House Gwydion. Munster falls under the
dominion of Queen Nuala of House Eiluned. Itclaims six
counties in the Southwest, and is the largest of the four.
Connaught's ruler is King Fiachra of House Dougal. He
claims five counties that lie in the Northwest of the
island. Ulster, the northernmostkingdom, includesthree
counties that fall within the Republic of Ireland and six
more that comprise the entirety of Northern Ireland.
Ulster's ruler is King Finn of House Fiona, who has thus
far hidden his Unseelie nature from the other monarchs.

Immorcal Cyes: Court of all Kings

Aside from these regional kingdoms, the whole
island is inundated with petty kings claiminga particular
county, town, forest, mountain, village, ruined fort or
even the remembrance of a freehold that once existed.
Duchies, baronies and other holdings are awarded to
those sidhe (and a very few commoners) who by birth or
service to the four Great Kings (as they are called) are
entitled to them. Additionally, many petty kings and
queens bestow holdings upon those who support their
claims to a kingdom, however small. Many of the petty
kings acknowledge the overlordship of the Great Kings,
and thereby benefit from their protection and resources.
Some few of the petty kingdoms are ruled by members of
Houses Liam, Scathach, Balor and Leanhaun.

Many of the ancient freeholds and glens that once
were so plentifully supplied with Glamour have become
depleted in the centuries since the sidhe fled the island.
Though some powerful magics remain, in many areas the
returning nobles had to make do with lesser holdings than
they had imagined. There is thus a great disparity between
the Great Kings and the lesser ones, and even between the
Great Kings of the four kingdoms. While it would have
seemed natural for King Bran to claim Tara as his seat of
power, the constant comingsand goings of tourists through
the years has robbed the ancient site of its Glamour.
Whatever Glamour now resides in Tara is brought there by
those who dream of its days of glory. Conversely, King Finn
of Ulster was able to return and take Navan Fort, which has
been called the "Tara of the North," as his chief holding.
Once known as Emain Macha, it was the dwelling place of
Conor Mac Nessa, king of Ulster in the time of the original
Red Branch Knights and the great hero Cuchulainn.

The commoners of Hibernia, including the native
kith knownas clurichaun, have a few holdings they can
call theirown. For the most part, so longas they behave
themselves, the sidhe either tolerate or ignore them.
Some are attached to the various noble houses, and
many live in faerie towns, distancing themselves from
the snobbery and intrigues of the noble court

Unlike their American cousins, the Irish sidhe had
no high king to make an accord with the commoners.
Battles were fought and freeholds claimed. Eventually a
sort of peace was declared among most of the Kithain, but
they continue to distrust one another to some extent. The
sidhe, cognizant of their few among the great number of
commoners, are proud of their noble status, loath to give
up any of their privileges or rights to rulership, quick to
take offense, and swift in dealing out judgments and
retributions. In short, they exist under a siege mentality
notunlike that of the Protestants of Northern Ireland who
were sent centuries ago to hold the land for the English
crown against the "wild, disloyal" Irish.


Chmate

Ireland is one of the wettest countries of Europe,
though the temperature is mild due to the Atlantic Gulf
Stream, which softens and warms the westerly winds. No
pointon the island is farther than 70 miles from the ocean,
giving the whole of ita temperate climate that rarely falls
below 40°F in winter or rises above the low to mid-60s in
summer. Rain is more plentiful in the West, while the
Southeast is the driest part of the island. Snow is rare,
usually falling only in the higher elevations, and never
lasts for long.

Most of Ireland is subject to the gray, overcast days of
light, drizzling rain, which the Irish refer to as "soft
weather." Most days, however, have at least partial sun-
shine. The West gets heavy rainstorms, and frightening
squalls blow in off the ocean. The weather is notorious for
its capriciousness, changing in the space of a few minutes
or hours from gray and rainy to cl d sunny. It is not
unusual on a day that has been heavily overcast to sud-
denly have the clouds open and spotlight portions of the
land with brilliant shafts of sunlight, or for the clouds to
disappear entirely in time for a rosy sunset. The humidity
of the island sets the stage for spectacular rainbows, which

are most frequently seen in the Southwest.

People

Fewer people live in the whole of Ireland than live in
the city of London. With a population of just over 5
million (of which 3.5 million reside in the Republic and
1.5 million in Northern Ireland), it constitutes one of the
most sparsely populated areas in Europe. At one time,
Ireland claimed over 8 million people. The Great Famine
in the 1840s, and its attendant disease and emigration,
reduced this by half, Emigration since that time further
reduced the number in the Republic to less than 3 million
by the 1960s. That number has now climbed over the 3

imately one-third of the population of the
Republic lives in the capital of Dublin, and one-third of
the people of Northern Ireland reside in its capital of
Belfast. While the North has always been more industri-
alized, this constitutes a major shift for the people of the
Republic who were more agrarian in the past.

In the Republic of Ireland, Catholics comprise
95% of the population, with Protestants representing
only a little over 3%. In Northern Ireland, Protestants
have a 55% majority, and Catholics are a large minority
with 40% of the population. While there is supposed to
be no discrimination, in actual fact, it was unavoidable
because of the division of the island. The percentage of


Protestants has declined in the Republic, while in the
North, disenfranchisement of Catholics was built into
the province at its inception, and preference for Protes-
tants has existed for centuries. Ironically, while the
Catholics of the North were discriminated against by
the Protestants, the Protestants themselves (Presbyte-
rians and others) were (and continue to be) looked
down upon by the established Church of England.
Religion is still an important part of life in Ireland, and
has had a profound effect on its political, economic and
social development.

In both the North and the South, almost half the
population consists of young people under 25 years of
age. Most are well-educated, though the high unem-
ployment rate in both the Republic and the North have
left many with few choices other than emigration.
Recently there has been a shift away from large families
due to the availability of contraceptives, and to leaving
the traditional farming life which required many chil-
dren to work the land.

Usually characterized as being amiable, helpful, good-
hearted and eloquent, the Irish people (both North and
South), are generally friendly and talkative, as is evi-
denced by the profusion of local pubs that serve as centers
of social life. There, people gather to engage in craic,
which is basically a rousing good time involving lots of
humorous talk, drink, good fellowship and debates on
everything. Their speech is flavored by the cadences of
Irish Gaelic, and their love of storytelling harks back to
the oral traditions of the Celtic bards. The Irish are noted
for both their wit and love of gossip, and visitors are
treated with great hospitality, warmth and generosity, all
of which help make strangers relax and feel at home.

On the other hand, the Irish are also seen as
melancholy dreamers holding onto vain hopes and
bygone glories. That they are given to introspection is
not unusual in light of the sorrows which have afflicted
this small island throughout its history. There are few
Irish who cannot relate at least some of that sad past in
either story or song.

All too often, the people of the South are dismissed
as being quaint, uncultured and superstitious, while

those of the North are perceived to be dour, stubborn
and unforgiving. Better descriptions of both might
emphasize their charm, resilience and resourcefulness
throughout a history brimming with conflict. Too of-
ten, however, today's decisions are based on glorious

yesterdays that never were or terrible wrongs that should
never have been. Myth and history have become politi-
cal weapons wielded by both sides in the ongoing
Troubles in Northern Ireland, where warring dreams
clash in violent conflict.


Cconomics

The picturesque peasant cottages so dear to the imagina-
tions of tourists held grinding poverty within them until quite
recently. While still a very poor place compared with most of
their European neighbors, Ireland has begun the move into the
modem age. Since joining the EU (European Union) in 1973,
the Republic has acquired new industries and foreign invest-
ments. In the West, traditionally the part of Ireland most
dependent on agriculture, farms have been forced to modern-
ize, foreign industry has arrived, and forestry is a developing
business. Ireland's denuded hills have been reforested in many
places. But the trend toward planting conifers rather than
hardwoods has led to lines of dreary, dark trees that conflict with
rather than contribute to the wild beauty of the rural West.

Once one of the greatest industrial cities of the British
Isles, Belfast has been in decline, its industries outdated,
most of its linen mills now closed. Newer, more modern.
industry has been recently introduced, however, and has
begun to make inroads. Cross-community initiatives that
hire both Protestants and Catholics bring hope in areas
where unemployment reaches 80%. The city of Derry has
begun an economic recovery as well, but only by an almost
total segregation of Catholics and Protestants.

Both parts of Ireland are plagued by the problems that
beset most moder urban societies: a rising crime rate, drug
use and high unemployment rates. Nonetheless, they are
beginning to edge toward greater prosperity, and some of the
worst slum areas have been replaced by better housing. In
both North and South, tourism has become the industry of
the moment. Despite the Troubles, the confusing exchange
rate, and the exasperating delays and difficulties inherent to
Ireland, the tourists grow more numerous every year.

Traveling Around
Ireland

Air Travel

The Republic of Ireland has four international airports
(Dublin, Shannon, Cork and Knock). In Northern Ireland,
Aldergrove Airport near Belfast is the only international
airport of the province. Regional airports exist in Galway,
Killamey, Sligo and Waterford in the Republic, and in Derry
(Londonderry) in Northern Ireland. Aer Lingus serves not
only as international transport, but has several flights per day
from Dublin to Cork, Shannon and Galway. Smaller airlines
provide domestic flights, with Aer Arann flying from
Carnmore airport near Galway to the Aran Islands.

Flightsfrommany English aiportsaswellasfrom Edinburgh
and Glasgow in Scotland are available to Dublin, Shannon

(near Limerick), Waterford and Cork. From the United States,
flights aboard Aer Lingus are direct from New York or Boston
to Shannon and Dublin airports. Most air travel from Europe
goes to Great Britain first. From there a flight to Ireland takes
about an hour. Dublin is the usual entry point to Ireland,
though Shannon airport's famous duty-free shopping attracts
thousands of visitorsa year. Getting from the airport to the city
can be done via bus service or taxi in all the main airports.

Land and Sea Travel

Irelandand Britain are linked by several ferry routes. The
most frequently used is the ferry to Din Laoghaire (pro-
nounced Dunleary) and Dublin. Ferries also run to Cork,
Rosslare Harbor and Belfast. The shortest trip is about two
hours (from Holyhead to Diin Laoghaire), while the longest
(about 11 hours) runs from Liverpool to Belfast. Further
ilable through connections to the Irish Rail
service and various private and national bus companies.

DART (Dublin Area Rapid Transit) is an electric rail
service that runs between Howth in County Dublin and Bray
in County Wicklow. It stops at 25 stations along the way,
many of them in Dublin. One DART station is located at
Dain Laoghaire where the ferry lands and provides a 10-15
minute ride to downtown Dublin.

travel is ay

Geccing Aroundin Ireland

Alloflreland's large cities can be reached viaair travel,
bus or train. Many package tours also take visitors to smaller
towns and notable tourist attractions. One of the best ways
to see Ireland, however, is by car.
nly in the Dublin and Belfast
areas. The rest of the island is served by major roads, which
generally connect the larger cities, and small local roads,
which are usually not very well maintained. Traffic is rela-
tively heavy on the major routes, while the minor ones often
dering cows and sheep blocking

y far from anywhere else in
beautiful attractions are in

Thereare majorhighw:

have obstacles such as we
them. Although nowhere i
Ireland, many of the island's mos
rural areas where the roads are narrow, public transportation
is virtually nil, and the pace of life is slow. Patience is a
requirement when traveling in Ireland.

Signposts on major routes are usually well-maintained, but
those on minor routes can be difficult to interpret. Ireland is
slowly changing to the metric system, though it isn't al
apparent where. Older signposts are white with bla
Gaelic or both Gaelic and English. These mat
either miles or kilometers. Newer signs have white
green or blue backgrounds, and are written in both Gaelic and

writingin
ist distances in
ngon

English with the distances in kilometers. In Northern Ireland,
signposts are only in English and distance is measured in miles.
Itshould be noted that speed limits are noted in miles throughout
Ireland, though gasoline is sold in liters rather than gallons.

Chapzer One: Seccing 13


r

'

4

4

=

When crossing into Northern Ireland, travelers are
advised to stay on the main roads and cross via the border
posts that are marked on most maps. In Northern Ireland
(particularly in Belfast), there are areas marked as "Control
Zones," where no parking is allowed. Vehicles parked
within those zones will attract police attention due to the
North's history of car bombings.

Ocher QDechods

Other options for travel include bicycling and renting
horse-drawn caravans, Ireland's many quiet roads and light
traffic make bicyclinga pleasure, though the winds, rains and
many, many hills require a lot of stamina. Caravans are
replicas of the round-topped wagons favored by the Irish
traveling folk (tink
the wagons are driven by caravan operators. The horses must

's). Capable of housingup to four people,

be fed oatsand turned out for pasturage each evening, making
this a leisurely way to travel (usually no more than 10 miles
a day or so) to fixed itineraries.

Travel by water is possible on the Shannon River and
the lakes and canals that connect to it. These form a web of
inland waterways. Cabin cruisers with up to eight berths may
be rented for a cruise on the waterways.

Lastly, there is always the option of walking. Although
it is more usual for those who want to hike to find a central
location and make day-trips around it, it is possible to hike
from one town to the next in less than a day in many parts of
Ireland. Since 1978, over 600 miles of footpaths and desig-
nated hiking trailshave been developed and marked, including
some interesting paths through Ireland's peat bogs.

Tourism

Tourism has become a huge industry in Ireland. In the
West, farming communities are now running tours of their
local sites, whether historical or ecological in nature. In the
North, those who were once intimidated by the Troubles have
pouredinto theprovincesince the cease-fire of 1994. Through-
out the island, castles have been converted into luxury hotels,
andsmall bed-and-breakfastshavesprungupalmostovernight.
Standing stones and earth mounds that the locals ignored (or
significance
and sport new signs or spiffy new visitors' centers.

plowed around) for years have acquired historica

While one of the mainattractionsfor visitors is undoubt-
edly the presence of many, many historical sites, these have
never been the only draws. Ireland's reputation as a paradise
s well-deserved. Unfortunately, the
popularity of golf has led to the creation of so many golf
courses (about 250 of them) that it is almost impossible to
travel for more than a few miles before running across yet
anotherone ofthe pesky things. Amazing, and pethapsalittle
excessive in a place slightly smaller than the state of Maine!

for fishers and golfers

Many visitors come for the sports. Hurling and Gaelic
football attract thousands of fans, as does soccer (which they
call football) in the North. Horse and greyhound racing are
well-established pastimes, as are various equestrian pursuits
such as trail riding and hunting. Sailing and swimming have
their adherents, and eco-tours involving hiking and bird-
watching are gaining in popularity. For the physically
inclined, Ireland'smany festivalsshowcase Irish music, dance,
theatre and literature.

On the positive side, the influx of tourists and the need to
accommodate them, entertain them, sell them souvenirs, and
(hopefully) lure them back, has led to the creation of new jobs,
to increased sensitivity tothe needs of the disabled and toanew
era of palatable cuisine designed to appeal to world travelers.
While it has undoubtedly made many sites more accessible to
those who would wish to visit them, government sponsorship
and "improvements" to some historic places have rendered
them inconsequential by trivializing them. Such is the case
with the meticulously engineered megalithicsite of Newgrange.
No longer must visitors to Newgrange await the wintersolstice
tosee a shaft of sunlight illuminate the interior chamber. Now
tors by the "magic" of
moder, scientific showmanship several times a day. And
while the Giant's Causeway is devoid of some of the worst

this amazing moment is recreated for

excesses, such as ice cream vendors, it has been so widely
publicized that it is often difficult to take a photograph of it
without catching dozens of strangers in the picture.

While it is still possible to enjoy a leisurely tour of out-
of-the-way scenic spots, such idyllic getaways are becoming
more scarce as movie stars and the glitterati have discovered
the unpretentious charm of Ireland. And in their wake come
tour buses filled with camera-wielding vacationers bent on
"discovering Ireland" in five days or less. The Banality they
bring with them hangs over whatever sites they visit, strip-
ping them of their Glamour and leaving them devoid of the
very magic they sought to find there.

Eading Glamour

As more and more historic sites are turned into
tourist traps, changelings find themselves faced with the
prospect of losing most of their ancient freeholds. Those
that were claimed by commoners during the Interreg-
num were mostly the poorer, more isolated sites since the
sidhe often closed off access to their fine palaces before
leaving. When they returned, the sidhe found them-
selves in the awkward position of having to search for
suitable spots to rebuild. Most of their cherished castles
and holdings had long since crumbled under the on-
slaught of encroaching Banality brought about by
centuries of conflictand modern marauders clad in khaki
and brandishing video cameras. While some of their an-
cient: olds survive, these are now castles undersiege.


Cvenzs and Leszivals

Wherever there is Glamour to be had, changelings

congregate. They are never more in evidence than at some of
the many festivals and events held throughout the year all
over Ireland. Aside from the legal holidays observed in the
Republic and Northern Ireland, there are well over 125
special events and festivals well-known enough to be consid-
ered either famous or international in scope. Many feature
the arts, with traditional singing, dancing, literary readings,
drama and art exhibitions topping the list. A significant
number feature horse racing and trading. Some have religious
connotations, and others celebrate local culture. A few of the
best known, most interesting or just plain strange are listed
below. This is by no means an exhaustive list.
Point-to-Point season opens in January. These are
small steeplechases (a sport invented in Ireland) held in
different places each Sunday until May.
Dublin Film Festival — 10 days of the best interna-
tional cinema, with lectures and seminars on film-making.
¢ Punchestown Bloodstock Sales — One of most
important racehorse auctions in Ireland, Naas, co. Kildare.
¢ Horse Plowing and Heavy Horse Show — An old-
time plowing competition, the show has been held for over
100 years at Fair Head, Ballycastle.

© St. Patrick's Day — A national holiday in the
Republic, parades all over the country are featured. In
Dublin, the parade features guest bands from the US. A
festival of traditional Irish music called the Dublin Feis
Ceoil takes place now as well. It is a time-honored tradi-
tion for the taoiseach (Ireland's prime minister) to travel to
Washington and present a Waterford crystal dish filled
with shamrocks to the US president on St. Patrick's Day.

© Belfast Civic Festival and Lord Mayc

of concerts, competitions and exhibitions with floats and bands.

how — 21 days

© "Bloomsday" (June 16th) in Dublin — Celebration
of Joyce's Ulysses with readings, dramatizations, costumed
breakfasts and pilgrimages.

¢ Sheepand Wool Festival — Sheep-shearing demos,
wool spinning and dances in Connemara.

* City of Belfast International Rose Trials — Over
100,000 roses vying for the honor to be accorded official status.

© Galway Arts Festival —The largest in Ireland; 10 days of
theatre, music (all kindsincludingrock), readings, parades, street
events, films, children's shows, art exhibitions and comedy.

© Galway Races— A week of horse racing in the week
following the Arts Festival. These are the famous races
celebrated in song.

© O'Carolan Harp and Traditional Irish Music Festi-
val, Keadue, co. Roscommon.

Chapczer One: Seccing


© Street Entertainers' and Buskers' Championships,
Enniskillen
© Clifden Community Arts Week, Clifden, co. Galway
— Concerts, exhibitions and readings are featured; top
literary and musical names usually attend.
Yroke Park, Dublin.
¢ Ireland's Harvest Matchmaking F

Lisdoonva co. Clare — Traditic

© Gaelic Footballand Hurling Fin:
ival,
farmers went to
the hay and crops
were in. This has become a week of dances and events at
single people have the chance to meet each other.
September is
the Clarinbridge Festival, co. Galway., the original Oyster
Festival. At the end of the month is the Galway City Oyster
Festival. Lots of oysters and smoked salmon are consumed,
accompanied by competitions, music, dancing and drinking.
¢ Ballinasloe Great Fair and Festival — One of
biggest and oldest horse and cattle fairs in Europe.
¢ Dublin Theatre Festival — Two weeks of drama
with up to 40 international and Irish productions.
New Year Viennese Ball, Belfast City Hall — The
UlsterSymphony Orchestraperformsmusic by Johann Strauss.
© St. Stephen's Day — When traditional Wren Boys in
blackface and fancy dresssingin thestreetsand demand money
(which goes to charity).

Immorcal Cyes: Cour of all Kings

Co Irelands Legal Fotdays

The Republic
January 1

March 17 (St. Patrick's Day)

Good Friday (widely observed, but not official)
Easter Monday

‘irst Monday in June (Bank Holiday)

First Monday in August (August weekend)

Last Monday in October (Autumn Bank Holiday)
December 25 (Christmas Day)

December 26 (St. Stephen's Day)

Northern Ireland
January 1
Good Friday (widely observed, but not official)
Easter Monday

May Day (May 1) of First Monday in May (Spring Holiday)
Last Monday in May or first Monday in June (Bank Holiday)}
July 12 (Orange Day, anniversary of Battle of the

Boyne, 1690)

Last Monday in August (August Bank Holiday)
December 25 (Christmas Day)

December 26 (Boxing Day)


Changeling Lescivals

In each of the four great kingdoms, the ruler's
birthday is celebrated. The Leinster court holds a
grand ball and bardic festival on King Bran's birth-
day (July 22nd). Munster hasa moodier celebration
with poetry sessions, chimeric sculpture competi-
tions and a great feast in honor of Queen Nuala's
September 22nd natal day. Connaught's court is
far more practical. King Fiachra likes all sorts of
machinery, so on his birthday (on May 6th), there
is a mechanics' fair featuring new inventions, in-
teresting gadgets and train rides. King Finn's
November 20th birthday is celebrated by a gather-
ing of all those who owe fealty to him to pledge
their loyalty and drink to his health. Finn's court
usually manages to arrange some sort of extrava-
ganza to entertain the visitors, but these change
from year to year.

Trish Kithain also acknowledge the following
holidays: Samhain, the winter solstice, Imbolc,
Beltaine Eve, Midsummer Night and Lammas. Not
all changelings celebrate each festival, but many
do. There has recently been some talk of instituting
a festival to commemorate the Cattle Raid of Cooley
and the triumph over Balor of the Evil Eye and his
Fomorians, but dates have yet to be set.

Things Irish

Irish traditional music and song, played by such

masters as the Chieftains, are known and celebrated
the world over. So are exports such as U2, Van
Morrison, Thin Lizzy, Clannad, Enya, Mary Black, Dé
Dannann, Sinéad O'Connor, Planxty, the Hothouse
There are a

few instruments and practices that may not be as

Flowers, the Pogues and the Cranberries

familiar, however:

© Step dancing is a form of traditional dance in
which the participants leap high into the air and ex-
ecute a number of complex patterns with their feet, all
while holding the upper half of their bodies rigid with
their arms straight down at their sides.

* Sean Nés singing features a very old style in
which an unaccompanied singer performs a song with
several verses, with each successive verse showing
variation as the song is developed. The singing is in
Irish, and the emphasis is on ornamentation, rhythm
and melody.

and tin whistle (also called a penny whistle) are the
mainstays of Irish traditional music. Less familiar, though
usually in the mix somewhere, are the uillean pipes, which
xcept that they are pumped by
d by the player's right arm against his side.

are similar to bagpipes
bellows sque
Bones from sheep or goats (each about 4-6 inches long) are
held in one hand and knocked together to produce the
complex "clickety-clickety" rhythms (somewhat like
spoons are played in a jug band). The bodhran (pro-
nounced bo-rann) is a small drum with only one head.
Traditionally made of goatskin stretched over a wooden
frame, it is played with a small, double-headed stick or
tapped with the hand. Its rhythms provide the steady beat
over which the interweaving patterns of the other instru-
ments are laid. The Celtic harp has been around since the
time of the Gaels. It was played by the great poets,

is undergoing a revival of popularity for the delica
and intricacy it brings to traditional music. The b
known compositions for harp were composed in the
18th century by the master harpist Turlough O'Carolan.
The Celtic harp is recognized the world over as the
symbol of Ireland.

© Irish wakes have achieved a reputation that
they probably deserved at one time. Until the end of
the last century, they were common in Ireland. Some
still follow the practice, but do so more discreetly and
quietly. The purpose of the wake was to allow rela-
tives, friends and neighbors to gather together the
night before the funeral and pray for the deceased. At
one time it also used to make certain that the
person was actually dead. To this end, the wake was a
"waking of the dead" in which the corpse was treated
as if he were still alive. Drinks were placed on the dead
person's coffin (or nearby ona table), card hands were
dealt to him, and occasionally, someone who was
really far gone with drink would grab the corpse and
dance a few steps with him.

In general, wakes usually turned into wild parties
given in the dead person's honor. Though there would
be keening and solemn prayers, eventually the gathered
crowd would tell amusing stories or relate stirring ex-
amples taught them by the dead person's exemplary (or
not so noble) life. Games, drinking (often of the illegal
whiskey known as poteen), eating, drinking, storytelling
and more drinking were the mainstays of a rousing Irish
wake. Frowned upon by the clergy, wakes were a com-
munity ritual designed both to reaffirm those left behind
and to make a final farewell to cherished friends and
family members.


Accommodations

Ranging from elegant and expensive converted c:
and country houses to smaller, comfortable and friendly
hotels to unpretentious youth hostels, Ireland's selection of
accommodations is truly vast. The choice depends on what
you want, how much you can afford, and where you're going.
Prices range from about $6 for hostels to $20 or so for a
decent room in a small hotel up to $200 for exclusive
lodgings in an island castle. Bed-and-breakfasts are popular
(and seemingly ubiquitous), as they allow tourists to meet
natives (and other travelers) in a more intimate setting —
usually a private home with a little extra space. B&Bs serve
a full Irish breakfast of eggs, sausage, bread, cereal, bacon,
orange juice and coffee or tea. For the adventurous, there are
campsites, though many of these are intended for use by
caravans rather than tent-users. Designated campgrounds
have toilets, running water and showers, and occasionally
they have kitchens, laundries and shops as well. Camping is

not allowed in state forests and national parks, and those

making a cozy bed for themselves in the boglands should
remember that peat is highly flammable.

General Informacion
Padtic Services

Both the Republic and Northern Ireland have local
and international phone service and mail. Medical services
for visitors can be obtained through arranging for insurance
to cover the cost of emergency care and specialists' fees.
Some pharmacies are called chemists, and some are identi-
rpent
entwined around a goblet (reminiscent of the caduceus).

fied only with the symbol of an old-fashioned

In the Republic, the police are called the Gardaf
(pronounced Gordee), while in Northern Ireland, they
are known as the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC).
Despite the popular belief that Northern Ireland is a
constant war zone, neither the Republic nor Northern
Ireland have much personal violent crime. The Gardaf are
friendly and helpful. Their Northern counterparts are
somewhat less approachable, having been the target of
bullets and bombs for so long.

Despite the recent cease-fire in Northern Ireland
(particularly since the apparent cancellation of that cease-
fire in early February of '96), visitors should not leave
packages unattended, as this may cause concern in an area
that until recently was targeted by both package and car
bombs. Some shops may ask customers to reveal the
contents of packages brought into the store as a routine
precaution. In general, even at the height of the Troubles,
tourists were rarely in any danger.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Otherdifficultiescan usually be handled either through
travelers' package tour operators, Bord Failte, the North-
ern Ireland Tourist Board or through the various embassies
in Dublin.

One service which has garnered much attention in
modern times is genealogical research. Those seeking to
trace their roots can find help at the Registrar General, the
Public Records Office, Registry of Deeds and the National
Library, all in Dublin. Local parishes also keep old records.
In Northern Ireland, the Public Record Office in Belfast
serves the same function.

Dassporvs and Customs

British citizens do not need a passport to travel to
Northern Ireland or to enter the Republic if they travel
directly from Britain. All others require a passport or na-
tional identity card toentereitherthe Republic or Northern
Ireland. Visas are not required of visitors from the EU

(European Union), US, Canada, Australiaand New Zealand.

Currency and Banking

Northem Ireland uses the Northern Ireland poundsterling
as its currency while the Republic of Ireland uses the punt (also
called the Irish pound). The punt isdivided into 100 pence. The
twocurrenciesare not interchangeable. Money from the United
Kingdom is accepted in the Republic at the value of its Irish
equivalents (about 98%). In the North, the Northern Ireland
pound has the same value as the British pound and both are
accepted. Strangely, although British pounds are ac
both North and South, the South does not accept the
Northern Irish pound, nor does the North take the Irish punt.

pted in

Money can be changed at international airports,
bureaus of exchange, several banks and at the General
Post Office in Dublin. An Irish punt is worth approxi-
mately $1.60 US currene

$1.55. Travelers' checks and credit cards are widely ac-

while the pound is worth about

cepted in the larger cities and towns.

Media

Ireland is served by two television channels, RTE
(Radio Telefis Eireann) 1 and Network 2. Additionally,
the four British television channels are available in most
parts of Ireland. Cable TV has become common in the
Republic, with many hotels offering the service. There are
ations, one of which is in the Irish
elic language, in addition to many local stations.

three national radio

Six national daily newspapers and five Sunday papers
are available, with the Irish Times being noted for its
excellence. The Belfast Telegraph, which goes on sale in
the afternoon, is Northern Ireland' top paper. The Times
and other British papers are available in large towns, and


magazines such as Newsweek and Time can be found in
major cities. Local and regional papers have good sections
on events, performances and celebrations in their areas.
Gay Community News has comprehensive listings of gay
locales including pubs and nightlife.

Time

All lreland ison Greenwich Mean Time, which is five
hours ahead of Eastern Standard Time (New York and the
eastern United States). From March through October,
Ireland observes Summer Time, which is one hour in
advance of Greenwich Mean Time.

Openings and Shopping

Shopping is usually a leisurely affair. Dublin and
Belfast have main shopping areas where stores are within
easy walking distance of one another. Those displaying an
overabundance of Irish symbols (leprechauns, shamrocks
and harps) are tourist traps with their "Irish" goods made
in Singapore. Shops with fine quality Irish-made goods
usually display a Guaranteed Irish symbol.

Among the most popular goods bought in Ireland are
Waterford crystal, tweeds from Donegal and Connemara,
jewelry with small pieces of Connemara marble in them,
Aran sweaters, Belleek porcelain, reproductions of Celtic
brooches, linen tablecloths and claddagh rings. Northern
Ireland is famous for its linen goods. Several small craft

workshops are located throughout rural Ireland, many of

which welcome visitors to demonstrations of their art from
leatherworking to sculpting thousand-year-old bogwood.

Many of the landmark buildings, castles and sites that
are of most interest to tourists have variable opening times
depending on the time of year and local whim. A general
tule of thumb is that most sites open at 10 a.m. and close
at 5 p.m. Some few are open later, depending on the
season; others close for lunch. Many are closed on Sunday
and Monday. During the summer, all attractions are open,
butare inundated with tourists. In winter, many are closed
except for certain days of the week (unless they're closed
for the entirety of winter). Some open for holidays such as
Easter, then close again until summer.

CDood and Acmosphere

Ireland is the natural home of changelings. They glean
Glamour from the thousands of tourists who come to Ireland
with dreams ofan emerald paradise. Willing to suspend their
disbelief, tourists kiss the Blamey Stone to become eloquent
and buy "lucky" shamrocks by the score. They attend medi-
eval feasts in Bunratty Castle, and search for great-grandma's
grave with sentimental tears. They are willing to let Ireland's
magic work on them and forget their mundane cares.


Ironically, though they provide changelings with much-
needed Glamour, when they converge on historic sites and
landmarks, or arrive en masse at a pub rumored to feature the
best in local talent, their lust for sensation, to cram as much
of Ireland into their itineraries as is possible, strips all the
Glamour away, leaving changelings bereft and sealing the
taint of Banality to the area. Often, the tourists themselves
feel it, leaving unsatisfied and vaguely troubled that highly
recommended attractions failed to move them.

Tourists are not the only source of Banality, however.
Centuries ofstrife, sorrowsand the diaspora of the Irish people
have engendered Banality as dreams were crushed, dreamers
were executed or fled, and old hatreds were allowed to fester
into violence. In the North, the hard men of the IRA and the
Protestant terrorist organizations, the stubborn extremists on
both sides, and the terror and angry reprisals of the British
have created a pall of tainted Glamour that threatens to
overwhelm any changeling coming into contact with it and
wrench her into the deepest throes of her Unseelie nature.

Nonetheless, there is still a sense of timelessness and magic
in the land. As the people re-evaluate their feelings and look
forward to a more prosperous future, they dream new dreams.
Andwhilethecease-firehasheld,newchangelingshaveemerged
in Northern Ireland, at lastable toclimb out from under Banality
and contact the Dreaming that lies hidden beneath the surface.

The Language

The official language of the Irish Republic is Irish
Gaelic. Should you be unfamiliar with the language, don't
despair. Most of the Irish don't speak it either; everyone
speaks English. Though there has been a campaign to save
the old language, and it is taught in schools and posted on
many signs, it is dying out. Of course, Irish has almost died
out before only to be rescued by W.B. Yeats, Lady Gregory
and Edward Martyn, who formed the Abbey Theatre,
creating a demand for plays and literature written in the
language. It has also served in the past as a rallying-point
for those who wished to throw off Britain's grip on Ireland,
and many Republicans use it in political slogans.

Only in the Gaeltacht, areas where Irish is spoken

daily, does it really survive. Most of those places are in the

West of Ireland, far from the more cosmopolitan

n when Irish Gaelic is written and spoken, there are
variations in the spelling and the pronunciation. Ask two
Irish speakers from diff
Failte (which lit
one will tell you it's pronounced Bord Falt-sche while the

nt areas how to pronounce Bord
lly means "the welcome board"), and

other says it's actually Bord Foil-tshe. This is made all the
more difficult because many of the letters in Irish Gaelic


words are not pronounced at all, a state of affairs that
prompted a revision of their spelling earlier this century.

Not everyone on the new versus the old, however.

The odd language constructions so familiar as stereo-
typical "stage Irishisms" actually came about due to Irish
speakers also speaking English and adapting Gaelic gram-

mar into English sentences. Thus, many otherwise
y still say such things as, "I'm after
sor "TIL

Though

unstereotypical Irish

going to the store," or "It won't do at all, s

be thanking you not to track mud into the hou

less frequent now than in the past, some of these are still
in evidence, especially in the more remote areas. Oddly,
while Irish Gaelic is dying in the Republic, there is
renewed interest in the language in Northern Ireland —
not only,
lican sympathies, bu

s might be expected, among those with Repub-

estant young people who
wish to explore their ties to an Irish heritage they may not
have been exposed to before. Translations of some Irish
words, particularly those related to place names can be

found in any good travel guide on Ireland.



There is
no present o1
happe sent or future — only the
appening over and over again — ni ly the past,
gain — now

ugene O'Neill, A Moon for the Misbegotten

re contained
two are

To My

he history I"

within The ear

inseparable.

were the sidhe, we are
only

2 to answer Tecan

who

only mak
As the A
provide you wi

T remain your

ial "Kinng Fear of Conn

Selkie chronicler

aught

Chapzer 7
pecr Two: A CDychical Miscory of Ireland
Slane


The CDychic Age

The Carhesz Secclers

Crossing a land bridge from Europe, which extended
north to cover what are now the British Isles, the first Irish
arrived about 8000 BC. Mesolithic hunter-gatherers, these
nomads used crude stone tools. Though they failed to
penetrate much farther than Antrim because of the dense
forests of oak and elm, many built defensible lake homes
called crannégs, artificially constructed islands upon which
they built their houses, Surrounded on three sides by
water, these circular wooden structures could be reached
only by a well-guarded causeway, a hidden pathway of
stones laid under the water or by boat. Even after the
people disappeared, their crannégs were discovered by new
arrivals and used for hundreds of years. The basic design
inspired the use of moats around castles.

The Origin of che Lomorians

Born of the fear-filled dreams of the earliest
settlers in Ireland, the ur-fae known as Fomorians,
or Fomhoire, were nightmare creatures with gi-
gantic, monstrous bodies and twisted minds. It is
unknown whether they took their name from the
human tribes or from a great chieftain or leader
among them. Terrible in warfare and frightening
in their command of the nascent magic which
would come to be knownas the Arts of the fae, the
Fomorians demanded and received tribute from
their human creators. So cruel and greedy were
they that many of the humans fled to Scotland
and into remote, isolated areas where the
Fomorians could not find them.

The fir Bolg

Sometime around 3700 BC, a group of tribes arrived
in hide-covered coracles, sailing over from Scotland via
the North Channel. Neolithic farmers, they moved into
the interior, clearing forests to plant crops and building
stone pens for their livestock. Rather than congregating in
villages, they preferred to dwell in isolated family settle-
ments. Their houses had stone foundations, thatched
roofs and walls made of planks or wattle and daub. This
architectural style has proven its longevity, as it is the
design of the quintessential Irish cottage.

Despite their scattered dwellings, these people,
known as the Fir Bolg, are credited with having built

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

the megalithic monuments that dot the island. There
are an estimated 1200 such sites in Ireland, ranging
from court tombs and portal tombs to the great passage
tombs such as Newgrange. While they are called "tombs,"
there is little evidence that most of them were origi-
nally constructed as burial mounds. Rather, they align
with underground waters or along straight tracks known
as ley lines, and some are arranged with such precise
engineering that a shaft of sunlight is focused into the
interior at a given time on the winter solstice. The
megaliths are still associated in the minds of the Irish
people today with "the fairy folk."

The Fir Bolg lived under the rule of the Fomorians.
Each year at Samhain, they were required to pay a
tribute to the hated Fomorians of two-thirds of their
corn, milk and children. Finally, they rose in rebellion
against their overlords. Only a few survived the battle.
These quit the island, supposedly traveling to Greece,
but later returned with greater strength. The Fir Bolg
Leinster,
Munster, Connaught and Ulster for the four cardinal

divided the island into five provinces

directions, and Meath, which occupied the center of
the country. Meath was later to be divided up among
other provinces by the British. Further, they insti-
tuted government by a king anda warrior elite. Sporadic
fighting with the Fomorians continued, but the Fir
Bolg would eventually be ousted by the legendary
Tuatha de Danaan.

CDidhe

Fae legend tells a different story of the prov-
ince of Meath. Rather than a physical location in
the center of the island, it was actually the "heart"
of the land, the kingdom of Arcadia. Though it
was not then called Arcadia, this "middle king-
dom" (known as Midhe) was accorded to the Fair
Folk asa sign of respect. Many sidhe believe it was
from this location that the Tuatha de Danaan
entered Hibernia — and where they later re-
turned when they left the island to the Milesians.
Others claim that the mighty beings appeared
from a storm cloud atop a hill in Connaught.

The first Celcs

Near the beginning of the Bronze Age, in approxi-
mately 2050 BC, early Celtic tribes known as the
Makers of delicate
pottery, exquisite bronze weapons and gold jewelry,

Beaker People reached Ireland.

these talented folk were the dreamers associated with
the Tuatha de Danaan.


The Tuachade Oanaan

We were wise, oh so wise,

Not given to lies or deceit.

We juggled secrets at our fingertips,

Wore diamonds at our feet.

We showed you ways to play old airs.

We said we could be friends.

But when our backs were turned, you got us in
the end.

—Horslips, "Sideways to the Sun"

Where the Fomorians were hideous and the Fir
Bolg small and dark, the Tuatha de Danaan were tall,
fair and beautiful. Greatly skilled in the magical arts,
the Tuatha foughtand defeated the Fir Bolg in aseries
of bloody battles. Gracious in triumph, they allowed
the defeated Fir Bolg to settle in the west of Ireland.

e Treasures of the se]

Tuatha de Oanaan

When the Tuatha de Danan came into
Ireland (which they alled Eriu) they brought

with them four great magical treasures. The
Lia Fail (Stone of Destiny), which shrieked
when touched by the rightful king, was long
kept at Tara (coronation place of the high
kings). The Spear of Lugh gu

tory. The Sword of Nuada

and the dron of the Daghda always

provided so much food that no one would be

Other treasures of note we
p, the Silver Arm of Ni

of Tara, it is

Fail. Countless visitors to the site have
destroyed wha Sa yoncehave
been there. Ky Ss tthatifahigh
king of the fae ever again comes to Tara, the
dormant magic within the stone will once
more proclaim the rightful ruler. High King
David of Concordia has never put the stone
tothe test. Because of this, the Irish Kithain
do not acknowledge him as High King.


the fae. Working alongside humans, they graced
the land with fertility, improved upon the workings
of the Fir Bolg, and constructed great chimeric
holdings. The Tuatha taught humankind many
wonderous arts and used their magics to make life
pleasant for all. As time went on, however, the
Tuatha began to specialize in certain arts and skills.
Some, like the smith Goibhniu, became workers in
silver, gold and bronze, creating wonderous items
and imbuing them with Glamour, while others, like
the Morrigan, found themselves drawn to the war-
like arts. Cairbre and his progeny embraced the arts
of poetry and lore, wile Dian Cecht was drawn to
healing and magic.

Godlike in their powers and wrapped in Glam-
our, it was only a matter of time until the Tuatha
de Danaan were challenged by the might of the
jealous Fomorians. Nuada, king of the Tuatha de
Danaan had been maimed in the war against the
Fir Bolg. Bres (known as "the Beautiful"), whose
mother was of the Tuatha and whose father was a
king of the Fomorians, was chosen as the new
king. He proved to be proud and lacking in gen-
erosity, and when the Tuatha demanded that he
renounce the kingship, he gathered an army of
Fomorians to punish them. There followed a ter-
rible battle in which the warring factions were so
mighty that the whole of the island is said to have
been bathed in the blood of the slain. Balor of the
Evil Eye, king of the Fomorians, was slain by
Lugh, who had been proclaimed the new king of
the Tuatha. Defeated, the Fomorians were ex-
pelled forever from Ireland.

Consolidating their gains, the Tuatha de
Danaan and their dreamers established their rule
over the whole of Eriu. This was a golden age for

Soon thereafter, other fae, created from the
dreams of the early Celts, were born. Because their
lives were less hard and more settled, the new fae
were somewhat less powerful as their godlike elders.
The Tuatha cherished these new children and
guided them in the ancient arts but already the first
winds of the sundering had begun to blow across the
green fields of Eriu.

House Bator

The sidhe, whose memories stretch back —_ bers of House Balor have no intention of

to the earliest times, claim that all Kithain
are descended from the Tuatha de Danaan.
This arrogant assumption that their Irish
ancestors are the only stock from which the
fae sprang not only infuriates commoners not
of Celtic stock such as the eshu, but blinds
them to a terrible danger that resides within
their midst — the Unseelie fae of House
Balor. This secretive house claims to be the
progeny resulting from Tuathan-Fomorian
unions.

All members of House Balor are marked
by some sort of deformity, a throwback to
their Fomorian blood. Such deformities are
not always apparent, nor are all of them
physical. It is little remembered by most fae
that this Unseelie house (who are accorded
the status of full sidhe) is actually related to
the Fomorians; most believe that the house
name is simply an Unseelie joke, a slap in the
face to the proud Seelie. The twisted mem-

disillusioning them.

Anamusing footnote: While Lugh (whose
name means "Shining One") is considered the
most perfect example of the graces and strengths
of the Tuatha de Danaan, and is claimed as the
forefather of many noble houses, it should not
be forgotten that his usual epithet, Lamhfhada,
means "of the long arm." Though this is usually
taken to mean that he fought from a distance
with weapons such as a spear, it was an accurate
description. His arms were slightly longer than
is usual. While not enough of a deformity to
keep him from the kingship, it did point to his
actual ancestry as a Fomorian-Tuathan cross.
Ironically, Lugh was the grandson of Balor,
whom he slew. Most sidhe do not remember
this detail — or prefer to forget that Lugh,
though not usually considered Unseelie, was
one of the first members of House Balor. (More

information on House Balor can be found in

The Shadow Court.)


To my patrons:

Te has been claimed by many ancient sidhe that the
Tuatha went out from Hibernia (or Eriu as it was then
known) into other parts of dhe world. There they took on
Afferent forms, becoming the gods and goNesses or the faerie
folk of many Nsparate cultures. from Africa throughout
the whole of Europe and into.Asia. For example, Ligh was
hnrown as Lleu to the"Welsh and Mercury to the Gauls and
"Romans. His name graces such far-flung places as Lyons
in France and Leiden in the Netherlands. Other cultures
also revered what was essentially a sun god. who probably
corresponded to Lugh. As the Celts migrated from

ohemia and southern Germany across most of Europe.
it és not inconceivable that the Tuatha returned to those
places where their dreamers once ruled. "Nor is it
impossible to imagine that they may have taken on those
forms first. as their Sreamers migrated. before they ever
arrived in Hibernia. They may even have originated in
Africa or Asia: we cannot be sure how far they
traveled. as they are no longer available for commentary.

While T mean no insult to you and the other nobles of
the Land. if the Tuatha indecd intermixed or were the genesis
of fae i1 Africa. Asia and Europe. it certainly raises an
interesting question as to why the sidhe are called noble.
while heir other children are assumed to be commoners.

L remain your servant
Siobhan ni Oghma

Some among the Tuatha de Danaan elders felt that
their close proximity to humans was harmful to the dream-
ers. Some among the humans, rather than accepting and
embracing their faerie brethren, were jealous of their
powers and greedy for their wealth. To assuage these fears
and hungers, the more powerful among the Tuatha began
to withdraw from human society, spending more time in
Arcadia while leaving contacts with mortals to their less
powerful, less fearsome children.

Many of the noble houses became established at this
time, though only the eldest among each house remem-
bers the ancient connections. House Dougal is descended

grandson of Goibhniu, master smith of the
Tuatha de Danaan. House Gwydion reckons their lineage
back to Lugh, the elected king. From this comes their
claim torulership. House Liam's most famous ancestor was
Nuada of the Silver Arm, who was ever concerned with
the well-being of all. When he was maimed, Nuada gave
up his kingship; after the treachery of Bres, when he was
once again king, Nuada stepped down in favor of Lugh,
who was best suited to lead. The fiery passions of House
Fiona are legendary — and easily understood since their
connection to the Tuatha de Danaan is through Brigit,
daughter of the Daghda and goddess of fire and poetry.

RATURATVRE


Both the Unseelie House Ailil and House Eiluned hark
back toacommonancestor—Ailil, the husband of Queen
Maeve of Connaught. It was Ailil's possession of a mag-
nificent white-horned bull that aroused his wife's jealousy
and sparked the Cattle Raid of Cooley. Because they are
known for their magical skills and are close kin to the
Unseelie of Ailil, House Eiluned is distrusted by many of
the other noble houses.

The lron Age
The Cold CUinds of the

Sundering

By 500 BC, a noticeable shift in the attitudes of
humans was taking place. Many failed to acknowledge the
fae's help; others demanded service rather than asking for
aid and thanking those who answered them. Humankind
and the fae began to grow distant from one another. The
Sundering took many fae by surprise, though in retrospect,
it should have been obvious that the old ways were dying
Respect forone another became harder tofind; the Unseelie
such as Houses Balor and Leanhaun began pushing for
more than theirshare of rulership. Rather than relinquish-
ing their hold when the year turned to the summer
months, they argued for a war to wipe out those who had
lost respect for them.

Atthis vulnerable moment, while Seelie and Unseelie
waged a war of words, a new Celtic tribe entered Eriu.

The CDilesians

Coming upon the more savage Fir Bolg in the west,
new arrivals, who called themselves the Sons of Mil or
Milesians, began to carve out a new kingdom for them-

elves. Sophisticated and vigorous, possessed of a set of

Land social customs governed by Brehon law (from the
word brehon, which means "jurist") and a precise and
comprehensive oral tradition, the people who were also
known as Gaels or Celts would become the dominant
culture of the land. They brought with them the one
weapon against which the Tuatha de Danaan had no
chance: the cold, killing metal known as iron.

The Mifl Espaine ("soldiers of Spain," which came
down to us as "Milesian") sailed to the island from Spain
because they believed that the name Hibernia was derived
from Iberia. A branch of the Celtic tribes who had spread
from the pes of western Russia across the face of
Europe and into India, they became a dominant power,
controlling lands as far east as Portugal. Considered to be
barbarians by the Romans because they chose not to
entrust their legends and history to a written language.

they were quite culturally advanced. The Celts were ruled


aN, NA Oa
EIVAATRAT

=a

@

e Cuchulainn and the &

Caccle Raid of Cooley

The importance of cattle to the Celts is clearly
demonstrated in the part of the Ulster Cycle known
asthe Tdin Bé Cualnge (The Cattle Raid of Cooley).
Maeve, queen of Connaught, comparingher wealth
with that of her husband Ailil, found that in all
things they were equal — except that Ailil had a
fantastic bull among his cattle and Maeve did not.
Learning that the king of Ulster owneda brown bull
the equal of her husband's, she sent a messenger to
offer the king generous gifts (including herself) for
the loan of the bull fora year. As the king was about
s boasted that they
could have taken the bull regardless. Insulted, he
sent them back to Connaught empty-handed. An-
gered by his refusal, Maeve led her people to war to
take the bull as a prize.

Because of a curse, the warriors of Ulster could
not awaken to do battle with Maeve's forces. In-
stead, Cuchulainn, son of Lugh, went out alone to
fight them. His invincible spear (the gae bolg) and
battle fury stood him in good stead, and he killed
many Connaughtmen each day until he agreed to
single combats instead. Though Cuchulainn won.
against each champion sent to fight him, Maeve
secretly stole the bull while Cuchulainn was en-
gaged in battle and drove it back across the border
into Connaught. There it fought with the bull of
Connaught and killed it. Having received terrible
wounds itself, the brown bull of Ulster returned
home and dropped dead.

to accept, the queen's emissari

One of the champions Maeve sent
Cuchulainn was his foster brother Ferdia. Ferdia had
nowish to fight Cuchulainn because todoso, the two
had to break their brotherly oaths to each other.
Maeve insisted, and as her sworn warrior, Ferdia had
toaccept the challenge. Ferdia wasslain in the battle.
Cuchulainn's dan, or fate, caught up with him after
Ferdia's death. En route to his final battle he was met
by the Morrigan (goddess of warfare, and some say
death), who invited him toshareameal ofroasted dog
with her. Cuchulainn was under two geasa: never to
refuse a feast, and never to eat dog. Forced to break
one geas, he chose to dine rather than insult the
goddess. Thus doomed, Cuchulainn fought his last
battle and was mortally wounded. Tying himself toa
stone pillar, he battled on until he died.

by elected rather than hereditary chiefs, and enjoyed a
tripartite society composed of free men who were noble
warriors and owned cattle and land, professionals (priests,
bards, diviners, storytellers, jurists and poets) and slaves
who performed most of the agricultural and herding du-
ties. Over each community or tribe was a king who owed
allegiance to an overking, who in turn owed fealty to a
high king (called the Ard-Ri).

The Celts reckoned their wealth in cattle. Cattle
raiding and ritualized warfare were hallmarks of their
society. To prevent easy theft and surprise attacks by
natives, they built numerous earthenwork and stone ring
forts. With their iron weapons and tools, the Celts, though
a minority, became the overlords of the island, defeating
the Beaker People, intermarrying and mingling the earlier
culture with their own. Thus the fierceness and energy of
Age
Irish melded into a society that would mold the Irish

the Milesians and the poetic artistry of the Bros

chi

The Uichdrawal of che Tuacha
de Oanaan

Landing in the southwest of Ireland on Beltaine, the
Milesians pushed toward Tara, seat of the high king, and met
there with the Tuatha de Danaan. Finding that these earlier
Celts had much in common with themselves, the Mile:
agreed to allow the Tuatha time to gather their hosts for war.
The Milesians briefly withdrew from the island, and fought
their war ical storm sent by the
Tuatha that threatened to blow them out to sea. Despite the
ical might of the Tuatha de Danaan and their children,
the sons of Mil prevailed, defeating the Tuatha at Tailtiu, the
site of annual festivities that were instituted by Lugh. Most

cter for the next thousand years

ans

ashore again despite a ma

ma

changelings attribute their victory to their possession of iron
swords, but this fails to tell the whole story.

Had the Milesians landed earlier than Beltaine, they
would have been met by a host of the Tuatha led by the
Unseelie among them. The Unseelie had often urged their
people to total war against humankind for their "crimes"
against the fae, but at the changing of the year during the
Beltaine feast, the ancient ways were followed, and it was with
aSeelie court that the Milesians dealt. The Seelie among the
fae recognized that the C
own people with many similar customs and an honorable

were distant cousins of their
method of waging warfare. Some among the fae foresaw that
the time of closeness between Earth and Arcadia was
drawing toa end, and counseled their people to accept what
could not be changed. They urged complete withdrawal.
Others thought that if they could defeat the upstarts, the
Sundering would die away and they could return to the old

ways. These fae called for total, unconditional war.

Chapcer Two: A Cdychical Hise ory of Ireland


The majority of the Tuatha, however, recalling the
seas of blood which had washed the land during their
battles with the Fir Bolg and the Fomorians, were reluc-
tant to unsheathe their weapons of great might against
their children's children; they refused to bring forth the
Sword of Light or Lugh's spear, lest their destructive
powers be loosed upon both human and fae alike. Instead,
they met the Milesians with honor, armed only with
bronze. And they lost.

Legend states that the corn would not grow, nor the
cows give milk until the Mi

agreed to divide the
d with their defeated foes. It $

s greed that the
would henceforth occupy the overl:
would retreat beneath the earth. Many

within raths and megalithic stone monuments, and it was
to these they actually withdrew, all but disappearing from
the world. The misunderstanding concerning where they
went caused the Celts to name them the sidhe or "gods who
dwell within the earth."

Some mortalsstill sought out the sidhe, hoping thereby
to gain knowledge of their magical Arts and secrets, and
the sidhe still held their old festivals and rode out to the
hunt every now and then. Those who still believed in
them made pacts with them, promising to honor their
ancient places and to make token offerings of respect.

The Children of che Tuatha

A curious division among the fae now took place.
Because it was within their accorded underground
realms, certain fae became associated with mining.
From these developed the kith known as nockers.
Those who set out the required offerings or who were
truly in need were often assisted by the fae who became
the boggans. The storytellersand poets, called shanachie
by the Irish, were the ancestors of the eshu. Though
African faeries claim that they were the first eshu,
there has long been a tradition of wandering storytell-
ers in Hibernia. It is likely that the two strains came
together in the Dreaming, where distances are not
always so great, and merged into one kith.

Tricksters or "wise fools" had always been accorded
aplace withthe Celts, ashad the tradition ofshapeshifting
andaffinities with certain animals. Those who bestfilled
those roles became the irrepressible pooka. From the
angry faeries, many of whom were Unseelie who dis-
agreed with the decisions made by the Seelie Court,
arose kith who still went forth and battled humans,
dipping their caps in the blood of theirenemiesasasneer
at the sensibilities of the other fae and to terrorize the
hated mortals. From these rose the redcaps.

30 Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Lusty and vain, those whose music could set
hearts aflame with passion became the satyrs. They
were more associated with Greece than Hibernia, but
may have simply returned to a land their dreamers
(the Fir Bolg) had found pleasant. The largest warriors
among the fae became the trolls. Giants had been
known in Eriuand Scotland, and these would eventu-
ally mingle with the many who were born of the
dreams of the Northmen or Danes.

The sidhe (though not yet known by that name),
whose interests lay in governance and warfare, were
already established, being the closest to their tall,
beautiful Tuathan parents. Interestingly, those closest
to the sidhe, who knew many great secrets, chose to
actually occupy some of the underground places set
aside for them, many of which were originally tombs.
As time passed, they changed to fit their environment.
The Celts who saw the hosts of fae ride out to the hunt
on certain nights of the year called them the Sluagh
Sidhe -— the Fairy Host. Eventually, the "shining ones"
came to be knownas the sidhe, while the whisperers in
the dark became the sluagh.

Two other kith were associated with Ireland. The
first combined aspects of some of their dreamers, the
Beaker People—practical, yet exquisite craftsmanship—
with that of their otherdreamers, the Fir Bolg, from whom
they derived the talent to disappear in "the twinkling ofan
eye." Thus were bor the clurichaun, singers of songs,
players of exquisite music, collectors of fine items, diplo-
mats of unparalleled ability among the fae and notorious
tipplers. Theyare often confused with leprechauns (whom
many fae believe to be nonexistent), shoemakers to the
Fairy Host and reputed owners of pots of gold.

The second kith were the selkies and their cousins
the merrow, or merfolk. Their story is tied in with that of
Lugh. Balor, Lugh'sgrandfatherandkingoftheFomorians,
was told by a prophet that he would be slain by his
grandchild. Hopingtoprevent this, Balorfirstlockedaway
hisdaughter. When she meta young warriorofthe Tuatha
and had children by him (six, so it was said), Balor caught
all of them except Lugh and flung them into the sea. The
five children survived this brutal fate when they were
changed intoseals—somesay by the magic ofManannan
Mac Lir. These became the first selkies. Their kin, the
merrows, rose up against the sidhe when they blocked
accessto Silver's Gateat the time of the Shattering. They
were so utterly defeated that they fell back into the sea,
forgetting their faerie natures and remaining ever since
as the friendly, playful dolphins. Whether they ever
recovered their fae identities is unknown.

WUE aNGNGN NANAK ONAN YAS
faved UP ADV RALURALURE

Celzic Sovereignty

Throughout the rest of Europe and in Britain, the
Roman legions began to carve out an empire and im-
pose Roman law on the conquered lands. Despite plans
made to invade Hibernia, however, the Romans never
did. The Celts were thus left to develop their society,
holding to the Brehon law and following their own
customs. Practicing piracy along the shores of Britain,
they did come into contact with Rome and invented a
written language based ona system of lines and notches,
each representing a different letter. These were carved
upon the corners of huge, upright stones that came to be
known as oghams (rhymes with "poems").

There were many battles, both political and ac-
tual, among those nobles who sought to become high
king. Those who had been content to be doughty
warriors of their tribes now became noble lords and
ladies, vying for honors and lands. And the fae fol-
lowed suit. The stage was not yet completely set with
all the props that would make up the Irish character
and society, however. That would have to wait for the
arrival of Christianity.

The Feman Cycle

The Fenian Cycle celebrates the values of the

Celtic culture from which it sprang. The heroes are
loyal to their clan, warlike, extravagant, larger than
life, boastful and filled with pride. They also value
honor, prowess in battle and poetry. Because of the end
of the stories, they also represent a transition peri
during which Ireland moved from paganism to
tianity, and the Sundering rendered the things of fa
more and more distant from the things of the Earth.
The songs and poems of the Fenian Cycle concern
the great hero Finn MacCool (Fionn mac Cumhaill)
and his warband, the Fianna. Like the Red Branch
Knights, the
band of heroes, each chosen for his strength, bravery,
prowess in battle and athletic ability. Many among
them were also accomplished poets and diplomats.

Fianna (or Fenians) of Erin were a famous

Sworn to fight against any foreign invaders for the
high king, they roamed the island (particularly the
southern and eastern portions) and served as peace-
keepers among the lesser kings of the realm. Their
most famous leader was Finn MacCool.


Finn's father Cool was leader of the Fianna until his
rival, Goll Mac Morna, slew him, stole the Treasure Bag of
the Fianna, and drove Cool's family into Connaught. Flee-
ing Clan Morna, Cool's wife gave birth to Finn and gave
him into the care of two of her bondswomen to rear him in
secret until he was old enough to challenge Goll for leader-
ship of the Fianna. His caretakers took him to the Slieve
Bloom Mountains in Tipperary, where he grew up learning
all the skills of a warrior and many secrets of nature. When
Finn was 14, Goll heard tales of the golden youth, and Finn
was forced to leave and take service with kings and nobles.

Gathering a band of youths around him, Finn traveled
through the countryside. They came upon a woman who put
Finn under geas to avenge her son's death. When he did so,
he recovered a strange bag made from the skin of a crane.
Taking the bag, they traveled until they came upon the
remnants of his clan, led by his uncle Crimnal. Crimnal
identified the bag as the Treasure Bag of the Fianna, and said
it had been prophesied that when the bag was recovered,
Finn's clan would once again rule the Fianna.

Along the way to reclaiming his heritage, Finn studied
poetry with a bard named Finnegas who fed him the Salmon
of Knowledge, said to impart to its eater all the wisdom of the
world. Finn traveled on to Tara where he promised to slay a
goblin who burned down Tara every year in return for the
leadership of the Fianna. He succeeded with the help of an
enchanted spear. Goll swore fealty to him, and Finn became
captain of the Fianna. Under his leadership, the Fianna were
renowned for their honor, bravery and generosity.

Finn fell in love with the faerie maiden Sava and sheltered
herinhishome from the Black Druid, who wished her ill. When
hewascalledaway tofightraiders, he cautionedhertostay within
his dun's ramparts, but she was lured out by an illusion of Finn,
changed into a fawn by the Black Druid, and driven away. Finn
searched for her for seven years. Though he never found her,
hediscovereda wild, golden-haired boy who was theson Sava
bore him. Finn took his son home and named him Oisin.

Finn's quarrel with Diarmaid over the fair Grainne
became the basis for the tale of Tristan and Isolde. Oisin, the
poet of the Fianna, was taken away to the Land of the Ever
Young by Niav of the Golden Hair, daughter of the king of
Faerie. Desiring to see his homeland once more, Oisin rode
afaerie steed back to Erin, but was told by Niav not to let his
foot touch the ground or he would never see the Land of the
Ever Youngagain. When he returned, Oisin sawa holy man.
and asked where the Fianna were. The priest replied that
the Fianna had been gone from the world for 300 years.
Disbelieving, Oisin rode on, but stopped to help some men.
lift a slab of granite out of a quarry. His saddle girth broke,
and he plummeted to the ground. The faerie horse became
awisp of smoke as all 300 years of Oisin's true age rushed on
him at once, and he sank to the ground in death.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Itis claimed that before he died, Oisin had time to tell
his story and that of the brave Fianna to the holy man —
a holy man named St. Patrick.

The Christian Cra (f
The Island of Sainzs and (-

Scholars

Larise today through the strength of heaven...
Christ with me, Christ before me, Christ behind me,
Christ in me, Christ beneath me, Christ above me,
Christ on my right hand, Christ on my left...
—Saint Patrick, "Lorica"

Saint Pacrick

Although there were scattered attempts to bring
Christianity to Ireland as the new faith took hold in
Europe, it was not successfully imported until the fifth
century AD with the advent of St. Patrick. Other Irish
saints, such as Columbcille, Brendan, Brigid and countless
more guided the young faith and left their particularly Irish
stamp on it, but it is Patrick who is first in the hearts of the
Irish. As a young man, this aging missionary had been
captured by Irish raiders and made a slave for several years.
Escaping back to his native Wales, Patrick took his vows
and became a priest. Over the next 20 years, he studied
scripture and learned administration and construction.
Always in his heart he desired to return to pagan Ireland
to bring its people to Christianity. His wish was granted
when he was some 40 years old.

Driven out of Wicklow, he sailed north, putting in to
Strangford Lough and landing in the shadows of the
Mountains of Mourne where he climbed to a barn and
celebrated Mass. Dichu, a local chieftain to whom the
barn belonged, became Patrick's first convert and deeded
him the land and barn, where he built his first church.
With the end of winter, Patrick set out for Tara to win the
patronage of the Ard-R{, or high king.

This was the eve of King Laoghaire's birthday, and his
royal decree was that no fires be lit until his Druids kindled
ablaze atop the Hill of Tara. From the darkness across the
Boyne River, all suddenly saw a blaze spring up. The king
demanded of his Druids who had done such a thing. They
are said to have replied, "Unless that fire is extinguished
this night, it will burn forever. It will outblaze all fires that
we light, and he who lit it will conquer us all and rule over
this island henceforth." The king sent soldiers to put out
the fire and capture the one responsible for lighting it.


Though they took Patrick prisoner and led him back to
Tara, legend states that they were unable to quench
Patrick's paschal flame, lit in honor of Easter. Ashe and his
followers were taken to Tara, Patrick composed the Lorica
as a shield against harm and a comfort for them.

Patrick argued his case so convincingly that the Ard-
Ri allowed him to preach and convert. From that time
until his death, Patrick and his entourage, who were able
to build a church from whatever materials lay at hand,
crisscrossed the island making converts, consecrating
priests, and building churches. The saint is said to have
spent 40 days atop Croagh Patrick, a conical mountain
that rises above Clew Bay, in fasting and prayer. He took
counsel with an angel there. To this day, Croagh Patrick
is a place of special pilgrimage, and once a year there is a
procession to its top. Many of those who climb it do so in
bare feet as a sign of their submission and commitment

Stories abound concerning Patrick driving the snakes
out of Ireland. Since those reptiles never made it across the
land bridge before Ireland became an island, it has often
been surmised that the literal meaning is that he defeated
and drove out the Druids. This seems unlikely as almost
100 years after the saint's death, St. Columba was known
to tell his listeners, "Christ is my Druid." It is far more
likely that Patrick, like many other missionaries through-
out the centuries, reconciled Christian beliefand practices
with those of the pagan Druids, in effect, taking over
where they left off.

Near the end of his life, Patrick constructed a great
stone cathedral at Armagh, only two miles from the
fortress of Emain Macha. A school and monastery were
added, anditeventually becamea great university. Though
he wished to die in Armagh, he heard God's voice tell him
to return to Strangford Lough where he had built his first
church. Patrick died there on March 17, AD 493. He was
buried ina spot thatadjoins the churchyard of Downpatrick
Cathedral; his grave is marked by a stone boulder upon

"p.

which is carved acrossand the simple inscription: "Patric."

The Carly Church

The early Christians of Ireland were very ascetic.
They built monasteries in wild places such as the Skelligs,
barren windswept islands off the coast of Kerry. Being
mainly scholarly and missionary in their aims, the early
saints attracted followers and made converts wherever
they traveled. Their monasteries became renowned
throughout Europe during the Dark Ages as the light
which kept the flame of Christianity and learning alive.
Their illuminated manuscripts, such as the Book of
Kells, are justifiably famous. From their monasteries in oT
Ireland, the priests reached out and became missionar-
ies across the face of Europe. \

Chapcer Two: A CDychical Hiscory of Ireland


The monasteries also became the focus for many of the
land's riches. Abbots were often relatives of petty kings and
nobles, who left their treasures and worldly goods in the care of
the monks (gaining blessings thereby). Additionally, Chris-
tian kings often deeded great tracts of land to their local
monasteries. The Church thus held not only spiritual power
overthe people, butin many casesactedas their landlordsas well.

The Roman Catholic Church and the Irish version of that
faith did not always see eye to 2 or one thing, many Irish
priests were married and had children. [twas not unusual to find
that a monastery was founded and maintained by an extended
family consisting of the clan head (the abbot), his wife and
children, theirspousesand children and whatever cousins chose
tolive with themas well. The Irish faith also embraced much of
the loreand mysticism of the land, including the belief in faeries.

Eaerie Kmighcs and Celzic
Chriscianicy

Like theirdreamers, many of the fae who were left
in Ireland embraced the Celtic Christian religion,
which linked the new faith with older pagan rituals.
Thus, in the Celtic Christian faith, the fire goddess
Brigit became associated with St. Brigid, and many
Druidic customs and rites became a part of the Chris-
tiancelebration in Hibernia. New fae, born in Christian
times, became Christian knights. Many of these were
sidhe nobles who found inspiration through their
espousal of this new faith. Stories, poems and songs
still abound concerning both the deeds of the noble
faerie knights and of Christian knights who found
themselves enamored of faerie lovers.

Some fae even found that the passionate dreams
of the vital young religion fired them to become
priests themselves. Among these were many com-
moners who felt a kinship with the lowly carpenter's
son who became the King of Heaven. Certainly the
glorious illuminated manuscripts that were drawn
during this period still resonate with the Glamour of
the devotion and artistry that went into their making.

Conformicy

From the sixth to the ninth century, the church grew

in size and importance, until, as the Druids prophesied,
flame conquered all and looked to rule over the island
forevermore. In AD 664, the Synod of Whitby d

that the Irish Church should conform to Rome

the date of Easter. It would only be a matter of time before
the mystical hybrid that was the Celtic Catholic Church
would be forced to bow to Rome and conform to her
dictates regarding doctrine and practice.


The Fae As Oemons

Despite many noble faes' embracing of the new reli-
gion, the change in tone and beliefs enforced on the Celtic
Christian Church by Rome inevitably excluded most ofthe
fae. Faced with edicts that labeled them demons, sorcerers
andagentsofcorruption, some fae whohadacceptedthenew
faith now found themselves ostracized by the Church,
banned from holy ground and forbidden to participate in
the Church's rituals. Their pagan cousins, who had never
accepted Christianity, welcomed them back into the fold
and incited them against the Christians. While some
lamented their lossandsoughttoprove themselves worthy,
many of the fae were greatly angered at this perceived
treachery by the Church. Though the sidhe claim that
most of the more outrageous practices visited upon Chris-
tians by embittered faeries were the work ofthe commoners,
theycertainly engagedin theirownill wishingsand treachery
against the closemindedness of the Roman Church.

These fae deliberately set out to act out the demonic
roles the Church assigned to them. They stole mortals
away to Arcadia (especially impressionablechildren whose
dreams intrigued them), cursed the cow so her milk was
soured, and seduced Christians with their fae beauty,
leading them to sheltered spots where they danced,
feasted and loved in fierce opposition to Church doctrine.
This in turn led to the Church's further condemnation of
the fae as seducers and corrupters of the faithful.

Tt also led to frictions among the fae themselves.
Christian faeries, who felt that they were unjustly perse-
cuted, but who nevertheless sought to protect their mortal
neighbors from predation by the most vicious anti-Chris-
tian fae, found themselves battling their own kin. Many
mortals still believed in faeries and honored them in the
ancient ways despite being nominally Christian. Other
mortals were genuinely frightened by stories of malicious,
evil faeries, and their protectors, such as those of Houses
Liamand Scathach, tried to shield them from the wrath of
the vengeful fae. Despite their efforts, asthe Church gained
in prosperity and power, the fae lost ground and were
relegated to their new role as demons and agents of Satan.
While fae families were ripped apart by religious bickering
and outright battle, while noble fought commoner and
Christian fought pagan, mortal perceptions began to erode
the very essence of the fae. Many who had chosen to stay
in the world now left for Arcadia; others fell into their
Unseelie natures in response to Christian beliefs. Behind
thesmoothserenity of mortalacceptance ofaChristianized
Hibernia, battles that would lead to continued enmity and
lifelong hatreds raged among the fae. And the nightmares
set in motion by the condemnation of the fae slowly and
inevitably led to the Shattering.

The Vikings

The peaceful life enjoyed by the people of Ireland
was rudely shattered by the arrival of Viking raiders in
AD 795. These wild sea wolves plundered the defense-
less monasteries and communities, making off with
their treasures and often many of their people. Some of
the reavers came only to slaughter, making sacrifices
to their gods. The terrified monks and farmers were
particularly afraid of the huge warriors among the
Vikings. Gigantic, fierce and strong, the trolls of the
Norsemen had arrived. Panic ruled whenever Viking
ships were sighted.

To protect themselves, the monasteries built great
round towers which served as lookouts for Viking raiders
and into which the monks quickly loaded their treasures
(and themselves) whenever Viking ships were spotted.
The towers, such as the noted one at Glendalough, had
no doorat ground level. Instead the entryway was high up
the side of the tower, reached by a rope ladder which was
pulled up behind the fleeing monks.

By AD850, the Vikings had begun to establish port
towns in Ireland. Dublin, Waterford, Limerick and
Wexford were all walled towns built by the Vikings.
Despite their fierceness, the Vikings began to trade
with the Gaels rather than raiding. They taught the
Irish new farming methods, introduced them to coin-
age, and taught them the Viking method of shipbuilding.

The Vikings became overlords in: many parts of
the South, and were often approached to provide
military strength to back up one king's claim or
another's to the high kingship. After a period of
relative peace (in which the Irish trolls made over-
more Viking: raiders
invaded and began plundering again. After a period of
warfare, Sitric Silkenbeard, Viking king of Dublin,
surrendered in AD 999 to Brian Boru of Munster, high
king of Ireland (who had usurped the high kingship
from the O'Connors)

tures to their Viking cousin:

In 1014, Brian found that he had to battle the
Vikings again, and defeated a joint army of Vikings and
the King of Leinster at Clontarf. Though this broke the
power of the Vikings, Brian was murdered in his tent
after the battle, and the O'Connors, the O'Loughlins
and the O'Briens began fighting among themselves to
determine who would become high king. Many Seelie-
Unseelie battles and feuds arose during this time. The
Vikings themselves began to integrate with the native
population. Their legacy can be seen among many
natives of Ireland to this day in the bright red hair they
inherited from their Danish ancestors.

Chapcer Two: A Cdychical Hiscory of Ireland 35


A |ew Remaining Larchful

Though many of the leaders of the land either
scoffed at the idea that the fae lived among them or
that they had ever existed, the common people kept
them in their hearts, telling the old tales, speaking
respectfully and paying the old tithes of a bowl of milk
oradrop of whiskey left out to appease "the Fair Folk."
Nevertheless, ravaged by their internal battles and
responding to the new perceptions of them as demons,
many fae chose to leave the earth. A mass exodus to
Arcadia began. Places that had once held faerie pal-
aces were sealed up and forgotten; mortal dreams and
aspirations turned to more practical pursuits; and the
Glamour began to fade from the land as fewer and
fewer faeries remained. Soon, although some mortals
still left gifts for the fae on their doorsteps, there were
often no fae left to claim them.

The Norman Invasion

While the great lords fought among themselves and
failed to unify under a strong leader, the people of the
land suffered. Because of the lack of unity among the
Irish kings and the continued adherence to Celtic mys-
ticism by the Irish Church, the country was ripe for
invasion. In true Irish fashion, great consequences re-
sulted from a seemingly private family matter. Dermot
MacMurrough, king of Leinster, had made off with the
wife of Tiernan O'Rourke. Having
wrong candidate for the high kingship, MacMurrough

so supported the

found himself hard-pressed by the united forces of
O'Rourke and high king Rory O'Connor. In 1166, he fled
overseas and swore an oath of fealty to the English king
Henry Il in return for permission to raise an invasion
force of Norman knights. Angered by the Irish Church's
continued "pagan" practices and wishing to support his
homeland (he was an Englishman), the Pope gave his
blessing to the proposed expedition.

Some 100 or so years after they had helped William of
Normandy win the English crown, the descendants of
those Norman knights invaded Ireland. The native Irish
had poor weapons compared to the Normans, who overran
large tracts of land, then consolidated their hold on them
with castles, moats and walled towns.

The Anglo-Norman nobles, led by Richard de
Clare (nicknamed Strongbow), occupied the major
towns, leaving only a few poorer lands in the west and
north of Ireland to the Irish. King Henry, a little
concerned by his nobles' success, proclaimed himself
overlord of Ireland, a title the Pope confirmed in 1172

Immorcal Cyes: Court of all Kings

Cousin Against Cousin

While it is possible that the fae might have
turned the tide had their knights fought alongside the
overmatched Irish, they had little incentive to do so.
In truth, they were engaged in difficulties of their
own. Aside from their internal bickering (matching
that of their human counterparts), they found them-
selves assaulted on all sides by Banality as fewer and
fewer people came to truly believe in them. Even
worse, they would have found themselves pitted against
their own cousins, the fae of Normandy. Given such
a choice, they instead extended a welcome to their
relatives, a choice which made it possible for the
Normans to easily overcome the Irish.

when the Normans began founding new monasteries —
monasteries that had English abbots and conformed to
Rome's doctrines. Henry granted fiefs in Ireland to his
Norman barons. The Irish chiefs, having little choice,
were forced to pay him homage. The Normans built
mighty castles to defend the land they had taken, which
came to be known as the Pale. For the first time, inland
towns were founded to serve as market places and
staging areas from which the barons could assert their
authority. MacMurrough, restored as king of Leinster,
gave his daughter to Strongbow and made him his heir
in return for helping him regain his lands.

Though the Anglo-Normans became the dominant
force in the south and east of Ireland, the area known as
the Pale fluctuated greatly. The Gaelic lords continued
fighting for over four centuries, and most of their hold-
ings in the north and the west were never fully conquered
or subdued. John de Courcy, a Norman knight, did
conquer large sections of Counties Down and Antrim.
He is best remembered for donating relics of Sts. Patrick,
Columba and Brigid to the town of Downpatrick and
appointing himself Earl of Ulster. When John Lackland
became king of England, de Courcy refused to do hom-
age, allying himself instead with the native Irish kings.
For this he was stripped of his earldom and his lands
awarded to the de Lacys.

The English kings were beset by other problems, and
the barons in Ireland became both independent and
powerful. Many, such as the de Burgos (Burkes) became
"more Irish than the Irish themselves." Due to their power,
the Anglo-Norman rulers of Ireland were able to convene
the first Irish Parliament in Dublin in 1297. Though it was
a Parliament of the Anglo-Norman landholders, it still
served notice to the English crown that the Irish nobles
were beginning to think in terms of independence.


Ocach of che Oream

In 1314, Robert Bruce of Scotland defeated the
English forces at Bannockburn. He dreamed of a united
Celtic kingdom and invaded Ireland to make it a real-

his brother Edward on the throne of Ireland.

year of famine and disease, however, and the
war made things worse. Edward's rule was a disaster. He
was killed at Dundalk, ending Bru dream. The Irish
great chiefs continued to hold their territories, and the
lands of the Pale became smaller and smaller.

Prelude co the Shacvering

The Church, fighting for the souls of the
faithful in its attempt to institute a common,
agreed-upon doctrine, found it convenient to
equate the old faeries with demons and devils.
And more and more fae began to respond to these
beliefs. Arcadia was drawing ever farther from the
Earth, and many of the noble houses had already
withdrawn there, perhaps foreseeing the time
when passage along the trods would be impos-
sible. Though there had been many warnings and
the build-up was gradual, there is still a date
which singularly marks the Shattering.

1348 was the year that the Black Death came
upon the lands. One-third of Ireland's population
died of the plague in three years. In pain and fear,
humans turned against those they believed re-
sponsible, the fae they now saw as devils and
tormentors. All over the world, the freezing force
of Banality crashed in, annihilating the fae and
slamming shut the gates to Arcadia.

To My Patrons.
As you know. historical fact after the Shat-
very difficult to verify for the sidhe. Since
you were not present during most of the events yet
to be recounted. I shall offer chem in brief form.
These constitute what the mortal historians be-
lieve happened. shaded by the views of the commoners.
While Tam certain that many of these Kithain are
quite honest. their vested interest. coupled with
your ignorance of these events, leads me to be
cautious in my belief that every one of these
historical events" recounted here is fact. rather
than fancy. With that caution in mind. T hereby
present you with the history of the Interregnum

"Your servant,

Siobhan ni Oghma


The Scacuces of Katkenny

Various land grabs and arranged marriages among the
aristocracy resulted in giving Irish land into the hands of
English absentee landlords. The Anglo-Irish lords, who inter-
married with the Irish and adopted many of their customs,
actually lived in Ireland and became a distinctive class.
Concerned that the English residents were "going native,"
Edward III sent his son Clarence to nd. Under his
auspices, the Statutes of Kilkenny were formulated. These
included such restrictions as: forbidding trade or marriage
with the Irish, banning the use of Irish names, the institution
of English common law, and nocontact with Irish singersand
poets would be tolerated, since they were obviously "spies."

Though the crown lacked the power to adequately
enforce these restrictions, their intentions were clear: to
stop the English aristocracy from becoming Irish, and to
limit the effectiveness of the native Irish, lest they revolt
against those they still saw as "foreigners."

Changeling Spies

In actuality, there were spies among the Irish poets
and singers, but less to spy on English doings than to judge
the pulse of the new society and to look for signs of
continueddreamingamongthe mortals. Clurichaun bards,
eshu storytellers and pooka jesters crept from the
the Shattering to once again find their places on the
fringes of mortal society. They kept alive the old stories
and tales that the fae should not be forgotten, and wove
new legends from the deeds of grand ladies and lords.

Ireland Underche Tudors

From this time until the succession of Henry VIII to the
throne, England was unable to formulate any coherent plan
for Ireland. Occupied by war with France and the War of the

» English mostly ignored the Irish, leaving them to

nce of the Anglo-lrish earls. From about 14200n,

arls were virtually autonomous. New Irish nationalist

feelings emerged, led (strangely enough) by one of the great

Norman families, the Geraldines. The earls backed the wrong

horse in the succession, however, and the Irish Parliament
was forbidden to meet without royal consent in 1494

Many of the Anglo-Irish were just as tired of English
overlordship as the native Irish. In 1534, Silken Thomas
Fitzgerald (one of the Geraldines), head of the Kildares,
renounced his allegiance to Henry VII. Then in 1535,
desiring a divorce from his wife and unable to obtain it
from the Pope, Henry broke with the Catholic Church.
He founded the Church of England and dissolved the
Catholic monasteries in 1539.


Catholic against Procescane
against Pagan

As if the battle between paganism and Chris-
tianity had not been devastating enough, Henry's
decree created a new split among the changelings.
Despite their persecution by the Church, almost
all the changelings of Ireland now found them-
selves being born into Catholic families and
practicing the Catholic faith. Some among them
embraced Henry's new religion as a means of es-
caping Rome's stranglehold. As in the mortal world,
battles ensued. House Scathach, in their role as the
only sidhe left, attempted to mediate among the
various groups, but usually to no avail. All too
often they fell to their own passions, provoking
worse battles than those they attempted to stop.
Those who continued to adhere to the old beliefs
refused to deal with either of these Christian reli-
gions, feeling they were both equally banal.

Knowing that the Catholic Irish on his doorstep
could prove to be a problem, Henry bribed the Irish
Parliament into declaring him king of Ireland. He
assumed "ownership" of all Irish land, then gave it
back to the aristocracy in the form of grants. Sweeping
aside their own laws which had failed to recognize the
Irish at all, the English granted the native Irish land
for the first time under English law. The O'Neills, the
O''Briens and the Burkes became earls.

The reforms this was intended to bring about were
not really successful, and Henry gained little support
from the native Irish because he failed to understand
the nature of Irish clan society. Native Irish chieftains
were not feudal lords who owned the land. Rather,
they were elected from within the clan (usually by
virtue of being the strongest male). Henry's attempts
to anglicize the Irish through hereditary earldoms
could not work because the leader was not always from
the same family.

Atthis point, it became apparent that warfare and
legislation would never win Ireland over for the En-
glish
country by burning St. Patrick's staff and other holy
Even against the Catholic monarch Mary Tu-

ward V1 attempted to make Ireland a Protestant

relics
dor there was resistance. Mary confiscated land from
the O'Connors and the O'Mores, planted English
settlers on the land, and created King's County (Co.
Laois) and Queen's County (Co. Offaly) in 1557.
Resistance continued against Elizabeth I. Sporadic
wars flared up and died, notably the Geraldine revolt

(ended in 1583 due to Irish disunity as much as any
other cause) and the revolt of Hugh O'Neill, earl of
Tyrone, which was ultimately put down by Mountjoy,
Lord Deputy of Ireland. Neither revolt worked because
Ireland was too politically unstable to unify and fight
for freedom. In effect, the revolts occurred in a vacuum
and ultimately achieved nothing except to break the
power of the earls.

The Elight of the Carls

In 1606, British authorities formally abolished the
traditional Irish system of Brehon Law. Although Hugh
O'Neill had submitted to the crown after his revolt was
crushed and had retained his lands in Ulster, pressure
was being placed on him and his authority was being
curtailed. The overwhelming majority of his followers
were Catholics, and James I insisted on levying the
recusancy fine on them (for failure to attend Church of
Ireland services; the Church of Ireland was virtually
synonymous with the Church of England). Apparently
unwilling to rule without real authority in lands his
family had held for generations, O'Neill and his younger
brother Rory, the earl of Tyrconnell, left Ireland in
what has come to be known as the Flight of the Earls.
This left the native Irish with no real leaders of their
own, and opened the lands in Ulster to settlement by
Scot:
the province. The Troubles in Northern Ireland today

nd English, an event which shaped the history of
can be traced back to the plantation of Ulster.

My dear Patrons,

Although we have no absolute proof of
this, it has been theorized that the disillusion-
ment of the earls and their subsequent flight
may have been exacerbated by the underhanded
workings of Unseelie elements among the
commoners. "Native Irish "Kithain have ar-
gued that the Unseelie English "Kithain
attempted a takeover of the northern portion
of the island. That the earls were persuaded to
abandon their holdings in September, mere
weeks before the "Unseelie were to assume
control of the court. may be seen as evidence of
the truth of this theory. If it is indeed true. the
Unseelie must bear a good portion of the blame
for the subsequent sorrowful battles that
have enmeshed the "North ever since.

T remain your servant,

Siobhan ni Oghma

Chapcer Tuo: A CDychical Asc ory of Ireland


A LandOwided

The harp that once thro' Tara's Hall the soul of music shed
Now hangs as mute on Tara's wall as if that soul were fled.
So sleeps the pride of former days, so glory's thrill is o'er.
And hearts that once beat high for praise now feel that pulse

no more.

—Traditional, "The Harp ThatOnce Through Tara's Halls"

ThePlancacion of Ulscer

In 1610, the lands of the departed earls (which just
happened to be in the most stubbomly Catholic province of
Ulster) were divided upand given out toarmy veterans, private
companies and settlers. A small portion of the land — invari-
ably the poorest plots "high in the heather" — was set aside for
the Irish. This "plantation" wasintended touprootthe disloyal,
difficult Catholic Irish and replace them with solid, loyal
Protestant subjects. The Ulster plantations were on a large
scale and well-funded. Enclaves of Protestants were placed in
fortified positions, forming islands of English prosperity among
what has been called "a hostile sea of dispossessed Irish."

Irish resentment took concrete form in 1641 when the Irish
rebelled, inflicting atrocities on the Protestants. All over the
island, the Gaelic people, who had been burning for the chance
to inflict punishment on the English overlords, took out their
frustrationson the Protestantsettlers. Though there were equally
horrific reprisals, the Ulster Protestants never forgot their
treatmentat the hands of the Irish. From this has come the so-
called "siege mentality" of the Protestants of Norther Ireland,
which underlies many of their fearsat union with the Republic
where they would constitute a definite minority.

Thedifferencesbetween the CavaliersandtheRoundheads
during this time consumed England, and the Irish seized the
opportunity, gaining control of much of the island and declar-
ing an independent capital at Kilkenny Town. Disputes and
internal squabbling soon entered in, however, and the confed-
eration dissolved by 1648.

Plancazcion Changelings

Along with the English and Scottish settlers came
many changelings. Church of England nockers and Pres-
byterian boggans accompanied their human kin, and
found themselves assaulted by Catholic redcapsand trolls
and the pagan pooka and sluagh of Hibernia. House
Scathach itself was split down the middle as many re-
mained Catholic, while others were born into Protestant
families. The clurichaun, many of whom considered
themselves either fully pagan or Celtic Catholic, entered
the fray on the side of their Irish kin, using their gifts to
inspire and incite their countrymen against the invaders.

Immorcal Eyes: Court of all Kings

Cromurell

The Protestants who died in 1641 found an avenger
in Oliver Cromwell. Leading his Puritan army, he began a
systematic and brutal punishment of the Irish, sacking
Drogheda and Wexford, where he slaughtered soldiers,
priests and civilians equally. With ruthless efficiency,
Cromwell subjugated all of Ireland by 1653. All Irish lands
were confiscated, and Irish landowners were banished
west of the Shannon River, given a choice between "Hell
or Connaught." The fertile lands to the east of the Shan-
non were divided among Cromwell's soldiers (in lieu of
payment) and those who were loya
sands of Irish were sent to the English colonies in Virginia
and the Caribbean to work as slaves. Thus began what is
known as the Protestant Ascendancy in which Irish-
speaking Catholic peasants were completely ruled by
English-speaking Protestant overlords.

The Baccle of the Boyne

The monarchy w
James II, a Catholic,
Catholics to high offices and revoked Cromwell's land
distributions. Though this
anti-Catholic Protestants were so alarmed that James was
forced to flee to France. With the help of Louis XIV, James
went to Ireland to raise an army to reclaim his throne.

s restored in England, and when
me to the throne, he appointed

asnever acted upon, England's

Meanwhile, the English invited James' son-in-law, a
staunch Dutch Protestant known as William of Orange, to
become king of England. He became King William III in
1689. William's forces landed in Ireland and gave battle to
James. They broke the siege of Londonderry, where a
group of apprentice boys had shut the gates in James' face
ashe sought to take the city. Food supplies in the city could
not support everyone, and many starved during the 15-
week siege, but they would not give in. The foodship
Mountjoy broke through a boom across the Foyle and
relieved the siege, a major psychological victory for the
Protestants and one that they celebrate in Londonderry to
this day on Apprentice Boys Day. This symbol of Protes-
tant determination is still commemorated in Loyalist areas
of Northern Ireland with the words, "No Surrender,"
usually painted on walls in bright red.

James decided to meet William's forces at the Boyne
River. William's 36,000 man army crushed James' 25,000
Irish and French troops, and James fled. Limerick was in
turn bes'
heroic defense of Limerick. Finally the Treaty of Limerick
was signed in which William guaranteed Catholics the
same rights they had under Charles II. Itreturned Catholic
estates that had been registered before 1662, and gave

ged by William, and the Irish made an equally


Catholics the right to be lawyers, judges, hold commis-
sions in the army and sit in Parliament. The final clause
allowed those who had fought to leave for France under
safe passage. Once all the fighting men had departed,
however, the rest of the treaty not honored.

This underhanded trick convinced the Irish people
that treaties with Britain were useless, and that they could
never negotiate peaceful settlements with those who had
no honor. The incidence of such maneuvers (usually for
political expediency) has fueled the distrust of modern
extremists, who feel justified in calling for violence as the
only solution to British perfidy. In all, 11,000 Jacobites (as
James' adherents were called) sailed to France to join her
army and formed the Irish Brigade. Many other Irish
joined them over the years as they gave up on ever
achieving equal rights in their native land. They are
remembered in Ireland as the Wild Geese.

The Wild Geese

Many broken-hearted changelings left with the
Irish who fledto France in the wake of the broken treaty.
While many redcaps refused to be driven from their
homes and stayed to harry the invaders, some nobles of
House Scathach and many trolls, eshu and even
clurichaun believed that their time in Hibernia was
over. Though they longed fora free Ireland, itseemed to
them that the best way to achieve it was to leave and
fight elsewhere, hoping to return when they had gained
more expertise and times were more settled. Like their
human kin, however, they gave their hearts to theirnew
homeland, where they were welcomed and cherished. It
has been said that outside of Ireland everyone loves the
Irish. Though the changelings left behind expected
them like they waited for the annual migration of the
wild geese, most who left never returned.

ThePenal lees:

The defeat of the Jacobites resulted in the confisca-
tion of even more land and a bargain with the Protestant
planters. In return for a complete monopoly of political
power and most of the land, they would act as Britain's
garrison to insure peace and keep the Catholics from
power. To help them maintain control of the rowdy Irish,
the British passed the Penal Laws. They stated that:

* No Catholic could purchase freehold land, and any
son of a Catholic who turned Protestant could turn his
parents off their land and claim it for himself. Land was to
be parcelled out among all their children (thus making
what were formerly profitable holdings uneconomic).

upkeep of the Anglican Church, while all Catholic priests
were banished. No Catholic schools were allowed. (Paid
spies ferreted out attempts to run "hedge schools" in which
teachers and priests secretly taught Catholic children.)

© Catholics were not allowed to enter a profession or
hold a commission in the army.

* No Catholic could own a horse worth more than
five pounds. (In effect, this meant that any horse a Catho-
lic owned could be bought out from under him by any
Protestant who waved five pounds under his nose.)

The effect of the Penal Laws was to turn the Irish people
into a nation of smugglers, liars and lawbreakers as they
sought to survive under such harsh conditions. It became
heroic to break the law in clever ways, outwitting both the
Protestants and the English crown. It also created an almost
impossible gulf between the Irish Catholics and their Protes-
tant neighbors. Neitherside understood the other. Ironically,
the Protestants were betrayed as well by England's imposition
of heavy taxes on whatever Ireland produced, in effect,
making certain that Ireland could not compete.

Such total disenfranchisement had an interesting
effect on the Irish peasantry, however. Instead of becom-
ing Protestants as the English hoped, they became even.
more fiercely Catholic, clinging to their faith and protect-
ing their priests with their lives. Furthermore, they turned
once again to the stories of Ireland's glorious past, remem-
bering the reign of the Tuatha de Danaan and the heroes
Cuchulainn and Finn MacCool. They remembered faerie:

The Orcamers Awaken

In actuality, belief in the "good folk" and the "little
people" hadneverentirely waned, but in the hour ofneed,
they were recalled with great clarity. In the midst of sorrow
and want, theresprangup wellsofGlamourfrom the hedge
row teachers and traveling shanachies who sought to keep
their people's hopesalive through stories ofancient heroes
and clever faeries. No Kithain practiced this more heartily
than the eshu, clurichaun and selkies, while the pooka
regaled their listeners with tall tales of the ancient days.
Both House Scathach and the commoners, most of them
sympathetic to the plight of their dreamers, responded to
ease suffering where they could—whethertheoneinneed
wasa Protestant whostill feared Irish takeover and slaugh-
ter or a Catholic dreaming of the day he would hold his
own land again. The mortals responded by building upon
theoldlegendsand fashioningnewstoriesthatemphasized
Celtic achievements and Irish pride, in effect continuing
an old tradition and infusing their changeling neighbors
with some much-needed Glamour.

Chapzer Two: A CDychical Aiscory of Ireland


Agrarian (ar

Inthe 1700s, Parliament gained more independence from
Westminster, and in 1793, in response to Catholic secret
societies who rode against their landlords (and were in tum
punished by Protestant groups), the Penal Laws were relaxed.
Catholics were allowed to bid on land. Desperate to regain
land, they outbid Protestants, tying themselves to ridiculous
rental agreements and exorbitant loans, but also taking away
land the Protestants considered theirs (after some 200 years of
holding it for the British crown). Brutal fighting between the
two factions continued. After a particularly nasty battle in
1795, the victorious Protestants renamed themselves the
Orange Order in honor of William of Orange, to whose victory
at the Battle of the Boyne they likened their triumph.

The Uniced Irishmen

Inspired by the American War for Independence, the
United Irishmen sought to open the Irish Parliament to all
Irishmen, disregarding their rank or religion. They were led by
a Dublin lawyernamed Wolfe Tone, who persuaded France to
help Ireland gain her freedom. A French invasion force was
sent, but kept from landing by terrible storms. In May of 1798,
rebellion broke out, but many of the United Irishmen's leade
hadbeen arrested, the Protestants within the organization were
distrusted by the Catholics, and there was no overall plan.
Tone himself was captured as he tried to lead another French
invasion fleet and was executed. He became a symbol to the
Irish, and is recorded among the "martyrs to Irish freedom."

My Patrons.

Those who had been exiles attempted to return
to Hibernia at this time. Reborn into French
families, some of the changeling Wild Geese who had
left Hibernia with the Jacobites now returned with
the French invasion force. They were doomed to
failure and disillusionment once more. Unknown to
them, dozens of "Unseelie changelings working with
the English had concentrated their Glamour. focus—
ing on creating a terrible storm system that prevented
the French from landing. In this they returned to
the tactics used by the Tuatha de Oanaan against
the Celts. It has been theorized that to do so they
used one of the Immortal Eyes. the sapphire known
as the "Waystone. reversing its usual properties to
bar the way rather than opening it. If this és so. it
raises interesting possibilities for the use of such
treasures should they ever be found again.

T remain,

Siobhan ni Oghma

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Confusion reigned as the British tried to set the
Orangemen against the United Irishmen, some of whom
were fellow Protestants. Offers of amnesty were made to
men of property for surrendering their arms. In all, 30,000
people (peasants with pitchforks, women and children
among them) were shot down. Cooperation between
Catholics and Protestants was discredited, and so were the
Protestants Britain had counted on to control Ireland. It
became obvious to the English that if they wanted order
restored, they would have to do it themselves.

Umon

Union between Great Britain and Ireland seemed the
only reasonable answer. In 1800, Prime Minister Pitt
bribed the Protestants in the Dublin Parliament by creat-
ing earldoms for them. Pitt promised Catholics equality,
and the Act of Union was passed. Catholics were disap-
pointed, however, for Pitt soon lost his office and King
George III (mad King George who had lost the American
colonies) opposed Catholic emancipation.

In 1803, Robert Emmet ledabriefuprisingthat wasdoomed

by its disorganization. He too became a Nationalist martyr.

The' Lideracor'

Daniel O'Connell, a barrister and great orator, orga-
nized peaceful "monster rallies" of up toa million people in
pursuit of Catholic emancipation. He was elected MP
(Member of Parliament) for Clare in 1828. After a five-year
campaign by Daniel O'Connell, the Catholic Emancipa-
tion Act wi
Catholics the right to vote. O'Connell hoped for a se}
Parliament in which Catholics would hold the majority
they comprised the majority of people in Ireland). He didn't
succeed for several reasons. First, he w:

passed in 1828, giving a limited number of

against trade
unions, and these organizations were important to the
workers of Ireland. Second, he understood very little about
Ulster, and failed to see why the Protestants would not fall
in line and accept their few minority seats in a Dublin
Parliament. That Ulster's prosperity (due to her booming
linen trade) was seen asa direct result of union with Britain
didn't occur to him. He achieved half his aims, but could
never persuade Britain to restore home rule.

The Greac amine

In 1845, Catholics owned only five percent of the
land in Ireland. Most of them farmed land for absentee
landlords who charged them rent — mostly in the form of
grain, which the Irish grew for profit. Agents were greedy
and rents were high, meaning that the difference between
making it another year and going under was very slim. For


their own consumption, they grew potatoes, which were
easy to plant and care for. Potatoes are the only crop that
can provide total sustenance, and they can be grown in
small plots, but still produce enough to feed large families.
Families became dependent on their potato crop as their
sole reliable food source. Such reliance on any one crop set
the stage for disaster. This was the situation in Ireland
when the potato blight struck.

Potatoes that had been healthy-looking rotted in the
bins; most turned to slush in the ground. Though the Irish
turned to cabbage, turnips and wild plants, they could not
be found in great enough numbers to feed the population.
Many of the absentee landlords had mortgaged their estates
so that they might maintain town houses in Britain, and
were dependent on the rents to retain their property. They

had to have the other crops produced by their tenants to sell

glish markets or gounder. The British government was
reluctant to interfere in private enterprise; grain and cattle
left Ireland for English markets as the people starved. With
starvation came "famine fever," dysentery. The English
government allowed corn to be brought into Ireland in an
attempt to feed the populace because nobody had a vested
interest in the crop. Private charities set up food distribution
and started some public works.

The Irish were faced with the choice of starving or
being thrown out of their homes for failure to pay the rent.
Mass emigration began, with many people sailing away to
America or Canada in "coffin ships," leaky, overcrowded
vessels that were lucky to make the crossing at all. Many
Irish went deeply into debt co the "gombeen men," loan
sharks who charged exorbitant interest, in order to pay for
seed to plant the next year's crops. Somehow, they hung
on, waiting out the loss of their crops. And then it
happened again. And again. And again. In all, the potato
crop failed for four straight years.

Although somewhat sympathetic to the plight of the
Irish, after four years, the English people and government
were tired of hearing about Irish famine. Most didn't really
understand the problem. They couldn't see how the Irish
could be starving when exports of grain and cattle contin-
ued without interruption. Between evictions, emigrations,
starvations and death due to disease, Ireland lost over a
quarter of her population. By 1847, over a quarter million
Irish were emigrating annually

After the famine, the Irish would never be the same
people again. The Irish had always been poor, but they had
met adversity with courage, resourcefulness, humor and an
abiding sense that they would eventually triumph. The
famine left the people broken, their dreams shattered. Never
again would the Irish be a people whose gaiety was not tinged
with sadness, and never again would they dare:to dream
without doubts and reservations within their hearts.


Eityea ls
DAVRATLRAT

The Changelings Lamenc
Though they had weathered years of religious bickering,
various risings and the other difficulties of life in Hibernia,
they were unprepared for the onslaught of nightmares
engendered by the Great Famine. As their dreamers lost
hope, sodid the changelings. Many fell to Banality, becom-
ingembittered Dauntain. Othersfoundthemselvesconsumed
by their Unseelie naturesas the only defense against the
sorrow and horrors of mass starvation and epidemic.
everyday human concems in an attempt not to be swallowed
upbyBanality)andclosertotheir Unseelienatures. Underlying
even the mostriotous Irish changeling isa core ofcynicismand
pessimism that things will never tur out as planned. Irish
changelings truly hope for the best and dream of glory and
wonder. But in their heart of hearts, they expect disaster.

Nome Ruteand

Repudlicanism

Many who fled the famine harbored great hatred for the
British governmentand their lack of action during the famine.
Their children inherited that hatred from them, a hatred that
would lead them to participate in bloody uprisings and support
armed insurrection into the 20th century. These formed the
nucleus for such groups as the Fenian Brotherhood (named
after the legendary Fianna), many of whom joined Republican
uprisingsin Ireland, and Clan-na-Gael, whichcollected money
and provided support for such organizations as the Fenians.

A Quick Note to My Patrons.

Thave heard that the Fenian "brotherhood was actually
started ly a koight of House Scathach as an attempt to
rekindle old memories of a time of glory. "Whether this és
merely rumor. or whecher the legendary Seathach temper got
the better of the founder and the Grotherhood. is impossible
to say. In any case. the lofty deals that prompted the founding
of this group were sacrificed to the necessity of waging
guerrilla Warfare in a hostile Land. That changelings
involved is not in dispute, but whether Seelie or Unseelie has
yet tobe determined and may never be clear. Every r
every protest in Ireland since this time has contai
share of changelings. The story of the Irish "Kithain is the
story of Ireland's quest far oependence. Are they then
Seelie heroes or Unseelie conspirators? Even the historians
cannot say. One man's terrorist is another man's freedom
fighter. and when reams themselves take sides in the ongoing
battle. the lines become truly blurred.

‘Yours.

Siobhan ni Oghma

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

In Ireland, James Stephens founded a movement that
was similar to the Fenians. It was called the Irish Repub-
lican Brotherhood. In 1884 the Gaelic Athletic Association
was formed to promote Irish traditions. Once again, Irish
nationalism and dreams of old times were in the air.

By 1900, Ireland's pre-famine population of eight
million had fallen by half. Starving tenant farmers were
evicted from their lands, prompting the founding of the
Land League, which began a campaign for tenants' rights.
This was followed by demands for independence from
Britain. In Parliament, the Catholics' new hope, Charles
Stuart Parnell, lobbied for "home rule."

Two home rule bills were passed in Parliament, but
vetoed by the House of Lords. If a third home rule bill
passed, it would become law regardless of opposition from
the Lords. In 1912, Edward Carson rallied the Ulster
Protestants who created a solemn covenant to defeat
s signed by 471,414 people. In 1913, the
Ulster Volunteer Force formed to demand that six coun-
ties in Ulster remain part of the United Kingdom (that
being the number of the original nine counties in which

home rule. It

the Protestants had a clear majority). Gun-running be-
came the order of the day as the Protestant North armed
against asell-out by the British. In 1914, the home rule bill
was passed but suspended for the duration of World War
I. Irishmen, both Catholic and Protestant, were called
upon to do their duty and volunteer for service to prove
their worthiness to the British government. The time lag
between its passage and implementation, however, gave
critics of the home rule bill time to see its limitations.
Nationalists despaired of Parliamentary solutions, though
the Irish people were not receptive to organizations like
the Irish Republican Brotherhood and its political coun-
terpart, the Sinn Féin party founded by Arthur Griffith.

The Caszer Rising

Believing that armed insurrection was the only way
to gain Ireland's freedom, a small force of Irish rebels
planned an uprising. They counted on German support
that didn't materialize. Despite confusion in the ranks, in
which some leaders cancelled their areas' portions of the
rebellion, a rising commenced in Dublin. Led by Patrick
Pearse of the Irish Republican Brotherhood, 2000 Irish
volunteers occupied several sites around the city (among
them the General Post Office), raised the tricolor flag of
their new Irish Republic, proclaimed Ireland's freedom,
and appointed themselves Ireland's provisional govern-
ment. They stood up to English soldiers and artillery for
a week, then surrendered.

The Irish people were horrified by civilian loss of
life; many had sons in the British army and felt that the
uprising betrayed them. The 1916 Easter Rising had been


very unpopular until the British made the mistake of
executing the leaders after secret trials. Details emerged
that pointed to British cruelty. James Connelly, badly
wounded, was carried out in a chair and shot. Suddenly
they were no longer nuisances, but Irish patriots fighting
for the freedom of their country. Sentiment swung in
favor of the nationalists, and the same people who threw
garbage at them as they were taken into custody now
hailed them as martyrs.

1916 was an important date in the North as well. It
marked the date when thousands of Ulstermen gave their
lives at the Battle of the Somme. They greatly resented
the rising and the idea that they would be forced to be a
part of an overwhelmingly Catholic Ireland. After the
Easter Rising, the North w: sured by Lloyd George
that the six northeastern counties of Ulster would be
excluded from the home rule bill.

In 1918 conscription was begun in Ireland, and the
Irish people flocked to the Sinn Féin party in droves,
giving them all but six of the Irish seats in Parliament. Of
course, 44 of those representatives were imprisoned in
English jails, but the rest met and set up their own Dail
Eireann. Eamon De Valera, saved from execution for his
part in the Easter Rising because of his American birth,
escaped from prison and was elected the first President of
the Irish Republic in 1919. The Irish Volunteers became
the Irish Republican Army, and the Dail declared the
independence of Ireland.

The Car of Independence

Britain was caught by surprise. After dealing with
the Treaty of Versailles, they reacted by sending in the
Black and Tans to reinforce the police. These were
mostly ex-soldiers who wore a mixture of police and army
uniform. Their brutal methods were met head-on by
retaliations from the Irish Republican Army. Michael
Collins, head of military operations for the IRA, had set
up a very effective intelligence system. Acting on infor-
mation from them, he was able to wage a vicious campaign
against British forces. Most famous of all were Collins'
Flying Columns —small, mobile groups who could strike
quickly and retreat before real opposition could be formed
against them. Seemingly, they could be anywhere, any-
time. The British public urged compromise, and a truce
was declared in July 1921. In October, an Irish delega-
tion, including Griffith and Collins, went to London to
negotiate a treaty.

Unknown to them, Lloyd George had already con-
cluded an agreement with the Protestants of the North.
The British offered the Protestants partition. They would
have their own Parliament while remaining a part of

Britain. English sentiment was clearly on the side of the
Protestants, who had proven time and again their loyalty
to the crown. That the Protestant Loyalist leaders were
willing to arm their followers to fight British soldiers if
they didn't get what they wanted has rarely been men-
tioned except in Republican circles.

The Irish del
non-negotiable part of any treaty they gained. Under
threat of "immediate and total war" should they fail to sign

ates were presented with partition asa

the treaty, the delegates signed a document granting
Ireland dominion status (similar to Canada). The six
t of the island, and
it was demanded that Irish legislators take an oath of

counties were carved away from the

allegiance to the crown and that certain ports be desig-
nated as usable by the British navy.

Civil Car

Michael Collins, who claimed he signed his own
death warrant when he signed the treaty, saw it as a
stepping stone toward achieving total independence and
eventually winning back the six counties. Others dis-
agreed. The anti-treaty side was against the oath and
unwilling to accept a divided Ireland. De Valera, firmly
anti-treaty, resigned as head of the Dail. The IRA split on
the issue, with part of it breaking away and beginning a
violent campaign in the North against the newly created
Northern Ireland. Collins reorganized the rest into the

Free State Army, butin the violent civil war that erupted

between pro- and anti-treaty factions, Collins was
sinated. People who had fought side by side against the
Black and Tans now shot one another on sight. In 1922,
the Free State government, attempting to deal with the
dissident IRA, passed measures as draconian as those
usually decried in Northern Ireland: internment and
floggings. Finally, the anti-treaty side, now known as
Republicans, sued for peace. De Valera ordered a cease-
fire. For the first 10 years after the civil war, the Dail
concentrated on building up the 26 remaining counties
into a strong state. In 1926, De Valera broke with Sinn
Féin and formed the Fianna Fail party. In 1932, his party
gained control of the Dail.

In 1937, De
declaring Ireland a republic and containing an article
that claimed the right of the Dublin government to
exercise jurisdiction over the whole of Ireland. It further

Valera drew up a new constitution

recognized the special position of the Roman Catholic
Church in the newstate. The country's name was changed
to Eire. Embarrassed by the extremist IRA, De Valera
declared them an illegal organization. In reality, the IRA
continued to receive support from both the government
and the people so long as they didn't go too far.

Chapcer Tuo: A Cdychical Rise ory of Ireland


The Changeling Response

Reflecting the hatreds and bitterness that sur-
rounded them, the Kithain went to waras well. Pro and
anti-treaty changelings fought just as viciously as any
mortal. Trolls squared off against redcaps, selkies with-
drew from the conflict, and the clurichaun were about
evenly divided on the issue. Most of House Scathach
were based in the South and welcomed the treaty for
their own homes' sake, but feared it would interfere
with their duty as Riders of the Silver Court to protect
King Meilseoir (their greatest duty and their greatest
secret; see the Court of All Kings novel for more informa-
tion on the Riders and the king). Boggans and nockers
argued more than engaging in actual battle, the satyrs
were more concerned with access to good whiskey than
with treaties, and the pooka were in their glory dissemi-
nating misinformation to both sides.

Response to Darcicion

Neither the Irish nor the British actually expected
partition to be forever. A boundary commission was set up to
determine just how much of Ulster could be said to contain
aclear Protestant majority. Catholics thought the commis-
sion would draw up boundaries that made it intoan impossible
economic unit. IRA attacks that commenced before the
boundary commission could even begin work provoked the
Unionists and gave them an excuse to introduce paramilitary

police. The Catholics, believing the situation would resolve

itself when it was seen how ridiculous it was to partition the
island, refused to join Norther Irish institutions such as the
RUC (Royal Ulster Constabulary).

Embattled by the IRA and faced with Catholic boy-
cotts, the Unionists believed that all Catholics were likely
traitors to the new state. They felt like a garrison in hostile
territory. The response to their fears was the creation of
the Special Powers Act of 1922 under which possession of
a firearm was a capital offense and people suspected of
Republican sentiments could be flogged. Though their
reasoning may seem absurd to outsiders, they believed
they were fighting for their survival. Since the IRA's
stated aim was to overthrow their new country, they felt
justified in invoking extreme measures.

Blatant gerrymandering of wards and districts ensued,
designed to insure Protestant majorities even in territories
where Catholics actually outnumbered them. Thus an area
that held thousands of Catholics was all made into one
district, while an area that held an equal number of Protes-
tants might be divided in two so they would be able to elect
more representatives. The border question became em-
broiled in attempts by both sides to gain territory while


cutting the other side out, and was eventually left as a dead
issue when the Free State accepted the original partition.
The ‘30s and ‘40s were marked by increased sectarian
division as a depression hit. Rather than bringing together
working class Protestants and Catholics, the fear of unemploy-
ment made Protestants grateful for their superior position. At
least they were employed, nomatterhowbad the conditions —
and it was made very clear to them that their continued
employment depended on their support for the British crown
and their Protestant employers. To some extent, sectarian
violence was even encouraged as a means for letting outsome
of their frustrations, though this was never actually stated.
Eire declared neutrality during World War II. Norther
Ireland, on the other hand, provided men, ships, aircraft and
agricultural goods to the war effort. In response, the Germans
bombed the province four times, including one raid in which
700 people were killed and 100,000 made homeless in Belfast.
After the war, legislation from the Labour government was
extended to Northern Ireland, providing them with free health
care, secondary schooling, grants for attending universitiesand
welfare benefits. Nationalists hoped the Labour party might be
more sympathetic to their cause, particularly in forcing the
Unionists to adopt the one man-one vote law rather than
granting a number of votes equal to the value of the property
held, so that some Protestants got up to six votes, while the
poorer Irish (already outnumbered) had to make do with one.
In 1949, when Eire became a Republic outside the British
Commonwealth, the British governmentdeclared that North-
em Ireland would not cease to bea partof the United Kingdom
until the Parliament of Norther Ireland consented to it.
Funded by generous grants from England, advances
were made in agriculture and the development of industry
in Northern Ireland. Unfortunately, in too many cases, the
Catholics were mostly forgotten. Unemployment among
the Catholic population remained high and their housing
substandard. Seen as disloyal by their Protestant neighbors
and the Unionist government at Stormont, the Catholics
became more and more disillusioned by life in Northern
Ireland, and many fled across the border to the Republic.
Beginning in 1956 and lasting until 1962, the IRA
began a series of attacks across the border with the goal of
ending partition. Though much damage was done, the
Catholic population, given benefits by the English, failed
to support the campaign, and it was called off as being
ineffective. Rather than seeing the Catholic response to
the IRA as an indicator that they supported Northern
Ireland, the Unionist government continued to regard
them as disloyal and potentially dangerous. Catholics
continued to be discriminated against in education, hous-
ing and positions in government. Attempts to grant the
Catholics more jobs or equal rights met with vehement
backlash from extremists among the Protestants.

The Troudles

Young, better-educated Catholics and Protestants began to
agitate for better conditions and an end to injustice. In 1967, the
Civil Rights Association, inspired by the American civil rights
movement, wasbom. Concessions toward Catholics were already
being made, but many of these came far too late. Unionists such
as Ian Paisley (a Presbyterian minister who had broken with his
churchand gone independent) regarded any softening inattitudes
toward Catholics as tantamount to treason and reacted with
violence. A peaceful civil rights march at Bumtollet in 1969 was
stoned bya Paisleyite mob as the police stood by and did nothing.

The Recurn andthe Troudles

It is not coincidence that the retum of the sidhe in
1969 coincided with violentconfrontationsbetween Catho-
lics, Protestants and police. Some of those difficulties
resulted from conflicts between the sidhe and commoners
that escalated out of control. "The Retum," as it was called
in Hibernia, was even more shockingly violent than in
America. Fears and hatreds ran high, as is ever the case in
Ireland. Some Kithain welcomed the retum ofthe nobility,
hoping they would put things right, but they forgot that the
sidhe had left the world when feudalism held sway. The
sidhe'sassumption of theirrighttoreclaimoldfreeholdsand
places of power and to once again set their rule over
commoners whose struggles had mirrored those of the Irish
people was greatly resented, and those resentments flared
into battle on more than one occasion.

In particular, the redcaps and trolls who had borne
the brunt of fighting throughout Ireland's struggle toward
freedom refused to bow before the sidhe and surrender the
freeholds and advances they had gained. Theirs was the
most violent clash, but other Kithain fought in their own
way to make the sidhe aware of the changes wrought by
time. From fighting a war for Catholic civil rights, the
changelings tured toa war forcommoner rights. Since it
was waged under the guise of the other struggle, much of
the changeling battle for supremacy in Ireland was cam-
ouflaged as Catholic-Protestant violence.

Because the only sidhe they had dealt with for hun-
dreds of years were those of House Scathach, who do not
possess the Art of Sovereign, the commoners underesti-
mated this most devastating power of the returning nobles.
Despite their bravery, the commoners were defeated by the
sidhes' powers to command their obedience. Eventually, it
became apparent that the sidhe would grantthe common-
ers certain rights in retum for their acknowledgement that
the sidhe once again ruled the island. There was never an
actual accord, merely a cessation of hostilities. The com-
moners retreated to their freeholds, and the sidhe divided
the island into four kingdoms.

Chapzer Two: A CDychical Hiscory of Ireland


Asimilarconfrontation in the Bogside in Londonderry

was even more violent, and eventually resulted in the
isbanding of the B-Specials (a Protestant-dominated, of-
ten ultra-violent, part-time police force who were given
rch out IRA members). More signifi-
cantly, to restore order, British troops were ordered into

special powers to st

Northern Ireland. Though this would have been the perfect
time for the IRA to win supporters by protecting the
Catholics, they were woefully disorganized and failed to
seize the initiative. In Belfast, disgusted Nationalists quipped
that the IRA actually stood for "I Ran Away." Instead, the
Catholics welcomed the British soldiers as their saviors and

protectors from virulent Protestants such as the Paisleyites.

The New IRA

The IRA wasnot long idle. An internal struggle occurred
in which some members wanted to move away from violence
toward left-wing political activities, and the traditionalists
broke away and formed the Provisional IRA (named for the
provisional government declared by Patrick Pearse in the
Easter Rising). The latter, knownas Provos (but more often just
referred to as the IRA), declared their intention to wage a
campaign in the North. While the Catholics had initially
welcomed British soldiers, their heavy-handedness in dealing
with security threats soon alienated the Catholic community.
The IRA began moving into Catholic areas and acting as the
"natural guardians" of the people there. Their aim was to break
down law and order, and they began to shoot down both army
and police (reasoning that both were tools of the British
oppressors and the Unionists) and set off bombs in the cities.

Oealing Wich cheDrodlems

Stormont (Northern Ireland's government and Par

ment) began to address some of the civil rights issues, such z
allocating housing more fairly, stopping job discrimination,
overhaulingthe RUC, and disbanding the B-Specials. A new
part-time security force, set up within the British Army, was
called the Ulster Defense Regiment (UDR). Much of this was
seen as being too little too late. Support for the soldiers
declined, the IRA's bombing campaign intensified, and
British soldiers responded to hatred directed toward them
with even more heavy-handedness. When the IRA killed the
first British soldierin 1970, the Catholic nationalistscheered.
When the army was called in to quell a riot in the Bogside in
1972, they ended up killing 13 people. Hatred of the army
grew with their destructive house searches, and the cycle of
violence answered with more violence spiralled out of con-
trol. Instead of helping, the presence of the British and the
renewed presence of the IRA created an even more divided
society, splitalong sectarian lines. This left the regiona legacy
of bitterness, hatred and violence.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Norchern Changelings

While the sidhe are ostensibly in control of all of
Hibemia, the kingdom of Ulster has never been fully
pacified. Continuedfightingbetweencommonersandnobles
hasbeen sparked by terrorist actions of both Protestants and
Catholics. Insome cases, lesser nobles have used the British
army to quell disturbances in areas where they knew com-
moner changelings had their homes. For their part, the
commoners associate the army with sidhe terrorism de-
signed to curtail their rights. It has been claimed that some
changelingswere targeted fordeath by sidhe, who persuaded
enchanted human soldiers to shoot them, thus leaving their
own hands clean. King Finn of Ulster is the acknowledged
tuler of the land, but it has been rumored that he has fallen
into depression over the unceasing violence ofhiskingdom,
embracing his Unseelie nature in response to it.

In 1971, internment was instituted, which allowed
suspected terrorists to be imprisoned without trial. This
polarized Catholics even more against the British as they saw
British "justice" used as a terror tactic against their commu-
nity. Though internment was phased out, the Diplock system
of Criminal Courts was introduced in its place. These were
courts in which alleged terrorists were tried by judges who
presided over the trial without a jury. The argument made for
these courts was that juries could be subjected to intimidation
— presumably by both the IRA and extremist Protestants.
Though it is probably true that some way was needed to curb
's, denying anyone the right to trial by a jury of
their peers violates the very heart of the British justice system.
Whether the courts were fair or not, it was inevitable that
they would be seen as secret, kangaroo courts designed to
imprison those who spoke out against injustice.

In 1972, the Stormont government and Parliament
weresuspended, and the British implemented direct rule from
Westminster. There is now a Secretary of State for Northern
Ireland (who is appointed by the British Prime Minister), and
English civil servants administer the province. The various

the terroris

political parties still elect representatives, but these now sit in
Westminster and try to get the House of Commons to listen
to Northern Irish issues.

The Sunningdale Agreemenc

Leaders of the Northern Irish parties met with
Ministers from both the United Kingdom and (for the
first time) the Republic of Ireland at Sunningdale in
1973 and set up a Council of Ireland. The council was
intended to provide a framework for cooperation be-
tween the North and South. Additionally, a
power-sharing agreement was called for that would


result in a joint government of Catholic and Protestant
representatives. Terrified that the agreement consti-
tuted abandonment by the British, the Unionists reacted
to quash it. The Ulster Workers' Council called a
general strike that paralyzed the province. Rather than
having the army stop the strike, the British allowed the
Protestant paramilitary groups their way, a reaction
that the Catholic community understood to mean that
whatever the Protestants did would be winked at, while
anything the Catholics did would be immediately shut
down. The Unionist members of the proposed new
executive resigned, and direct rule was reinstated.

Since that time, Northern Ireland hassuffered greatly.
Sectarian killings, bombings, economic woes due to lack
of investment in the area, hunger strikes by IRA prison-
ers seeking reinstatement of their status as political
prisoners, and the attendant publicity have marked the
province in a way few outsiders can understand. Those
born since 1969 have never known peace. Unceasing
violence and turmoil, uncertainty and economic hard-
ship have infected the communities with feelings of fear
and despair of ever seeing an end to things.

1973 also brought the beginning of the IRA's bomb-
ing campaign in England. Reasoning that one bomb in
London was worth dozens in Belfast because of the
attendant publicity, the IRA bombed New Scotland
Yard, the Old Bailey and other such "strategic" target
They soon moved beyond that, however, setting off
bombs in Guildford and Birmingham that killed many
civilians, Anti-Irish hysteria and demands by the public
for the government to do something resulted in the arrest
of the wrong people, who were convicted and jailed,
although it later became apparent that the British au-
thorities knew they were not guilty (a situation that
addressed in the film In the Name of the Father).

The IRA used this to point up British injustice, and
in response the British government implemented the
Prevention of Terrorism Act under which hundreds of
innocent Irish citizens have been held. The Prevention
of Terrorism Act and the Emergency Provision Act
made it lawful for British forces to stop anyone, any-
where, at any time and demand their names, addresses
and destinations. Further, anyone could be arrested at
any time and held for up to seven days for interrogation
— all without being charged for any crime. The Euro-
pean Court of Human Rights ruled that seven-day
detentions are in violation of the European Conven-
tion. Tortures used to extract confessions prompted the
Court of Human Rights to find the British government
guilty of "inhuman and degrading" treatment of prison-
ers. Though intended to strike at terrorists and quickly

remove them from the streets, the legislation has often
been misinterpreted and misused.

Some of the less extremist "silent majority" Catho-
lics and Protestants came together to try to end the
violence, and the organizers of the Ulster Peace Move-
ment, Mairead Corrigan and Betty Williams, were
awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo for their efforts
in 1976. Though many desired peace, skepticism about
British justice, continued unemployment and old, bit-
ter hatreds continued to rule the day through the ‘80s

In 1981, hunger-striker Bobby Sands (and several
other, less publicized prisoners) died in H-Block of
Longkesh Prison. While he did not achieve his aims, the
publicity surrounding his hunger strike and death once
again focused world attention on Northern Ireland.

Economic Realism e

It is truly sad and ironic that so much

effort is spent and so many lives lost in the
attempt to reunify the six counties with
the rest of Ireland and the reaction against
that attempt by the Loyalists. For reunifi-
cation with the Republic is not really an
option for Northern Ireland at this time.
Even if the Unionists agreed to it (a very
remote possibility), the reunification is
not economically feasible. The Republic is
just beginning to benefit from their mem-
bership in the EU and starting to attract
industry and foreign investment, while
Northern Ireland is the most heavily in-
dustrialized part of the island. On the
surface it would appear that the North
would be welcomed and would benefit from
the recognition that they were bringing
much-needed industry to Ireland.

The problem with this utopian view is
that the Republic's standard of living is
lower than Northern Ireland's (which in
turn is poor compared to the rest of the
UK). The Irish government could not af-
ford to keep up the unemployment benefits
currently paid out by the British govern-
ment. Further, the government cannot
afford to adequately fund services such as
transport and health in the counties they
already administer. Adding six more coun-
ties and another million and a half people
would swamp their resources entirely.

Chapcer Two: A CDychical Miscory of Ireland


The Anglo-Irish
Agreement

Margaret Thatcher, then British Prime Minister,
and Garrett Fitzgerald, leader of the Fine Gael party,
were instrumental in the passage of the Anglo-lrish
Agreement of 1985. The basics of the agreement were
that Northern Ireland would remain a part of the
United Kingdom for as long as the majority desired, and
that the Dublin government would have the status of
being a consultant in Northern Irish affairs. Unionists
desperately clutched at continued union with Britain,
fearing that this was another attempt by England to cast
them off. Nationalists were dismayed because it seemed
that the Republic had finally given up on reclaiming
the six counties that make up Northern Ireland. Oppo-
sition by the Loyalists and Republicans proved bitter.
Murders, fire bombings and beatings continued.

In 1990, Mary Robinson became the first female
President of the Republic, an event that has been seen
as an achievement by Irish feminists in their fight to
throw off the domination of the Catholic Church.
While the Anglo-Irish Agreement was discredited, peace
initiatives moved forward as the IRA continued bomt
ing campaigns in London. Protestant terrorists continued
their campaign of murder and mayhem against Catho-
lics that was the equal of anything the IRA dealt out.
Whereas the Protestant groups see the Catholics as
their enemies, the IRA believes their true enemy is the
British government.

After an IRA bomb killed 10 people in Belfast and
the extremist Loyalists retaliated by shooting 14 people
ina pub in Greysteel, more moderate leadership in the
IRA allowed Sinn Féin to begin lobbying for peaceful
solutions. Gerry Adams, head of Sinn Féin, became a
well-known figure as the political arm of the IRA rose
to the forefront. In one of those ironies so typical to
Ireland, even as the IRA was bombing "soft targets"
such as the homes of policemen and shooting Catholics
who tried to join the RUC, Gerry Adams w signed
an RUC guard to protect him from assassination.

The Oowming Street
Oeclaracion

The Irish and British Prime Ministers issued a joint
declaration in 1993 which stated that: "Britain had no
selfish strategic or economic interest in Northern Ire-
land." The statement further said that the people of
both Southern and Northern Ireland have the right to

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

"self-determination," and that the status of Northern
Ireland can only be changed if the majority of people
wish it to. The Irish government agreed to drop its
claims to the six counties. Both governments offered to

pt negotiators from extremist factions on both

s if they renounced violence.

After several months delay, the IRA declared a cease-
fire in 1994. This was followed by a Protestant cease-fire
one month later. For the first time in 25 years, there were
no troops on daylight patrols in Northern Ireland, and
many of the barricades and checkpoints were dismantled.

e Orug Coney ]

It should be noted that certain levels of
violence never ceased despite the cease-fire. Both
the IRA and the Loyalists tend to "keep order" in
their respective territories. This includes beating
those they disapprove of with baseball bats or
kneecapping teenagers who steal cars to go for
joyrides. Additionally, each group has become
dependent on the money they make through the
drug trade. It seems unlikely that they will sim-
ply cease operations if an agreement is ever
reached — especially since unemployment re-
mains a significant problem in the region.

Breakdown in Negotiations

Sinn Féin expected to be invited to peace talks

within three months, but delays have mounted. The
British demanded that the IRA hand over its guns
before they would be allowed a place in negotiations,
and in retaliation, Sinn Féin demanded that the British
army and RUC give up their arms as well. They called
for the RUC (seen in Nationalist areas as an instrument
of Protestant oppression) to be disbanded entirely.
After 17 months of relative peace, none of the extrem-
ists had given up their guns. Many have questioned why
the British thought that either side would give up their
arms before peace was assured. It seemed more of a
roadblock to progress than a real demand since it was so
unlikely as to be ridiculous.

John Major, the British Prime Minister, then called
for elections to choose delegates to the peace talks.
Because of various rules, this would make it very difficult
for Nationalists to win enough votes to actually elect
representatives — especially the representatives most
likely to be apprised of all the issues. Sinn Féin accused
Major of stalling tactics to derail the peace initiative. It
is hard to refute their argument. Major only remains


Prime Minister as long as his party is in power, and his
majority depends on support from the Northern Irish
delegates (many of whom either have ties to or must
answer to those who vehemently wish to maintain their
union with Britain). Whether Northern Ireland's chances
for a permanent peace have been sacrificed on the altar
of political expediency, only the principal players know.
But the peace has been shattered.

My Patrons.

This history is almost concluded. but I felt that T
must state my suspicions regarding events in the
‘Kingdom of Ulster. King Finn, for all his power. is
young and inexperienced. Te és my belief chat che ongoing
turmoil in "Northern Ireland has unbalanced him,
casting hin into his Unseelie nature. 10 not think this
és an imocent occurrence. however. I suspect that some
agent is at Work who is deliberately undermining the
Seelie Court in Hibernia. Whether this is the Shadow
Court or an independent. I believe that you need to take
a closer look at your fellow monarch before he succumbs
entirely to the madness surrounding him. Forces are at
work who wish to see the cease-fire end and violence
become a way of life again. For the sake of the Seelie
Court and the changelings and people of "Ulster. I ask
you to intervene. Though you may think this is not
within my realm of historian. Task you to consider the

past and see its effect on the future. The choice is yours

Tam. as always. your servant
Siobhan ni Oghma

Cnd of the Cease-fire

In February of 1996, the cease-fire ended abruptly
when a bomb exploded in London's Canary Wharf. It
followed a brief announcement from the IRA stating
that the cease-fire was over. The nonviolent stance of
Sinn Féin has apparently been overruled as rumors
surface that the IRA leadership has undergone a reor-
ganization. Such rumors indicate that the former
commander of the IRA's Northern Operations has
assumed overall control. The commander, whose name
was not given, is noted for his ultra-violent policies,
including the human bomb campaign which forced
civilians to drive booby-trapped vans loaded with
bombs to British army posts under threat of hi
their families killed. The Protestant terrorists and
their political counterparts may decide to call off their
own cease-fire as well — especially if the bombing
campaign moves back to Northern Ireland.

All in all, it's business as usual in Ulster.


(Whos Who Among the Inicial Crowd

They shoot without shame, in the name of a
piece of dirt,

Or a change of accent, or the color of your shirt.

Better the pride that resides in a citizen of the
world than

The pride that divides when a colorful rag is
unfurled.

—Rush, "Territories"

In many cases, the term "Catholic" is seen as
being synonymous with the words Irish, National-
ist and Republican, while "Protestant" is thought
of as English, Unionist and Loyalist. In fact, all the
terms are not interchangeable. Some Unionists are
Irish Catholics who see the union with Britain as
more desirable than being a part of Ireland as a
whole. Many Protestants feel that they have an
Irish heritage as well as an identity with Britain.

There is even confusion engendered when speak-
ingofthe two places. To the Unionists (and the British),
the six northeastem counties of Ulster are Northem
Ireland. Those with Republican leaningsare more aptto
refer to it as "the six counties." Those who want a less
political word for the region often use "Ulster," but this
is not entirely correct. Ulster had nine counties, not six.
Probably the mostpoliticallyneutral termis "the North,"
but even that is incorrect, as parts of the Republic reach
farther north than Northem Ireland. Then there is the
problem of Derry. Renamed Londonderry when the
London guilds took over funding it, the city has always
remained "Derry" tothe Catholics. TocallitLondonderry
was to betray Unionist sympathies, while to call it Derry
was tomark yourselfasaRepublican. Thenamehasbeen
changed back to Derry, but many still attach the word
"London" to the front of it.

It is difficult enough to try to follow the
intricacies of Irish politics when you know who the
players are. Without that knowledge, the web of
initials and similar-sounding party names quickly
strands neophytes in a morass of confusion. Some
of the principle players are detailed below.

Alliance Party — This is a middle-of-the-road
party made up of both Catholics and Protestants. The
party supports British rule but also promotes links to
Dublin. They enjoy about 10% of the popular vote.

Fianna Fail — The Fianna Fail (Soldiers of
Destiny) party was created by Eamon De Valera and

his supporters in response to the signing of the treaty
partitioning Ireland. The party was anti-treaty.
Linked with the IRA, delegates elected from this
party refused to take their seats in the Dail because
they refused to swearallegiance to the British crown.
Finally in 1932, Fianna Fail came to power in coali-
tion with the Labour party.

Fine Gael — The Fine Gael (United Ireland)
party was started to oppose Fianna Fail in 1933 from
the remnants of those who had accepted the treaty
andserved in the Dail since 1922. Fianna Failand Fine
Gael have dominated politics in the Republic of
Ireland since that time.

IRA — This one is a little complex. Never
disbanded after the Irish Civil War, the Irish Repub-
lican Army sought to free the whole of Ireland from
the British and reclaim the six northeastern counties
through the use of guns and bombs. Declared illegal
in both the Republic and Northern Ireland, the IRA
reorganized after the 1969 civil rights marches. The
Marxist members who advocated peaceful agitation
called themselves the Official IRA (OIRA), while
the traditionalists who wanted to continue the fight
became the Provisional IRA (PIRA).

After 1972, there were feuds within the IRA
resulting in the appearance of the Irish National
Liberation Army (INLA) and their political arm, the
Irish Republican Socialist Party (IRSP), led by
Bernadette McAliskey (the former Bernadette Devlin
who achieved fame in the Burntollet Bridge incident
and for slapping the Home Secretary's face while she
was an MP at Westminster). In many ways the INLA
and IRSP were outgrowths of the OIRA and Sinn
Féin. The IRA and INLA engaged in a bloody battle
for dominance, with assassinations on both sides. In
1977, a truce was called. Since that time, the action
has been carried on by the "Provos," the PIRA that is
usually just referred to as the IRA. Got that?

Loyalists — Those who not only favor union
with Great Britain, but who are hardliners. Often
the word is used to describe paramilitary member-
ship or sympathies.

Nationalists — Anyone whosupportsa united
Ireland is known as a Nationalist. They are prima-
tily Catholic and often accused of being in cahoots

with the IRA.

Immorcal Cyes: Cour of all Kings


The Nationalists have one main party in
Northern Ireland:

¢ The SDLP (Socialist Democratic and
Labour Party) holds the biggest Nationalist vote.
It was founded in 1970 to achieve a united Ireland
through peaceful, democratic means.

Orange Order — Formed from the vigilante
Peep-O-Day Boys, a Protestant working class secret
society who fought the Land League, the Orange Order
took itsname from their hero, William of Orange. The
Orange Order has traditionally feared Catholics would
somehow obtain a majority, displace them in their jobs
and homes, and force a unification with the rest of
Ireland. Staunchly Unionist, they have often erupted
into violence and rioting when Catholics seemed on
the verge of gainingadvantages they consider threaten-
ing. Duringtheirtraditional marchesinJulyand August
commemorating Protestant victories over Catholics
(in 1690noless), they frequently provoke disturbances
by choosing routes through Catholic areas.

Republicans— Hardline Nationalistsare called
Republicans. The word usually carries the connota-
tion of beinga member of orsympathetic to the IRA.

RUC—TheRUC (Royal Ulster Constabulary)
is Northern Ireland's police force, though they often
mustact in concert with the British army to maintain
security as well. Reorganized in the 1970s in an
attempt to make them less overtly Protestant in
nature, they are still viewed with much suspicion by
Catholic Nationalists who see their actions as repres-
sive measures against peaceful dissenters. While it is
true that the RUC eared such distrust in the past (by
such measures as standing aside while peaceful protest
marchers were beaten by Protestant mobs), they have
tried to clean up their act and entice more Catholics
into their ranks to make the police more representa-
tive of the overall population. Their efforts in thisarea
have been frustrated because any Catholics who join
the RUC are singled out for death by the IRA.

Sinn Féin — The original Sinn Féin was the
party that won independence for Ireland. Today's
Sinn Féin is technically known as Provisional
Sinn Féin (though hardly anyone calls them that).
It acts as the political wing of the IRA and also
serves as a radical working class Nationalist party.
They refuse to recognize British rule of the North.

Unionists— Unionists is the term used for those
who support continued union with Great Britain.

Unionists see no legal foundation to the Republic's
claimson the six counties, and interpret involvement
by Dublin as an attempt to assert their (nonexistent)
authority over a British territory. They fear that
Dublin's aims are to force a reunification between
Norther Ireland and the Republic. The Unionists
hold 13 seatsin Parliamentand thushold crucial votes
in support of the Conservative government. Should
they withdraw theirsupport, John Major'sparty would
no longer be in the majority. It is therefore in the
interest of the Conservative government to keep the
Unionists happy. Of course, nobody else wants the
Unionists, at least for now, though there has been a
long history of deals made and allegiances purchased
by one British party or another.

There are two Unionist parties:

© The UUP (Ulster Unionist Party) is the
larger, more moderate group who advocate mak-
ing Sinn Féin a mainstream party through election
to an assembly.

© The DUP (Democratic Unionist Party) is
led by Ian Paisley. Extremely right-wing in atti-
tude, members of this party are very set against any
cooperation with Dublin or any plans for power
sharing with the SDLP. Paisley has called the
Vatican "anti-Christ."

UVE, UFF and UDA — The UVF (Ulster
Volunteer Force) and the UFF (Ulster Freedom
Fighters) operate as smaller units under the protec-
tion of the UDA (Ulster Defense Association). All
are illegal Protestant terrorist organizations whose
main support comes from the working class. While
they should probably be referred to as "Loyalist"
terrorists rather than "Protestant," since they are (so
far as is known) totally comprised of Protestant
members, it is as accurate to call them Protestant
terrorists as it is to identify the IRA as being exclu-
sively Catholic. The UDA wasconsidered legal until
1992, a state of affairs which greatly angered the
Catholic community who saw this as another in-
stance in which their side was kicked while the
Protestants wereallowed todo whateverthey pleased.
None of the groups have any aim other than terror-
izing and frightening Catholics and performing
revenge killings in response to IRA attacks. The
Ulster Defense Association's political arm is known.
as the Ulster Democratic Party, and serves much the
same function as Sinn Féin does for the IRA.

Chapcer Two: A Cdychical Fiscory of Ireland



into another.

The island of Ireland lies off the western coast of
Great Britain. Bordered on the west by the Atlantic
Ocean and on the east by the Irish Sea, which separates
it from Britain, the island its of
32,500 square miles of rocky headlands and rolling fields,
bogs. To the north, Scotland
ss the North Channel, while
the port city of Rosslare, on Ireland's southeastern tip, is
less than 100 miles from Wales.

f occupies an are:

The Republic of Ireland, home to three million
people, comprises 85% of the island. The remaining
15%, six counties in the Northeast with a combined
population of 1.5 million, makes up Northern Ireland,
part of the United Kingdom.

Everywhere you walk in Ireland you are conscious of
overlapping layers of human history, visibly crumbling one

—Katharine Scherman, Flowering of Ireland

Politics and geography rarely coincide, however,
and the following overview of Ireland's physical land-
marks concentrates on the four ancient provinces that
once demarcated the island during the Celtic era. Begin-
ning with the westernmost province of Connaught (or
Connacht) and proceeding to Leinster in the east,
Munster in the south, and concluding with the divided
province of Ulster in the north, this chapter will high-
light many of the island's cities, natural

landmarks and archaeological treasures.

atures, historic

There are so many sites that each entry is in many
ways no more than a teaser. Feel free to use the hints
about freeholds and faerie presence included, or let them
simply stimulate your imagination.

Chapzer Three: Geography 5


Enchanced Ireland

Once a plentiful cauldron of Glamour, Ireland
still holds a wealth of faerie magic — freeholds, glades,
thorpes and faerie rings. These enchanted sites are
described, along with those who inhabit them, in
inserts scattered throughout this chapter. These sec-
tions will also detail significantdifferences in geography
between chimericand physical sites. Much of the island's
magic has been greatly weakened by overexposure to
nostalgic tourists and greedy entrepreneurs or else
tainted by centuries of war, famine and internal strife.

our Green [elds

"What did I have" said the fine old woman

"What did I have" this fine old woman did say

T had four green fields, and each one was a jewel

But strangers came, and tried to take them from me

I had fine strong sons and they fought to save my
jewels

They fought and died, and that was my grief said she
Makem, Four Green Fields

— Tommy

Connaughc

Buffeted by the rough Atlantic winds that often
bring heavy rains and enshroud much of the coast in
a perpetual drizzle, Ireland's West contains some of
the island's wildest and most beautiful scenery.
Sparsely populated and still largely rural, the ancient
province of Connaught includes the counties of
Galway, Mayo, Sligo, Roscommon and Leitrim as
well as the Aran Islands.

Rachcrogan

In County Roscommon, not far from Tulsk, lies
the ring barrow of Rathcrogan. Also known as
Cruachain, this gently sloping mound once served as
the seat of the kings of Connaught. Irish legends claim
the area as the home of Ailil MacMata, husband and
rival of Queen Maeve, the instigator of the infamous
Cattle Raid of Cooley. The land around Rathcrogan
contains a number of ancient formations including a
pillarstone known as Medb's Lump, the Cave of the
Cats (Oweynagat), an artificial cave (or souterrain)
reputed to house an entrance to the Other World, and
a stone ring fort built around
a standing stone commemorating the grave of Daithi,
Ireland's last pagan king.

the Hill of the Corpse:

56 Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

The Court of Connaugh

South of Rathcrogan lies the Hill of the Cairns,
the coronation site for Connaught's pagan kings,
where they joined with the goddess Medb in an
intoxicating ritual of divine revelry. Beneath the hill,
Fiachra of House Dougal, King of Connaught, holds his
court. While less splendid in physical detail than the
courts of his fellow rulers, Fiachra's Great Hall isaworthy
specimen of chimeric architecture, combining tradi-
tional Celtic and neolithic building techniques with
modern structural designs of earth-friendly, innovative
architects patronized by the farseeing king. Recently,
more frills have started to find their way into the trap-
pings of the court due to the insistence of Fiachra's
fosterling, Princess Bethany, on "prettying up" the hall's
severe elegance. Fiachra's palatial residence lies superim-
posed upon the ruins of nearby Roscommon Castle.

Galway

Located where the River Corrib flows into Galway
Bay, the port city of Galway combines a rich Irish-
speaking tradition with a more modern outlook brought
about by having a university in its midst. Its protected
bay and strategic location made Galway a natural trad-
ing center for ships from Spain as early as the 14th
century. For two centuries following its Royal Charter
in 1396, Galway enjoyed the status of a city-state ruled
by 14 merchant families, known as the 14 tribes of
Galway. Its allegiance to the British Crown had dire
consequences during the reign of Cromwell, whose
army ransacked the city in 1652. The forces of William
of Orange also attacked Galway in 1691. After the
defeat of the Battle of the Boyne, Galway's prosperity
dwindled as trade moved eastward and England loomed
even larger in the fortunes of Irish history.

Modern Galway, with a population of 47,000, is
the largest city in Ireland's West. In the last two de-
cades, the city has undergone a resurgence due to a
two-pronged revitalization process aimed at capitaliz-
ing on the city's colorful past and investing — through
the cultivation of high-tech industries — in the future.
Good road and rail transportation link the city of
Galway with the rest of Ireland, making it a popular
weekend destination for residents of the country's more
populous Eastern regions.

Full of narrow, winding roads dating from its origins
as a walled Anglo-Norman fort and trading post, Galway
provides an ideal venue for walking tours of the city's
historic and cultural landmarks. Though Lynch's Castle (a


16th century medieval structure embellished with gar-
goyles and numerous other stonework delicacies) now
houses a bank, its stately fagade — along with that of the
nearby Collegiate Church of St. Nicholas — lends an air
of dignity that sometimes clashes with the distinctly
carnival atmosphere fostered by the city's new commit-
ment to cultural celebration.

Today, Galway bills itselfasa "carnival city," boasting
over 50 festivals during the period from March through
December. These events celebrate everything from tradi-
tional art, literature and music to modern pastimes such as
vintage cars, horse and auto racing, tas and trout
fishing competitions, and the annual Galway Interna-
tional Oyster Festival.

Claddagh Rings andPucans

On the west bank of the Corrib just beyond
the Spanish Arch lies the region once known as
the Claddagh. Once an independent close-knit
community of Gaelic-speaking fisherfolk — in-
cluding a number of selkies — ruled by their own
"king" or "mayor," the village was demolished in
the 1930s, its thatched cottages replaced by more
functional housing. Little remains of the lost cul-
ture except for the sentimental silver claddagh (or
friendship) ring, featuring two hands embracing a
crowned heart, and the wooden sailing boats known
as "hookers" or pucans once used by the Claddagh
folk for fishing and ferrying peat, cattle and other
goods. A community of mute swans occupies the
river near Claddagh, some say in silent testimonial
to the lost way of life.

The Kithain of Galway, however, know that
the spirit of the Claddagh has not been entirely
lost. Inhabited by a motley of selkies, pooka,
boggans and a sidhe warrior of House Scathach,
the pub knownas the Crown and Heart, located on
aside street off the Claddagh Quai, radiates a quiet
aura of faerie magic that reminds all who pass by its
weathered front of the pride of the Claddagh
fisherfolk. During the hours near dawn and sunset,
a chimeric pucan plies the waters of Galway Bay,
sometimes traveling along the coast to visit other
small freeholds along the shores of Connaught.
Members of the Crown and Heart motley wear
genuine claddagh rings, faerie treasures that give
them the ability to detect insincerity when spoken
in their presence. One of the mute swans, actually
a pooka named Branwyn, makes her living (when
she's not being a swan) performing as a mime for
the many festivals throughout the city.


Gort and Thoor Ballylee

Although characterized as a colorless little town, Gort

(population 1,100) bears noting for its association with the life
of William Butler
of the late 19th and

and other writers of the literary revival

ly 20th centuries. The tower of Thoor

a four-story square stone keep dating from the 16th

Yeats' home-away-from-Dublin from 1921-

seum honoring the poet occupies the structure.

Soole Park, once the residence of Lady Augusta

Gregory, famous for her collections and retellings of many Irish

folk legends. Her house nolongerstands, although the estateand

gardens — newly restored —still attract visitors eager to see the

"autograph tree." George Bernard Shaw, Ja

Millington Synge and other writers and artists of the time carved

their initials into a copper beech on the grounds of the estate.

The Calhopeans

Thoor Ballylee and Coole Park are popular rendezvous
spots for cliques of Calliopeans who draw their Glamour
from the modemaspiringpoetsand writers who visitthearea
in search of inspiration by Ireland's famous writers. Despite
having to contend with tourists, whose Banality spirals
through the area, the changelings still glean Glamour from
the writers who make pilgrimages to the famous spot.

Immorzal Cyes: Court of all Kings

en

Sligo

Ah we poor poets in our pride

Tread the bare song road all our summer,

To wake on lips of some new comer

"A poor man lived here once and died."

— W. B. Yeats, A Double Moon or More Ago

ThetownofSligoformstheheartofwhatisknownas "Yeats
Country," bound up as it is with the life of Ireland's most famous
poet. Withapopulation ofonly 17,000, Sligois nevertheless, the
largest city in northwestern Ireland. Situated along the banks of
the Garavogue River between Sligo Bay and Lough Gill, the
town has weathered invasions by Vikings in the ninth century
as well as the later Anglo-Norman conquerors who settled in
Ireland to become "more Irish than the Irish themsel

Besides the obligatory landmarks that mark the presenc:
of Sligo's native son — the Y lemorial Building which
houses the Sligo Art Gallery, the statue of the poet near Hyde
Bridge, and the Sligo County Library and Museum where the
paintings of Yeats' father John and brother Jack are displayed
along with other Yeats memorabilia — are the ruins of Sligo
Abbey, the town's only remaining medieval structure. Visi-
tors to the area usually find their way to one of Sligo's better
known pubs, either Hargadon's or Beezie's, located on
O'Connell Street, for a taste of genuine Irish conviviality
before ranging outside the town to view the local landmarks.


The Broken aap:
Where che Unseelie Diay

Just off O'Connell Street, sandwiched be-
tween a corner pub and a greengrocer's shop, lies
a shabby storefront, apparently closed for repairs
or refurbishing. To changelings' faerie senses,
however, the building appears in its true chimeric
form as the Broken Harp, a gathering place for the
local Unseelie Kithain. Although the bar is run
by Lurgan, a redcap bartender, the unofficial
movers and shakers of the Broken Harp are a pair
of sidhe brothers, twins of House Ailil named
Donal and Dougal.

Here, changelings dissatisfied with the stolid
rule of King Fiachra or with the placid life dic-
tated by their largely rural surroundings meet to
discuss everything from insurrection to the com-
ing long Winter. Some, as in any drinking
establishment, come merely to sample the local
brew and listen to the rowdy music that often fills
the freehold during evening hours. Mad Caitlin
and the Drunken Poets, a band of Kithain musi-
cians led by a charismatic wilder of House
Leanhaun, sometimes raise the roof with their
manic interpretations of traditional Irish ballads
and reels. Prominently displayed along the walls
of the freehold are a series of imaginative, though
irreverent or downright bawdy, paintings pur-
ported to be the work of Jeffrey Yeats, the poet's
"other, really talented brother." In actuality these
are the offerings of Evin Delaney, a local eshu
artist of Irish tinker stock.

Carrowkeel Dassage Cemecery

South of Lough Arrow, in County Sligo, the
Bricklieve Mountains house a remote collection of Stone
Age burial sites known as the Carrowkeel Passage Cem-
etery. 14 passage tombs, containing cruciform graves and

elaborately corbeled vaults, salt the heath and bogland
covering the sometimes treacherous mountain slopes.
One such passage tomb rivals Newgrange in size and
complexity, although sunlight from the summer and not
the winter solstice illuminines its burial chamber once a
year. Not far away are the ruins of Stone Age huts,
marking this lonely spot as one of the oldest inhabited
places in Ireland.

Knocknareaand Cueen
CDaeves Tomd

Near Sligo, atop Knocknarea Mountain, rests a massive
stone cairn reputed to be the burial mound of Queen Maeve of
Connaught (anhonorclaimed byanumberofothermegalithic
sites in western and northwestern Ireland). The massive
mound of stones (weighing in at nearly 40,000 tons) is clearly
visible from five counties, the fickle weather of Ireland permit-
ting, of course. Despite its temptation to archaeologists, the
cairn has never been explored or excavated, although many
visitors to the area undertake the hour-long climb to the top of
Knocknareato view itupcloseand personal. Tradition dictates
that each pilgrim to the cairn bring with hera rock toadd to its
mass —a custom which, over the years, has made the thought
of probing its contents increasingly less likely.

The Banshee of Knocknarea

Unknown to most Kithain, the tomb houses one
of Irish legend's most feared creatures — the wailing
spirit known as the Bean Sidhe, more commonly
called "banshee" by mortals. (See Nobles: The Shin-
ing Host for more details on this forlorn faerie spirit.)
Entombed by a group of angry fae tired of her Ravag-
ing attacks upon their Glamour, the rocky prison
served to contain, though not destroy, her deathless
spirit, which languished in growing desperation until
recently released through the power of the Keystone
(one of the Immortal Eyes). Whether she is, in fact,
the ravenous spirit of the legendary Maeve, Queen of
Connaught, or some other faerie queen of old, is
something her fractured memories cannot recall.

Connemara

The western part of Galway, a peninsula bordered by an
erratic coastline carved by the persistent activities of water on
stone, exemplifies the heart of the Irish wilderness. A ridge of
mountains, collectively referred to as the Twelve Bens, rises
in the center of Connemara, while the Roundstone Bog
covers a large part of the area southwest of the mountains.
Lakes, heaths, rivers and rock-strewn ground provide a feast
of wild beauty that ranges from barren splendor to lush
extravagance. Orchidsabound in certain partsof Connemara,
along with hooded crows, merlins and peregrine falcons.
Connemara teems with small predators such as badgers and
foxes, and larger animals including the Connemara pony and
the recently reintroduced red deer. Otters play along the
rivers, while gray seals live near the rocky shores.


APookaDaradise

The Connemara National Park, open year round
andcontainingfourofthe Twelve Bensaswellas heathland
and bogs, houses a faerie glade frequented by pooka from
all over Ireland. Here, a gentle Connemara pony pooka
named Ben (sometimes called the Thirteenth Ben) hosts
the annual All-Hibernian International Tall Tale Festi-
yal, a celebration of the kith's expertise in creative
storytelling. The festival is held twice a year, on the
evenings of the summer and winter solstice.

Roscommon

The capital city of County Roscommon is a small but
busy town of sheep and cattle farmers that serves asa base for
sightseers wishing to see the nearby stone monuments of
Rathcrogan and other sites west of the Shannon River. The
remains ofa 13th century Dominican abbey founded by Felim
O'Connor, then King of Connaught, house the king's tomb
whose sides are carved with the figures of Scottish mercenar-
ies (called gallowglasses) who hired out as bodyguards to the
Irish nobles. The splendid ruins of Castle Roscommon, west
of the town, stand as mute evidence of the area's weathered
past. Built in 1269, the castle was destroyed by the armies of
Hugh O'Conor, another King of Connaught. Restored a
decade later, the castle stood until 1652, when it was severely
damaged by Cromwell's men. The castle's eastern and west-
em gateway, along with four round towers, hint at the

imposing presence that once dominated the landscape.

Piachras Cascle:

che Ruins of Cascle Roscommon

Although its physical structure bears little resemblance
to its former grandeur, Roscommon Castle presents an
entirely different view to faerie kenning. Atop this stately
ruin, King Fiachra has created a truly magnificent faerie
fortress. This chimeric restoration augments the castle's
original design witha few of Fiachra's own innovations, such
asadomed garage to house his fleetofracing carsand vintage
autos, a tall tower ideal for hang-gliding, and a circular
railroad that forms the perimeter ofhisfreehold. Beneath the
castle, in the area which once housed the fortress' dungeon,
Fiachra has constructed a gallery to display his chimerical
replicas of famous racing vehicles and miniature trains.
Within thisgalleryalsobumsthe frechold'sbalefire, indicative
of Fiachra's sense of where the heart ofhis holding lies. Not far
from the castle, Fiachra also keeps a farm run by enchanted
mortals. Here he breeds a stock of racehorses fine enough to
compete in many of the regional and national competitions.

60 Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Aran Islands

The Aran Islands form a rocky buffer that stretches
across Galway Bay. Formed of carboniferous limestone, these
stony islands have almost no natural soil to speak of, yet they
support a population of approximately 14,000 inhabitants
who manage to wresta living from their unyielding surround-
ings. The people of Aran are Gaelic-speakers, proud of their
heritage and determined in theirconviction to preservea way
of life that is fast disappearing from the rest of Ireland.
Although the tourist industry has brought a measure of
prosperity to the islanders, fishing remains an important part
of the islands' fragile economy. Once accessible only by boat,
a small airport on each of the three principal islands now
connects Aran to the outside world.

Inis M6r, or Inishmore, the largest of the three main
islands, contains a number of pagan and Christian sites. In
addition to St. Enda's Church, which honors the sixth
century founder of Irish monasticism, the island isalso the site
of Dain Aenghus, a massive circular stone fort on the edge of
a 300-foot tall cliff above the ocean. Three concentric walls
make up the Bronze Age structure, which is embellished by
aline of pointed stones asa protection against attackers from
the sea. In the center of the fort lies
Evidence suggests to archaeologists that this mighthave been
the site for public sacrifices. The smaller fort of Din Eochla

raised stone platform.

occupies a high piece of ground near the western end of the
island. The village of Gort na gCapall, birthplace of Irish
author Liam O'Flaherty, shares the island along with
Kilmurvey House, once the residence of Inishmore's biggest
and most ruthless landowner, known for his unfair evictions
and unyielding attitude toward his tenants.

The island of Inis Medin (Inishmaan) lies across from
Inishmore by the strait known as Gregory's Sound, named
for St. Gregory whose coffin supposedly rose from its burial
in Rome and made its way back to the islands in response
to the saint's wish to lie in the earth of Aran. A number of
historic and legendary sites dot the landscape, including
the stone fort of Din Fearbhai, Cill Cheannach, a 12th
century stone church, and a cottage made famou:
summer residence of playwright John Millington
Dtin Chonchtir, located atop the highest point of
Inishmaan, derives its name from Conor, the brother of
the Fir Bolg chieftain Aenghus

Nearest to the mainland of Ireland, a short hop by air
from the town of Doolin on the coast of Clare, the island
of Inis Ofrr (Inisheer) contains the ruins of St. Cavan's
Church, a 13th century building which is the site for a
yearly pilgrimage in honor of the island's patron saint, and
O'Brien's Castle, a 14th century edifice demolished by
Cromwell in 1652.


Oan Aenghus

Once the fortress home of a legendar:
chieftain after that race's exile by the Tuatha de
Danaan to the west of Ireland, Din Aenghus later
became a powerful site of faerie magic. After its
abandonment by the original inhabitants, a prince
of House Dougal discovered the three-fold stone
circle's innate association with the dormant magic
of the earth. Using Glamour to evoke and awaken,
the ping power, this nameless prince con-
structed a massive treasure vault in which to house
some of the sidhe's most valuable possessions.
Sensing the imminent departure of his kind from
the mortal world, this farsighted lord hoped to lay
by a store of magical items in hopes of a time
conducive to the return of the sidhe. Unfortu-
nately for his dreams, he had only begun to amass
his horde when the forces of the Shattering com-
pelled him to leave for Arcadia by the nearest
gateway, Silver's Gate. He fell in the battle that
raged during the gate's final moments, his dreams
forever lost, and with them, the key that would
unlock the entrance to his cache.

During the Interregnum, a small group of
sluagh, who found the limestone cliffs and rocky
ground of Inishmore ideal for their habitation,
claimed Dain Aenghus as their freehold. These
enterprising Kithain embellished the site with
their own chimeric protections in the form of
traps and mind-befuddling mazes. Despite their
familiarity with the structure's physical and chi-
merical details, they did not find the hidden
treasure horde. They did, however, sense a pow-
erful emination of Glamour just beyond their
reach. Word leaked out to other Kithain of a
great lost treasure of the fae, and Din Aenghus
soon became the site for a succession of Kithain
battles, with the freehold changing hands several
times before the return of the sidhe.

Today, a motley of Unseelie Kithain, includ-
ing a sluagh descended from the original creators
of the freehold, inhabits Din Aenghus, which
they have turned into an unofficial headquarters
for what they hope will be the eventual ousting of
the sidhe from the halls of Kithain power. They,
too, have heard the rumors of buried treasure
beneath their fort and hope that, among the wealth,

few good weapons which can be turned to their

advantage. All they need is to find someone who

can unravel the mystery of where the treasure lies.

Chapcer Three: Geography


Achill Island

Only 20 feet of water separates Achill Island from
mainland Ireland. The island is 12 miles across at its
broadest expanse, 13.5 miles long, and co'
of 55 square miles. It is a microcosm of Ireland's West,
containing mountains (some over 2,000 ft.), dramatic

an area

cliffs, fine sandy beaches, stretches of heather and
bleak moors.

The Michael Davitt Bridge connects Achill Island
to the Mayo coast and leads to the market village of
Achill Sound, the primary center for shopping, with
facilities for boat rental and other water sports.

Achill Island's highest peak, Mount Slievemore,
lies along the northern coast. Near the base of the
mountain are the sad ruins of Slievemore Village. Be-
low Slievemore, on the seaward side, are the Seal
Caves, accessible only by water.

Along the island's south coast, the villages of
Dooagh and Keel are fishing communities, noted for
their picturesque beauty and fine beaches. A two-mile
stretch of white sands lies between Keel and the 800-
feet-tall Menawn Cliffs and the Cathedral Rocks. West
of Dooagh, Keem Bay offers not only fine views of the
nearby coast but also occasional sightings of basking
shark, which frequent the temperate Irish coastal wa-
ters. Also along the south coast, the ruins of Kildownet
Castle mark the island's connection with Grace
O'Malley, Ireland's notorious pirate queen.

Mount Croaghaun (2,192 ft.) dominates the west-
nd. From its heights, a knife-edge
ridge of cliffs slopes toward Achill Head, the
westernmost tip of Achill Island. Beyond this sprawls
the Atlantic Ocean.

ern end of the

Silvers Gace and che Isle of

Oreams

The Isle of Dreams sparkled atop the water, a
verdant expanse of gently rising ground that culmi-
nated in a rounded hill in the island's center. Atop the
hill, a faerie castle of crystal spires and prismic towers
crowned the island's highest point. Before the gate of
the castle stood a pair of stone statues, elegantly clad
knights with long, flowing hair.

— Jackie Cassada, Court of All Kings

The legendary Isle of Dreams, once the meeting
place for the Court of All Kings and the site of Silver's
Gate, sank beneath the ocean off the tip of Achill
Island aftera fierce battle during the final moments of

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

the sidhe's flight to Arcadia. (See Nobles: The
Shining Host as well as the Immortal Eyes novels for
fuller details about the battle for Silver's Gate.)
Since the Shattering, the island has rested in a
pocket of mute Glamour at the bottom of the ocean.

When it wasan active freehold, the Isle of Dreams
represented a piece of Arcadia within the world of
mortals. Roughly circular in shape and approximately
the size of Inisheer, the chimeric form of the island rises
in the center to a rounded hill, atop which stands an
ethereal castle housing the Hall of the Shining Ones,
the chamber in which the faerie kings and queens of
Ireland convened four times yearly, at each change of
the seasons. At the base of the castle, the shining
archway of Silver's Gate provided relatively easy access
between the mortal world and Arcadia.

After the Battle of Silver's Gate, a pair of eyeless
stone statues — the calcified ruins of the twin
brothers' whose enmity led to the sinking of the
island — replaced the silver pillars which once
anchored the gateway.

Traditionally, the guardianship of Silver's Gate
has belonged to the selkies who live in the nearby
Seal Caves of Achill Island.

Seal Caves: the Selkie
Oomain

The physical caves that lie below Slievemore
concealaselkie freehold that has existed since before
the Sundering. Here reside the descendants of the
original guardians of Silver's Gate. Since the disap-
pearance of their legendary Queen Merala, doomed
by her own curse upon the fractious Kithain whose
hatred barred her kith's return to Arcadia, the selkies
have refused to elect another queen. Their legends
tell of a time when Merala's curse will be lifted,
freeing her to return once again to assume her
rightful place as first among the selkies.

Lemscer

The Eastern counties of Louth, Longford, Meath, West
Meath, Dublin, Offaly, Kildare, Laois, Wicklow, Carlow,
Kilkenny and Wexford make up the province of Leinster.
Fromitsmidlands (often called the cradle of Irish civilization)
to its southeastern shores (close enough to England to invite

invasion), this varied land of pastures, hills, rivers, lakes and
bogs bears the burden of history with dignity and humor.


OQuohin

But the trees in Stephen's Green were fragrant of
rain and the rainsodden earth gave forth its mortal odour,
a faint incense rising upward through the mould from
many hearts. The soul of the gallant venal city which his
elders had told him of had shrunk with time to a faint
mortal odour rising from the earth...

— James Joyce, Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man

The capital of the Republic of Ireland, Dublin holds
nearly one-third of the Republic's population. From its
origins in the ninth century as a Viking outpost, the city's
strategic location at the mouth of the River Liffey facing
England's west coast has placed Dublin in the forefront of
Irish history. The seat of British power for many centuries,
ter Rising of 1916.
Its contradictory nature, which combines Nationalist sen-
timent with an appreciation for the best of British culture,
has resulted in the blend of Anglo-Irish and Roman
Catholic traditions that set Dubliners apart from the rest

it was also the center for the doomed E:

of the Republic's population.

The River Liffey, spanned by no fewer than seven
bridges, divides the city alongan east-westaxis. North of the
Liffey are several buildings and sites associated with the
Easter Rising and the Irish Civil War of 1920-21, including

with its statue of "The Liberator," the Four Courts and the
Custom House. Here, too, the James Joyce Cultural Centre
celebrates the life and works of Dublin's greatest writer,
while the Abbey Theatre, founded in 1898 under the
support of W. B. Yea
a venue for dramatic productions by Irish playwrights. St.
Mary's Pro-Cathedral, Dublin's major Catholic church,
home to the illustrious Palestrina Choir.

and Lady Augusta Gregory, provides

Even more monuments to Dublin's rich culture and
history lie south of the Liffey. Trinity College, founded in
1592 by Queen Elizabeth I, now servesas the repository for
Ireland's greatest treasure — the Book of Kells. In addi-
tion, Trinity's chapel has the distinction of being the
Republic's only interdenominational church. The Na-
tional Gallery houses many works by Irish painters,
including an entire room devoted to the paintings of Jack
Yeats, considered to be one of the country's most impor-
tant artists. Dublin Castle, the heart of British rule for 700
years, has undergone numerous renovations and recon-
structions since its erection in the 13th century. Today, it
is a national monument and conference center. Christ
Church Cathedral, Dublin's premier Protestant establish-
ment, houses the remains of Richard de Clare, known as
Strongbow, leader of the Anglo-Irish nobles whose arrival
in Ireland signaled the beginning of English rule.

Chapzer Three: Geography


Architecturally, Dublin reflects a kaleidoscope of
styles, from remnants of the medieval city to the splendid

18th century Georgian town houses of the Age of El-

ide thoroughfares such elland Parnell
Streets give way to narrow, m e back-streets. In
addition to a cosmopolitan collection of shops that range
from major department stores to specialty shops and bou-
tiques featuring traditional and contemporary wares, Dublin
hosts a boundless supply of restaurants and drinking estab-
lishments, many of which feature traditional music in
addition to more modern bands.

The Book of Ketts

During the Dark Ages, Irish monks preserved
many important writings from falling into obscurity
through their painstaking commitment to the aptly
named art of illuminating manuscripts. The most
famous of these lavishly illustrated texts is the Book
of Kells. This breathtakingly beautiful manuscript
now rests in the Treasury of Trinity College, where
its pages are turned periodically to allow limited
display of its intricate designs and brilliant colors.

Despite its long exposure to the public view, the
Book of Kells still radiates the Glamour of its inspired,
anonymous creators. A persistent rumor among
Ireland's faerie population maintains that the pres-
enceofafew changelings within thecountry'smonastic
communities gave rise to the glorious dreams that
guided the hands of the scribes of the Book of Kells and
other comparable manuscripts. The spiritual orienta-
tion of Ireland's cloisters certainly afforded some
protection from Banality, while the infusion of Chris-
tianity with pagan traditions made it possible for these
changelings to remain true to the Dreaming. The
major argumentamong Kithain consists of which kith
deserves the credit for this remarkable achievement.

Trinity College is a favorite gathering place for
Ireland's Kithain drawn to scholarly and cultural
means of gathering Glamour. Sir Odhran, King
Bran's archivist, occupies a curatorial position here
in his mortal guise.

Leinscer Nouse: King Brans

Residence

Occupying a Georgian town house in a
slightly dilapidated area of northern Dublin, near
King's Inns, King Bran of Leinster keeps himself
close to the heart of his constituency. While the
physical proportions of the building differ little
from others of its kind, its chimeric outer form


resembles a Norman fortified tower, a design
which attracted Bran because of the aura of
solidity and responsible guardianship projected
by its dimensions. The interior of Leinster House
is less severe, and reflects the King of Leinster's
keen interest (fostered by Sir Odhran) in Irish
culture. Here Bran displays his collection of
historic curios and fine musical instruments.

In his first floor drawing room, Bran holds
unofficial court where he meets with his nobles
and occasionally commoners of note to discuss
Kithain politics. Although he maintains a stand-
ing invitation to Dublin's Kithain to "come and
talk things over" with him, he rarely allows
anyone who takes him up on his word to see
more than his public rooms. His private quar-
ters, on the second and third floors, are just that.
In his bedroom and private library, Bran keeps
his most cherished faerie treasures.

The capital of County Wexford, southernmost of
Leinster's territory, is noteworthy the site of the
Wexford Opera Festival, an international affair that
supplies the local Kithain with a yearly infusion of
ar Abbey, where King Henry II was
alleged to have repented for the murder of Thomas &

. The nearby Wexford Wildfowl Pres:

of swans, waders and birds of prey

Glamour, and of

e hosts a

well as
servingas the winter home for large numbers of Greenland
white-fronted geese.

(icklow CDouncains

South of Dublin, in County Wicklow, lie the Wicklow
Mountains, long a refuge for rebels against the British
Crown. Once part of the area known as the Pale, the
Wicklow Mountains served as a home for the warlords of
the O'Toole clan. After the abortive uprising of 1798,
many rebels hid out in the Wicklow Mountains until the
British carved its Military Road through the landscape in

an attempt to get at the fugitiv

The mountains themselves are watered by several

rivers 2 E and include Powerscourt Waterfall,
Ireland's high scade, where the River Dargle flows
over a granite escarpment to its base 425 feet below. The
Sally Gap, Vale of Clara (with its minuscule village
consisting of a church,

monastery ruins of Glendalough and the

Glenmacnass are other noteworthy sites in the ai

(arlords of eee vs.

Caretakers of Sc. Kevin

The Wicklow Mountains hold two rival
groups of Kithain, one Unseelie and the other
nominally Seelie but more eccentric than any-
thing else. Within the hills near the Sally Gap
lies a freehold created in secret by Kithain
disaffected with King Bran's assumption of the
rule of Leinster. Kindled by stolen balefire, the
ruins of a cottage thought to be associated with
Michael Dwyer, one of the leaders of the 1798
rebellion, serve as the headquarters of the
Warlords of Wicklow. Led by aclurichaun call-
ing himself O'Toole, this collection of nockers,
boggans, redcaps and pooka plot the overthrow
of Bran and Ravage the tourists to the region
under the guise of "friendly locals" eager to give
tours of the area's historic sites. Many who
succumb to them come away thoroughly de-
pressed instead of revitalized by their
connection to Irish history.

On the other end of the spectrum, the
area near Glendalough monastery is home to
the Caretakers of St. Kevin, a group of Kithain
drawn by the various legends associated with
the holy hermit. A member of the royal house
of Leinster in the fifth century, Kevin re-
nounced his heritage to dwell in a cell (or
cave, according to some tales) near
Glendalough, where he founded a monastery
dedicated to healing the sick and illuminating
manuscripts. His extraordinary lifespan (120
years) has convinced the Caretakers that St.
Kevin was actually one of the fae.

This circle, led by the ascetic sidhe
Iarfhlaith (pronounced YAR-lath) Finleigh,
occupies a freehold atop the site of St. Kevin's
Cell, the ruins of a beehive hut in which the
saint was thought to make his home (when he
wasn't living in a cave, presumably). They
devote themselves to contemplation and to
undoing the work of the Warlords, attempting
to re-inspire mortals drained by the Unseelie
Ravagers. They owe nominal fealty to the
King of Wicklow (one of Bran's nobles), but
prefer not to go crying to their liege, feeling it
is their duty to wage their campaign against
the Warlords in private, as their namesake
would have done.

Chapzer Three: Geography


Valley of che Boyne
(Newigrange, Oowch, ec.)

The fertile valley of the River Boyne, which flows through
County Meath, contains a wealth of landmarks significant to
Ireland's past. Megalithic structures such as the passage tombs
of Newgrange, Dowth and Knowth jockey for the limelight
with the faded splendor ofthe Hill of Tara, once the seat of Irish
high kings, and Christian monumentssuchas the Hill of Slane,
the location of St. Patr amous paschal flame.

Laterhistory catapulted the Boyne Valley into prominence
as the site of William of Orange's decisive victory over the Irish
armies loyal to James II. The bar
sorts of wildlife, including kingfishers, heronsand cormorants. In

f the river are home to all

es, stretches of whitewater provide a challenge for canoers.

pl
hit of Tara

The low, grassy hill where once the high kings of Ireland
held court houses a collection of Iron Age forts and other

earthwork structures, although their original purposesare not

Newigrange to Oourch:

che Court of Leinscer

Although it is Ireland's most celebrated passage
tomb, the impressive mound of Newgrange has had its
inherent Glamour, invested by its original creators,
greatly weakened by its popularity as an archaeological
dig and tourist attraction. Before the Sundering, the
Seelie Court of Leinster met within its vast under-
ground chambers from Beltaine to Samhain. Symbolic
of the renewal of life and the coming spring, on the
winter solstice, sunrise sendsa shaft of light down the 65
feet passage to light the central chamber.

At Samhain, honoring the twofold tradition of
Winter and Summer courts, the now Unseelie Court
would move their location to Dowth, where the setting
sun illuminated its innermost chamber on the winter
solstice. Linked to an ancient Druid curse, the name
Dubad (or "darkness") was placed upon Dowth, a fitting
name perhaps for the darkness of the Unseelie Court.

Upontheirreturn from Arcadia, thesidhe of Leinster
attempted to recover their original court at Newgrange
but found it sadly unsuitable. Now the full-time Seelie
Court meets in the formerly Unseelie chamber beneath
Dowth in an area chimerically reconstructed to give the
impression of a forest glade under Arcadian skies.

A secret trod connects Newgrange and Dowth,
and it is this passage that the Court uses to enter,
rather than approach their new home directly.

Immorcal Cyes: Cour of all Kings

readily apparent to viewers unfamiliar with what they are
seeing. An oval fort, the Royal Enclosure, surrounds an
earthen structure known as Conor's House, site of the Lia Fail
or"stone of destiny" upon which the high kings were crowned.

CDunscer

The Southern portion of Ireland includes Cork,
Waterford, Tipperary, Clare, Limerick and Kerry.
ciations with the tradition of ion against England, as

well d i auty make this part of
Ireland popular with visitors tired of the cosmopolitan
Dublin region and the starkness of the West. Here, too, are
popular centers for items associated with Ireland — lace,

crystal, castles and "blarney."

Shevenamon

Rising 2,358 feet above the Suir Valley in County
Waterford, the quartzite dome of Slievenamon ("the moun-
tain of women") affords a panoramic view of the
countryside. From its top, the green slopes and lush plains
of Counties Tipperary and Kilkenny to the north, the
mist-shrouded Comeragh Mountains to the south, and the
fertile Suir Valley, watered by the River Suir, display their
finery. Despite intrusions by the modern world (a televi-
sion antenna near the mountain's top and gashes in the
landscape where hedges have fallen to the desire for
greater agricultural convenience), Slievenamon retains
much of its singular dignity.

Finn (Dac Cools (ouncain
Home

Slievenamon lives on in legend as the home of
Finn MacCool, the giant-sized hero of tall tales and
myths both comic and tragic. The mountain's gentle
slope served as the site for a race among the land's
eligible maidens for the "honor" of winning Finn in
marriage. The sorrowful tale of Diarmaid and Gréinne
has its beginnings in the outcome of that race, won by
Grainne to her regret. Preferring young Diarmaid to
the aging Finn, Grainne geased Diarmaid to run away
with her, only to be pursued by Finn and his Fianna
band. The slopes of Slievenamon now serve as an
occasional meeting place between the Kithain and
the Fianna, a Garou (werewolf) tribe that calls itself
after the warrior giant. Once thought to be an impor-
tant faerie freehold before the Shattering, it is now
part of the bawn (or perimeter) of a Garou caern.


Called the Republic's "second city," Cork, with its nearby
port of Cobh, lies in the low marshland around the River Lee on
the southern coast of Ireland. From its founding as a monastery
in the seventh century by St. Finnbarr, it grew into a Viking
settlementand latera Norman city. Cork's history asa hotbed of
rebellion comes from its support of James II against Cromwell's
armies, its involvement in the Fenian uprising, and, later, in the
Irish Civil War, and its continued opposition to the treaty which
ended that warand established a divided island. Theatmosphere
of modern C ests to the presence of a large university
population as well as a thriving artistic community.

Cork's landmarks include St. Finbarr's Cathedral, a 19th
century structure belonging to the Church of Ireland (Protes-
tant) builtatop the ruins of the original monastery; the Beamish
Brewery; the Butter Exchange (now a craft center); University
College and the Cork Museum, which includes exhibits of the
city'searly history along with memorabilia from the period of the
Irish Civil War. Nearby Cobh (literally, the Cove of Cork),
served as the departure point for many American-bound emi-
grants from Ireland in the years following the Great Famine.

Blarney Cascle

This 15th century castle, situated high above the
River Martin northwest of Cork, enjoys worldwide fame
as the home of the Blarney Stone, thought to be half of
Scotland's legendary Stone of Scone given in tribute to
Cormac MacCarthy forhissupportofRobert Brucein the
Battle of Bannockburn. The magical properties attached
toit (its ability to confer eloquence on anyone who kisses
thestone)stem from thefactthatitonceservedasapotent
repository for Glamour before the Sundering — long
before its installment in the castle wall. (It was, perhaps,
one of the largest examples of dross known to fae.) The
succeeding centuries and long lines of eager tourists have
diminished its store of faerie magic until only a glimmer
of its former splendor remains, and that is inaccessible.

The grounds around the castle ruins, now a series of
landscaped gardens and an arboretum, contain several
oddly shaped limestone rocks reputed to have associa-
tions with Druidicworship. A stand ofyew treesstill serves
as the meeting place fora coven of Verbena mages, while
the nearby "Fairy Glade" radiates a strong enchantment
discernable by Kithain. There are rumors that it serves as
the entryway to a hidden freehold of one of the ancient
sidhe, trapped in her castle by the sudden collapse of a
nearby trod that would have borne her to Silver's Gate.

Kithain from Cork sometimes travel to the area
around Blarney Castle in hopes of locating the precise
entry to the freehold, if it still exists.


BearaPeninsula

Forming the upper half of the shoreline around
Bantry Bay on Ireland's southwesternmost tip, the Beara
Peninsula and its many small fishing villages had a
reputation as a center for smuggling operations in ear-
lier centuries.

Castletownbere, the principal town on Beara, accom-
modates both tourists and agents of the fishing industry.
Much of the inland area still retains a relatively unspoiled
character, filled as itis with lakes, woods, fields and moors.
Local Kithain find it a good place to "get away" from more
Banality-laden environs.

Paxley Cascle and Copper ines

Near Castletownbere, the ruins of Puxley Castle and
its associated copper mines tell an ignoble story of greed
and the exploitation of the once-rich mineral resources of
the surrounding lands. The Puxley family, Anglo-Irish
industrialists, grew rich for a time on the labor of local
miners. Their residence, built in the middle of the 19th
century, reflected their love for pomp and tasteless ex-
travagance. In 1921, after the mines played out and the
family was forced to return to Cornwall, the old IRA put
the mansion to the torch.

Today, the ruins exude an eerie aura, and many have
sworn that they have sighted ghostly figures hovering

nearby. The copper mines serve as a freehold for a motley

of sluagh, who delight in the privacy the underground
location affords. The potential hazards caused by un-
marked mine-shafts discourage hordes of sightseers, thus
helping to protect the integrity of the freehold.

Ring of Kerry

The scenic road called the Ring of Kerry circum-
scribes the Iveragh Peninsula on Ireland's southwest coast,
encompassing several historic and natural landmarks:
coastal fishing villages, sandy beaches, the home of Daniel
O'Connell and the mountain range known as
MacGillycuddy Reeks, which contains Ireland's highest
peak, Carrantuohill. The ring fort known as Staigue Fort,
constructed without mortar, dates from the Iron Age.
According to legend, the structure was built in a day and
anight. Derrynane House, where Daniel O'Connell lived
for many years, lies on the southern end of Iveragh on the
outskirts of the town of Caherdaniel.

Near the southeastern end of the peninsula, the
village of Kenmare, founded by a surveyor under
Cromwell's command, has near its town center a ring of

stones known as the Druid's Circle. Lough Currane, a


small lake separated from Ballinskellig Bay by a strip of
land occupied by the fishing village of Waterville, con-
tains Church Island, site of several early Christian ruins
including a beehive hut thought to have been the home
of St. Finan. The ruins of a sunken castle are visible on
aclear day beneath the waters of Lough Currane.

Kattorghn and chePDuck Fair

Though its hilltop location overlooking the River
Laune makes the village of Killorglin a picturesque spot for
salmon fishers and sightseers, its main attraction is the
annual Puck Fair held for three days every August. A wild
mountain goat, caught for the occasion and crowned as
Puck, presides over the festivities, which feature livestock
sales, drinking, dancing and general merrymaking. The
traveling community of Ireland once converged upon
Killorglin during the fair.

One story concerning the origin of the Puck Fair
claims that it commemorates a stampede of wild goats that
once warned the village of an impending assault by the
English. Other legends claim that the celebration origi-
nated before the coming of Christianity to honor the old
magic of the land.

Commoners Court

Today, the Kithain of Munster (particularly the
commoners) use the fair to hold an annual common-
ers court, to the dismay of Queen Nuala. On a few
occasions, a daring pooka has served as the feted
Puck of the fair, although a persistent story circulates
about one such fearless Kithain who was never seen
again after beingso honored. The eshu population of
Ireland, most of whom come from traveling stock,
congregate here for rounds of storytelling and to
reaffirm their solidarity with others of their kith.

Omngle

Peninsula

Dingle Bay separates Iveragh from the Dingle Penin-
sula, a finger of land noted for its seascapes, Iron Age forts,

ogham stones, early Christian ruins and a sizable Irish-
speaking community. Sheltered beneath the slopes of
Ballysitteragh Mountain, the town of Dingle once served
as a major trading port with Spain until its destruction by
the forces of Elizabeth I and, later, those of Cromwell. In
the 18th century, it was a haven for smugglers. Today,
Dingle is a tourist town famous for its local celebrity —
Fungie the dolphin.

The town of Ventry, on Dingle's southern coast,
has a distinguished place in both Irish history and
legend. One of the last of the lands occupied by the

Danes, Ventry is also the site of Finn MacCool's legend-
ary battle with the "King of the World." On the western
edge of the peninsula, the village of Dunquin (Dun
Chaoin) plays an important role in the preservation of
the Irish language and culture, offering courses in Gaelic
and serving as a center for traditions which are disap-
pearing elsewhere on the island. Currachs still ply the
waters off its coast. The Gallarus Oratory, a dry-stone
church near Smerwick Harbor, dates from the early
Christian era (sixth through ninth centuries). The Iron
Age structure known as Dunbeg Fort and the ogham
stones at Ballintaggart in the southeastern portion of
the peninsula are from Ireland's prehistoric era.

The COcSkeach Nousehold

South of the village of Ballyferriter lies the
homestead of the McSkeath family, kinain of House
Scathach. A large farmhouse and several smaller
buildings for tools, livestock and the family's one
truck formsa small enclave within a sheltered valley.
While nota freehold, it is nevertheless relatively free
of Banality's taint due to the knowledge possessed by
its inhabitants of the reality of the fae.

Inevery generation since the Sundering, at least
one member of the McSkeath family has awakened
to her faerie nature, perpetuating the tradition of
Scathach protection over the Kithain and mortal
inhabitants of the area. Sorcha McSkeath is the
latest in that unbroken line. Her brothers, while they
know of their sister's dual nature, are fully human
(with faerie blood).

Skellig Islands

The rocky pair of islands called the Skelligs rise off the
coast of the Iveragh Peninsula. In thi
retreated to Skellig Michael (or Greater Skellig), the larger
ofthe two islands, where they builta monastery on its craggy
slopes. The six beehive huts, two oratories and a church
(built in the 12th century) formed the physical
asmall, self-sufficient community of religion
monks spent their time in prayer and the illumination of
manuscripts, when they weren't hunting seals or gathering

ntury, monks

birds eggs and feathers to trade with the mainland in return
for the few items they could not produce for thems
600-step staircase carved into the rock by the industrious
monks provided a precarious path to the monastery.
Until their abandonment of the island sometime
before the 13th century, 13 monks always inhabited the
ne popu-
lar with pilgrims, who would brave the sometimes stormy

monastery. After their departure, the island bec

Chapzer Three: Geography 69


crossing to climb the stairs and visit the ruins, occasionally
continuing on to the top of the island to pay their respects
at the Needle's Eye, a standing stone on its crest.
Thesmallerisland, Little Skellig, haslongservedasthe home
foranastonishing variety of birds. Manyneston the cliffsof Skellig
Michael. Since 1987, both Skelligs have become bird sanctuar-
ies, off limits to tourists and pilgrims alike, although boat tours
around the island are sometimes available from local fishermen.

Cascle of the CDerfolk

arp ibetoce tt eiclene ie Green Sell once
Tigusel a oprie be louie to eveefolie woh Grelled nities
waters off the coast of Ireland. Here, in lonely splendor, the
fae of the waters would host their landbound faerie cousins.
By thearrival of the first monks, however, the merfolk had
departed for other regions, some say to Arcadia, while others
claim that they retreated beneath the island where they dwell
in an underwater domain inaccessible to the world above.

The clurichaun claim that there is yet another island,
Caer Skellig, which exists beyond the visible Skelligs.
Hidden from mortal view by strong enchantments, this
faerie isleservesasashelterforasmall groupofold fae trapped
Frcs wordline closing cf vie euewaps we Arearien
Another tale holds that the third Skellig operates as a base
for a group of Kithain pirates who raid the mainland's
freeholds for faerie treasures and dross. Neither rumor is
confirmed, although a few selkies who make their homes
oe far Fron the Skellignthavelocemirelly etpkoxed the
nearby ocean waters for signs of the isle's existence.

Tralee

North of the Dingle Peninsula, the town of Tralee, with
a population of 16,500, is the capital of County Kerry. Twice
torched by its garrison before finally surrendering to the
English in 1691, Tralee contains only buildings constructed
after the 17th century. Once a harbor city, modern Tralee
now serves the surrounding area as a market town and center
for tourists on their way to the Dingle and Iveragh Peninsulas.
Once a year, the city hosts the Rose of Tralee International
Festival, an all-Ireland beauty pageant commemorating Wil-
liam Mulchinock's sentimental poem. The world-renowned
Siamsa Tire folk theatre summers in Tralee in between its
tours promoting the best of Irish traditional culture. The
Steam Railway, a train that runs along a narrow-gauge track
between Tralee and the Blennerville Windmill, provides a
scenic route to the largest working windmill in the country.

Five miles northwest of Tralee, the cathedral of
Ardfert stands amid the ruins of earlier religious structures,
including the remains of a monastery founded by St.
Brendan the Navigator in the sixth century.

70 Immorcal Cyes: Court of all Kings

The Rose of Tralee

Rosemaire, the freehold of Lady Rowena, lies just
outside Tralee near Ardfert. A modest looking, two-
story framework house showing signs of gentle decay,
it conceals a chimeric manor house complete with
festive gardens. Here, Lady Rowena exercises her
duties as Queen Nuala's agent over the Kithain of
Kerry. Despite her aloof demeanor, the Fiona noble
holds open court in her freehold twice a month and
judiciously hears complaints and decides issues brought
to her by her subjects. Occasionally she also plays
hostess to King Fiachra of Connaught, who delights in
visiting Tralee for a chance to ride the Steam Railway.

Kitlarney

The town of Killarney sits at the mainland edge of the
Iveragh Peninsula, at the head of the Ring of Kerry. A popular
tourist venue noted for its pony-drawn tourist cars and other
picturesque relics of bygone times, Killarney is also the base
forexploring the nearby Killarney National Park. Within the
park are the three connected lakes that make up the cel-
ebrated "Lakes of Killarney
around the waters of the lakes

Ancient forests still survive
; stands of yew, holly, birch and
hazel provide shelter for smaller plants and shrubs such as the
strawberry tree, tree-fern, thorn-apple and bamboo of various
kinds. Despite its frequent visitation by tourists and sightseers
(andtheattendantproblemsthataccompany careless trompers
through wild places), many parts of the lakesides and the
surrounding park remain relatively uncluttered.

Councy Clare

If it's music you want, then go to Clare.

— Christy Moore, "Lisdoonvarna"

Sandwiched between Counties Galway and Kerry,County
Clare boasts some of Ireland's loveliest natural scenery as well as
some of its best music. The western part of the county, along the
rocky coast, contains spectacularly dramatic landmarks, while
the remainder of the land holds a quieter attraction, with a
number of historic sites and one Bronze Age re-creation center.

Ennis

The capital of County Clare, the town of Ennis once
housed the kings of Thomond, the O'Brien clan whose
roots in the area date from the 13th century. Noted for its
many folk festivals and "singing pubs," Ennis also houses
the ruins of the Ennis Friary, founded by the O'Briens in
the 14th century. Statues of Daniel O'Connell and Eamon.
De Valera commemorate more recent history.


Ooolin

The tiny village of Doolin, on the coast of Clare, offers a
ferry service to the Aran Islands from March through October.
In addition, Doolin has developed a reputation as a gathering
place for the best traditional musicians in Ireland, with a trio of
pubs that provide venues for e

from all over the country. Man‘
Doolin to study music from the best of the best.

TheDud of Diency

There is a fourth pub in Doolin, although it is less
crowded by visitors, noted for its music and merrymaking.
Run by an elderly clurichaun fiddler named Jock O'Ryan,
the Pub of Plenty is actually a freehold sponsored by Lady
Rowena in the interest of preserving local music. The
enchantmentsthatsurround the freehold preventthesounds
of its music from straying much beyond its doorway (which
advertises a perpetually booked bed-and-breakfast), and
though many Kithain venture forth from it to visit the other
pubs, few mortalsare invited to reciprocate. The rare human
musician who finds herself tapped by an attractive piper or
harpist and drawn to the environs of the Pub of Plenty foran
evening of musical splendor takes away only the haunting
memory ofa faintly remembered tuneandafeelingofhaving
been transported to another place and a far older time.

ing performances by groups
young musicians summer in

Ch fs of COoher

Risingmorethan650feetandstretchingforfivemilesalong
thewestem tipofClare, south of Galway Bay, the Cliffsof Moher
thrust straight upward from the gale-ridden Atlantic to form a

massive wall of sheer stone made of alternating layers of sand-
stone, flagstone and black shale. All along the cliff face, sea birds
make theirnestsalongthe rock ledges that mark the layered rock.
Breathtaking in their stark beauty, they are probably one of the
most photographed sights in Ireland. At their highest point
stands O'Brien's Tower, built in the 1800s as a lookout point for
Victorian tourists. Near the tower, a car park providesa place for
visitors to leave their vehicles to view the scenery around (and
far, far below) them. Musicians and other performers gather in
the car park for spontaneous performances.

The Burren

One of Ireland's most curious natural phenomena, the
flat expanse of bare, broken limestone rock that forms the
Burren in northwest Clare only appears barren to casual
viewers. The cracke:
ishing variety of plant and animal life, which mixes alpine
and Mediterranean spe
25 species of butterflies, many birds, wild goats, hares, badgers
and other small mammals also inhabit the pasture lands and

|, stony ground actually hosts an aston-

in a unique environment. Over

Chapzer Three: Geography


turloughs (shallow seasonal lakes) in and around the Burren.
Still, to the uneducated eye (and most tourists), the area
appears deserted.

Lisdoonvarna

The seaside resort and spa village of Lisdoonvama dates
only from the Victorian era and enjoys a spotty reputation
among tourists as either a center for cultural festivities or a

ap. In either case, its main attraction

aking Festival, where Irish bachelors

come to find suitable w ind vice versa). Nonetheless, a
lovely song known as "The Road to Lisdoonvarna" is in just
about every traditional Irish musician's repertoire, so ithas to

have something going for it.

Limerick

Situated on the River Shannon, Ireland's third larg-
est city (population 80,000), has its origin, along with
many other Irish towns, in the Viking settlement of the
area. Prosperity under the Normans gave way to depriva-
tion under British rule, and Limerick became a center of
rebellion against Cromwellian forces. As one of the last
Jacobite strongholds, Limerick suffered greatly when it
finally surrendered. The Treaty of Limerick, which de-
tailed the city's capitulation, ed only a fe
before the English victors began instituting harsh restric-

months

tions upon their conquered subjects. Into the 20th century,
the city boasted a tradition of nationalism and rebellion,
trike in April 1914 to
protest British martial law. Modern Limerick shows signs

culminating in a general work

of industrial and commercial revitalization, a boon to a
city known for itshigh unemploymentand rampant crime.

Three distinct areas encapsulate the city's history.
King's Island, connected to the rest of the city by the
Thomond Bridge, forms the heart of the original walled
medieval settlement and contains King John's Castle
(nowa history museum) and St. Mary's Cathedral, a 12th
century structure altered by later additions that give its
When
me under English control, natives — barred

Gothic architecture a distinctly Romanesque twis
the city
from the city's center — developed their own commu-
nity outside the walls. Known as Irish Town, this
collection of small shops and houses includes a few more
elegant structures dating from the Georgian period, in-
cluding the Customs House (now an art gallery) and St.
John's Cathedral, which has the tallest spire of any
church in Ireland. The third section, Newtown Pery,
centers on O'Connell Street and includes many Geor-
gian houses with brightly painted doors, formerly the
homes of Limerick's gentry class.

Immorcal Eyes: Courc of all Kings

Chimeric Limerick

Centuries of religious persecution and economic dep-
tivation have made Limerick a center for local Unseelie
activities. In addition toa small group of Kithain working to
undermine Queen Nuala's rule, the city houses several
motleys which seem to have no greater purpose beyond
causingtroubleandbeing generally rowdy. Much ofthecity's
Glamour stems from the repressed anger which collects ina
town famous for its broken treaties and shattered dreams.

Rock of Cashel:

Cueen Nuala' [reehold

Rising 200 feet above the plains of County Tipperary,
the steep, craggy hill known as the Rock of Cashel served
asboth thesite from which the kings of Munster ruled and
as a religious landmark, commemorating the spot upon
which St. Patrick baptized King Aengusin AD450.In977,
the legendary Brian Boru was crowned King of Munster
atop the Rock, and itremained theseatof Munster'sroyalty
until 1101, when it was given over to the Church.

Atop the summit of the Rock stands a complex of
buildings including the 13th century ruins of Cashel
Cathedral, Cormac's Chapel (built in the 12th century)
and St. Patrick's Cross (a modern copy of the original).

Inside the rock, accessible through a hidden doorway
near the base of the hill, is Cashelmore, the freehold of Queen
Nuala of Munster and the center of the region's Seelie Court.
Apprised by her late sister Morgania of the existence of an
ancient faerie stronghold within the stone, Nuala devoted
thefirstfew yearsafter herarrival in Hibemiatoreawakening
the enchanted site and reconstructing its glittering palace
from the chimeric ruins left behind by its original owners.

Surrounding the palace is a glade of perpetual twi-
light, complete with chimeric skies of dusky rose and gray
in which glimmer a few evening stars. The lush grounds.
around Nuala's palace of shining spires and graceful
towers feature a riotous array of night-blooming flowers.

Aside from the rooms set apart for official receptions
and audiences, the remainder of the rooms inside the
palace reflect Nuala'skeen interest in the pursuitofmagical
knowledge. She owns a vast library of real and chimeric
books and manuscripts, including a handwritten collec-
tion of Yeats' unpublished early poetry (a gift from King
Fiachra of Connaught). She also has several fine historic
artifacts, gifts from her nobles and other admirers.

Commoner Kithain are allowed inside only on
designated court days and on formal occasions. Nuala
does not feel easy in their company, blaming them for the
death of her sister during the Accordance War (despite
the fact that few Irish commoners had any involyement
in that Concordian struggle for sidhe dominance).


(acerford

The capital of County Waterford serves as the major
seaport for Ireland's southeastern coast. Known for its famous
crystalware, the city of Waterford also contains several relics
ofits pastas Vikingsettlement. Reginald's Tower, the newly
restored 11th century Norman keep built atop the original
Viking tower, houses a civic museum. A series of Viking
arches, called sallyports, once provided pass:
ships that trafficked along the river. Other medieval sites
include the 13th century ruins of Blackfriars, a Dominican
structure, and Greyfriars, a similar Franciscan abbey late!
taken over by Huguenot refugees. Other buildings in the city
date from the Georgian and Victorian eras.

Modern Waterford, like many cities in the Republic,
suffers from a high unemployment rate. The Waterford
Crystal Factory, reopened in 1947 after a hiatus of nearly
a century, provides some jobs, and the city continues to
function as a busy seaport.

acerford Cryscal -accory:

Boon for che Boggans

Founded by the Penrose brothers in 1783, the
original Waterford glassworks factory enjoyed a
reputation for fine crystal until taxes forced its
closing in 1851. Reopened in 1947, with master
crafters imported from Europe to train local arti-
sans, the new Waterford Crystal Factory has revived
the distinct cut-crystal technique that makes
Waterford crystal unlike any other in the world.

Located below the factory's showroom gallery
isasmall freehold inhabited by a motley of boggans
who derive Glamour from the creative processes
involved in the making of the crystal. The group's
leader is herself a master glass blower, while sev-
eral of the younger members work as apprentices.
in the factory.

Cscer

The counties of Donegal, Monaghan and Cavan, to-
gether with the six counties which comprise Northem Ireland
— Armagh, Down, Antrim, Derry, Tyroneand Fermanagh—
make up the ancient province of Ulster. Occupying the
northeastern corner of Ireland, these lands constitute some
of the most heavily industrialized parts of the island as well
as some of its most picturesque and striking landscapes.

Oonegal

For a town with a population of less than 2,500,
Donegal has an impressive history, beginning with its
name — Din na nGall or "fortress of foreigners."
Founded asa Viking garrison town, Donegal later came
under the control of the O'Donnell clan. Hugh
O'Donnell destroyed his castle before joining other
Irish nobles in their exile during the "Flight of the
Earls." In the 1600s, the English "planted" Donegal
with loyal Protestant settlers.

In the town square stands an obelisk honoring the
Four Masters, a group of Franciscan friars who wrote the
Annals of the Four Masters, an illuminated manuscript
detailing Celtic history from just before the Flood to
their own time. The ruins of Donegal Abbey where the
Four Masters lived (and presumably illuminated) lies
along the banks of the River Eske.

Just outside the town, the Donegal Craft Village
contains a collection of shops that display the work of
local crafters.

Glenveagh Nacional
Dark andthe
Oerryveagh
CDouncains

The Derryveagh Mountains rise in the center of
Donegal County. Part of the same seismic convulsions
that gave birth to the Caledonian ranges in Scotland
and the Appalachians in North America, these granite
and quartzite upthrusts of stone rise above a landscape
of gentle hills, valleys, lakes and marshes. Twin-peaked
Errigal Mountain, the highest of the Derryveagh range
at 2466 feet, dominates the surrounding lands.

Part of the Derryveagh mountain range lies within
the grounds of Glenveagh National Park, a three-mile
preserve centered on Glenveagh Castle, a fanciful Vic-
torian recreation of a medieval castle, perched on the
shore of Lough Veagh. Beyond the castle, the parklands
include formal gardens, thick woodlands, steep cliffs
and a marshy valley called the Poisoned Glen (from a
poisonous plant that once proliferated there). Ireland's
largest population of red deer dwells within the
parklands.


The Lorest of the Fidden King

A forestof oaks within the National Park conceals
the freehold of an ancient faerie king. The Glamour
that protects the glade of this not-quite Lost One
radiatessuch a powerful enchantment that only Kithain
can penetrate the circuitous paths that lead from the
mortal forest to the king's glade.

Kithain led by theirdreamstotheking'sfreeholdfind
themselves passing through a forest that alters around
them with every step. The oak trees become intermixed
with birch, yew, holly, ash, rowan and other sacred trees.
Asthenature of the forestchanges, so does the appearance
ofthe trees. Their leaves, bark and fruit seem molded from
the finest silver, copper and gold or take on crystalline
forms of diamonds and other precious gems. Many
strange chimera wander through the forest, sometimes
actingas guides to Kithain summoned by the king, often
acting as protectors warding off unwanted visitors.

Unfortunately, the Banality-infused mortal bod-
ies of changelings can only go so far before becoming a
threat to the safety of the Hidden King. Even the
trusted circle of sidhe nobles knownas the Riders of the
Silver Court dare go no farther than the clearing
known as the Dreamers' Glen. This enchanted spot,
with its covering of wildflowers and its protective circle
of massive oak trees, serves as a meeting ground for the
kingand his subjects, who come there tosleep and gain
an audience with their liege through their dreams.

The actual heart of the freehold, the King's Glen,
contains the castle of King Meilseoir as well asacircle
of standing stones that surround the king's balefire.
Within the center of the stone ring lies an ancient
trod under the king's control. This trod reputedly
leads to many of Hibernia's most important freeholds
(some no longer in existence or else inactive), includ-
ing the fabled Isle of Dreams. The trod is unusable by
anyone unless in the company of the king or of
someone possessed of sufficient Glamour and
Gremayre to learn the means of its navigation.

Sheve League

Slieve League, Europe's tallest cliffs, forms a massive rock
wall along Donegal's coast. A few places along the waterline
provide access to the shore by boat, but in general, the cliffs
present a vertical barrier to the waves that crash headlong
against its unyielding stone. The light of the setting sun strikes
directly onto the cliffs, awakening colors hidden within the
rock — warm ochre, red, brown, amber and in some places,
cobalt, verdigris, yellow and green. This rainbow ofhuescomes

Immorcal Cyes: Court of all Kings

a

from the varied rocks that make up the structure of the cliffs,
including quartzites, slates, mineral ores and schists.

Formidable winds play across the top of Slieve League,
making it a risky (though rewarding) spot for viewing the
panoramic scenery outward to the horizon and downward,
to the ocean nearly 2,000 feet below. A number of sea birds
swoop and dive around the cliffs, and at times the airis filled
with gulls, jackdaws and choughs:

Tory Island

Located off the northwest coast of Donegal, Tory Island is
the home ofadedicated community of Gaelicspeakers who have
theirownking (anelected position) and whosteadfastly treasure
theirrelative independence from the restofthe world. A thriving
school of primitive artists, founded in 1968 by local painterJames
Dixon, figured prominently in theisland's resistance toagovern-
ment campaign to remove the residents to the mainland.

It is not always possible, due to the frequently bad
weather that stirs up the waters, to make the passage from
Meenlaragh across Tory Sound to the island, which is, itself,
barrenand windswept, barely supportingitssmall population.
In addition to the pair of towns (East Town and West Town)
that house most of the island's inhabitants, Tory Island also
contains a number of old sites, including the ruins of St.
Columbkille's monastery with its primitive Tau Cross. Visi-
torsplanningonan overnightstay should bringasleeping bag
and hope for floor space in the island's one hostel or hotel.

pace 3 Lorc:
me of che Shadow Court
On the easter edge of Tory Island, a rock promontory
fortcalled Balor's Tower marks the legendary home of Balor
of the Evil Eye. Since the retum of the sidhe, this site has
become the freehold of Doireannara, fieldcommander ofthe
army of the Shadow Court. Here this sidhe terrorist trains
what she hopes will be a host of Kithain who will "liberate"
Hibemia from the autocratic rule of its Seelie monarchs.
Theperilousseasthatsometimesisolate Tory Islandfrom
the mainland suit the Shadow Courts purposes, since they
discourage all but the hardiest and most determined visitors
and afford them the privacy so necessary for their secret work.
Nearthecenteroftheisland, within themonasteryruins,
lies a group of stones called "wishing stones" (or, alterna-
tively, "cursingstones"). Reputed tohave the power to cause
destruction to enemies, the stones were last used in 1884 to
prevent the British gunboat Wasp from collecting taxes.
Only six crew members survived the sinking of the boat.
So far, the Shadow Court has not discovered the
means of evoking the magic of the stones, which may,
in fact, have drained away in the intervening century.


meal

Glencolumbdhille

The tiny village of Glencolumbkille (pop. 260), only a
few miles from the northern end of Slieve League, lies along
the rocky harbor of Glen Bay. The surrounding countryside
contains more than 40 ancient sites, many of them associ-
ated with St. Columba. Atop a cliff overlooking the village,

contains stone formations which
supposedly serve ntas bed and chair. On the
saint's feast day, groups of barefoot pilgrims make a 2-mile
circuit, referred to as An Turas ("the journey"), of 15
medieval crc nown as the Stations of the Cross.

Just outside the town, the Folk Village serves asa living
museum depicting traditional Irish lifestyles and crafts.

Glenlea: a Laerie Thorpe

Not far from Glencolumbkille, though it won't
be found on any map, lies the faerie thorpe of Glenlea,
asmall enchanted village inhabited entirely by Kithain
and @ few enchanted mortals lucky (or unlucky)
enough to fall in with one of the villagers and receive
an invitation to "leave the cares of the world behind."

The town itself consists of a main street lined with
shopsand thatched houses with a few side lanes leading
to other dwellings. It includes a smithy run by a troll
smith named Hogan, a bake-shop presided over by the
elderly boggan Mother Cobbins, and other centers for
local Kithain artisans and artists. Although not perma-
nent residents, members of nearby selkie freeholds
sometimes come inland as far as Glenlea to enjoy the
company of their landbound cousins. Although the
town appears only as a collection of dilapidated, aban-
doned huts, its reputation among Hibernia's Kithain
(particularly the commoners) makes it possible for
changelings who know what to look for to locate the
turn in the road that leads to Glenlea.

The thorpe's prime watering hole, the FlowingCup,
is a center for nighttime merrymaking. Many of the
residents are proficient musicians and supply an endless
round of jigs and reels for dancing and ballads for sing-
alongs. The bartender brews his own faerie mead, a
heady concoction also known as "Clurichaun's Bane."

O the bricks they will bleed and the rain it will weep,
And the damp Lagan fog lull the city to sleep;
It's to hell with the future and live on the past:
May the Lord in His mercy be kind to Belfast
—Maurice James Craig, Ballad to.a Traditional Refrain


Located on the northeastern coast of Ireland, the city
of Belfast, capital of Northern Ireland, occupies a stretch
of low land near the mouth of the River Lagan, which runs
through the city ona north-south axis. With a population
of 305,000 people, it is Ireland's second largest city (Dublin
is larger) and its biggest industrial center. Unlike so many
other Irish cities, Belfast is relatively young, coming into
existence as a busy port town in the 18th century and
achieving the official status of "city" only in 188

The name Belfast comes from "Béal Feirste," which
means "the mouth of the sandy ford," and aptly describes the
geography of the region. The land the city now occupies
once formed part of the holdings of the O'Neill clan, whose
fort was destroyed in the 12th century. John de Courcy, a
Norman knight, built a castle to replace the fort anda town
grew up around it. Later, the area became the property of an
English nobleman, Sir Arthur Chichester, whose son be-
came the Earl of Donegal. In 1613, the town of Belfast
received a charter from James I. Belfast became a haven in
the 17th century for groups of Huguenots, who brought with
them their linen-making skills.

Massive debts forced the second earl to place his properties
on the market. A number of speculators bought the land along
the banks of the Lagan, hired a trio of noted architects to design

Immorcal Cyes: Court of all Kings

the city, and before long, a prosperous community hospitable
to the growing linen and shipbuilding industries arose.
During the Irish Civil War, Belfast, with its close ties
to England, became the center for resistance to Irish inde-
pendence. With the treaty that created two countries out of
the island of Ireland, Belfast emerged as the undisputed
capital of Northern Ireland. Its most famous role in history,
however, has occurred during the last half of the 20th
century, as the focus for the violent outbursts of Republican
activity and Unionist backlash collectively (and with typi-
cal Irish understatement) known as "the Troubles."
Physically, Belfast is a city of contrasts. Impressive,
castlelike structures such as the Renaissance style City
Hall, the neo-Romanesque St. Anne's Cathedral, the late
Victorian Grand Opera House and the Tudor-style main
building of Queen's University exist alongside modern
office buildings, cramped row-houses, areas of small shops
and pubs, and dingy slums — industrialization's bane.
West Belfast contains two of the city's most politically
entrenched communities: the Protestant Shankhill Road, and
the Catholic Falls Road. Both neighborhoods are made up
largely of working class families, both are deeply committed to
theirrespective politics, and both are most keenly affected by the
tise and fall of Belfast's economic prosperity (or lack thereof).


a massive building constructed in an Anglo-Palladian style
that exudes authority and control. Designed to house the
Northern Ireland Parliament, Stormont remained the sym-
bol of British rule until the Parliament was disbanded in
1972 in favor of the imposition of direct rule. Today, the
building holds a number of government offices.

The Ulster Museum, near the Botanic Gardens and
Queen's University, displays a wealth of treasures recov-
ered from the Girona, one of the ships of the Spanish
Armada which foundered and sank near the Giant's Cause:
way. Additionally, the museum holds many fine artifacts
detailing the history, archaeology and culture of Ulster.

Perhaps the most distinctive landmarks in Belfast are
the twin cranes dubbed Samson and Goliath, the symbols
of the He
ocean-going ships, most notably, the Titanic.

Chimeric Belfasc: The Brick
Glade and Ocher -reeholds

The Kithain of Belfast move in and out of their
dreams with unsettling frequency, due to the some-
times overwhelming sense of futility caused by the
Troubles and the often depressed economic condi-
tions of the city. Many Belfast changelings did not
awaken to their faerie natures until recently, when
the c fire brought with it the hope for lasting
peace between the two warring factions within the
city. Thus, Kithain who might have undergone their
Chrysalis as childlings became wilders, while would-
be wilders experienced a delayed transformation,
emerging as grumps near the autumn of their lives as
children of the Dreaming.

King Finn of Ulster has handed out a number of
freeholds within the city to various nobles loyal to
him, but there is one Kithain sanctuary that remains
asecret to all but a few of the city's changelings. This
is the abandoned building known as the Brick Glade,
the residence of Lord Galway and a haven for those
who oppose the policies of Duke Lorenzo.

This derelict building located in one of the city's
working class sections consists of a hollow shell with
grass growing on the floor and bushes springing up
inside the walls. Once a Garou caer, the Brick Glade
has since passed into the hands of the Kithain of the
city, although few of them know the reason for this
transference of power. It is in many ways more like a
glade than a freehold, since its power comes from a
balefire as well as from a sacred stone containing an
Umbral spirit bound there by its original owners. The
basement of the building is the heart of the glade, and

d and Wolf shipyards, builders of great

it is here that Lord Galway lives, protecting the site
and receiving its protection in return. Its chimeric
appearance is that of a huge oak tree, entered only by
adoorin its side. Only those who already know about
it can find it with any regularity.

The freehold of Duke Lorenzo, a grand manorhouse
built on an estate on the outskirts of Belfast, typifies the
grandiose ambitions of its lord. Chimerically ostenta-
tious, it both attracts and repels those who visit it.
Needless to say, the manor house has changed drastically
since the ousting of Duke Kestry, its former occupant.

Other freeholds in Belfast attest to the variety of
the city's Kithain population. An abandoned toy store
in West Belfast belongs to the Belfast Runners, agroup.
of the city's childlings, many of them street urchins,
who occupy themselves by carrying messages from one
freehold to another, ignoring the invisible boundaries
of religion and politics. The Storyteller's Circle, which.
includes several eshu, a pooka and a clurichaun, occu-
pies a building near the Linen Hall Library and makes
frequent use of the library's collection of rare books.
The Midnight Crawlers, a motley consisting of a neo-
punk sidhe wilder musician and her entourage of
Kithain groupies, makes their home ina small, out-of-
the-way pub called Splendour Falls Road, where they
serve as house band for the freehold and attract many
of the city's younger Kithain.

The rule for Ulster freeholds is that they are a
reflection of the people who live there. Thus, they
involve warmth and safety against the long Winter
nights. Alcohol and fighting also feature strongly in a
town where violence and long periods of idleness are
frequent intruders upon the fading dreams of its inhabitants.

Giancs Causeway

County Antrim's north coast holds one of the world's

way. Formed from the interaction of volcanic bz
limestone, the 37,000 orso rectangular, circular and polygonic
pillars of stone thrusting up from the sea provide proof of just
how eerie and unearthly parts of Ireland really are.
Naturally, the Causeway now belongs to the National
Trust, which both preserves and controls access to it,
posting signs along designated walks intended to guide
tourists by the most prominent rock formations, which
include the Wishing Chair, Lady's Fan, Giant's Organ,
Giant's Cannon and Chimney Point, among others. De-
spite the potential hazards posed by the sometimesslippery
rock, visitors delight in scrambling, stepping or leaping
across the irregular surface of the columns, some of them
barely big enough to stand on.

71


finn' Road

Legends associate the Causeway with Finn
MacCool, who is said to have created it as either a
means of crossing to the home of his lover, a Scottish
giantess, or of creating a bridge to reach his enemy, the
Scottish giant Fingal. A third (and most typical of
Irish humor) story maintains that Finn built the
Causeway to get to Scotland for a drink.

Whatever the truth of the matter, the Causeway
still holds a repository of Glamour, although it is
sometimes difficult to sense and, when it is, it feels
somehow tainted, as if poisoned by the Troubles that
have so long beset the nearby lands. Some Kithain,
even those with keen faerie sight, are unable to detect
even the faintest traces of the fickle magic that sur-
rounds them. The Wishing Chair, a formation of
rocks on the Causeway that resemble a small seat, is
believed to have the power to grant wishes.

The Causeway is the origin and terminus of a
great faerie trod known as "The Causeway Road,"
although passage through it is often bleak and cold.
The erratic nature of the structure's Glamour may be
due to the fact that use of the trod "ties up" the magic
of the Causeway so that it does not bleed into the
mortal world at certain times.

Whether or not the Causeway once served some
other purpose has been forgotten by both commoners
and nobles, although some of the sidhe maintain that
itused to be a gathering place used as a dancing ground
by theancient Seelie Court and for darker purposes by
their Unseelie counterparts. It is possible that King
Meilseior or Queen Merala remember the Causeway's
true function, but it is just as likely that the long
centuries of forgetfulness have erased those memories
from their minds.

Navan [orc

Navan Fort, a large, circular megalithic structure atop a

hill west of the city of Armagh, was once the coronation site of
the ancient kings of Ulster as well as the headquarters for the
Red Branch Knights, of whom Cuchulainn was the most
famous. Its physical appearance consists of a large, grass-
covered mound protected byan earth rampartandasurrounding
ditch. The remains of what might have been a sizeable, round
wooden structure show evidence of ritual destruction by fire.

Although the site has been excavated and attracts
tourists, many of them are content to visit the nearby
interpretive center in lieu of a direct experience. Thus,
some of its original Glamour remains untapped.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Eman CDacha: Seat of the
ings of Ulscer

Legends refer to Navan Fort as Emain Macha
("Macha's twins") and associate it with the dying
curse of the fleet-footed wife of Cruinnuig. This
powerful landowner once boasted that his wife
Macha could outrun the fastest horse of Ulster's
King Connor. Despite Macha's pregnancy,
Cruinnig forced her to make good his challenge.
She won, but the exertion brought about an early
labor. Near death, she gave birth to twins, uttering
a curse against all the men of Ulster so that they
would undergo the pangs of childbirth whenever
threatened in battle. Those too young to fight and
foreign soldiers, such as Cuchulainn, were exempt
from the curse.

Upon his assumption of the kingship of Ulster,
Finn of House Fiona claimed Navan Fort as his
freehold and the site of the Ulster court. Deep
within the mound, he has constructed a chimeric
reflection of his profoundly disturbed nature. Al-
though his palace is beautiful, its odd geometry and
the dark, rich colors of its interior induce a moodi-
ness redolent with the weight of history and legend,
full of latent violence and deep passion. In spite of
this, however, there is a grandness attached to
Finn's palace that inspires hope in the midst of
despair.

Oerry

The walled city of Derry (or Londonderry) lies
along the banks of the River Foyle. The prolific St.
Columba founded a monastery in the sixth century by
the river near an oak grove (or doire). This became the
foundation of the city. In a familiar pattern, the Vikings
arrived and later the English. When James | instituted
the plantation of Ulster, he encouraged the craft guilds
of London to set up shop in the city of Derry, at which
time it acquired the name Londonderry. During the
time of Cromwell's war against the Catholic troops
loyal to James Il, the city of Londonderry found itself
under siege. Only the courage of a group of apprentice
boys, who closed the gates of the city, kept Londonderry
from falling to the Royalists.
lated during the
late 1960s, Derry became a center for the civil rights
movement and suffered its share of violence between

During the Troubles which

Protestants and Catholics. The Catholic area known as


the Bogside, located outside the walls of the city, soon
became known as "Free Derry" and was a hostile envi-
ronment for British soldiers sent to quell the growing
disturbances. The bitterness engendered by the deaths
that marked January 30, 1972 as Bloody Sunday still
he memories of many of the city's inbabitants,

estant and Catholic alike.

Today, Derry is a divided city in many ways. Since
the Troubles, most of the Protestant population has
relocated along the east bank of the city, leaving the
west bank and much of the city center to its now-
Catholic majority. Derry is experiencing a resurgence
of prosperity and vitality, but many Protestants have

"out of the loop" in the process

taken themselves

Within the 17th century walls surrounding the old
city lie St. Columb's Cathedral (the first Catholic
church built after the Plantation) the Victorian style
Guildhall, O'Doherty's Tower (the home of the Tower
Museum) and the Craft Village, a recent addition to the
city as part of an urban revival plan. The walls, them-
selves, are perhaps the prime attraction for visitors,
since their relatively intact nature makes them the best
example of city fortifications of their period.

Chimeric Oerry: Up Against
che all

From her splendid mansion outside the city,
Geraldine Quigley, the Duchess of Derry, rules
over the local Kithain. Despite her loyalty to
King Finn, she is preoccupied with the peculiar
problems of her city and works assiduously to
bring together Kithain representatives of both
factions of the population. This is not an easy
task, for Derry's changelings are notorious for
their stubbornness and loyalty to whatever cause
they espouse.

Among the motleys within the confines of
Derry are the Apprentices, a mixed group of
boggan and nocker crafters who have a small
freehold near the Craft Village, and the Bogside
Militia, an even odder collection of redcaps and
trolls who have banded together to "keep the
peace" — according to their definition of the
term. Their freehold lies in an abandoned house
in the Bogside.


A Guide to
Pidermas
Archaeological
Scructures

Boulder Tombs are small capstones
set low to the ground on upright supports.

Cairns consist of stones piled on top of
one another to form a heap, usually an
above-ground means of burial.

Cliff Forts are nothing more than par-
tial ring forts (see below) set on top of a cliff
edge, which forms part of its defense —
presumably the major part.

Clochansare the beehive hutsso popu-
lar with early Christian hermits.

Court Tombs are structures made up
of a flat-roofed gallery with a courtyard or
part of a courtyard in front.

Crannogsare artificial islands thatserve
as the base for a dwelling.

Dolmens are stone tables. They are
also known as portal tombs (see below).

Hill Forts are defensive structures usu-
ally built to encircle the top of a hill.

Megalithic Tombs consist of a com-
plex of roofless courts associated with a
covered gallery (see court tombs, above).
They often have several chambers and
nearby dolmens.

Mounds are simply what archaeolo-
gists call hills, some of which are natural

and some of which are constructed.

Ogham Stones are standing pillars of
rock inscribed with the characteristic marks
of early Irish writing, called ogham.

Passage Tombs are underground cor-
ridors usually leading into a larger, central
chamber. Most of these are located within
mounds (see above).

Pillarstones are single standing stones.
These are sometimes found as part of one of
the other structures listed here. As often as
not, however, they simply stand like stone
fingers pointing at something in the sky.


e The pillarstones that have writing on them by other protections (likewise circular) such as
are called ogham stones (see above). ramparts, banks, ditches or moats.

Portal Tombs are made from at least Souterrains are artificial caves carved into hill-
three (usually more) upright stones capped by sides or rock faces.
a horizontal piece of larger rock. Standing Stones are pillarstones Most of
Promontory Forts are defensive struc- them have a purpose, though what it is is often
tures built across a peninsula or part of a lost to history or folklore. They sometimes occur
mountain. They are not to be confused with in groups.
hill or cliff forts. Stone Circles are, not surprisingly, standing
Ratha are earthen worlcring fore (see below). cones dinnionmeinnctodorienrcuehly credits
Ring Forts are defensive structures built shape. Sometimes they surround something (often
in the form of a circle, sometimes surrounded another stone).



The Lour Courcs

When the five noble houses returned to Earth, four

of them agreed to split Hibernia into its traditional
provinces and each take one region as their due. House
Liam was not considered worthy to rule, and House
Scathach, the sidhe who had never left, were hardly
considered sidhe. Those with claims to kingship each
made known their desired holdings, but could not agree
as to who should rule which province. Fiachra wanted
Ulster, while both Finn and Bran wanted Leinster. Nuala
just wanted the largest portion. Finally, failing to reach
any accord, they placed the names of the provinces in a
large jar and drew out names simultaneously. The name
of the province that each drew became that ruler's
domain. Thus Fiachra got Connaught, Finn drew Ulster,
Bran was awarded Leinster, and Nuala received Munster.

These four are known as the Great Kings of Hibernia.
Under them there are dozens of lesser kings and petty nobles.
Except in Ulster (where people are content to be called by theii
actual titles), the nobles' unyielding pride results in their insis-
tence on being called "kings," though in reality they are actually
dukes, counts, baronsand knights. Theyare listed hereaccording
to the actual rank they would have if they lived in Concordia,
though the wise visitor should address even the lowliest knight
as "Your Majesty" in her freehold, just to be on the safe side.

Not every duke, duchess, count or knight can be
detailed here. There are just too many to cover since they
stretch across the whole of Ireland. Therefore, only the
Great Kings, particularly important figures of their courts
or Kithain of special interest are described in this chapter
and the following one (detailing commoners).

Chapzer Four: Nodles


The Connaught Court

King Fiachra of Connaught
(Fergus OReilly)

When the sidhe returned to earth in 1969, they had
to inhabit adult human bodies in order to survive the
onslaught of Banality. While most sidhe chose attractive
hosts, Fiachra decided to inhabit a body whose mind was
gone and whose body was far from perfect. Fergus O'Reilly
was a failed prize fighter whose last bout in the ring had
cost him his left eye and had left him in a permanent coma.
Had he ever awakened, he would have been a drooling
vegetable anyway. Fiachra performed the ritual of change
and became Fergus O'Reilly.

He soon learned that Fergus had all the talent neces-
sary to make it; he'd just never had the drive or the proper
training. The prize fighter's body stood him in good stead
in the battle between the sidhe and the commoners for
control of Hibernia. One-eyed Fiachra became the terror
of Kithain who thought they could take advantage of a
handicapped sidhe. Though he is fierce in battle, he is
equally quick with forgiveness, and commoners under his
rule have no cause for complaint that he is not receptive
to their suggestions or responsive to their needs. In many
ways, he is more like the commoners he rules, without the
pretensions so frequent among some of the sidhe.

After the brief war, Fiachra set about crafting a
replacement for the eye he was missing, trusting to hisown
smithcraft more than those available through the medical
profession. Constructed using Glamour, the new eye has
vision every bit as sharp as the natural one, giving him
perfect vision again — with one exception. Fiachra has
trouble with his depth perception. While he's perfectly
able to tinker and craft, and mingle without bumping into
the furniture or stepping on his guests' toes most of the
time, he cannot adequately judge road conditions and so
cannot drive. A cruel fate for someone as fascinated with
automobiles and trains as King Fiachra. He adores spend-
ing time aboard anything that moves fast; fast cars, fast
trains, even fast horses are his great loves in life. Ifhe could
figure out a way to own his own jet without causing
comment, he would.

His love of tinkering has led him to study the Art of
Legerdemain, a fact which he keeps concealed from all but
close friends. Fiachra has great knowledge and skill and is
quite a powerful sorcerer, but he prefers to save his Glam-
our and solves most problems through intelligence and
hard work. Because of this and his less than grandiose
appearance, many people tend to underestimate him.
Their mistake.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

When Hiberia was split into its four traditional
provinces, Fiachra hoped he would get to rule Ulster
because of its concentration of industry. He felt that he
would be best suited to understand the province and to
deal with the Troubles there. He was very disappointed
when he instead received Connaught, but wasn't about to
let the others know. Being sent to a backwater where the
roads are often potholed, blocked by sheep and sometimes
all but nonexistent, he did the only thing he could: he
began patronizing car rallies and narrow gauge trains. He
is concerned that some of the new industries, which he
promoted, are beginning to radically alter the countryside,
spoiling what was a severe, wild beauty. The proliferation
of bed-and-breakfasts and the recent takeover of many
ancient sites in the name of "preservation" (i.e., making it
a tourist trap) has him quite worried.

As if he didn't have enough problems on the
homefront, he has begun to hear disturbing rumors about
some of his neighbors in Ulster. Reports of blatant Ravag-
ing thathas gone unpunished have led him to begin a quiet
investigation. Though he hesitates to offend King Finn, he
truly believes that the wilder king may have need his
greater experience.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Bumpkin/Fatalist

House: Dougal

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl (Boxing) 4,
Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Instruction 3, Intimidation 3, Kenning3,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken (horses) 3, Crafts 4, Etiquette 2,
Firearms 1, Leadership 3, Mechanics 4, Melee 4, Repair 2,
Security 2, Survival 3, Temporal Sense 3

Knowledges: Computer 3, Dream Lore 2, Enigmas 2, Fi-
nance 2, Investigation 1, Law 2, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic) 1,
Medicine 2, Military Science 3, Mythlore 3, Politics 2,
Science 2

Arts: Dream Craft 1, Legerdemain 3, Primal 3, Soothsay 4,
Sovereign 4

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 4, Prop 5, Scene 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 5, Dreamers 3,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 5, Resources 3, Retinue 1, Title 6,
Treasure 4, Trod 4

Glamour: 7

Banality: 6

Willpower: 6


Treasures: Fiachra has the Kingly Treasures of
Connaught (crown, scepter and seal), which he tends to
keep locked up ina treasure room and often forgets he has.
His most cherished treasure is a computer he has infused
with Glamour that he uses to help him design new chi-
merical cars and trains, which he then "creates." Fiachra's
private gallery is filled with these chimeric repli
with the race tracks they compete on. He has access to any

s along

number of small treasures, which he awards to those who
help better the kingdom in some way. He uses only
chimeric armor and sword as he never wishes to be respon-
sible for a changeling's actual death. Against physical
threats from non-changelings, he is more than adequately
armed with his boxing skills and cantri

Image: In his mortal seeming, Fiachra has light
brown hair and intense dark brown eyes. He favors the
tweed jacket, wellingtons, flat cap and knitted sweater
look that most people think of as "typically Irish," but
which is actually western Irish workingman gear. Ap-
pearing to be about 30 years old, he is of average height,
though more muscular than some others his size might
be. Set down among other similarly dressed men, Fiachra
would be hard to pick out, but for two details. He lacks
the deeply etched facial lines that speak of a life spent
working in the open, and his nose has that particularly
bulbous and squashed look that many prize fighters seem

to acquire. Nonetheless, he has the sort of looks that are
often labeled "ruggedly attractive."

In his fae seeming, Fiachra seems several inches
taller, though he retains his muscular build. His hair
lightens, becoming more blond, and his eyes deepen into
an almost impenetrably dark brown, giving him a pierc-
ing, somewhat unsettling gaze — no mean feat when one
of his eyes isn't real. When he is forced into court attire
(which he wears out of respect for his subjects when
holding court or attending court elsewhere), he can
actually look quite handsome.

Roleplaying Hints: You've made the best of becom-
ing King of Connaught, and truth be told, the region suits
you. You have little patience with pomp and ceremony as
an everyday diet. You leave that to King Bran of Leinster.
Ofcourse, the occasional ceremony is good for everyone.
You've done your best to encourage the more mundane
aspects of life to take on a little Glamour. Car rallies,
train rides, horse racing — now those are fun! Anyone
who ever accused you of being too serious and practical
has obviously never seen you attending any of the festi-
vals in Galway. You know how to have a good time, you
ary frills.
Working dreams that are honest, straightforward and
untainted — that's the way you like it.

just don't muck it up with all sorts of unnece:

Princess Bethany

Born in 1982, Bethany came into her fae seeming as
a very young childling. Recognized as a queen-to-be of
House Gwydion, she was taken to live at King Bran's court
in Leinster. He became her guardian and accepted her as
his heir. She thus had an extended childhood — until she
began to rebel. Pos:
for mischief-making, Bethany began to slip away from

ed of a romantic heart and a talent

Bran's house and court, and proceeded to make her way
through some of the commoner hangouts in Dublin.

Disturbed by herinsistence thatshe had fallen in love with
aclurichaun (analways tipsy third-rate poet), Brandecided she
needed some country air to clear her head. He sent her to
Fiachra, saying, "If it's commoners you wish to treat with, at
least meet respectable ones, and learn how to rule them while
you're at it." She thus became Fiachra's fosterling.

Bethany likes Fiachra, but she wishes sometimes he
weren't such astick in the mud. She has managed to wrap him
around her little finger, persuading him to sponsor plays,
festivalsand musical extravaganzasalong with his overlong car
rallies, dull sheepshearing contests and obnoxious oyster festi-
vals. Her best friend livesin Galway,amuteswan pookanamed
Branwyn. Unknown to Fiachra, Bethany has kept up her
romancewith Bevan, herclurichaun poet, who!
an abandoned cottage in the vicinity. He is having a hard time
of it in the West since he speaks not one word of Irish.

Chapzer Four: Nodles 85

moved into


A

¢

P|
N

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Troubadour/Peacock

House: Gwydion

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Expression (poetry, lyrics)
4, Kenning 3, Seduction 1, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Leadership 1, Melee 2, Perfor-
mance (singing) 3, Security 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Mythlore 2, Occult
2, Politics 1

Arts: Chicanery 1, Sovereign 2

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Scene 1

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Gremayre 1, Holdings (5),
Resources 1, Title (6)

The numbers in brackets represent what her potential
holdings and title will be when she becomes queen.
Glamour: 8

Banality: 3

Willpower: 3

Treasures: None (yet)

86 Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Image: At age 14, Bethany is 5' 5" tall and weighs a
little less than average. She has very pale peaches-and-
cream complexion with a scattering of freckles over her
nose (which she takes great pains to hide, calling them
"hideous!"). Her hair is that shade of red-brown that isn't
quite either color, but flashes with red in the sunlight.
Her eyes are pale green. She favors current fashions, and
delighted in appearing in ripped jeans and tiny T-shirts
to King Bran's uncomprehending consternation. The
same tactics used with Fiachra merely caused him to
remark, "Yer fanny'll freeze right off if you go out in that
cold with that outfit on." She has learned to dress more
practically while in the West.

In her fae seeming, Bethany's hair becomes a daz-
zling flame red, and her green eyes take on a smoky hue
that speaks of future seductions. Though she is still
obviously a young girl, she manages court attire with a
poise that fosters hope in Bran's heart that she will one
day become the queen he believes she can be.

Roleplaying Hints: They just don't understand.
They speak of dreams, but have no respect for yours, as if
changelings weren't allowed to have dreams of their
own. Court, court, court. Duty, duty, duty. You need
poetry and music to live! And love... without love, you

nce ceased to be achangeling at all! Of

ume your proper place when the time

comes (who wouldn't want to be queen?), but for now,

you want to enjoy your freedom. Love and magic are for
the young; they're wasted on the oldsters.

The Leinster Courc

King Bran of Lemscer

Bran was the leader of the forces who retook the
island of Hibernia when the sidhe returned from
Arcadia. He did so by diplomacy and reason when

nd quick, decisive military operations when

He believed he deserved the kingdom of
Leinster for his pains, and was much relieved when the
draw to decide which king would rule which region
went in his favor. With fully one-third of Ireland's
population living in Dublin, Bran has no shortage of
dreamers under his rule.

He quickly established himself as a fair ruler, hand-
ing out titles to some of the commoners who had been
most instrumental in holding things together during
the Interregnum. While some accepted these, many
others refused to take what they considered to be
crumbs thrown them by the high-and-mighty sidhe.
Consequently, while Bran is well-loved by many com-
moners, he is much hated by a small but powerful group


who consider his rule to be just as abhorrent as British
rule ever was over Ireland. These vociferous commoners,
who call themselves the Winter Knights, have many
contacts (including some with the IRA) and keep Bran
from resting entirely easily in his domain. This is one of
the reasons he was so concerned by Bethany's constant
slumming. He wasn't being arrogant, but concerned that
she would encounter those who would hurt her to get at
him. Though he has no proof, he believes her erstwhile
boyfriend, a drunken clurichaun named Bevan, is se-
cretly in contact with the Winter Knights and intends to
use her against him or worse yet, corrupt her.

Bran is genuinely concerned for the well-being of
the Kithain in his kingdom. He holds court at least
twice a week to hear complaints and decide issues that
's are unable to rule upon. He
has shown great wisdom in appointing Sir Odhran of
House Liam as his archivist, and further in allowing
him to take his place among the Riders of the Silver
Court who attend the Hidden King (although Bran is
unsure exactly what it is the Riders do or who it is they
protect). Bran is keenly interested in learning all the
history that passed while the sidhe were absent in
Arcadia, and is enthralled with the changes in Irish
music since that time.

his dukes and duchess

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Courtier/Beast

House: Gwydion

Seeming: Wilder (barely)

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Intrigue 3,
Kenning 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1,

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Leadership 4,
Melee 4, Performance (harp) 4, Temporal Sense 4
Knowledges: Dream Lore 2, Enigmas 3, History 3, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 2, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic, French, Italian,
German) 4, Medicine 2, Mythlore 3, Occult 3, Politics 4
Arts: Chicanery 1, Chronos 2, Dream Craft 3, Soothsay 2,
Sovereign 5, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 5, Nature 3, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Contacts 4, Dreamers 4,
Gremayre 3, Holdings 5, Resources 4, Title 6, Treasures 5,
Trod 4

Glamour: 8

Banality: 4

Willpower: 5

OK

Treasures: Bran's treasures include the Kingly Trea-
sures of Leinster (crown, scepter and seal), the Sword of
the Fianna and the Ruby Ring of Tara. The Sword of the
Fianna is a short, broad, bronze sword of the type used
before the advent of the Iron Age. The sword has three
interesting properties: it strikes against Kithain and all
creatures of the Dreaming (including enchanted mortals)
as if it were chimeric rather than physical, doing chimeric
damage; it confers two extra dice for causing damage
(whether chimeric or real); and it can crumble small iron
objects (no larger than an average sized sword, door bar or
tire iron) into rust with a touch. Multiple touches are, of
course, possible, but take additional time. Thus, someone
armed with the sword could eventually cut his way through
an iron door, but it might take half an hour.

Bran has no idea what the ruby ring does. It is reputed
to be usable only by one who becomes High King of Tara.
Bran merely holds it in trust.

He owns several nice treasures (including a harp
played by Turlough O'Carolan) that he displays in various
galleries of the court. Occasionally, he uses a treasure or

two to cement friendly relations with his fellow monarchs
or reward those who do him a service.

Image:
of face that can seem both ageless and inordinately wise.
He is 5°10" tall with shoulder-length auburn hair and sea

ran is a handsome young man with the kind


gray eyes. Whether dressed formally or casually, Bran always
looks impeccable and comfortable. Because he has spent a
great deal of time in his freehold and at court, he has aged
little since coming to Earth in 1969. He has no trouble with
Bedlam, however, for he makes certain to schedule several
long trips outside Dublin and the court each year.

In his fa
mortal. His face becomes thinner, his cheekbones higher,
his ears elongate and become more pointed, and he seems
perhaps a touch more handsome. Overall, the main effect
is of him becoming even more like himself. He wears court
attire with a grace that marks him as true royalty.

Roleplaying Hints: House Gwydion is noted for its
wise and competent rulers, and you are no exception. You
are committed to rulership through diplomacy rather than
might, and you always listen to what others have to say
before making a decision. You are a gentle manipulator,
who tries to persuade others to your viewpoint through
playing to their strengths rather than against their weak-
nesses. Under your guidance, Dublin (and the whole of
Ireland by extension) has joined the modern age, and the
dreamers have begun to dream of greater prosperity and a
place in the European Community. Old ways, old bitterness
and outmoded thinking are being set aside in favor of more
constructive ways of living. Though you have great rever-
ence for the things of the past, you believe that only if you
keep up with the modern world can the sidhe survive. If
history has taught you anything, it is that you must adapt to
changing conditions; though many see you as unchanging,
you are actually quite modern in your views — for a sidhe.

Sir Odhran, Kings Archivist

While some sidhe came through directly to Hibernia,
many who eventually ended up in Ireland first returned to
Earth in Concordia. Sir Odhran was one such. A knight of
House Liam, he was among the sidhe who fought for
Pacifica in the Battle of the Redwoods. When his friend
Lord Groton of House Fiona and Groton's love, Lady
Morgania of House Eiluned, were killed in the battle, he
brought Groton's broadsword and Morgania's younger
sister Nuala to Ireland where he hoped they'd be safe. Not
knowing where else to go, he sought the sidhe in Dublin.
There he met Bran and introduced Nuala to the Seelie
Court of Hibernia.

seeming Bran looks much like he does as a

Nuala's birthright as queen was acknowledged, and
she eventually took over the rule of Munster. Though she
invited Sir Odhran to become a part of her court, they both
found that one another's company caused each painful
memories of the war they would rather forget, and he
declined. King Bran, noting Odhran's interest in history
and impressed by his conduct during the Accordance War,
offered him the position of archivist within the Leinster

88 Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

court. As Odhran wished to remain in Hibernia, he

accepted and has served Bran with distinction ever since.
A year after he took service with Bran, he received a

dream summoning him to the glade of the Hidden King in

the Derryveagh Forest. Telling Bran only that he had been

summoned by the Dreaming, Odhran went to the forest

where he met with a group of other sidhe and became one

of the Silver Riders, the guardians of the Hidden King.

Odhran now fills both positions. When with the Riders, he

acts as an agent for King Bran, bringing him pertinent news

and keeping him abreast of events in the other kingdoms.

Under the direction of the Hidden King, who speaks to the

Riders in dreams, Odhran works to encourage dreams and

ivity throughout Hibernia, awaiting the day
will once again be accessible from Earth.

Odhran is quite aware that both his positions are ones

of great honor. He is often a little too formal and overly

correct in dealing with others, because he fears that they

might believe a member of House Liam is unfit for such

exalted duties. Despite his outward conformity to tradi-

tion, he is something of a radical thinker, encouraging

Bran in his historical studies and speaking out for com-

moners' rights. More sentimental than he would like

people to know, he cherishes the friends he has and feels

quite deeply the loss of those who are gone.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Sage/Fatalist

House: Liam

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,

Empathy 1, Expression 2, Instruction 4, Kenning 3, Sub-

terfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Melee

4, Stealth 3, Survival 3, Temporal Sense 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 2, Dream lore 3,

Enigmas 3, Geography 3, History 4, Investigation 2, Law

2, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic, French, German, Welsh) 4,

Medicine 1, Mythlore 4, Philosophy 2, Politics 2, Science

2

Arts: Primal 3, Sovereign 4, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 3, Prop 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 2, Gremayre 3, Hold-

ings 2, Resources 2, Title 2, Treasures 5

Glamour: 7

Banality: 5

Willpower: 4


Treasures: Sir Odhran keeps two swords in his free-
hold. One is his own sword that he wielded during the
Accordance War. It is a plain-looking broadsword that
allows him to strike twice in the time it would normally
take to strike once or to strike and defend almost simulta-
neously. Although quite useful, Odhran prefers to merely
display it, as he would rather he never had to pick it up in
earnest again. The other sword, which rests alongside his
the broadsword of Lord Groton of House Fiona,
Odhran's commander during the war and best friend, who
fell in the Battle of the Redwoods. It is decorated with a
silver lion on the hilt. When used by a member of House
Fiona in honorable battle, two chimerical silver lions may
be called forth to fight alongside the wielder. To honor
Groton's sacrifice, Odhran brought the sword to Ireland,
the place Groton wished to live when the war was over.

One treasure that he does keep with him is the Brooch
of the Hidden Way. With it, Odhran is able to travel about
without being noticed. In effect, it makes him inconspicuous.
While it does not confer actual invisibility, people who do see
him tend to not notice that he is there or to pay no attention
to him, relegating him in their minds to the category of
"supposed to be there; can safely ignore." If Odhran spends a
point of Glamour, he can utilize the brooch to temporarily
"hide" up to nine other people as well as himself.

Image: Odhran is tall and well-muscled, but he
also has the air of a scholar about him. His hair and
eyes are both dark brown, and he sports a short, well-
trimmed beard. He favors well-made, though
unostentatious clothes, but he has a decided weakness
for his velvet-collared smoking jacket when relaxing
at home.

In his fae seeming, Odhran favors tunics and trou-
sers or chimerical armor suited to his position as one of
the Silver Riders. His hair has more curl to it, and is
slightly longer than the just-touching-the-collar-in-
the-back look he favors in mortal seeming. His face
looks somewhat cold and haughty due to his long nose
and high cheekbones, but Odhran is actually much less
snobbish than his appearance would suggest.

Roleplaying Hints: Many people do not truly un-
derstand you. While you are concerned with fulfilling
your duties as archivist to King Bran and as one of the
Silver Riders who guard the Hidden King, that doesn't
necessarily mean that you are hidebound. You merely
conform to the expected and traditional ways of doing
things so that there will be no questions about your
suitability. That's the only real drawback to being of
House Liam; people assume you are all oathbreakers
and treat you accordingly. It is much easier to wear the
insignia of House Gwydion, which you are entitled to
do as the king's archivist. Then nobody assumes the
worst before getting to know you. Nonetheless, you
stand by the ideals of House Liam, and you never deny
your house if as

The QDunszer Courc
Queen Nuala of COunszer

Nuala was quite young when the sidhe returned to
Earth. She followed her sister Morgania to Concordia
and straight into the Accordance War. Morgania was
the lover of Lord Groton of House Fiona, and co-
commander with him of the sidhe army who fought the
Battle of the Redwoods. There, despite the heroic
efforts of her sworn troll guardian, Morgania was shot
down and killed by an arrow when the group was
swarmed by commoners. Nuala herself was slightly
wounded, but spirited away to safety by Sir Odhran.
When the war was over and she could travel freely,
Nuala begged Sir Odhran to take her to Hibernia,
where she and her sister had intended to go. He agreed
and escorted her to Dublin, where she met King Bran
and the other Great Kings of Hibernia and was ac-
knowledged queen herself.

Chapcer Four: Nodles


She wanted Munster for her realm, and was lucky
enough to win it in the draw. Though she felt obligated to
invite Sir Odhran to become her champion, he refused,
which wasa relief to both of them. Instead he went to serve
King Bran of Leinster, a far enough distance away that she
can admire him for what he is, but doesn't have to put up
with his day-to-day mannerisms that try her patience. She
went to the Rock of Cashel, inside of which Morgania had
told her was a powerful freehold once inhabited by the
Eiluned. There she made her court.

Nuala is somewhat distant in her manner toward
those she rules. She prefers to be alone or to have little
company. She concentrates on the mystical Arts rather
than on battle skills, though she insists that an honor
guard of four sidhe knights be with her at all times (even
if they aren't always in evidence). She tries to hide the
fact that she detests commoners. She simply cannot
forget that their cowardly long distance attack by arrow
slew her sister. She hides her feelings as best she can so
that her subjects (and fellow monarchs) won't find out.
The rampant sexism of Ireland (where men just assume
that women need protecting) annoys her almost as
much as having her domain referred to as a "kingdom"
does. She considers herself to be the expert on things
magical among the monarchs, and as such, believes she
is first among equals.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Hermit/Riddler

House: Eiluned

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Expression 2,
Intimidation 3, Intrigue 3, Kenning 4, Seduction 3, Sub-
terfuge 4

Skills: Crafts (jewelry design) 4, Drive 2, Etiquette 3,
Firearms 2, Leadership 2, Melee 2, Performance (Acting)
4, Stealth 3, Survival 1, Temporal Sense 4
Knowledges: Computer 1, Dream Lore 3, Enigmas 4,
Investigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic) 1, Medi-
cine 2, Mythlore 4, Occult 4, Politics 3, Psychology 2
Arts: Chicanery 3, Chronos 2, Dream-Craft 3, Primal 2,
Soothsay 5, Sovereign 4, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 5, Fae 4, Nature 4, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 1, Dreamers 3,
Gremayre 3, Holdings 5, Resources 3, Title 6, Treasures 5,
Trod 3

Glamour: 8

Banality: 3

Willpower: 6

Treasures: Nuala has the Queenly Treasures of
Munster (crown, scepter and seal) as well as a potent
treasure known as the Druid's Staff. When she wields the
staff, she is able to fade out and become transparent (thus
becoming all but invisible), making her a much harder
target in combat. Additionally, the staff has the property
of ensorcelling people's minds. Anyone she touches with
it (fae, supernatural or mortal) must gain two successes
on a Willpower roll against a difficulty of 8 or believe
Nuala has transformed him into a pig (for the remainder
of the scene).

Image: Nuala is a smoldering beauty with long,
wavy black hair that falls to the small of her back and
startling emerald-green eyes. Whenever she is in her
mortal seeming, she usually wears her hair pulled back
with a clasp and favors simple, elegant clothing such as
sheath dresses or tailored blouses and pants.

In her fae seeming, she is even more exquisitely
lovely. Her delicacy is accentuated and her taste legend-
ary. When attending court functions, she wears her hair
swept back and up into an elaborate, braided coiffure that
shows her long graceful neck. She prefers to dress in dark
colors set off by a few, sparkling jewels. Her chimeric
armot and sword are night-dark with elints of silver.


Roleplaying Hints: You are difficult for people to get to
know, and you like it that way. There are far too many forward
people in the world and fartoomuch presumption on their part.
Beinga ruler does not mean having to wallow in the most petty
and foolish doings of those whom you rule; on the contrary,
those with any sense eventually realize that a true queen
rises above it all and doesn't fraternize with the commoners.
Not that you are impolite to them or treat them with
anything but chill courtesy. Queens cannot afford to love
those they rule if they are to look after the realm as a whole
and treat everyone equally. At least nobody can accuse you
of favoritism, for you show none. Your love is saved for your
lover; you need not love your court to do your duty as queen.

The Ouchy of Cashel

Ouchess Lenore

Lenore chose tobe exiled to Earth becau
starving for mortal attention. She traveled straight through to
Hibernia and managed to avoid any of the fighting between
sidhe and commoners. Once in Hibernia, she set herself up
with a stable of musicians and began feeding them inspira-
tion. Then s back and waited for the Glamour to flow
in from them. So far, she has been careful. She has managed
within her that shrieks to be fulfilled all

eshewasliterally

to rein in the be:
s been exceedingly subtle. In all the yearsshe
n back on Earth, she has only used up 12 musicians —

begun to notice that despite all her care, she has begun
to age. She can't allow that, and might have to step up her
program to gather enough Glamour to stave off grumpdom.
Three years ago, Lenore met Nuala, Queen of Munster.
The two immediately hit it off. Taking a cue from her mortal
dreamers, Lenore played the part of the mystery woman to the
hilt. Nuala, true to her Eiluned soul, was intrigued. During the
courtship that followed, Nuala created the Duchy of Cashel for
Lenore to rule and elevated her love from her rank of knight to
that of duchess. There has been some grumbling among the
lesser nobles of the court, but since Nuala carved up her own.
lands to create the duchy, it really didn't take anything away
from them. They therefore have little to complain about. And
Lenore has used her talents to charm those who did object.
Lenore loves the social whirl of court life, but is
willing to grant Nuala the peace she usually desires. After
all, she can go visit one of her dreamers and fill up on all
the Glamour she wants, or find excitement ata ceili or pub
where good music is being played and people are out for a
good time. She is careful never to offend the queen or to
go against her wishes in any way. Thus she keeps her own
position and seems to second Nuala's decisions in all
matters. Life for Lenore is definitely comfortable.

Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Beast/Troubadour
House: Leanhaun
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2
Social: na 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 5,
Expression (lyric poetry) 5, Intimidation 2, Kenning 3,
Seduction 5, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Crafts (woodworking) 3, Disguise 3, Drive 2, Eti-
quette 3, Melee 3, Performance (mandolin) 5, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic) 1,
Mythlore 3, Occult 4
Arts: Primal 2, Soothsay 3, Sovereign 2, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 5, Fae 3, Prop 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 3, Dreamers 5,
Gremayre 1, Resources 1, Title 5
Glamour: 8
Banality: 3
Willpower: 5

Treasures: Lenore has no treasures of her own. At
any given time, however, she might be armed with some-
thing Nuala has loaned her for a while.

Chapzer our: Nodles 91


Image: Duchess Lenore is almost Nuala's opposite,
having frosty silver-blue eyes and white-blonde hair. Her
skin is very pale, and she has been referred to as the Ice
Queen (though not in Nuala's hearing). She dresses well,
though less traditionally than Nuala, preferringpale colors
and soft materials or going for the stark black look that
always works so well on blondes.

In her fae seeming, Lenore looks positively ethereal.
She favors frothy gowns that seem to billow in nonexistent
winds (like the bedclothes worn by helpless heroines in
every bad Gothic horror film from the ‘50s). On her, it
looks good.

Roleplaying Hints: You live to feel fulfilled. Take
what you want, but do it subtly. If most people knew about
you and your practices, they would be horrified. But that
is the nature of your house. It isn't fair for others to judge
you according to standards they set when they don't
understand your needs. Some people even misunderstand
yourrelationship with Nuala. They believe youare just out
for what you can get. There is that element, of course, as
inany relationship, but you truly care for the queen. While
you might not take a blade for her were she endangered,
you'd do your best to protect her.

The Ulscer Court
King Finn of Ulszer

King Finn of House Fiona has been the regent of
Ulster for 24 years. A year after the return of the sidhe to
earth, he participated in the lottery that determined his
holding in Ireland. His takeover was quick and bloodless
(unlike some others), and he stunned the commoners with
his appearance and knowledge. He opened old freeholds,
handing them out to noble and commoner alike. His
charisma and generosity prompted those whom he ruled to
believe that the legendary Finn MacCool had come back
to the land. Golden and glorious, his looks and skills led
others to question whether he might not instead be Lugh,
ancient High King of the Tuatha de Danaan. He made
many friends and his few enemies were more likely to be
jealous than to seriously hate him. Things started well.
Then he began to change. As Finn learned more and
more of what had been happening in the land during the
Interregnum, he became troubled. He watched as the people
of the land fought one another, not warrior to warrior, but
in cowardly ways — with shootings in the dark and bombs
left to slaughter innocent women and children. Members of
his court took sides and fought one another on the slightest
pretext until Finn outlawed all dueling on pain of a year's
exile. While there were many dreams of freedom in the air,
there were also nightmares of ancient slaughter. Dreams of

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

anger, hatred and retaliation began to poison the king.
Tainted Glamour from the tourist sites that remained open
in Northern Ireland coupled with the new ones opened for
the news media (bomb sites, entrenched sectarian neigh-
bothoods, army posts and prisons) began flowing into him,
changing his outlook and making him cynical. He began
holding court at night and spent the summer months in
private, seeing others only in autumn and winter.
Looking within himself forsome solution to the horror,
he found only riddles and puzzles wrapped up with truths
and lies so old they might never be untangled. In the early
‘80s, for three years he spent much of his time in meditation,
during which his sorrowful courtiers kept his condition from
his subjects and the other kings. When he at last emerged,
he was Unseelie. No one knows if Finn had simply found it
all too much to bear, or ifhe has some plan in mind that can
only be accomplished by hardening himself to realities. He
remains outwardly as kind and courtly as ever, and the other
kings have never suspected, believing he is merely worn
from coping with the many troubles that beset his kingdom.
Finn began to enact a plan designed to bring all the
freeholds into the Unseelie fold. He sent his favorite, a noble
named Lorenzo, out and about, talking with and cajoling the
worried nobles and giving them fine treasures from the king.
The treasures were filled with Finn's poisoned Glamour,
however, and as the nobles accepted them, they found
themselves ensorcelled and slowly coming around to Finn's
viewpoint. One noble, Duke Kestry of Belfast, suspecting
some of what was happening, refused the gifts. Finn was
furious but couldn't simply strip Kestry of his duchy (since
appointing the young noble of House Liam was acknowl-
edged as one of his finest moments as ruler). Finn assigned
Lorenzo to keep an eye on the wayward duke and to cause as
much trouble as possible for him. Eventually the two ended
up inaduel, and Finn wasable to exile Kestry. Itannoyed him
thathealso had toexile Lorenzo, but he comforted his faithful
retainer by awarding him with the prize duchy of Belfast upon
his return — Belfast, with one-third of the population of
Northern Ireland. All those dreamers...
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Riddler/Regent
House: Fiona
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Empathy 4,
Expression 3, Intimidation 4, Kenning 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 3, Melee 4, Stealth 3,
Temporal Sense 3


Knowledges: Computer 2, Dream Lore 3, Enigmas 4, Law
2, Mythlore 4, Occult 3, Politics 4
Arts: Chronos 2, Dream-Craft 3, Soothsay 4, Sovereign 5,
Wayfare 3
Realms: Actor 5, Fae 4, Nature 3, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Dreamers 5, Gremayre 4, Hold-
ings 5, Resources 4, Title 6, Treasures 5, Trod 4
Glamour: 8
Banality: 3
Willpower: 4
Treasures: Finn's treasures include the Kingly Trea-
sures of Ulster (crown, scepter and seal) and the Spear of
the North, said to have once belonged to Ferdia, the hero
who fought and was slain by Cuchulainn. Whether that
amazing lineage is true or not, the spear is certainly a
treasure, giving Finn an extra three dice of damage (it
intense cold) when used in battle. [tcan also be used
al all wounds on its wielder once in a 24-hour period.
The king also has access to many ancient treasures that
were stored in Emain Macha, many of which he has
handed out to the dukes and duchesses of his kingdom.
Image: Like one of the ancient Tuatha de Danaan
from legend, Finn is tall, golden and perfect. He prefers
clothing that is loose and flowing, but form-fitting enough
to show off his perfect body. He is rarely seen in his mortal

seeming, however. To fae eyes, his golden beauty is even
more pronounced. His waist-length golden hair isstreaked
with red, and his amber eyes take ona golden glow. When
dressed for battle, Finn's chimerical armor blazes like the
sun witha reddish amber glow. His house symbol is etched
upon the breastplate, with whirls and curves reminiscent
of the carvings on the megalithic stones of Ireland deco-
rating the helm. His cloak changes hue from golden to rosy
depending on his mood.

Yet there isasadness to him thatis noticeable to those
who take the time to look. A hint of Winter intrudes upon
his golden glory, like the sun on a clear December day.
Finn is a step away from Bedlam. His fagade is almost
perfect. To those whom he wishes to fool, he shows
wisdom, kindness and a subtle wit; to his enemies or those
who cross him he is furious, overpowering and utterly mad.
Heswitches back and forth between his Seelie and Unseelie
natures so quickly it is sometimes difficult to guess which
he might be at any given moment.

Roleplaying Hints: It is imperative that none of the
others find out. They would try to stop you, and they have no
idea what the consequences of that would be. You know. You
have looked within and discovered the truth. You are the
land. The land is you. No one must ferret out your s
the land will die.... But you can control it. Everyone admires
you, and you are wise beyond mortal reckoning. Those to
whom you've shown such kindness have given you their
complete support. They love you. And you love them. You
are king. You will care for them all... except the ones who
have betrayed you. They must be harshly dealt with — if you
could only remember who they are and what they've done....
It is so hard sometimes being the broken heart of a nation.

The Ouchy of Belfase
Kescry

The former Duke of Belfast is noble in the uncon-
scious way that all truly noble spirits are. He b
quiet authority that puts people at ease. His friends (and
they are many) include nobles, commoners, werewolves
and vampires. In his mortal life, Kestry is a lawyer dedi-
cated toseeing justice done for the downtrodden, regardless
of sex, race, religion or other distinguishing trait. In
Kithain society, though his rank would have given him a
duchy, his affiliation with House Liam would have led to
his being disinherited in any other court than Finn's.
Realizing Kestry's abilities and gifts, Finn made Kestry
duke of Belfast, the largest duchy in Ulster

crets, OF

n air of

Then Finn changed, and tried to force Kestry to
change as well. Kestry felt betrayed by his king. Beset by a
group of Unseelie Ravagers called the Vikings, Kestry and

Chapzer Four: Nodles 93


his friends fought for the dreamers of Belfast. At the heart
of the Troubles, he found the strength to resist all attempts
to corrupt him and his duchy. Though he is slow to anger,
when aroused, Kestry is fierce — particularly in defense of
the defenseless. One night he had finally had enough.
Discovering that the Vikings were being led and encour-
aged by Lorenzo, a favorite of King Finn, Kestry challenged
and defeated him. That was some 17 months ago. Finn
took the opportunity to rid himself of Kestry, using his ban
on dueling to banish Kestry fora year. Though Lorenzo was
also banished, Finn stripped Kestry of his title and ducal
treasures and awarded them to Lorenzo.

To Kestry, though he was sad to leave his home and
friends, at least he knew he had accomplished something;
from the time he defeated Lorenzo, a cease-fire was called by
the IRA (reflecting the calmer feelings that became preva-
lent as the Ravagers were stopped). During this hiatus, the
first time in 25 years that the constant war was stopped, new
changelings began to emerge, discovering their faerie souls
in the wake of new hope and dreams of peace.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Regent/Wretch

House: Liam

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empa-
thy 4, Expression (oration) 4, Kenning 2, Streetwise 1
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Leadership 4, Melee 4
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 3, Law 4, Linguistics
(Irish Gaelic, French), Occult 3, Mythlore 2, Politics 4
Arts: Primal 3, Sovereign 4, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 4, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Gremayre 3, Holdings (4),
Resources 2 (4), Title (5), Treasure 3, Trod (2)

Note: The numbers in brackets indicate his position
before he was stripped of his title and banished for a year.
Glamour: 6

Banality: 5

Willpower: 7

Treasures: Though he once had access to the usual
ducal treasures, Kestry was compelled to give them up
when Finn stripped him of his title. They now belong to
Lorenzo. Finn did not allow Kestry to take any other
treasures with him into exile.

Kestry ownsa very old book of French fairy tales. Anyone
who can read them can gain a point of temporary Glamour
from them. Kestry's other treasure isa tiny brooch (or lapel pin)

94 Immoral Cyes: Courc of all Kings

shaped like a Celtic harp. Made of silverand set with spun glass
strings, it is the symbol of a secret group known as the Harpers
of Erin. Named for a society of scholars who met in Belfast at
the end of the 18th century to preserve the Irish language and
cultural heritage, the Harpers of Erin are an oathcircle of
Kithain (and associated others) dedicated to the inspiration
and protection of humans. Kestry is their leader. When the
oath issworn tojoin the Harpers of Erin, the enchanted brooch
bestows a point of Glamour on the oathmaker. If the oath is
everbroken, theharpbrooch disappears, leavingthe oathbreaker
branded chimerically with a glittering sable harp visible to all
members of the society.

Image: Kestry is 6' 2" tall, and tends to stand out above
the crowd, His short hair is very blond, and his eyes are a
startling shade of blue. With high cheekbones and a longish
straight nose, he is considered handsome. He prefers to wear
suits, as they tend to gain him respect among the business-
men and law professionals with whom he usually deals, and
a duster-length trenchcoat. Of course, since he was ban-
ished, he hasn't practiced law for over a year.

In his fae seeming, his blond hair is shoulder length,
and he dresses in more colorful attire. At need, he dons
chimeric armor that is clean, shining silver. His longsword
is a shade between silver and blue, and the pommel is
worked with the blasted silver tree of House Liam on a
cerulean-blue background.


Roleplaying Hints: You have been dispossessed; you
were banished, your duchy (and home) confiscated. Not
because of any wrong you committed, but because your
beloved monarch, King Finn, has changed, becoming
Unseelie. Aside from your own group of frien
been unable to convince anyone of this. Others
that anything you say against him is a lie born of your
bitterness. All membersofHouse Liamareseenasoathbreakers
anyway, so you have two strikes against you to start.

, you have
now think

The cease-fire held fora while, but Lorenzo's excesses
have led to the beginning of hostilities again. You are back
from exile at last and must somehow stop his Ravagers.
Many believe that you are far more serious than any
changeling should be, but they do not understand the
responsibilities that you bear. Lorenzo is not the Duke of
Belfast for all that King Finn has appointed him to that
position. Leadership must be granted by those who are
willing to be led; he simply takes what he wants. They are
your people, and it falls to you to protect and defend them.

Ouke Lorenzo

Lorenzo was exiled from Arcadia for crimes he doesn't
quite remember, but which have given him a poor reputation
among sidhe with high Gremayre. He doesn't really care, even
ifhe remembersa life ofhonor long ago. He eamed King Finn's
favor during the Return and volunteered to go on Glamour-
gathering missions for the king, supposedly marking
particularly talented mortals for later Musing. In actuality,
Lorenzo is a practiced Ravager, and brought back more and
more tainted dross for the king. Pleased with his protege's
success, Finn made Lorenzo his champion, though he kept
this a secret. Eventually Lorenzo tired of even pretending to
bring back Glamour from creative sources, and turned to
stripping the Glamour from the dark pleasuresof the Troubles.
Slimyandslick, heandhiscadre of Unseelie Ravagers, named
the Vikings (for the raiders who once terrorized Ireland)
encouraged hatred among the people of Belfast, and even had
old men beaten to death just for the pain-wrac
it brought them. Unknown to Finn (or anyone else in Finn's
realm), Lorenzo is actually working for Doireannara, field
commander of the Unseelie army of the Shadow Court of
Hibernia. She had him insinuate himself into Finn's good graces
in order to remove the threat that Finn posed as King of Ulster.

When Finn realized that he had to silence the dukes or
be discovered as Unseelie, he sent Lorenzo to each in turn.
Lorenzo persuaded most of them to accept the treasures
Finn offered them (called "gifts of friendship"), and talked
them around to Finn's way of thinking. The one noble he
couldn't convince was Duke Kestry of Belfast. Enraged at his
failure, Lorenzo focused all his attention on Ravaging
Belfast. Finally, Kestry called him out in a duel. Though
Lorenzo had meant to cheat, the Vikings were unexpect-

edly detained, and Kestry won the battle. Finn banished
them both for dueling, buthe secretly promised Lorenzo the
duchy of Belfast when he returned. He has been back a few
months, and has tak
ducal treasures. He revels in his newfound power.

charge of Kestry's old home and

As duke, Lorenzo has been surprisingly subtle in his
manipulations. Rather than engaging in all-out Ravaging, he
hasused the ceas
thesecret freeholds in Belfast (and nearby) thatbelongto those
who might oppose him. These he intends to open up as tourist
attractions (where possible) and take the Glamour from the
balefires within as his own. He awaits his next meeting with
Kestry, hoping to catch him at an unguarded moment and put
I. Lorenzo has not been popular as duke; he
hopes a public de id humiliation of Kestry will establish
him asa nuler to be feared. Especially when he shows that he's
not afraid to actually kill another changeling.

fire to encourage tourism. Hesearches forall

an end to his ri

Unknown to Lorenzo, he was sent from Arcadia to
prepare for a takeover by House Balor. To that end, he has
been geased to work in their behalf and to bring down the
Seelie courts of Hibernia. Because he is working under a
geas, even Lorenzo sometimes doesn't know why he does
what he does. Occasionally, the geas conflicts with orders
from Doireannara, and Lorenzo just shuts down for a little
while until the conflict goes away. Since the two sides have

at least some goals in common, this is not often a problem.

Naan orn

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Peacock/Paladin

House: Balor (though he often claims to be Eiluned)
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Empathy 2, Kenning 4,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Mythlore 4, Occult 4, Politics 4

Arts: Chicanery 4, Primal 3, Soothsay 2, Sovereign 4
Realms: Actor 5, Fae 4, Prop 3, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Gremayre 2, Holdings 4,
Patron 5 (King Finn), Title 5, Treasure 3, Trod 2
Glamour: 7

Banality: 4

Willpower: 3

Treasures: Lorenzo has taken possession of the ducal
treasures of Belfast (the signet, pennons and hearthstone)
and of Kestry's longsword, a silver and bronze weapon of
ancient beauty named tine chreasa ("flashing fire") that
can shine with the light of sun or moon and blind oppo-
nents in battle. Lorenzo has yet to actually claim the
sword, fearing that some enchantment attuning the blade
to Kestry will harm him if he does.

Chimera: Lorenzo hasa very powerful chimeraknown
as the Smoke Dragon. Large and sinuous, this fearsome
creature made of mist and smoke has keen black eyes that
search out prey as it flies far overhead. The chimera
originally drew its power from the bombs and explosions of
the Troubles, and is thus, quite powerful. It can be utterly
silent, hiding among clouds, or terrifyingly loud, flapping
its wings with a sound like crashing thunder. Because of its
snakelike shape and insubstantial form, the Smoke Dragon
can twist itself into impossible angles and enter the small-
est of spaces, stretching itself out into a thin line of smoke
to do so if necessary. Oddly enough, it is quite beautiful,
with each scale perfectly formed in white, silver, misty
blue, gray and cream colors. In sunlight, the scales take on
a brilliant golden hue; at sunset, it reflects yellow, orange,
red and pink, just like clouds on the horizon.

Lorenzo uses it asa spy, sending it to mingle with clouds
outside or the haze of cigarette smoke up near the ceiling in
crowded pubs. His favorite uses for the chimera include
loosing it to herd changelings in his direction when he
wants them rounded up, and as an airborne attacker. The
chimera cannot be seen except by changelings and those

%6 Immorcal Eyes: Courc of alt Kings

who have been enchanted. Although he originally "inher-
ited" itasitformed itself, because Lorenzo has worked on the
chimera so long to perfect it, if the Smoke Dragon is killed,
Lorenzo can recall it and reform it at its original strength
within 24 hours.

Statistics for the Smoke Dragon: Strength 7, Dex-
terity 5, Stamina 5, Charisma 1, Manipulation 3,
Appearance 4, Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3; Alert-
ness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3,
Stealth 4

Image: Lorenzo is tall and painfully thin, more like a
sluagh than a sidhe. In his mortal seeming he has lank
black hair that he wears tied back in a long ponytail. He
favors dark clothing that accentuates his lean build, though
of fine, expensive materials.

Inhisfaeseeming, hishair has more body, almosta life
of its own. His eyes are a piercing gray and look as though
they would suck the life out of whatever he turns his gaze
on. As a member of House Balor, he has a deformity. His

and is represented by his extremely gaunt frame

eming eyes. Lorenzo is always hungry — for

food, excitement, treasure, Glamour, pain, pleasure or

praise. He can never get enough, and he always hungers for
more, even when he has just been sated.

Roleplaying Hints: aim you committed some
dark crime in Arcadia. Who cares? That was long ago and
far away. This is here and now, and you mean to savor
every second of it. The idiots don't have a clue what's
really possible — or what's really going on. You've found
a never-ending source of Glamour. Screw the fools who
spend a year slowly preparing some whiny mortal to create
apainting ora story. Hate is eternal; bitterness never ends.
It's easy to find what you need, feed on it, and use it to
promote the creation of even more tasty pains and fears.
You knew the Shadow Court would bring you power, and
you were right. They're all yours now, the hapless people
of Belfast. Use them as you will.

Lord Galway (Leo Gallagher)

Lord Galway is in his 40s, and as such is a confirmed
grump. Born in Belfast, he spent his fosterage in Galway.
Young Leo was a large boy, and often found himself in the
position of peacemaker since h ccorded him instant
respect. He seemed to have an innate sense of honor even
asa child. Leo discovered his fae nature when he was almost
agrump. He honed his fighting skills by joining the army. A
few years later, when his stint was over and he was visiting
Sligo, he foiled an attempt by unknown agents to kill the
youngKestry, who had just undergone his Chrysalis
parents took him back home to Belfast. King Fiachra of
Connaught located Leo, told him that he had foreseen that
Kestry would be a changeling of note, and asked him to go


to Belfast to protect the young wilder. Leo agreed, and King
Fiachra made hima knight for saving the young changeling.
Having fought many chimerical foes, and even werewolves
and vampires on one occasion, he felt that he could handle
one young fae. Coincidentally, Kestry himself invited him
to Belfast to act as his personal guard. Bemused that the
Dreaming should have conspired to place him where he
intended to go anyway, he gladly accepted.

Gallagher became Kestry's confidant and teacher.
When Finn recognized Kestry's noble status and gave him
the duchy of Belfast to rule, Kestry used his status to give
Leoa title. Remembering his foster home fondly, he chose
to be known as Lord Galway. For his freehold, Kestry gave
Galway the Brick Glade, a Garou caern that had been
given to Kestry as a gift (see under the Brick Glade entry
in the Belfast section for the whole story). G:
stands the caern's significance and guards it carefully. He
has sworn himself to Kestry and to the Harpers of Erin, and
is utterly trustworthy. When Kestry was exiled, he forbade
Lord Galway to accompany him, insisting that the troll
stay and watch over the people of Belfast.

ay under-

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Paladin/Savage
House: Affiliated with House Liam
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Troll
Physical: Strength 6 (mighty), Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
(tough)
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 1,
Intimidate 3, Kenning 3, Streetwise 2
Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 1,
Melee 5, Security 2, Stealth 1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic) 1,
Medicine 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 2, Politics 2, Science 1
Arts: Primal 4, Sovereign 1, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 4, Prop 3, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Holdings 2, Resources 2, Title 3,
Treasure 4
Glamour: 5
Banality: 5
Willpower: 7

Treasures: Lord Galway has the treasures usual for a
baron (his hearth and weapon). The weapon is a gigantic
broadsword called Foestriker that refuses to be swung at
anyone who isa friend of the troll. This doesn't mean that
if an enemy is acting friendly, the sword won't strike; it is
backed up by the magic of the Dreaming and can easily tell
who means Galway harm and who doesn't. Against foes,

the weapon confers an extra die of damage (as ifhe needed

Iso has one of the harp brooches that identify

if the Harpers of Erin. His most beloved treasure,

however, is an ancient flintlock rifle. It hardly appears to

be capable of firing to mortal eyes, but its chimerical form

is quite dangerous for changelings, stripping away their

Glamour at the same rate as a bullet fired from a hunting
rifle would cause damage to a mortal.

Image: Lord Galway isas tall as Kestry, but is easily twice
his weight. In his mortal seeming, he appears like a middle-
aged soldier with short-cropped red-brown hair and a faraway
gaze in his hazel eyes. He walks the streets, apparently a tramp,
yet he is too well-dressed and clean to actually be one.

Inhisfaeseeming, he isa giant, even among trolls. His
muscles ripple, and his braided beard and hair speak of his
proud Norse ancestry. His chimeric armor is practical and
solid-looking, though he sometimes embellishes it with
Celtic knotwork patterns (when he has the time and
energy). On the breastplate is a small heraldic design of
House Liam's blasted silver tree.

Roleplaying Hints: You have sworn your life to the
service of Kestry of House Liam, and you've never regretted
that decision. Under your tutelage, the lad has turned out to
be a fine leader. Some might question why a commoner
should be so concerned with teaching a noble, but you've
known from the first that Kestry is not like many of the

Chapzer Four: Nodles 97


sidhe. Itwas very hard for you to stay in Belfast while Kestry
was exiled. You did your best to hold the fort, and the cease-
fire allowed many young Kithain to emerge as the children
began to dream again. You have held the Brick Glade as a
sortofopen house forthem, though youdon'tallow Unseelie
to enter. When you acted as Kestry's second in his duel
against Lorenzo, that sorry excuse for a sidhe swore he'd

have his revenge against you. Upstart whelp! Let him try.

‘The Court of the
dden Kung

The forest of the Hidden King is a Glamour-en-
wrapped glen in which an ancient sidhe has dwelled since
before the Shattering. It has one permanent resident
Meilseoir, who communicates with his guardians, the
Riders of the Silver Court, through dreams. Because he is
so old, the statistics given below are merely approximate to
allow the Storytellersome idea of his actual power. Itisquite
likely that Meilseoir has other Arts that are lost to the fae
ofthis time. Though he isdescribed here as the heroes of the
Immortal Eyes chronicle saw him, that may be only one of
his many forms. Certainly he has treasures that have yet to
be discovered by outsiders, some of which he might choose

to bestow upon worthy and deserving changelings

(MDeilseoir (pronounced @eL-
shyah R)

So old that history was not yet written, soancient that
he has had many names (among them names of gods),
Meilseoir has been the hidden source of much of the
Glamour that keeps the island's megalithic stones and
faerie mounds from falling fully to Banality. Foreseeing the
fate that would befall the fae, he locked himself within the

prison of his forest to await the day when the selkie queen's

prophecy would be fulfilled.

There he has waited, constructing chimera anda castle of
dreams to make his long exile bearable. His knowledge of
temporaland dreaming Artshasmercifully allowedhim respite
from the tedium that has eventually killed other fae who
retreated to glens to escape Banality and found themselves
trappedall alone. Little happens in Hibernia that the kingdoes
not soon become aware of through tendrils of dreams, which
reach him from even the most distant spots, or the news the
Ridersbring, Heisable, attimes, to reach beyond the threshold
of his dream and summon certain Kithain to him. Whether
they respond is not in his power to command.

Undoubtedly, Meilseoir is insane due to his long isola-
tion within his glen. Luckily, his insanity takes the form of
extreme dedication to a duty he set himself long ago.


Court: Seelie

Legacies: Regent/Riddler

House: Ailil (many claim he is Ailil)

Seeming: See below

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 5, Appearance 8
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 7, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 5, Expression 4, Intimidation 5, Kenning 5,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 4, Leadership 5, Melee 5, Perfor-
mance 3, Temporal Sense 5

Knowledges: Dream Lore 5, Enigmas 5, History 4, Lin-
guistics (Irish Gaelic, other ancient tongues now lost) 4,
Mythlore 4, Politics 4

Arts: Chicanery 5, Chronos 4, Dream-Craft 5, Primal 5,
Soothsay 5, Wayfare 5

Realms: Actor 5, Fae 5, Nature 5, Scene 5
Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Contacts 5, Gremayre 5, Hold-
ings 5, Title 6, Treasures 5, Trod 5

Glamour: 20

Banality: 0

Willpower: 9

Treasures: Not detailed, but see above for informa-
tion on awarding treasure to worthy Kithain.

Image:

The companions saw a figure wreathed in the light of
Glamour, his features impossible to distinguish through his
glowing aura. Their eyes received only impressions of hair
like spun gold and silver and copper, eyes that were at once
as pale as morning and as dark as midnight, and a form that
stood up to no description other than "beautiful."

..-but this time they could see his face and form clearly
outlined in the starlight that bathed his realm in its soft
radiance. His features were as finely etched as if carved
from crystal yet there was nothing frail in the strong line of
his jaw or the firm set of his mouth. He wore armor that
seemed made from the light of the stars beneath a midnight-
colored cloak made of something richer than velvet.

—Jackie Cassada, Court of All Kings

Enough said.

Roleplaying Hints: More than any otherking, you are
the land. Yours is the spirit that keeps alive the light of
Glamour in Hibernia. Youaresoold that you have forgotten.
more than you remember, but your duty holds you to the
island, and will hold you still when others have once again
opened the gates to Arcadia. All the changelingsin Hibernia
are your children and your responsibility; you cannot desert
them, no matter what the cost to yourself. Guard them well.

The Unseehe
Nouses of Pioernia

Three other houses made the trip from Arcadia at
the same time as the acknowledged five, though in such
small numbers they are usually not accorded any par-
ticular notice or status. As they are all Unseelie, this is
hardly surprising. House Ailil, which has known mem-
bers throughout the world, also claimed a few freeholds
in Hibernia. The others, members of Houses Balor and
Leanhaun, did notoriginally come through in Concordia
atall. As their ties lay more closely with Hibernia, they
chose to travel smaller trods and concentrate on estab-
lishing bases in their "original" homeland. It is unknown
whether the three Unseelie houses are working to
further some Unseelie scheme — possibly to advance
the aims of the Shadow Court — or in collusion with
the Fomorians. Certainly House Balor has ties to those
monstrous beings, if only those of shared blood (see the
entry under House Balor in Chapter Two). Houses
Ailil, Balor and Leanhaun are covered in more detail in
The Shadow Court.

Chapzer [our: Nodles


The Shadow Court

For all practical purposes, the "known" Shadow
Court in Hibernia is a joke. Widely acknowledged as a
catch-all for the powerless discontented (more like a
drinking brotherhood for the whiners than anything
else), no one is particularly disturbed at the thought
that they might be planning a takeover. It would be
more likely that they'd fall on their faces trying to take
over the dart board at a local pub. Of course, that's
exactly what the real Shadow Court wants people to
think. It gives them a little more room to work.

Composed of a number of members from Houses
Ailil, Balor and Leanhaun, the Shadow Court has recog-
nized the need for commoners among them as well. Many
are seen as little more than cannon fodder in the eventual
battle; others have skills the noble houses value and have
presumably ones they will get to keep
"when the revolution comes." Never ones to let little
things like corruption and Banality stand in their way, the
Shadow Court's tentacles enmesh a few vampires and

been given titles

werewolves as well. Somewhere back in prehistory, the
Black Spiral Dancers who have answered the call to join
the Shadow Court of Hibernia are closely related to House
Balor. Picts, Fir Bolg... there's really little difference.

Those who belong to the real Shadow Court have all
been required to prove their loyalty to the cause. This takes
the form of some sort of test that each must pass. Those who
succeed are knownas the Initiated or the Blooded. Unknown
to the patsies who believe they are the Unseelie presence in
Hibernia, the real Shadow Court meets at Dun Aenghus and
on Tory Island. When Yrtalien of House Ailil made his
presence in Hibernia known, there wasa long debate on what
todo with him. Many among the Shadow Court who noted
that the prince was in the throes of Bedlam, voted for
assassination before he could unbalance their own plans.
Eventually, however, it was decided to let him do whatever
it was he was up to and work behind the scenes to pick up
whatever benefits came their way as a result.

Nouse Autit

House Ailil hasa small presence in Hibernia, but only
a few of themare involved with the actual Shadow Court.

Oonal andOougal O'CDallory

Not important (or annoying) enough to warrant
being exiled, Dougal and Donal decided to make the trip
to Earth as a lark. Sometime around 1979, they figured
they'd take a small trod to Ireland and set themselves up as
kings before a lot of other people even knew those trods

Immorcal Cyes: Cour of all Kings

were open again. Twins in Arcadia and therefore closer

than life, they decided they had to be twins on Earth as
well. They set off down the trod quite merrily, little
realizing that a convenient pair of male twins wouldn't just
be standing about near the exit point waiting to be taken
over by faeries. They had to settle fora pair of about-to-be-
borns in Sligo. Pity their poor mother, who was convinced
the bratty children she had to raise must be changelings.

Some 17 years later, they are the bad boys of Sligo —
and kings of the local pub. Slackers from the start,
neither Donal nor Dougal amounted to much, being
content to just drift along being "bad." Their lack of real
ambition has made the Shadow Court avoid them.
Though they walk the walk, talk the talk and even
Ravage when the mood suits them, they really don't have
the kind of guts and commitment it takes to be an
important part of a revolutionary army. As far as the
Shadow Court is concerned, if Donal and Dougal wanted
to join, they'd be given the job of stabbing themselves to
test the iron knives for sharpness.

Frankly, they simply aren't mean enough. Like
many mortals their age, they are looking for an identity.
They go for style over substance and think they've got
it covered. In many ways, they'd like to do the right
thing and be heroes. They' ve just had lousy role models.
Meeting Yrtalien and falling under his power is the


greatest danger the twins have ever faced. Whether
they mature because of it and whether they choose to
remain Unseelie has yet to be determined.
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Rake/ Wayfarer
House: Ailil
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sidhe
rength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
arisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Expression 2, Intimidation 1, Kenning 3, Seduction 2,
eetwise 2, Subterfuge 2
joating 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Melee
4, Performance 3, Security 3, Stealth 3
, Geography 2, His-
lic) 1,

mputer 1, Enign
tory 2, Investigation 1, Linguistics (Irish Gz
Medicine 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 2, Politics 1

s: Chicanery 2, Le

Sovereign 2, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 3, Nature 2, Prop 2, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 2, Gremayre 2, Hold-
ings 1, Resources 1, Title 1, Treasure 1

erdemain 2, Primal 2, Soothsay 3,

Glamour: 7
Banality: 4
Willpower: 3

Treasures: Each brother has a small bag of dross
(worth about 3 Glamour).

Image: Donal and Dougal look just alike. In their
mortal seeming, they are long-haired toughs in leather
jackets and torn jeans. Their dark blond hair falls halfway
down their backs, while in front it is an unruly m of
untrimmed bangs that obscures their gray eyes. The tips of
their ears are pierced with silver rings. They'd look naked
without the cigarettes dangling from their mouths.

In their fae forms, they look pretty much the same,
though their ears are pointed and they seem a little
"prettier." They don't go in for court dress, and have to
work at coming up with chimeric armor that's cool-
looking enough.

Roleplaying Hints: You and your brother are the
juvenile delinquents of the faerie world. You've never
gotten the kind of respect you think you should have
though you're obviously cool. It doesn't matter what
anyone else thinks, though. As long as you've got your
brother, you'll be all right. But people had better stop
messing with you!

Field Commander Ooireannara

(omeannm Leachtamn)

Exiled from Arcadia for her continual attempts to
undermine the soci

of House Ailil ch
sidhe, Doireannara went to Tory Island, where she

order of fae society, Doireannara
to return to Hibernia. An ancient

contacted a number of her co-conspirators who had
been exiled as well. Using Tory Island as their base, they
set about building an Unseelie army and a true Shadow
Court with the eventual goal of taking over Hibernia
completely. Doireannara was named field commander
of the army.

The North suited them. They were right in the midst
(though shielded from) the Troubles. They held them-
selves aloof from the fighting between sidhe and
commoners so that whenever they discovered disaffected
"subjects" of the new sidhe kings, they could recruit them
under their "revolutionary" banner. Doireannara has
spent her time teaching noble and commoner alike the
arts of warfare: battle, tactics, explosives, terrorist ac-
She is quite good
at indoctrinating the troops with visions of a class-free
fae society in charge of mortals who work to bring them

tions, subdual of occupied territorie

Glamour. Many of her students have passed their final
exams by constructing, planting and setting off bombs in

Chapzer Four: Nodles 101


various parts of Northern Ireland, all as members of one
terrorist outfit or another.

She is utterly dedicated to bringing about victory for
her side. One of her greatest achievements in nullifying
potential opposition has been the corruption of King Finn
of Ulster. Sending out her Ravagers to draw off all the
untainted Glamour in the province was inspired; sending
her personal friend Lorenzo of House Balor to taint the
king himself was worthy of a legend.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Paladin

House: Ailil

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Expression (Oration) 4, Instruction 3, Intimidation
5, Intrigue 3, Kenning 3, Search 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 3,

Skills: Archery 3, Disguise 4, Drive 3, Etiquette 4,
Firearms 4, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Performance (Act-
ing) 4, Security 3, Stealth 3, Survival 3, Temporal
Sense 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3, History 3, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 2, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic, Pictis
French, German) 4, Medicine 2, Military Sci
Mythlore 3, Occult 3, Politics 4, Psychology 3, Science
(Chemistry, explosives) 4
Arts: Chicanery 3, Chronos 3, Primal 5, Sovereign 3,
Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 5, Prop 4, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Contacts 5,Gremayre 4, Hold-
ings 4, Resources 4, Retinue 3, Title 5, Treasures 5,
Trods 3
Glamour: 8
Banality: 5
Willpower: 7
Treasures: Doireannara wears a flak jacket that not
only provides her with an armor rating of 4 (she gets 4
extra dice to roll on soak rolls), but has been enchanted
to turn chimerical melee strikes aside as well. If she
in overcoming all damage rolled against her
ing the jacket, her attacker must make a soak
s the damage he would have inflicted. Any

damage that the attacker does not manage to offset affects

him, in effect, bouncing back off the enchanted armor.
Image: Ramrod straight and with a no-nonsense
military bearing, Doireannara puts to rest for all time
the notion that women can't be soldiers. Though she is
not overly strong, she has the body of an active athlete.
Her height of just under six feet gives her an advantage
in intimidation attempts (not that she needs it). Her
curly black hair is close-cropped, ending just below her
ears, and her eyes are a gun-metal blue. She favors

practical soldier's gear, disdaining dresses and heels as

ss rubbish.
must deal with someone who wouldn't understand her

he dons feminine clothing when she

usual attire or when she wishes to travel incognito.

In her fae seeming, she looks much the same, but her
tight-lipped revolutionary zeal can almost be seen spark-
ing from her eyes. Those who have seen Doireannara lose
her temper haven't lived to tell about it, so there are no
reports whether she's "beautiful when she's angry."

Roleplaying Hints: You are in charge of the army
that's going to change the world. Enough with the
"protect the dreamers" crap. They should be down on
their knees thanking the fae for teaching them how to
dream in the first place. Things will change when the
Shadow Court comes into its own. No more lazy, useless,
pathetic changelings who can't pull their own weight. If
they can't make it in the new society, you don't need
them. They'll take up space and whine for their share of
the Glamour. You'll give them Glamour all right. At the
business end of a mortar.


Though it has been forgotten by all but a few of
the eldest fae, the Kithain of House Balor trace their
ancestry back to a line of sidhe who mixed their
blood with that of the Fomorians. Each member of
House Balor therefore has some sort of deformity —
physical, mental or emotional. While this does
handicap them to some extent, the Fomorian blood
shields them from the worst effects of iron. While
cold iron still causes members of House Balor some
discomfort, they take no penalty when performing
tasks while in contact with the metal, nor do they
lose any points of temporary Glamour when struck by
iron weapons. If slain by an iron weapon, however,
their faerie souls are destroyed just like any other
changeling's.

Many changelings of House Balor flirt with di-
saster by carrying and utilizing iron weapons as a way
of thumbing their noses at the other sidhe. They do
not suffer from Banality's Curse, the frailty of most
sidhe. They are even more likely to fall into fits of
depression, however. Additionally, not all members
of the house are Unseelie. As other fae forget House
Balor's origins, the house forgets they have boasted
such heroes as Lugh of the Long Arm and Cuchulainn
among their number

If their particular deformities bring them powers
(such as Balor's burning eye), they haven't admitted it
to anyone. It is believed that the powers ascribed to
the ancient Fomorians were not passed along to their
half-breed offspring. While some members of House
Balor are cooperating with the Shadow Court, the
House has its own agenda which it hopes to eventually
implement. For now, they act in concert with Houses
Ailil and Leanhaun, content to bask in the prestige of
bringing the Black Spiral Dancers and the modern
Fomori into an alliance with the Unseelie.

Black-Tongue'Oooley

No one but Black-Tongue himself remembers his
fae name. Exiled to Earth, he met Doireannara of
House Aili and became her most ardent recruit. Foul
in the extreme, no crime is too hideous for Dooley.
He has raped children, tortured helpless captives,
stolen food intended for a homeless shelter, given a
heroin overdose to a 12-year-old just to see what

would happen, and blown up a nursery school all in
the pursuit of Glamour. He makes an art form of pain
and torture, delighting in causing mental anguish in

equal measure.


Dooley is most effective as the silent, sinister

figure who lurks behind Doireannara whenever she
es the troops. If they respect and fear her, they
are terrified of Dooley. He has only to lick his lips
with his putrescent black tongue to command instant
obedience. He likes it that way. He delights in in-

addres:

flicting little tortures even on his comrades-in-arms,
requiring them to stand perfectly still for half an hour
while balancing on their toes, for instance. Alterna-
tively, he occasionally requires "favors" to refrain
from such pastimes. Inability (or refusal) to perform
is met with swift and painful punishment. Unknown
to Black-Tongue, however, Doireannara has begun
watching him. If she thinks he's going too far (such
as driving away recruits with his excesses), she'll
squash him like the bug he is.

Because of his particular deformity (a hideous-
looking black and putridly rotting tongue),
Black-Tongue cannot speak. He communicates ei-
ther by gesture or through writing out his questions,
answers and thoughts. Nor can he taste food. Trying
to cheat his condition, Black-Tongue has secretly
captured and imprisoned a silversmith of House
Dougal. Chained with cold iron, the hapless change-
ling is forced to work long hours attempting to

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

create a working silver tongue for Dooley. If he is
successful, Dooley will demand several replacement
tongues, then kill him. Should he get a working
tongue, Dooley would be in a unique position to spy
on House Dougal, who would undoubtedly believe
he had made the tongue for himself in response to
his own tongue's loss.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Beast/Crafter

House: Balor

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 5,
Kenning 2, Search 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Security 4, Stealth 4,
Survival 4

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Mythlore 2, Occult 4
Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 4, Wayfare 4

Realms: Actor 5, Fae 3, Nature 3, Scene 1
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 3, Gremayre 1, Re-
sources 3, Title 1

Glamour: 7

Banality: 6

Willpower: 4

Treasures: None

Image: Black-Tongue looks like one of those bro-
ken-down bums who walk the streets mumbling to
themselves and glaring at passers-by. He has muddy
brown hair and rheumy brown eyes, a four-day stubble
and rumpled clothing of some indeterminate color. He
hunches along, hands in pockets.

In his fae seeming, his hair becomes a tangled
knot of graying brown and the stubble masquerades as
a short beard. His mouth is a brown slash in his face,
and his black tongue lolls half out of it, dripping saliva
down his chin. When he manages to pull his tongue in,
he looks almost normal, though still ugly for a sidhe.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a pain artist. You
know you intimidate people, and you revel in it.
Because you cannot speak, you carry a black note-
book with you to write out whatever communications
you need to. Use that to your advantage; make it look
like you're keeping notes on people and their perfor-
mance. Look as menacing as possible and grunt
occasionally.


Use Leanhaun

Members of House Leanhaun are intimately tied
to mortal inspiration, and those who chose to leave
Earth suffered greatly during their enforced isolation
in Arcadia. Like all fae, the Leanhaun need Glamour;
unlike others, without Glamour they begin to age
rapidly. Cut a childling Leanhaun off from regular,
hefty infusions of Glamour, and within a matter of
months, she has undergone a painful metamorphosis
into a wilder. A year or so later and she is a grump.
Within three to five years, she has become an ancient,
wizened hag who is nearing death. Though other fae
know that this house is so cursed, they are unaware of
the cure for it. If they knew, they would probably hunt
down all the members of House Leanhaun and extin-
guish them regardless of the cost to their faerie souls

Rhapsody

The effects of aging can be reversed givena little
time and a lot of potent Glamour. While any Glam-
our will stop the unnatural aging process, actually
reversing it takes a special kind of Glamour, called
Rhapsody, that is engendered by particularly creative
mortals in response to the Leanhaun's influence.
Rather than simply inspiring mortals indirectly, those
of House Leanhaun have the ability to directly chan-
nel faerie Glamour into a talented individual — a
practice which the fae are expressly forbidden to
engage in. This is called creating a Rhapsody. The
mortal who is thus inspired burns with enhanced
creativity, pouring his whole life into his art, be it
music, poetry, prose, painting, sculpture, dance or
any other art form. The Leanhaun feed off the Glam-
our thus produced, drinking it in and using it to
reverse aging or to maintain their present age for an
unnaturally long period of time.

Often fae of House Leanhaun become the lovers
of those they Rhapsodize, and the mortals become
utterly obsessed with their sidhe lovers. Such a direct
channel to the Dreaming and the creative and emo-
tional outpouring it produces is very dangerous for
the mortals involved. While they fashion the sort of
amazing art that every artist aspires to and only a few
ever produce, their absolute focus on and devotion to
their faerie lovers robs them of the ability to properly
care for themselves. Like meteors that streak across
the sky leaving glory in their wake, mortals touched
by the Leanhaun sidhe live all too briefly, burning
out with a rapturous, incandescent flare.

John O' Creams (Jamie
Dacleod)

Like many others of his house, John suffered greatly
during his time in Arcadia. Although he could not die,
even the Glamour of the Dreaming could not com-
pletely k
and pains of extreme old age, John convinced some of

him from aging. Beset by the infirmity

his younger acquaintances to bring him to Hibernia
when the trods once again opened in 1969. Rather
than take a handy adult body and have it immediately
shrivel with age, John chose to take the body of a
young child. The shock of the transference muddled
many of John's memories, and he has had to rebuild
many of his Abilities from scratch.

Soon after John became Jamie MacLeod, his father,
Camden, an accomplished, but uninspired musician,
began to compose and play brilliantly. His group at-
tracted considerable attention in his home town of
Waterford and began doing small tours of Ireland.
Though it seemed ridiculous to the other band mem-
bers, Camden insisted that Jamie travel with them.
Before they could be signed to a recording contract,

however, Camden suffered a massive coronary and
died. Jamie was heartbroken.


Ashe grew into a teenager, Jamie seemed to always
be on the fringe of crowds that gathered around newly
discovered geniuses, mostly musicians — who invari-
ably died within a year or so of seeing their talent
blossom. When he reached age 17, Jamie decided that
he'd grown old enough. Reveling in his youthful body,
he now travels throughout Ireland, playing music and
meeting and inspiring mortals as the mood strikes him
and the need arises. He believes that those whose
genius he nurtures would have died in obscurity, never
reaching the heights they were capable of without his
help. But he's beginning to wonder if it's worth it. He
gives them a wondrous year or two of bliss and perfec-
tion, and suffers dreadfully when each one inevitably
dies. Every time it happens he swears he'll never Rhap-
sodize another mortal, but another one comes along,
and he remembers what it was like being old and sick
and knows he can't face that again, no matter what the
cost. And another mortal is lost. And he retains that
golden youth, but his heart turns to Winter inside him.
Court: Unseelie

Rake/Wayfarer

House: Leanhaun

Legacies:

Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Expression 4, Kenning 3, Seduction 5,
Streetwise subterfuge 4

Skills: Craft 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 4, Performance
(traditional music) 5, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Art 3, Enigmas 2, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic,
Scottish Gaelic) 2, Medicine 1, Mythlore 3, Occult 1,
Philosophy 2, Psychology 2, Theatre 2

Arts: Chicanery 2, Soothsay 4, Sovereign 3, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 3, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 3, Dreamers 5,
Gremayre 1, Resources 1, Retinue 4, Title (unclaimed) 3
Glamour: 9

Banality: 3

Willpower: 6

Treasures: None


Image: John O' Dreams, as he bills himself, is of
average height, but a bit on the thin side. He has wavy
russet hair that falls to his should
eyes that people can get lost in. His

ind deep brown
ace is androgynous
looking, with enough masculine and feminine qualities
to it that he seems both attractive and unthreatening.
ler, his thinne:

In his fae seeming, he trans-

lated into slenderness. His eyes become pools of shadow

that drink in all they see. In both forms he prefers

trousers and boots, open-necked pirate-style shirts

and vests. He never wears court attire, as he never
attends court. He finds the whole "noble" versus com-
moner thing dull. Kind of like living in Arcadia.
Roleplaying Hints: You are the muse that inspires
great art in mortals. Their lives are yours to mold, and
you must help them make the most of the short time
they have. Love each of your mortals unsparingly, with
true devotion. After all, they won't be around for long,
a tragic side effect of your Glamour-laden touch. No
one can understand how incredibly sad that makes you.


»,
4 i
. @ ~
1) nN \


Ol

Between the plethora of kings, queens, dukes, duch-

s and knights that populate the
ide, it sometimes feels as though you'd be
- That isn't true,
of course, but the Irish are so used to "watching the royals"

Irish country
hard-put to find a commoner in the p

that even the lowest redcap sometimes claims to be the
second cousin of the wife of the duke of Ballymacwhatever.

Nonetheless, there are plenty of motleys. In fact,
Ireland boasts an enormous number of commoners for its
relatively small size. Luckily, the fae went underground
(literally) hundreds of years ago, or the land would be so
covered with fae there'd be no room for the sheep!

Only a few of the many, many commoners of Hibernia
are detailed below. Most aren't even the most powerful
ones, just people the characters are likely to meet. Feel free
to add in others as you see fit.

Fi
x

NONOWELS

The Scalawags

Cc

more rura

iming to bring art to the benighted souls of the
parts of Hibernia, the Scalawags are a traveling
repertory company cum circus. Among their number they
claimanocker (Miles), atroll (Tully), an eshu (Evangeline)
and a pooka (Wisp), making them one of the most diverse
and notable motleys in Ireland. Traveling in traditional
caravans from place to place, they rarely travel more than
alike , they make
id adver their pres-

10 miles in aday. When th
camp, set up a makeshift stage.
ence to the community.
Somewhat unorthodox in their repertoire, they are
actually more like commedia del arte performers than
actors. Their favorite tactic is to invite (coerce) members
of the audience to join them onstage to read (and act out)
the bit parts — particularly those that feature saucy
double-entendres (for the adult crowds) or silly pratfalls


and wardrobes (for the children's shows). While they
make the participants look like utter fools, the volunteers
rarely have a problem. Most revel in the chance to do
something a little silly, and the attention it brings them
isn't unwelcome. A lot of them wait for the next year's
show with great anticipation, hoping to be chosen again.
There's nothing really mean-spirited in the shows, and
people intuitively understand that it's all in fun and
respond in kind. The Glamour the audience (and perform-
ers) give off is more than sufficient reward for the Scalawags.

CDiles Leighcon

Miles was never happy living at home. He always
seemed to get in arguments with his parents, especially
when they caught him taking apart the radio, the television,
the stove... all in the name of making them work better.
Eventually he went through his Chrysalis, discovered his
nature, and decided he didn'tneed to live at home anymore.

Miles had always wanted tosee more of the world, and
he got his chance when a traveler (usually mis-called a
tinker) gave him a ride in his caravan after Miles helped
him fix a broken wheel. He loved itand decided he'd never
again live anywhere else but in a caravan. Saving the
money he made doing odd jobs, he managed to buy into
the lucrative tourist caravan trade, which made enough

money for him to purchase caravans for his own use. In the
meantime he met Tully and Evangeline, and the three
took to traveling together. When Miles realized that
Evangeline's stories and Tully's strong man act were bring-
ingin money, heand the others recruited some like-minded
Kithain and started the Scalawags.

Although he claims he prefers to "just work on the
wagons and props and take care of the business end," Miles
isactually never happier than when he's onstage playing the
hot-under-the-collar father of the bride-to-be or assisting a
patsy from the audience to make a fool of himself. He would
never admit that Wisp's singing enthralls him, or that he
secretly adores Evangeline, though he hasn't gotaclue what
she's really like. Despite his gruff exterior and rough lan-
guage, Miles has found a life and a family he loves.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Bumpkin/Grotesque
Seeming: Grump (barely)

Kith: Nocker

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Expression (acting) 2, Intimidation 2, Kenning 2,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Crafts 4, Caravan Driving 4, Drive 1, Firearms 1,
Leadership 2, Melee 2, Performance 1, Repair 5, Security
3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Law 1, Medicine 1, Mythlore 2,
Theatre 1

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 3, Primal 2, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2, Prop 5

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 2, Dreamers 2,
Gremayre 1, Resources 2

Glamour: 7

Banality: 5

Willpower: 5

Treasures: None

Image: Miles is "just under" 5' 9" ( or so he says— he's
actually barely pushing 5' 7") and a little on the chubby
side. He wears carefully pressed jeans (none of this "lived
in" look for Miles) and colorful paisley shirts with sports
sandals over thick woolen socks. He is apparently glued
into a woolen cap as well, and his scraggly blond hair spills
out from underneath it, lookingas if it hasn't been combed
for years. His eyes are a watery blue.

In his fae form, his hair bleaches out to white, his ears
become sharply pointed, and and his face becomes aclownish
white with a spot of red on each cheek and one on his nose
as if he'd been ona week-long drunk. He goes whole-hog on


clothing when in this form, with swirlsand curves decorating
so much of his attire that those looking at him too long or
intently might become nauseated or motion sick.

Roleplaying Hints: You are what you are. Some
people might think its a little strange that you hang out
with trolls and sluagh and eshu and run a theatrical
company. Well @*&$ ‘em!

Evangeline (Eileen

MDacNamara)

Born in the Bogside (the Catholic area of Derry) from
the union of a local girl anda black British soldier, Eileen
was kept secret for the first three years of her life. Her
mother feared that the baby might suffer or be killed if
anyone knew about her affair with one of the hated "Brits."
Eventually, hermother managed toscrape together enough
money to move to Liverpool. Eileen ran away from home
when she was I | after she discovered her faerie nature. She
returned to Ireland where she met the person who would
become her mentor and give her a direction to her life,
Doireannara of House Ailil.

Under the Unseelie commander's tutelage, Eileen
learned all the skills necessary to become the perfect spy and
assassin. She traveled to many remote areas on funds
provided by the Shadow Court and learned techniques from
various terrorist groups. Even those groups who initially
refused to deal with her because she was a woman eventually
yielded their secrets to her. Of course, enchanting them

helped. She returned to Ireland and began moving around

the countryside discovering information for the Shadow
Courtand doing the occasional wet work. So far, these have
been humans (and one vampire who couldn't fight back
because she was in torpor), but Evangeline dreads the day
when she's asked to kill a changeling. Her travels with the
Scalawags afford her the perfect cover.

Evangeline plays the part of "Egyptian royalty" to the
hilt, using kohl on her eyes, speaking in a foreign accent,
and moving in a very languorous fashion. She is always
attended by her faithful bodyguard Tully, who not only
watches over her, but fetches and carries and puts up with
a lot of teasing from her as well.

Though she iscommitted tothe cause of Ireland'sfreedom
from "the oppressive regime of the sidhe overlords," and she
certainly doesn't mind the idea of having her own barony,
Evangeline is beginning to notice that with each killing more
Banality clings to her. She truly enjoys her roles as actress,
fortune teller, dancerand storyteller with the Scalawag Players,
and genuinely likes all the people she travels with. If only
someone could infect her with a sense of right and wrong....
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Outlaw/Courtier

House: Affiliated with House Ailil
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Eshu
Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Expression 4, Intimidation 2, Intrigue 3, Kenning 3, Search
3, Seduction 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Disguise 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Perfor-
mance 3, Security 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Law 1, Linguistics (Irish
Gaelic, Arabic) 2, Medicine 2, Mythlore 2, Politics 3
Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 1, Primal 2, Soothsay 2,
Wayfare 4

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 3, Gremayre 2, Hold-
ing (3), Mentor 4, Resources | (3), Title (3). Treasure 3
Note: The numbers in parentheses indicate backgrounds
that Evangeline has been promised should she accomplish
all her mentor's tasks.

Glamour: 8


Treasures: Evangeline has been promised a barony and
several treasures when she completeshermentor'sagenda. At
present, she actually owns two treasures of her own. The first
isa bag of feathers. When placed on or under a pillow, they
assure the sleeper of a good night's rest and pleasant dreams.
The second treasure is an ever-replenishing pot of kohl that
comesall the way from Egypt. Though the eshushe gotit from
(won on a bet) swears it belonged to Cleopatra, Evangeline
isn't dumb enough to fall for that one.

Image: With her dusky skin, almond-shaped violet
eyes and midnight black silky hair, Evangeline is one of the
most beautiful non-sidhe many Kithain have ever seen.
Were her skin a little lighter, she would look a lot like the
young Elizabeth Taylor. Evangeline dresses in flowing,
Gypsy-esque clothing with an Egyptian flavor (an ankh
and a golden collar set with blue and red glass beads
reminiscent of the ones worn by the pharaohs). She moves
easily from her usual attire to the costumes used on stage
to her "fortune teller garb." When on a job, she always
disguises herself and wears black clothing similar to that
worn by ninjas (for ease of movement and concealment).

In her fae form, she is even more striking. Her hair falls
in silken waves almost to her knees, and her eyes have a
luminescent quality. She prefers to create chimerical cloth-
ing that looks like that worn by Egyptian queens (gauzy
garments, colorful jewelry, golden sandals, etc.). As the gauze
is see-through for the most part, she has quite shocked some
of the more staid members of courts from Cairo to Coleraine.

Roleplaying Hints: By day, you are one of the ever-
clever, humorous and lovable Scalawag Players. By night,
you are sometimes called upon to be someone else entirely.
You are a black cat prowling through the darkness. You
enter unseen and unheard, take what you're told is needed
or slay whoever you're asked to kill for the cause. You're
beginning to tire of the violence, though. At first, it was a
challenge, a bet you made with yourself to see if you could
do it. Lately, it's just been a bore.

Tully(Thomas Tully)

Tom Tully barely qualifies as a wilder. Born in Cork,
he was always a large child who tripped over his own feet.
The other kids made fun of him, implying that since he was
so big, his brain must be really small. He learned early on
that it wasn't acceptable to smash the ones who laughed at
him. But he could take out his frustrations on a punching
bag and dream of being a great hero.

On atrip toa small, local museum, he literally stumbled
upon a packing crate that was half-open and sitting next toa
display case. Reaching inside to make certain he hadn't
broken whatever was in there, he pulled out a magnificent
Viking helm. The Glamour within the helm enveloped him,

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

ii 4 3

triggering the beginning of his Chrysalis. A beautiful lady

found him and helped him through it. When he was well

enough, she urged him to come with her to get the training

he needed since he was apparently a very special someone

afterall. Her name was Evangeline, and she helped him learn

to be a warrior. The two of them traveled around, with him

doing strong man tricks and her telling stories, until they met

up with Miles and became part of an official traveling show.
Tully loves Evangeline fiercely, thinking of her as his

second mother. Since he knows he is much bigger and

stronger, he swore that he would always protect her. Tully

knows that Evangeline has a secret life, but he has no idea

what it entails. He believes that she isa freedom fighter for

equal rights for all Kithain, and it makes him proud to be

her personal bodyguard. He would do just about anything

to protect her.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin/Wretch

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Troll

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,

Empathy 2, Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Kenning 2


Skills: Crafts (weaponsmith) 4, Drive 2, Etiquette 2,
Melee 4, Performance 3

Knowledges: Computer 1, Law 1, Military Science 3,
Mythlore 2

Arts: Primal 3, Wayfare 1

Realms: Actor 2, Fae4

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 2, Gremayre 2, Re-
sources 1, Treaures 3

Glamour: 8

Banality: 4

Willpower: 4

Treasures: Tully hasa Viking helmet which he wears
when he thinks he'll have to go into battle. It has been
enchanted, and when worn it gives him an extra Health
Level before he becomes Bruised.

Image: As a mortal, Tully stands just over 6' 6" tall
and weighs about 230 Ibs. He has bright orange hair and
green eyes. He wears jeans, shirts, sweaters and boots, and
whatever costume Evangeline thinks is appropriate for his
appearances onstage. Tully has been trying (unsuccess-
fully) to grow a beard. Maybe when he's 15...

Inhis ming, Tully's skin takes ona bluish tinge,
his hair darkens to a deep black, and his eyes shine like
emeralds. His chimeric armor has a distinctly Nordic look
about it, and he carries a huge chimeric war axe

Roleplaying Hints: Life is lots more fun in a travel-
ing show. You get to have lots of friends, and go different
places, and show everybody how strong you are, and best
ofall, nobody laughs at you except when you're trying to
be funny onstage! Sometimes, though, you wish Miles
would buy new wheels for the caravans. You get tired of
having to hold up the whole wagon while he fixes a
broken wheel.

isp (CUitsie Brody)

Wisp refuses to divulge either her true background or
her real name. Of course, trying to elicit that information
from a pooka can be a trial in any case. A gifted singer and
instrumentalist, Wisp joined the traveling show after she
apparently wore out her welcome in Limerick. Something
about too many dirty puns in her poems...

In actuality, Wisp is on the run from her mother's
uncle Doyle, a pooka who recently became one of the
Dauntain. He knows of Wisp's changeling nature, and
is determined to "save her from herself." Uncle Doyle
was the one who saw Wisp through her Chrysalis when
she first learned that she was an Irish wolfhound pooka,
and taught her what she knows about the Kithain.
Wisp's last image of him was of a terrifyingly tall
monster looming over her with an iron-tipped club in

his hands. The frightened pooka ran as far as she could,
then hid out in the group's costume wagon. When
discovered some two days later, she begged to join the
show and has been with them ever since. They provide
a good cover, and would defend her if Uncle Doyle ever
showed up.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Orchid/Fool

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Expression 4,
Kenning 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Disguise 2, Melee 1, Performance 5, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Mythlore 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 2, Soothsay 2

Realms: Fae 3, Nature 4

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Gremayre 3, Mentor (Miles) 3,
Resources |

Glamour: 8

Banality: 4

Willpower: 3

Ti


Treasures: None

Image: Wisp looks nothing whatsoever like her
name. She is 5' 10" tall, and well-muscled, with a happy,
though not overly pretty face. She has short, shaggy light
hair that looks as though she has prematurely grayed. She
prefers big, loose shirts belted over jeans and walking
shoes. She and Tully often end up at the same place
looking for new clothes. Asa laugh (or sad jest), she wears
a spiked dog collar.

While her ears and tail are no more evident than any
Irish wolfhound's, her overall structure and facial hair (the
envy of Tully and Wilsie's bane) identify her as what she
is immediately. She doesn't have any court clothes except
the bardic costumes she wears for performances.

Roleplaying Hints: You've started to relax a little.
Maybe your uncle can't find you so long as you continue
to travel around, never staying in any one place very
long. Your playing and singing have become so much
better, honed by hours of practice and nightly perfor-
mances, that you could probably ask fora position as bard
at any court, but you like the people you're with and feel
safer staying on the move. Just remember, though, your
uncle is out there somewhere. That bump in the night
may be nothing at all, but it may very well be him coming
to get you. Take no chances.

Independencs

While nota part of any specific motley, the following
are examples of commoners that the characters are likely
to encounter while in Ireland. Shanachie travels all over
the island and could presumably meet the characters
anywhere; he might even serve as a link between stories,
with his eshu talents and bardic insight enabling him to
point the characters in the right direction. Robin is a part
of the group that is gathered around Kestry, the former
duke of Belfast, and provides a good excuse to get the
characters noticed by Kestry or Galway. Gaddy "Bull"
McDonough (and his gang of childling redcap clones)
makes a nice twist to throw against the characters when
they're relaxing in a pub somewhere.

Shanachie (James Spencer)

Born in Belfast the same year that the sidhe returned
to earth, James has lived among the Troubles all his life.
He went through his childhood and teen years completely
unaware of his faerie nature due to the unending stresses
and the Banality that were the result of those unsettled
times. Despite the madness that periodically took hold in
the city, he managed to get through university with a
degree in English and his love of stories and old tales

114 Immortal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

intact. He had always wanted to travel, and had just made
up his mind to do so when the cease-fire began in 1994.
James was swept up in the relief and renewal of dreams in
the region. Before he knew what had happened, he had
entered his Chrysalis.

Lord Galway found him and brought him to the
Brick Glade, where he emerged into his eshu nature and
learned about the Kithain. After spending a month or
so becoming knowledgeable about his other heritage,
James decided he was ready to try traveling again.
Armed with the names of a few places where change-
lings congregated, he left home for the first time. He
need not have worried about money. Everywhere he
went, his stories brought him recognition, meals, drinks
and free lodgings. He told old tales and newly created
ones celebrating both his Irish and English sides, help-
ing each group learn to better understand the other.
People began calling him "the Shanachie," after the
storytellers who used to travel through Ireland telling
tales and spreading news. The name stuck.

He has often run across two other travelers, and
whenever the three happen to be in the same spot
(which occurs more frequently than it might, since they
are all eshu), James, Richard and Jonathan all band
together and do round-robin storytelling to the abso-
lute delight of all the locals. One of them begins a story,
then breaks off in mid-sentence. The next in line takes
up the narrative, then he stops, leaving the third one to
finish the story. Each tale has to have some point or
moral to it (often a humorous or punning one). Then
they switch places and the one who went second begins.
Whoever can't hold up his part of the narrative (by vote
of the audience and the other two tellers) has to buy
each of the others a drink. Needless to say, by the end
of the evening the stories are getting very creative and
hardly intelligible.

Since 1994, Shanachie has become a noted trav-
eler. Kithain seek out the pubs where he stops for the
evening, hoping to gain Glamour from his deft
storytelling, and they are rarely disappointed, as are
mortals who have heard of his reputation. Those who
stop to give a ride to the tall dark-haired stranger are
also in luck, for he never refuses a request for a telling.
He gains in knowledge as he travels, too. Changelings
from all over the island share stories and local news with
him, and he has quickly progressed in learning Arts and
Realms as others offer to teach him in return for his
tales. Though he has not yet been asked to join the
Harpers of Erin, members of that group have been
observing him since his Chrysalis, and it is certain that
he'll be offered a spot before the year is out.


Court: Seelie
Legacies: Sage/Rogue
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Eshu

I: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,

ion (Storytelling) 5, Kenning 3, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Perfor-
mance 4, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3, History 3, Investi-
gation 2, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic) 1, Mythlore 3, Occult
3, Politics 2, Theatre 3, Theology 2
Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 2, Sovereign 2,
e4
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 4, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 5, Dreamers 4,
Gremayre 3, Resources 1, Treasures 2
Glamour: 9
Banality: 3
Willpower: 6

Treasures: Shanachie has one treasure, an enchanted
sleeping bag that keeps him dry and warm regardless of the
weather.

Image: Shanachie is tall, just over 6' and of average
weight. He has relatively short dark brown hair, a goatee
and brown eyes. He dresses in practical traveling clothes,
though he takes along a nice tunic or two for perfor-
mances. He wears a golden torque given to him by King
Bran of Leinster in recognition of his art.

In his fae seeming, his hair issomewhat longer and glints
with auburn highlights. His dark eyes glitter with the light of
the stars, and he becomes even taller. He wears no chimeric
armor; instead he carries a chimeric pennon which proclaims
him to bea true bard. So many changelings recognize him as
such (including all four of the Great Kings of Ireland), that
anyone attacking him would be hunted down.

Roleplaying Hints: Youare both dreamer and dream,
the storyteller and part of the ongoing tale. Though you
have only recently emerged from your long night of
ignorance, you have embraced your fae nature and seek to
bring the same joy to all those around you.

Rodin CDcAthscer

Robin came into her fae seeming less than six months
ago. She fainted in a shop in the city center as her
Chrysalis overcame her. Lord Galway managed to get to
herand took her back to the Brick Glade where the rest of
the city's Kithain joined him (at least the ones Galway
allows in the Brick Glade). She has been coming to terms
with her pooka heritage ever since.

Robin's mother is a writer of children's books. Her
latest work is being illustrated by Alicia Daniels, a San
Francisco-based artist noted for her fantasy-inspired paint-
ings (and incidentally, the mother of Morgan Daniels).
She has often written stories based on wild tales Robin
tellsher, and has lately been very inspired by her daughter's
newest inventions. Robin gains Glamour from her mother's
stories in return.

Though sheis young-looking forherage, appearing to be
around 10, not 13, Robin is on the verge of wilderhood. She
has a crush on Kestry, a development he is aware of to some
degree, though he doesn't realize how serious it is to Robin.
She's been plotting for some time to come up with new ways
to get him to notice her in the way she would like him to.

Robin is a regular at the Brick Glade, often stopping
there after school to do her homework and hang out. She is
especially fond of flying up into the tree in the center while
in her robin form and then swinging down asa girl. She has
been known to start a drop out of the treetop, then change
to robin form halfway down. Luckily, she hasn't been
inadvertently seen by someone as she attempts this — the

115,

Chapzer five: Commoners

Drrn
AAANGLA


results could be somewhat catastrophic! As might be gath-
ered, she is fearless in the way children can be when they
don't seriously consider the idea that they can be killed.

Strangely, Robin seems to be able to tell almost the
exact truth to those she likes. Doing so for those she doesn't
like (bullies, bores and mean-spirited people) is much
harder for her, perhaps in compensation. She is considered
a treasure by both Galway and Kestry, one of the new
childlings to emerge as the Troubles seemed to be ending.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Orchid/Riddler
Seeming: Childling
Kith: Pooka

Strength 2, Dexterity (Light Touch) 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma (Cute) 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 1
Talents: Alertness (Keen-eyed) 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 1,
Dodge 4, Empathy 1, Kenning 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 1, Performance 2, Stealth
(Light) 4, Science 1
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Mythlore 1, Occult 1
Arts: Chicanery 1, Primal 2, Soothsay 1
Realms: Actor 1, Nature 2, Scene 1
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Dreamers 1, Mentor (Galway) 3
Glamour: 7

116 Immorcal Cyes: Court of all Kings

Banality: 2
Willpower: 4

Treasures: None

Image: Robin is small for her age, slender and light on
her feet. Her hair is a pretty auburn, and her eyes change
color from green to blue to gray depending on the colors
she is wearing and her mood. She is most often seen in her
school clothes, though she likes wearing nice dresses and
also goes for the jeans and T-shirt look.

In her fae seeming, her hair becomes brilliant red, and
she has small, downy feathers behind her ears. She has yet
sion to work up chimeric court clothing. She
does, however, occasionally make herselfa chimeric brace-

to have oc

let or necklace.

Roleplaying Hints: Until recently you didn't even
know youwereafaerie child. You'dalways thought you might
be a princess in disguise, however. Now you've met other
changelings, and come to really love one of them in particu-
lar. Somehow, you have to gain his love, but youcan't lethim
know how you really feel about him. He'd just say you're too
young. He used to be the duke of the city, and was banished,
but now he's back. Even though he's a sidhe, he isn't stuck-
up. Maybe youcanshow him that youare braveand resourceful
so he'll know you can help him keep the city from "falling to
Lorenzo's depredations" (whatever that means).

Gaddy ‘Bull' COcOonough

Born in the Irish Town section of Limerick, Gaddy
was a troublemaker from the age of six, when he came
into his redcap nature. Neighbors around the McDonough
household had begun to complain about missing pets (as
well as pies from window sills, a pottery plant holder and
all the trash bin lids), by the time he decided he couldn't
live at home anymore. So at the age of 10, Gaddy now
runs his own gang — all of them redcap childlings like
himself. The other local changelings stay out of their
chosen territory except to occasionally "lose" some money,
clothing or other useful items so the kids will be able to
make it on their own. The gang, who call themselves
Bull's Bullyboys, lives together in an abandoned house.
The house is never slated for demolition, though it has
sat apparently empty for over 50 years.

Gaddy changed his name to Bull so he'd get more
respect. His gang members have chosen similarly evoca-
tive names (Cool, Killer, Demolition and Razor). Cool
lords it over the other gang members as she's the only
female. Bull lets her run with the gang because, "She's
entitled, okay?" What he doesn't tell the others is that
Cool fought him toa bloody standstill for the right — and
damn near beat him! They pull petty thefts, shake down
kids for treat money, and sneak in places for fun. Together


3

they form a clique that goes Glamour-gathering at baker-

ies, toy stores and other areas where children congregate
and dream of wonders. When annoying adults, the gang's
favorite tactic is to gorge on really vile garbage then throw
up in front of them.

He has "forgotten" to tell the rest of the gang why he
insists that someone always stay on guard during the day to
warn the others if anyone gets curious about the house. It
has to do with the vampire who sleeps in the root cellar.
Bull agreed to act as daytime guard for the renegade
Tremere, Brendan Garrity, in return fora permanent place
to live. The two hardly ever meet.

Court: Unseelie
Grotesque/Wayfarer

* Childling
Kith: Redcap
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Soci sma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Kenning 2, Search 3, Streetwise 4, Subter-
fuge 2
Skills:
Survi

Firearms 1, Leadership 2, Melee 2, Security 3,
al (Urban) 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Mythlore 1, Special Knowledge:
Movie Trivia 2
Arts: Chicanery 1, Legerdemain 4
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Holdings 1
Glamour: 6

Willpower: 4

Treasures: None

Image: Bull is just 4' tall, but heavily muscled, making
him look sort of squared off, like a tank... or a bull. He has
greasy brown hair and hazel eyes, and he dresses in cast-offs
and street chic (depending on what he can get).

In his fae seeming, he has the usual wide mouth with
lots of teeth and retains his stockiness.

Roleplaying Hints: You're in charge. Let the others
know that, and don't let them challenge your leadership.
It's your responsibility to plan targets for the gang to rob or
to arrange to sneak into the movies. You have to be smart
and think quick to lead a gang; you do both really well.
Don't let them find out about the old bloodsucker in the
basement; they might not understand. He's an all right
fellow, though. He taught you to read, though you haven't
admitted you can to the others yet.



Gallain
Liam OKeegan

Though he was born in Dublin, people have claimed
all his life that Liam O'Keegan must have been born in the
shadow of the Blarney Stone. His father was a teacher at
Trinity College, and his mother taught piano students in
the family home. Liam always had a way with words, and
quickly showed a knack for playing several musical instru-
ments. Though he was surrounded by music and poetry
from birth, he never showed any hint of his faerie nature
except for his steadfast refusal to grow any taller than 5' 3,"
his phenomenal abilities with music and one other talent
— whatever he dreamed happened.

Unknown to Liam, another clurichaun, a True
Dreamer like himself, had been made aware of his birth by
apotent dream. Carla Donnelly, custodian of the Waystone,
sensed the awakening of the one fated to carry the Eyestone
after herself, and was there when Liam entered his Chrysa-
lis during a concert when he was 15. The old grump took
the youngster on as a fosterling and arranged to "hire" him
to be the night clerk at her bookshop, a position that
required him to sleep in the store (and thus leave home).
Over the next few years, she taught him what she knew,
escorted him to the courts of commoners and kings, and


finally, when she felt that it was her time to forget her
nature and pass on into her waning years, she deeded him
the shop and entrusted him with the Waystone.

Saddened by the loss of his mentor, Liam traveled
the world. While in a Boston bar, he began to drink
heavily in an attempt to drown out the loud, untuneful
music being played by a local band. The combination of
the drink and the bad music quickly placed him in a
rather sour mood. He then noticed another fae on the
barstool next to him. Noting the extreme Banality that
clung to the man, Liam tried to bring him back to his
faerie self. The Waystone made it known to him that his
time of carrying it was over; Liam pulled it out and
handed it to the Dauntain known as Cyprian Ryder, and
the stone fused itself into Ryder's palm.

Liam has since made his way all around Ireland while
awaiting the coming of the heroes who will unlock Silver's
Gate. He is an unofficial member of the Harpers of Erin,
feeling that he couldn't be more than a sometime ally
when he might be called upon as a guide for the heroes.
While he is well-known to many Kithain all over Ireland,
he spends most of his time in Doolin, a small town on the
Clare coast that is a haven for excellent musicians. He has
a small room there where he keeps his collection of
ancient musical instruments.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Crafter/Rogue

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Clurichaun

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Expression 4,
Intrigue 2, Kenning 4, Seduction 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 2,
Melee 3, Performance (music) 5, Security 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Geography 3, History 3,
Linguistics (Irish Gaelic, French, Russian, Spanish) 4,
Medicine 2, Mythlore 3, Occult 3, Politics 2

Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 2, Primal 3, Soothsay 4
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 4, Nature 3, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 5, Dreamers 4,
Gremayre 3, Resources 1, Treasures 4

Glamour: 8

Banality: 3

Willpower: 6

Treasures: Liam owns an enchanted penny whistle.
It can be used to play tunes in any key (unlike normal
penny whistles which each have aset key). Additionally,
itcan restore three points of Glamour toa fading change-
ling for every point of Glamour Liam invests in it. The
whistle can store three points of Glamour (which can be
used as the whistle is played). This allows Liam to load it
up when he has a lot of Glamour to spare. If all three
points are used up, however, the whistle ceases to be
enchanted and becomes an ordinary (though finely made)
penny whistle. Alternatively, Liam can directly channel
his own Glamour through the whistle and into change-
ling that needs it. In this case, none of the stored
Glamour is used. Liam has been known (on occasion) to
use the whistle as a focus for creating particularly imagi-
native chimera.

Image: Liam is 5' 3" tall. He has the stocky build that
is the hallmark of his kind, looking solid without seeming
fat or blocky. His hair is a shoulder- length mop of tawny
curls, and his eyes are sparkling green. His smile is enough
tomelt the coldest heart, and he uses it often. Liam always
dresses as though he expects to be performing soon and
never looks less than his best, even when tramping about
through the woods. Though his voice is a soothing tenor,
Liam speaks with that curious Dublin accent that seems
almost nasal and adds extraneous "Ns" to words (so that
"daughter" sounds like "daunter," for example).


In his fae seeming, it is clear that he has fine, sculpted
features like a sidhe and delicately pointed ears. His eyes
sparkle even more and change from the palest clear green
to moss to emerald depending on the light.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a True Dreamer and a
servant of destiny. That doesn't mean you have to be
serious all the time, though. In fact, it's usually more fun
to engage in banter than to be endlessly straightforward.
You can be as serious as the situation demands — but not
until the situation absolutely demands it!

Selkies

For further information on selkies, see the Appendix
of Immortal Eyes: The Toybox.

The Courc of All Kings

Once the meeting place of all the royalty of Hibernia,
the Court of All Kings that lies beyond Silver's Gate is
now deserted. Even with the opening of Silver's Gate,
the great hall itself remains closed and dark, awaiting
those with the courage to explore its shadowed halls.
Rumors of far
Kithain to the Isle of Dreams now that it is accessible
once again, but whether they will succeed in evading the
y:

astic treasures will undoubtedly lead

selkie guardians of the ancient freehold, none can
With the return of Merala, the Court of All Kings hi
queen in residence again in any case.

CDerala, che Selkie Queen

A fae of great power and passion, Merala was ac-
knowledged as queen of the selkies hundreds of years ago.
Faced with the obstinacy of two sidhe, brothers who would
not allow other Kithain to pass through Silver's Gate
because of their squabbling over precedence, Merala first
begged them to give way. When they refused to hear her
pleas for her people, and she knew that the selkies were
doomed to exile from Arcadia because of the quarrel, she
cursed the brothers and laid a ban upon the gate itself that
it could only be found and opened under certain condi-
tions. Having pronounced this doom as the Shattering
reached its peak, she was caught along with the brothers
and the gate in her own potent curse.

Honored by her people and the other fae alike, Merala
was openly acknowledged as a queen in her time. No one
ever replaced her as queen. Since the time when she
became trapped beneath the waves, the selkies have never
had another monarch, only leaders of small groups. The
fate of the selkie queen has been told in tales passed down
from that time with reverence and awe.

Freed at last from her fate when the heroes and the
Hidden King cz
floor, Merala wentat once to find her people. The reunion
was brief as she then led them back to fight to keep the
Unseelie Forsworn Prince and his forces from storming
across into Arcadia. Now, she has once again taken up her
position as queen. Though greatly honored by all selkies,
she has lost a good deal of her more powerful magics in the
centuries she remained trapped, and she has much to learn
about the modern world.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Regent/Fatalist
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Selkie
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Kenning 5,
Seduction 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Boating 4, Crafts 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 4,
Melee 4, Performance 3, Stealth 2, Survival 4. Tempo-
ral Sense 3

vay
ree


Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic,
Sealspeech) 2, Mythlore 4, Politics 3

Arts: Chicanery 3, Chronos 4, Primal 4, Soothsay 5,
Sovereign 3, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 5, Nature 4, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Gremayre 4, Holdings 4,
Title 6

Glamour: 10

Banality: 3

Willpower: 7

Treasures: None at present.

Image: Sleek and dark, Merala exudes a s
though regal air. Her dark brown hair trails to mi
and her eyes are extremely dark brown, large and liquid.
She has slightly webbed hands and feet.

In her fae seeming, the webbing is more pronounced,
her hair is streaked with iridescent strands of blue and
green, and she often wears diaphanous gowns blending all
the colors of the sea. She carriesa chimeric green spear and
wears a necklace, bracelets and crown made from fine
pearls and gold coins recovered from shipwrecks.

Roleplaying Hints: At last! You are free again! No
one will ever understand how terrible it was to be confined
— apparently for eternity — with only the crumbling faces
of the horrible sidhe brothers to look at. You know you
must have slipped into a long dreaming during this time,
for your memories are of passing storms, strange faraway
noises under the sea and the everlasting wash of the tides.
Now you are queen again, and you have resumed the
guardianship of Silver's Gate. Though you intend to do
your duty as queen and protector of the trod, you yearn for
justa little time free from all cares to see a little more of this
new world in which you've awakened.

The Prodigal

Vampires

For the most part, changelings avoid vampires, as the
Banality they give off sets their teeth on edge. Some few
have dealings with vampires, but always cautiously. A few
of the better known vampires are:

Brendan Garricy

Brendan is a relatively new Kindred, having been
embraced in 1985. A 10th generation Tremere, he is a
renegade since his sire never got around to informing her
elders that she had made a childe. He is the result of an
experiment she carried out on her own, an Embraced
unAwakened mage. Foratime she taughthim secretly, but

122 Immorzal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

hunters caught up with her, and Brendan has been on his
own ever since. He has no real connections to any other
Kindred, and spends much of his time hiding out from
them (having been warned against them by his sire). He
now lives in the root cellar of an old house in Limerick,
watched over by a gang of childling redcaps. Thus far, he
has only interacted with the group's leader, whom he
taught to read and write. He is considering his options, and
might make himself known to the rest of the gang, perhaps
to try organizing them into effective spies.

Rodert de Courcy

Younger brother of the Norman knight who con-
quered parts of Ulster, Robert de Courcy isa 7th generation.
Ventrue who owns extensive holdings in both the Repub-
licand Northern Ireland. Although his principal residence
is in Dublin, he travels back and forth to Belfast, Cork and
Galway several times a year. Though he himself rarely
attends, he has a keen interest in the Rose Trials held in
Belfast each year, and has created one successful candi-
date, a blood-red double rose named the de Courcy, which
is now recognized. Though not known for what he is, "Mr.
de Courcy" is a frequent contributor to various festivals
and cultural events throughout the island. Some Ventrue
accuse him of Toreador leanings, but he claims his artistic
pursuits are investments.


The CDalkavians of Belfast

Following a Sabbat raid into the city in 1993, most
of the Kindred of Be were either killed or left in
torpor. Of those left, the great majority seem to be

ns named Malcolm. Even those who are named
ephen or Harold now tell those they meet that
are Malcolm. It is unknown whether this

an prank, or they hope to defeat

re trying to get an accurate count of

Garou

Garou presence in Ireland is mostly confined to the
Fianna, Silver Fangs and Get of Fenris. There is a sub-
stantial Glass Walker presence in Dublin and Belfast,
and scattered Bone Gnawers might be found just about
anywhere. Individual changelings (such as Kestry in
Belfast and Fiachra in Connaught) have some contact
with local Garou, but most changelings are put off by the
Garou tendency toward violence. A few of the better-
known Garou art

Dever Mckiooen

Peter is surely in the least enviable position of any
werewolf in Ireland. A lost cub of the Get of Fenris, he

first encountered Garou when some of his fellow RUC
members were attacked and slain by them in Fermanaugh.
His Ragabash auspice must serve in good stead since he
became acompanion to the former prince of Belfast, who
was recently exiled in a daring Sabbat antitribu ritual.
Having helped to defeat the Sabbat incursion, Peter is
now de facto prince of the city (in lieu of any Kindred
candidates), ruling over a number of Kindred in torpor.
Furthermore, he has just become aware of a curious group
of folk known as changelings....

The Wolfs itt Cacrn

Wolfs Hill is an actual hill outside Belfast where
the last wolf in Ireland was shot by a hunter (a former
prince of the city). Two Glass Walkers, Eff Tee and
Divis, live there as part of the Sept of the Sentinels.
They watch over a couple of Bone Gnawer tramps who
call themselves Big Mac and McNugget. A few years
ago, a subsidiary of Pentex came to Belfast hoping to
cash in on cheap labor. Kestry, then Duke of Belfast and
a friend of Divis (who runs a homeless center), helped
weave an illusion around Wolf' Hill, hiding it from
their agents. In return, he was given the Brick Glade
(since the Garou could only hold one caern and the
Glade was a minor site at best).


Oerek Ranrahan

Derek is one of the Fianna. As an airline pilot for
Aer Lingus, he is of enormous use to the IRA, for whom
he manages to smuggle in guns from the United States.

CDages

The Verbena have several covens spread around
Ireland. They often meet at some of the lesser-known
megalithic structures for rites. The Order of Hermes
has a presence in Dublin, Cork and Sligo, while the
Celestial Chorus can be found in Dublin, Armagh,
Derry, Belfast and Galway. The Technocracy has a
surprisingly small presence in Ireland, confined mostly
to Belfast and Dublin, but beginning to spread to the
West, where new industry and development are taking
ek fertile grounds
for testing their experiments before exporting the
results to larger population centers.

root. Many are Progenitors who s

CUraichs

From all the tragic stories told of Ireland, it would

seem that no one could take a step without passing
through one ghost or another. There are flourishing
Necropoli in both Dublin and Belfast, testament to
their bloody histories and large populations. The change-
lings of Hibernia have little to do with wraiths. If any
are in contact with them, it is on an individual basis.
Among the more interesting wraiths to be found in
various parts of the island are:

© The Flying Column — This group of Renegades
has made a name for itself by taking over the GPO, site
of the Easter Rising, and giving a slap in the face to the
Hierarchy. They are in contact with a Fianna Theurge
named Dierdre ni Breanainn.

© "Jenny" — This small girl appears by the side of the
road. She is dressed in rags, is terribly thin, and has green
stains around her mouth (as if from eating grass). She is a




The two stories that follow allow the characters to
become involved in the periphery of the Immortal Eyes
chronicle. If they are engaged in that epic quest, these may
be worked in among the larger story. If not, they can stand
alone and be an introduction to the Seelie/Unseelie politi-
cal situation in Hibernia. The first one, "The Parting Glass"
should be run before "Treasure Hunt." Additionally, if the
characte!
before they discover how to find Silver's Gate, and "Parting

an serve as a good introduction to Liam.

TheDarcing Glass

Oh, all the money that ere I spent, I spent it in good
company

And all the harm that ere I've done, alas 'twas done to
none but me

But all I've done for want of wit, to memory now I
can't recall

So fill to me the parting glass

Good night, and joy be with you all

— J. B. Goodenough, "The Parting Glass"

"The Parting Glass" is a brief adventure designed to tie in
with the Immortal Eyes chronicle without demanding that
the characters become deeply involved in it unless they wish.

involved in the quest, both should take place

Theme and CDood

While it has a serious aim, the mood should be
somewhat light throughout parts of the story. It begins as
a pleasant diversion in which Irish music should figure in
prominently, if possible. Though they are going to perform
a rescue, it should have something of the feel of a "lark"
about it, kind of like the crazy escapades against over-
whelming odds the Irish are so fond of. The theme is
simple: your weaknesses can always be used against you.

Background

Liam O'Keegan, a clurichaun bard known through-
out Irish changeling society for his fine music and
reputed to be a True Dreamer, has fallen prey to the
weakness of his kith for drink. A motley based in Din
Aenghus has kidnapped Liam from a pub in the town of
Doolin, on the edge of the Cliffs of Moher in County
Clare, across from the Aran Islands. They are holding
him in their freehold within the megalithic fort, where
they hope to extract from him the secret to the hidden
treasure reputed to be somewhere within the ruins.
Normally Liam might be able to extricate himself from
his predicament on his own, but his captors, knowing
the weakness of clurichaun for liquor, have made cer-
tain that he is well soused and thus unable to think or
act rationally. Additionally, they have bound him with

Chapzer Seven: Scenes


iron, which is not only painful to him, but prevents him
from exercising the clurichaun ability of disappearing
"in the twinkling of an eye."

Unless the characters are extremely altruistic (or
very bored), they should have some built-in motivation
for coming to Liam's rescue. If they are involved in the
Immortal Eyes quest, this can serve as a way for the
characters to meet up with Liam (who can provide them
with information that will further their quest). If they
have already met and befriended him, they may not
need additional encouragement. If the Storyteller sim-
ply wants to insert this adventure into her own chronicle,
she might intimate that helping Liam may result in a
number of benefits, including friends in high places.

The story begins in the town of Doolin, a small
village on the west coast of County Clare known for its
fine music. If they have previously paid their respects
to Queen Nuala, they will hear from Una Feeney, a
satyr bard from Connaught who occasionally visits
friends in the Munster court, that Doolin has "the best
music in the land." She implies that anyone who seeks
to gather Glamour from inspired musicians will find
the town a feast for the ears. She will tell them of
Doolin's three mortal pubs as well as the Pub of Plenty,
the changeling freehold and "fourth pub" in the town.
If the characters are currently pursuing some other
goal, Una will also inform them that the town's pubs
are good places to pick up information relevant to
their activities. "Where musicians gather, news is just
around the corner. The best musicians are in Doolin,
and so is the best information."

Act One: The Tune
That Came Ouc'

Scene One: Jug of Punch'

The characters arrive in the town of Doolin. If they
have been given directions, the Pub of Plenty is not hard
to find. Entertainment, however, is strangely lacking.
According to Jock O'Ryan, the clurichaun bartender,
Liam O'Keegan was supposed to perform, but has failed
to show up for his gig. While the characters wait for the
tardy bard, some local Kithain musicians strike up an
impromptu session. Since the characters have just ar-
tived and haven't yet gotten involved in anything else,
O'Ryan seeks them out and asks them to "run ‘round to
Liam's room in the back, and see if he's fallen asleep or
drowned in the wash basin." He hands them the key to
the apartment where Liam stays when in Doolin, and
tells them the building is just behind the pub.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

SNA NN
UV RADE

Scene Two: Toss the Feathers

Liam's "room," isasmall ground floor apartment, with
its own entrance, in a building which backs onto the Pub
of Plenty. Upon arriving there, the characters will notice
that the key they have is superfluous. The door is already
partway open. Entering the front room of the apartment,
they will have a few seconds to notice the general disarray
inside, as if someone tossed the place searching for some-
thing, before they are attacked by the chimera left there by
Liam's kidnappers to impede anyone looking for him.

CDorag, the Raven

Huge and terrifying, this giant raven (about 6' tall)
has feathers as black as night, sharp talons and a wicked
beak. Rather than typical beady black crow eyes on either
side of the head, however, Morag has human eyes set so as
to give the bird binocular vision. Morag has no purpose
other than to fight until she is slain or conquers. As the
room is little over nine feet in height, and there is stuff
(including some priceless antique musical instruments)
tossed about the floor, the space gets real crowded real
quick. There is not room for more than two people plus the
raven in the room. Her first attack is from above where she
was waiting against the darkened ceiling.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 1, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Intimidation 3, Dodge
4, Melee 4, Stealth 2

Willpower: 7

Morag's Brawl is used when she attempts to peck
someone. Her Melee is used when she uses her talons.

Drawn by the noise of the battle with the chimera, the
boggan landlady who lives above the apartment comes
down to investigate. She will tell the characters, once she
realizes that they are not responsible for the room's disar-
ray, that Liam was last seen headed over to O'Connor's in
the company of a scrawny sluagh.

Scene Three: The Numours of
Chiskey'

O'Connor's is one of the major gathering places for
traditional musicians in Doolin. A combination drinking
establishment and grocery store, it usually draws a young,
boisterous clientele, many of whom are musically inclined
and not ashamed to show it. Even with the crowd and the
noise, it should not be difficult for the characters to spot a
furtive-looking sluagh trying to look inconspicuous de-
spite being bothered by the volume of the music. (He is the
only other Kithain in the pub.)

°
ok

AY:


If the characters accost him and ask about Liam, the
sluagh, whose name is Sneak, will snivel a little and
finally offer to tell what he knows in exchange for dross
or money (or for free, if the characters use strongarm
tactics to intimidate him). Sneak claims that he called in
a favor to get Liam to accompany him to O'Connor's,
since the pub's bouncer refused to allow Sneak in unless
someone guaranteed at least two paid drinks for him.
Liam agreed, but before he could leave the bar, a bunch
of apparent fans approached him and urged him to have
"Sust one drink" with them. Liam refused at first, but they
acted offended and accused him of being "too high and
mighty to drink with the common folk." Finally, the
clurichaun's resolve caved in and he took one drink,
which led to another, and another. When Liam was
completely "round the bend," his drinking companions
slung him over their shoulders and carried him out of the
bar, letting slip something about catching the last ferry to
Inishmore. That was when Sneak began to realize that he
had been used as a lure, and he has been trying to make
himself scarce since then. He is afraid to leave the bar,
even to travel the short distance to the Pub of Plenty,
where he would be safe — discounting the flak from
O'Ryan for depriving him of the evening's main act.

Scene Four: "The Oogs Among
che Bushes

As the character:
follow up on Sneak's information, a group of rowdies,

leave the bar, presumably to

friends of the shanghaiers, start a fight. They are local
toughs, not changelings, and are unaware that they are
dealing with Kithain. They have no intention of doing
serious harm to the characters (broken bones do not
count with them as serious harm), but just want to
discourage them from following their friends.

The toughs (two for each person in the group):

These bully boys (and girls) carry baseball bats
(treat as clubs) and knives. They aren't subtle, but wade
right in and start fighting (unless dissuaded through
magical means). Their applicable statistics are listed
below:

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Streetwise 3, Melee 4,
Law |

Willpower: 4


Acc Two: Banish
CDisforcune'

Scene One: The Boatman'

From the information they have learned so far, it
should be obvious to the characters that Liam has been
kidnapped and probably needs rescuing. If Una has
accompanied the characters to Doolin and is still with
them, she will be all for going to Inishmore to retrieve
Liam, and will ask the characters to help if they don't
immediately volunteer to accompany her. If they seem
reluctant or think that it will be enough to report what
they have learned to O'Ryan at the Pub of Plenty, the
freehold's proprietor will offer the characters some in-
ducement to go after Liam, stating that Connaught's
King Fiachra, who values Liam as a "national treasure,"
(unlike Nuala, who doesn't seem to care for him at all)
will most likely reward them if they are successful.

Scene Two: "CDidnight on che
acer

From Doolin, the Doolin Ferry Company makes a
daily run to the Aran Islands in the winter, with more
frequent passages in the summer. Since it is important for
the characters to go that evening, they will either have
to use their Arts to convince a local ferryman to make a
special trip or they will have to find some way to get to the
island on their own. O'Ryan can give them the name of
Timmy Dwyer, an employee of the Doolin Ferry Com-
pany, stating that: "Dwyer might be persuaded to take his
own boat out to the islands for a small fee." O'Ryan or
Una will front the money for the ride if the characters are
without funds.

Dwyer should be relatively easy to locate, since he
usually spends his evenings at his home or else at one of the
pubs. When they find him, Dwyer will tell the characters
(if they ask) that he remembers bringing over a group
earlier in the evening "by special arrangement" after the
last run to the islands. Those particular passengers gave
him the shivers, and they had with them a young fellow
that was "tore out of his head with drink." They were
talking about Din Aenghus. The characters can find out
from Dwyer some basic information about the ruins if they

have not already heard of it. Dwyer will dicker for a good

price to make yet another crossing at this time of night.
Although the Storyteller may wish to stress the difficulties
of navigating even a narrow stretch of ocean late in the
evening, the trip itself should be uneventful.


N

Scene Three: Orunkards Dach'

The circular stone fort of Dtin Aenghus sits on the
edge of a 300 foot cliff by the ocean. The motley who use
it as their freehold and occasionally host the Shadow
Court there have brought Liam to its center, within the
innermost set of three concentric walls. (See Chapter
Three for more details of its design.)

Although the structure itself is easily reached, getting
past its wards will presenta problem. The primary obstacle
isachimeric maze. Characters with Enigmas may make an
Enigmas + Intelligence Roll (difficulty 8) to successfully
traverse the winding pathway that leads to the freehold's
inner sanctum without setting off an alarm (a slow, reso-
nant gong that alerts the motley). If the characters have
decided against a frontal assault (a bad idea since the fort
was constructed thousands of years ago for the express
intent of defending against such tactics), they will have to
deal with the additional problem of avoiding alerting the
residents to their presence as they near the center —
assuming they successfully evaded the gong in the outer
ramparts.

Scene Four: Day che Reckoning'

Liam's kidnappers have taken him to the stone plat-
form in the fort's center, where they have bound him with
an iron chain. There they have been threatening him with
reinstituting the practice of "human" sacrifice associated
with the place's history. Because he is bound with iron,
even though Liam has almost recovered his wits, he is
unable to make his escape.

The group's leader, a female sluagh named Nainsi, is
descended from a long line of her kith who have at one
time or another occupied Diin Aenghus. She and her
companions have been hanging out in Din Aenghus
waiting for orders from Doireannara and have gotten
bored with doing nothing.

Nainsi believes that Liamstill possesses the Waystone,
which she knows only as a great faerie treasure capable of
finding anything. (Her information is sadly out of date.)
Kidnapping the clurichaun and forcing him to find the
hidden treasure was her idea, as was tearing apart his room
when they couldn't find the stone on him anywhere. The
chimera was one she had been working on for some time.

Once the characters have breached the fort's defenses,
they will have to either battle the freehold's residents to rescue
Liam, or, if they are devious enough, concoct a sufficiently
believable story (suchas being agents of the Shadow Court) to
fool Nainsi and her mates into delivering Liam over to them.
If they have taken the time to scout the territory or if they
possess the Soothsay ability Tattletale, they will have over-
heard the interrogation going on inside the fort, and thus

Li NNON TENN OS
NFR AMG

gleaned enough information about the motley's alliance with
the Shadow Court to pull off a ruse of this nature.

A good picture of Din Aenghus is highly recom-
mended (or failing that, a picture of a similar fort) so the
characters realize what they're up against.

Nainsi and the CDocley

There should be one defender for each member of the
rescue party. If the characters use their Arts to take out
defenders and the battle is too easy, simply bring in a couple
more "hidden" ones. The pertinent statistics given immedi-
ately below should be used for Nainsi and her fellow sluagh
Trevor. The ones below thatare for the redcaps in the group.
All of them are Unseelie wilders. Half of them should be
aimed with chimerical weapons) one-quarter with real
weapons, and one-quarter with iron weapons.

Sluagh

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3, Charisma
2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelli-
gence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alert 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3,
Kenning 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4, Melee 3, Security 2,
Stealth 3, Enigmas 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 2

Arts: C
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Prop 3
Willpower: 7

anery 3, Legerdemain 3, Primal 2, Soothsay 2

Redcaps
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Kenning 2, Streetwise 3, Melee 4, Security 1, Mythlore 2,
Occult 1

Shicanery 1, Legerdemain 3, Primal 3
Realms: Fae 3, Nature 2
Willpower: 5

Scene five: "Larewell co
Chiskey'

If the characters succeed in rescuing Liam, the
clurichaun will indeed be grateful to them. He will reward
the characters by introducing them to any of his contacts
(he has hundreds), or, if they are involved in the quest for
Silver's Gate, with information that they need to continue
their search. If they were promised a reward for assisting
him, they will receive either small treasures (no greater
than level 2) or a bag of dross (worth about 5 Glamour)
from King Fiachra within two to three days. In any case,
Liam makes a "pooka's vow" never to drink again (hah!).

131

Chapzer Seven: Scenes


My Soul. I summon to the winding ancient stair;

Set all your mind upon the steep ascent,

Upon the broken, crumbling battlement,

Upon the breathless starlit air,

Upon the star that marks the hidden pole;

Fix every wandering thought upon

That quarter where all thought is done:

Who can distinguish darkness from the soul?

—W.B. Yeats, "A Dialogue of Self and Soul"

"Treasure Hunt" is an adventure that introduces the
characters to the Unseelie kingdom of Ulster, and the
factions that seek to rule there. It can be played using the
heroes from the Immortal Eyes trilogy (detailed in Immor-
tal Eyes: The Toybox) or utilizing your troupe's own
characters. Those who have played through the other two
sourcebooks will probably want to be in on the final leg of
the journey. Alternatively, you can allow Irish characters,
so long as they are not from Belfast. In the adventure, they
must somehow acquire a series of tainted treasures given to
the dukes and duchesses of the realm by King Finn's agent,
Lorenzo. If they are successful, they have the option of
becoming part of a secret organization called the Harpers of
Erin and may be able to save King Finn from his melancholy
plunge into Bedlam. The adventure assumes that the char-
acters are Seelie or not actively part of the Shadow Court.

If they are part of that illustrious group, it might be run
so the party backstabs the contact who first told them of
the treasures and tries to acquire them for themselves. In
this case, the contact (Lorenzo) simply tells them that
there area number of treasures and offers to split them with
the characters if they help him get hold of them. He
doesn't mention that the treasures are tainted or cursed...

Alternatively, if they are active in Hibernia's Shadow
Court, the characters might have been sent by Doireannara
to find out why Lorenzo is trying to take away the tainted
treasures he so carefully placed with the nobles to start with.

Theme and QDood

"Treasure Hunt' is intended to mislead the characters
and make them question which side they are actually on,
orrather, which side is actually telling them the truth. The
mood is serious, the stakes quite high. The characters are
being asked to go and beg, borrow or steal faerie treasures
from the noble rulers of Ulster. That this is for their own
good makes no difference. Technically, these are gifts from
their monarch, and the characters could get in a lot of
trouble — assuming they aren't bested somewhere along
the way, stripped of their Glamour, and left to wonder
what on earth they're doing in Antrim..."

Immorcal Eyes: Courc of all Kings

The Background

The king without his sword... the land without its king!

—Sir Lancelot, Excalibur

The story of King Finn's slide into his Unseelie nature
and Bedlamis told underhisentry in Chapter Four. Lorenzo's
role in the affair is detailed under his entry there as well.
Kestry, Lord Galway and Doireannara can be found there,
and Robin is listed in the chapter on commoners. The story
in short: King Finn sent Lorenzo to the various nobles of
Ulster offering them gifts, unique faerie treasures that were
filled with tainted Glamour. When they accepted the
treasures, they became ensorcelled and began to change
toward their Unseelie natures. Though the treasures were
once positive, sealing dark Glamour into them changed
each one, exacting a price for their beneficial effects. Thus,
using them can cause great harm. Unfortunately, with
repeated use comes the compulsion to continue using them.
The one noble who refused the gift was Duke Kestry of
Belfast, leader of the Harpers of Erin, who was later stripped
ofhistitleand his Glamourandexiled after dueling Lorenzo.
Lorenzo is now Duke of Belfast. It is he who contacts the
characters asking them to help him regain those treasures.

Unknown to Lorenzo, the geas placed on him to aid the
cause of House Balor is at work. Lorenzo has been charged
with getting the treasures away from the nobles not to help
them, but to cripple them and make a takeover by Balor
easier. He is to take the treasures (which the Unseelie house
hopes each noble is addicted to) and hold them for ransom,
use them to blackmail their owners or simply withhold their
use until House Balor controls each duchy (from behind the
throne, of course). Lorenzo has managed to convince him-
self that he is doing what both Finn and Doireannara want
in removing the treasures, but he's dead wrong. Their
displeasure with his actions may be useful in helping the
characters should they get caught stealing the treasures.

Customizing the Scory

"Treasure Hunt" is a skeleton story. By that we mean
that although the basic story and some details have been
included, we have left the actual statistics to the Storyteller
to supply. There are several reasons for this: The adventure
ranges over many of the duchies of Ulster, meaning there are
far too many nobles to detail each one; there is also the
annoying matter of scenarios that are too strong or too weak
for the Storyteller's individual troupe. Some groups may
enjoy going the sneaky route, attempting to burgle the
frecholds while others will want to use diplomacy, tackle the
nobles in frontal assaults to grab the treasures, or even issue
honorable challenges with the treasure asa prize in the event
that they win. Undoubtedly, there will be other variations as


no troupe is the same as another. It is best to mix all these
methods up unless your troupe is very single-minded.

Names, locales and some hint of the best approach for
each are given, but except for the main Storyteller characters
(Lorenzo, Kestry, Lord Galway, Robin, and even Finn and
Doireannara, if you wish to include them) the Storyteller is
free to assign to the opposition whatever traits she thinks will
challenge her players. A good rule of thumbis to have singular
opponents be strong enough to seriously challenge any two or
three player characters. If there are more than three charac-
ays an option and should be added as
needed and common sense would dictate.

ters, henchmen are a

Finally, although some of the treasures have been
detailed, a few have not been so that the Storyteller can
generate treasures the characters might be especially

tempted by. Ah, greed — the bane of many a character.

Nodles, Treasures and

-reeholds
Under

with what treasure the noble received. Ideas on the best

h duchy, the noble ruler is detailed along

approach to take in getting the treasure back are men-

tioned as well as some of the obstacles to doing that.

¢ Emain Macha is the court and freehold of King
Finn of Ulster. He also holds the title of Duke of Emain

Macha. The duchy of Emain Macha is small, stretching
out perhaps two miles from Navan Fort itself. It incorpo-
number of ancient sites and approximately 100
mortals, many of whom Finn enchants as he needs them
to assist with festivals and other courtly affairs. The only
Kithain in the duchy are King Finn and his entourage
(some six knights, two of them trolls). Finn also has a
pact with the Fianna, granting them the rights to several

rates

caerns in Ulster, and three of them serve as his personal
his stronghold. The
treasures originally came from Emain Macha and are

bodyguards whenever he

tainted with Finn's dark Glamour.

© Belfast is the largest, most populous duchy in
Ulster. Until recently it was ruled by Duke Kestry of
House Liam. He dueled Lorenzo to stop the Ravaging of
Lorenzo's toadies, a group that call themselves the Vi-
kings. Both were exiled for a year, but Lorenzo was then
awarded Belfast as his duchy and Kestry was ousted.
Lorenzo has taken over a manor house on the outskirts of
the city, while Kestry is homeless and sometimes stays in
the Brick Glade with his loyal friend Lord Galway. Kestry
is attempting to rule the city from the streets to keep
Lorenzo from tearing the city apart. Lorenzo has no
tainted treasures. Lorenzo can call upon his bodyguard, a
sidhe named Folly and four to eight Ravagers (the Vi-


© Antrim produces more Glamour than the rest of the
kingdom, containing as it does the Giant's Causeway and
the lovely Antrim coast, site of over a dozen small glens.
Itis ruled by Eoin Connor, Duke of Antrim, an aging sidhe
who is close to King Finn. He gives the king large amounts
of dross, and has received several small treasures in return.
The dross from the causeway has changed in the last few
years. Where it once consisted of small, hexagonal crys-
tals, it now appears in the form of tourist trinkets, a sure
sign that something is amiss with the causeway. The
tainted treasure that Eoin has is the Mead Cup of
Everflowing. Basically, it is an enchanted goblet that
provides a cupful of rich, honeyed mead whenever it is set
down and picked up again. The drawback is, of course,
even the tiniest sip makes the imbiber roaring drunk.
Naturally, he doesn't realize this and takes great offense at
anyone suggesting that he might be intoxicated. It's not
nice to insult the duke in his own home.

The duke lives in the small village of Armoy a few
miles inland from Ballycastle, where he has a small
mansion. Protection for the duke is provided by several
chimeric men at arms and his own talent with a sword.
Honorable to a fault, Eoin will react most favorably to a
sporting challenge or series of contests — unless he's
been drinking, when he becomes a lot less sociable.

© Down, ruled by the fair Duchess Aishling (Ash-
leen) O'Brennan, is a duchy of beautiful hills and
mountains. Several sources of Glamour, mostly ancient
burial sites, are scattered across the Drumlin country.
The Mourne Mountains contain hidden valleys where
dross grows as faerie rings. She rules with a gentle hand
from her court in Castlewellan Forest Park, though she
lives on her family's farm near Downpatrick without
pretensions or grandeur. She has no protections other
than her four brothers, two uncles and a really feisty aunt.

Duchess Aishling's treasure is the Ebon Nightin-
gale, a clockwork bird made of gold and ebony that sings
so beautifully that all who hear it lose a point of Banality.
The song lifts the heart and erases cares. This property is
usable twice a month (at the waxing and waning quarter
moon). The drawback is the hearer can become depen-
dent on the nightingale for a "quick fix." If used more
often than twice a month, the nightingale not only fails
to remove Banality, but tends to encourage a slackening
of the hearer's wits as he or she puts aside all cares to
listen to the dulcet tones of the bird. Aishling has not
been affected yet. She will probably require some sort of
quest in exchange for the treasure (to prove the group's
worth), since she is not yet addicted.

¢ Armagh is ruled by Duke Richard O'Reardon,
who resides in the County Museum in Armagh city.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

Usually a wise, quiet and thoughtful sidhe, he is in the
unenviable position of ruling a duchy that contains
another duchy within its boundaries (Emain Macha).
There is little Glamour found in Armagh except for that
generated by the king's stronghold. Richard is protected
by locked doors and guards who patrol the museum as
well as his own potent cantrips. The treasure he received
is a ring called the Ring of Wrath. It can generate storms
and send out bolts of lightning (not a pretty picture ina
museum!). He has tried it a few times outside. The
drawback is, he is finding it harder and harder to rein in
his temper. In fact, he will not give up his treasure
without a fight.

© Fermanagh is a small, but very beautiful duchy
with hills in the southwest and the grand twin Loughs
of Erne. Between the Loughs is the entrance to a long
cavern complex known as the Marble Arch Caves. This
is where Duchess Sally Kelly both lives and holds her
court. There is a powerful source of Glamour in the
caves, which Sally uses to hold in check a dangerous
chimera that lives in the Loughs. Apparently left from
a more powerful time, it has taken on a life of its own
and occasionally drags mortals and changelings down
to the cold depths below. If the characters want her
treasure, they will have to defeat the chimera or per-
suade it to go elsewhere.

Knowing her love of peaceful solutions to vexing
problems, Lorenzo gave Sally the Golden Glass Bell. A
small, golden-colored glass bell with an equally tiny
mallet, the bell can be clearly heard in a nearly 500 feet
radius, thick walls permitting. When struck, the bell
sounds a note so pure that all who hear it must pause to
listen to the clear, vibrant sound. It has the property of
"clearing the air," or making those who are angry or
engaged in arguments stop and reconsider, even if only
fora moment, why things seem so difficult and unpleas-
ant. This may give others the chance to jump in and
defuse their anger or solve the argument. The drawback
is, those who hear the bell more than once a month
begin to lose their ability to feel deep emotion. They
lose love and hate, then liking and disliking, annoy-
ance, pleasure and finally any feelings at all. Sally has
fallen prey to this (as might be noted by her sending the
characters to face a monster).

¢ Tyrone, a fief in the heart of Ulster, contains the
Sperrin Mountains, where recent discoveries of large
gold deposits have sparked dreams of prosperity. Known
for its music and talented poets and writers, it is ruled by
Duke Jon Montrose from his court at the Beaghmore
Stone Circles outside Cookstown. Montrose also keeps
a manor house in town. Always one to look for advan-


tages in battle, Montrose eagerly accepted the Cap of
Fading, a bright green cap that when donned makes the
wearer fade from view (over the period of about a
minute) until he is invisible. Once the cap is removed,
the wearer slowly fades back into view. The drawback
is, after the cap has been used three times, each time it
is donned by the same person, he fades a little more. He
becomes a little less solid and real around the edges, a
fact which may not be apparent to the user himself. Ifhe
continues using the cap, he becomes transparent, like a
ghostly apparition, and can no longer leave his fae
seeming, dooming him to Bedlam. Montrose has used
the cap several times and is on the edge of becoming
transparent for good. He is loathe to give up his trea-
sure, despite the harm it is causing and may demand
another treasure in its place.

© Derry varies from stormy sea coasts to wild
mountains to peaceful valleys. It also holds the city of
Derry, where Duchess Geraldine Quigley has her manor
house. Despite the city's tumultuous past, there are
efforts underway to inspire new dreams there. Con-
cerned for the welfare of her people, Geraldine was
overjoyed to receive the Soup Stone, an enchanted
stone that makes a nourishing and delicious soup when
added to water. The stone will fill a kettle with six
quarts of soup once per week. Though it will sustain
mortals, they should not eat the soup more than once a
week or they will become enchanted. The drawback is,

fae who eat the soup every week for a month find that

other food no longer has any taste. They can only be
satisfied with the soup from the stone which, while
somewhat nourishing, cannot take the place of a bal-
anced diet. Refusing to eat any other food, achangeling
could starve herself to death. Geraldine is currently
much thinner than she should be... nonetheless, she
will fight the characters tooth and nail (very unlike her
nature) to keep the stone, as she is utterly addicted to
the soup. She has lots of supporters who would do
anything to protect "the dutch."

© Cavan is quiet, dreamy and unspoiled, with few
people and fewer tourists. Brian Molloy, the Duke of
Cavan rules from his chimeric freehold beneath the
standing stones known as Fionn MacCumhail's Fingers.
Brian and his duchy are so quiet that no one remembered
to give him any treasures, so he is completely free of
Unseelie influences. He would make a good ally (and
possible protector) for the characters in their quest to
save the duchies. He has been worried for some time
about King Finn's behavior.

© Donegal encompasses the Gaeltact's moun-
tains, moors and bogs and rich pasturage as well as


impressive Atlantic sea coasts. The duke, Sean Cianan,
lives in the village of Glencolumbkille and often slips
into Glenlea faerie thorpe incognito. Feel free to
generate a treasure that your players would appreciate.
Sean is protected by a sworn company of six trolls.
Furthermore, any sort of disturbance in the tiny vil-
lage of Glencolumbkille is bound to be noticed.

* Monaghan has gentle, rolling hills, rich farm-
land and a profusion of copper beech trees. Duchi
Moira Hanrahan's estate lies on the outskirts of
Carrickmacross, a town famous for its handmade
lace. Any treasure you think would be appropriate
can be detailed here. Moira is noted for her expertise
in things occult, and is rumored to often entertain a
mysterious visitor who is probably one of the Prodi-
gals (a vampire). The truth? He is her brother, a
Toreador who was Embraced only a few years ago.
Nonetheless, he'd be very angry if anyone bothered
his little sister...

The Baic and Suncch

Lorenzo approaches the characters and asks for
their help in freeing the nobles of the land from the
tainted treasures they have been given. He explains
that King Finn has been ill and that the treasures were
inadvertantly poisoned. Lorenzo asks the characters
to retrieve the treasures and bring them back to him,
claiming he knows how to cleanse them (he's lying).
Once they have succeeded in bringing back one or two
treasures, Kestry gets wind of what is happening and
gets in touch with them.

Kestry tells the characters that Lorenzo is
reponsible for handing out the treasures to begin with
and is probably up to no good. He asks the characters
to get the treasures and bring them to him rather than
turning them over to Lorenzo. At this point they need
to decide who to believe.

Simply gaining possession of the treasures is not

enough to cure the nobles of their influence, al-
though Lorenzo claims that this Kestry knows
that the items need to be destroyed to free their
owners of taint. Since, hopefully, they have already
turned over at least one or two treasures to Lorenzo,
they will have to get them back if they decide to
trust Kestry.

Lorenzo, meanwhile, has discovered that Kestry is
sticking his nose in, and has taken a hostage to force
him to stop interfering: Robin, the little pooka who is
under Kestry's and Galway's protection. If nothing
else convinces the characters that Kestry is the trust-
worthy one, this should. As Lorenzo is guarded by


Folly (who owns a chimeric rifle like Lord Galway's),
four trolls and four redcaps, Kestry needs some help to
rescue the little girl.

Anytime things seem to be getting dull, you can
always have either Finn or Doireannara discover what
Lorenzo is up to. Strange, momentary alliances might
easily give way to betrayal and backstabbing. Once it
is clear that Lorenzo is acting under geas (and has been
enchanted to forget why), they will be a little more

understanding, but still understandably annoyed. If
the characters managed to retrieve the majority of
treasures and destroy them (by blade, fire and water),
the nobles may be persuaded to band together to help
Finn regain his Seelie nature and his mind. That is an
epic struggle in and of itself. Should they reach this
point, nice rewards should come their way. Then
again, if they weren't working for her, they've made an
enemy of Doireannara, no matter what they do.



Clurichaun (CLOOR-uh-cohn)

"Always after me Lucky Charms!?" Gack! Somebody
strangle that thing!

—Liam O'Keegan, well-known clurichaun bard

Popular myth speaks of leprechauns, those small, round-
to the noble fa
gold rather than see a ha'penny of it spent or lost. Lepre-

bellied shoemak es, who hid their pots of
chaunsare arguably the most well-known faeries in existen
Throughout the world they are recognized on sight as the
bearded little men dressed all in green with buckled shoes,
curved pipes in their mouths and a jug of whiskey close at
hand. Along with shamrocks, they have become a symbol of
all that is most touristy about Ireland and things Irish.
Clurichaun aren't actually like that at all, though
they made the mistake of fostering that notion in mortal

heads, and it has clung to them ever since. Though they
are considered Gallain, clurichaun feel that they are just
‘one more type of commoner. They are really only present
in large numbers in Ireland, but they do have a point when
they claim that a few of them have made the transition to
areas where the Irish immigrants are plentiful. If the
Kithain of Boston or Chicago or Toronto or Melbourne
don't realize they have clurichaun among them, well, they
just aren't looking hard enough, are they?

Clurichaun are endearing kith who both excel at
revelry and can hold their own when given responsibilities.
They love a good time and work hard to make sure everyone
enjoys themselves. Pooka have nothing on clurichaun in
the joke department, though clurichaun jokes tend to be

Appendix: Treasures and Timelines


less bitter and manic. Clurichaun have a talent for fitting in
and smoothing things over. They always seem to be aware
of the changing currents in any social situation, and Seelie
clurichaun use these insights to say and do the right thing
at the right time. They are very responsive to the needs of
the moment, and can be trusted to live up to any responsi-
bilities or duties placed upon them.

Not that they don't annoy other Kithain sometimes.
Those who are Unseelie use their talent to do exactly the
opposite of what is indicated. If silence is called for, they
delight in being loud and obnoxious; if a few stern words
might serve to stop a party that's gotten out of hand, they
pour oil on the fire, becoming more wild than the most
outrageous partygoer.

All the above goes right out the window the minute
they imbibe any alcoholic beverage. Once they start,
they just can't quit, and they draw farther and farther
into themselves, brooding on all the cares of the world.
When drunk, Seelie clurichaun become maudlin, get-
ting teary-eyed and sloppy. They can get passionately
sentimental over what they had for breakfast that morn-
ing, holding it up as the never-to-be-found-again ideal
of all Irish breakfasts that ever were. The Unseelie just
get mean. They hate the whole world, and they don't
care who knows it. Anyone who gets in their way when
they're in this state had better move or be able to stomp
them flat before the clurichaun tear them a new... well,

you know. This is why many Kithain (especially those
who know little else about clurichaun except for their

reputations as sots) view them with suspicion and nota
little aggravation. No doubt the clurichaun became so
proficient at disappearing in "the twinkling of an eye"
in response.

Though they like to think of themselves
all-trades, they are particularly adept musicians. They
widely acknowledged as preeminent bards, and even the
least talented clurichaun can pick up an instrument and
produce a few chords or pick outa simple tune. Clurichaun
are insatiable when it comes to music, dance and tales,
soaking them up like sponges and adding to their reper-
toires anything new, be ita dancestep, turn of phrase, joke,
amusing tale or musical passage. Harking back to their
Celtic roots, clurichaun have prodigious memories and
often act as traveling bards.

Beginning clurichaun characters cannot assign more
than 3 dots to any one Ability except Performance (even
using freebie points). This reflects their eclectic outlook
on life. In general, clurichaun rarely improve one Ability
without then becoming bored with the concentration and
moving on to learn more about something else. This serves

them well in their bardic capacities, as they always seem to
know at least a little bit about everything.

They bring the same intensity to their other great
love — collecting. Sometime between being a childling
and becoming a wilder, clurichaun usually become fasci-
nated by a particular thing, be it matchstick models,
shiny rocks, handwritten poems of minor poets, record-
ings of every traditional group in Ireland, pictures of
clouds, muffin pans or Hollywood scripts. Whatever
attracts the clurichaun becomes a lifelong fascination
and object for collecting. Pity the poor clurichaun who
doesn't realize his faerie nature before he's a grump. All
that collecting time lost! So much to make up for! While
they won't go to suicidal lengths or betray their friends
(well, most won't) to obtain marvelous examples of their
chosen collectible, they will do almost anything else to
get it. Legends of clurichaun hoarding pots of gold came
from this curious practice, and probably account for their
relative paranoia about letting just anyone view their
precious collections.

Appearance:

Clurichaun rarely grow above 5 feet 5" tall. Their
bodies are compact and muscular, giving the impression
that they are stocky and solid. Their features, while almost
always good-natured, change greatly depending on their
seeming. Their ears are pointed, but smallerand less notice-
able than those of the sidhe. Clurichaun usually have red or
tawny colored hair and green or blue eyes that slant slightly
upward at the outer edges. In modern times, clurichaun who
have emerged in black families tend to have reddish tints to
their hair and hazel or light brown eyes.

Rather than wearing the green jackets, kneepants
and hats popular a century ago, clurichaun tend to don
more normal clothing. They do have a decided prefer-
ence for green, gray and brown, however, earthy colors
that allow them to disappear in natural surroundings.
Clurichaun craftspeople wear sturdy workclothes and
craft aprons, while musicians prefer jeans and T-shirts
with leather jackets. When they go to court, they
usually construct chimerical clothing that is vaguely
medieval-looking so they'll blend in with the crowd.
Regardless of whatever else they wear, they always have
a little bit of green in their attire — a ribbon, a belt, a
coat or cloak, a hat or a green stone set in a ring. Only
the clurichaun know why, but others theorize that they
accepted some sort of geas long ago that demands the
"wearin' o' the green." Additionally, clurichaun prefer
gold jewelry such as torques, heavy rings and Celtic-
style cloak pins.


Fs shops or pubs. A very few accept posts as court

Seemings: , :

g bards. Whether travelers or sedentary, all
© Childlings are always extremely cute,

with chubby red cheeks and twinkling bright
eyes. Their ready smiles win the hearts of
everyone they meet. Childlings usually show
great interest in several crafts or creative
skills (such as pottery making, sewing, sing-

clurichaun have some place they call their
own where they store their collections. Only
their most trusted friends are invited to their
homes since they have often spent their lives
accumulating just the right collectibles and have
a horror of seeing them gnawed by a hungry redcap

ing, etc.). Their voices are bell-clear, and they
always sing in tune.

@ Wilder are slightly older versions of
the childlings except that their cheeks are
not so rosy and chubby. Their faces, while
still somewhat broad, have matured into
rakishness. Their eyesare very bright. Many
wilders start collections which they will
add to throughout their lifetime. Most
clurichaun have mastered at least one
instrument by this time whether they
were previously aware of their faerie
nature or not. 1

@ Grumps are most like the
popular conception of leprechauns.
Clurichaun grumps have faces that
look like dried apples—all wrinkles
and creases, most of them laugh
lines. Their bright eyes are lost in
folds of skin as their eyebrows
become bushy (yes, even the
women's). The males often
grow beards. As grumps settle
into their roles as elders, they
focus more fully on their col-
lections, and their
accumulated "treasures" (as
they call them) are lovingly
displayed in their homes.

Grumpsare honored among
the clurichaun as reposito-
ries of ancient songs.

Lifescyles:
Clurichaun can be

found traveling about play-

ing and singing, storytelling,

as members of repertory com-
panies, making the craft show
circuit or as tinkers (who call
themselves the travelers,

not tinkers, by the way).
Some prefera more settled

life and own their own craft

or used as juggling balls by a pooka.

Affinicy:

Actor

Birchrighcs:

© Twinkling of an Eye —

Clurichaun have a talent for dis-

appearing from potentially

troublesome situations. Should

someone take his eye off a

clurichaun (if only for a mo-

ment), the wily fae can

disappear into the nearest

cover so quickly that it's im-

possible for anyone to find her.

One minute she's there, the next

she's gone! They can effect

this trick even if being

grasped by someone, but not

ifthey themselvesare blind-

folded (or otherwise unable

to see) or if bound with iron.

@ Insight — Whenever

aclurichaun is ina social situ-

ation (i.e, when not alone),

she can roll on her Charisma +
Empathy (difficulty 7) to

what the most appropriate

2% response to it is. She can

® 4 then say the right thing ot

* "perform the correct actions

, Lh (che player may need a judi-

cious Storyteller hint or two)

to smooth things or make the

situation more pleasant. Unseelie

may, of course, do or say the oppo-

site of whatever is indicated if it

suits them. (Note: This does not

take the place of good roleplaying. If

a player is misusing the Birthright by

constant overuse, she's probably burned

out the talent for awhile.)


¢ Tippling— Clurichaun have a terrible time resist-
ing alcohol, and whenever they tipple, they undergo a
change. Those of the Seelie persuasion become maudlin
and incapable of anything but singing sad songs and telling
sad, often pointless, tales. To take action when in this
state, a clurichaun must make a Willpower roll (difficulty
8). Unseelie clurichauns evince extreme cruelty. Their
jests are barbed, their stories and humor bitter and angry.
Unseelie clurichaun must make a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 8) whenever they drink alcohol to avoid picking a
fight with the nearest person (or group).

Cuoze:

"Let me play you the tune, and see if you can chime in
with the words. Um, by the way, you'll not be needing that
(insert name of desired collectable), will you?"

Ouclook

© Boggans — Wonderful Kithain who under-
stand both the idea of crafting and of keeping a hand
in during social situations. Steady.

© Eshu — Fantastic storytellers if youcan ever get
one of them to stay in one place long enough to hear
the whole thing.

* Nockers — These sourpusses are what gave
people the idea that clurichaun were all bad-tempered
shoemakers. Well, if the shoe fits...

* Pooka— When they're in the mood fora bit of
fun, they can't be beat for companionship, but some of
their pranks can be downright deadly.

© Redcaps — Bullies and cutthroats, the lot of
them. Best avoided.

© Satyrs — The true scholars among the fae, all
too often, they are dismissed as nothing more than
randy hedonists.

* Selkies — A group that has been ignored for far
too long. And nice to look at.

© Sidhe — Well, la-di-dah, the kings have come
again. Let me dust off the throne for you there, Your
Majesty. Oh, and mind you don't trip over the Lia Fail
‘on your way. Seriously, though, they do bring a bit of
needed nobility back on the scene.

© Sluagh — It's hard to like these slithery folk, but
they have some fabulous stories to tell, if you can get it
‘out of them.

* Trolls — Rock-hard and true-hearted, despite
their Viking origin.

Immorcal Cyes: Courc of all Kings

‘Treasures

The Immorcal Cyes

Facing each other across the gate, they locked eyes ina
battle of wills. Even as their bodies paid the toll of the
Glamour they expended, the orbs in their faces grew harder
and harder, until they glowed with malice like four cold,
translucent gems.

—Jackie Cassada, Shadows on the Hill

As Silver's Gate was closing, two sidhe brothers (one
Seelie, the other Unseelie) fought to determine whose
people would go through first. Their stubborn battle kept
many of the commoners from escaping the Shattering
through this last trod. Angered by her people's enforced
exile, Merala, queen of the selkies, pronounced this curse
upon the brothers and the Gate:

"As your hatred has turned your hearts to stone, so let
your outward forms reflect the hardness within. As you
have kept us from returning to the Dreaming through this,
the last gateway to Arcadia, so let this portal remain
hidden from your kind and any fae who serve your kind
until the inheritors of your legacies can face each other
across its portals with love in their hearts."

The brothers changed into stone statues, their eyes
becoming gemstones which fell from their heads. These
gems, known alternately as the Eyestones and the Immor-
tal Eyes, were sent to safety among the commoner groups
friendly to the selkies.

The Seelie Eyes
The Keyscone

The Keystone, also known as the Eye of Opening, is
an emerald. Given to the guardianship of the nockers, it
opens anything it touches, regardless of whether the
object is simply closed or securely locked and warded. It is
powerful enough to open portals that lead to other realms,
so long as those portals are not barred on the other side as
well. Its true power, however, lies in its ability to open up
the hearts of people and asa means of uncovering informa-
tion that has been locked away or forgotten. It is a
stimulator of memories.

System: Consider the user of the Keystone to auto-
matically succeed if a point of Glamour spent to open a
locked or closed door, portal, or other item. These suc-
cesses are added to a normal Dexterity + Security roll.
Additional Glamour may be channeled through the stone
to lower the difficulty to.as low as 3 for any attempt to open


ssession of the Keystone, its holder cannot botch any
Security roll involving opening something. For purposes
of uncovering information, the Keystone adds two suc-
cesses to any roll involving Knowledges or Kenning. It
confers the equivalent Gremayre 5 on the bearer (subject
to Storyteller discretion). The Keystone has been known
to trigger a changeling's Chrysalis by its mere presence.

The Wlayscone

The Waystone, adeep blue sapphire, was given to the
clurichaun. It is both a pathfinder and a locator, leading its
user to the place she needs to be or the object or person she
needs to find. It also has a deeper use in that it will often
lead people to their destinies.

System: The Waystone automatically succeeds in
leading its user to the person, place or object of her intent
The player must make a roll on her character's current
Willpower (difficulty 7), however, to determine just how
direct a route (both in terms of time and in terms of
obstacles encountered) the stone chooses to take. Three
or more successes indicates that the journey from point A
topoint Bis relatively quick and painless, while one or two
successes denote either slight delays or a more circuitous
path to the goal. No successes results in a period of
apparently aimless wandering before finally reaching the
desired person, place or thing. A botch indicates a disas-
trous journey and the possibility of arriving on the scene
at just the wrong moment

The Unseelie Cyes

The Changescone

The Changestone, afiery ruby, was given to the satyrs

to guard. It confers the power to change its holder's
appearance in the mortal world and tends to alter circum-
stances in the favor of its user (sometimes to the detriment
of those around her). Its real magic lies in its ability to
transform someone into his or her true self — restoring
sucha one to his or her faerie nature. Some believe that the
Changestone can even reverse the process of mortal aging.

System: The user of the Changestone has access to
Primal 5 (Elder-Form), and the following Soothsay effects:
Fair Fortune, Boil and Bubble, and Fate Fire. The user may
invoke these powers without the necessity of performing
Bunks, but a point of Glamour must be spent when the
Changestone is so used against non-fae. If the holder of the
Changestone has her faerie nature stripped away by chi-
meric damage or proximity to cold iron, the Changestone
replaces her lost Glamour at the rate of one per hour until
she recalls her true nature.

Appendix: Treasures and Timelines


The Shadowstone

The Shadowstone, a black opal, was entrusted to the
menehune of Hawai'i. It has the power to absorb and
transform Banality and increases the user's ability to act
"in the shadows," i.e., by stealth and in darkness. When
used by those who understand the true interplay between
Banality and Glamour, the Shadowstone can purify a
changeling, cleansing her of all Banality without the
unfortunate side effect of causing Bedlam. In some ways, it
is the most powerful and dangerous of all the stones,
inevitably corrupting all but the strongest personalities
through inuring them to Banality's harshness. It sends
dark dreams as well.

System: The Shadowstone can absorb as many points
of Banality as the user has current Glamour (in effect,
doubling the Glamour of the user while reducing her
Banality rating accordingly). It also confers Stealth 5 and
Subterfuge 5 on the user. The Storyteller may require the
holder of the Shadowstone to make periodic Willpower
rolls (difficulty 7) to avoid slipping into her Unseelie
Legacy if this power is used to excess or in a spurious
fashion. The holder of the Shadowstone may spenda point
of Glamour to send troubling dreams to someone she
knows and can invoke "waking nightmares," extremely
strong and realistic hallucinations, in others by spending
two points of Glamour and accepting a point of temporary
Banality herself. Such nightmares can be used to torture
others (such as the torture Yrtalien inflicted on Glynnis or
the pain he caused Chevalier).

A botch on any roll when attempting to use the
Shadowstone results in the user experiencing a Nightmare
at some appropriate time during the story.

The Four Gems

All four of the Immortal Eyes serve to enhance the
innate power of their users, an effect which is cumulative.
They can be used by a single person to greatly magnify her
ability to use her Arts, or they can be used jointly among
oathmates. Because the stones are so "charged" with
Glamour, they protect their users from ambient Banality.
Using even one of the stones as a shield will enable one of
the true fae to withstand the ravages of the mortal realm
fora limited amount of time. Once the stones have been
brought together in one place, they become attuned toone

another and, if subsequently separated, can be used as

homing beacons, enabling the possessor of one of the
stones to find any of the other three stones.

System: So longas they have access to any Glamour
at all, the stones' supply of Glamour is relatively inex-
haustible. (In other words, they don't "run out" of
Glamour.) Anyone possessing one of the stones may


double her temporary Glamour rating (even if this causes
it to exceed 10). Possessing two stones triples a
changeling's current Glamour, three stones gives her
four times her normal rating, while holding all four
stones together gives her five times her normal Glamour.
(Yes, they are powerful!) If the stones are shared among
an oathcircle, the extra Glamour becomes part of a
"pool" that can be drawn from by any of the oathmates to
power their cantrips or replenish their own.

When used as a shield against Banality, treat each
stone as if it has a Glamour of 10 for rolls versus the local
Banality of a person, place or object. The difficulty for

ward off the effects of Banality when using one of the
Eyestones as a shield.

In order for the stones to attune themselves to one
another, they must be brought together in one place for
at least 24 hours. After that, the stones will automatically
locate their companion stones regardless of the distance
that separates them.

On the surface, the Unseelie gems (the Changestone
and the Shadowstone) appear to be more powerful than
their Seelie counterparts (the Keystone and the Waystone),
but this power is deceptive. The Seelie gems work more
subtly and gently, and therefore more permanently. Their
power is enduring and compassionate; the Unseelie gems'
power is overwhelming and ruthless.

Together the stones are meant to find the gate,
open it, cleanse those who hold them of their taint of
Banality, and give them suitable forms (i.e., that of
their true faerie selves rather than their changeling
forms) to wear when they cross over into Arcadia along
the silver path. This is both to protect changelings from
the onslaught of the pure Dreaming and Arcadia from
intrusion by Banality-tainted beings.

Ocher Nocadle
‘Treasures of Midernia

These are some of the many treasures noted in the
oldest legends of Ireland, and might be found there still.
Those that have already been described in the section on

Tuathan treasures in Chapter Twoare so noted. And there
are more to be found by perusing the old stories yourself.
Enjoy.

¢ The Sword of Light (Some argue that thisisCaliburn,
which is in the possession of King David of Concordia.)

© The Spear of Lugh (This may or may not be the gae
bolg. It is one of the four Tuathan treasures.)
© The Sword of Nuada (mentioned earlier)


¢ The Cauldron of the Daghda (mentioned earlier)

© The Harp of the Daghda (on which he could play
the three strains — sleep, sorrow and mirth — that were
the hallmark of the true bard.)

The Crane Bag (Also called the Treasure Bag of the
Fianna, it supposedly held many treasures useful in battle.)

© Nuada's Silver Arm (made for him when his own
was lost in battle.)

© Manannan Mac Lir's Sea Chariot (which was
pulled by horses over the ocean waves)

Chronologyof Courc
OF ATI Kings

December 25, 1995

Tor finds shelter at the Mission of Refuge in Hilo.
Vargas tracks him there but is turned away. Valmont
contacts the sluagh, who advise him to try to find Tor at
the Mission.

December 26, 1995

Yrtalien and his company, which now includes
Edmund, track down Malacar. The oathmates are re-
united after a fight with Vargas and Diana.

December 29, 1995

The oathmates travel to Ireland where they are met
by selkies who take them to the faerie town of Glenlea.
Vargas and Diana, waylaid by the Kithain of Hilo, awaken
en route to Hong Kong.

December 30, 1995

Yrtalien lands in Sligo and makes contact with a pair
of Unseelie sidhe. Signe, the former Dauntain, journeys to
San Francisco.

December 31, 1995

The oathmates meet Liam, a clurichaun bard who
offers them information vital to their quest. Yrtalien
unknowingly releases a Bean Sidhe from her long impris-
onment. e makes peace with the inhabitants of the
Toybox Coffee Shop and begins her journey to find the
oathmates. The Bean Sidhe attacks Rasputin.

January 1, 1996

Liam leads the oathmates to the forest of the Hidden
King, a secret freehold where they can find the answers
they need. They are captured by the Riders of the Silver

Court, who protect the freehold. Edmund begins to repent
his betrayal. Leigh claims the right to trial by combat to
decide whether or not the oathmates can meet the Hidden

King. Leigh meets her rival, a warrior of House Scathach
named Sorcha. Leigh and Valmont become lovers.


January 2, 1996

Leigh and Sorcha battle to first blood. Leigh wins, but
Sorcha insists on fighting to the death and impales herself
on Leigh's sword rather than survive defeat. At the Giant's
Causeway, Edmund makes a wish in the Wishing Chair
and resolves to undo his mistakes. Yrtalien realizes that
Leigh and her companions are in Ireland. The oathmates
meet the king who gives them conditions they must fulfill
before learning the location of Silver's Gate.

January 3, 1996

Having recognized who Tor is from Morgan's locket,
Sir Odhran, one of the Riders, invites them to the court of
the King of Leinster. Signe arrives in Dublin. Yrtalien forces
Edmund to tell him again of the battle for Silver's Gate.

January 4, 1996

At the court, Tor is honored as one of the heroes of
the Accordance War and his memories return. Valmont is
humbled by Tor's true nobility. Two of the king's condi-
tions are fulfilled. Leigh learns of Yrtalien's presence in
Ireland. Yrtalien compels everyone but Edmund to swear
fealty to him. He takes Mr. Dumpy as hostage. The
chimeric clown helps Edmund (with Malacar) escape,
giving him the Waystone to take him to his oathmates.

January 5, 1996

The oathmates attend a wake for Sorcha. Rasputin
makes his peace with his past, and Leigh finds release from
her guilt at Sorcha's death. They realize that they need to
go back to the king's forest.

January 6, 1996

The oathmates are reunited, Morgan and Edmund
fulfill heir conditions, and they meet once more with the
Hidden King. Yrtalien raises his "army" of Unseelie Kithain
for the assault on Silver's Gate, using his stones to lead him
to Edmund and the Waystone.

January 7, 1996

Thecompanions, along with the Hidden King, journey
by faerie trod to Achill Island. They confront Yrtalien and
get the stones. The king calls the Isle of Dreams up from the
sea. The companions attempt to open Silver's Gate, but
Yrtalien and his army attack. The Bean Sidhe attacks the
king. Leigh defeats Yrtalien. Rasputin dies preventing
Malacar from stealing the Eyestones. Morgan realizes that
she needs to stay behind. Leigh, Valmont, Edmund and Tor
go through Silver's Gate. Signe appears to take Morgan
home. Liam takes the king back to the glen, and the selkies
once more take up guardianship of Silver's Gate.


owe Score |
A Eee : a 40 5 ad
22) eee A=

Ireland — the heart of
of ancient mysteries
the last gate to

petty kings, a land
is Silver's Gate,

finally to Ireland.

Court of all Kings incfodeem d
@ A complete guide to Ireland — the

© Features three mini-stories surrounding the Immortal ye Eioticl:
@ Complete details on a new Irish kith, the cluichaun.

ISBN 1-56504-713-3
WW 7202 $

a MANE I)

GAME STUDIO