# File: Immortal Eyes 1 - The Toybox.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Credits

Written by: Richard Dansky

Additional Material by: Keith Herber, Jackie Cassada,
Sam Chupp

Developed by: lan Lemke

Edited by: Ethan Skemp

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Dave Fooden, Henry Higgenbotham, Mark Jack-
son, Leif Jones, Drew Tucker

Front Cover Art: Rebecca Guay

Back Cover Design: Ash Arnett, Aileen E. Miles,
Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

CLARKSTON, GA 300:

|

waite Wor
STUDIO

bAME

©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for purposes of reviews. Change-
ling: The Dreaming, Mage: The Ascension, Werewolf:
The Apocalypse, Wraith: The Oblivion, Vampire: The
Masquerade and Immortal Eyes: The Toybox are all
trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

Special Thanks co:

Ken "Fireworksless" Cliffe, for leaving the fireworks
out of the Canada Day celebration after a friendly talk
with the police.

Bill "Power Ranger" Bridges, for for shirking his
(party) duties at Chicago Comic Con.

Phil "Party Ranger" Brucato, for dutifully going to
the party.

Jennifer "That cabin looks nice..." Hartshorn, for
sending Ian into the cabin of Greater Undead.

Ian "Flayed alive" Lemke, for listening to Jen.

Cynthia "...takes spices well" Summers, for her cre-
ative spin on autopsies.

Laura "2nd level spells!"
AD&D game.

Ethan "Web of Evil" Skemp, for his plans to give
everyone their fair share of angst.

Richard "Wraith" Dansky, for being the invisible

developer.

Perkinson, for her first


| 4, Concencts

o

NY ntRoduction
N) Book One: The Raindow Cicy

f\ Chapcer One: Seccing



This song is for the people of San Francisco, who may
not know it yet but they are beautiful...

— Scott McKenzie, "San Francisco"

Immortal Eyes: The Toybox is a new kind of World
of Darkness supplement called a chronicle sourcebook.
This means that it will supply you with the tools you need
to create your own chronicle, but is not meant to be the
end-all, be-all source of idea for your chronicle creations.
Indeed, you should feel free to change, alter, fold, spindle
and mutilate the characters, settings, and action depicted
herein to your heart's content. Change is necessary in
order to make a chronicle that is in your style.

The setting contains enough information for you to
do all this, although you will have to familiarize yourself
with the principal characters in the back-story of the
chronicle (especially those in charge or who are very
active) and you will have to come to intuitively under-
stand the geographic layout of the city and the bay area.

This book is just the first in a three-part series of

icl | letely published, they
will make up the Immortal Eyes chronicle.

} ks. When

The Immorcal
Cues Chronicle

This series of chronicle sourcebooks will give you a
host of tools to use in running your regular Changeling
chronicle. You will be able to run many different chapters
(game sessions) based on it, but you should also be aware
that it is intended as a long-term, over-arcing saga as well.
Although each sourcebook will give you more of the total
picture of where the overall back-story is heading, you
need to decide before you start playing the Immortal Eyes
chronicle whether you wish to involve your players with
the epic quest which holds together all three sourcebooks.

Introduccion


kscory: The Cuesc of
che Cyes

Ifyou've played th pl y, "Toys Will Be Toys"
in the Appendix of Changeling: The Dreaming, then
your players' quest for the Immortal Eyes has already
begun. You have only to turn to Book Two of this
sourcebook to find a number of other stories along the
same path as the quest.

Although we can't give you the full details of the
quest in this sourcebook for space reasons, you have been

a 1 ] Te RO h ke

a
Material

torun other plots in your stories as well as the main, quest-
oriented one. You should be able to get months of
enjoyment out of this sourcebook before it is time to move
on to the second part in the trilogy, Immortal Eyes:
Shadows on the Hill.

Just so you know what you're getting into, the trilogy
of sourcebooks will take the characters from the now-
familiar San Francisco bay area to the islands of Hawaii,
and finally across the ocean to one of the legendary homes
of the fae, Ireland. As you continue this chronicle, your
characters will become the focus of an epic saga that could

conceivably have world-changing effects based on their
actions. This is no walk on the beach! It is the hero's
journey in classic style — and your characters will go
through the depths of the underworld before (potentially!
hopefully!) returning from it.

A Raindow Cicy
Chronicle

If you aren't the kind of Storyteller who likes to run
this sort of chronicle, don't despair. We have also provided
extensive city information about the San Francisco bay
area. In fact, the entirety of Book One could almost be
considered a supplement in and of itself — it gives you
enough information for you to run your Changeling: The

reaming chronicle the way you would like. Youcan even
raid Book Two for characters you'd like to include. Unlike
other city sourcebooks previously published by White
Wolf, Book One is meant to be a general introduction to
the Bay Area's history and geography, useful for any story
set in the World of Darkness.


Nourco Use Book One

Chapter One: Setting f you witl g
information about the bay area as well as local changeling
H 1

]

customs. Chapter Two: History gives y y, both
real and chimeric, of San Francisco and its environs.
Chapter Three: Geography gives you a brief rundown of
the bay area, in addition to hardcore information about
the city itself. It also provides you with information about
specific Kithain sites in the city.

wico Use Book Two

Chapter Four: Nobles details the Kithain nobility of
the city. It is broken down by household for easy reference.
Chapter Five: Commoners describes the commoners of
the city as well as providing information on many of the
local motleys. Chapter Six: Scenes contains three stories

for use by Storytellers. These stories allow a Storyteller to
involve the characters in the quest for the Immortal Eyes
without actually becoming a part of it. The Appendix
provides details on the heroes of the Immortal Eyes
trilogy, as well as a complete chronology of the Toybox
novel.

A |inal Word

However you decide to use Immortal Eyes: The
Toybox, remember that as a Storyteller, you are respon-
sible not only for your troupe having fun, but also for your
own enjoyment. The Toybox is meant to be just that: a
box full of toys that you can pull out and use with glee.
Tapping into this sense of childlike joy (tinged with no
small amount of mischievous cunning) will help you
immensely in plotting the stories you will run.

Incroduccion



Overvi CU

San Francisco is the oldest major community on
America's West Coast. Situated on a narrow peninsula
that separates the San Francisco Bay from the Pacific
Ocean, the city of California's gold rush and
the state's first capital. Although decades ago sury din
both size and economy by Los Angeles, and in more recent
years by its neighbor to the south San Jose, San Francisco
still regards itself as the center of West Coast culture and
California's first city. It seems a brilliant jewel surrounded
on three sides by water and bordered by mountains on the
south. Measuring slightly less than seven by seven miles,
and with a population that hovers around the 700,000
mark, the city's reputation and history far exceed its

physical size.

Although the city is recognized as the center of the
area, many other communities line the shores of the bay.
To the east lie the city of Berkeley and the University of
California, and Oakland with its working seaport and
economic woes. At the south end of the bay is San Jose —

ekidine

Silicon Valley. To the north lies Marin, perhaps the
wealthiest county in the U.S.

The entire bay area is surrounded by high steep hills
and mountain ranges, effectively cutting it off from the
rest of the state. Bay area residents like to refer to anything
beyond the hills above Berkeley and Oakland as "back
east." The bay area has a well-deserved reputation for
liberal politics. Berkeley was a hotbed of radicalism in the
mid-and late 1960s, and San F has always enjoyed
a reputation as a city where "anything goes." Although
much of the state of California is firmly conservative
Republican, bay area politics have long favored liberal

Democrats.

The Chimeric Bay Area

The bay area is one of the most heavily-populated (in
terms of Kithain and chimera) areas in Concordia. This is
chiefly due to the tremendous number of small freeholds
and glens which dot the landscape, providing shelter from
the chill Autumn. The cities' characteristic permissive-
ness has meant that the average Banality is lower in most


people than in other parts of Concordia — an average of
6 instead of 7. TI loxically quite afew Autumn

bs

People in San Francisco, especially now. Perhaps it is

conscious resistance against wildness that causes this, or
c 1.

perhaps it i L of death, in the fi q

and fire, which hangs over the city.

There are more nobility in the bay area than in most
Concordia fiefs because of the presence of the royal
thronehold of Pacifica (Queen Aeron's own hold), and
because of the curious noble history (particularly dealing
with the Great Trod concealed within the city; it was the
first such Trod opened after the reunion of Earth and
Arcadia in 1969). The commoners here are roughly aver-
age for the area, but thanks to the abundance of nobility
they are much more bitter, activist, and separatist. In fact,
radical elements of the original rebellion still lurk in the
shadow of the Golden Gate | the seeds of that

y

fruit have taken root again.

Some Kithain sages have postulated that the prolif-
eration of chimeric sites in the bay area also attracts a
number of other folks: Prodigals and Gallain who make
the large metropolitan area their home. For this reason
Duke Aeon, who rules the Duchy of Goldengate, has

become a stickler about enforcing the Escheat, especially
the Right of Ignorance amongst the Prodigals.

Because of its wide variations in landscape, architec-
ture and community, San Francisco is a microcosm of the
world, a city of opportunities and great adventure as well
as dark secrets and bizarre mysteries.

Chimace

Climatically, the bay area is isolated. The hills sur-
rounding the area trap breezes from the Pacific Ocean,
providing the area with one of the most stable climates in
the world. Daily high temperatures rarely vary more than
five degrees from an annual mean temperature of 60° F.
Pacific currents warm the coast in the winter and provide
cooling fog banks in the summer. While the bay area
enjoys moderate temperatures, just 20 miles east, past the
ting of hills, the inland valleys suffer through freezing
winters and summers with temperatures frequently soar-
ing over 100°.

The bay area is comparatively arid, receiving around
15 inches of rainfall a year. Thunderstorms are almost
nonexistent and skies most often cloudless — the hot,
bright sun cooled by the hazy traces of fog that hang in the


air year round. A few hotspells occur, usually in May, June,
September or October, but temperatures in the hottest
part of the city rarely exceed the high 80s, and only on the

rarest of occasions do temperatures dip below freezing on
the coldest winter night. Rain is a wintertime phenom-

inl 1 y]]

enon 5 ‘: in Nov ember 3
through January, February and March. Although daytime
downpours are not uncommon, a good deal of the rain
seems to fall in the early morning hours while most people
are asleep. Summers bring almost no rainfall at all. The
lack of tru
over the winter, with wildflowers blooming in November,

asons results in a general greening of the area

followed by a gradual browning through the whole of the
summer — the most dangerous period for fires. Though
the arid climate makes for relatively sparse vegetation,
flora is a mixed bag of eucalyptus, pine trees, palms, cacti,
and exotic foliage like jade plants, bird of paradise, and
towering century plants. Few of these are native to the
area, but were long ago imported from Australia, the
Canary Islands, and other places.

Log

The fog is truly the bay area's most active weather.
Forming a couple of miles offshore, the fog usually rises 800
to 2000 feet above the ground, passing over the city like
scudding gray clouds running on fast forward. The fog

rarely hugs the ground as one would expect, but drifts
overhead, making for gray days — "milky skies," as local
weathermen describe them. Fog is heaviest in the summer
with the warm air. The
fog usually burns off in the early morning, returning in the

when the cool ocean «

late afternoon or evening, but the western portions of the
city, the Richmond and the Sunset, dwell under a
near-continuous blanket of gray for most of the summer,
receiving at best a few hours of sunshine in the afternoon.
Conversely, the East Bay gets less fog and the daytime
temperature is usually five to eight degrees higher than
San Francisco. The temperature of the city itself varies as

lve degrees dependi the neighbor-

ah ae tf s

hood.

But the fog is unpredictable, sometimes gathering
itself into a 2000 foot roiling wall rising above the city's
central mountain range, other times flowing through the
lower passes in spectral wisps that pour down into the
streets of the city. The fog also visits the bay, passing
in and out through the narrow Golden Gate, following the
currents of the shifting tides. Often a gigantic column of
fog can be seen rolling up through the Gate, engulfing the
bridge and Alcatraz Island, and continuing across the bay
to eventually crash into Albany Hill on the far shore. All
the while, the city itself is bathed in sunlight.

lowers

CoS

Chapter One: Seccing


Changelings benefit from the fog in many ways, the
chief of which is that they bl it to conceal their
Glamour. For example, using Wayfare to "vanish into the
fog" is perfectly acceptable and doesn't need to overcome
Banality if no one can see you leave.

Deople and Cconomics

The residents of the area are as diverse as any found
elsewhere in America. The Anglo, African-American,
Hispanic, and Chinese populations are perhaps the larg-

1,

.

bl Japanese. Russian, Samoan Philippine,

g

Vietnamese, Indian and many other ethnic communities

exist. The city itself has no racial majority.

California has, for more than a century, enjoyed the
. Ce Ts 4 teh . an

P growing
population and constant expansion, steady economic
growth has long been taken for granted. In the last few
years, however, both population omy have stabi-
lized, leading to a recession and the highest rates of
unemployment the state has ever known. The computer

{soft industri ill g, but almost all other
areas of development are down. Oakland remains an
active international port, but the area has lost the major
portion of its shipping to Los Angeles, San Diego, Port-
land, and Seattle. The financial boom of the 1980s has
given way to the bust of the 90s. Many downtown offices
in San Francisco stand unoccupied. A fragile ecology
already strained by the sprawling growth of a suburban
population has put limi pansion, and th led
closing of several local major military bases has further
fueled fears of a serious recession. For the first time ever,
recent years | peopl ing out of the state

than moving in.

Only the homeless population continues to grow.
Drawn to the area by a friendly climate and a tolerant
populace, their numbers seem always on the increase. In
the city the homeless inhabit parks and squares day and
night, sleeping in doorways and panhandling for food.
Various proposals have been made to solve the problem,
but none seem effective.

For some reason, more changelings enter the Chrysa-
lis in the bay area. This fact caused the previous monarch
of Pacifica to appoint a group of knights yeomen —
Chrysalis-hunters — to go forth and constantly patrol for
new Kithain. These knights are known among Kithain as
The Rainbow Order.


Traveling co the Bay Area

Most visitors to the Bay Area arrive by air. The largest
airport is San Francisco International, located a few miles
down the peninsula. Oakland operates a smaller, but
rapidly growing facility almost directly across the bay. San
Jose International Airport serves the South Bay. San
Francisco operates the most non-stop flights to U.S. and
Canada as well as select European and Asian destinations
as well. An hourly shuttle flies to Los Angeles around the
clock, a trip lasting 59 minutes.

For those driving in from the east, the most common
route is I-80, a federal highway that passes through Sacra-
mento after crossing the Sierra Nevada Mountains at the
Donner Pass, near Lake Tahoe and Reno, Nevada. During
the winter months this highway is often snowbound, and
travellers need tire chains to make the crossing. Heavy
snowstorms and small avalanches occasionally close
stretches of the highway for a day or more at a time.
Weekend skiers visiting the Sierras often happily find

} ] ] 1f ] ] ] ae | 3

PE F plees y
in the mountains before returning to work. Overland bus
lines running into the area follow the same route, as does
the Amtrak passenger line. The Amtrak station is located
in Oakland.

Sea travel is limited. Despite San Francisco's long
history as a port city, few passenger ships dock here, save
the cruise lines that run in and out of Fishermen's Wharf.
However, Oakland still services many freighters unload-
ing shipments from South America and the Far East.
Richmond, to the north, is the site of Endron's major oil
refineries and receives many tankers at its docks.

Geccing Around che Bay
(\Rea

The communities around the bay are linked by an
i] £ LEE nD

extensive but y most
of the day and night, and frequently jammed during peak
hours of travel. Public parking, particularly in the city, is
difficult to find and often very expensive.

BART is the Bay Area Rapid Transit System, a
modern subway and elevated rail system constructed in
the mid-70s. This system links San Francisco to the rest of
the bay area via a submarine tube running under the bay.
Three separate lines run north to Richmond, west to
Concord, and south to Fremont. Additional spur lines are

£

currently under i but the | ng 2 d C


a system linking to San Jose in the south and Marin
County and Napa Valley in the north seems a long way
away. The system offers regular trains between 5 AM and
1 AM, with reduced service in the evenings. Fares are
charged by distance traveled and deducted from a com-
puter ticket.

Additionally, the various counties offer fairly effi-
cient bus services, and taxis are found most everywhere. A
number of ferries give smooth, scenic rides to points
around the bay.

‘Tourism

One of the city's major industries is tourism. San
Francisco, even as far back as the late 19th century, has
proven itself a popular spot with visitors. Although
some early guests of the city found it rude, brash and
devoid of attractions, many found its weather and
exuberant population charming. Located thousands of
miles from the population centers of the East, San
Francisco feels less restraint and has developed its own
code of mores and standards. Although more conserva-
tive than the days when sailors were shanghaied on the
Barbary Coast and tourists ventured giggling into the
opium dens of Chinatown, it still enjoys a reputation as
an "adult city" offering a vast variety of entertain-
ments. Restaurants abound, as do clubs and theatres.
Chinatown is a standard attraction, as are rides on the
antique cable cars and shopping around Union Square.
Fisherman's Wharf, on the northern edge of the city, is
the most popular attraction, annually drawing more
tourists than any other place in the U.S. save Disney
World.

Cvencs

Festivals and parades are popular with the city,
many of them offering a diversion for the tourists. The
most famous and most popular is the Lesbian and Gay
Freedom Day Parade, held the last Sunday of June.
Staged down the main thoroughfare of Market Street,
the parade draws a quarter of a million spectators who
madly cheer the various floats, costumes, and displays.
Unlike similar events in many other cities, gay pride in
San Francisco is a cause for celebration, not confron-
tation.

But any excuse to dress up and parade around the
streets seems good enough for San Franciscans. The
annual parades and festivals begin in late January or

early February with the celebration of the Chinese
New Year and the Golden Dragon Parade winding its
way up Stockton street from Market. The downtown
next hosts St. Patrick's Day on March 17, celebrated in
a manner common to most American cities — with a
parade and lots of green-dyed beer. April Fools' Day
sees the unofficial St. Stupid's Day parade staged
through the financial center, finishing up with a penny
toss at the sculpted "Banker's Heart" in front of the
Bank of America Tower. Japantown's Cherry Blossom
Festival also takes place in April, followed by Cinco de
Mayo, celebrated in the Mission District on the week-
end nearest to May 5. June is host to the Haight and
North Beach Street Fairs, as well as the lengthy
Carnaval parade staged in the Mission. Across the Bay,
Oakland stages a musical festival called Festival at the
Lake, fittingly enough, on the shores of Lake Merritt.
The Fourth of July is celebrated at Crissy Field
north of the Presidio with an all-day picnic and free
rock concerts, climaxed by evening fireworks. The end
of the month finds the annual Polk Street Art and
Music Fair. August is host to Fleet Week, when the
U.S. Navy puts carriers and submarines on public
display while the Blue Angels buzz the city. Early
October is the time of the Castro Street Fair, followed
by a grand turnout for Halloween at the end of the
month. The Exotic Erotic Ball is held every year about
this time. Originally The Hooker's Ball, those attend-
ing wear only the most daring of outfits and
welcomed. Additionally, th y number of char-
ity events and free concerts staged in Golden Gate
Park, Crissy Field, Union Square and other places.
Guest artists at th ften include well-known
bay area musicians like Carlos Santana, Paul Kantner,
Jerry Garcia, and Grace Slick.

Even sporting events are an excuse for San
Franciscans to get into costume and strut their stuff.
The annual Bay to Breakers Run is a world-class profes-
sional event drawing runners from all over the world;
but by far the most entries are the locals who, dressed
up in the most outlandish costumes imaginable, stag-
ger their way through the seven-mile race across the
city from the bay to the Pacific Ocean. Clown suits,
leather straps, bathtubs, business suits, wetsuits with
flippers, and almost anything else one can imagine: all
are considered proper running attire for the Bay to
Breakers.


Changeling Nondays
inthe Bay Area

In addition to celebrating the traditional change-
ling holidays, Duke Aeon has declared special holidays
for the fief of Goldengate alone. Among them are his
own birthday (March 31st) and the birthday of Queen
Aeron (July 27th). The Ducal and Royal Birthdays are
gala occasions at Pelican House, where the duke (and
the queen, if she isi which is not always
th Mees aa | 5 ers | 1]

‘ies
g any

vanish with the morning's light. Preparations for the

J. , J. J sy 1

£
pS TOT $24
Glamour and money but usually resulting in a beautiful
reverie at the end of the day's festivities.
As well, there is Starlight Night (May 13th), when
Ju-4 » Te: | heating: 2 eet) Hh |
all

Is
1. 1 ieee EO a RE seo BS

g y toalight with brilliant
chimeric light that is visible from the rooftops. The
traditional celebration is to view the beautiful display
from the vantage point of Coit Tower (see Geography),
and afterward the childlings run through the streets,
chasing chimera who have been set alight with Glam-
our in a kind of action-packed "moving pifiata"

experience. The current purp light Night is to

ppreci y of the city at night. Its origin
is apparently a paean to the love that the duke has for
his Goldengate.
Duke Aeon himself participates in both the Gay
Pride March and the Castro Fair, in solidarity with his
kinain brother and out of respect for the satyr Hector.

(Accommodations

Most tourists are Americans, usually from the East,

but San Francisco is also the favorite American city of

European vacationers. The most popular hotel locations
are around Union Square and on Nob Hill. Accommoda-
tions in the center of the city average about $100 per night
minimum for two-person occupancy, the rates gradually
declini the Tenderloin or heads south

g ;
of Market Street. Restaurants number in the thousands,
catering to nearly every taste and ethnic variety. It is said
that one could dine out every night for ten years and never
visit the same restaurant twice. Dining out is a favorite
pastime of San Fi relatively cl
one wishing to spend large amounts of money encounters
no difficulty. Theatres are bountiful, favoring the small
t-garde productions but also hosting major shows

ly cheap, although

Chapzer One: Seccing


VR
S
Ss
W
wy
Sy
,
SS

i,

from New York. There is a credible symphony and a
grand-styled opera house. Bars and nightclubs of all types
abound. (see Chapter Three: Geography, for a sample
changeling nightclub, Chainges.)

i eof
urt I y. Whether
hain know or respect this is another

e Kithain with Etiquette 2 or more
uston ch different Kithain

ferently, itis generally held by

force of custom that t ; y the eig
echold: se are given intoa sacred trust. This
that they are given the best of the
‘sleeping, and the best:
k nsidered extremely bad luck to.
i any way, or through
ome to harm. Even if you
a guest for some reason, you.
aking it invites the worst of

le excep
ase who are considered
1 slleneaigIce AE | ‘1

oat brea ospitality.
ee ee, lcamereen

Residency

The cost of bay area living is one of the highest in the
nation. Skyrocketing real estate values in the 1980s have
resulted in a situation where less than ten percent of local
residents can now afford to own their own homes. Rental
rates also increased and, until limited by various forms of
rent control, threatened to drive most residents out of the
city.

With a recession on, steady employment is scarce,
though skilled office workers and anyone with computer
industry skills can usually find a job. Blue-collar workers
and unskilled teens find things far more difficult.

Nonetheless, many find the sunny, mild climate
and scenic splendor enough to make up for the difficul-
ties. Despite the mounting problems, the bay area and
the city specifically enjoy an optimistic if sometimes
unrealistic outlook. Locals prop open front doors of

department stores, restaurants, markets, and even banks
in the morning, allowing the fresh, cool breezes to
circulate freely. Glass partitions dividing the customer
from the storekeeper, or even the bank teller, are rarely
seen in the city. Taxicabs use no shields to protect
drivers from their passengers. Disasters such as the
1989 earthquake are met with a positive resolution
unfamiliar in the East.

rd Lacts

Utility service is provided by Pacific Gas & Electric,
known as PG&E. Pacific Bell (commonly PacBell) is the
telephone company. Because of the sudden proliferation
of fax machines anda shortage of numbers, the bay area has
recently changed area codes. San Francisco, Marin, and
the peninsula retain the old 415 number while the East
Bay changed to 510.

The city provides water. The bay area lacks local
supplies of fresh water and gets most of what it needs
from the inland valleys or the Sierra Nevada moun-
tains. San Francisco makes use of the Hetch Hetchy
reservoir, pumping the water for nearly two hundred
miles through aqueducts that run up the peninsula. A
seven-year drought which was becominga seri
was broken the last two winters when rainfalls re-
turned to normal levels.

Trash collection is provided by private "scavenger"
companies contracted by the communities and licensed to
serve specific areas. Bay area residents have a "garbage" bill
among their other utilities, and most communities have
instituted comprehensive recycling programs.

Two major newspapers serve the city: the San Fran-
cisco Chronicle, published mornings and afternoons, and
the San Francisco Examiner (the Hearst paper), published
in the afternoon. The two papers publish a joint Sunday
edition. Herb Caen, a columnist with the Chronicle, has
been a journalist in the city for decades. Many eagerly seek
the opinions and political support of this well-known
celebrity.

The largest and best k f America
("B of A"), Great Western, and Wells Fargo. The super-
market business is domi d by Safeway, and Walgreen's
i-th franchise drug st

E |, R |,

The usual fast food

franchi as well, but not so much

dq 7-11
within the city.


CDood and Acmosphere

San Francisco is the perfect stage for any drama,

comedy, or tragedy. If you wish the mood to change,
simply change the weather. On the darker side, the fog
rolling in can cause a sense of despair, isolation, and
ennui to fall over the city. The toll of the AIDS
epidemic has been sorely felt in the city's wild heart,
and death lingers in the air. Oakland, Richmond, and

large sections of Berkeley are ecological wastelands,
where drive-by shootings are common. There are many
places no one would want to go. On the lighter side, it
is a city of freedom, of wild pleasure, and of a passion
for the arts and culture. San Francisco, therefore, is the
ideal backdrop for the up-again, down-again life of a
changeling. Cold, hard reality takes its toll, but there
are moments of transcendent beauty as well.



R

Geologists disagree as to when the bay itself was
actually formed. However, they do agree that it once stood
above water, before the land subsided and the melting ice
caps raised the ocean level. The Sacramento River poured
down from the central plateau of California, cutting a
canyon through the rocks separating Marin from the
peninsula and forming what is now the entrance to the
bay: the Golden Gate.

The Ohlone

The Ohlone were among the first peoples to settle
around the bay and were part of the Pleistocene migration
of Asian peoples crossing over to North America via the
land bridge between Asia and Alaska. They arrived here
about four or five thousand years ago. The huge shell

C } +]

1 around the bay are silent testimony to their

long occupation. The largest of these mounds, found near
Fremont, is 30 feet high, 600 feet long, and 200 feet wide.
The oldest layers of these mounds are presently below
water level, indicating that the bay has risen markedly
since the Ohlone first arrived.

ay

The Ohlone were not really a tribe, but a culture
group; numerous tribelets inhabited the area. It is esti-
mated that at their peak, the Ohlone numbered some
10,000 and the neighboring Miwok another 3000.

Cxploracion

In 1542 Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo sailed north from
Mexico in the San Salvador to become the first European
to explore the California coast. Searching for "the Strait
of Anian" (the fabled Northwest Passage), he made it as far
north as the Russian River before finally turning back.
Spotting Point Reyes on his return, he named it Cabo de
Pifios, but missed the entrance to the Bay.

The year 1579 found English privateer Sir Francis
Drake in the area. Having spent his voyage raiding Span-
ish ships, he landed the Golden Hind just north of the
Golden Gate in what is now called Drake's Bay (named by
George Vancouver in 1792). He called the land Nova
Albion and claimed it for the queen, supposedly leaving a
} leat dibs

1
bronze fF i

£ é
f\TTCT SIX


sailed out and, like Cabrillo, failed to notice the entrance
to the bay.

Some have claimed that Drake actually did discover
the bay and landed in Marin county. A bronze plaque was
found here in 1936 by a depart store clerk ona picnic
near San Quentin Prison. Presently at the Bancroft Li-
brary in UC Berkeley, it has since been deemed a forgery.

In 1595 Sebastian Cermefio, a Portuguese captain
sailing out of the Philippines, landed the San Augustin in
Drake's Bay. A storm sunk the ship the survivors were
forced to set out for home in a small launch. They finally
reached Acapulco safely but, like so many others, missed
the entrance to the bay. Before leaving the area, Cermefio
renamed the area Punta de los Reyes — King's Point.

In 1602 Sebastian Vizcaino, one of Cermeno's offic-
ers, sailed north with the hope of salvagi
San Augustin. He carefully explored the California coast
and discovered Monterey Bay but he, too, failed to dis-
cover the entrance to the bay.

a
the cargo of the

As the Spanish empire began to contract, trade with
Manila in the Philippines decreased and Alta California
was left more or less untouched for the next two centuries.

The Nunnehi

For much of the history of the San Francisco Bay
Area, the nunnehi were the only remotely fae presence.
Most Kithain had not yet found their way to this place.
Even the most adventurous pooka seemed to give the
earliest explorations a miss. In fact, it is not certain who
the first Kithain in the area was: certainly whoever it was
found the nunnehi a powerful and daunting force. This
was before the opening of the trod, and therefore there
weren't qui d gl h tod

The nunnehi aided the native people, as is their
Th aT L) 5 aS

1 S 5 y

wont,

of eolonitstion They made pacts ee the seal-people
(selkies) as well, many of which still hold today. The
nena fa a 1 et A ips Re

Colomzacuion

By 1769 the Russians were beginning to explore the
North American coast in search of furs. The Spanish,
alarmed by their intrusions, decided to reinforce "their"
coast. Gaspar de Portol4, a Mexican dragoon captain, was
made governor of both Alta and Baja California and sent

4 :

DLOTUL PE sixty mer. things,
he was expected to install Franciscan friars in the Spanish
missions, replacing the Jesuits who had been ordered
home after being expelled from Spanish dominions in
1767 by King Don Carlos III. Portola's objective was
Monterey Bay, discovered 160 years earlier by Vizcaino.
Portola's ship passed Monterey on September 30, but
failed to spot the bay. By the end of October they had made
their way far up the coast and were in the area of Pacifica,
just south of San Francisco.

=

Finally landing, Portola sent Sergeant José Ortega
north, accompanied by a small band of men, while the
captain and his ch group climbed the western ridge of

Aontara Mountain. Fi I | ld he F: |

Islands in the west and Drake's Bay to the north, but were
thoroughly confused as to their whereabouts.

On November 2 a band of men returned from a
deer-hunting trip with reports of a vast, marshy estuary to
the east. The next day Ortega returned from his trip north,
having discovered the bay and its entrance from the sea.

r far as the tip of the peninsula overlook-
ing the Golden Gate. On November 4 Portola crossed
Montara Mountain's "Sweeney Ridge" and descended the
eastern side, sighting the bay for himself. He ordered
Ortega to explore south along the bay and up the eastern
side in an attempt to reach Point Reyes; but the sergeant
and his men were turned back by swamps and unfriendly
natives. After a council, the group decided to leave the
area and sailed away south. They missed Monterey again,
finally arriving in San Diego in January of 1770. Soldiers
rather than sailors, they did not recognize the importance

y group the bay
The nunnehi fought battles with spears made of moon- -
light, riding horses made of wind. They celebrated the
turning of the hoop of the year. Theirs were an idyllic
life, filled with Glamour. This was the time of the pure
lands, the time before European invasion. :
Some Kithain sages believe the nunnehi shamans
protected San Francisco Bay from the explorers with a
great illusion Ithough } jid this.
5 | Rat

other
y

heir part. The

fact remains that the fog sull-solls (r: Nunnettiore holds
that the fog is an extension of the blanket of magical
protection the elder nunnehi wove to conceal the bay. -

Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

y they had discovered and in their report
decreased its significance.

of the i

Five years later, on August 5, 1775, Lieutenant Juan
Manuel de Ayala anchored his ship San Carlos at what is
now Fort Point, becoming the first to sail through the
Golden Gate. Ayala's expedition spent the next forty-four
days in the bay, anchored off Angel Island. While Ayala
recovered from an accidental gunshot to the foot, two of
his officers explored the bay in launches. Ayala mean-
while christened such places as Angel Island, Sausalito,
and Alcatraz (the latter name given to what is now known
as Yerba Buena Island, misidentified by an English sea


captain in 1826). Upon Ayala's return, the decision was
made to establish a Presidio and mission in the area.

On March 28, 1776, Captain Juan Bautista de Anza
and Lieutenant José Moraga arrived in the area with a
band of men. Anchoring at the northern tip of the penin-
sula, they drove a cross into the ground and established
what is now known as Fort Point. The next day they
traveled southeast to a small pond and creek. Here they
drove a second cross into the ground, marking the spot as
the site of a mission they would call Laguna de los Dolores.
Leaving men to guard the two sites, de Anza returned to
Mexico while Moraga traveled to Monterey to collect the
Franciscan father, Junipero Serra, and the two hundred or
so colonists being sent to the area.

Mission Dolores was dedicated on June 29, 1776, just

fore the signing of the Declaration of Indepen-

dence. The Indians were soon rounded up and baptized,
housed in barracks, and set to work gardening and weaving
cloth, all of which quickly destroyed their culture.

five days |

While the mission was "civilizing" the Indians, the
small band of soldiers at the Presidio languished. Unpaid,
nearly forgotten, they depended on the holy fathers of the
mission for a good deal of their food and provisions. The
Presidio was built on a inland bluff, and at first no fort was
erected to protect the Gate. When Englishman George
Vancouver visited in 1792, the Spanish government criti-
cized the Presidio for allowing him to note the lack of
adequate defenses. An adobe fort was then built on the
cliff and garrisoned by seven soldiers. So poor was this
garrison that when a Russian ship entered the harbor in
1806 and fired a salute, ¢ ingent of soldiers had to row
out to the ship and borrow enough gunpowder for the fort
to properly return the fire. Isolated and nearly forgotten,
San Francisco would prove to be Spain's most northern
colony on the West Coast.

The first adobe mission was replaced by a larger one
1A ste deter

constructed in 1794. This b y in the

heart of the City's Mission District.

The Cahfornios

By 1810 Mexico was in open revolt against Spain. San
Francisco's Presidio and mission, isolated as they were,
were more or less forgotten by both contestants as the
struggle raged on. The garrison, without shipments of
supplies from Mexico, went into serious decline, the
soldiers more and more forced to rely on the fathers at the
mission for everything they needed.

In 1821 Mexico finally declared its independence,
word of this only reaching San Francisco the next year. In
1834 Mexico passed the Secularization Act, stripping the


ve presents for them or allow their

= ey Pee 8

even those clearly chi be nunnehi we

turn aside from their nature and their nunnehi-spirits

died from the incipient Banality. °
For a long time the nunnehi literally took to the
hills, hiding in hollows and caves only they could see
and enter. The cold wind of Banality swept through
-warriors now left represent the last of the moon-eyed
people, possibly for all time. i

almost feudal missions of their land and power. Attempt-

ing to enforce their claim to Alta California, the Mexican
|

handed out f land, somea large

as 48,000 acres, to favored individuals. Mariano Vallejo
was among the best known of the Californios, managing to
amass 175,000 acres that included most of what is now
Napa and Sonoma counties.

Soon the bay area was divided into huge, sprawling
cattle ranches that provided an active trade in hides and
tallow, most of which was shipped out of the bay. San
Francisco also became a convenient port for whalers
working the Pacific Ocean. The Indians, having been
turned out of the missions, either returned to the wilder-
ness or went to work on the vast ranchos.

By 1835 the first structure was erected in what was to
eventually become the village of Yerba Buena (and later
San Francisco) by William A. Richardson, a British sea-
man who had remained in the area after his ship sailed
back to England in 1822. Married to the Presidio
commandant's daughter, he established himself as the
Bay's first harbormaster and pilot, later serving as a trade
broker for the many English and American ships visiting
the region. His first home was a mere sail stretched
between poles, soon replaced by a wooden shanty and
later, a two-story adobe structure named Casa Grande.
Although now several blocks from the bay, before the
filling in of Yerba Buena cove the waterfront was nearly at
Richardson's front door.

The Americans

By the mid-1840s, Americans were moving over the
Sierra Nevada mountains into California. In 1846 Fre-
mont led a band of 60 armed men into California, only to

Immorcal Cyes: The Toybox

be turned back by the Mexicans. He returned a few weeks
later on June 14, and this time he and his men stormed
General Mariano Vallejo's S tate. Vallej

dered without resistance and later, over numerous brandies
served by the polite general, Fremont and his men an-
nounced the formation of a California Republic, sewing
togethera rather rude flag d d wi grizzl
raising it over Sonoma Plaza.

The village of Yerba Buena became part of the states
less than a month later when, on July 9, 1846, the ship
Portsmouth unloaded 70 American soldiers and marines.
Led by Captain Montgomery, they marched ashore and
raised the American flag over the town plaza, soon after
renamed Portsmouth Square in honor of the event.

} j
bear and

In January, 1847, the town's name was officially
changed to San Francisco, a move intended to emphasize
the town's relationship with San Francisco Bay. To avoid
confusion, the small town of Francisca on the North Bay
was persuaded to change its name to Benicia.

CDarket Street and O Larrell
} OF Sins: sibl res 44] ae
San Francisco's streets, was in fact kinain, one of fae
blood. Related to a nocker family, he had an innate
1 eS cf

J

sense of : powerinap . He put
Market Street diagonally across the city in an effort to
forcibly channel the tremendous ley energy he felt
coming from Mt. Talmalpais to the north. His primi-
tive geomancy only partly succeeded, although he was
to never see his work in action — the only reason.
Kithain know this lore is because it was read in his
journal after he died, a journal which is still held by the
O'Farrell nocker family. It is said that this journal also
has maps of tl lerg: drookeri j i
honeycomb the land below the streets.

Later, in 1969 when the Great Trod was opened,
O'Farrell's ley-channel held firm and caused a prolif-
eration of small freeholds throughout the city.

The Gold Rush

On the site of present day Sacramento stood the fort
of John Sutter, formerly an officer in the Swiss army. He
called his 50,000 acres of land New Helvetia, and ruled it
as a benevolent despot. Sutter's fort was often the first
civilization seen by travelers crossing over the Sierra
Nevada Mountains. It was here, in astream nearasawmill,
that Sutter's employee James Marshall first discovered
gold on January 24, 1848. Sutter realized what a gold rush
might do to his plans and tried to keep the discovery a
secret, but rumors kept spreading. The floodgates opened


in May when Sam Brannan marched through the streets
announcing the discovery of gold along the American
River, making his point by brandishing a bottle filled with
gold nuggets. Brannan, always astute, had wisely prepared
himself for the public announcement by making sure his
hardware store was fully stocked with mining and other
necessary equipment.

Inaflash the town nearly emptied of able-bodied men
as the flight to the gold fields began. Merchants quickly
sold out of mining equipment and calls went out to South
America, Hawaii, and the Pacific rim, in search of shovels,
pans, rope and other goods. Alerted by the sudden de-
mand, prospectors from Peru, Chile, China, Hawaii, and
Australia were soon landing in the city. By December a
small chest of gold nuggets had found its way to Washing-
ton D.C. President Polk made the gold strike official when
he announced it to the public. San Francisco was soon to
become the gateway to the gold fields.

By the end of 1849 the city's population stood near
20,000, over ninety percent male. Inflation was sky-high.
Breakfast cost six dollars and a bottle of whiskey, thirty
dollars. The favorite pastimes were gambling, drinking,
and whoring. Describing the City in El Dorado, Bayard
Taylor wrote: "Hundreds of 1h dall
over the heights, and along the shore for over a mile.
Yankees of every possible variety, native Californians in

sarapes and sombreros, Chilians, Sonorians, Kanakas from
Hawaii, Chinese with long tails, Malays armed with their
everlasting cresses, and others in whose embronzed and
bearded visages it was impossible to recognize any especial
nationality."

1848: The Commoners Gold [ood

Tevetatls
kith lik 4 ae

gold. Even the most practical bogean will drop his

needlepoint to pursue such dreams. When word spread

of the gold strike, changelings from all over the world

heard the call.

—_ Nockers in Boston and New York who thought they

could smell the gold from across the country built them-
] * } it AAs as

Hom, fighting off the nunnehi raiders and changeling
pi intl | ¢ pecially the Gulf of Mexico.
Tn this time, as well, hordes of wild and strange Gallain

egan to appear without warning, also seeking after the
legends of the gold. This is the first time in the city's history
where a number of Kithain and other enchanted beings

} i li f the D: i the first

wave of strange inhabitants from far away.
- The proliferance of so many changelings in one
place (and the utter wildness of the time) increased the

hapcer Twio: Pecorn


fleshmarkets of the wharves, they w
making the Barbary Coast the riump
ery that it was. It was this herd that f
the Society of Aristophanes and th
Brotherhood of the Barrel. The;
faction all their own, but doing whe
they would resulted in stern retr
part of the ad hoc citizen's governme

Banalicy Mics

Fora time San Francisco was
during the almost lawless Golc
advent of the Second Cor
Abatement Act, the city start
}: «i fp ) 5 mines

ceased throwing their Greek

gardens of their Nob Hill mansions

to commoners; but if they impact on the source of
Glamour, then the fae act with swiftness. The com-

mMoner d ‘ ip f tk i i Lt is . id ef 1e sd

with several ideas to change the demeanor of the city.

oO L ey se te i ee 1.

midst of the rapidly developing urban area an space
which might inspire and provide a place for tl
heart.

With the intent of raising San Francisco's image in
the eyes of the world, community leaders like Sam Brannan

i Lica even

and William Ralston began campaigning for a city park.
William Hammond Hall was chosen to design it and work
began in 1870. Reclaiming the land from the shifting sand
dunes proved no easy task but, despite doubts voiced by
some newspapers, the project progressed. In 1890 it was
handed over to John McClaren, a crusty Scotsman. For-
bidding such things as "Keep Off The Grass" signs, he
worked tirelessly for years creating one of the world's great
urban parks. Dedicated to keeping the park as natural as
possible, it was only over his vehement objections that
statues and other such monuments were erected in the
park, and then only allowed in the most obscure and
hidden places.

Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

Nonetheless, the eastern end of the park was to see
additional development. The first building erected was
the Conservatory of Flowers, put up in 1879. James Lick,
who had intended it for his San Jose estate, had shipped it
in crates from Dublin. When Lick died, Crocker and
others bought it for $2600 and donated it to the city. In
1916 the California Academy of Sciences' North Ameri-
can Hall was opened and, in 1919, the M.H. de Young
Memorial Art Museum followed.

The CDid-Cuinzer Lair
of 1894

San Francisco hosted California's first World Fair,
the Mid-Winter Exposition of 1894. Over park superin-
tendent McClaren's objections, it was staged in Golden
Gate Park. Held during a depression year, the fair was
nonetheless a success, running from January to July and
counting over 2.5 million visitors. The exotically flavored
fair featured major buildings designed in Egyy 1 East
Indian styles. Attractions included an Hawaiian village, a

Cairo street scene, and an Eskimo village complete with
fur-clad "Eskimos" paddling kayaks about a small pond. A
favorite sideshow attraction was Boone's Arena, featuring
trained animal acts. Attendance at Boone's increased
dramatically after a lion killed one of the trainers during a
performance.

Electricity was the exciting new discovery of the age
and San Francisco's fair was dominated by the lofty,
centrally located Tower of Electricity. At night a revolv-
ing shaft of light, visible for miles, was beamed from the top
of the tower. Although most of the structures were torn
down at the conclusion of the fair, the Music Concourse
and the Japanese Tea Garden were spared and still stand
today.


San Francisco's Great Quake struck at 5:12 AM,
April 18, 1906. The first tremor rattled the city for forty
seconds. After a ten-second pause, a second tremor began,
stronger than the first and lasting twenty-five seconds.
The San Andreas Fault — only discovered in 1893 run-
ning offshore San Francisco — had shifted. The epi
was at Point Reyes on the coast where a locomotive was
toppled from its tracks. It is estimated today that the quake
would have measured 8.3 on the Richter Scale.

Although the city was hard hit, Santa Rosa to the
north and San Jose to south — where over 100 people were
killed — suffered the worst damage. Conversely, Oakland
and Berkeley across the Bay felt only a small tremor.
Stanford University, down the peninsula, suffered tre-
mendous damage to its campus and buildings.

San Francisco's sidewalks buckled and water and gas
lines broke. Brick facades were shaken from building
fronts while structures unfortunate enough to have been
built on loose landfill sank and slid off their foundations.
Interiors collapsed and many people died asleep in their
beds. In the city's cemeteries, 500 tombstones toppled
over, all of them falling east.

Unfortunately for the city, among the first casualties
was Fire Chief Dennis T. Sullivan, fatally injured when his
unreinforced brick firehouse collapsed on him. Most of

E imilar fates, paralyzing

these facilities while at the same time than 50 fires were
breaking out across the city. By early afternoon these fires
had grown into three major conflagrations. One major
blaze was out of control south of Market Street, while
another raged north of Market near the waterfront. A
third fire ravaged an area known as Hayes Valley, just west
of City Hall. Communications within the city were wiped
out and the aqueduct carrying San Francisco's water
supply up the peninsula broken. The winds were easterly
that day, the reverse of the usual, and hot winds from the
inland valleys quickly fanned the flames into firestorms
that lifted smoke five miles into the air. Scorched sheet
music froman incinerated Market Street

down in Marin, across the bay.

The U.S. Army piled out of the Presidio to join in the
fight, which soon came under the command of Brigadier
General Frederick Funston. For th lays th {
out of control despite the use of such desperate tactics as
the dynamiting of buildings in an attempts to create
firebreaks. Despite all efforts, the fire destroyed almost all
of the city west of Van Ness Avenue before finally being
brought under control.

‘ }
fires bummed


Some refugees ferried over to Oakland but most
stayed inthe city i Presidio and Golden Gate
Park where tent cities were quickly set up. Over 250,000
were left homeless, roughly two-thirds of the city's popu-
lation. Although the extent of the disaster was played
down as much as possible, it is now believed that 3000 or
more perished in the earthquake and subsequent fires.
Earlier reports, intended to sway insurers‘and future inves-
tors, lowered the death rates and claimed most of the
damage was the result of fires, and not the quake.

Although most of the banks chose to abandon their
cash, trusting their heavy, airtight vaults top it, AP.
Giannini, founder of the small Bank of Italy managed to
get his capital out of the burning city hidden on a wagon.
After the fire, while others had to wait weeks before the
red-hot vaul led pened, Giannini
was one of the few resources of ready cash. With this boost
his bank rose to prominence, eventually renaming itself
the Bank of America and becoming one of the leading
banks on the West Coast.

Pee 5,

Realicy Scrikes Back
: iB) Ces Dae | } +} 2:

were forced to live ina relatively Glamour-scarce environ-
ment (nordue tothe lackofGlamour but to the tremendous
number of changelings and Gallain), they enjoyed a
relatively comfortable existence in San Francisco due to
the general good mood and feelings of its inhabitants.
W/L 1 1 ) Sate J a 1 2 Pee

of depression. The cold hard facts of the death and
destruction of the qual Je a lasting impression in the
hearts of the populace, one that pushed Banality to an all-
time high. Many changelings were lost to Banality during
this time as their mortal forms were crushed, destroying
their faerie soul as well. Although a few attempts ata mass
Wake occured, very few of the Gallain and commoner
changelings who died kept their faerie soul. To this day,
® Fese § 1 "1 <.

Colma and to

places like the Portals of the Past and other quake memo-
rials, to honor those who fell in the aftermath.

However, those who did survive the earthquake
and its rush of Banality were quite pleased to learn that
a new kind of spring g 1 them, and sc I fairs
left both the city and its Enchanted populace rejuve-
nated.

Reduilding the Crcy

Within three years y p
Of the 28,000 residences destroyed by the flames, over
19,000 had already been replaced. Downtown, new office

ing back to life.

Immortal Cyes: The Toydox


buildings were being erected on the burned out blocks,
larger and grander than before. In 1912 work began on a
new Civic Center, designed to replace the lost City Hall.
Meanwhile, plans for a world's fair called the Panama-
Pacific Exposition to be held in 1915 went on unabated.

TheDanama-Dacific
Cxposicion

Celebrating the opening of the Panama Canal, the
Exposition opened on February 20, 1915, and, despite a
war then raging in Europe, was a grand success. 600 acres
of bay-shore tidal land on the north side of the city,
stretching from Fort Mason to the Golden Gate, were
walled off and filled in to provide asi the fair. The fair
was graced by a grand rotunda called The Palace of Fine
Arts and dominated by the 432-foot tall Tower of Jewels.
This tower, encrusted with 50,000 pieces of colored glass,
was nightly washed by 36 independent tinted spotlights.

Building Bridges

San Francisco had long stood isolated in the center of
the bay, reached only by ferry or the long drive up the
peninsula. But in the 1930s the city would relinquish its
isolation for the increased prosperity promised by two

major bridge projects.

The Bay Bridge, linking downtown San Francisco
with Oakland across the bay, was begun in May of 1933. It
involved the relatively easy bridging of Oakland to Yerba
Buena Island by means of a low truss bridge, and the more
difficult span from the island to San Francisco with a
double suspension bridge. A huge tunnel was bored through
Yerba Buena Island to connect the two bridges.
Double-decked, seventy-six feet high and fifty-eight feet
wide, this tunnel is still the largest bore of its type in the
world. Rincon Hill on the city side was partially leveled to
form the anchor point for the bridge's main pier. Origi-
nally equipped with rail lines on the lower deck, it was
opened to traffic in November of 1936.

The Golden Gate Bridge was begun just a few months
earlier, in January of 1933. Twin 746-foot towers were
sunk amidst the swirling tides of the Golden Gate and
huge cables hoisted, from which the rest of the bridge

je |

would hang. The longest susy g attempted,
it was to take its toll in human life. In February, 1937, ten
men were killed when their scaffolding suddenly gave way.
This single level bridge, featuring pedestrian walkways,
was opened on May 27, 1937.

smoke. When |
somehow overhe
about every perfe
much he sought 1

working the rigging at
"speak Obit

The Golden Gace Internacional
Cxposicion

Most people called this fair "Treasure Island," after
the artificial island on which the fair was held. Located on
the shoals of the north face of Yerba Buena Island, the
rectangular, 400-acre Treasure Island required three years
of dredging and filling.

leh Ly |

The fair was meant to celebrate pletion of the
two great bridges, but its theme was "A Pageant of the
Pacific" and a particular style — dubbed Pacific Basin —
was named the official design approach. Highlights of the
fair included the giant statue of the goddess Pacifica, the
Court of the Moon, the Tower of the Sun, and the
ninety-foot Arch of Triumph. Opened in February of 1939
and closed in the winter of 1940, the exposition hosted
over 17 million visitors. More commercial than earlier
expositions, it featured many popular entertainers of the
day, including Sally Rand and her "Nude Ranch." By the
time the fair closed its gates, World War II was at hand.


CUorid Car I]

World War II meant growth for the city of San
Francisco. The major staging point for the war in the
Pacific, the Bay Area became a focus of shipyards, troops,
and industry during the early 1940s. Many contemporary
institutions have their roots in this era, including the giant
Kaiser Medical Plan, originally developed by Kaiser Alu-
minum to provide needed medical care for the families of
the vast number of workers moving into the area.

1950s

Following the war, the U.S. experienced a general
economic depression while anew thing called a Cold War

heated up, threatening nuclear extinction. Alienation led
to separation and soon a new generation emerged that
questioned the values of all that had gone before. The beat
generation of Kerouac and Ginsberg was born, huddled up
in the North Beach area and on Telegraph and Russian
Hills. Poet Lawrence Ferlinghetti opened his City Lights
bookstore while Ginsberg was prosecuted for obscenity,
and beat clubs like the Purple Onion and the Hungry i
opened on Broadway. But by the end of the decade,
"beatniks" had become fashionable and the territory was
overrun by tourists.

The 1960s started off with a bang when, inspired by
beatniks, the Ban the Bomb movement, and Civil Rights
issues, the New Left hit the spotlight. When the House
Committee on Un-American Activities tried to meet in
San Francisco City Hall they were met inside the rotunda
by hundreds of angry protestors bearing placards reading:
"Witch Hunters Go Home!" Panicking, the city police
brought in fire hoses and washed and clubbed the protest-
ors out of the building. The scene inspired a generation of
protestors and the Free Speech movement spread across
the country.

By 1967 the idea had become the Free Love move-
ment and San Francisco was the center. On Haight street,
the old middle-class neighborhood
new breed of youthful mystics. Indulging in marijuana,
LSD, and other drugs, they dacultural style that was
revealed to the world during 1967's Summer of Love.
Before long, a shrewd promoter named Bill Graham had
rented a creaky old auditorium on Fillmore street and was
promoting concerts featuring local acts like Jefferson Air-
plane, Big Brother and the Holding Company, and the
Grateful Dead. These shows featured bizarre lighting ef-
fects and seemingly endless supplies of free psychedelics.

was giving way to a


The Haight quickly became a haven for drifters and
undesirables, and the movement itself degenerated into a
fashion statement and an excuse to get high — but some
things were left changed forever.

The notion of free love was one destined to be
interpreted broadly. A small night club on the corner of
Grant and Broadway made national news when Carol
Doda began performing topless. Local clubs offered com-
petition and within a few months bottomless dancing was
introduced. For several more months Carol Doda drew
customers by continually enlarging her breasts with regu-
lar injections of silicon. About this time a pair of brothers
named Mitchell moved to town from nearby Antioch.
Opening two adult theatres, one on each end of the
Tenderloin, they began developing a local pornographic
film industry that eventually went nationwide.

In October of 1966 a young woman was murdered
near Riverside, the first of a series of murders committed by
a killer known to this day only as "The Zodiac." Taunting
his victims and authorities with letters sent to newspapers,
he would kill four more times in the next three years, his
last victim a cab driver in San Francisco. Although papers
were still receiving letters as late as 1978, his identity was
never discovered. A retired area detective claims to know

the man's identity but, unable to produce any evidence, he
refuses to name his suspect.

1970s

The decade saw increasing tensions as the Vietnam
war raged on, widening the rift between opposing opin-
ions. The radical Black Panther movement in Oakland
joined with the anti-war forces in Berkeley to lash out at
authority and the establishment.

Tensions spilled over when in 1973-74 when a Black
Muslim splinter group calling themselves the "Death
Angels" randomly murdered fifteen people in San Fran-
cisco over a period of six months. Eventually arrested, four
of the accused were sent to prison and four released.

The Symbionese Liberation Army also made the
headlines. Kidnapping heiress Patty Hearst in broad day-
light, they demanded a ransom requiring the Hearst family
to distribute free food to the poor of Oakland. Hearst later
joined forces with the SLA and was accused of helping
commit at least one bank robbery.

The decade also saw the assassination of city mayor
George Moscone and supervisor Harvey Milk, San
Francisco's first openly gay elected official. He was shot
down by Dan White, a former councilman refused reap-

Chapcer Two: Niscory


pointment to his office. White pleaded the infamous
"Twinkie defense," claiming that additives in fast food had
made him mentally unbalanced. When White was sen-

less than five y San Francisco's gay population
and supporters erupted in an evening of violence now
known as the White Night Riot. Released af
term, Dan White committed suicide a short time later.

The 1980s

The latter part of the decade broug!

serving his

anew prosperity

to San Francisco, and to America as a whole. Eschewing

its old image as a small, low-rise town, the city's new era

actually began in the mid-1970s with construction of the

massive Bank of America Tower on California Street.
; . ll erated +

Soon, other highrises goingup

area, spurred on by the Reaganomics of the 1980s. With
the construction of the city's now trademark TransA merica
Pyramid, this unprecedented boom forever altered the
skyline of the city.

The 1989 Carchquake

On October 17, 1989, at 5:04 PM, San Francisco was
hit by a 7.1 magnitude earthquake, the s st since the
quake of 1906. 67 people were killed, 43 when the
double-decker Cypress freeway built on Oakland's soft
bays! d collapsed upon itself. A section of the upper
deck of the Bay Bridge collapsed as well, resulting in the
death of another driver and a massive commuter problem
that would last for a month or more. In the Marina district,
where homesare built ur t dlandfill, settling
houses touched off a fire that consumed an entire block.

However, overall damage was slight. Cracked expressways
were repaired or torn down, and after several months the
fF] A; | 1 .

i =e |
Crackea

: oe T oS =
masonry and stucco on hundreds of buildings began to
disappear. Like the phoenix that is the city's symbol, San
Francisco is always reborn from the flames.

The 1990s

The current decade has already seen a leveling off of
the bay area's population, and that of California as a
whole. Th PP ly "full," peopl leaving
California in favor of the northern coast, particularly
Portland and Seattle. The growing number of homeless in
} * = 4 LI] 4 4 A

with no obvious means of recovery have left a state that
has known only constant growth — a state containing
ne-eighth of the U.S l in search of a future.

es
+O. population

Always the land of spectacular disasters, California
grabbed the national news again in October of 1991 when
a firestorm swept through the East Bay hills, killing several
people and destroying more than 3000 homes. Fed by the
same hot, dry, inland winds that spread the 1906 fire
through San Francisco, it was one of the most destructive
urban fires on record.

When the acquittal of four policemen accused of
beating Rodney King touched off protests around the
country, the still politically conscious downtown San
Francisco was no exception. Several different groups of
protestors marched down Market Street and over Nob
Hill. Looters broke store windows and emptied shops and
stores on Market Street and around Union Square.


A) rile G Nar

Beirg an accaunl af ' The beards af The Alcardanee Nar

Me ane Anew eptect ally nal Uke canrnanes Kilhain, whal waubl happen when Ue AleX I/

b pacecnafl Truckd dkawn an he aoon, Ue syatel af The Land's, and a wan wolad won a for
he f isl Une. Mast af The charsell 98 an Cath wen nel egectally ff weused on Boral' Tivos buck
as awon rocket, ab Uheugh a Su Aprte 99 nunber af hbkings ho be Juin (ABH 6199 slrassx chimera tn Ue
farm af " packe, aay Gus ark MWlarlans.

Wien The cantael was fire, aude, spared The inaginalien af ALY whe saws 1 Tausonds af
souls Mea 19 Che first b (os an r/4 moon nackd ail wilh Ueir hear. Ara gerd 99 cows a shredding
af The Tallenchl feb af reallly al lhe Drang Half f Cede in Te our roll us filing Th world
whl Glameurn The Ylacrsur san in Tickles acl streams foo parton Te Arson, (nilisg, bamirg, ood
(eal yg oT f Cawel Through anclenl by ines, ancient edreuil allan lwprind in Ue Earth fron
feck @ din Hex & fuck, AV wer he wake Siler fire cag ar shread. Ancient Aaces
Ulal were asleep pom Boralily awake, Chimera Lag ae paeseenl becaru aubile pal n oT waka
painbsuntal wenn ane Tal waull be f Ll wen by le wertels LO men Che worl.

Clagllrgs ol sar Tl wesll [OT infer of Te Goran ob njriea LUO TAD summer
They fll The [ewe af The Ganaur Charu 9 Thneugh The ok hy ways, anclenl bale! (nes ance apaln

all soe pane nealiics, They eeclbratd The f casl af vel in Kanan af Che dfean whick leucked

7
(S

; yA . Ty 7
The a00n, dLavelng art Coad? blk fer Che tau af Connans wasion in Near Alucnica,  Leseuss
eo
We wiles uff Th wivelf ol wel bes bit iT igh be usdl
ONE hide Cw Litton Thal (Ha mane Lk weeks ne, al Chal "he ——— heel a worl
; /
COA crash 19 Hawn "een hen

The woverenls hel been sible, conkucled fon afar Though he Dnanirg Kinaln hed been

morfoalaled ine bn alg an anelenl sybol = (pallean aA The wry frame Dub in Ga Act preatranl
cneagh ad will enesgh @ acces Che ce snes Chal a Cud neguired. Na eieemanes baw Cel

af Ganaur an she wd') 3 [YOO hed ac lua weoleped Banalily saflicdentey Chal a Crack : abot be
agar n gaened pom Abadia le Ue nalar af E. a. O Gj a few see Thaye predic Che dean — bul

4 yy 2A
(AC /eCbA

DQ je . 4 , 4 >,
whe Kod Gr naydagerd (a Tee af Mende‘
/ ra
The Tracl was first viatal an Oxkb er Ds Bos 06 ie) when Uke vetl belaseen Werks wah (Kieslo Sk
/fewerfal Keble was iwolid fogge llr ak aalkoracn noble cd ubsen whew? bacx Thin kenanr prt ecs
/ ,. A c y
as (ybera far The decd These aalkorolen Trallend t lhe Caatmans wierd farlh (ne Abreakga are awk
y/ ? . 4p =
Chase Chere af CUA Wah, QUA eceslecdts, eur seerels* eer 9 Chal was Hnecesbary C ail Lh1EL AMGHD Ub
/ 5 / , " ‘a
ark barn af QUA Kew flav Me WAL can pret bed Vand befare we caulh wen Oban B pete. TAS
Cc
ack by Then we were lee lak a preven The Mik af Cran Kudves.
/ / (fs :
bo nitny Th / PY A VOY Hy, 3/ g | 2
Aft wode nb (Ke cublan af Shakaw Caurl an Halbaueen, Oulibern 3/50 Che Cheuk af Canmnens
Hy

9
CAE

acl (ne seectal' usin le hide up The new fief which kek becone apparnl oT was cary in
aandsg af ACC Sairils Day Chal Th drat Perse y We sth tite Ch hawbers of Ue Hous of
Camnans wilh Linon accomplices ark surkenk cack al shat chasgeliing Chere with tran Lutes, a
cannanes eseated The bbeed fleur dawn Che hes of The chanber ac node a feel ' i'n The cenler of
Th nen base say Tal pool pelannb on The anderson y of The Nish of on Porgied, allhouyh s

fave never been iti ‘

Chapcer Two: Niscory


AM The save Ure, dani a nase Revere al Akenenl Sredasay in Ontlarel rb hls af . chanel
DLafylt : f leas tra Gh WIaA fare with toate of Che tual C AM s Agels wha went prodding heunlly
far Ue emneenl andl a nabhve wealaus conbal enbucd . :

AW Thraugheul Th bay ana, in Ue ve xt ff Cal wserkd, ABD bards af Blacdbaurcs, wdhe warrant
neurite on molarcycle b, pilsell The anta leaking f aA fuckalls nealrall z (19 Cheb froleclerss ard clain'y9
Then tn Ue vane of Aik Kip Dele Final had' of War af . ok aude Guy dion. Tete LP eodbaurds

" &
wel alk arky Mok Ae Mblanct, ab 74 Cade rahi af , al? canmmaners hoe been brat, last @ cal
tin Ol ‘tha The DrUherhesd of Than an ancienl ealhoourdl walby af Calls, whe y bral appar ned
Th newbevee EDa KV 4 Pe. Da fh Ya fash a canpuen 19 balla, meilyg The Cul and' hein haslily -
Tralned Crees CH back. al ty, sides hee ls, bardaned wanckouses H9klisg billeny fen cack frckelel he ul
WEE fered @ Att see Chen shad) ‘
Vang Ms Avacalily af Nay fare, King Daf UW Tra Ta New Vanrk, Te the Albirardacks, where

/ / 9
ke ubed Kid raya seeblre (a draw ferlk Glamour from a af Th f (tb Ae hak abreadky calauk ae

A

/
CHOWHEL wv inte Ue "greal black Catiourn ok Crust Che Made (ula Ue Md WD rack of Che maunkin
Y Cc v
aol camed a galway QACh, \PnBHess Wp (ke anckarbed nt for lke gpeu WD af analher Tradl X lA Tans af
(o (a f . (ea " v
COMBCAYL LK AK HEA laylisl HaCKEAL he Ka tintsbisidl BLACEA Y AWK CAMK a [GA ALLL aul af Che AQCK
1), 4 9 Cr Le ae) ) If. it,
call (19 7, 4 wa /AAQ y lar Che Seal af Uhe oti (oh P09.
eo i (Se (o
CaarkHaun? 4b armies an Tara Nan ad Taking adion aX af arede rn Cechualed y Te Mp Ab COMMAE
ey " Cc (s af Cc
Mines afer, P09 Dafy ll wand Tonnble War agal'nsl al' lhe Bra lerkeod af Shar ark lhe s art ben
/ c =o (oa e "

anates, aublly dae Ta ay (nflenee an ib war shrale y' oO sok hin Che (echndzucd af guetta Warfare
/

fh j
Ak bGUGK CU BGHAK FIRM (KH UA0AKM CHA AONE,
Vi, J iy, C

Cutn Chauish wews af lke NiakO af Oran Rules kad neached Che Carb Of COAAMAMLAL WWLAYWACAL,

DLafy was chido LUpAl bid ar he nanber ef ecanmnmantss Wa es The CHE"Ay Canes (@ Fils ALMA.

*)

by ie, 2 y) ) } y / 4 a)
&, kawevers was ual ke was lke TiAb Crardk af Mar ark Kid weary eeunlenance (In ballke was Ga (erHote
. /

a Q ff
@ COAAPALALIE .
/

C T SRK CLCOME abparcnl Chal Then WEAL var, whe faclians ane AUukk by Che Vuaeclse LMR
/ . /
) l yp ff 2 2. 9 DQ MOP — zy - Q 2p.
Lirdanmercr of Cause Guydian lane af Uke Peakeley Vhaee The alher (we, naw kauseless ard kana

Af y 2 fo —y, yp ty ; , 9 @ A VY. NPP a)
bAektH, KA Hal kebeAve @ hae hil vases reacabend / ad one oy Th Selle Pig Daf av Che

c
aratecs ef Jara Nan. or a as was epee lek Th wile Cau Ha separak The A" Creed ibaa fran Chel n
900s Seelie Kak ance agal'n 6 ¢9un @ fiakl Vinseclle, Unselle Te abbot Sullt. cn The vidal af
oC C Py, bo / d
WHA Wah akreaky a Tenntb Le, KerMno le war af necergucal Aire bvabbsarudk a slay Aik af Ae war.
/ ; ie : cs ¥
Aer cwndesnal ied @ alaAkky CAULM ANY CAMMAHLA @ sbesilan A The bay arta ark fying ckhaim & all he
pag' iy é Lap a it / a ft & , .
freehold Uri, he anntes af ke BIkKke ak faurntd e Ae kik moundin Acackeh, where (key fauvek a
f/f 4 2 Q Qf ee 4) Sy y Df? 2 ap ; 4) 4 fp
sudlable bal le graure and sbered kenar-balle ailhk ane analher folau 49 The Cradilianal ballle AUS.
(o, / Me (Fs
/ le bale was barlicularky eectbve, al Lawgh heat WLEAl AAQKN YY AAGAL han CO ean wl KawWH KEAL.
/ J = /
JAC COAAHMENEAS MEE conclucledk gue warfare an lke wlhe, siarel Meh eveH SeeK1 17 aot Al A Meret
/ . uu

c
OAC (LE PARUHADL Ce al lack Chem with ALAR sien iain as Chey WLAL fe IK Ting with haune ones.

/
Vk P0149 Lafyl wor sin in he sleds of Meas Vark Cily ad las LU clein an Ue Ukrone
ce = v /
af

> 4 2 — 2. , Va ie i y YP 2
JSAAQ Mas was Charny Last ene was ua kets aofannl Co wash a dark Ve har lhe c nek ald
LUEAY WIREAL Uretliidaak kuxes, baranh, are Lntokls kel hebn aun fiefs nal fan any cubled of fublict
fn , ' ; , \ F a i 7 2 a ) 2 f ap ‘y —_
eA aw bat Arana farce af ara. yy lik Mors AAT becane (he arder af Ue day. Ckaes enbucd
SY Lf 4 4 y / /
(Ae PR0AK WIAs Kabed, AK HO CHE KNEW PEACE.

/

32 Immortal Cyes: The Toydox

oO


WALA

WK

«

ve: fant hie s af War ane be f V4 fom Th i hbards whe ho jumdled ke Eure an wilinod
nual The Emenell ose, none af ' whan fad any beller Than we. ue VR ont nm on Che Ent C abl
eonlalled by habe follewers of Daf willixg @ herp The wabsive f lentes Tora- Nar (toe ae
we V4 The Mh Lol an The Wait C wast can aide by followers af Drowcnovel ant As inoladl bn!
of Plaodlsurds, iT becant apearnl Tal gud: a heh cand 9 fon Zineade a ope Up Ch baloset af
POWEA nash Le beet uily WH The con flicl. (

/

Tye

CA

—~)

f SRM The tik Kis (Hn Auneade a wal herals Thoreugh The Tracks G belhe freclatad al Haus

Th aN an pucasl ancl exild tb Earth, becauke af The Plague af Baralily ail ib devaills9 aff ccs
ue f "

af Ue (ne
an (ke OA chasrh rb af Aneta Wert (Ae LAOKL CAA and. Araed war arh WE barcerthbh Were Sad eK
¥ Y

)

) / ff pp - / . / De f) °
on Uke Aneadlh a wile of The Tradl, vas 19 G slay any charged 9 whe Cave a nln
. oe

A

Vp

/
Thus eut aff fren hein handlok The eit canfltcls tamed desperate. o hd male, whol o caule
da bralecled The went wave of pobilily whe had came Cresgh The Trad, (ule Chrysalis as hibdrn.
if . ; ; Y . P
on Tal hardfel? af hilan was Te be The falar nulerd af The Lirghon af Crnewnde an dnl amen

Thin wah Lae wha woukh oHe day be Aik Kir
/

SS

YY)

X4

‘wr
ral

Chapter _T wo: Piscory


ew ». 4! ‘ vn
we 5 ‘eet
mah
—— Bing i :
Lo
ly

Standing at the gates

Oh this is Jericho

And the walls reach up to the stars
Outside people singing
Such a strange strange place...
— Johnny Clegg & Savuka, "Jericho"

The bay area is comprised of San Francisco Bay, San
Pablo Bay to th th, and the many i ddoz
of communities surrounding them. Although San Fran-
cisco is the best known city, and the heart of the area, its
population amounts to less than ten percent of the bay
area's total of nearly seven anda half million. Many cities
— some nearly as old as San Francisco itself — line the
shores, each unique unto itself. The bay area can be
likened to a miniature Mediterranean surrounded by a
multitude of different countries and cultures.

Lech at }

The following geography g ‘
munities of the bay area. Proceeding ina clockwise fashion,
it begins with Marin County north of the city and finishes
with San Mateo county and the peninsula just south of
San Francisco. The city itself is covered in greater detail in

the final section.

‘The Enchanced Bay Area

Throughout this section there will be numerous
fs SE pens Was Seg St | 5) Rar afr Inset Be

he chaneeliny side of things. Phis- will also include

Bee SF
freenolds

who tules the area as a fief. In general, a noble will
iB 5 py ks eer cs That ha hole

ra

within her fief. Excep + i d, assume that

Pale SORT irs Piaie a posts = in peer |

2 {, ae
has sworn fealty to that land's ruler. True commoners

"holding freeholds in the bay area either do so secretly,

Ti

by force of arms, or through special arrangement with
1 Wa Ge ee se apy Feabet aeesen fk ea

ay ced tothis in describ-
your Changeling stories.


Marin County lies directly north of the city, con-
nected to San Francisco by the famous Golden Gate
Reid

p ing the narrow strait between the bay and the
Pacific. Generally thought to be the wealthiest county in
the U.S., Marin is the center of New Age thinking, crystal
magic and modern shamanism. Comparatively undevel-
oped, much of the county is brown, rolling hills and
valleys.

Marin is home to any number of small bedroom
communities such as Mill Valley and Novato, peopled by
middle-class and better — usually those seeking a place to
raise their children away from the hectic pace of the city
or the East Bay. San Rafael is the county's largest city and
the site of the San Quentin maximum security prison
housing some of the state's most dangerous criminals,
including Charles Manson. China Camp State Park to the
north is an abandoned, but still intact, Chinese shrimp
fishing village of the 19th and early 20th centuries.

@

mK
iy
El

&
€
‘

CDc. Tamalpais

This is only half of Marin County — the eastern half.
The western side, all the way to the Pacific Ocean, is given
over to the Golden Gate National Recreation Area, Point
Reyes National Seashore to the north, and Mt. Tamalpais
State Park. Once virgin redwood forest, most of this area
avily logged in the late 19th century to build the
now-famous Victorian row homes of San Francisco. The
nearby town of Mill Valley — the oldest town in Marin —
was named after the sawmills that supplied the town its
economy. Although the area now seems completely re-
grown, the only virgin redwood forests are found in the
deep and inaccessible canyons around Mt. Tamalpais —
those areas the loggers deemed too difficult to harvest.
Here stand redwoods over 350 feet tall, shadowing forest

was |

floors covered with ferns and linden. Brooks splash down
1 cal }

canyon walls e seen swimming upstream

to spawn.
Steep trails interlace the area. Hikers climbing these
ils ur of the cany oparidg looking tl
vast Pacific Ocean. Below lie Muir Beach, Stinson Beach,
and to the north, Bolinas Bay. Beyond Bolinas is the larger
Drake's Bay, believed to have been the anchoring site of

l >) 2


the English privateer in 1579. Narrow Tomales Bay marks
the San Andreas faultline that from here runs
south-southwest just offshore San Francisco. Nearby is the
Tennessee Valley, site of the Green Gulch Farm and Zen
Center, an organic farm and Buddhist retreat.

The high cliffs south of Muir Beach running around
the Golden Gate are known as the Marin Headlands. A
beautiful area for views, greenery and fresh air, the site is
dotted with old forts and concrete gun emplacements.
Some of these are as old as the Civil War, others as recent
as World War II — all of them installed to defend the
harbor against possible invaders. These bunkers are now
empty, the guns long ago dismantled, taken away, and
replaced by picnic tables. Just south of Rodeo Lagoon is a
1950s Nike ballistic missile site with disarmed nuclear
missiles still in position. The southern tip of the Head-
lands is Point Bonitas, site of an old lighthouse and the
Marine Mammal Center specializing in the rescue and
rehabilitation of injured sea animals.

I F Beach is home to the old Easkoot
House. Alfred Easkoot was a New England sea captain
whose lumber ship was wrecked in this area in the mid-
19th century. He later returned with a Philadelphia bride
and, using some of the lumber salvaged from his earlier
wreck, built the New England-styled home still standing
here.

Easkoot was successful but his marriage was rumored
unhappy. Easkoot himself was quite frightening. A ship-
F; 4 4 4

board fire in his youth had d his f

cal bent. This is what gives the fief its reputation for
being so "laid back." (See the description of Queen
Aeron in Chapter Four for more information about the
Royal Family of Pacifica.)

The Barony isruled over by Baron HarolddiMarcos,
the charming and faithful Castellan of Caer Redwood,
the royal seat. Caer Redwood is the site of many expen-
sive and lavish parties when the queen is in town (and
not visiting Caer Angel h dis still quite
a hospitable place when she is not.

It is well known that the Prodigals known as the
Garou inhabit the area of Mt. Talmalpais and the Muir
Woods park. As well hi (affiliated with th i
tribes of the Ohlone, the Miwok, and the Tlingit) have

Y
aT i £4} £licl 1

P p g
ing the mountain. After several bloody battles during th
reign of King Sean, Queen Aeron wisely granted the
nunnehi of the area sovereignty over the mountain and
the park and named it a special protectorate all its own.

gh the q isloath togiveup nat the
protectorate because of the freehold-hungry northwest-
ern dukes in Vancouver and Seattle, she is content to
allow the nunnehi to hold it in perpetuity.

A general fiat has been issued that no citizen of
Pacifica violate the borders of the protectorate on pain of
exile — for some reason the local Garou there are very
paranoid and anger easily. They are also reputed to have

S Fa Tat fC. 1: .

hand to a withered claw. When his wife died suddenly,
there were rumors he had poisoned her, but an autopsy
showed nothing. Alone and embittered, in his later years
he is said to have fitted his useless hand with a golden
hook. He finally died of a heart attack in 1905.

The house has been occupied ever since, but most
inhabitants report strange noises, doors opening and clos-
ing by themselves, and ghostly visions of the old captain
stalking his home.

The Royal Barony of
CDuirwiood —

Most of what mortals call Marin County (except
Mt. Talmalpais, but see below) has, since the 70's, been
claimed as a royal fief by the Throne of Pacifica. Before
that it was the he fa wild herd of unicc hime
who still roam the area and bask in the genuine good-
natured energy that seems to flow there.
Part of the reason behind this is, of course, the
ly DA 2 r good 1 metaphysi-

'y f=)

Ti
excellent

Although the unicorns have long since gone into
hiding, they have been seen running through the red-
woods on Beltane Eve and at Midsummer, and a few
Kithain have claimed to have ridden on one (although
usually after several draughts of faerie wine).

Caer Redwood
I di | 1 fe near Mill Valley, hidden

by a perpetual mist in the midst of a circle of giant
redwoods, the caer is heavily defended by archers posted
platt g i he sides of the trees. The central

1 " een | 1, 4 : aeares | re |

the centuries, but has been carved out with rooms and
hallways by patient boggan and nocker stonemasons.
Rp £¢1. PBR fred fay .. 1 £, 1.

is allowed at Caer Redwood. Instead, visitors collect their
own Glamour rushlights: the shells of chimeric glow
beetles caught in crystal globes. The lights fluoresce in the
natural Glamour of the area, providing light in the dark
corridors and tunnels within the caer. It is considered a
great honor to dine with Queen Aeron in the crystal

Chapcer Three: Geography 37


lichen chamber, where thousands of crystalline shelf
rin Dee seen } 1 es eyeuunsuirs

133
would

pleasing tone and quality. Queen Aeron's own room is

Tea noes: PEGS [Na 5 a }. 5 RG ROE |
has been polished to an almost mirror-bright sheen. The
floor is strewn with pine needles for decoration, aroma
and traction. Reddish, clear-resin cups and plates are the

traditional chinaware.
2

The Cine Councry

North of Marin lies Sonoma County and to the
northeast, Napa. Inland valleys protected from the coastal
fog, they are warm, dry, and sunny when compared to the
immediate bay region. The fertile valleys have been pro-
ducing wines since the days of the missions; though
Sonoma and Napa account for less that five percent of
California's total wine production, their wines are ac-

Cher Red } tes je
to Cauldron Pool, l pool sai itohaveo
been touched by the Cup of Dreams itself. The Caul-
dron Pool is said to have both healing and prophesying
powers, and any such cantrip attempted in 1 the
= T f S Psa Ne

Gives fy Ree We eo Ue

y'
1 ] :
pieasantry v

te , giving the impression that it is boiling,
Thi ae = a= J, e H Bape a) bef

of Trees, agi atte
are 5

Thich f of

endously thick braided root-fibers sealed

| ledged the country's finest. Most of the wineries are
open to the public, offering tours and free tastings. In
general, it is a wealthy region, serving as an upscale
vacation spot for city dwellers.

Sonoma Valley

Sonoma, also known as The Valley of the Moon, is
the less developed of the two; the wineries are smaller, and
the tourist spots less obvious. The city of Sonoma, in the
south, was the later home of Jack London as well as the site
of the famous Bear Flag Revolt that marked the American
annexation of California. At the other end of the valley,
20 mil is Santa Rosa, home to Luther Burbank and

EY

to her
A L :

up by winged chimera or through the complex pulley-
See eo 5 eee | Rae) '

CcKer

Engineer Cams (oho incidentally dks belt hebell:
< = >. Yin a . i HOY 1

room itself

POOR? LtSeLe iF y V

discovers that the angles of the supporting trees mean
1. Ws. i) J oe hil. ] u

toward each other, one day to fall completely over). A

p Sty lly {f Teak 4 1 yt } twit! an
elegant carrying handle made of brass is Aeron's pre-
ferred method of travel, carried aloft byagiant chimeric
war falcon.

Caer Redwood has never been adequately seiged
because it is rough and overgrown, ina thickly forested
area, and very hard to find in the mists. The now-elite

Redwood Archers have made a reputation for them-
selves by melting out of the greenery and peppering
attacking forces with dozens of sharp tooth-arrows

AUR ORE PEIN PULLS 1 3 ae F q 5 ey

only once duving he Wecordance War, and that wae by
Het < RESO | ai ve

=
LK Teabad Ay ieee | 1%

to little success, for

so easily catch flame.
Courtly life used to be quiet and rustic, filled with
‘cool evenings around the balefire (the only "flame"
allowed within) and endl y-circles. Today, how-
A 1. WL j L PEE: J J. 4)

Ls E

four-poster bed ue her love Hemat"

Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

the birthplace of Robert L. Ripley. The best known win-
eries of the valley — usually small adobe, hacienda-styled
buildings— include B Vista Winery, Hacienda Wine
Cellars, and Gundlach-Bundschu.

At the northern end of the valley is Jack London
State Park. Trail: d what was once the author's
property. The ruins of his home, Wolf House, destroyed in
a 1913 arson attack, can still be seen. Jack London died
three years after its burning and is buried in the area.

The Valley of the Moon Saloon, located on the
Sonoma highway, is reputedly haunted. Although appar-
ently no malicious attacks have ever occurred, floating
objects, as well as items that mysteriously disappear, only
to reappear a few days later, have all been reported.

Napa Valley

Napa Valley is the far better known of the twoand the
one most often visited. The city of Napa, at the southern
end of the valley, was once an active port before being
superseded by the deep water ports of San Francisco and
Oakland. St. Helena, 22 miles to the north, was for a short
sid f Robert Louis S
last 15 years of his life, Ambrose Bierce.

time the and, for the

The town of Calistoga, at the northern end of the
valley was developed in 1860 by San Franciscan Sam
Brannan as a resort area. It still offers hot spring therapies
and mud baths. Old Faithful, a small geyser, is found near

> Wa

MP

caso

Sam Va


the town, as well as a petrified forest of ancient redwoods,
long ago turned to stone by volcanic ash from nearby
Mount St. Helena. Presently inactive, this conical
4343-foot peak dominates the area. From the top one can
see as far as the Pacific Ocean in the west, Mt. Shasta in the
north, and the Sierra Nevadas in the east.

The Ouchy of Gooduune

Ruled over by the Duchess Aoibhell, the Duchy of
Goodwine is as lang' ly decad
attracted scores of satyrs from all over the world, who
have largely overrun the place (see also the Brother-
hood of the Barrel in Chapter Five for more details).

as its ruler. It has

vineyards themselves, and in the deep and dark cellars
beneath the winery. Here dwell the Brotherhood of the
Barrel, the most gently lecherous band of satyr drunk-
ards and winesmiths the Kingdom of the Turtle holds.
The so-called Delphic Chambers lie beneath the
buildings of the winery proper. These deep and dark
ine i lly made, infusing the

spirit of the grapes with the spirit of Glamour as well.
Unmapped, they exist as a twisty maze of dim, humid
chambers that look like they've been melted rather than
carved out of the living rock. Suffused with a warm
burgundy light, each chamber boasts several barrels of

wine set
f

4 Ves
Caverns are where the

a proj well asaset
i ith d J cushions. There is also.an

Several glens exist in vineyards tk i this region,

ai

where changelings lounge the summer months away
x bk any fae 1 Fon RSE + 1
Or

oa
open tun of wine, with dipper and wooden bowls, placed
‘ ee 1 £ }. z fis
TOT

he Brothers. The

In a way, the Duchy of Goodwine is as isolated and
| ] x J.

y hold: Caer Lunara in Sonoma — an
ancient, nearly-impossible-to-find early Californian villa
ith ki ig d although
spies f i) : 1: sy 1 ps 1 and
its wine cellar has a reputation for never running dry.
The Brotherhood of the Barrel operates Arcadia
Vines, a small winery in the southern portion of the
Napa Valley. They have somewhat of a cult following
among wine connoisseurs. They are very experimental
and have been known to have as guests some of the
world's foremost authorities on winemaking and grape-
growing. By special arrangement with the duchess, the
Brotherhood holds the winery freehold as a banneretcy
under the control of their leader, by dint a knight in
title. Arcadia Vines must tithe a portion of their output
to the Duchess's own household in return.

A circle of nymphs have been sighted around the
geothermically active zone in Goodwine — true to
form, they stay well away from any satyr revels. They
have been known to show up at Aoibhell's summer
courts to make political demands:

It is said that a large prehistoric chimeric grizzly
patrols the northernmost reaches of Goodwine Duchy.
Aoibhell has offered a considerable reward for its cap-
ture, less for its pelt.

The Arcadian [-reeholds

The freeholds of the Napa Valley surround the
buildings of the satyr-run Arcadian Winery. While the
buildings of the winery themselves are too thoroughly
overrun (with tourists, visiting wine snobs and other
visitors of a decidedly mundane stripe) to harbor the
Glamour of a freehold, there is still magic hidden in the

rooms themselves are all roughly 20 by 20 feet, with
ceilings up to 15 feet above the stone floors: Veins of red,

white, and yellow crystal run through the stone walls,
ra) * 1 fe sf 4 } out £41)

the shades that wine can hold.

The combination of the wine and the dancing
lights has been known to spontaneously produce bouts
of prophetic Soothsaying in members of the Brother-
hood, hence the name "The Delphic Chambers." This
is the true purpose of the stone couches placed in each
of the caverns, to serve as resting places for Brothers
who have been stricken with Apollo's gift. The fre-
quency of tl ks of prophecy has been increasing
lately, and many members of the Brotherhood are so
discomfited by this that they refuse to do any of their
serious drinking underground. This is not to say that
they don't use th and the couch for other
purposes, but the undercurrent of worry has removed
some of the ambient charm from the Chambers.

Nevertheless, the Delphic Chambers are open to all
members of the Brotherhood and their invited guests. To
reach them, all one has to do is pass through the door
marked "Private" between the Arcadia Winery Gift Shop
and the office of JZ, head of security, and then descend a
staircase that gradually shifts from molded concrete with
tread strips to molded stone with glowing bands of inset
erystal. There is also a manually powered lift, crafted by

| a) 1 ye } oo | £4 q

which is used to transport the wine between the Cham-
bers and the bottling facilities in the buildings of the
winery proper. The lift is also made from cunningly
disguised stone, the better to avoid disturbing the wine as
it's removed from its original habitat. A huge bronze
| hat si man it, is used to raise

winch
, i=)
Still, none of tl bi

Zot |
1 o
=}

and lower tl

Chapcer Three: Geography 39


diatthe Barrels 4 Way

2 { the first fruits of each pressing
that they raise. : Be een | ae
eA di

Picideone apelin:

Out in the hidden places in the vineyards of
the chimerical vines grow tall and wild. Fo
selves into structures out of dream, they ci

is no map, nor even a consistent sh:

greenery. The vines reshape themselves as' they wish,

sf De bee

of gazel day, then absorb-

raising a |
g

i
}
C

inevitably devolves into something combining the worst
Jeme 1 food fig! hildren's wading pool, but

looks carefully <

y
Pediat eas | a Rees is BOR Sa

ng them overnight and thrusting skyward a fluted tower.
} ise. 11 7s Daher weet Feat ey Bae PON

tition to seek out and show off unique examples of living
architecture before the vines weary of hok
and reahsorb them. sei ee accel

Specifically, there are the vast wooden vats wherein the
I3 ‘Lelscat SEG TAY

wh
BT

the satyrs seem to enjoy themselves and the wine that
after a

table stay in the Delphic Chambers)

. The vats themselves are made from
, decorated with chimerical paintings
‘naean style, While the ritual tromping
ide the vat, the paintings dance their
AES ee. NAS | < ej The

Cs

e witness to this chimerical minuet claims that if one
he d, i e fig C i ‘s walls they
A Duke Aeon Count Elias

n otable court figures of Pacifica. Furthermore,

the dancing

ays ste Word

v h other and the actual relations
se presented to the public) between the

is has been verified by no less a
mn Harold diMarcos, but immediately

of the grapes. Whenever a crop is harvested, the entir
Brotherhood rushes to these oases of physical permanence
in the midst of the psychotic greenery and dive en masse
into the luscious piles of freshly picked The activity

le E

Wali at \

Neg AOS ere ee 4

i

 satyrs' security network in order to watch

fs

vas


Reerettably, tt |
3! y

avail. This is not to say, however, that the members of the
Brotherhood of the Barrel don't occasionally take advan-

tage of the information that can be gleaned from this:
source. They're drunkards, after all, not fools.

The Casz Bay

The area known as the East Bay includes portions of
Contra Costa and Alameda counties, and extends as far
south as San Jose and the border of Santa Clara County.
Richmond, Berkeley, Oakland, and Hayward are among

C

at l] } }
by smaller ci

its largest cities, sf
nities such as El Cerrito, Albany, Alameda, and others.

Most of these communities maintain a constant for-
mula. Ind i {th ‘ahborhood located

I

nearest the bay, along with the railroad and BART lines.
Lower middle-class neighborhoods inhabit the gridded
flatlands between the bay and the line of eastern hills,
while the rich live in the hills overlooking the flatlands.

The Chimeric Gasz Bay

Basically, East Bay is a fairly dangerous Unseelie
place. Despite the presence of both Duchess Aoibhell
and Count Elias, wild commoner gangs still mostly

Leh fi himeric perst Particu-
larly active and chief among the outlaw changeling
packs in the area is Ragger's Band, which consists of
mostly Unseelie commoners. They prey on travelers
through Oakhold County and the Wildlands in that
area unclaimed and unpatrolled by Elias.

Richmond

Marin County is linked directly to the East Bay by the
sprawling double-decked Richmond-San Rafael Bridge.
In stark contrast to Marin, the city of Richmond is an
economically depressed community riddled with
vapor-spewing chemical refineries and dominated by the
great Endron Oil refineries on the bay shore. A boomtown
during World War II, Ri 1 shipyards employed
100,000 ing ships for wartime. Itnow suffers
from high unemployment rates, gang wars, rampant crack
addiction, and drive-by shootings.

Richmond was the site of the last U.S. whaling
station on the West Coast. The facility was finally closed
in 1971.

Richmond L-reeholds and Glens
The area of Richmond is notably lacking of frecholds,
although there are a few small ones held by knights in the

d Count Elias. In general

aT een ae if Fire ee

: geling éa "the Wildlands," as afew
hiding (if aod played the story in the Changeling tulebook,
‘ C+} q+ igi lly Pane ar b mayhave

ible tt bE | F

is out there

escaped to here). It's p :
have been abl Only
: y

amongst thescrub, but

Ragger's Band frequents this area.

The Playground

Ailnesd ts a rs eR | 1

Spree 88
} < ee

power
the issue. | X Pp T ie ted
district, Ragger's hideaway is but one of the little thief's
dozens of bases. This one, powered by the desperate
dreams of those who were trapped in the shipbuilding
grind and located far from any Seelie knights capable of
enforcing the Royal Will, is simply one of his favorites.
A . 1 ] oe: 1. Th ‘ He =

ALS 4 ak 4.
c=)

sets and the like in the fide ofa nondescript little cae
Ragger's Playground has often been pointed to in the
(ay 1-1. j = Pe f ] ie i £

a Pay Sere

Tor

-drugdealing and gang violence. It is even regarded as
ald 5 ae | 1 lana

quaint how some of tl play y
do seem to come from miles away) seem to have created
for tt li gical kingdom from the toys and
rides. Also remarkable is the consistency with which the
game is played. You'll never find these children arguing
over which toy answers to which fantastic name...
4 = fies

different. D ti gi
every surface. Faces leer from the polished metal of the
slide and impossibly delicate castles as tall as trees rise
somehow from thesandbox. The top of theslide, of course,
is Ragger's seat. Transmuted from base metal to gold, the
ladder that 4 ZS pier rare. ‘ ly p a] =I
with those seeking favors ‘sweets or what-
ever else Ragger can dispense. Once they've received
whatever Ragger's decided they deserve, it's down the

slide and the next petitioner takes her place.
is never deserted, even in Ragger's
inevitably self-appointed "lieuten-

1 (Se es ee

of course little

ts. plumes. Afi d te
oe

bas

Side. Thae Re :

eal)

Chapter Three: Geography


Berkeley

Berkeley is best known as the home of the University of
al AER 3 iB 4 c. ut

California, al 1960s. The Univer-
sity and its 30,000 students are certainly the center and main

industry of the city and, despite creeping conservatism, their

presence helps to maintain a legacy of progressive thinking.

Politics these days revolve mostly around feminist issues and

annually announcing a new "official" name for American

Indians, butrecent I pate of violentd

tions over homeless rights and related issues. Riots resulting in
1 1 1

injuries, arrests

Telegrapt

A », en ee

d ie shops 1 book of
the 190A0< d, - }

North Berkeley is also home to older students and faculty.
Expensive houses situated along winding hillside roads afford
beautiful views of the bay (the fabled "five-bridge view"). Site of
the some of the devastation of the East Bay firestorm of 1991,
many neighborhoods are still barren, reduced to ashes by the
holocaust and not yet rebuilt. Shattuck Avenue is the main
commercial district, featuring a number of distinctive restau-
rants, book stores, and other outlets. West of the hills the
flatlands are of lower value but increasingly well-cared for, and
property values are on the rise.

also took place on this street.

Immortal Cyes: The Toydox

Berkeley:
Ouchess Aoidhells Prize

Jealously guarded by Aoibhell, the jewel in her
| + 1 1 Ce

is Berkeley. F

shout their fiery slog: d cry aloud their propaganda
to the intense intellectual coffee klatches she sponsors
ona regular basis, Aoibhell uses Berkeley as her mental
sharpening stone. Though she places both her mortal
and her chimeric self in danger each time she holds
court there (due to the fractious forces who find harbor
in both Oakland and Richmond), she finds it an inter-
esting consideration.

Despite Berkeley's intellectual environment, there
aren't many freeholds there. Those that are here have
curiously been drained more and more frequently over
the years, without warning.

Caer [ianasedd

Contained within a suitably antique mansion on
the north side of town, Caer Llanwedd (pronounced
LON-weth — pronouncing it "Lan-wed" is a perfect


way to ensure that the Duchess will think of you as a
certified hick) is carpeted entirely in soft, luxurious
moss. The verdant growth actually covers every flat
surface in the freehold, including walls, ceilings and
furniture. The moss emits a soothing green glow, anc
the effect is calming instead of claustrophobic. Scat-

= fae} 1 1, ra 14 haltech aed

at fa p=) 3
flowers that add a yellow gleam, sparkling softly with
theirown magic. All visi ired by the duchess'.
law to remove their footwear at Caer Llanwedd's gates,
so that the deli 4g : ap! Eke eeseeses I
A refusal to obey is a sign of extreme disrespect.

Inthe b f the caer is a large pool, tiled in
a mosaic depicting the flight of the Kithain from Earth
just before the trods closed. A pair of identical figures,
with gems in place of eyes, can be spotted towards the
shallow end of the pool near a representation of what
‘he unk ist has fancifully titled "Ye Last Gate."
No names are attributed to the two figures, but their
images glare at each other with such hatred that even
casual observers can feel it. Otherwi 1 f th
) he < e Li EY

Vz ae

take care to infuse the waters with fragrances, essential
oils; or f Its as Aiob ands. The grotto of
the pool is lit by balefire lanterns ensconced in the
walls, and the everpresent 9s tight up to th
water's edge. Selki 1 ionally be found rt
ing in the g
Kithain in assorted states of undress.

Upstairs is the ballroom, still carpeted in moss.

& Winey Sarees

as can various

Most Kithain will quickly conclude that the caer is

much larger inside than out, as the ballroom is lined

with chimeric trees of at least a century in age. At the
: its a raised dais with a throne and

a wooden table that look to have g d y

the sround LT Sa Pee, Woo) @ See bps j 1. 1.t 1

es
and guest chambers,
oss. Indeed, the beds

hospitality, and good taste.

Oakland

The city of Oakland has long been the blue-collar
to San F the bay. Perpetually
cast in the role of a "second city," Oakland is still the
largest port on the West Coast and the terminus of the
cross-country railroad. During the 1950s, labor problems
and sluggish investment in new, containerized shipping
methods at San Francisco resulted in many freighters
diverting their trade to other ports in the bay. Oakland
benefited most and today huge cranes — very similar to,
and possibly the inspiration for George Lucas's AT-AT
walkers in The Empire Strikes Back —stand along the docks
near Alameda Island, unloading automobiles and other
products from Japan and Taiwan. Oakland is generally
sunnier and from five to ten degrees warmer than San
Francisco; its climate is rated among the very best in the
world. Regardless, Oakland still suffers from an image as
San Francisco's homely sister across the bay. Gertrude
Stein, anative of Oakland, once complained: "There is no
there there."

Oakland runs the gamut from the poorest ghettos of
the western flatlands filled with crackhouses and gangs to
the expensive, exclusive suburbs located on the hills

looking the bay. Influenced by bordering Berkeley,

seats her special guests. Clockwork musicians, obvi-
i ke: af i | heck ber's side. and tables

and t s p

strikes the duchess's fancy. 2p

Atthe back of the first floor, opposite the ballroom,

is the throne room: the seat of Aoibhell's power. There

isa circle of stone, completely bare of moss, directly
3 4. 5 Wi pacits a e he mcee te Aawit}

Opis
itt

milk-colored fur and red eyes strains, hungrily, at its

leash. A golden horn hangs on the wall, encased in
glass. None may touch it, under pai ath. None
know why. When the duchess seat

throne, the rest of the room goes dark save f

Oakland has long been a breeding ground for radical
political movements, including the Black Panthers of the
1960s and the Symbionese Liberation Army, who kid-
napped Patty Hearst in the 1970s. The hills of Oakland
suffered heavily in the 1991 firestorm and, two years later,
many areas are still barren and yet to be rebuilt.
Although Oakland is mostly a suburban community
of bungalows set in small yards, a sizable downtown area
exists around the 12th Street and Broadway area. Here are
found shops and theaters, and a few highrises. To the south
of this area is Jack London Square, named after one of the
city's most famous natives and situated on the Inner
Harbor, a narrow inlet off the bay. Formerly the old
fishermen's waterfront once haunted by the delinquent
waif London, it is now remodeled and populated by an

Chapzer Three: Geography


assortment of boutiques and specialty shops. Heinhold's
First and Last Chance Saloon is one of the few enterprises
from London's youth still found here. Ferries running to
San Francisco and other destinations dock at the square.

To the east is Lake Merritt, site of Oakland's Festival
at the Lake and other community celebrations. It is
surrounded by highrise bank buildings, condominiums
and apartment complexes, forming the center of Oakland's
most desirable downtown neighborhood. It was tidal la-
goon, bridged and dammed in 1860, and now the nation's
oldest wildlife refuge, populated by migrating flocks of
ducks, geese, and herons.

Alameda Island was severed from the mainland in
1902 as part of the harbor development program, the
channel forming a passage for freighters unloading at the
Port of Oakland. The southern part of the island is residen-

ae har - £1

pper classes.

}
ign,

island isoccupied by Alameda

TI | stend of th
Naval Air Station. Gigantic, nuclear-powered aircraft

carriers are often anchored along its shore.

East Oakland lies south of the Caldecott Tunnel and
includes the small independent community of Piedmont.
These are hillside neighborhoods inhabited mostly by
professionals and other upscale types. Joaquin Miller Park
isa favorite patch of green, named after the local poet who
once dwelt in the area. Standing at the foot of the park,
fully-lighted at night and visible for many miles around, is
the impressive Mormon temple overlooking the bay.

}

Furthersouth, Oakland foll |

wt = aE qe i |
f founc

aes ih 1

a all, Oakhold isa very Unseelie place.

Caer Ogun

at Lake Merritt Caer Ogun
4 Fe Ul 23 14 4

landings, connected by rope bridges, cables, nets and less
2 j = TR AS Ee: 1. L LW

trave.

c ra ye by
a leafy canopy woven with Glamour's aid, the caer re-

ee. ys Seton s Wes Moral be Ia) 1 aa tees
i : c

oS
1+ 7 1 ve 4

parents. Accessible only from a chimerical bronze stair-
4 4 £ 1 j iC the | ak e

case that ip t LOE gi
itself, Caer Ogun (which translates to "Castle of Iron,"
demonstrating Count Elias' keen appreciation for the
s Bee ae so FN * (at pi Rok ee Pe rr

various sizes. Count Elias' personal flet, the Ironheart, is
the very furthest from the ground and is accessible by
means of two spiral rope ladders, one to the east and one
to the west. It is here that Eli ives visi dh
petitions, though none are ever allowed on the Ironheart
save Elias and those to whom he wishes: to speak. The
members of Oakhold's cc | he fl evel
own, i y Kithai

and something less polite by the Unseelie.

The flets are generally 15 feet on a side, attached
directly to the wood of the trees by some stupendous
exercise of Primal. Movement between the flets is

}}s}. 1

Sie ee A eee

Some of the city's most dangerous
in the flatlands south of downtown, while expensive resi-
dences continue to line the hills. Oakland Coliseum, home
of the Oakland Athletics and Golden State Warriors, lies
between the BART lineand the shore. A little farther south
is Oakland I ional Airf smaller and less imposing
than SFO across the bay, but rapidly expanding. Another
twenty miles of endless tract suburban housing — looking
somewhat dusty and faded in the bright sun — brings one to
San Jose and the southern end of the bay.

The Councy of Oakhold

The troubled County of Oakhold is in one of the
worst places for a changeling to be: close to industrial
steelmaking facilities. Raw cold iron isnot uncommon in
Oakland. To make things worse, there are those who say
that the eshu Count Eliasi i ble oft i he
| 4

t is ner

| 1 : A

missed the fact that several heralds have vanished on
missions to deliver hismessages. Although nothingcan be
proven, it inly suspicious in the duke's ey

44 Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

=

deliberately , making the caer almost impossible to
take by storm. On those occasions when Caer Ogun has
been attacked, Elias has simply ordered the brass stair-

case to melt into thin air, dropping those leading the

charge to their deaths. Elias also has been known touse
12 3 cx Lees Ri Se | ie

Y t DS

who diplease him.

Blades Edge

The Unseelie knight has appropriated this smaller

1 Tit = Let A - J. } tT,
Oakland and is both weaker and less ostentatious than
Caer Ogun. More fully described in the story "The
Rambling Rover" (see Chapter Six), The Blade's Edge
superficially resembles a townhouse gone to seed. It is
only the keenest eye that will detect that the wood
panels of the I yet living, and that the stairs are
rounded from years of slow growth, not the tread of
passing feet. In fact, the entire house is sleepily living,

= In S mh CC apr oop Ee (ih AE Cts brs

and while it i | y
= 1 1 £ Lp

2) 5
Ts. Dn 4 }

who disapprove of Blade's seiatire of the place.

Rina

Na UN ae

ea

WsaP \


The Inland Valleys

Beyond the range of high hills defining the bay area
lie numerous communities nestled within a brown, rolling
landscape. The region is dominated by Mt. Diablo, an
inactive volcano nearly 4000 feet high. From its summit
one can see 200 miles in almost every direction.

To the south lies Concord, the largest community in

ds of commuters. It is also the

the area and home

site of a controversial naval nuclear weapons depot, and
near the infamous Port Chicago where an accidental blast
during World War II killed scores of black seamen at work
loading a ship filled with munitions. Not far away, near
Mt. Diablo, is where Eugene O'Neill built his home and
wrote many of his later plays.

15 miles to the southeast is the city of Livermore, site
of the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory specializing in
nuclear weapons research. The nearby Altamont pass is
filled with modernistic windmills erected by a private
power company to generate cheap electricity. Close by is
an abandoned race track, site of the disastrous 1969
Rolling Stones concert where a fan was murdered by Hell's
Angels employed as security guards.

The Limics of
Cvaines Lief

Countess Evaine technically lays claim to all the
1£ 1. kh 3 ite Ff fh 5 GR 4 Jj

the city of San Francisco, reaching as far out as San Jose.
Chad SIs he Des Rr eh oes qed } L]

Bw at F,
in the area, but for good reason. Her fief has little in the

Ano

: ey *
or her time
4 }

ei ee
Nuevo. Evaine cares nothing for politics, maintains only
1 <11. yx ty; ene oe a fh See 8

S feats: 1
2 a | Nein 5 Las BRC - Ax
q

greatest allies Indeed the lr pl keep Evaine b
informed about the goings on in the bay than Acibhell's

spies do for their mistress.

San Jose

San Jose dominates the south bay. Once a small
community immortalized by the Dionne Warwick/Burt
Bacharach hit Do You Know the Way to San Jose?, it is now
asprawling, centerless city with a population nearly twice
the size of neighboring San Francisco. Home of the famous
Silicon Valley, Apple Computers, and Hewlett-Packard,
civic pride has inspired San Jose to purchase an NHL


hockey franchise and make repeated attempts to steal
baseball's Giants away from San Francisco. A seemingly
endless landscape of uninspiring bungalows and industrial
parks, the city is screened from the sea breezes by the
northern tip of the Santa Cruz Mountain range, resulting
in a warmer and more humid climate than other parts of
the bay. Perhaps due to its rapid growth, San Jose now
suffers from some of the worst ghetto-based crime in the
bay area. Gangs, drive-by shootings, carjackings, and
racially motivated attacks seem all too commonplace.

Reached from San Francisco by an hourly CalTrain
commuter route, San Jose's chief tourist attraction is the
Great America Amusement Park. Less popular is the
Rosicrucian Museum displaying ancient Assyrian and
Babylonian artifacts, Egyptian mummies, jewelry and a
simulated tomb.

Of special interest is the Winchester Mystery House.
Begun in 1884, the house's ongoing construction occu-
pied theremaining thirty-eight years of Sarah Winchester's
life. Heiress to the Winchester Arms fortune, Sarah be-
lieved that she was under a curse placed on her by the
countless victims killed by Winchester Arms, and had to
build rooms to house the dead. The Gothic Victorian

| 1 point-

monstrosity y 3
less rooms, stairs leading nowhere, narrow hallways less
than two feet wide, secret doors, and ceilings so low one
had to stoop to enter.

At midnight each night, Sarah would don a night-
gown inscribed with occult symbols and weave her way
through mazes of rooms via secret, sliding panels to the
"seance room." For the next two hours she would receive
instructions from the ghosts, telling her what sort of
chambers and galleries should be built next. Thirteen is
the dominant theme of the house, reflected in the number
of lights on chandeliers, coat hooks on walls, windows in
rooms, and even the number of drainage holes in the
kitchen sink's trap.

At the widow's death
hundred rooms, of which more than a hundred and sixty
still stand today. In places, nails can be still be seen
half-driven into walls where workmen, informed of the
mistress's death, abruptly halted their labors. Apparitions
reportedly seen around the house seem to be some of the
old Winchester |

ing the manse.

g izable freehold in San Jose is,
peaking, not a freehold at all. The Win-
oe 3 Paes hireee pS)» 4 5 sy a a ei}!

hel ined seven

s, apparently guard-

beasts and objects, but such is their power toacne

46 Immorcal Cyes: The Toybox

Kithain dares to attempt to establish a permanent hold
= . ri 1 ] j

Pp Frequent i
by the odd thirteen-eyed beasts who prowl the grounds
and hallways, but only so long as they're not too fre-
1: 1 Gh ses eg Pas wena eer

iat

quent. F:
amusement, but these can also devolve into running
battles that last until the intruding Kithain are driven
off the house's grounds or chimerically killed.
Kithain can gather Glamour here, in surreptitious
games of hide-and-seek with the imaginary keepers
2 1 1 1 j +} g J, A pri me
target for those who wish to absorb the Glamour of the
place is the UnClock, a chimerical flowerclock with
hi hour markings, springing f het 's front
lawn. The UnClock boasts only an hour hand, but that
hand moves at its own pace, sometimes forward and
sometimes backwards. The other chimera tend to gather
at the UnClock whenever the lone hand poi d
the 13 andstays th but at most other times they shun

its presence. —

Within the house itself are a myriad of doors
leading nowhere, often located in ceilings and floors.
Some of these have thirteen doorknobs, while others
have none; Marley knockers are also prevalent. These
doors can lead anywhere else in the house, and two

wes) | ¥ a AI J}. q f, \

peop pping ig
L, fe } . : 1. 4: :
dtt locations

A very few of these doors are locked, and only the
chimera have the keys. Ragger once stole a key and
opened a door out of sheer curiosity; he immediately
shut the door and, wonder of wonders, returned the key.

\ L fu IL 1. 1 1

Te thisday the boss
behind the locked door. —

‘TheDeminsula

This is the common name for the narrow stretch of
land running north of San Jose to the San Francisco city
limits, marked by the San Bruno Mountains. Relatively
undeveloped, it is home to a number of small, often
contemporary communities. A ridge of redwood-forested
peaks splits the peninsula and to its west lies the heart of
Silicon Valley: Sunnyvale, Mountain View, Los Altos,
Palo Alto, Menlo Park, and Redwood City — all of them

1 j Ait fe f,

d University. Some

{
like Atherton, are exclusive high-priced communities

peopled by computer university professors.
Others are deeply blue-collar.
The western half of the peninsula is rugged, moun-

tainous, and mostly undeveloped. Beaches and high sand


bluffs line the coast almost continuously for 75 miles from
San Francisco all the way to Santa Cruz with occasional
small, older communities found along the stretch. Many
beaches along this shore are designated nude, and area
hang gliding enthusiasts find the bluffs and offshore winds
perfect for their needs.

Half Moon bay is a small, pleasant coastal commu-
nity; it was also a favorite landing spot for Prohibition-era
smugglers.

Colma: Cicy of che Ocad
Youcan't hildli illingly go into Col
—even the most hardened redcap is afraid to enter its
confines. Childlings can sense that a special kind of
chimeric monster awaits them there — one that feeds
on nightmares and other dreams of death. For some
reason, wilders and grumps have not been able to see
these "hobgoblins," although a few extremely young
wilder have noticed blurry outlines as the chimeric
monsters attack, Childlings' chimeric forms are torn to

1. 4. }. 1 i. Pe Ae 8: 4

shreds Dy

ing and totally afraid in their
of her favorite childlings, Patrick, was chimerically
devoured last winter, Queen Aeron placed a price on
hobgoblin heads at 10 dross or its equivalent in a boon.
No bogeyman has ever traveled outside the boundaries
of Colma, although they have been seen to wait quietly
along the edge for childlings to wander into their path.
Stories that hobgoblins have been able to steal aboard

1 1 Et | i

& c=}

cay
3 £

A frer one

a

S

4 ; J
and stay quiet until
+ } e sods

j } th
many

The well actually gets its name from the softly
glowing curtains of light that occasionally dance up

It is said that particularly observant Kithain can see
blood red lights dancing vell,
and that those who will die in the next twelve months
see shrouds of black instead.

Around the well proper are cushions grown from
monstrously large toadstools. Verdant moss, springy and
soft EGS eS oe = ay } j
wear shoes here. Lanterns of balefite trapped in pine
cones are hung round the circle by the well, giving a
warm glow to the nights when the curtains of Glamour
do not dance. There is also a small stream that forms
from the well's glistening runoff. This spirals outward
between the toadstool cushions, somehow finding a
path (even thous! well isatthe Glen's lowest point)
toasmall, silver-surfaced pond. The women of the Edge

li hi ritual bath, and often the
t 1

if 4]
and Tuit do dh V

y
Pa 3 Be Tira Ie
the water

y ireyes for days
after a ceremonial immersion.
There has been only one male Kithain who has
witnessed these sights, a daring and possibly suicidal
pooka wilder named Alcibiades Nikiraeus. Using Glam-
our to disguise himself as a woman, he joined the rituals
5 aes =< } Aas 5 ee as a he J

Eicon
Mis cheat

a } 14

within days. as ist t i }

what he had done. Before another hour had passed, he
was stripped of his commoner knighthood, banished
from Pacifica, and barred from any of the other domains
F dom of the Turtle. Such is the power of the

of the Ki

ge their

parents not to drive through Colma.

Chalcedon Well

Chalcedon Well, or the Well of Veils as it is some-
times called, is the center of the Edge of the Labrys' (see
Chapter Five) power. It is the most potent source of
Glamour to which they lay claim, and even the most

ligt | 1 if fe Or leck y will not
intrude on this holy place. The well is located ina valley
between two of the San Bruno range's highest peaks, a
valley which map At the very lowest
point of the valley, called simply The Glen by the Labrys'

= UR G 4 1 A As.

members

Pane as
spill over the

The

and wooden backeerese by the well's side While seams oF
1: « Fact 1

y

construetion's stone lip. Every won

f the Chalcedon Well and adds on
its construction. Nunnehi are welcome here as well, so
long as they hew to the Edge of the Labrys' custom.

Edge of the Labrys, when they chose to wield it.

Bays, Islands, and
Bridges

San Francisco Bay is undoubtedly one of the world's
greatest natural harbors. There are actually two bays: the
larger San Francisco Bay in the south, and San Pablo Bay
in the north. At any given time one can see freighters
steaming in and out of Oakland, tankers headed for
Richmond, Navy destroyers and aircraft carriers docking
at Treasure Island and Alameda, and Coast Guard heli-
copters practicing rescue operations. On weekends,
thousands of private sailboats ply the waters from San
Pablo to San Jose — though few weekend sailors feel
competent enough to sail beyond the Golden Gate and
out to sea.


The bay is relatively shallow and channels are con-
tinually dredged for the deep water ships. Aquatic life is
scare, though seals and sea lions are often seen, and sharks
are rumored to patrol the bay. A humpbacked whale,
affectionately named Humphrey, has twice found his way
into the bay in recent years, once beaching himself near
Candlestick Park, the other time swimming far up the
Sacramento River before rescuers managed to get him
turned around and headed back out to sea.

Angel Island is the largest island in the bay, a
cone-shaped mass lying just offshore near Tiburon. Once
covered with redwoods, it is barren now, long ago stripped
for its lumber. It has served various functions: as a military
base, prisoner of war camp, and immigration station. It is
currently a designated wildlife refuge.

's most famous island. Originally a
13: Es Thee :

Alcatraz is the bay

}

military base, y prison, it finally s ‘

of the U.S.'s toughest maximum security facilities. The
prison was closed in 1963 and is now a tourist attraction
administered by the Golden Gate Parks commission.
Tours of the prison and exercise yard are available and
ferries regularly leave the dock at Fishermen's Wharf.

Yerba Buena Island and Treasure Island lie in the
center of the bay and mark the half-way point of the Bay
Bridge spanning the waters between the San Francisco
and Oakland. No two islands could be quite so different as
this pair. Yerba Buena is a natural formation, a rugged
outcropping of rock covered with vegetation. Treasure
Island, lying directly to the north and connected to Yerba
Buena by a narrow causeway, is flat and roughly rectangu-
lar: an artificial island made from mud dredged from the
bottom of the bay.

Although a number of bridges span the bay, the
greatest, if not the most famous, is probably the San
Francisco-Oakland bay Bridge. A double-decker structure
linking Oakland with San Francisco, it is actually two
separate bridges anchored to Yerba Buena Island in the
middle of the bay.

Golden Gate Bridge, completed about the same time,
is the more famous of the two and an internationally
recognized symbol of San Francisco. Stretching over the
narrow Golden Gate strait, at the time of its construction
it claimed the world's longest bridge suspension. Painted
a bright, rusty red, it is considered an engineering master-
piece. Single-decked, with five lanes, it connects the city
with Marin and the northern coast.

The San Rafael-Richmond bridge is built over shal-
low waters and is a rambling, double-decked affair not
nearly as pleasant looking as some of the other bridges.

To the south is the long San Mateo Bridge that runs
from Hayward in the East Bay to San Mateo County on the

4

y

Ss Wo VD

Nava.

J


peninsula. The Hayward side of the bridge is low, only a
dozen or so feet above the water. Nearing San Mateo, the
bridge arches high in the air, allowing room for ships to
pass beneath it.

Just south of the San Mateo Bridge is the far older
Dumbarton Bridge, built across a narrow spot on the bay.
Far to the north, above San Pablo bay, is a small but high
bridge passing over the Carquinez strait.

The Trolls of che Bridges

Duke Aeon has appointed many trolls as guardians

of the city's many bridges. They keep watch on the
enchanted activities taking place in and around the
bridges, and all have Treasures which allow them to
f changelings crossing into the city.
Most of them remain unseen in a bridge's high gi
although they do, from time to time, masquerade as
bums, tourists or joggers, Few cross over the bridges of
< ) DS . ten f mbm fo E The fe +

The Cicuy:

San Lrancisco

The city of San Francisco lies isolated from the rest of
the bay area on the tip of its peninsula. Visible from all
around the bay area, at night, with its gleaming towers and
pinnacles alight, it reminds visitors of the City of Oz. An
"adult" city, it has since its creation enjoyed a reputation
as a "wicked city" where adult pleasures and vices are
tolerated to marked degree. Nearly surrounded by water,
some have likened it to Bad Boy Island from the tale of
Pinocchio. Author Fritz Lieber, creator of Fafhrd and the
Gray Mouser, was a longtime resident of the city. Un-
doubtedly his famous fictional city of Lankhmar was at
least in part inspired by San Francisco.

San Francisco is known for its hills, and more than 40
major hills reach as high as 300 feet and more. Three 900-
foot mountains nearly split the southern part of the city.
These mountains are steep, but nonetheless thickly popu-
lated with houses perched precariously on the slopes. Mt.
Sutro is the site of Sutro Tower, a 900-foot tall, red-and-

hi inted leol dasak { antenna

capable of reaching most of the city and surrounding area.
Although Golden Gate Bridge and the TransAmerica
pyramid are the best known symbols of the city, this
dominating tower is the landmark most familiar to resi-
dents. Centrally located, it is visible from nearly every

point in the city and a handy way of ascertaining one's
general location.

Fresh, fog-laden breezes from the Pacific continually
sweep the city, carrying smog and pollution across the bay
where it accumulates against the line of hills and eventu-

llysettl Oakland and th of the East Bay. Despite

the reputation for fog, the eastern portion of the city,
particularly downtown and the Mission District, enjoy
mostly sunny days year round, the fog only creeping in at
night.

San Francisco is not an overpowering city and is in
fact rather small when compared to New York or Los
Angeles. B dj D 4; ith rh b Bn r 8
of the skyscrapered Financial District, limit most struc-
tures to three or four stories.

Proud of the fact that San Francisco is the oldest
major city on the coast, historic structures are respected
and developers find difficulty tearing anything down.
Franchised restaurants and chain variety stores are far less
common than in other American cities and those that do
exist usually lack the "golden arches" and other tacky

bol iated wit . As with most of the
bay area, the more expensive residences are found uphill
while the flatlands are home to economically less
advantaged.

San Francisco enjoys a sense of independence and
isolation known to few U.S. cities. Long the center of
Vest Coast culture, and at first reached only by sea around
Cape Horn or overland, it some time ago developed a
singularly independent nature. Even in these days where
air travel has brought everyone within a few hours of each
other and tens of thousands of commuters come and go
daily via the bridges, San Francisco insists on doing things
2 hui pl has theG ay
Pride Parade, San Franciscans are quick and sure to move
on other issues. When U.S. involvement in the Middle
East escalated into Desert Storm, within hours San Fran-
cisco became the first (and only) city to declare itself a
{mili aI But there
is little agreement on most other issues. It is has sometimes
been said that San Francisco is acity populated by 700,000
individual special interest groups.

its own way. Aside fi

"refuge" for war

Earthquakes are the city's other legacy. The infamous
San Andreas Fault runs just off the coast, and other equally
dangerous major faults lace the entire bay area. The earth-
quake of 1906 and the resultant fi lyd ) 1 the ci )
and, it is now believed, resulted in the deaths of several
thousand people. Another major quake in 1989 did millions
of dollars worth of damage and killed dozens. Experts agree
that it is only a matter of time before the area is devastated

RY | It 141.

by atruly terrible q Pp any moment but

Chapter Three: Geography


most residents, enchanted by the climate and scenery,
cheerily assume that it won't occur until "some time in the
future." It is not for nothing that San Francisco is sometimes

called "The City that Waits to Die."
San Lrancisco

San Francisco is a complex city divided by hills and
valleys. Many different neighborhoods — with different
peoples, cultures, and ec i xist in close proxim-

ity to one another. The following geography begins with
the city proper, the downtown area, then moves to the
more residential, outlying districts.

OQouincoun

Downtown San Francisco is the eastern part of the
city, mostly north of Market Street, extending to
Fishermen's Wharf in the north andas far west as Van Ness
Avenue. It includes such landmarks as Nob Hill, Tele-
graph Hill, Russian Hill, Chinatown, North Beach, and

Peas) ] : * j

U Nearly {|

| )
fire following the 1906 earthquake. Rebuilt over the next
couple decades, it enjoys a rare architectural consistency.
Neo-classical styled row buildings of three and four stories
line most streets, replacing the redwood Victorians claimed
by the flames.

J og ill } Silk

with d visitors day

qin |

Most
and night. Traffic is congested
the steep hills. Parking is difficult, if not impossible, witl
most street parking banned during rush hour periods and
parkiny harging p hourly prices. For-
tunately for residents, there are many shops, markets, and

Lby

restaurants to serve them, making ownership of a car

mostly unnecessary. The weather is almost always fit for

walking and scenic views abound. Buses run frequently
4 . by

and reliably ilabl >. Stretched

y
limos, usually white, prowl the streets in search of tourists
willing to pay the hefty hourly rates to be shuttled around
the city in luxury. And, of course, there are the famous
cable cars.

Cadle Cars
The passenger-carrying cable car was invented by
Scotsman Andrew Hallidie of San Francisco. The first
operating line was on Clay Street and began service in
. Based on similar systems used in mines, Hallidie
hoped to improve on the horse-drawn omnibuses then
laboring up and down the city's steep hills.

Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

Cable cars are powered by a moving cable that passes
under the streets. The car is equipped with a "grip" which,
reaching down through a slot in the street, clamps to the
moving cable, drawing the car along. Cable cars cruise at
a speed of ten and half miles per hour — no more, no less.

Hallidie's design was quickly copied and soon cable
car systems were found all over the world, from Provi-
dence, R.I., to Melbourne, Australia. Within a few years,
however, the electric-powered trolley was invented. Re-

dg lly safer, they quickly
replaced cable car systems in most cities, save those with
the steepest hills. San Francisco's various cable car systems
once stretched over most of the city, but by the 1950s, the
ast ining lines I 1 for removal. Only
bl

saved the cable cars and

quiring |
| 8

a last-minute citizen'
they are now designated a National Historic Monument
(the only mobile one). Expensive and far less safe than
most forms of public transportation, they are a symbol of
San Francisco.

#99: The Chimeric Cadle Car
Number 99 is perhaps the result of hundreds of
people wishing for, dreaming ab id wanting to see
cable cars in San Francisco. In actuality, Number 99 is
currently a hot dog stand converted from an old street-
y i ua go ) Ss 1 1 . * pe}
(usually when no hun ound), Number 99 silently
glides the streets again on a chimeric cable. Unlike
other cablecars, Number 99 isn't restricted by its track
or cable, although it usually takes backstreets and side
alleys and even then only late at night or early in the
morning. Since it is painted gaily and adorned with
hundreds of found items, many people think it is some
kind of rovi t pi ori { bl meant to
, itcan travel in plain
moving outside of

carult

do in the city is to
ethemmechot

try to get et eean g I aD I g
dogs and "make the car go!" She has gotten so many
requests for free hot dogs that she has instituted a
complex point-based system for childlings who bring
her interesting items ver found-art pi Toll
for riding the streetcar is also an interesting piece of

Ocher CDass Transic

At the hub of the bay area, downtown San Francisco
is well-served. Electric and diesel buses run regular routes
to all parts of the City. Electric trolleys, usually referred to
as the Muni, travel underground along Market Street,

Drranrah
ADV RALCRAL RE

> Wa

aaa ee as


emerging a few miles away to disperse along different
routes. The Muni lines share the underground with the
BART system, which runs one level deeper. From central
San Francisco one can catch frequent BART trains south
to Daly City, or travel under the bay all the way to
Richmond, Concord, or Fremont.

CDain Thoroughfares

Market Street is the city's main street. Beginning
across from the Embarcadero and the Ferry Building, it
red: 1]

g y across town, eventually turning and twist-
ing its way up Twin Peaks. Clogged with cars and buses, it
is several lanes wide. As it cuts across the streets on an odd
angle, and has limited left turns, it is often difficult for a
driver to find a way across Market when trying to get from
one side of the city to the other. Market Street is a major
shopping avenue featuring places like Nordstrom's and
the Emporium. A number of fine hotels are also located
along here. Women's shoe stores seem particularly abun-
dant.

Southwest of Powell and Fifth Streets, the neighbor-

d begi Jergo a quick change. Upscale stores ar
replaced by bargain clothing outlets and adult theaters as
one enters the area known as the Tenderloin. Street
people are more abundant and drugs more commonly for

mmer.

sale on the street. Market i sac
cial strip until it begins its rise into the mountains.

Van Ness is a six-lane, divided street that marks the
early limits of the city. It bustles with traffic and is lined by
auto dealers (including Ferrari), appliance outlets, furni-
ture stores, and restaurants like the Hard Rock Cafe.

Chinatown

One of the city's most famous landmarks, Chinatown
is a tourist attraction and world unto itself. Narrow Grant
street is home to the Chinatown familiar to tourists.
Beginning at Bush, it is entered by Foo Dog-guarded gates.
The commercial shopping district found here continues
north for several blocks. Strung with overhead lanterns
and banners, the street is lined with innumerable restau-

Jed gift stores, and

rants, chintzy souvenir shops
countless live sea food stores, more authentic tea markets,
and Asian bakeries. The small alleys and cul-de-sacs of
Chinatown hous ifini

and secreted Buddhist shrines.

A short stretch of Stockton also runs above the
tunnel. Little used anc parativel
of the city, it is the site of the expensive Carlton-Ritz
Hotel, opened just a few years ago. Of stunning classical
design, it was formerly a college. Since it's located away

y remote from the rest


from tourists and downtown, it has become a favorite with
shy celebrities and foreign diplomats wishing to avoid
publicity. The hotel features a white Rolls-Royce courtesy
car and motorcades of policemen are frequently seen
lining up in the horseshoe front driveway.

1 O¢} (teas

Was a WEll-KT) n

The Chinatown of the y
haven of opium smugglers, Chinese slavers and prostitu-
tion. Chinese gangsters, hatchet men and highbinders
stalked the streets, fighting in vicious tong wars with axes
and revolvers. Even then, however, it had the reputation
as a "must-see" for the daring tourist.

Vicious Asian gangs roam Chinatown, many prob-
ably spawned in the foreboding Chinese housing project
on the south side of Pacific between Stockton and Grant.
Rarely interfering with tourists or anyone outside the
Chinese community, these gangs prefer to extort shop
owners for protection money, and war with each other
over drugs and other illegal trade. The 1970s massacre at

the Golden Dragon restaurant, wk l

I s
killed and many more wounded, was an exception. In the
midst of a war over the illegal fireworks trade and mistak-
enly believing that members of a rival gang were attending
the restaurant, the gunmen entered and opened fire indis-
criminately. Alt h denied by some, the
direct descendants of the vicious tongs of earlier days and

c=)

closely watched by police.

Civic CenterDlaza

The center of San Francisco's government, this area
contains the opulent Beaux Art-styled domed City Hall,
the Opera House, Davies Symphony Hall, the Main Pub-
lic Library, and other facilities. Part of a larger design never
completed, most of the buildings were constructed just
prior to World War I, replacing the buildings destroyed by
the earthquake and fire. A farmer's market operates here
on Saturdays and Wednesdays and the plaza is busy most
days with business people, shoppers, bureaucrats, protest-
ers, and the everpresent homeless. Bordered on the north
by the Tenderloin and on the west by a span of depressed
housing projects, the sunny plaza and its benches are a
magnet for the unemployed and unoccupied. To the east
is the United Nations plaza dominated by the Federal
building, an unpleasant-looking 1950s high-rise housing
the FBI, IRS, and other institutions.

In the late 80s and early 90s, with the rise of the
homeless, the broad plaza became a campsite for hundreds.
After more than two years and any number of complaints —
many from the tuxedoed and evening gowned opera and

1 j ] a a Lat | J

y) x sas Y r
by the city and the homeless driven out in 1990. By day they
are everywhere, but at night forced to leave the area.

Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

The Grande Ballroom

Side by side with an unusual manifestation of
Banality, the Civic Pl elesst i
gathering point for the Kithain of San Francisco. Each
day the shadow of the Federal Building sweeps over
nearby United Nations Plaza, bringing with ita deaden-
ing zone of Banality. For Kithain trapped within that
ereeping darkness, it is as if the world has suddenly
become painfully, personally real in its everyday drab-
ness. Just as many human suicides choose the Golden
Gate Bridge for their final plummet, some Kithain
choose the United Nations Plaza for their last taste of
Glamour.

This is not to say that the Civic Center Plaza is a
morgue for dreams. Nothing could be further from the
truth, When the mortals are not looking, or even
sometimes when they are, great fae dancesare held here,
The stone of the Plaza, drab and bubblegummed to
mortal eyes, appears to Kithain to be cunningly inlaid

ith semi-precious stones of staggering size. Were the
£, 1 Fate if j 7

} thain or

mortals in the way to obstruct the view) the plaza would
seem to be a map of the moon, done as it might have
been instead of how it is. Turquoise represents the seas
which we "know" to be dusty rock, amethyst shadows
the edge of the night side del ing alal
the faintest suggestion of a smiling face.

However, the Plaza is not merely to be gazed at. It

is intended to be danced upon, and danced upon it is.

The Kithain form great circles, often sweeping unsus-

pecting mortals into their midst, while the street buskers

and fiddlers play for all they're worth. Often the din

from this gloriously ragged revelry is loud enough to

tickle the ears of the operagoers. In fact, the struggle

between the street people and the theatergoers for the
"tight" to the Plaza was as much a war between the
bles itt hi as the sidhe

i £. 2 fir 4 mi " é a} whilst

many of the common kin preferred a less restrictive

evening's entertainment.

(races

Cmbdarcadero

Embarcadero is the name of the main street running
along the eastern edge of the city, but also refers to the
general waterfront area. A double-decked freeway for-
merly ran down the center of the Embarcadero, spoiling
views of the bay and Ferry Building but, damaged by the
1989 quake, it has recently been torn down.

For more than a century the wharves were the bus-
tling center of San Francisco's economy, visited by whalers

SU et te ea UN AN

aN


and traders, shipping out gold and bringing supplies in. It
is now a quiet, nearly desolate place, the long wharves
] $ } f,

pop their the most part empty. A
few salvage and diving companies operate out of here but

the commercial shipping trade died years ago, moving
over to Oakland's containerized facilities across the bay.
The few wharves not completely abandoned now house
private pleasure craft and an occasional surprise like
Greenpeace's Rainbow Warrior, hidden away at a dock just
south of the Bay Bridge.

The Ferry Building

A quaint anachronism to mortal eyes, the Ferr
Building is a bit more spectacular when one looks
through Glamour-tinted shades. While plaque

thousanc t ed ITS 1100:
day, chimerically speaking they still do. That's right,
1: ae ORE: ‘| 1 SOeeoy by 2 ee eT Se ay Le PES

seas (eigen |p me nee eee

constantly pace back ying from one gate
to another in a mad dance which none can explain.
Somewhat predictably, the local Kithain have taken to
calling these chimera the "Happy Feet,"
Francisco's childlings consider dodging th

scurry to and fro tremendous sport. The |

gleams as if made of new-forged b

ide, a stait cool w! stone —

winds up and up and up, higher than one would think.
the building could contain. Huge smooth banisters
sprout from the walls, large enough to slide down. It is
odd that a building that once was gateway to labor for
1 1 4 1 1 USS RES Wa ay Sees

y ucha plays!
the ways of Glamour are strange. _

Supposedly, the roof is a favorite haunt of a bean
sidhe, or banshee. Lately this creature has been seen
AGIA a i isaee ef + li ; pa }
Duke Aeon's compositions. The duke, through his
courtiers, has no official comment-on the matter.

[ishermens CUharf

San Francisco's number one tourist attraction is
Fishermen's Wharf. Running along the north shore of the
city for more than a half-mile, from Pier 39 to Aquatic
Park, it isa crowded place busy nearly any time of the day
or evening, year round. Actual fishing activity in and out
of the area is far less than it once was, though charter boats
are available for the sport fisherman. Fresh seafood mar-
kets abound, as do restaurants and stalls serving clam
chowder and shrimp cocktails eaten on the street. Street

artists and entertainers are everywhere, singing, dancing,
playing guitars.

Most of the main promenade is given over to the
tourist attractions like Ripley's and the Guiness Records
Museum, boutiques, restaurants and nightclubs. The old
cannery buildings have been remodeled into open air
shopping malls. Pier 39 is the most famous attraction on
the wl i ow fi sadock P j
taken over by native sea lions. Forbidden by law to harm

; .

£, owners of the pier have
lad

ordrive

{ the boats out andi ial floats for

the creatures to bask upon, creating one more tourist

f
instead movec

Je

attraction.

A number of ferry lines operate off the wharf, offering
trips to Alcatraz, Angel Island, Sausalito, Tiburon and
Vallejo, as well as tours of the bay. Helicopters can also be
chartered. The piers east of 39 house a number of cruise
ships that make trips up and down the West Coast. A
World War II vintage submarine is docked in the area and
available for tours while the Hyde Street pier features
several authentic early sailing vessels and steamships.

Ghirardelli Square is nearby. A shopping area, it is
also home to the San Francisco's famous Ghirardelli
chocolate. Aquatic Park, at the foot of the square, is an old
facility. Few bathers dare the cold waters; it is mostly used
by sunbathers sprawling on the broad psab
the narrow beach. The curving public pier shelters the
water from the waves and currents of the bay. The Na-
tional Maritime Museum stands at the foot of the park.

The island prison Alcatraz is a favorite tourist spot,
drawing nearly a million visitors a year. A barren rock
swept by cold winds coming through the Golden Gate, it
was believed by the local Miwok tribes to be the haven of
evil spirits. First made a military prison in 1859, after
extensive improvements over the decades it was trans-
ferred to the U.S. Prison Bureau in 1933. The government,
deciding it needed a "super-prison" for its most dangerous
charges, increased security on the island then moved in
such well-known criminals as Machine Gun Kelly, Alvin
"Kreepy" Karpis, Robert Stroud (the "Birdman of Alcatraz")
and Al Capone. In 1946 the prison endured a riot that
lasted several days and left three inmates dead. In 1963, a
year after a successful escape by three inmates (it has never
been learned if the escapees made it safely to the main-
land), the prison was officially closed and the island
abandoned.

In November, 1969, 90 Native Americans sailed from
Sausalito in the pre-dawn hours to take possession of the
rock. National attention focused on them and the issue of
Native American rights while government efforts to re-
move them from the island continually failed. Life on the

Chapter Three: Geography 53


cold, bleak island was hard though, and despite donations
from many concerned groups and individuals, the number
of occupants dwindled. In June of 1970 a fire sprang up,
destroying two historic buildings and a lighthouse dating
from 1854. A year later, federal marshals moved in and
escorted the few remaining protesters off the island. The
island is now administrated by the Golden Gate National
Recreation Area and can be visited by ferry during day-
light hours.

[ashermens Char

in many

Many of the seal-kind cluster here to play among the
protected sea lions along the wharf proper.

As much Glamour can be found inside as outside
here, and Ripley's isa fi for visiting Kithain.
Reveling in the bizarre and the outré, the museum
sports even more fantastic sights and sounds to the eye
enhanced by enchantment — believe it or not. For
Kithain, the interior of the building is a gleeful maze,

forming floor pl dno law of physics. New
sights and sounds abound, ever popping out of the most
Vit | j y

delight, and alarm Kithain of
s
1]

/ 2
allages. Th gag
about people il

Sea |

to worty
} j ]

Kithain them-

sy

selves.

The Rock

Alcatraz is one of the few spots that even the
Kithain of the city leave alone. While there have been
a great many nightmares about the place, there have
been few dreams, and Glamour is scarce there. In
addition, the site is a potent Haunt, attended by scores
of Hierarchy wraiths who are themselves besieged by

LaR 4 4 3 J s See Leb

2 i the city proper. The
intangible combat between these forces pours enough
violent emotion into the waking world for Kithain to
suddenly drop into Bedlam here, just from the psychic
spillover from the warring spirits.

[nancial Oiscrict

Despite the growth of cities like Los Angeles, San

Diego, Portland, and Seattle, San Francisco remains the
financial center of the West Coast and the home of the
Pacific Stock Exchange. Although there are taller sky-
scrapers on the coast, San Francisco's sixty-odd story Bank
of America Tower and the unique pyramid-shaped
TransAmerica Building are among the best known and
most widely recognized. San Francisco's now distinctive

Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

skyline is a recent development. It was long a city of
low-rise buildings; the few multi-story hotels and business
offices were formerly congregated around Powell and
Sutter, and atop Nob Hill. Rampant development began
inthe 1970s, first with the erection of the Bank of America
building, followed soon after by many others. The tallest
building in the city (and only a few feet higher than the
hulking BoA tower) is the distinctive TransAmerica pyra-
midat855 feet. Nearby iveEm| d

towers lined up in a march down to the bay. Filled with
multi-floored shopping plazas in the lower levels, they end
at the sunny plaza of Vallencourt Fountain which over-
look the water and is usually busy with skateboarders.

The Financial District occupies the land at the east-
ern foot of Nob Hill, on ground that used to be part of the
bay. Formerly Yerba Buena Cove, this area was steadily
filled in over the ded >
ing out into the bay. Beneath the foundations of San
Francisco's skyscrapers lie the remains of fires, earth-
quakes, and more than a hundred wooden sailing ships
that once lay derelict in the harbor when crews deserted
for work in the gold mines. Busy by day with bankers,
stockbrokers and others, the area seems dead after dark
and on weekends.

Jackson Square

This historic area lies just north of the Financial
District, in the shadow of the TransAmerica Pyramid and
the Embarcadero Center, squeezed in between the water-
front, North Beach, and Chinatown. Once the infamous
Barbary Coast, it is now one of the quietest parts of
downtown. Surprisingly, while the rest of the city burned
during the 1906 fire, the Barbary Coast remained rela-
tively untouched. Many of the area's buildings are
mid-to-late 19th century brick low-rises, former ware-
houses and distilleries. Once the sites of some of the most
infamous dives and brothels in America, they are now
home to antique shops, graphic design firms, and the
occasional attorney's office. At the northern end of the
district lies Levi Plaza, headquarters of the famous jeans
manufacturers. Any number of buildings in the area are of
"unreinforced masonry," a fact noted on warning plaques
affixed to such structures following the 1989 earthquake.

4:

in

has | b hotbed of literary

and intellectual figures. California's first magazine, The
Golden Era, was published out of offices on Montgomery
Street near Jackson in the 1850s and helped launch the
careers of Bret Harte and Samuel Clemens (also known as
Mark Twain). Oscar Wilde paid a visit to neighborhood
artist Jules Tavernier in 1882; later, John Steinbeck and
William Saroyan used to spend nights drinking in the

SIP > WY NE

oN


now-vanished Black Cat Cafe. The Marxist artist, Diego
Rivera, dwelled here in the 1930s. The particular block
now occupied by the TransAmerica Pyramid once held a
small office building populated by writers, artists, and
political radicals. Twain, Harte, Ambrose Bierce, and
Joaquin Miller were all frequent visitors to its first floor bar
and restaurant. George Sterling and Maynard Dixon vis-
pe ER 5

ited years laterandSun-Yat-Sen, p ‘ par
Young China, from a second floor office, plotted the over-
throw of the Manchu dynasty.

Noo Mitt

Long known as the haunt of San Francisco's million-
aires, the outrageous mansions raised by railroad barons
and silver bosses that once stood atop this 338-foot high
rock ] a y 4}. 1 {3 £AT . ¢ a FS 1906
earthquake. Only the brownstone Flood mansion remains
intact on the corner of California and Mason; it currently
serves as headquarters for the exclusive Pacific Union
Club. The Hopkins, Stanford, Crocker and other man-
sions were all lost, leaving only a few deserted ruins as a
lonely reminder of their past glory. Opulent hotels now
grace the hilltop: the Mark Hopkins, Stanford Court, and
the world famous Fairmont Hotel. Nearby Huntington
Square is a small green with a fountain and benches,
frequented most often by young, upscale residents of the
town houses on quiet Sacramento and Clay Streets. Next
door to the square stands the imposing structure of Grace
Episcopal Cathedral, a smaller scale version of Notre
Dame in Paris. Directly across the street is the equally
massive Masonic Temple.

Lower Nob Hillis th ighborhood south of Califor-
nia, spread across the broad southern face of the hill,
roughly situated between Stockton and Polk Streets and
extending as far south as Geary and the Theatre District.
This is.a residential neighborhood filled with neoclassical

1 s1 As

row apartment g four, five, or more floors in
height surrounded by numerous markets, cleaners, delis,
and diners.

Hidden in amongst the endless row apartment build-
ings are a dozen or more longstanding private clubs. The
most notorious is perhaps the Bohemian Club found at
Post and Taylor. Organized in the late 1800s by artists and
newspapermen, it soon evolved into a businessman's club
with an arty slant. Former members include Ambrose
Bierce and Jack London.

The San Francisco Academy of Arts also occupies
quite a number of buildings in the area, its main headquar-
ters on Powell between Bush and Sutter. This, along with
always active Theatre District nearby, lends a bohemian
slant to much of the lower hill.

Chapzer Three: Geography


‘Snoo Du'

__ As the streets and rents rise, so too do the faerie
towers. As the narrow houses march up the narrower
SEBS Ast = 4 ¢ =

ones who occasionally crouch here) become more and
more frequent, and a rainbow of shades can be seen in
the windows. The entire area is somewhat steeped in
Glamour, and even the blandest personalities living
here seem somehow perked up by their surroundings.
Many of the condensations of dream that adorn these
1 Vet o L : £ } J Bees
lovely t : lor vs glass
themselves, and when the traffic is just right, they
vibrate so that a mighty chord is created. This is the
Voice of the Hill, and its wordless song attracts Kithain
from Seattle to Guadalajara. Of course, it doesn't hurt
hat the duke's palace can be found here amidst the few

ee

cotta
The Bannock Clud
Its name derived from the Welsh "bannog," Club
Bannock is a home away from home for all sorts of
Kithain ofa literary persuasion. To gain admittance past
Hugo, the troll doorman, one must tell a fantastic story
stually be f the place. The

iL 1 2
about how one
se L = BY

he ti vote as to whethe rornot the
story's good enough, and if it is, the applicant admitted

remaining ruined manors. To Kithain eyes it appears as.
magnificent ma Itis here that Duke Aeon holds

| Be See . }

Kithain of th thors. Guy Gavriel Kay,
Harlan Ellison and Ambrose Bierce (himself a former
slub member) are particular | though there is.a~
large contingent that favors for Yeats, Shaw and home-
town favorite Armistead Maupin. A balcony sprouts
from the wall whenever an Inner Circle member wishes
to look out over the members below, but this piece of
woodwork is rarely forced to manifest these days.

Norch Beach

North Beach is a favorite area with young, upscale
singles. Occupying the lowlands between Telegraph Hill
and Russian Hill, and bordered on the south by Chinatown,
North Beach is a brightly lit and active nighttime area.

North Beach was long the city's Italian enclave. Though
still populated by many older Italians, and sporting any
number of Italian restaurants big and small, the area has
undergone many changes in recent decades. Famous in the
fifties as the stomping grounds of Jack Kerouac, Allen
Ginsberg and Lawrence Ferlinghetti, famous "beat" clubs
like the Purple Onion and the Hungry i still stand on the

orth sid | et from the City Lights
bookstore. Next door to them are North Beach's contribu-
tion to the early 1960s: America's first topless bars.

CR j
Droaaway

North around the corner, narrow Grant Street is
filled with crowds patronizing the restaurants, pizza par-
lors, and the three blues clubs found along this stretch: the
Saloon (the city's oldest bar), the Last Chance Saloon and
Grant Green at the end of the block. All feature one or two
bands a night, seven nights a week.

Washington Square Park isa flat green, by day a place

as a member for life. If not, she i ily pitched out
into the street, often with-a copy of Strunk & White's
Elements of Style tossed out after her.

Behind its leather-wrapped doors, the club is every
bit thei f t-th 1 entle E

club

Thick, overstuffed chairs and green shaded lamps are

y +. Ks LI Yaak phen | ly E L Win e,

the Arcadia Winery's finest, is served in crystal goblets

to members by a chimeric butler, Jeeves, with nary a

whisper. The only people allowed to speak in the club
=a i 1 Bs & d +

for art shows, lunch and old Italians sitting on benches, by
nighta pl bled by drug dealers and other criminals.
The Church of St. Peter and Paul, known for its twin
spires, faces south onto the park.

Souch of CDarket Area

Known as the SoMa, it is that area south of Market
Street composed of $ ingatan angle |
north-south axis of the city's plan. Like most of the area

has: couch
ty

‘they will be summarily removed. Jeeves, a resident for
nigh unto a century, has never spoken a word.
| ae q] j 5 }

{I restricted.

to the club's Inner Circle. This is a series of lushly
appointed chambers, all thickly carpeted and gently
seasoned with thick, aged volumes. Though it has
limited access, the club's library is here as well. It
consists of both common and rare titles written by the

Immortal Cyes: The Toydox

ely south of Market, it is smooth flatlands, popu-

| 1 busi the waterfront with more

lated by
and more hotels and shopping areas as one moves inland.
Upscale near Market, the neighborhood quickly deterio-
rates as one travels past Howard and Mission. Off Market,
the area isa mixed bag of old, sleazy city populated by junkies
and muggers, and upscale, high-rise condo developments
with doormen and secure parking facilities. Restaurants and
nightspots proliferate in some spots while other streets


display bleak f
these older g
as "artist's lofts." The struggle between reclamation and

Eo} 4 4 |
f abandoned warehouses. Some of
"14: } j j

rent out

decay seems as yet undecided.
Second Street near Market has lately become the
] 1

j £ ] 5 Be
many firms, earn-

| t
ing it the name "Multimedia Gulch." It is near the foot of
what is left of Rincon Hill, now leveled to serve as the
foundation of the Bay Bridge's main pier. A number of
d and | have been lately erected
along the waterfront in this area, replacing the old, disused
warehouses and light industry that used to stand here.

Located on Fifth near Mission is the pillared San
Francisco Mint. No longer operative, it is open for tours.
Farther down the Fifth are the offices of the San Francisco
Chronicle.

The Transbay Terminal is located at First and Mis-
sion, a depot for buses from Oakland, Marin, and San
Mateo. A large bus station with shoe repair shops, dry

leani , diners, and a cocktail lounge, it has long
been a refuge for many of San Francisco's homeless. The
train station is found at Fourth and Townsend and runs
hourly trains to San Jose and back.

‘Telegraph hit

The lowest of the three major downtown hills, Tele-
graph still affords some of the best views available. Located
north of the Financial District's skyscrapers, it is distinctivel
marked by the white, cylindrical Coit Tower, erected in
1933 by Lillie Coit in honor of San Francisco volunteer fire
fighters. Climbing to the top of the tower, or even standing
on the small plaza beneath it, one is afforded a magnificent

i passi ythingfrom the Golden Gate Bridge
in the west to Berkeley and Oakland in the east.

Telegraph Hill was long ago blasted for its rock by

p king ball for i hir Although

the blasting was finally halted by city order, the eastern

face is quite sheer and badly cracked. Homes perched

along this edge face uncertain futures as earth tremors and

alternating droughts and rainstorms create small land-
ye gs Dae

slides,

lhe Runang Grounds

This is where the nobles of Aeon's court go to slay
dragons. Well, perhaps not dragons, but Hl other kind
of chimeric beasts lurk in the tumbled stane beneath
the teetering homes of the wealthy. Monsters from
Beneath the Bed, gone feral since the beds they lurk

duties

current Warden of ‘the Ducal

—

none of the hunt

ee aad gs TG a Be

ibility as out of any concern for the daring

The Tenderlomn
A narrow territory roughly south of Geary Street
between Mason and Van Ness, the Tenderloin borders on
and spills over into the Civic Center Plaza, as well as the
tourist areas around Union Square. Unlike many urban
neighborhoods which once enjoyed better times, San
Francisco's Tenderloin has always been known for its
i izens. Traditionally the neighborhood
of oppressed minorities, it is currently populated by sizable
Vi dI 4 re £ haji

homelands.

Prostitutes, pimps and drug dealers prowl the streets
while muggers and carjackers lurk in alleys. The corrup-
tion spreads to nearby areas, visiting the Theatre District,
rubbing shoulders with the tourist areas, and invading
Civic Center plaza. The streets are dirty, littered and
typically increasingly degenerate as one proceeds further
downhill. Daytime is reasonably safe, but nighttime is an
entirely different story.

Aside from the usual shops and markets, video rental
stores, head shops, porn shops and adult theaters are all
common fare. Not surprisingly, the Tenderloin contains
some of the city's cheapest hotels.


~~
iS

wooden sign in the shape of the Crumb cartoon, a plain

wooden door leads into head shop paradise. A haze of

Technicolor smoke is everywhere, sweet-smelling and
= i 1 }.. 4. DAY et Fl Les .

gentle. Lamp g g
1 1 1 8 eee) Id = Ip Me Se I EER g 2 Chimeric
plants grow up through the worn wooden floorboards,
ki ig h d fred poppie: , morning-
glories, and 1 weeds. The plants grow from the walls
and ceiling as well, as do the omnipresent mushrooms.
These fungi, also chimerical, glow blue when the store
lights are turned off. The owner, a permanently blissed-
out boggan grump known only as "Herbie," claims to be
bl df fromtl f patterns. Then
1. = i.

DS

again. t lai } +} if

the place, so who knows? All that is certain is that A) the
store never has been robbed and B) Herbie owns both a
very large chimeric axe and an almost-as-large non-
chimeric shotgun. In either case, even Ragger's kids tend
to watch their step inside. It's more pleasant for everyone

that way.

Theacre Orserict

San Francisco's major theatre district lies on Geary
Street roughly between Mason and Leavenworth. The
large theatres like the Curran and the ACT (American
Conservatory Theatre) host Broadway shows and other
major productions. Dozens of smaller theatres are also
f din tl I cond floor walk-ups

over markets and restaurants. The well-known club Trader
Vic's is found in the neighborhood, in an L-shaped alley
northwest of Taylor and Post. Medium-priced hotels are
found in the area, as well as a number of upscale restau-
rants. But the Tenderloin is nearby and street hustlers,
prostitutes and pimps are common.

Union Square is the closest thing to a "center" found
in San Francisco. Site of the annual Christmas tree light-
i 1 other civic s, it isa sunny, landscaped square

dominated by a tall pillar with a figure of winged Victory
atop it. This monument was dedicated to Dewey, the
victorious admiral of the Spanish-American War. Situ-

4 4 4 ins 4}

]

r r t= r r ?
street musicians, lunching office workers, and the occa-
sional strolling police officer, it is a typically
pigeon-populated urban green spot featuring weekend art

] ] j = ~ a

. ]
asional

contingent of street people from the nearby Tenderloin,
criminal activity is limited or non-existent. The square, in
the heart of the tourist district, is well-lit and well-policed.

Noh

>

FW PS

Sone

Sea Dern

aes


The square is also in the center of the hotel and
shopping district. The venerable and swank 12-story St.
Francis Hotel caters to some of the city's most famous
guests, and is the usual campsite of presidents and other
USS. officials. It was while leaving the St. Francis that
President Gerald Ford was shot at by would-be assassin and
former Charles Manson follower, Sarah Jane Moore. The
St. Francis was also the scene of the infamous Fatty
Arbuckle case, in which the popular silent film comedian
was the prime suspect in the suspicious death of a young
starlet. In those days, San Francisco was a favorite week-
end party spot for Hollywood celebrities bored with the
few diversions offered by a relatively new Los Angeles.
Behind and rising high above the old St. Francis is the
ultramodern St. Francis Westin, a 36-story glass tower

L ] sts dA . £

guy

The Sir Francis Drake Hotel, one block up Powell on
the other side of the street, tries to compete with the St.
Francis and features a doorman dressed in a beefeater
costume. The hotel is larger, but less convincing, the
interior somehow reminiscent of the hotel in Stanley
Kubrick's The Shining.

Climbing the hill is broad Powell Street, the main
artery of the area, lined with bookstores, camera shops,
electronic outlets, a few restaurants, some outrageously
priced, and the occasional "adults only" store dealing in
video tapes and rubber goods.

Atthe foot of Powell is Hallidie Plaza, San Francisco's
version of Times Square. Here the tourist and business-
man stand next to the vagrant and homeless from the
Tenderloin just next door. Street vendors prevail and
}- ] 1 ee { < £ 1 oh Pp (he |

y P g
up for the cable car. Preachers of a dozen different faiths,
most proclaiming the San Francisco the "new Sodom,"
compete for the attention of people desperately trying to
ignore them. The most pitiful folk beg for coins from
passersby while perennial chess games are staged year
round on the concrete cubes set along the broad sidewalk
of Market Street. Pickpockets work the area, but violent
crime is minimal, at least during the day.

Ouclymg Orscriczs
Bernal Neighes

Bernal Heights lies south of Mission District, beyond
Sie, } ye 4; f] | 4

A fo,
Army

3 sharply g
Nondescript in nature and nearly strictly residential, its
wooden tow housing follows the usual pattern of higher
rents nearer the summit. Expressway I-280 runs through a

low stretch of land south of Bernal, separating it from the
hill beyond known as McClaren Park.

Candlestick Done

Found along the southern shore of the bay, this is the
location of Candlestick Park, home of the San Francisco
Giants and 49ers. Cold and windy, often foggy, there is a
ongoing campaign to close it up and build a new stadium
nearer the city.

The Castro

San Francisco's well-known gay district, while still
potentially shocking to Midwestern sensibilities, has be-
come relatively respectable these days. Populated mostly
by professionals, the Castro offers a wide variety of fine
restaurants, book stores, and other shops.

Chainges

Tite;

inth i Castro Glam-

our scene has heen Chainges. A club for those who are
defiantly out of the closet, it stands almost alone as the
restof the C } di datten ie ES be 1
respectable. Run by the satyr Hector and his longtime
companion, the redcap Sam the Clam, Chainges is a
veritable geyser of wild Glamour, staying open until the
disco ball in the center of the ceiling is a bleary eye
staring at the new dawn. The dance floor dominates the
club, and is inlaid with blinking red, yellow, and blue
lights. Hector claims that these are the original lights
from the disco in Saturday Night Fever, while Sam
merely rolls his eyes when asked. =i

Off to one side is a bar that spans nearly the length
of the dance floor, paneled in mahogany and offering a
wider selection of alcoholic beverages than might be
believed. Below the bar, in the famous Grey Box,
Hector keeps his assorted stashes. Hector has proudly
boasted that he's sold to everyone including his own
grandmother, who told him that his stuff had fewer
seeds than her other supplier. Several times the police
have tried to bust Hector d 2 Tap | ince H
has his own information sources, the mysterious Grey
Box (actually a Treasure which allows only the owner
to actually see its contents) is always missing. Usually
notes reading "Getting warmer, doc," are there instead,

4 323 ff; 1

g YP j2 g y
afternoons wild goose-chasing around Chainges for a
(nee Te 5) if 1 Sk peat 1 1

ODs

At this point, since Hector only deals in pot and
halluci 1] es. ii


on his stuff, the cop Chainges alone. This
faire attitude extends to security as well, as Sam
the Clam is generally capable of handling any problem
that arises. ee
Along the other side of the dance floor is a row-of
tables with high black chairs. This row is deliberately
situated across the dance floor from the bar itself. The
floor is usually so crowded and so energetic that a great
many drinks never make it across to one of the tables.
Either they're spilled or drunk along the way by those
trapped in the milling, dancing throng.

The small Fillmore District has long been a black
i a lly depressed, it still retains its
character. Lively at night time, it is cursed with crack

problems and associated crime.

[ort Lunston

This is th | point of the city's shoreline.
A quiet stretch of white sand beach overlooked by high
cliffs, it is a favorite spot among bay area hang gliders.

orc CDason

Located on the bluffs overlooking the Golden Gate,
Fort Mason was first manned by Spanish soldiers in 1797.
It came into the hands of the U.S. Army in 1850 and
during World War II, 1.6 million men passed through this
facility on their way to and from the Pacific theater.

Now a park open to the public, it is mostly rolling
grasslands and trees with a few old barracks buildings, and
used as a park by local residents. Three old piers jut out into
the bay. Tied up at one of them is a World War II Liberty
ship, also open to the public.

Golden GateDark

A broad band of green in an arid city mostly covered
in concrete, Golden Gate Park is an oasis of exotic flora,
B 5

meadows, lakes, and facilities for nearly every
sport or diversion. Begun in 1871, the area was slowly
reclaimed from the thousands of acres of sand dunes that
once covered the area. Beginning with quick-rooting
barley, vegetation was slowly introduced that eventually
anchored the soil.

The park is a half-mile wide and three miles long, plus
the narrow strip to the east known as the Panhandle.

Roads meander through the park, some of them closed to
hill a |
g

auto traffic on weekends, and trails lace tl

Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

>

rae.

&

We


Eucalyptus and cypress trees are the most prevalent, but
stands of palms, tree ferns, redwoods and other
natural-styled plantings are found everywhere. Formal,
landscaped gardens of roses, rhododendrons, and others
also decorate the park.

The eastern end of the park is the most developed and
features the Steinhart Aquarium inside the California
Academy of Sciences building, the de Young art museum,
the Victorian glass Conservatory, and the Japanese Tea
Garden left over from the 1894 World's Fair. A paddock
in the western end of the park holds a dozen bison.
Athletic facilities run the gamut. There are baseball dia-
monds, football and soccer fields, a polo field, riding trails,
horseshoe pits, fly-casting pools, archery ranges, stables,
playgrounds and even a nine-hole golf course. Most of
these are cleverly hidden from sight, allowing strollers to
imagine the park as undeveloped and natural. At the
western edge of the park, facing the sea, stand two huge
windmills, originally installed to pump water from under-
ground to supplement the skimpy rainfall.

The narrow "panhandle" of the park extends another
half-mile east. Landscaped and open, the fine Victorian
homes lining both sides are prized residences.

The Tea Garden

The Japanese Tea Garden is one of the strongest of
the freeholds within the Park proper. The tremendous
effort and devotion put into sculpting the plants and
1 1, Fore eS - 1 1 me } SSS We: Cee & 5

on both the aesthetic and the spiritual level. To the
ensorcelled eye, the Tea Garden looks almost precisely
identical to i ice in tl dane world. Most
Kithain old enough to understand realize what a great
compliment this is to the gardeners.

The CUindmills
Tt . 1 }

"11, 1 } ] hildl;

ca

territory. A chimeric pile of broken armor sits at the

bottom of each one, and often Kithain children merely

stand by those piles of armor and blow as hard as they

can. TI Vo ee Fe eer carey § SF: 1

speed up, causing untold squeals of glee. One of the
= j SS Sore iL 1 14 = A Ase.

who is fond of ‘going for rides on the spinning vanes
themselves. Usually Ainsel can convince two or three
other Kithain to go riding with her, and around and

J+} +] ] qs oye 1 =

ing in the wind behind them.

have slain before. The actual jousting gre

large for their relatively y the he
jousting field is odd in that it takes no prints. Even the
stallions of the Kithain, when they bo :
and-blood beasts, leave no mark of their passage.
The Irish Garden

_ Of course, the most potent glen in the entire park
is in the relatively low-key exhibit of flowers trans-
planted from Ireland. The nunnehi have avoided the
site for time out of mind, even though there is a
tremendous surge of Glamour there. None have yet
been able to understand why a very nice, but hardly

1 Cit = 1 1 eis gels

enchantment hovering around it. Theories as to why

the exceptionally large roses and other flowers have

‘such an otherworldly potence to them include every-
from the power inh lofl

Naighc-Ashoury
This area is fully detailed in the appendix of Change-
ling: The Dreaming.

ncersPDoine

Hunter's point wasa navy shipyard during World War
I]. Temporary housing for the shipyard's 35,000 workers
now serves as a public housing facility. Far from the rest of
the city, out of sight and out of mind, Hunter's Point is a
fearful place haunted by gangs, drugs, and guns.

Japancoumn

Bordered by California and Geary,
Fillmore, thi is tk diti |

Van Ness and
_

Francisco's

Japanese community. Originally settled by Japanese sugar

workers, it was emptied out during World War I] when

Chapter Three: Geography


innocent Japanese were rounded up and incarcerated in
prison camp ing after the war, the Japanese found
their old neighborhood populated mostly by blacks. The
small area now reclaimed is basically a shopping center
marked by a 100-foot tall pagoda and called the Japanese
Cultural and Trade Center. Along with shops and restau-
rants, 1. j 1 . Tasl 1 Kal | 4 : }

complex and the Kabuki Hot Springs baths.

lake CDerced

This small lake serves as a standby reservoir for the
dodhel 4 rs

city. It is isolated y f trees.
The main campus of San Francisco State University

overlooks the lake from the east.

Lincotn Dark

Lincoln Park is a remote area on the far northwestern
corner of the peninsula atop the headlands overlooking
the Golden Gate. Trails run along the face of the cliffs as
wellasalong the top. Accid
undeveloped area. A special Cliff Rescue unit is main-
tained by the city to save those who suffer falls or become

h ded over the cold, churning d
the mouth of the bay. From the tip known as Land's End,
one can look down on wrecked ships left partially exposed
by retreating tides. Foghorns, no longer necessary in an era
of radio navigation but still operated out of nostalgia, ring
up and down the Gate during heavy weather.

The rocky China Beach lies at the foot of the cliffs.
Although often sunny and pleasant, cold waters and
deadly currents imming d d unattrac-
tive.

The QDarina

uncommon in this

This is a quite fashionable neighborhood of Mediter-
«flit Jnl: Lal del 2

of the prestigious St. Francis and Golden Gate Yacht
Clubs. Still expensive and exclusive, real estate values
have fallen sharply since the quake of 1989 when this
neighborhood suffered some of the worst devastation in
the City. Originally the site of the 1915 Panama Pacific
International Exhibition, the neighborhood is built upon
landfill, mainly rubble from the quake of 1906. The
uncompacted soil quickly liquefies during tremors, caus-
ing buildings to sink on their foundations. A gas main fire
touched off by such settling during the 1989 quake burned
down an entire block of homes.


The Mission is a sprawling flatland neighborhood of
residences, shops, and stores. If it has anything resembling
acenter, it would be the intersection of Mission and 24th

R 1 ] }

street, or along Dolores west. Hemmed in
by hills and mountains, it is the warmest part of the city
and the site of official temperature readings taken by the

.S. Weather Bureau. Formerly thel fS;
sizable Irish community, it is now mostly Hispanic with a
wide variety of other ethnic groups including
Spanish-speaking Chinese immigrants from Peru. Many
of the wooden row buildings along the main streets are
brightly painted with Mexican-styled lsand other art
works.

Various gangs, mostly Hispanic, roam this solidly
blue-collar neighborhood, warring over turf, drugs, and
women. A large number of clubs, restaurants, and bars
attract nighttime visitors, but neighborhoods off the main
drag can be risky late at night. Regardless, by day or night
it is one of the city's liveliest neighborhoods.

Eg ccd
TaNcisco $

The area is named after Mission Dolores, first estab-
lished on the peninsula in 1776. The ancient mission still
stands, the oldest building in San Francisco and still an
operating Catholic Church. A small cemetery, one of the
few in the city, stands out back, but nothing marks the
graves of the more than 5000 Native Americans believed
buried in the immediate area. Originally located on a flat
plain near a pond from which Mission Creek ran to the
bay, the old adobe building now stands oddly sandwiched
between low-rent frame row houses.

The CDouncains

A chain of three mountains beginning just south of
the eastern end of Golden Gate Park and extending nearly
tothe city li lomi he city's central skyline. They
forma natural barrier to traffic as well as the fog that pours
in off the Pacific. All three peaks are thickly populated,
save the highest summits, and suburban in nature. As
always, property values increase with altitude and homes
near the peaks fetch prices nearing a million dollars,
despite 30-foot lots, postage stamp backyards, and
uninspiring stucco, row architecture. Winding roads cross
these mountains, affording fantastic views of the city.
Lesser peaks, like Diamond Heights and Mount Olympus,
lay at the eastern foot of the mountains and are similarly
populated.

The western flanks of the mountains are cool and
foggy much of the year, particularly in summer. The
eastern flanks are sun-warmed, the heat rising from them

holding back the creeping fog which mounts in a wall
sometimes a thousand feet high above the peaks.

Beginning in the south, Mount Davidson, at 925 feet,
is the tallest of the three, though only by a few feet. It is
surmounted by a great, concrete cross. Twin Peaks, at 910
and 904 feet, is a double peak bristling with a half-dozen
150-foot microwave towers. Mount Sutro, 909 feet, is
capped by a 900-foot red and white steel broadcast tower
that seems to dominate the entire City. High-rise apart-
ments on the northern slopes of Sutro afford beautiful
views of Golden Gate Park and beyond.

Ocean Beach and Sucro

Reighcs

Running the length of the western edge of the city,
Ocean Beach i dexe f gray sand separating th
pounding Pacific surf from the sea wall and the Great
Highway beyond. Often chilly and windswept, the cold
water and treacherous currents make it mostly unsuitable
for swimming. Sunbathing is possible on warmer days and
a few hardy surfers dressed in wetsuits are usually seen out
among the waves. The broad concrete steps at the base of
the long seawall are usually buried in drifting sand that has
to be periodically bulldozed back toward the water to
prevent it from eventually topping the wall and invading
the city. Otherwise, the beach isa nice place fora leisurely
stroll, along either the water's edge or the broad prom-
enade above the sea wall two hundred yards from the
shoreline. It is a place to run a dog, build a sand castle, or
fly a kite.

At the northern end of the beach, around Fulton, the

and rises i ies of rocky cliffs | Sutro Heights.
The popular Cliffhouse restaurant stands atop these cliffs,
overlooking Seal Rock and its raucous sea lions. West of
the Great Highway the cliffs rise higher still, to a plateau
overlooking the ocean. Once the site of millionaire Adolf

i g 1s, iti pen park land with
little save a few specimens of exotic palm trees to remem-
ber the great home that once stood here.

Pacific Neighcs

After building their Nob Hill extravagances, then the
mansions that lined Van Ness Avenue, San Francisco's
moneyed set turned to the rounded uplands called Pacific
Heights. Today inhabited mostly by upwardly-mobile
young professionals, it is a quiet part of town, high enough
to provide views of the bay to the north and downtown to
the east. A few foreign embassies, including the Russian
one, maintain residences in this secluded neighborhood.

Chapcer Three: Geography


A number of historic Victorian mansions surround hilly,
tree-covered Lafayette Square, including the
Haas-Lilienthal house and the Spreckels mansion — the
latter built with profits from the Hawaiian sugar industry.
Alta Plaza Park, a dozen blocks west, is another high patch
of land surrounded by sump s resid d affordi
views over the Marina and the bay.

Dozrero ani

Located south of downtown, and now separated from
the neighboring Mission District by a coursing express-
way, the Potrero community has long enjoyed a sense of
privacy and isolation from the city. Long a blue-collar
retreat, rising real estate values have resulted in homes on
the hill commanding high prices. A growing population of
upscale yuppies inhabit the heights while the area sur-
rounding the hill is composed of depressed neighborhoods
of varying ethnic character.

San Francisco General Hospital is located on the
western face of the hill.

The Presidio

The Presidio has been occupied by the military ever
since the late 18th century, when the Spanish decided to
establish northern outposts in an attempt to enforce their
claim to the California coast. Long ago taken over by the
U.S. Army, it has seen little development and its 1400
acres, reclaimed from the sand dunes years ago, are green
and leafy, covered by eucalyptus trees. Soon to be aban-
doned by the Army, it will be handed over to the city and
turned into a park. In the meantime it is headquarters for
the Sixth Army and houses over 6000 soldiers and a
National Military Cemetery covering twenty-nine acres.
The nearby hospital treated many of the worst wounded of
the Vietnam War, some of whom are still confined to this
facility.

The main entrance to the Presidio is at Lombard
Street. Here a gate flanked by statuesque figures of Liberty
and Victory leads toa quadrangle of buildings beyond. For
the most part, the Presidio is open to the public.

The western edge of the Presidio is a series of cliffs
overlooking breezy Baker Beach below. On the beach
stands the huge replica of a 95,000 pound cannon origi-
nally installed on this site in 1905 by the Army to defend
the bay. At the top of the cliffs, near the Bridge, stands a
brick fortress built in 1850 to guard the bay. Known as Fort
Point. It is dwarfed by the massive pier of the Golden Gate
Bridge behind it. On the northern edge of the Presidio is
a flat green meadow, Crissy Field, where Fourth of July
fireworks and other outdoor festivals are staged. On its

64 Immorcal Cyes: The Toydox

2 ds the Palace of Fine Arts, a leftover from
the World's Fair of 1915. Next door to it is the
Exploratorium, a huge hands-on technological museum
and art gallery inside a vast warehouse-like structure.

The Richmond

The Richmond District lies north of Golden Gate
Park and runs from Arguello Street in the east all the way
to the sea. It is a seemingly endless neighborhood of pre
and postwar row-styled flats and apartments made mostly
of stucco. The main routes across the area are Geary,
slow-moving and congested, and Fulton Street running
faster along the Park. The district is divided into Inner and

uter Richmond by Presidio Park Boulevard, a six-lane
divided route shaded by trees that leads through the
Presidio to the Golden Gate Bridge.

The Richmond — sometimes called "the Avenues"
or simply "the Aves" — isa family-ori | {I
to an increasing number of Chinese. Clement Street, a

f California, i knownas New Chinatown,
ial strip of stores, book

] J

a

shops, and restaurants oriented more toward local trade
than the tourist dollar.

The Richmond, like most western parts of the city,
suffers more heavily from fog. Although winters are gen-
erally bright and clear, summer brings fog banks rolling in

£, } 4}

off the ocean. Daylight |

ocean, allowing the area a few hours of sunlight before the
night falls and the fog again advances. Nearer the ocean
the effect is heightened and during August the far western
avenues may see no more than a couple hours of sun a day.

The Sunset Orscrict

The Sunset District is a huge tract of postwar devel-
opment lying south of Golden Gate Park. Running from
the central mountains to the ocean, and extending as far
south as Sloat Avenue and nearly the city limits, the
Sunset is as near burban c ity as can be found
in San Francisco. Developed after World War II in con-
junction with the FHA, it is a characterless expanse of
tract housing set on some of the city's most level territory.
Row housing predominates in the north while the south-

i joy single-family homes with small yards —
athing rarely seen in the city. Most are made of stucco and
styled ersatz Spanish.

j,}
tTowara the

The city's zoo is found here, at the furthest southwest
corner of the neighborhood. Small, but increasingly im-

f£

proved, it bit and an insect zoo.


Y

The last part of the city to see development, the
Sunset is fog-bound during tl h
its neighbor, Richmond, to the north.

The Cleszern Addicion

Lying west of Van Ness Avenue, bordered by the
main thoroughfare of Geary on the north and roughly Fell
on the south, the Western Addition extends as far west as
the edge of Golden Gate Park and includes the small
University of San Francisco. The area derives its name
from being one of the first residential areas developed

ide th lcity. Technically, it I y
other neighborhoods such as Fillmore, the Lower Haight
and Japantown. Once solidly lower-middle class, it has
become a somewhat seedy neighborl sharing a border
with the Tenderloin. Some of the best neighborhoods are
found around Alamo Square, a high plateau of green
parkland. A famous view of San Francisco showing a row
of Victorian houses in the foreground and the spires of
1 1 4; 1 3 Al e

downtown i ]

Mostly untouched by the 1906 fire, the Western
Addition offers some of the finest examples of San Fran-
cisco Victorian row houses, known popularly as "painted
ladies." Professional colorists earn their livings creating
and executing color schemes that highlight the redwood
gingerbread decorating these houses. Once built for the
middle class, these old Victorians, mostly Italianates and
a local hybrid called Stick-Eastlake, are now in high
demand, fetching prices of three-quarters of a million
dollars and more.

A point of interest is the old Fillmore Auditorium on
the corner of Fillmore and Geary. It was the site of much

of the late 1960s music scene when under the hand of
master promoter Bill Graham. Another interesting loca-
tion is a vacant lot on Geary between Scott and Steiner
streets. This was former site of Jim Jones' People's Temple
before the move to Guyana and the resulting Jonestown
Massacre. The buildi iously t {to th d

chimeric chords fr.
chanteuse Loreena Mck



Oh for a muse of fire

That would ascend the brightest heaven of invention
Kingdoms for a stage, princes to act
And monarchs to behold the swelling scene.

— William Shakespeare, Henry V

The Kingdom of Pacifica is home to Kithain of all
stripes and persuasions. The Napa Valley holds the gentle
debauchers of the Brotherhood of the Barrel, while out on
the Peninsula the Edge of the Labrys takes a somewhat
more activist stance. Ragger's band of pickpockets and
thieves runs wild on the streets of San Francisco even as

sh 1 s engage in epi geles in Haight-Ashbury
over who gets to represent the hottest new bands. Kick
over a rock anywhere in Pacifica and you'll find a sluagh
hiding underneath; nockers and redcaps abound. Simply
put, Aeron's realm is densely populated indeed and nearly
any kind of Kithain you can imagine lurks somewhere

within its borders.

This chapter is intended as a quick guide to some of
the more notable citizens of Queen Aeron's kingdom, the
nobility. Information on some of the more notable com-
moners of Pacifica can be found in the following chapter.

The Queens Courc
Cueen Aeron

Born Erin Hartman in 1969, Aeron awakened to her
faerie self when she was 10 years old, on her Uncle Sean's
farm in the Wine Country. Sean, King of Pacifica at that
time (and approaching his Last Winter) immediately
named her Tanista, the heir apparent to the throne. Since
her Saining, Aeron has received training from every sort
of tutor available: in the six years it took for her to ascend
to the throne, she has been through every sort of trial,
course of tutelage and simulated political conflict her
tutors could devise. She learned the use of the sword, the
bow, the machine gun. She learned psychology and the
Arts and was tutored in the ways of the Gallain and the
Prodigal by native teachers.

Still, all of this training did not change Aeron's
behavior — she was an extremely bratty childling and

Chapzer Four: Nodles 67


wenton to bec fai iled wi Kine Sean

YE
not allow her to live ina freehold until she reached 18, the
age of majority, and was able to assume the throne.
Sean was so taken by his niece that he was unable to
see her obvious character flaws, and the fearlessness and
wild passions of House Fiona exacerbated her selfish,
demanding nature. It was not until his death that her
mettle was truly tested. When Aeron was 16, the Radical
People's Front attacked King Sean with iron blades. He
was ambushed in his pickup truck on his way to visit one
of his favorite wineries in the Wine Country.

Aeron threw herself into a period of mourning that

Samhain his bl

lasted from Bel ‘ ktime,
her selfish, immature self seemed to die. On the night of
October 31st, 1985, she led the knights loyal to her in a

i

hunt radicals that would later become known
as "Aeron's Reaving." She personally took the blood-price
for the death of her uncle quietly, with great resolve.

So avenged, Aeron assumed the throne, confirmed as
the Queen of Pacifica by King David himself. Something
had happened to change her during the first years of her reign
—she made a lot of policy changes (such as the instigation
of the custom of hospitality and the establishment of a

{minis sommoner popula-

Commoner's Reeve th
tion of Pacifica) during that time. She attended court with
regularity, and made sure to always be seen at King David's
court whenever it was in Caer Angeles.
It was here she met the satyr Hamal oli ting
coach. It was instant and complete romantic love at first
sight. There would be no fainting, weak courtly love for
Aeron, who had learned that her time was short in this world
and that she must seize what she wanted for the moment.

Immortal Cyes: Toybox

Within a week, Hamal had taken up residence in the
queen's own apartments, scandalously refusing to even
announce his intention to court her formally. Within a
month, Aeron had delegated her authority to underlings,
leaving it up to her royal baron Harold Marcos to rule her
fief for her, making only the most sweeping of executive
decisions. To this day, she lays abed most days, watching
decadently as her court begins to spiral into chaos, letting
Hamal tell her that it's not her fault, that it's her job to
serve herself, her pleasure — and through such self-
service, she will cause her kingdom to blossom into a
self-aware, self-developed place. Enlightened and com-
plete, each citizen will be fulfilled as she is fulfilled.

ath herl 1 Fes } <

Noone can speak to Aeron :
closed to their words. No one can tell Aeron of their fears for
her, forher fief. Inside her. | hel i
extremes of Banality and Glamour to become one uniform
reality She i I infully cl lig i i ig to the Unseelie.
What she doesn't realize is that this will alter the character
of her own kingdom — indeed, there are powerful forces
already at work that will benefit greatly ifshe ch Courts.

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Troubadour/Rogue
House: Fiona
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 2, Athletics 4,
Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Intimidation 4,
Kenning 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Craft 2, Drive 3, Etiquette 4, Leadership 3,
Melee 4, Performance 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3, Law 2, Linguis-
tics 4, Medicine 3, Mythlore 4, Occult 2, Politics 4,
Science 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 4, Dreamers 5,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 6, Resources 4, Retinue 5, Title 6,
Treasures 4
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2, Primal 4,
Soothsay 3, Sovereign 5, Wayfare 3
Realms: Actor 5, Fae 5, Nature 3, Prop 3, Scene 2
Glamour: 8
Willpower: 7
Banality: 5

Treasures: Aeron possesses a recurved longbow called
Hawk's Cry. It is enchanted so that any bird's feather placed
in the nock will become a chimeric arrow of surpassing
accuracy. Aeron carries Hawk's Cry into battle, handing it

ey

a

Sa

SW

=e


to her squire when she closes to fight and drawing her
weapon, Nightbiter. This blade is a Treasure which can
change its chimeric black blade-shape and size to several
different forms, including battle axe, broadsword and spear.
Aeron is proficient in each form's use. She also possesses a
fine coat of draconian mail taken off the first creature she
slew at Midsummer's Hunt, riding out with the king.

Image: Aeron's cloud of fiery hair hangs down below
her knees when totally unk und
relish, as it requires hours of combing and brushing before
her hair becomes even remotely manageable again after-
wards. Her bright, dark eyes mark her ancient Native
American ancestry, which might also explain something
of her reticence to bring war against the nunnehi.

a prospect she does not

Roleplaying Hints: Lost in a sensuous dream that is
quickly turning nightmarish, you know that something is
horribly wrong but have no idea what it is. Even worse, you

know that you should be able to stop it but have no idea how.
ym | 4

Vv

Pa
SKIN y

upon i

put up y

declare that, ride off and slay this, adjudicate that — can't

they all just see that you want to be left alone? Only Hamal
.

Just as there were better actors in LA, though, there
were better acting coaches, and Hamal was forced to
survi | fe 'smarket. Desperate, he worked
his court contacts as hard as he could, and garnered an
invitation to one of the times when High King David
would be holding court. It was there that he met Queen
Aeron of Pacifica and, giving the performance of his life,
quite literally charmed the pants off her.

Even as Aeron swooned for him, Hamal realized the
magnitude of the opportunity before him. He quickly
relocated to the San Francisco area, installing himself in
the Royal Apartments less than a week after his arrival.
This shocked the bluenoses of the court to no end, but they
were in no position to deny Her Majesty anything.

However, even as Hamal settled in, he noticed how
hard Aeron was working, and how little visible return she

ex $: C4 é 4}. = OR |

for his lover's health, as well as a fair bit of slightly less
wholesome lust, Hamal urged her to work less and let things
take care of themselves. Surprisingly, Aeron agreed and the
situation snowballed out of control into her current, near-
t, » UN: . £1 £3 ie

understands you, and hemightsomeday
leave you, justas Uncle Sean did. You have no idea how you
got along before you met Hamal, and the things you did back
then—riding off to slay chimeric beasts, settling silly border
Fit ‘dieul ' |

lisputes \ ‘
difficult for you every day to keep your mind on what you're
doing. You'd rather just let yourself drift.

When dealing with Kithain, bored but imperious is
the key. You are still Queen, after all, and your word is still
law. Still, no matter how stern the stuff you were once
made off, you're going soft and decadent. Furthermore,
youdon'tcare who knows it. While youhaven't descended
near the "off with her head" paranoia of Carroll's Queen
of Hearts, there are times when it gets awfully tempting...

mal

A nice guy with an almost supernatural talent for
making the most di hoice possible, Hamilton Hecht
had bounced from Boston to New York to Chicago before

landing in Los Angeles. Marking time in various courts as.a
4 1 s J } 1 Y ]

time in

je Cer
profession working dinner productions of "The King and I,"
Hecht's big brainstorm came as he worked at a Burger King
with two other actors, a screenwriter, anda double major in

list | | mime. There

were dozens of unemployed actors better than he was, all

looking for an edge, so he would find an edge to sell to them.

He finally settled on "acting lessons" as the edge in question,
h i £ Vict

and

the arts he'd gleaned
around the court of Caer Angeles, acquired enough queries
from potential students to hang out his shingle.

| Now Hamalistrapped
aa | a

fe afraid

h

Pp
4. | | ick }
g the cycle which

that should he rouse Aeron from her sensual miasma, she
would remove him as a matter of policy. For the moment,
Hamal's fear for his meal ticket is still stronger than his
concern for anyone, or anything, else.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Wayfarer/Peacock

House: Commoner

Seeming: Wilder


Kith: Satyr
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Expression 3, Kenning 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 1, Melee 2, Performance (Acting) 4,
Security 1, Stealth 1, Survival 1
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 1, Investigation 1,
Law 2, Occult 1, Science 1
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 2, Dreamers 3,
Gremayre 1, Mentor 5, Resources 1
Arts: Chicanery 2, Soothsay 2, Primal 1, Wayfare 1
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 1, Prop 3, Scene 1
Glamour: 6
Willpower: 5
Banality: 6

Treasures: Apart from his garb, there's not much
chimerical to Hamal. He does carry a chimeric dagger of
silver with a blood-red gem set in the hilt, but otherwise
he's woefully unprepared.

{ , with

Image: Hamal is not so much h
an appealingly disheveled look. In human guise he's al-
most six feet tall, carrying about five extra pounds, and
green eyed. Fond of dressing in black (black shoes, black
shirt, black socks, black pants, and black briefs), he'll
spend up to half an hour artfully mussing his hair each
morning.

In satyr mien, Hamal is still a devotee of the all-black
look, with flounces and robes going in every which direc-

tion. He belts all this with a scarlet sash, the only stripe of
a ]

color in his entire wardrobe. His curly hair
shades, almost to black as well, and the green of his eyes
brightens. Hamal can never sit still, and is constantly
twitching, bouncing, and looking for new amusements to
occupy any spare seconds he might have laying around.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a poster child for Atten-
tion Deficit Disorder, and this sentence is probably too
time-consuming for you to finish. You had a great oppor-
tunity, getting involved with the queen, but things have
gotten out of control and you don't see a way out that isn't
goi 4 I ly painful. Fidget fi lye d, if you
think you can get away with it, bluster with your unofficial
court position. You feel completely isolated, insulated as
you are at Caer Redwood with the queen, and would be
more than amenable to sneaking off with a sympathetic
band of commoners for some good old-fashioned carous-

ing.

Queen Aeron's personal handmaiden and body squire,
Lady Hannah is first to encourage the queen in her romantic
debauchery. A friend from the tutor-classes that Aeron took
as a teen, Lady Hannah has achieved the most enviable
position of having the ear of the queen, but none of the

ibiliti | igl mally bring. Indeed, she

r ca ‘
is free to roam, debauch, and break hearts to her own heart's
content. Although not as pretty as the queen, Lady Hannah
isknown for herrapier witand sensual lifestyle. Some whisper
} 1, ] ]

that there may I th ie )
indeed, some say that they are involved in some kind of
strange love triangle together with the Baron Marcos.
Court: Seelie

Legacies: Troubadour/Rogue

House: Eiluned

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 1,
Expression 4, Kenning 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2,
Melee 1, Performance (Dance) 4, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 3, Dreamers 3,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 1, Mentor 5, Resources 4, Title 1
Arts: Chicanery 2, Primal 3, Soothsay 2, Sovereign 3,
Wayfare |

Say at

2

SN ae

é


Realms: Actor 4, Fae 4, Nature 1, Prop 3, Scene 1
Glamour: 7
Willpower: 6
Banality: 4

Treasures: Lady Hannah's sword is chimerical, the
slim white blade being an image spun over a simple ivory
letter opener. The sword is unnamed and is generally worn
unsheathed. Hannah's armor is more decorative than
effective, made of shimmering plates of glass in rainbow
colors. Her helm is fantastically carved, and so heavy that
it's just as well she almost never wears it.
| }. ] * I]

Image: S beautiful, the
Lady Hannah has the curves of a belly dancer. With long,
black hair and a complexion darker than that of most
sidhe, Lady Hannah has an exotic look that most of the
men and some of the women of the court find irresistible.
Even in fae mien, she is more curvaceous and darker than
the average sidhe, and she wears gowns of green and gold
that accentuate both her voluptuous form and her cleav-
age. Hannah is generally draped in gold and silver trinkets,
and a chorus of jingling bells follows her as she stalks
through the corridors of Aeron's power.

Roleplaying Hints: A sexual and political predator,
you are constantly on the lookout for the next conquest.
It matters little whether your triumph is in court or under
the covers, as long as you win. Keep careful track of your
victories, for they will inevitably be of use later. What
interests you is not the actual bedding of your suitors, but
rather the idea of having power over so many people. The
one person in Court you will absolutely not target is
Hamal, partly because you maintain that much loyalty to
Aeron and partly because should Aeron be shocked into
competence, many of your little games would come to an
abrupt end.

Baron Narold diCDarcos

One of King Sean's most talented junior advisors,
Baron diMarcos was swept into prominence during the
dark months leading up to Aeron's Reaving. Originally
ticketed to take over the troublesome County of Oakhold,
diMarcos made himself an integral part of the court's
machinery during such times as the queen herself seemed
unable to make decisions concerning her realm. His tire-
less efforts to ensure that the mills of government spun
smoothly, as well as his uncanny knack for having at his
fi lLof the inf pertinent to whatever the

day's crisis was, brought the baron rewards when the queen
regained her sense of purpose.

Aeron was quite aware of how lax her direct governance
had been during her period of mourning. During those heady
days when she once more acted the part of a queen, she was

determined to reward those who had served her and Pacifica

well by governing when she could or would not. Baron

ThA he fj
CUVialCOs Was among Che Mrst

4}

were brought to

herattention J] Licekill 11,4]

gi
of his ambition could best be turned towards the kingdom's
ends. With that in mind, she canceled his appointment to
Oakhold and instead installed him as her chief advisor. His
job was, and is, to keep his hands on the reins of government

n day-to-d: d to keep hi g 1. As Queen
Aeron's obsession with her satyr lover has grown, more and
more matters of policy have fallen into diMarcos' domain as
well. Since he is still reluctant to offend his liege by usurping
her authority overmuch, diMarcos overtly wields his new

hori lyintl f 'sneeds

Bi y =
grow greater and his disgust with Lord Hamal grows, how-
ever, B s becomes less and less reluctant to take

what steps must be taken to ensure order.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Regent/Beast

House: Gwydion

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Expression 4, Kenning 1, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 1, Leadership 3,

Melee 3, Surviva


Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 1, Investigation 1,
Law 2, Politics 5
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 5, Dreamers 1,
Gremayre 1, Holdings 4, Resources 4, Retinue 3, Title 3,
Treasure 2
Arts: Legerdemain 3, Primal 3, Soothsay 3, Sovereign 4
Realms: Actor 5, Fae 4, Prop 1, Scene 1
Glamour: 7
Willpower: 9
Banality: 7

Treasures: The Baron possesses a deck of playing
cards which speak to him, informing him whether or not
he has been lied to. This Treasure has been kept hidden
from everyone else in Pacifica, even Queen Aeron. The

| , but theyh pert |

record. When going a-hunting, diMarcos girds himself
with his light mail, spun from silver an ‘

a
Cards are Not

she also saw through the young Aeron's wiles and recog-
nized the flaws which King Sean had been unable to see.
Still, times were good and the land was strong, and Sean
would surely rule for a great many years yet.

Alas, King Sean was taken not many years after, and
a desperately unready Aeron ascended the throne.
Aoibhell, who by this time had already been granted her
duchies by King Sean, did what she thought was her best
to stem the chaos that followed by staying in Berkeley and
refusing to meddle in the business of Aeron's Court. She
also put as charming a mask as she could on the spastic
social scene of the court by taking it on herself to throw the
balls and grand fetes which glued the nobility together,
affairs which should have been run by the queen.

It was during this time that she and Baron diMarcos first
came to each other's attention. With the same perceptive-
ness that first allowed her to identify Aeron's weaknesses, she

JAINA a }-

Should the occasion demand it, he wears a serviceable
chimeric longsword which he simply calls Thirst.
Image: A handsome man in his mid-twenties, Baron
diMarcos began to go gray while still in high school.
Almost six feet tall, he is slender but well-muscled, and
can often be seen spending hours at swordplay, training
after a difficult day in the political trenches. His face is
angular, with high cheekbones and eyes that are rarely
open wider than slits. The Baron's hair is long and silver,
held in place by a silver clasp with a single garnet in it. As

for clothing, diMarcos prefers unpretentious garb in his
House colors, tk cot | | his

than silk. His one concession to fashion is a pair of black
buccaneer boots, an affectation from his childhood days.

Roleplaying Hints: You would make Machiavelli proud.
The perfect admini and power behind the tl
take pridein makingthing hly. All thi
ered, you would prefer that no one even knew that you held
the reins, but there's no helping that. You've been growing
less and less patient with the queen's eccentricities of late,
and you find yourself acting more and more openly. Speak
qui tly and ay littl ie ibl Q the point across. Let
others do the rambling. They give away everything you need
to know that way, and after all, knowledge is power.

The Ouchy of Finvarr
Ouchess Aoidhell (Eh-vell)

Another classmate of Queen Aeron's, the Duchess
Aoibhell is far better suited to rule than her friend. A few
years older than her liege, the former Alanna Bell first met
the heir whilst undergoing training in the Arts from the

Paar

same tutor. While she f

you
om |

J +} o
the young p

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

quickly pegg: of the court's remark-
able strength of purpose whilst the queen mourned. Subtly
lending him her support, she made quite certain that his
position as eminence grise would be unassailable. She also
conceived quite an affection for the quietly handsome
nobleman, one which she takes great pains to cover up. The

£, ]. }. yt

baron, took her at face time
he met her, is quite unaware of the duchess' feelings for him.
Indeed, he refers to her in private as "Duchess Tinkerbell,"
and seems unaware of her contributions other than her
legendary parties. She has, of course, taken pains to ensure
that diMarcos never learns of the aid she lent him.

These days Aoibhell is filled with foreboding. Her
still-epic parties have taken on a manic edge, and her
recent "Masque of the Red Death" ball was viewed as being
utterly tasteless. (Inviting a Kindred Prodigal to attend the
party as the Red Death personified was, all agreed, a bit
much). Still, she lives in hope: hope that Aeron will free
herself from Hamal's lascivious clutches, hope that her
stewardship of her holdings will be a blessing for both land
and inhabitants, and hope that someday, perhaps, the
scales will fall from Baron diMarcos' eyes. Until then, she
rules quietly and revels loudly.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Fool/Saint

House: Liam

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression (Speech) 3, Kenning 5, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 1

>> Nal

~

2

caUNNavew


Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Leadership 4,
Melee 3, Security 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 1, Mythlore 2,
Occult 1
Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Dreamers 5, Gremayre 4,
Holdings 5, Resources 5, Retinue 5, Title 5, Treasures 3
Arts: Chicanery 2, Primal 2, Soothsay 4, Sovereign 5,
Wayfare |
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 4, Nature 1, Prop 1, Scene 4
Glamour: 8
Willpower: 6
Banality: 5

Treasures: Aoibhell possesses a sword which is ca-
pable of both flame and frost, which she calls Equinox.
The blade is a Treasure, a Civil War cavalry saber passed
down for generations in Aoibhell's mortal family. The
Duchess also | himeric trink d toys, ranging

from necklaces that heat up in the presence of Glamour to
a clockwork bronze bird that can find anyone in the world
should it be given proper direction. Aoibhell's armor is of
rings of brass cunningly fit together by her court smith.
Heraldic designs are beaten into the metal, and the en-
gravings are enameled red.

Image: A vision in blues and purples, the Duchess
Aoibhell is a crimson-haired beauty of classical form.
Slender and curvaceous, she has startlingly blue eyes and
awicked smile, both of which have been the despair of the
men and Kithain who surround her. She exercises re-
straint in her jewelry, preferring simple pieces of silver
adorned with pearls or opals. Her gowns are always long

——

and flowing, but she has been known to exchange court
garb for red and black trews for the hunt.

Roleplaying Hints: Quite aware of what's actually
going on at Caer Redwood, you keep your disapproval, not
to mention your razor-sharp intelligence, to yourself. If
diMarcos will hold together things politically, you'll take
care of the social end and hopefully everything will work
out. You don't want to think about the consequences if
they don't. Be kind to your servitors, gracious to your
guests, and respectful to the queen. Hamal and Hannah
have nothing but your contempt, though you show this
only in the subtlest of ways. In the meantime, be the
perfect hostess and get the real work done behind closed
doors.

Lady CDarina

A diminutive cherub, Lady Marina can most often be
found grinning like a maniac after having poked a hole in
one of Duchess Aoibhell'sintricately-pl 1policies. Fond
of muttering "Boingy boingy boingy," and other non-
sequiturish phrases, the Lady Marina has a rapier wit.
Aoibhell's court probably counts its blessings daily that the
Lady Marina is too tenderhearted to strike with its point.

In her human guise, Marina is the prodigy of a professo-
rial pairing at Berkeley, with the end result that she has to
worry far less about the Autumn People than most childlings.
As her human father specializes in Al and her human mother
focuses on abnormal psychology, both relish the chance to

} qe } U * . 7 Line she

jue percer Pp
may offer insight into their respective fields. They would
never dream of enforcing a bland 1 worldvi

vy upon

her (though they try to keep the marijuana where she can't

get at it yet). Marina has Enchanted both parents multiple
be Ree } hil

times, to the point where her mother i i
ity of writing a paper on the experience. Cognizant of this,
Lady Marina is attempting to permanently ensorcel both
mother and father in a manner similar to the trap of perma-
nent enchantment. Many are aware of her ambition but few
take it seriously. Instead, if they worry about the lovable
Marina atall, itis to fret that Aoibhell is pushing her too hard
with court responsibilities, and that the childling really is
being asked to do too much. The childling herself doesn't
seem to mind, though...just ask her and she'll tell you how
happy she is, probably boinging all over you in the process.
Court: Seelie

Legacies: Crafter/Rake

House: Dougal

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5

Chapzer Lour: Nodles


Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Dodge 4, Empathy 5,
Expression 2, Kenning 2

Skills: Crafts 1, Performance 1, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Dreamers 3, Gremayre 5,
Holdings 1, Mentor 3, Resources 1, Retinue 1, Title 2,
Treasures |

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 3, Soothsay 2,
Wayfare 1

Realms: Actor 1, Fae 4, Nature 1, Prop 1, Scene |
Glamour: 10

Willpower: 7

Banality: 2

Treasures: Lady Marina's sword is a tiny thing, more
of a dagger than anything else. It glows with a fierce white
light, and the more indignant Marina gets, the brighter it
glows. She also possesses a chimeric coin that always
comes up heads. That is, unless Marina wants it to come up
tails, or land on its side, or simply not come down when its
flipped.

Image: Lady Marina isa tiny porcelain doll, with rosy,
round cheeks and thick red hair. "Raggedy Ann" is one of
the appellations with which she has been tagged, and the
nickname has stuck. She has small hands, even for a
childling of her tender years, and a delicate frame. Marina
wears deep green, but inevitably musses her good court
gowns by ingd s, playing in the mud, etc.
Allofher jewelry is silver ("‘cos it makes me prettier"), and
there's nary a gem to be found on her person.

uc

Roleplaying Hints: If there is a fountain of youth, it's
located in your personality. You are infectously bubbly,
brimming over with life, good spirits, and a contagious
innocence. Darth Vader, were he in your presence long
enough, would start singing show tunes. Not the ones from
Phantom of the Opera, either. Effervesce all over anyone
you meet and try to draw them into your games. if they
won't play, don't give up hope. They'll come around later.
Say "boingy boingy boingy" to express everything from
glee to disappointment — it's all in your tone.

Baron Jacod

A grump in name only, Baron Jacob has the wonder-
ing spirit and innocent demeanor of a child, not to
mention a young man's zest for both life and combat. Now
approaching the princely age of fifty, he has served Aoibhell
and her predecessors for nearly twenty years of that span.
A A ae J Wisse sg}

f ys Sf
sibility for executing the logistics of the Duchess' grandiose
plans. More to the point, he understands her political use
of these spectacles and has moved small mountains in
order to achieve the effects she has wanted.

Although he has a gentle spirit, Baron Jacob also has a
discerning eye and he would not hesitate to criticize any
actions of Aoibhell's which he found to be unworthy. His
silence on a matter is generally all the support she needs to
take action, no matter how many holes Marina might have
punched in it. Jacob firmly backs Aoibhell in general,
though, and regards her as one of only two nobles in the
entire kingdom actually upholding their responsibilities.
The other, of course, is Baron diMarcos, and Jacob has been
subtly attempting to play matchmaker between the baron
and his duchess for years. He has met with minimal success,
however, as the relentlessly energetic diMarcos regards
Aoibhell's servant as a useful relic of days gone by. There is
no love lost between Baron Jacob and Count Elias, and the
two have nearly come to blows on several occasions.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Paladin/Wretch
House: Gwydion
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Empathy 2, Expression 2,
Kenning 4, Streetwise |
Skills: Crafts 2, Firearms 2, Leadership 3, Melee 3,
Security 2, Survival 2


Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Mythlore 1, Occult 2, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 2, Dreamers 1,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 3, Resources 3, Retinue 2, Title 3
Arts: Chicanery 1, Legerdemain 2, Primal 4, Soothsay
1, Sovereign 2, Wayfare 3
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 3, Nature 2, Prop 4, Scene 2
Glamour: 7
Willpower: 7
Banality: 8

Treasures: Baron Jacob's armor is made from a flayed
eryphon (hence his belt buckle). The helm, shaped with
an eagle's beak hanging over his brow, grants the wearer
the ability to see in even the darkest night, so long as th
is a single sliver of moon showing. The Baron also owns a
titanic chimeric greatsword, decorated with a series of
crosspieces done in silver and ebony.

Image: Gifted with a long, flowing beard and hands
that look like they could still crack walnuts, Baron Jacob
has aged gracefully. His silver mane is almost as long as
Baron diMarcos', but Jacob's carriage is that of the honor-
ably retired warrior. He still wears his armor, lacquered
with the images of fantastic beasts, underneath his cloak
of flowing purple. He also wears a swordbelt of black
leather, with a gold buckle in the shape of a gryphon's
head.

Roleplaying Hints: A retired warrior and devoted
servant, you are often found gazing wistfully back into the
past. You have dozens of stories about the Accordance
War, but you only tell them if you're certain you're not

going to offend anyone. You don't suffer fools gladly, and
have wide discretionary powers with which to remove
them from your duchess' presence. Be polite and expect
the same from others. Discourtesy has no place in any
court that you are part of.

The Ouchy of
Goldengate
Ouke Acon

A tragic figure, Duke Aeon has a legacy of survival
instead of triumph. Raised to the throne of Goldengate
after his father, the previous Duke A2thelred, succumbed
to cancer, Aeon has done his best to hold his duchy
together even as his personal life fell apart. Certain of his
subjects have nicknamed him "Cirion," after the Tolkien
character whose role was stewardship over Gondor's long
years of slow decay.

Aeon was an energetic, forceful ruler when he first
came to the throne. Although saddened by the tragedy
which granted him his Riagh, he was determined to build
upon £thelred's triumphs and water the bloom that was
flourishing so brightly. At first, all seemed well. An incred-
ible influx of Kithain, fueled by the opportunities for
creative spirits in Silicon Valley and later Multimedia
Gulch, arrived to swell the ranks of his subjects. The arts
community remained vibrant and strong, and it looked as
if the best years of Goldengate were still ahead. With his
beloved Duchess Calientra as his help d lover and
the burgeoning national prospects of his band (also called
Aeon), Duke Aeon could see only joy in the future.

Then the wine-sweet taste of success turned sour.
Queen Aeron's ascent to the throne produced chaos, as
much too much was asked of the lesser nobles. Aeon's
attention was split between Pacifican matters and those of
Goldengate. With the ducal eye fixed on greater crises, the
Shadow Court grew strong in Oakhold. As Baron Harold
diMarcos, Aeon's choice to rule Oakhold, was summarily
keptat court by f las] Oakhold
was granted to the inexperienced eshu Count Elias. This
move was widely viewed as a token concession to the

ftheb | inth made their

1

disdain at Elias' appointment clear. They made minimal
efforts to support Elias' rule and the eshu rapidly grew
embittered towards his "benefactors." While Elias still feels

that he owes something to Aeon, wi ffi his behalf
have never been less than sincere, his obvious wavering in
allegiance has done nothing to alleviate Aeon's problems.
And finally, there was the death of Calientra.


Aeon's eponymous band was hardly a huge national
success, but it had done well enough to demand the occa-
sional tour. Showcasing the duke's jangling riffs on his
Rickenbacher 12-string, Aeon's concerts attracted hordes of
Kithain who turned the concerts into veritable fonts of
Glamour. As the duke was the band's inspiration, so was
Calientra the duke's. The arrangement was satisfactory to
both the duke and the other band members, who regarded
Calientra with affection and reverence. On Aeon's last tour,
hing {to be going than ever, with larger crowds
and more plentiful Glamour. However, ata gig in Sacramento
disaster struck. No sooner had Duke Aeon rung down the
curtain with a final shout of "Goodbye, Sacramento" than
chaos exploded backstage. A gang of Dauntain burst through
the security cordon of trolls and abducted Calientra from her
position at the stage's wings. hed the
in time to see her hauled out of the theater, still struggling.
Following in a rage, he saw the Dauntain hurl her into a van

} 1 5
Dackstage just

and drive off. Borrowinga fan's car, Aeon set off ona perilous
chase through unfamiliar rain-slicked streets. Through a
combination of blind hatred, native skill and creative use of
the Arts the duke finally closed the gap on his prey, only to
have victory turn to ashes at the final moment. Calientra's
body, ashen pale, was thrown out of the van's rear doors even
as Aeon prepared a rescue. Heartsick, he stopped the car and
hurried to her huddled form on the pavement, but it was too
late. A cold iron blade had done its work, and Calientra
breathed her last in the arms of her beloved.

Calientra's death wrecked Aeon. He canceled the
remainder of the tour and returned to Goldengate to
brood. During this time Lady Alyssa assumed control of
the duchy much as Baron diMarcos had assumed control
of the Kingdom, but Alyssa's interregnum proved thank-
fully much briefer. A sadder man, Aeon took the reins of
power firmly in hand a few scant months after Calientra's
death, with only a certain coldness of manner present to
remind others of his ordeal. Both Aeon and Goldengate
seemed truly to be on the mend.

This past spring's Beltaine celebration produced a ma-
jor setback for those who hoped that the duke had healed.
Among the presents left at the ducal celebration was an
enchanted harp of ebony, an anonymous present to His
Grace. In fact a "gift" of the Shadow Court, the harp was
ensorcelled so that Aeon would believe the spirit of his lost
Calientra was contained within the black wood and silver
strings. It would often play by itself, and Aeon would
frantically scribble down the notes, convinced that his love
was trying to communicate with him by song. In reality,
nothing so romantic was occurring, and the entire affair was
a plot of the Shadow Court to keep the duke distracted and
impotent. Not surprisingly, it succeeded. The harp became

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

his obsession, hidden away in his chambers far from any
others. The lone servant who came across the treasure was

dismissed and geased never to speak of the matter. Aeon's

attention li l,and the |

aresult. His weakness, in conjunction with Aeron's, created
the opportunity that Malacar and his masters sought so that
they might put their malefic plans into action.

Of late, though, the matter of the harp has resolved
and Aeon has returned to himself. While still a sad man,
he is once more an actor instead of a spectator, and he is
attempting to wrest triumph from the tragedies that
threaten to overwhelm Goldengate. He is fully cognizant
of the magnitude of the threat facing the Kithain of
Pacifica, and has resolved that he shall take whatever steps

NS

necessary — even the ultimate sacrifice, should it be
required — to ensure the safety of his duchy and kingdom,
His enemies, it must be noted, remain less than impressed.
Court: Seelie

Legacies: Regent/Scrooge

House: Fiona

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipul

is

4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Expression (Singing/Songwriting) 4,
Kenning 4, Streetwise 2

Skills: Crafts (Instrument Repair) 2, Drive 3, Eti-
quette 4, Firearms 3, Leadership 5, Melee 4,
Performance 4, Stealth 2

>


Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 3, Law 1, Linguis-
tics 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Contacts 4, Dreamers 5,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 5, Resources 3, Retinue 5, Title 5,
Treasures 4
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2, Primal 3,
Soothsay 4, Sovereign 4, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 5, Nature 1, Prop 4, Scene 3
Glamour: 9
Willpower: 7
Banality: 6
Treasures: There is nothing in Goldengate that can
compare to his 12-string white Rickenbacher guitar. A
Treasure that can sing with an almost human voice, the
instrument intensifies Glamour; it can also intensify the
i who hear it played properly | :
pitch. Multiple times at Aeon shows, the duke has gazed
out over a crowd stunned into silence by the power of his
playing and his Treasure.
le

J and armored, of course. His armor
and blade are both chimerical, and the sword in fact

Aeon is

sometimes seems to be an extension of the seamless silver
armor the duke wears. Though the metal of the armor is
polished bright, it never seems to reflect any who stand
before it.

Image: Tall, blonde, and slim in the way that only
standing in front of stage lights for three hours a night,
every night, can keep you, Duke Aeon comes from the
Geddy Lee school of "Name That Time Signature" rocker.

fo . 1] ] By ician } 1,2} ‘ by ae | ]
1 4 Kvn 2 4i},]

and bone from head to y long,
dexterous fingers. While he specializes in neo-progressive
music, he manages to avoid the fashion excesses of those
whose musical leanings he shares. He may write
polyrhythms like Peter Gabriel, but Aeon has never yet
dressed up like a plant; nor has he taken fashion cues
instead of musical ones from Brian May of Queen. Instead,
Aeon tends towards long duster jackets of white or sky
blue, sometimes made of silk. He is also fond of baggy
pirate pants and poet shirts, and occasionally he'll don
buccaneer boots for a show when the mood strikes him.
Aeon tried facepaint during the early 80s, but he hasn't
attempted that in years, not since getting booed off the

ight while op ¢ for Rush. His face is thin but
stunningly handsome, with startling blue eyes that look
like they can swallow you whole. His lips are thin but red,
and he has long earlobes and high cheekbones like many
of the sidhe kith.

In fae mien, he is still hypnotically handsome but all
traces of the ordinary fade from him. Aeon's robes are rich
but simple, most often in shimmering blue and white. He

wears but one piece of jewelry, a gold band set with a
diamond cunningly carved into the shape of a rose blos-
som. This serves to remind him (as if he needed any
reminder) of his lost Calientra. He generally carries both
his guitar and his sword, and is as likely to break into song
as unsheathe the blade.

Roleplaying Hints: You've seen so much sorrow that
you're considering a move from rock to country. All that
remains is for your truck to stop working and your dog to
die, and you'll have it perfectly. The experiences of the
past few years have saddened you, but also made you
stronger. A lot of the levity has been burned out of you,
] . hl

g purf eth. Everyone, including
your enemies, is still underestimating you, and you'll make
people pay for that. Be attentive to others, but never forget
your relative positions. Your tolerance for nonsense is at
zero, and anyone attempting to dissemble in front of you
is in for a hellish time.

Princess Aliera
The heir to the Duchy of Goldengate, Aliera isa lover
£, J ‘©

hi ‘ hasa fine touch for knowing when
to end the games and when to start listening. No one knows

ia:
Of MISC

whether she was an orphan or a runaway, but she came to
Aeon' ft, Kring: il: 4}.

ft} }

y nerE Durgeon-
ing powers. Herarrival at Aeon's court caused such astir that
her Saining was overseen by the queen herself. It was during
those halcyon days, when Aeron's Reaving had just ended
but H {not yetc | and Aeron took
great joy in setting before the young princess all of the same
gifts which King Sean had set before her. The court sages

Em ie ] Liad j Joh ; 14} ££

choice to follow Aeon on the throne. Then Duke Aeon and
Duchess Calientra went on their fateful tour, and nothing
was ever the same again.

C is Io 4 1, } J ] a if.

on the young

princess. Her cousin no longer spent time with her, and

Aliera decided that it must be her own faultthat Aeon didn't

want to see her any more. She had been a bad girl, and thus
| A + ol j Wi | oe :: Aceh ] ] } a)

St :
best princess the world had ever seen, and threw herself into
her studies and duties with a frightening intensity. As Aeon
learned to deal with his loss and guilt, though, Aliera's
disposition mellowed. She stopped blaming herself and
learned to unleash her dazzling smile once again. Now her
merry laughter can be heard in the halls of court once again,
usually in chorus with the merriment of the innumerable
Kithain whom she has charmed.

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Orchid/Peacock
House: Fiona


Seeming: Childling

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Expres-
sion 4, Kenning 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 1, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Mythlore 1, Occult 1,
Politics 1

Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Gremayre 5, Holdings 4,
Mentor 5, Retinue 4, Title 5, Treasures 2

Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2, Primal 2,
Soothsay 1, Sovereign 3

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 4, Nature 1, Prop 2, Scene 2
Glamour: 9

Willpower: 6

Banality: 3

Treasures: Aliera's Treasure is a talking doll named
Tally, which tells her whether or not something she is
doing is the right thing. Mind you, she doesn't always heed
her advisor's counsel, but it's always there for the princess
to listen to.

Aliera has a tiny sword which she calls Beebite. It is
barely long enough to kill, but inflicts dreadfully painful
wounds, as many of the courtiers have inadvertently
discovered. She also has a set of magical marbles which
come when she calls them, and which seem to have a
knack for getting underfoot when someone is in a hurry.
Naturally, it is impossible not to trip when the marbles
insert themselves in your path.

Image: Aliera is your worst nightmare. She's tiny,
with blonde curls and dimples, and cute beyond anyone's
tolerance. Her smile could light uparoom, doftend
She has delicate hands and feet, and wears pink dresses
covered with lace and bows. Aliera wears only what
jewelry would be ladylike, usually understated rings with
stones that set off her bl d peach-pretty pl
ion. All in all, she's sweet enough that you almost need
insulin to stay in the same room with her.

Roleplaying Hints: While you are very aware of what
(all your teack you so), now

beinga I
that Aeon is better you can have some fun again. Get
yourself into trouble as many ways as you can, and rely on
your smile and your position to get you out. You haven't
quite figured out yet that other people have feelings, but
you're getting there. Be bubbly. In Aeon's court, some-
body has to.

ayla
A commoner child, Layla is an eshu as quiet as her
best friend, the Princess Aliera, is noisy. She is a willing
participant in her friend's games and japes, reveling in the
fun as much as the Princess does. However, she is also
pable of: ing th ious face which older Kithain
expect to see on those who have been caught with their
hands in the cookie jar, and as such has saved herself and
her adorable companion from censure, or at least embar-

rassment, on dozens of occasions.
Lt: ee | hI K

Laylai y lg the lay-
out of Aeon's palace, aware of every hidey-hole and secret
passage. She has shown most of these to Aliera, but holds
a few back, just in case. Layla is a fearless fighter when the

er ee j |

 alantiork
WIT The

fb
£8: Ak 1] A
0

Arts. Aliera has d ded he ‘osit
in on her specialized tutoring. As the distracted Aeron
relented rather than expend effort on the issue, Layla is

receiving an education worthy of a duchess.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Bumpkin/Riddler

House: Commoner

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Eshu

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3,
Expression 3, Kenning 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Performance 2, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Mythlore 1, Politics 1
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Gremayre 4, Mentor 3


Y

<r

Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2, Primal 1, Sover-
eign 1, Wayfare

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 4, Nature 2, Prop 1, Scene 2
Glamour: 7

Willpower: 5

Banality: 3

Treasures: Layla has made friends with the Monster
Under the Bed. It's a small monster, looking more like a
second tier Muppet than anything else, and it's afraid of
both lights and loud noises. Still, it's orange, fuzzy, and
cute, and Layla loves it.

Image: Slender and serious, Layla has a smile that
lives in her eyes. She is relatively dark-skinned, with long
hair that she binds up with colored ribbons. Layla wears
plain dresses of cream or yellow, though Aliera is con-
stantly giving her jewelry to wear. She moves with a
sinuous grace that would be at home on a dancer, and can
wriggle into hiding places that even the much smaller
Aliera finds a tight squeeze.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet, preferring to let
actions speak louder than words. When it is time to
summon words, you are surpassingly eloquent, and both

you and Aliera know that it's your talents that have
I {, ¥ hl

3 Or y 3 i
Aliera is your best friend, and you'll do just about anything
for her, no matter how | ined the scheme. You make
friends with difficulty, but once you decide that you like
somebody, you decide that you like them for life.

Lady Alyssa
ietly i idhe, Lady Alyssa

spent the time of Duke Aeon's sadness shouldering greater
and greater burdens. She and Baron diMarcos have found
that they have a great deal in common on a professional
level, and constantly exchange information and aid. She
also is in constant contact with Baron Jacob, though she
discounts his reports as having an unnecessary rosy tint to
them. Indeed, Alyssa is renowned in commoner circles for
having had a cold iron rod placed someplace very uncom-
fortable at birth, which explains her bright and sunny
disposition. Other wags have commented that this also
explains her lack of flexibility on court issues. Of course, it is
not fit to make these jests too loudly, for Lady Alyssa has a
way of knowing who is talking about her....
Lady Alyssa and SirC | fixtures for
years, and their worki lationship is the stuff of legend. No
one else is capable of reducing the old windbag to stuttering
silence in a matter of seconds, and Alyssa's skill with a verbal

harpoon earns her respect from even the smirking Sir Blade.
There is no love lost between those two, however.

Firm in her disapproval of Queen Aeron's actions (and
until recently, Duke Aeon's as well), Lady Alyssa remains a
loyal subject. She is : med with r ing crises
than with salvaging them, and is totally unconcerned with
credit for her actions. Of particular fascination to her is the
pooka Rasputin, gently removed from his position as Court
Jester for jesting too close to the truth. The removal of this
warning voice strikes her as dangerous, and she is a firm
proponent of returning him to his former prominence.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Hermit/Beast

House: Dougal

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 1, Expression 4,
Kenning

Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Firearms 2, Melee 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Law 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 2,
Politics 3

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 4, Dreamers 2,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 1, Resources 3, Title 2


Arts: Legerdemain 1, Primal 3, Soothsay 2, Sovereign 3
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 2, Prop 2, Scene 3
Glamour: 6
Willpower: 7
Banality: 6

Treasures: Lady Alyssa's armor consists merely of a
modest leather jerkin and leggings. She wears no helm,
and her shield is a simple targe. It is her sword that is the
wonder, a blade scarcely an inch across yet stronger than
steel. Absolutely straight, tl Is I knack
for finding chinks in armor where it would be sworn that
none existed.

Image: Sporting the classic English features, Lady
Alyssa looks (and acts) as if she just stepped from the
frames of a Merchant-Ivory film. With high cheekbones,
a fair complexion that is vulnerable to the rare blush, and
curly brown hair, Alyssa is the image of Old Country

Propriety. She wears severely cut gowns in dark colors,
accented by simple jewelry withs i se colors.
A sword is belted at her side, but no one can recall ever

seeing her draw it. It's just as well, really; most people who

have seen her naked blade haven't seen much afterwards.

Roleplaying Hints: Prim, proper, and prim: these
three words define you. Exceptionally uptight, you are a
stickler for protocol and deference. There's a reason people
suspect you've got a cold iron rod inserted someplace
delicate, though any comment so crude around you will
provoke an explosive response. Unleash your wicked wit
on rare occasions, usually when Sir Cummerbund has
really gotten himself into a lather. Otherwise, make sure
that everything is orderly. There is no higher goal.

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

Sir Cumulus

Alternately known as Sir Cummerbund, Sir Cucum-
ber, Sir Kumquat, and Sir Cumbersome, Sir Cumulus manages
the difficult feat of simul ly beinga pillar of virtue and
a windbag. The master of protocol for Duke Aeon's court,
Cumulus knows all of the lof tl i d
insists that every last one of them be said. He also isa veteran
of the Accordance War, having done mighty feats in those
stirring days, and will go on endlessly about his small-unit
tactical maneuvers at the Battle of Yarrow Glen. Generally
the only way to shut him up is to put a drink in his hand,
though duct-taping his mouth runs a close second.

With all that in mind, however, Cumulus isa genuinely
good Kithain with nothing but Pacifica's best at heart. He is
passionately devoted to his duke and will gladly lay down his
life in Aeon's service. The Shadow Court has his undying
hatred, and it is shocking to hear such salty language coming
from the mouth of this kindly gentleman.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin/Grotesque

House: Gwydion

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

1

Social: Charisma 3, Manif 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 1,
Empathy 2, Kenning 1, Subterfuge |
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 5, Firearms 2, Leadership 3,
Melee 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Mythlore 3, Occult 1, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 2, Dreamers 2,
Gremayre 1, Holdings 2, Resources 2, Retinue 1, Title 2,
Treasures 4
Arts: Primal 3, Sovereign 3, Wayfare 4
Realms: Fae 3, Nature 1, Prop 3, Scene 4
Glamour: 7
Willpower: 6
Banality: 7

Treasures: Sir Cumulus' famous Treasure is hissword,
Arcbiter. The centuries-old blade is nothing less than a
hand-held lightning bolt under Glamour, and it slices
armor and flesh with equal ease. There i g of mercy

in the blade, only power. Cumulus also sports blue
4 ]

armor, with gauntl ved from the beast's
claws. At the knight's hip is a golden goblet, a gift from the
Brothers of the Barrel. It both sweetens and strengthens

any drink placed within. Even Mad Dog 20-20 becomes a

>> Va

Yo

7 al


4

SEER

DEERE

fine chardonnay through this chimeric winecup's influ-
ence.

Image: Sir Cumulus is a grizzled old warrior with red
hair and a black eyepatch, wearing the latter in best pirate
style. He is immaculate in his appearance and keeps his
dragonscale armor polished so brightly it gleams. His
remaining eye is bright blue, and his nose is red from
perhaps a few too many draughts of the Brothers of the
Barrel's best. While Cumulus' best days are behind him, he
is still barrel-chested and muscular, as many a younger
knight has discovered come Pennons. He may have lost a
step in speed, but he has gained several decades' worth of
cunning.

Roleplaying Hints: Bluster your way through every-
thing. You' hing bef 1you prefer drawing
on your vast experience for a similar situation to actually
thinking about the one in front of you. It's a black and
white world, with no room for relativism. Only by holding
fast to what makes you Kithain can you remain Kithain,
and that keeping all of th litions. Even the ones
that embarrass the heck out of you.

The Councy of Oakhold

Counc Chas

If ever a Kithain were caught between a rock and a
hard place, it would be Count Elias of Oakhold. His
appointment a scant five years ago was something of a
political booby prize. While the sheer size of the holding
makes it a prize, the truth is that Oakhold is unmanage-

able, essentially a buffer state to be held against the
encroachments of the Shadow Court.

Elias arrived in Oakhold buoyed by the very highest of
hopes. He was aware that the county had something of a bad
reputation, but
an opportunity of epic proportions. His stated goal was no
less than to turn Oakhold into the showpiece holding of
Pacifica. Of course, thi fore | led into hisfiefand
discovered the truth about his glorious opportunity.

1 that what lay before him was

In short order, Elias was made aware of the facts: A) his
court consisted of disillusioned grumps who stayed at court
as often as they could to hide from the Unseelies on the
street; B) not only were the streets crawling with Unseelie
Kithain, but said Unseelies also made up the majority of
Oakhold's population and reported only to a certain eshu
named Blade, not the count; and C) as far as Duke Aeon's
d, he was on his own. Elias still held
the duke himself in the highest regard, but Aeon was
distracted and his flunkies were vehement in their opposi-

. *. CNalL-4 Lj A

courtiers

To top it all off, Elias quickly discovered that Oakhold's
Glamour resources were pitiful and dwindling fast.
Exchanging rosy optimism for realpolitik in record
time, Elias quickly made the maneuvers necessary for sur-
vival in this political wilderness. He revitalized the court,
replacing defeatists with those who at least believed in the

possibility for improvement. He embarked on a draconian
1 1 | ] }

3 a4 sources of
Glamour as possible. Recognizing where the true power in
Oakhold lay, he became friends with Sir Blade and brought
him into the Oakhold decision-making process. This also
neutralized Blade's counterculture cachet and ensured that
those Unseelie Ki | ey ERR OS || JRIoj42'«1] j 14.1 )
adhere to those dictates that Blade had a hand in. On the
other hand, this necessitates a certain Unseelie bent to his
policies as well as a coldness towards those whom he feels
| {hi Oakhold's mercies. Thi bi
led to a groundswell of support for the spurious rumor that
Elias has g he Shadow Court. It is not that Elias
himself is Unseelie. Rather, he is an utter pragmatist, not yet
experienced enough in the dances of court politics to mask
those actions which might offend.

Court: Seelie (but questioning)

Legacies: Saint/Outlaw

House: Commoner

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Eshu

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5

Chapcer [our: Nodles


Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Expression (Speech) 3, Kenning 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Leadership 3, Melee 3, Perfor-
mance 2
Knowledges: Computer 2, Law 1, Linguistics 2,
Politics 3, Science |
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 5, Dreamers 4,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 4, Resources 4, Title 4, Trea-
sures 3
Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 2, Primal 3, Sover-
eign 3, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 4, Nature 3, Prop 1, Scene 3
Glamour: 8
Willpower: 6
Banality: 5

Treasures: Under Glamour, Elias' rings can grow
into asuit of gol that pletel him yet
is as supple as leather. His blade, a scimitar he calls Azif, is
a Treasure rescued from an antique shop and hums with
the buzzing of insect wings when it is wielded in battle.
There is a flame-bladed dagger at Elias' hip, a blade which
is pure chimera. However, this blade has been seen to drip
a chimeric venom, and Elias' occasional choice of this
weapon as a tool for administering justice has met with
some disgust. Elias also has a chimeric longbow of
ensorcelled ash, but he almost never uses it.

Image: A handsome black man, Elias isa solidly built
six foot two. With close-cropped hair and a simple stud
earring, he radiates a solid unpretentiousness. There are
gold bracelets on his wrists and a gold chain around his

neck, but other than that he wears little adornment. His
clothes are either white, gold, or black, depending on his
mood for the day, and he always d ins bi
tion of the three. Azif rides at his hip, and his flame-bladed
dagger in an arm sheath, but Elias is so open and friendly
that these seem to be non-threatening costume pieces
more than anything else.

Roleplaying Hints: Tapdance as fast as you can,
because you're juggling too many eggs and the Shadow
Court is about to ask you for an omelet. You've made a lot
of promises to a lot of people in order to get Oakhold
running smoothly, and you can't honor all of those prom-
ises to all of those people. You're quite aware of where the
(the | you're there, the

real power in Oakhold lies

e
more you realize how isolated you are even from
Goldengate. Smile frequently and be as charming as
possible. You're a natural born politician, doing your best
to do what's right even as you discover that's impossible.
You honestly want what's best for Oakhold, you're just not
quite sure what that is any more.

Lady Lomas:
Count Elias' personal soothsayer and conscience,
Lady Lomasi is all of nine years old. A relatively recent

arrival in Oakhold, sl ther duties with the sort

of gravitas only a small girl can muster. Lomasi is a firm
believer in Right Makes Might, Superman, Truth, Justice,

and the Changeling Way, and is constantly deeply of-
fended by the compromises Elias must make daily in order
to maintain his hold on Oakhold. She frequently serves as
a sort of moral litmus test for Elias' more questionable
i i | d to lend

maneuvers, and her im ying
weight to her disapproval. At the moment she is furious
with the count for having taken Sir Blade, against her
advice, to Duke Aeon's last Beltaine celebration. While
she does not know the exact nature of the tragedy resultant
from that blunder, she is quite aware that many of the
duke's recent troubles can be traced to it.
Court: Seelie

Legacies: Sage/Riddler

House: Eiluned

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 4, Expression 1,
Kenning 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Performance 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Mythlore 2, Occult 2

4


DF,

}
y
)
J
;
)
}

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Dreamers 2, Gremayre 3,
Title 2
Arts: Chicanery 2, Soothsay 4, Sovereign 1
Realms: Fae 4, Nature 2, Prop 2
Glamour: 8
Willpower: 4
Banality: 2
Treasures: Lady Lomasi does not bear a sword. In-
stead, sh | i 1 with her a crystal ball
which glows with its own bluish light. When removed
from Glamour the sphere is revealed to be a souvenir
snow-globe, but it isan invaluable aide in the young lady's
scrying. Curiously enough, she never finds the ball heavy,
even though she carries it everywhere with one hand.
Image: Tiny and ic-thi
be mistaken for asluagh. Her elfin features are parchment-
white, and her wide, wide eyes are dead black. Her hair is
a rich chestnut color, but it hangs long and straight
without adornment. In her human guise her mother tends
to French braid her mane, but at court she lets it hang free.
Her dress is in somber tones, with lace edging and
wedgewood or cloisonné jewelry. It is rare for Lomasi to
wear gems, as she claims that they interfere with her
soothsaying abilities.

Lomasi might almost

Roleplaying Hints: You are right. Always. Never
forget that. Elias is wrong. A lot. Never forget that either.
Do what you can to make him do the right thing, but you
know it's not going to work. You know a lot of things.
You'd like to share them with people, but people never
listen. People are stupid.

Sir Troy

Whip-fast with a blade, Sir Troy is fond of boasting of
his prowess in both battle and bed. Much to the chagrin of
his many detractors, Sir Troy effortlessly backs up his
boasts, at least on the field of battle. As for the other, well,
the less said of those rumors the better.

One of the scores of Kithain who came west in search
of the mythical land of instant software-company
millionairehood, Troy Eshelman presented himself to
Duke Aeon with his customary swagger and was rapidly
shuffled over to Oakhold by the less-than-impressed Lady
Alyssa. He fit right in at Elias' chaotic court, arriving just
as the count ing ies by sacking I f
the existing court. His attitude and obvious skill with a
blade made Troy an instant candidate for promotion, and
within three weeks he had established himself as a fixture
in Elias' councils.

There is a rivalry, mostly one-sided, between Troy
and Blade. Troy hates and envies the Unseelie eshu, both
for his power and his prowess. Blade, on the other hand,
simply isn't that aware of Sir Troy's existence. One who is
aware of Sir Troy, however, is Lady Alyssa. Her suspicion
of him is met with hatred, as Troy correctly assigns to her
the blame for his removal from the seat of power. It is Sir
Troy who is in fact responsible for the missing heralds, an
opening gambit in his campaign against the woman he
believes wronged him.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Wayfarer/Savage

House: Fiona

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Kenning 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Security 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computers 4, Investigation 1, Linguis-
tics 1, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 2, Dreamers 1,
Gremayre 1, Resources 3, Title

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 3, Primal 3
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 1, Prop 3, Scene 1

Glamour: 6

Willpower: 7

Banality: 6


Treasures: A sword and bow are all the equipment Sir
Troy has, and he likes it that way. His blade is a slightly
curved longsword that hints of katana ancestry, but with a
Western-style hilt. The balance of the blade, which appears
to be forged from alabaster, is so perfect that it adds a die to
any attack roll made with it. The sword itself has been named
Last Kiss, and Troy takes great pleasure in informing his
opponents of this. As for the bow, it is a simple recurve made
from pitch-black wood. The string is made from human hair,

1} snapped. Troy claims that the hair is that of his
first lover, who gave it to him as a gift even as he left her.
Whether or not this is true, those who see Troy shoot do
sometimes hear him whispering to the bow, almost as if he

were asking its permission for its use.

Image: Sir Troy is almost snake-like in his fae guise.
Hooded eyes, a thin, flat face, and ears that press back
against his shaven skull all make him look more like a
cobra than a sidhe. Only his goatee gives away his mam-
malian heritage. Sir Troy wears a trio of dangling gold
earrings in each ear and a silk shirt of many colors that's
constantly rippling into new rainbow displays. His pants
are gray and baggy, affording him a swordsman's freedom
of movement. For the most part, Troy eschews armor,
preferring speed to protection.

Roleplaying Hints: Damn, you're good. You're not the
best yet, and that rankles, butyou're getting there. Pick upall
you can from Blade and anyone else who's demonstrably
better than you are, but anyone whom you can whip is less
than dirt to you. You embody all the old pre-Accordance
War arrogance of the nobility, and there's no love lost
between you and any commoners. Count Elias is a special
case, but only so long as he's the count and you're not.

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

The Councy of Selkrest

Countess Cvaine

A proponent of a peace greener than most, the
Countess Evaine's preoccupation is twofold: greater and
greater feats of the Arts and her friends, the selkies. These
seal-like creatures have committed her to a policy that
prioritizes tk ironment overall else. All other matters
of policy are secondary, and she has relented on other
matters of court when offered concessions on environ-

> WS

mental issues.

Her position in current matters is ambiguous. She is
less than fond of Duke Aeon, citing his preoccupation
with his lost love as the reason she finds him to be
ultimately useless as a ruler. Count Elias is the bane of her
existence, both for Oakhold's often Mordorian landscape
and for his personal slipperiness. While Evaine is dedi-
cated to the proposition of correcting the crises afflicting
Pacifica, she finds I Ifalmost without allies with which
to do so. Her trust lies in her courtiers, especially Baron
Neville and Lady Aine, and the selkies. This attitude has
won her few friends at court, so even when her counsel is
sage (such as her advocacy of the selkies), it is discounted
as coming from a less than trustworthy source.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Saint/Scrooge
House: Eiluned
Seeming: Wilder

LS


&

os

DEER

w%

Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Empathy 5, Expression 2, Kenning 4, Streetwise |
Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Leadership 3, Melee 2,
Performance 2
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 4, Investigation 2,
Law 2, Linguistics 2, Mythlore 3, Occult 5, Politics 2,
Science |
Backgrounds: Chimera 5, Contacts 1, Dreamers 3,
Gremayre 4, Holdings 3, Resources 4, Retinue 4, Title 4,
Treasures 2
Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 3, Primal 2,
Soothsay 4, Sovereign 5, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 5, Nature 5, Prop 3, Scene 2
Glamour: 10
Willpower: 8
Banality: 4

Treasures: Countess Evaine possesses a ting which
enables her to breathe water, making her friendship with
the selkies that much closer. The ring itself isa simple band
inset with mother-of-pearl, and only close examination
will reveal that it is a Treasure.

AsEvainei ful h II

}
Mads LO

f 8 )
need for her blades, but a pair of identical chimerical silver
shortswords hang at her belt. Each is marked with runes

whom the blades bite. Evaine can also don

14 +t

armor | Herset isa gift from the
selkies, and appears to be made entirely of forged water.
While wearing it, Evaine is surrounded in rippling, sun-
dappled waters which somehow manage to deflect almost
any blade in her direction. The last of her important
chimera is Yakov, a man made from matchsticks. Yakov's
head is constantly burning, and it is his flame that Evaine
uses to begin any and all fires in Selkrest. Furthermore,
hould hostile magics be di Jat th s, the color
of Yakov's head changes from healthy yellow to venomous

green.

Image: Countess Evaine is large forasidhe, coming as
close as one of that kith may to "Earth Mother" status.
(When other sidhe ladies call her "hippie," they aren't just
talking about her politics.) With full face and figure, she
has a healthy glow to her skin that comes from many hours
working with her hands in the sun. While her garb is as
rich as any in Pacifica, there is often brown dirt under her
nails to match the shimmering green of her gowns and
emeralds. Evaine wears a no-nonsense pair of silver
shortswords, and is equally proficient with left or right

hand, but the need for her to use them is rare. As she often
can be found swimming nude with her friends the selkies,
she prefers to have her black hair relatively short. How-
ever, she does grow it long once a year for Beltaine.

Roleplaying Hints: Sorceress, guardian of the envi-
ronment, feminist, and noblewoman, you've got it all
under control. It's about time the Kithain got seri |
protecting the earth, and you've made a lot of contacts
with Garou about doing just that. The rest of the nobles of
Pacifica probably can't tell a spotted owl from a snail
darter, but you'll save them from themselves. Thank the
Goddess for Neville and Aine, because without them you
couldn't find your own head in the morning. They can
handle the details, the big picture is all yours.

Baron Neville

The aged, faithful servant of Countess Evaine, Baron
Neville is a dedicated servitor with only his mistress' best
interests at heart. This is what the countess Evaine be-
lieves of her steward. The fact that she is, of course,
completely wrong, makes things far more interesting in
Selkrest than they should be.

Aide to the countess' family since time out of mind,
Baron Neville has grown steadily more bitter about his
being perceived as merely part of her court's machinery.
Though the holdings granted to him are sizable, he hun-
gers after more recognition and more power. With this in
mind, he has hitched himself to Count Elias' star, seeing
int biti lidate for Aeon's title. Blade's
influence over Count Elias worries Neville perhaps less
than it should, as he views himself as quite capable of
weaning Elias from the eshu's counsel should it become
necessary. In the meantime, he bides his time at Selkrest,
careful to never show his utter disinterest in his countess'
environmental goals and selkie friends.

Court: Seelie (barely)

Legacies: Crafter/Grotesque

House: Liam

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Empathy 1, Kenning 1,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Firearms 2, Leadership 1,
Melee 2, Security 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Law 3, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 2, Dreamers |,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 2, Resources 3, Title 3

Chapcer [our: Nodles


Arts: Chicanery 1, Primal 2, Soothsaying 2, Sover-
eign 2, Wayfare 4

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2, Prop 3, Scene 2

Glamour: 7

Willpower: 6

Banality: 8

Treasures: Baron Neville has a trio of chimeric items
worthy of notice. His dagger, Heartsdrinker, can flash in
an instant into longsword form, and the silver blade has a
rust-stained blood groove. When pressed to the hunt or
battle, the Baron dons his unique set of bone mail, crafted
from the ribs of a chimeric beast long since banished from
Pacifica. The armor encases the baron completely in rings
of bone, making a sinister yet comical figure of him. As for
the third, it is a jeweler's loupe that lets him scry through
gems. The item makes any attempt to Soothsay easier,
provided a jewel is the focus of the Art.

Image: Baron Neville looks like a kindly grandfather.
With a bushy Santa Claus beard and enough of a paunc
to make him look jolly, Neville dresses to accentuate his
avuncular image. His clothes are neat but frumpy, often in
earth tones. He is fond of clawhammer jackets and silver-

1 } , | oll ll
there s enough wrinkles

buttoned vests, but
to make him look friendly as opposed to ossified.

Baron Neville is in fact going bald, and often wears a
hat of one sort or another to cover this up. He does not
wear a sword, but a twelve-inch silver dagger does hang at
his belt. It is, of course, ceremonial.

Roleplaying Hints: You may look like Grandpa
Walton but you act like Grandpa Munster. Evaine is so
wrapped up in her sealskins that she thinks you're part of

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

the furniture, and Lady Aine, who should be your inferior,
is even worse. You've had it with the attitude, so you're
going to see if you can hook up with someone on the rise.
In the meantime, it's the kindly grandfather act for you.
Get wine and smile as you do it. Don't outwardly fret when
everyone forgets you're a baron; you're used to it by now.
Payback will come some day, and you can't wait.

Lady Aine

Lady Aine, it must be said, should have been born a
pooka. She is a practical joker extraordinaire, and her
‘ ft £4} 1 } j

Ilthe duchess

F
from some of her wilder flights of eco-separatism. Aine is
never actually caught in her joking, however, and she has
an uncanny knack for maintaining a face of granite even
as the wildest feats of Chi yand Le

around her.

cerdemain blossom

] s as 1,

Inher E f as aGvis
Aine shares many of her liege's concerns but has a far more
practical viewpoint when it comes to implementation.
She worries that Evaine spends trifle too much time with
spellbooks and selkies and not enough on the day-to-day
details that make a Holding function. Her agreement with
Evaine's environmentalist agenda gives credibility to her
occasional calls for perspective, and as such she is much
more effective than Baron Neville at getting Evaine to
deal with those devilish details. Aine has also championed
the cause of the Edge of the Labrys (see below) and has
added feminist concerns as well as environmental ones to
Evaine's plate.

4

Like everyone else in Selkrest, Lady Aine is com-
} ad

pletely fooled by Baron Neville. SI
being incapable of any sort of subversive action, and as
such dismisses any quirks in his behavior as merely the
infirmity of the old. It is precisely this sort of patronizing
attitude that has led Baron Neville to seek an alliance with
Count Elias, and while he is still as polite as ever to Lady
Aine, should his plans succeed Selkrest would hold no
place for her.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Bumpkin/Fool

House: Dougal

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Kenning 2, Subterfuge 2

> WF

Wa Vom

~~


iin

sm

Skills: Crafts (Weaving) 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1,
Leadership 2, Melee 4, Performance 1, Stealth 1,
Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3, Mythlore 4,
Politics
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 2, Dreamers 2,
Gremayre 3, Holdings 1, Mentor 2, Title 2
Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 3, Primal 1, Wayfare 1
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 3, Nature 3, Prop 2, Scene 3
Glamour: 8
Willpower: 5
Banality: 6

Treasures: Aine's armor is her pride and joy. Taken
from chimeric creatures with skins like quicksilver, it has
been polished and brightened until it gleams like the sun.
Her¢ | | the same material, and in
battle she almost looks like the creatures who once bore
that same hide. Her sword is relatively short, witha vicious
sawed edge to it. Aine calls the blade Scalpel, a name
which has not endeared her to Baron Neville.

Image: Aine is, to be blunt, ravishingly beautiful.
With a waterfall of red hair and fine-boned features, she
looks as if she should be under glass instead of in the field.
However, she look lly at home in armor or robes, and

often jokes about blinding opponents with the glare from
+]

her breastplate. She wears a longsword at her
side and shimmering blue and gray robes, at least when
she's not out digging in the garden or swimming with the
selkies. Her hair has never been bound up. Some of her
| that her gray ey
this is jealousy, not fact.

lly glow at night, but

Roleplaying Hints: A deadly joker one minute, you
can be deadly serious the next. Women's issues, particu-

larly in this damned backwards patriarchal court system
(Why the hell is it still a "kingdom," anyway? It's not like
Aeron has outdoor plumbing) are number one on your
priority list, but you feel that deflating overstuffed male

lid in the struggle as attending a march.
After all, if you don't change the way people think, you'll
never get them to change the way their rules are enforced.

egos 1S as

Automatically assume that the women are in charge

of any pally y
men off balance. Keep your terms, and
if it looks like it's getting out of hand, pull rank. Practical
jokes are your guilty pleasure, and you indulge (always
with a straight face) whenever you can.

ven if it's not true, it puts the
4 .

hapzer Lour: Nodles



What hempen homespuns have we here
Swaggering so near the cradle of the fairy queen?

— William Shal

This chapter provides an overview of some of the
commoners in San Francisco that characters are likely to
encounter. Bear in mind that these are hardly the only
changelings in the San Francisco area, and that there are
uncounted bands and motleys scattered from the Coit
Tower to Alameda and beyond.

Raggers Band

Ragger is a boggan childling of astonishing charisma
and unearthly pickpocketing skills. The combination of
the two have led him to the top of cutpurse society in San
Francisco, and not a wallet is rifled anywhere in the city of
the Golden Gate without his knowing about it. The band
is made up mostly of childlings, as older Kithain tend to
move out of pickpocketing into more serious areas of
criminal activity. Most of Ragger's operatives are street

children like himself, though a surprising percentage drift

in from the suburbs and wealthier neighborhoods for the
sheer thrill of theft. However, not even the most dissipated
thrillseeker among the members of Ragger's band will ever
seek to deprive him of his share of the spoils. Ragger has

e, A Midsummer Night's Dream

ways of finding out when things like that happens, and
when Ragger discovers something unpleasant, Henry the
troll regards it asa personal duty to make Ragger's life less
unpleasant.

The band's muscle, Henry, is a hulking troll and one
of the few wilders working for Ragger. In a pinch, Ragger
can call on up to 30 followers for a confrontation. He has
close to three times that many informants and freelancers
on call, and has made himself quite the little kingpin. In
addition to Henry, the ranks of his operatives include the
satyr childlings Hal and Toe, anocker grump named Theo
who functions as an in-house fence, a sluagh with a bad
case of Trent Reznor envy who goes by Rave, and Chucky
D, another boggan barely five years of age who's decided
that he's going to be Ragger's successor. Ragger's own
opinion on this matter has yet to be recorded.

Ragger

A true child of the streets, if asked four times who his
human parents were, Ragger would give five different
answers. In all honesty, the boy simply doesn't know,

Chapzer Live: Commoners


having been kidnapped out of a supermarket at age two

dth | a d when his abd i 1 that they
had no idea whom to call to make their ransom demands.
Reggie, as he was known then, would quickly have per-
ished had not a spinster sluagh named May spotted the
infant from behind her drawn shades and recognized him
for what he was. She hurried d stairs, swept the boy up,

and took him for her own. It was a fate preferable to a brief
- , 4d

an

the street, May

to raise Reggie as her own.

Perhaps owing to his unusual upbringing, Reggie (or
"Ragger," as May began calling him) underwent his Chrysa-
lis before his third birthday. While May wasa generous and
devoted soul, her mortal frame was nearly burned out. She
couldn't keep up with the rambunctious child. Ragger
grew up with few reins on his pleasures, and the streets
called to him with a siren song. With his natural dexterity
enhanced by his inhuman skills, Ragger found picking
pockets, stealing wallets, and breaking into cars to be at
least one child's play. Before long word was out on the
streets that the "Wild Child" was the best five-finger
discounter out there, and he began to gather around him
other like-minded childlings. Some came to learn from
him, some came to challenge, but all fell under his charis-
matic spell. By the time Ragger was nine, he was the
undisputed king of the filches and cutpurses of San Fran-
cisco. Other fagins sent bully-boys and enforcers around to
carve their territories out of Ragger's flesh, but the little
boggan always managed to sidestep trouble one way or
another. His would-be itl
employers empty-handed, or ended up joining him.

returned to their

May died around this time, plunging Ragger into a
brief but deep depression. He was rescued from this funk by
Henry, a troll who had originally been sent by a rival
beggar-king to introduce Ragger's face to a brick wall.
Henry had almost immediately fallen under Ragger's spell,
and when the surrogate mother May was gone, the surro-
gate father Henry was there to take her place.

Currently Ragger and his band operate out of a
boarded-up house in the Fillmore. On the outside the
place looks like a bomb hit it, but inside it's a combination
of a fortress and a toystore. Ragger himself, when not out
on the streets making his own fun, rules his little band of
cutpurses from the basement of this magnificent club-
house.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Rake/Wayfarer

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Boggan

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2

]

A 3
, Appearance

Social: Charisma 4, Mani

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 4,
Expression 3, Kenning 1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Leadership 3, Melee 1, Security 3, Stealth 3,
Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Law 2, Linguistics 1
Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 2, Primal 1, Sover-
eign 2, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 5, Fae 4, Prop 3, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Dreamers 5, Gremayre 3,
Holdings 2, Resources 3, Retinue 3, Treasures 3
Glamour: 9
Banality: 2
Willpower: 7

Image: Ragger would seem to be a product of mixed
Indian and African ancestry. There's a constant smile in
his eyes that always verges on a sneer, and his fingers are
impossibly long and thin. Currently he sports a near-buzz
cut of his curly black hair, but as he constantly wears a
backwards-turned 49ers baseball cap, it's not as if his
hairstyle matters much. Barely four and a half feet tall,
Ragger finds it impossible to sit still for more than seven or
eight seconds at a stretch. His fingers are constantly
dancing, and often he will lift a wallet from one of his
companions without even realizing he's doing it. Ragger
generally wears a madcap motley of team jerseys and baggy
pants, but he's been known to slum in lonoccasi

Roleplaying Hints: The world is your oyster, and
you've just acquired a taste for seafood. San Francisco is a
sandcastle waiting for you to kick it over. You're sur-
rounded by friends who realize how great you are, there


isn'ta kid on Nob Hill who has more Sega cartridges than
you do, and even if there were, you could whip his ass and
hisfather's too. Youl idea what's img
because for you nothing has been yet.

When dealing with "adults," put on the airs of a
businessman. Talk about prudent moves and long-term
investments, though it's quite obvious that you haven't
planned past 3:15 tomorrow afternoon. Look to Henry to
back up your decisions 100%, and have absolutely no
doubt that every member of your little band of thieves will
back you as far as you care to go. The possibility of a
situation where you might come out on the short end
hasn't even occurred to you yet.

simply
pry

Nen RY

Some people make careers out of being hired muscle.
Henry is more like hired bone. A troublemaker tossed out
of school at age 14 for drug offenses, Henry stole his father's
car in a rage, wrapped it around a tree, and promptly
vanished into the haze of a Chrysalis on the mean streets
of San Francisco. Even at fourteen, Henry was over six feet
tall and well capable of taking care of himself. By the time
he hit sixteen, various Unseelie lords and gangsters had
contracted him as security on some of their highest-risk
operations. When a certain uppity boggan began cutting
into one of his employers' profits, Henry dto
take the "Wild Child" out of commission, permanently if
need be. Through a combination of Sovereign, fast talk-
ing, and good old fashioned charisma, Ragger talked
Henry into signing on with him instead. In a matter of
weeks, Henry had decided that Ragger's safety was his
responsibility, and it was Henry that Ragger turned to
when his foster mother died. Henry now fills the role of the
perfect father figure, strong and protective without ever

saying no.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Beast/Bumpkin

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Troll

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 1, Streetwise 4
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Security 3,
Survival

7 led Ty . 5 2

Arts: Primal 5, Sovereign 1, Wayfare 1

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2, Nature 4

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 1, Mentor 2,
Resources |

Glamour: 6
Banality: 6
Willpower: 8

Treasures: Henry
of lead pipe, affectionately named "the Dentist" for its
unerring habit of knocking the teeth out of an opponent's
mouth.

piked length

Image: Not quite so large as a tree yet only slightly
more mobile, Henry probably would have had a long
career as either a professional football player or a tract of
low-income housing had he not been derailed in high
school. Massive without being the slightest bit fat, Henry
has muscles where other people don't even have places.
With a square jaw and a Marine buzz, he'd look almost
military if it weren't for his Rollins Band tattoos and

if flective shades. E linarily pale, Henry
has coal-black hair and a thin-lipped mouth. He often
wears military garb from thrift stores, bei ially f

g EST y fond
of West German army gear and romper-stomper boots.

When seen as a troll, Henry goes from frightening to
terrifying. His limbs look like gnarled tree branches, his
fists and feet like clubs. With a face like a rough draft of Mt.
Rushmore, he intimidates other Kithain merely by look-
ing at them.

Roleplaying Hints: Ragger is the kid brother you
never had. That is, you had a kid brother before you ran
away, but the little brat was never nice to you the way
Ragger is. At this point, you'd take a building apart brick
by brick ifsomeone who hurt Ragger were inside. Youcan't
be bought, or even rented.

91

NNT C.
LAG A

You don't talk much. Simply stare at anyone who
speaks to you until they get the hint and go away. If talking
is called for, let either Ragger or "the Dentist" do it for you.
While you've got good people instincts, your education
stopped at about a fourth grade level, and anyone who
condescends to you about this is going to find themselves
ina whole new world of pain.

The OaklandDeoples
| Ront

United mostly against Queen Aeron's court, the
Oakland People's Front is a ragtag alliance of uneasy
bedfellows who demonstrate a frightening solidarity only
pressure upon them. Once
the latest outrage of the court has become old news, the

| ]
aS 1b SOTTLE pre

various members of the OPF are at each others' throats
again. It has been remarked that the OPF is more a loose-
knit tribal organization than anything else, and there is
much truth to that. Each band under the OPF's banner
tends to stick to its own turf, associate only with its own,
and shun or even attack other members of the OPF who
don't respect their little fiefdoms.

One of the more powerful of the groups in the OPF is
the Happy Jacks, a loose affiliation of eshu and satyrs who
control the Inner Harbor. Among their competitors for

| pare the redcaps of the port area who call

power in the g
I | Kleggers, the Greylady Sluagh of Alameda,
and the Spyz (trolls, eshu, and nockers) of West Oakland.
If left to themselves, these
one each other in a whirlwind of mutual destruction, but

factions would surely turn on

fortunately there is a solitary presence capable of uniting,
even temporarily, the squabbling bands into a potent
political force. Sir Blade, an Unseelie eshu of uncommon
charisma, holds Oakland for the Shadow Court by dint of
his iron control of the OPF. While Count Elias putatively
holds Oakhold, it is as much by Blade's sufferance as
anything else that Elias' reign continues.
Lately, Blade has begun importing | ities
of cold iron weapons into Oakhold at the Shadow Court's
behest. Count Elias is as of yet unaware of the weapons'
existence, but word of the operation is certain to reach him
soon. When it does, only a fool would believe that there
won't be opportunity for those weapons to be used.

Blade

Always a vocal and dedicated leader, Barry Shaw
slipped quickly and easily into the role of leader of the
frican-American student group at Occidental College.

f izati ith xc [flair for

{ I
public speaking, Barry won several battles against the

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

Society of Telemachus-dominated administration of the
y ] . lid . Q.

ey -

\frican-/ ourses
particularly on the oral and musical traditions of West
Africa. As there were several eshu on the faculty whose
hiring directly resulted from Barry's tireless work, they
made certain to have the wilder knighted as a reward for
his imagination and perseverance.
However, his agenda for char
of the more radical members of his group, and too fast for
certain members of the administration and faculty. When
some of the former broke into the university president's
office, the latter took the opportunity to set Barry up fora
fall. All of the official evidence pointed to Barry, and he
was permitted to "resign" his place in Occidental's Class of
1992 before being actually thrown out. To this day he
e } s. DF | 33, By | 45 1; £

Fy 2

1 £
LOW Tor some

>

about §
all he'd worked for. At first living out of his parents' home
in Rockridge, he immediately set about rebuilding on the
streets of Oakland what he'd lost on the walkways of
Occidental. However, after a few short months the streets,
along with his parents' constant harping on his "failure" at
school, started tempering his idealism. Initially getting
into low-level pot dealing to finance some of his neighbor-
hood initiatives, he got more and more involved with the
trade, and, as his parents' influence over him waned, his
over the city grew. From pot he expanded into other
chemicals, and as he did so he had to keep his couriers,
bagmen, and other operatives in line. The only way to do

SINVn

this, of course, was discipline anyone who got out of line.
aris Sih

It was th ble from "discipline" to brutality to
the sort of amoral manipulation which Blade practices
today. Equally capable of giving ten thousand dollars to a
dilapidated church in a bad neighborhood or brutally
raping that church's choirmistress, Blade's suburban mo-
rality has been wiped clean by the ethos of the street. At
this point he may well be the Kingdom of Pacifica's most
powerful commoner.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Rogue/Courtier

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Eshu

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Empathy 2, Expression 3,
Kenning 2, Streetwise

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 1, Performance 3,
Stealth 1

T. 14 Ty

a> Wa Va aa

g g 2, Occult 2, Science 2
Arts: Chicanery 3, Soothsay 2, Sovereign 3, Wayfare 2

a


j

= POSS EEE SEES

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Prop 2, Nature 1, Scene |
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 3, Dreamers 3,
Gremayre 1, Resources 3, Title 1, Treasures 2
Glamour: 6
Banality: 6
Willpower: 8

Treasures: A scimitar witha gold-chased hilt, visible
in the "real" world as an ordinary fencing cutlass. When
imbued with a point of Glamour, the sword is capable of
dancing in midair by itself, and of fencing most capably as
well. (Consider it to have Dexterity 3, Melee 4, and Dodge
3.) Occasionally, Blade will fight with the scimitar in his
hand instead of letting it fly free.

Image: In mortal form, Blade has a wiry athleticism

da piercing gaze that very few can look away from. With

along, thin face and high cheekbones, Blade has a smile
that's raptor-esque when it's not intended to charm, and

absolutely stunning when it is. Beardless but sporting a
long black mohawk, Blade tends towards loose but expen-
sive clothing that afford the same freedom of movement
that a fencer's garb does. Under Glamour, these clothes
can be see to be richly embroidered with patterns that a
scholar would identify as dating back to the historical
Ghanan culture. Blade does tend to tote an old fencing
cutlass (his Treasure) around with him. It is a very visible
symbol of his authority and skill as well as a weapon of
potence. Blade also carries some extremely heavy-duty

throwing knives; at least four can be seen on his person at
all times.

Roleplaying Hints: While the Shadow Court may
give you the occasional bit of direction, you're involved
with them simply because their goals mesh with yours.
Besides, they know enough not to tell you what to do,
merely what they want some point. Oakhold
is yours, and you're going to build something on its streets
that was too fragile for the ivory towers of academia. If it
has to be born in hot blood and cold iron, so be it. The
Shadow Court understands what you want and will give
you the slack to create it (orso you think), and you're using
them, not the other way around.

You have s ge fondness for Count Elias and
give him high marks for trying, but Aeon, Aeron and the
rest of that lot have got to go. Satyrs are far from your
favorite kith, and you'll probably find an excuse to leave a
room that one's in. Unless, of course, you find a way to
make the satyr leave the room, preferably feet first.

The Noty ‘Temple of
ight and Sound, a.k.a.
che Achanaeum

Originally founded as a conciliatory gesture by a lady
knight of House Fiona, the Holy Temple has become a
haunt of the commoners who prefer flash and dash with
their worship. Located in the heart of the Haight, it
masquerades as a simple rehearsal space. Only under
Glamour does the Temple's true splendor come out. Every
song ever sung or played here lurks chimerically behind
the pillars of the room, and these musical beasts can be
coaxed into song with a minimum of effort.

The congregation is skewed towards a nocker/satyr/
eshu demographic, and few sidhe come here any more. By
unspoken agreement there are no harsh words or blows
inside the Temple's walls, though the street outside has
certainly seen its share of scuffles. Hector, the satyr who
runs the nightclub Chainges, often leads lay rituals here.

CCTOR

A veteran of the Haight's glory days, Hector partied
with the Airplane and the Dead, the Tubes and the
Residents, and anyone else he ran into. A canny business-
man with a green thumb for certain types of mushrooms,
over the course of three decades Hector turned a window
box full of fungus into Chainges, one of the city's more
popular spots for breaking new bands. So far out of the
closet he's halfway out the front door, Hector is unabash-


edly and expansively gay. Chainges is always one of the

sponsors of the myriad bay area Gay Pride events, but

otherwise Hector is apolitical, content to play the aging
decadent to the hilt. Indeed, he sometimes seems to take
a perverse pleasure in playing the "leather daddy" stereo-
type to the point of self-parody. Always on the lookout for
new talent, he can often be spotted lurking at the back of
another club, sifting through hours of mediocre college
bands in hopes of finding someone worthy of gracing
Chainges' stage.

Hector has actually been involved long-term with
Sam the Clam, the redcap who tends bar at Chainges.
Despite all of Hector's highly public flirtations, the two
have been together for well overad |
of slowing down now.

nosign

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Wayfarer/Grotesque

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Satyr

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Expression 2, Kenning 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge |
Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 1, Firearms 2, Leadership 1,
Performance 2, Security 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 3, Law 1,
Mythlore 2

Arts: Chicanery 1, Legerdemain 2, Primal 3, Sover-
eign 1, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 5, Fae 3, Nature 1, Prop 3, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Dreamers 5, Gremayre 1,
Holdings 1, Resources 4, Retinue 2, Treasures 1
Glamour: 7

Banality: 7

Willpower: 7

Image: Bearded and graying, Hector always wears
black pants, a tasteful black leather collar, and a black
biker jacket. Underneath one is likely to find anything
from Hector's extremely hairy pelt to a buttoned-down
Oxford with red power tie. It all depends on whom Hector
was talking to that morning — but he's equally likely to
wear the tie for a new band or go barechested for a record
company AR executive.

In a curious genetic quirk, one of Hector's eyes is
green 1 ES | \ OR } i blue y Se | eh | tt oA.
that his mother was a Siberian husky, but the difference is
even more pronounced in his satyr mien. In that form,
Hector's feet coalesce into hooves, explaining his legend-
ary preference for going barefoot.

Roleplaying Hints: Life's a party, and it's your re-
sponsibility to make certain that everyone has as good a
time at itas you do. Let love rule! Let music pour forth from
the speakers, yea verily, and let the people groove to it.
You'll serve booze without checking ID and sell ‘shrooms
to nuns if they ask for them, simply because who are you to
do less than you can to help others have a good time?

On the other hand, remember that there is a bottom
line, and that it had better be in black ink, not red. Be
expansively friendly, sprinkling your conversation with
words like "atrocious," "tacky" and "jejune." Take the
traditional stereotype of the leather-clad gay and play it as
over-the-top parody, while making it very clear that you
know it's a parody even as you play it. You are quite aware
of his image, and love having fun with it. Furthermore,
anyone who dismisses you as a Quentin-Crisp wannabe is
also likely to underestimate you in political and business
matters. That's just the way you like it.

You've got aspecial "fondness" for Larana, by the way,
and it ain't pleasant. The slut's responsible for wrecking
more good groups than Paul Carrack and VH-1 combined.

aranda

A refugee from the fast-paced music scene of
Poughkeepsie, New York, Laura Nilan headed west with
dreams of hitting it big as a vocalist for a band. With her
parents' grudging blessi promise to return if things
didn't work out in a year, she packed up her '87 Sundance
with s loth dher llection, and floored
it west on 1-84. A few weeks and several wrong turns later,


she found herself in San Francisco, trying desperately to
hook up with a band while waiting tables. After a half-
dozen auditions, though, the painful truth made itself
known: Laura (or Larana, as she was now calling herself)
couldn't sing a note. Recasting her dream of staying in the
music business, though, she decided that she was going to
go into the talent end of the industry. Again, her dreams
were a bit beyond her capabilities and her role on the San
Francisco music scene eventually settled into that of
media personality/uber-groupie. Along the grapevine of
SF's unsigned bands, Larana is referred to as "The Kiss of
Death," both for her reputed talents in the bedroom and
for the fact that any band in which she takes an interest
soon loses its bite. This, of course, is due to her unfortunate
talent for Ravaging her protégés, and she's earned Hector's
undying enmity for ruining so many good bands.
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Scrooge/Orchid
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Eshu
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Expression 4, Kenning 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 1,
Performance
Knowledges: Computer 3, Linguistics 3, Politics 2
Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 3, Soothsay 1
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Dreamers 5, Gremayre 1,
Resources 4, Retinue 1, Treasures 1
Glamour: 5
Banality: 5
Willpower: 7
Image: Long, thin, and slinky, Larana may well have
singlehandedly resurrected the sleeveless crushed velvet
dress. Exquisitely pale, with sharp features and long finger-
nails, Larana is the latest thing in post-goth pallor. She's
never seen without her sunglasses, even in the middle of
the dingiest clubs San Francisco has to offer. Under
Glamour, Larana acquires a whole new grace, even as her
jewelry snakes around her in fantastical patterns.
Roleplaying Hints: One way oranother, you're going
to feel the lightning of being onstage in front of ten
thousand screaming fans. If you can't get it by being there
yourself, you'll take it from someone who's been there. It's
not the music so much as the rush the music gives that
drives you, and that rush is getting harder and harder to

come by. You are more selfish than malicious. As for
politics, well, they're someone else's problem, In conver-
sation, name-drop frequently ("why, the last time | heard
that joke Mick was telling it to Fee and Freddie") and if
anyone doesn't get your references, they don't deserve to
breathe your oxygen. Act friendly ina condescending way,
and offer small f freely I
later.

The Cdge of the Ladrys

A feminist motley witha decidedly hard-edged philo-
4

sophical bent, the Edge of the Labrys is loosely centered on
Palo Alto, the home of Stanford University. Actually run
by anymph } j. Ile 3 : 4 ] j ot, atl £
the Peninsula, the Ed

You'll demand larg k

hl]

I
ig y Supports Queen Aeron
and Duchess Aiobhell more out of gender solidarity than
real agreement with their policies. In fact, the members of
the Labrys sincerely wish fora return to the activist days of
Aeron's Reaving, and woe betide Hamal should he find
himself in Palo Alto after dark.

Vala

A junior at Stanford, Valerie McKinnon is quietly
one of the brightest stars of the school's economics pro-
gram. Also quietly, she helps run the Lesbian/Bisexual/

«ani ichallows|

aposition
Pp

I p
to devote certain of her energies to the Edge of the Labrys
as well. Vala's own orientation is uncertain, as no one has
ever seen her involved with a woman or a man. An


extraordinarily private person, she is a model of creative
efficiency.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Hermit/Riddler
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sluagh
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 2, Kenning 3, Subterfuge 2, Streetwise 2
Skills: Crafts 3, Security 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 4, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 4, Politics 1
Arts: Legerdemain 3, Primal 3, Soothsay 3, Sovereign 1
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Nature 3, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Dreamers 1, Gremayre 2,
Mentor 2, Resources 1, Treasures 4 (a sphere of ever-
shifting colors that can detect the mood of any one
person to whom Vala is speaking, and which glows
bright red when they are lying)
Glamour: 8
Banality: 4
Willpower: 9

Image: Tall y ‘
a wardrobe straight out of a Laura Ashley catalog. Always
proper, she carries a briefcase and wears thick-framed
black glasses. Impeccably organized, she has been dubbed
the "Font of Pencils" by all who know her, as she always
seems to have three or four extras in her briefcase. When
seen as asluagh, Vala's hair seems to shadow all of her face

j ly. Valahas| blonde hairand

except her eyes, and her awkwardness melts into an oddly
insectlike dexterity.

Roleplaying Hints: Listen until whoever you're with
has run themselves down, then turn loose your sarcasm. A
maximum of two sentences should be enough to get your
point across. You are well aware of the value of informa-
tion, far more so, you suspect, than most of the people with
whom you are dealing. This is of course an advantage you
will use to the fullest for the sake of the Labrys, as well as
your own personal goals. Fortunately, the two tend to

coincide.

The Sociecy of T elemachus

One of two satyr-d d societies in Pacifica (the
other being the Brotherhood of the Barrel), the Society of
] Linea 4 } ] ] life J.
cultural [e)

of Berkeley. Named for Odysseus of Ithaca's son, the

Society is a combination debating society and liberal
thinktank. Indeed, the Society has a rough détente with
the Edge of the Labrys, working with the women of that
group to further certain women's issues in both town and
gown politics. However, as the Society is satyr-run, there
are inevitable limits to the cooperation between the two
groups. The Society is very much woven into the fabric of
UC-Berkeley, and is very much a product of its place and
time. Orbital chapters of the Society of Telemachus have
sprung up at UC-Santa Cruz and UC-Santa Clara, but the
group's power is concentrated in Berkeley. While satyrs do
make up the largest fraction of the Society's membership,
all Kithain are welcome within the halls of debate. How-
ever, the group is primarily Caucasian in its makeup, and

this does lead to certain blind spots in the Society's

worldview (see Blade, above).

NERIUS
A veteran of the academic wars of the East Coast,
Honerius (a.k.a. Henri Remillard) bounced from school to
school in non-tenure track positions for years. It wasn't
until nine years after he received his PhD that he landed
in UC-Berkeley's Philosophy Department, which he dis-
covered to his delight was chock-full of satyrs and other
Kithain. Unlike most graduate programs, which tended to
smother their students in devastating Banality, Berkeley's
| blos s individuals! It was

actually 2
thirty years ago that Honerius came to this conclusion,
and the Society of Telemachus is his work, dedicated to
preserving the spark of creative individuality in every


—

NO

student, no matter how Banal they might seem at first. His
comrades have passed on or succumbed to Banality, but
Honeri i spry and arg i With
a tongue like a sword and a wit like a scythe, he is the
trendsetter in Berkeley's ivy-covered halls. His voice is
respected in town matters as well, and not just for reasons
of sheer volume.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Sage/Fool

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Satyr

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Empathy
1, Expression 5, Kenning 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Leadership 3, Performance 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Investigation 1, Law 3,
Linguistics 4, Mythlore 3, Occult 3, Politics 3

Arts: Legerdemain 3, Primal 2, Soothsay 3, Sovereign 3
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 4, Nature 1, Prop 1, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Dreamers 3, Gremayre 2,
Resources 3, Retinue 3, Treasures 2

Glamour: 5

Banality: 8

Willpower: 7

Image: A man of medium height with curly white
hair and a thick beard, Honerius dresses in prototypical
wacky professor garb: jams, t-shirts, and sandals. Thick

lass plete the ensemble, and Honeri ften be
seen running his sausage-like fingers through his hair or
beard while mumbling ilosophical points to hi
self. Under Glamour, Honerius' true shame becomes
| ping mange. Hi to curve
back and in to draw attention to the problem, and any
mention of it drives Honerius insane with anger and

Of course, h ly ash y I

meets "Is it (his bald patch) getting bigger?" and pity the
fool who answers "Yes."

Roleplaying Hints: Question everything. Ifsomeone
says, "The sky is blue," your response should be A) "Do you
really think so?" B) "So that's what you call blue," or C)"Is

the discussi t hand?" However,
your purpose is to spark debate and cause people to
question all of their assumptions, not to simply annoy.
Take Socrates' notion of the societal gadfly and make it
your own. After all, he probably stole it from one of your
ancestors.

‘The Brotherhood of the

Barrel

Governed by Sir Erhardt, a knighted satyr, the Broth-
ethood infests the Arcadia Winery and its associated
vineyards. Satyrs from all over the world flock to Arcadia
Winery's gates for the chance to work there, and the

ineyard i ially run asan holding independent from
the rest of the duchy.

Sir Erhardc

Born in Germany but transplanted to the US at an
early age, Erhardt was bitten by the wine bug early. His
parents gave him careful instruction as to how to pick,
pour and drink a wine, and this paid great dividends with
the ladies in college. However, he saw no way into the
wine industry, and had resigned himself to a lifetime as a

izi ings of the Society of Telemachus

that really pertinent

librarian

in the student meeting rooms.
Lighting struck during one of his wine tours of the

Valley. Turning into an obscure vineyard called Arcadia,

he found the place in utter disarray. Disgusted by the

waste, he stormed i he di > give th

a piece of his mind. The director, a French satyr named

orice


Sus

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

Jean Losique who knew absolutely nothing about wine,
agreed when Erhardt announced that he could do a better
job running the place, and offered Erhardt both the job
and the honorary knighthood that came along with it. It
took Erhardt under a minute to say yes, and he's still
wondering why it took him that long.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin/Beast

House: Brotherhood of the Barrel

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Satyr

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 5, Empathy 4,
Expression 3, Kenning 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Leadership 3, Melee 3 (specializing in
the use of the broken-off wine bottle), Security 1,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 1, Law 2,
Mythlore 4, Occult 2, Research 5, Science 4
Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 3, Soothsay 2,
Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 4, Nature 1, Prop 1, Scene 2

(3

—

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 2, Dreamers 3,
Gremayre 2, Holdings 3, Resources 4, Retinue 3 (the
Brotherhood, who don't go in much for being called a
retinue), Title 2

—

Glamour: 7

Banality: 5
Willpower: 6

Image: Blessed with the most spectacular drooping
mustachios in all the Kingdom of Pacifica, Sir Erhardt
looks like he'd be better suited ing he Alps
in lederhosen than running a highly profitable winery. His
Leaxhide baht

PP

thick glasses, but just because his vision's
wonky doesn't mean that his gaze isn't sharp. When
dealing with mortal matters, he can most often be found in
a simple white shirt and jeans, simply because he expects
that at any given moment he's likely to be hauled out into
the muck of the dstod
other. As incongruous as it seems, Sir Erhardt keeps the

| with some emergency or

mustache when in fae mien. It droops out from under his
long nose, which itself peeks out from his wine-red enam-
] 1 J

eledhelm. SirErhardt isac

y ;
and always wears work clothes for the same reason: he
constantly expects the worst. His mail is made from bands
of some great beast's hide, tanned into leather and colored
with the vineyard's best. Only the helm is enameled, and

8


that, it is snidely noted, is because Sir Erhardt manages to
take one on the chin in practically every Tourney or Hunt
he attends. (Still, this tends to attract much sympathy
from gentle-minded Kithain ladies; Sir Erhardt is a lover,
nota fighter, and he's not any bad
seems.

combat as he

Roleplaying Hints: You are a nice guy with way too
many responsibilities. You're being nibbled to death by
ducks. You're a satyr, after all, and the business end of
running the Winery depresses you horribly. Thank good-
ness you have JZ to help you out. The others, though you
love them dearly, are absolutely no use at all, except, of
course, when it's time to drink the profits. It's much like
being a kindergarten teacher, you suppose, but someone's
got to do it and it might as well be you. Now if only you got
paid like a member of the teachers' union...

One of your deep dark secrets is that you're actually
quite literate, and prefer reading to doing just about
anything else. You also have a well-hidden, very dry sense
of humor which manifests itself precisely when others
don't expect it. You hate violence, and will go to almost
any length to avoid it. That end of things you abdicate

almost entirely to your head of security. You're a people
satyr, not a details satyr, and eventually, you're quite
certain, everything will come out all right...more or less.



This serene madness, this deceptive rashness
Wonder wonder, tundra tundra
Gritty splendor, sink into the sand

And now I'm lost.

— Toyah, "Prospect"

The following three short stories are designed as

companion pieces to The Toybox. They weave around
and through the stories told in the first book of the
Immortal Eyes trilogy, allowing the players to become

part of the legendary doings of Leigh and her companions
without merely dogging their footsteps or mimicking their
actions. Alternatively, the Storyteller may allow the play-
ers to actually play the heroes of the Immortal Eyes
trilogy. You can still use these stories in this case, though
they would certainly need some modification. For the sake
of clarity, these stories assume that the players will be
playing their own characters. It is also assumed that the
troupe has gone through the introductory story in the
Changeling rulebook, "Toys Will Be Toys." The events of
that story are tightly connected to each of these.

The three stories work best if played in sequence. The
first, "When Johnny Comes Marching Home," is essen-
tially an introductory adventure, with little peril to the
characters. It touches the surface of the deeper events
shaping San Francisco at the time, but offers little insight
into either the actors or their motivations. The second,
"The Rambling Rover," delves deeper into the mysteries

of Duke Aeon's Court, and also shows off more of Queen
Aeron's realm by taking the characters out of San Fran-
cisco. It is somewhat darker in tone, and offers greater
potential for the characters to suffer injury or worse.
Finally, the seq swith "If It Offends Thee...", in
which the characters come face to face with two of the
greatest perils the Kithain of Pacifica face. As always, feel
free to modify any and all elements herein: whatever you
feel necessary to provide a more dramatic game.

I. Chen Johnny
Comes CDarching
me

I'll assume puberty takes care of this problem.

— Berkeley Breathed, Bloom County
"When Johnny Comes Marching Home" is a short

| how the actions of Leigh, Mor-

ent ql
adventure


gan, Valmont, and their companions affect the other
Kithain of San Francisco. Much as The Hobbit serves as a
light-hearted introduction to the epic Lord of the Rings,
"When Johnny Comes Marching Home" is the first step
onthe characters' slippery path to involvement in the epic
events of Immortal Eyes. It is intended for new characters
and new players, allowing both to become comfortable
with the world of Changeling while still hinting at the
power of the challenges that lie ahead. The story works
better if the characters are predominantly Seelie, but
Unseelie characters can take part as well. They may simply
find it difficult explaining precisely "why" they're chasing
all over San Francisco trying to catch a toy soldier. It
doesn't quite jibe with the image.

The Storyteller must make certain that the soldier is
not caught until the very end of the story. Feel free to make
up all sorts of wild and improbable escapes from even the
cleverest traps the players devise. Both the Roadrunner
and the Energizer Bunny should serve as inspiration here.
Afterall, ifaredcap simply eats the toy soldier ten minutes
into the first session, thi I

f abruptly grind toahalt.

As for the soldier itself, "Johnny" is generally human
sized, but can alter his stature in an instant. This enables
him to run between people's legs or up drainspouts by
shrinking down to the height of a real toy soldier. It also,
if the players get a little too close to catching him at first,
enables him to suddenly grow to 14 feet tall, quickly punt
an offending character out of the way, and take some
rather large steps in the direction of escape. As always, use
discretion.

Theme and CDood
"When Johnny Comes Marching Home" is specifi-
cally intended to be lighthearted and humorous. It shows
the whimsical side of being Kithain, and the characters are
PE a } h Fa } I ] y Th { : j
glorious matters of duty, honor, and geasa only slightly

Fi ‘ a j 1
impinge upon f
ge up F

king. It is only towards the
end, as the competition for the soldier grows more intense
— and perhaps dangerous — that you should allow the
unpleasant side of things to surface even slightly.

Don't be afraid to make Storyteller characters look
ridiculous in their pursuit, even if the players themselves
ever grow frustrated. Watching someone else take a spec-
tacular pratfall can sometimes wonderful way to feel good
about one's self. After all, the irony of "Johnny" is that a
mindless chimera manages to outwit both the players and
their rivals for the entire duration of the story.

Act One: Lorwiard,
CDarch!

Scene One: Jus a Lew Blocks
Auwiau...

Th } . eS ies | J ne } }

the streets a few short blocks from the Toybox Cafe. It's a
beautiful, sunny fall day, and the streets are filled with
ae hild

2 P
shoppers and street pe f vary-

ing levels of competence. There is magic in the air today,
amagic even those with no Kithain blood
characters should be in a good mood. As a matter of fact,
they should probably be in a good enough mood to con-
template buying a balloon or two from the vendor who's
just wandered into the intersection where they're stand-
ing. The vendor is obviously a satyr, and this should be
enough to pique at least one person's curiosity. If not,
Littlejohn might acquire a hankering for one of the
characters' company, and will thus impose his presence
upon the motley.

One way or another, LittleJohn will bring up the
wacky events at the Toybox (from "Toys Will Be Toys").
While his version isn't quite accurate, it does cover most
of the bases (Malacar's arrival and subsequent anti-social
activities, the opening of Emperor Norton's toy chest, the
scramble into the streets afterwards, and people chasing
after the chimera. If the players don't want his company,
he will hint that he knows something about these events
that the characters don't. Play the "I know something you
don't know" card for all it's worth. Littlejohn was not
actually at the Toybox when the chest was opened, but

l,and the

heard from someone who was there. In any case, the
] 1 Ldt lL } ] z

i allabou i
and they should also be subjected to various wild surmises
as to what it all means.

Just as the conversation finishes, a chimeric toy
soldier will scramble past. LittleJohn will make a grab for
it, losing his balloons in the process. If the players chase
after the soldier, all to the good. But they won't catch it —
at least, not yet. If they ask LittleJohn what's so important
about catching this particular chimera, he vanishes into
the crowd.

LiccteJohn

Once upon a time, there was a satyr named Robyn
who was an absolute firebrand of an orator. He was among
the fiercest of the rabblerousers speaking out against the

New ANAN


return to the sidhe's old ways of governance, claiming the
age of lords and ladies was long past. He was even among
those who planned the initial, bloody uprising that be-
came the Accordance War. As revolution turned to
treachery, then to bloody war, Robyn was expected to take
as prominent a role in leading the commoner forces to
glorious victory over the returning oppressors. Unfortu-
nately, he was a coward.

dd his

He cracked and ran. Hi

r
subordinates were slaughtered, and he ran. In self-mock-
ery, he changed his name to LittleJohn and bounced from
{, 1 al v3 Lat ] Ms |

an inkling as to his identity. The years took their toll, and
he landed, weathered and cynical, on the streets of
Goldengate. Now he makes his way as a small-time hus-
tler, living in the shadow of the court so that daily he can
torment himself with his failure. Robyn the revolutionary
is dead. Long live LittleJohn the street hustler.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Rogue/Crafter

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Satyr

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Empathy 1, Expression 2,
Kenning 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Stealth 1, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Mythlore 3

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 1, Primal 2, Wayfare 3
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 3, Nature 2, Prop 3, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 4, Dreamers 2,
Gremayre 1, Resources 1, Treasures 2

Glamour: 9

Banality: 6

Willpower: 5

Treasures: LittleJohn possesses several chimerical
balloons which, in fact, allow him to float up into the air.
He usually carries these chimerical balloons along with
several real balloons.

Image: LittleJohn looks exactly like the sort of old
man your mother warned you about. Then again, in this
case Mom would have been right. Bearded and manic,
LittleJohn always wears a yellow trench coat and floppy
black fedora. He doesn't ever deviate from this uniform,
even in the heat of summer, and has won some local
notoriety as "Columbo the Balloon Man." In satyr form,
his ears become pointed and poke up through the fedora,
and small horns sprout from his forehead. LittleJohn also

becomes extraordinarily hairy when seen in his faerie
mien, to the point where the stuff curls out of his ears,
nostrils, and coat sleeves. No matter what the situati 7
weather, he has a bunch of balloons in his hand, which he
sells for ridiculously low prices.

Roleplaying Hints: While it's not recommended
that you say "Want a balloon, little girl?", it wouldn't be
entirely out of character. Alternate between being effu-

ively friendl d inglyi i Youare secretly

ef € c=
starved for affection, but your nature won't allow you to
take it when offered. Mumble, rasp, and spit frequently. If
the players seem too eager for your information, draw out
the process as long as possible and hold them up for all
they're worth. If they seem disinterested, spill it in their
aps.

Once the soldier appears, though, let greed take over.
That's your chimera to retrieve, and heaven help anyone
who gets in your way. Lie, cheat and steal to get what's
yours. You've got a lot of favors out on the street. It's time
to start using them.

Scene Twio: Ooumhill All che

ay

The players have a choice of chasing after Littlejohn
or trying to catch the soldier. Should they choose the
former, they will rapidly lose him in the crowd but again
see that darn chimera strutting across their path, almost
daring them to follow. Hopefully, the players will take the
bait and the chase will begin. The soldier will zigzag
downhill towards the Western Addition, at one point
running between the legs of a huge, leather-jacketed
redcap. If the players are hot on the soldier's tail, acollision

Chapter Six: Scenes 103


might well be in order, particularly if the redcap tries to
hi t

catch i his legs. Inany case,
at this point LittleJohn will appear, pelting pell-mell after
the soldier and shouting "Catch it!" to the redeap. As this
particular specimen of redcaphood is not terribly bright,
he will immediately start chasing the players in the same
direction the soldier and satyr have gone in. If they're
smart, the players will just keep running.

The focus of this scene should be the players avoiding
both Ralph and the policemen alerted by the sight of a
punk chasing a bunch of kids down the street. As both the
soldier and LittleJohn have again dropped out of sight,
escape should be the players' sole priority. If they insist on
standing up to Ralph, let him pound lightly on them for a
few rounds until the police get too close, then have him
run away. At that point, all the players have to do is avoid
the police (and their attendant Banality).

Ralph

Asachild, Ralph's immigrant father told him stories
from the old country of how trolls steal children away and
ll-children, especially if the children
‘ : i Ralph's
father was drunk, he'd take out his frustrations on the boy,
screaming at him that he was in fact a troll-child and not
his flesh and blood at all. A sweet and innocent child,
Ralph bought every word of it, and it was no surprise to him

]

replace them witht
had been bad. Ont]

ic, 1

when he underwent his Cl redcap.
Since he was a redcap, Ralph reasoned, he was in fact

not his father's child. It would therefore be best for him to

leave the house, since he didn't truly belong there. By the

time anyone explained to Ralph the way being a change-

ling actually works, it was far too late. He's run the streets

as muscle for years now, and can't ever imagine going back.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Savage/Bumpkin

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Redcap

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 1, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Security 2

g igation 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 1

Arts: Chicanery 1, Primal 3, Wayfare 1

} > ae | T

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 1, Nature 2, Prop 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Dreamers 1, Gremayre 1,
Resources |

Glamour: 7

Banality: 7
Willpower: 4

Image: Ralph is large and impressive, in the same way
as a rhinoceros or elephant. He's absolutely huge and
wears nothing but studded leather and torn jeans. Ralph's
smile is far too wide, and there's a persistent rumor that he
refers to nockers as "the other white meat." Ralph's head
is shaved, though he has a black mustache and goatee.
When seen as a redcap, Ralph's head flattens out and his
hide turns lumpish and scaly.

Roleplaying Hints: Big and stupid, you will do what
LittleJohn tells you to do, well, because he told you to do
it. To call you a follower is an understatement; ants and
termites have more initiative. You're not really bad at
heart, just running with a bad crowd. If the players ever
take the time to talk to you, you'll probably like them a
whole lot. For the moment, though, you want to get that
soldier and they're in the way. Too bad for them.

Scene Three: Up che Oouwn
Orainpipe

After escaping the attentions of Ralph, the police,
and anyone else they might have antagonized in their
madcap dash through the city, the players round a corner
and see the soldier charge straight into a drainpipe on the
side of a three-story house, with LittleJohn in hot pursuit.
Asa matter of fact, LittleJohn is so intent on the chimera
that he never notices the wall to which the drainpipe is
attached. The result of this inattentiveness is a sickening
thud and one very dazed satyr.

> Wo Yow aa YO

Ss


From inside the drainpipe, the rattling sounds indi-
cate that the toy soldier is somehow continuing onward
and upward. However, the characters' first priority should
be the thoroughly woozy satyr now muttering to himself at
the foot of the drainpipe. If the players seem intent on
ignoring him, have him appear to be injured (and then
play it for all the sympathy it's worth).

If questioned about the soldier, LittleJohn will even-
tually break down and admit he heard that there was likely
to be a reward for bringing any of the chimera back. If
further questioned, he'll admit that he heard they could be
dangerous.

At this point, the toy soldier will rattle out of the top
of the drainpipe and start scurrying along the gutter.
When the characters are distracted, LittleJohn will pull a
bunch of balloons from somewhere and float to the rooftop
inan attempt to catch the soldier. There will be a series of
small popping noises as the soldier fires his gun, followed
by aseries of loud ones as each of the balloon bursts in turn.
LittleJohn falls, and the chimera continues onward. The
satyr is not hurt badly, and immediately gets up to chase
after the soldiers. Ralph chooses this moment to show up,
quite upset, and the chase is renewed.

Acc Two: Liane and

Tigers and Chickens,

Oh CDu!

Scene One: Towards the Done
Pursued by Ralph, the players move through the
Lower Haight, occasionally catching glimpses of the sol-
dier but not Littlejohn. They should nearly catch the
soldier at least once, only to lose it as it scurries across a
street full of traffic (or something similar — let circum-
stance dictate the nature of the hair's-breadth escape).
The soldier marches under cars, oversleepingstreet people,
through piles of garbage, up walls, and other places where
physics never intended a toy soldier to go. Finally, the
soldier will march across a sewer grate and, agonizingly,

drop down into it. The sound of its fo into
the blackness at the sewer's bottom should fade away,
giving the impression that for the moment, things are
hopeless. It is at this point that Sorry Martin will appear,
fullof good cl | {ly showing off the chickenhawk

Bb

1a'p
chimera on his shoulder.
What has really happened is that LittleJohn, after
being embarrassed, trampled, concussed, shot at and re-
introduced to the effects of Earth's gravity, has decided to

awhile. Hence, he has
called in another of his dupes, Sorry Martin, to find the
soldier either by himself or by working with the characters.
Martin also has explicit orders to bring the soldier back to
LittleJohn, no matter what the cost.

As soon as Sorry Martin makes his presence known,
he willi liately i luce himself, hathe's
here to help, and outline a grandiose plan as to how they
can all capture the runaway toy. He will introduce the
chickenhawk as "Killer" and then offer to let the charac-
ters pet him. If they attempt to do so, the bird will growl at
them (hey, it's chimerical) and attempt to bite.

Sorry CDarcin

A product of an insulated life, Martin stayed inside to
read during recess instead of playing ball with the other
children. While this has helped develop his intellect, it's
stunted his physical and social growth something fierce.
His parents moved from the East Coast in hopes of finding
an intellectually stimulating and yet ecologically sound
lifestyle, and they encouraged their son Martin to read
whenever and whatever he wanted. At an early age he
stumbled onto Yeats and became enthralled with the
poet's notion of the Celtic Twilight (much to his parents'
chagrin, as they were hoping he'd find something in a
Ghanan motif to pique his interest). Still, he was con-
vinced he'd never find dim Faerie, only read about it.

A chance meeting with one of Ragger's band on an
otherwise deserted schoolyard convinced Martin other-
wise. It initiated his Chrysalis, and also convinced him
that he needed help in this decidedly non-Yeatsean fairy-
land. This was the genesis of Killer, who's loyal, honest,
sarcastic, and always ready to come to his friend's defense.
Inshort, he's ything Idbe, and
it is some ways tragic that sucha friend had to be invented
for Martin instead of being found. Martin's fae name
comes from his habit of apolog:
and it's quite the joke among Ragger's Band. Of course,
Martin still runs with them when he can, trying desper-
ately to fit in.

nerd's best fri

everything Ne Goes,

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Wayfarer/Grotesque

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Eshu

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 2,
Streetwise |

Skills: Firearms 1, Security 4, Stealth 1

Chapcer Six: Scenes


Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3,
Mythlore 2, Science 3
Arts: Chicanery 1, Soothsay 3, Wayfare 1
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 3, Prop 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 3, Dreamers 2,
Gremayre 1, Resources 2
Glamour: 8
Banality: 5
Willpower: 4
Image: A young African-American man with thick

glasses and a late-70's wardrobe, Sorry Martin displays the
telltale signs of the computer geek. Martin slouches,
making him seem much shorter than his 5' 9". His hands
are constantly in motion, as if he were typing along with
what he was saying. On his shoulder sits Killer, a chimeri-

Latest) 1 1 Cm | 5 1 hb]

I

Roleplaying Hints: You're 100% into getting this
soldier back for LittleJohn, though you think he was being
ridiculous when he told you to take out anyone who got in
your way. Still, it's a big honor, being trusted to get
something this important back, and you won't botch it. A
little bit callow, you tend to shoot your mouth off and then
have Killer get you out of trouble.

Killer the Chickenhawk:

A combat machine, Killer is about a foot tall and
looks like a cross between, well, a hawk and a chicken.
However, Killer has been anthropomorphized like a car-
toon animal, and can often be seen puffing away on a

ig {1 making di faces at some of the things
Martin says. His wings end in fists, and he will offer to box

106 Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

with opponents fair'n'square before taking them down
with his variety of dirty tricks.

Killer is utterly devoted to Sorry Martin, and will
actively seek to kill anyone who harms his friend. Martin,
to his credit, does not actively take advantage of this fact
overmuch. Indeed, it might be stretching it to think that
Martin has even noticed th pondence b the
number of times when he's gotten in trouble and the
number of times Killer's bailed him out.

Killer's statistics are as follows:
+}

h3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,

Manipulation 1, Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Intimidation 4, Dodge 4,
Melee 4, Stealth 3

Killer will prove his mettle by promptly dealing with
Ralph, who chooses precisely the wrong time in the
conversation to arrive. Killer will merely drive Ralph off,
and the combat should actually be played for laughs. After
this show of good faith, Martin's plan should be a bit more
palatable to the players.

The plan in question involves tracking the chimera's
Leh 1, +} } 1. be 1

F : ig Y
and map reading, and, when the soldier hit a dead end,
jumping down into the sewers and personally grabbing it.
If any of the players has a better idea, run with it. However,
Sorry Martin will come with the players, even if he has to
tag along behind making puppy dog eyes at them.

Scene Two: Back Up the Din

At some point during their tracking expedition, the
players will notice that the soldier has reversed direction
and is now headed back up the hill. In truth, it heard the
summons to muster with the rest of the troops and is doing
its best to heed the call. However, the players are likely to
see it as sheer and only the actual sight of the
lost soldier climbing up out of a sewer grate will give them
the encouragement they need. From this point on, the
chimera is easily catchable. It's tired, it's not terribly
enthusiastic about rejoining the rest of the army, and it's
had a hard day. The characters should be able to catch up
toitinnotime. Assoonas they grab it, though, Bad Things
start to happen.

First of all, Killer will pd
the soldier. Sorry Martin will also be attempting to get his
hands on the chimera, and will use whatever means
necessary to get it. It's pure coincidence, of course, that
Ralph also comes charging into the fray at this point,
hellbent on revenge on Martin and his chicken. Just toadd
to the confusion, LittleJohn finds the temptation of the
chimera too much to resist getting involved personally

J also leaps into the fray. Things get ugly, and the soldier

d make a play for

FN

cee

Waa Vo Yo

Vavetet


will take potshots at whoever's closest (Dexterity 3, Fire-
arms 4, 1 shot per round, damage 4). All in all, it should
look like the closing moments of a Mel Brooks movie.

With any luck, the players will win. The battle will
end with one or more of the characters gripping tightly
onto the soldier. At this point, while the players debate
what to do with their catch, a battalion of toy soldiers will
appear. Observing proper military form, they will request
the return of their comrade. Hopefully, the players will
acquiesce, and the wayward toy will rejoin the ranks of his
peers.

ll. The Ramoting

Rover

Will there be any pen-pushers up there in heaven?

Does clerking and wage-slaving win you God's love?

I pity you worms with your semis and pensions

If you think that'll get you to the kingdom above.

— Richard Thompson, "God Loves a Drunk"

"The Rambling Rover" isa short adventure exploring
the underside of one of the major subplots of The Toybox.
It has a greater scope than "When Johnny Comes March-
ing Home," as well as greater ambiguity and a much less
clear-cut ending. Ranging from the court of Duke Aeon to
the wineries haunted by the Brotherhood of the Barrel,
"The Rambling Rover" is a chance for the players to flex
their investigative muscles as they track down the roots of
amystery it sallin Aeon's holdings. In addition,
it moves the characters further out into the wide world of
the Kithain, exposing them to more of the wonders, and
dangers, of changeling existence.

"The Rambling Rover" is designed as a follow-up
adventure to "When Johnny Comes Marching Home." It
relies upon the events of the earlier story for its setting and

initial impetus.

Theme

"The Rambling Rover" is all about obsession, truth,
and honor. Most of the true evil that has been wrought in
"The Rambling Rover" has been done in the name of
honor, or asa result of a fixation cloaking itself in honor's
guise. Even the characters are not immune to these twin
forces. Asked to uncover the origin of Aeon's magical harp
as a favor toa member of the Duke's court, the characters
will find the trail winding into places they'drather not see.
However, they have no choice but to travel forward,
I ivati hat worked in tandem

yielding

to weave the mystery which they are called upon to
unravel.

Hopefully the characters will recognize the way in
which they are falling i | ps that snared their
predecessors. The rogues' gallery of life's victims whom
they encounter will serve as object lessons in what they
might become. If the characters do not learn their lessons
well, they may well end up in the same classroom until
Banality overwhelms them — or worse.

CDood

Despite its jaunty title, "The Rambling Rover" is a
piece with a gradually darkening mood. The initial enthu-
siasm of the seemingly simple quest is slowly tinged by the

a | et j

sinister ped g the mystery. By the
end of the story, the characters should be almost desperate
to find the truth, and for their sakes, not for that of their
patron at court. Everyone the characters encounter has a
dirty little secret, and all of those secrets are about to come
out.

Furthermore, not all of these secrets are pertinent to
the plot, but the characters may well insist on exposing
them anyway. Hopefully the characters will realize when
they've gone too far in search of the truth. The full
ramifications of the players' actions may not become
immediately apparent, but the group will realize that there
are consequences, both physical and psychological, for
going too far no matter what the cause.

In conclusion, if "Johnny" was a Warner Brothers
cartoon, "The Rambling Rover" is a film noir. Complete
with boozy informants and burnout cases who can still
hear the call of honor, the story is both an introduction to
the wider world of the Kithain and a warning that even a
world of Glamour has its own harsh edges.

Background

}; ] h

his Stor y takes place i l after i fi t
which had imprisoned Duke Aeon's higher faculties has
been destroyed. It is a small triumph, though, in the face
of the ill omens and dangers now afoot in San Francisco.
It is known that the harp was originally given to Duke
Aeon asa gift the previous Beltaine, but not who gave the
gift or, more threateningly, why. The duke's court is
painfully aware of the questions the harp's presence has
raised. If : ee bi gifted 1
himself with no one the wiser, what other articles of
mischief are loose in the Kingdom of Pacifica? What if the
next "gift" is something deadlier? And how was such a
potent Treasure smuggled into as closely guarded a festival
as Duke Aeon's Beltaine celebration? Everything points to
treason and betrayal, and the court's mood is sour.

Chapzer Six: Scenes


With that in mind, certain members of the court have
taken it upon themselves to lighten the gloom somewhat.
What Duke Aeon and his courtiers need, they reason, is to
hear a story of a fresh triumph, preferably one that is both
humorous and glorious at the same time. Inevitably, the
characters' chase after the chimerical soldier is settled
upon as perfect. An invitation is issued, a proclamation
made, and the stage is set for "The Rambling Rover."

Acct One: "There are
soder men a-plency...

Scene One: An Invicacion
TI } ps J} ] ]

give an accounting of their exploits chasing after the
runaway chimera from the previous story. The invitation,
hand-delivered by a nattily attired courtier, should give
the impression that the characters are expected to debrief
Duke Aeon and his advisors, and that the invitation is to
be considered an honor.

When the characters arrive at court, they are ushered

into the Great Hall and asked to perform that most
difficult of tasks, waiting. They are forced east
an hour's exhibition of filibustering, politicking and grov-
eling while waiting for their turn to speak. If they listen,
the characters will hear something about "that damned
harp," as well as fierce debate over what sort of assistance
should be offered to Leigh. Eventually, though, the play-
ers' turncomes. At least one of the characters will be called
upon to make a Wits + Expression roll (Difficulty 7) to tell
the tale of their misadventure to the court at large.
However, most of the nobles, courtiers, and hangers-on
will spend the recital either preoccupied or openly dis-
ainfal of such miitioedeeds: Thisi flactionottte
court's state of mind than of the individual nobles' person-
alities, but it should leave the characters with a sour taste
in their mouths.

The characters will probably realize that they were
summoned more as entertainment than anything else.
There is a whiff of the Unseelie in the air, and once the
players have finished they will be ignored by the majority
of the court. Observant characters will notice that Duke
Aeon seems more distracted than anything else, absently

4A; 1 oe ld oe

ood ignoring or s imply Not

noticing the snide comments of the court wits. After the

tale is finished, he will tell them that it was ".. absolutely
| llent job you did ing up th

r-it-was..." He will then sink back into

ing as the ch huffled off and a petitioner

for a Holding takes their place before the duke.

fascinating
j

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

Scene Two: Oiscurding News

Just when the players get thoroughly fed up with the
lot of nobles, Baron Neville will approach them. He will
offer them refreshment, comment on the other courtiers'
appalling lack of manners, and apologize on their behalf
for their rudeness. (Characters with high Perception rat-
ings will probably notice that the label of the bottle of wine
from which Neville pours is "Arcadia Vineyards," and that
the winery's logo is a reclining satyr figure with a flagon.
All dignity and charm, he will then cut to the chase.
Swearing the cl y, he will take them into
a coatroom or similar antechamber and inform them that
Duke Aeon's mind had b lippingt he'
fixated on, of all things, a harp, presented ly as
a Beltaine present. In whispers, Neville will add that he
had been quite worried for the duke, who had seemed to be
inching closer and closer to Bedlam. The invitation to the
Unseelie Court to celebrate Samhain as Aeon's guest
proves precisely how disturbed Duke Aeon had been.
Why, rumor even had it that His Grace even briefly
believed the spirit of his long-lost love to be trapped inside
the instrument. The long and short of it, however, is that

he si dang' ly close to being out of control.
While things are better now that the harp has been
destroyed, it i bling th hat object of
malign power was slipped into His Grace's hands. Such a
thing should not be allowed to happen again. With that in
mind, it behooves the members of the court to find out
how it happened this time.

Neville will then set the players the task of finding out
who is responsible for getting the harp into His Grace's
hands. If possible, he will get them to swear an Oath of the
Long Road that they will find the culprit, which will add
a certain amount of urgency to the players' quest. Failing
this, he will do his best to impress upon them the impor-
tance of what they're doing. In either case, Neville will
offer a reward for a successful conclusion to the hunt, as
well as a business card with an address scribbled on the
back. "A good place to start," is all Neville will say about
the address, and then he will take his leave.

Scene Three: The Address

The fog has rolled in by the time the players leave
court, headed for an address in the heart of the Mission
district. An unseasonably chill breeze pushes the haze to
and fro without clearing it. Characters skilled in Soothsay
may get inklings of something unpleasant coming, but
nothing specific. Each streetlight seems to have a halo as
the characters navigate the streets, looking for the elusive
address. Eventually, though, their quarry looms up out of
the fog. It is an unspectacular two-floor brick house, with

da become


a

CREEK

badly peeling paint on its shutters and porch. The entire
house gives the impression of something once meticu-
lously cared for but now gone to seed. There is no doorbell,
only a tarnished brass knocker.

When the players knock, there will be silence. After
asecond knock, a sudden crash will be heard. Eventually,
the redcap Maire will stumble to her door and boozily ask
the players what the $4&% they want at this $+&%ing
hour of the morning, and why the G#%@ they can't go get
real jobs and stop bothering working women like her. (It
will in fact be evening when the players reach Maire's
house; just bear in mind that Maire doesn't get out of the
house much these days.) Assuming they are not stunned
into silence by the ferocity of Maire's initial outburst, the
players will quickly be able to gain her confidence and
garner an invitation inside.

a [-our: Inside CDaires
me

The feeling of rapid decay should be even stronger
inside. Maire is obviously tottering on the thin edge of
Banality, and little touches (like plastic casing on the
furniture) should reinforce this. Maire will offer the char-
acters refreshments and will generally try to mother them
even though she's had a few too many. As soon as she is

asked about the harp, Maire will immediately sink down
j-} } +44] Cn j

intoa larg irin
start sniffling. In fits and starts, she reveals to the players
how Duke Aeon dismissed her a few short weeks ago from
her position as a steward. If asked about the harp, Maire
will tell the players that all her troubles started when the
#$@%Ging harp first showed up. She will be unable to
remember exactly who presented it to the duke, but she
will be able to recall that a bunch of the satyrs from the
Brotherhood of the Barrel were in court quite a bit in those
days, arguing against a higher tax on wine. In particular,
she recalls one named JZ.

It turns out, incidentally, that Maire was fired for
abusing her employer's property. Specifically, she grew
fascinated with an ebony harp that His Grace kept in a
private chamber which she was responsible for cleaning.
Eventually, one day, when she thought no one was look-
ing, she had to have justa little nibble. Unfortunately, she
chose a moment when His Grace was coming to visit his
treasure. He caught her in the act and, acting without his
usual leniency, banished Maire from his court. Further-
more pl | undera geasnotto speak of the matter,
or of the harp to anyone until such time as he granted her
permission. (As Aeon is a man of honor, following the
destruction of the harp, he officially released her from her

geas.) The harp, as far as Maire could remember, was
unharmed by her culinary assault.

Maire's apartment is an uncomfortable place, full of
intimations of mortality. The characters will likely be glad
to leave it, and Maire, behind. Outside, the fog has turned
into a drizzling rainstorm. It looks to be an unpleasant
evening. If the characters drove to Maire's, someone has
slashed their tires. Characters with Soothsay will have
strong premonitions that something nasty is on the way.
Then again, most characters without Soothsay probably
will as well.

CDaire

An immigrant from Eire, Maire was promised work in
America in both her fae and human miens. As she was a
young girl at the time, and still somewhat of a romantic,
she took the former, and promptly found herself aban-
doned by her prospective employer. He had apparently
had the bad grace to go and die on her before she arrived,
and so in very ill humor Maire took her bags to the next
freehold...And the next, and the next, and the next...
Her indomitable spirit, combined with the fact that very
few motleys wanted too many redcaps among them, kept
her moving further and further west. When asked why she
didn't head back east, she replied, "Already been there.
Don't like it at all."

Eventually she landed in Goldengate, and became
attached to the underside of the ducal court. She per-
formed her duties well, at least until she caught sight of a
certain magical harp. Now she sits at home and broods on
the matter, obsessed with a magic she only dimly under-
stood.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Bumpkin/Savage

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Redcap

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Empathy 1, Kenning 1,
Streetwise 3

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 2, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Law 2, Mythlore 3, Politics 4

Arts: Primal 3, Sovereign 1, Wayfare |

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Prop 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Dreamers 1

Glamour: 5

Banality: 8

Willpower: 6


Image: With kerchiefed head, button-down sweater,
and long plaid skirt, Maire is the picture of parochial
school propriety gone to hell. A long way from the prom-
ises made of America on the Old Sod, Maire's visage bears
the weight of 55 winters. Short, but not small, she has a
tendency to waddle when she walks. Maire's eyes are a

h } ] Lahla thi } é
only remarkable thing about her

bright green, p
appearance.

Even when seen as a redcap, Maire's appearance is
somewhat ordinary. Yes, she has the omnipresent wide
mouth, but it's more likely to be wide with ct ing than
chewing. Of course, her eyes do go from green to red, but
that's hard to notice among the creases and folds of her
well-lined face.

Roleplaying Hints: Youare a sloppy drunk, and Duke
Aeon's dismissal kicked what was nearly your last support
out from under you. Now there is only the bottle between
you and Banality, and you have a sneaking suspicion that
it's not so much a barrier as a funnel. Still, at this point
you'd almost welcome the release from the nightmare that
changeling existence has become for you.

When dealing with the characters, go off on extended
tangents about your views on the politics of the court. As
these are primarily worm's-eye views of the lords and
ladies, they ishingl
tion with profanity and crying
about what a pleasure it was to serve Duke Aeon before he

y accurate. Cut your conversa-

ags, as well as long moans

changed. Curse the harpa few ti
principle.

ll, just on general

Acc Two: ...and drunkards
darely CWENTY...

Scene One: To the Vineyard

The next morning, refreshed and with new tires, the
players head out to the Napa Valley and the Arcadia
Winery. As the wineries of the Napa Valley spread out
before the characters, they will detect an absolutely aston-
ishing number of satyrs. The goats are out tending the
fields and otherwise keen} q

ping busy working

thing for members of this particular kith. Eventually, the
players will find Arcadia Vineyards, pull in, and promptly
find themselves on a tour of the winery given by a satyr
whose name tag reads "Scheff." In fact, satyrs are abso-
lutely everywhere. They're in the gift shop, the vineyards
themselves, the custodial staff, the valet parking carhop
crew, and anywhere else one might imagine. The tour
itself is nothing special. The characters are first shown a
short slide show, then taken briefly out to the vineyards.
i I i inei d d d, then

€ LICIC LIE Wie
into the gift shop.
as | 1

1 belexh
Y
fe

back up for

ff the tour will fi

* ? = o a

face to face with JZ, another satyr who just hapy head
Arcadia Winery's security staff. He will pull the offenders
(and their companions) into his office and proceed to do
something entirely unexpected: beg.

Scheff

A beach bum extraordinaire, Scheff's spent years
living doing the professional house guest thing. He'd crash
with vague acquaintances at night, then slip out in the
morning, set up shop with his electric bass on a boardwalk

somewhere, and just let the coins come raining in. This
14 of " a

laf ;
wellaiter the sun went down,

E S
at which point he'd latch onto one of his seemingly
infini juaii dlet iththem. While
Scheff (who originally came to Califi
who did his time in fast food joints waiting for his big
break) found the lifestyle liberating, he also recognized its
inherent weakness: lack of any kind of retirement plan.
That's where JZ came in.

actor, and

Scheff, who'd been Sained at age four or so, was one
of the commoners at the Aeon concert who helped JZ
through his Chrysalis, and JZ wanted to return the favor
somehow. When he glommed onto the job as Arcadia
Winery's head of security, he hired Scheff as a tour guide,
figuring that both his own purposes were served and that
he was doing a good deed by Scheff. So far, he's been right
on both counts.

yy Wea Von ana Va Vaan Ca


4

SNEWS SLOLNISS

.

DROS

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Troubadour/Rake

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Satyr

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Expression 4,
Kenning

Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Leadership 1, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Mythlore 2, Occult 2, Science 1
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2, Wayfare 1
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 1, Prop 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Gremayre 2, Mentor 3,
Resources |

Glamour: 6

Banality: 6

Willpower: 5

Image: Scheff is about 5' 4", with a broad, engaging
smile, curly brown hair, and a friendly face that radiates
honesty. His entire body is dusted liberally with freckles.
Californian to the hilt, Scheff wears a polo shirt with the
Arcadia Winery logo monogram, khaki shorts, and san-
dals. His hair is pulled into a ponytail.

In faerie mien, Scheff's curls get even more expansive,
and light brown hair can be seen poking from his shirt
sleeves and collar. His hands are huge, and his teeth
gleamingly bright and even.

Roleplaying Hints: Tour guide is the perfect profes-
sion for you. You love showing off, err, sharing your
knowledge with people, and the notion of a day full of

captive audiences for your oneliners puts a smile on your
face every morning. Be informal in speech (though the
term "dude" is unprofessional), expansively friendly in
action, and overly touchy-feely-huggy with anyone you
come across.

One of the reasons you've been selected for tour guide
duty is your knack for Kenning. If anyone ona tour sets off
alarm bells, youfinda way to inform JZ, making certain the
situation comes to the attention of someone who can
handle it. If the faintest possibility of physical violence
arises, find a way, gracefully, to run like hell.

JA

JZ used to work security for Fivecorp, one of the
leading concert security outfits on the West Coast. A
hotshot young team leader, he always volunteered to work
the weirdest and wildest s} Id, just to p p
good he was at setting people straight. It was one of his
favorite jokes that if his Fivecorp team had been there at
Altamont, there'd be another fat guy in the world today.
He loved to gamble on how few security personnel he
could bring to a show and still keep order with.

However, there were only so many heavy metal and
rap shows to do. He had to work some of the normal ones
as well, including one by a local band called Aeon. During
the show, according to hi di d, he started
acting "freaked." It was, of course, JZ's Chrysalis, and once
he'd been led through a Saining, he left Fivecorp and went
to work for others of his kind in the mistaken impression
that he'd be fighting off namel boojums )
other week. This wasn't quite the case, and to make up for
the lack of thrills on the job he went looking for more off
it. This got him involved with Blade's gambling opera-
tions, where the house always won, and that got him into
debt with Blade. The rest, as they say, is history. Luckily,
JZ isn't...at least not yet.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin/Beast

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Satyr

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Kenning 1, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Melee 2, Security 4,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 2, Law 2,
Linguistics 2, Politics 1

Arts: Legerdemain 1, Primal 3, Sovereign 3

Chapter Six: Scenes


Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2, Nature 2, Prop 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Dreamers 2, Gremayre 1,
Resources 2, Retinue 1, Treasures 3
Glamour: 5
Banality: 8
Willpower: 8

Image: A smiling, resolute man of 40 or so, JZ has a
casual air about him that does absolutely nothing to

i Almost six feet tall, he's both big-

f I
boned and muscular. Sporting both beard and mustache,
JZ can hide his expression quite well behind a forest of
black facial hair.

In satyr mien, JZ's face becomes even longer and
narrower than normal. His horns are rather large for a
satyr, and they tend to dishevel his omnipresent sun-

Blhebsoredacawaty |

glasses

fe yr, JZ also wears sandals, as they
interfere the least with his "true" foot shape.
Roleplaying Hints: You are dedicated to two propo-
sitions: the security of Arcadia Winery and covering your
own derriere. The former you take very seriously, moving
to intercept any threat to the winery's operations (from

industrial sabot pr attempt in court to
take away the winery's special privileges) in any way you
see fit.

However, you've also gotten into financial trouble
with loansharks from Blade's little Oakland fiefdom, and
you've been paying them off with a combination of booze
and cash swiped from the winery itself. Blade's boys have
amply demonstrated how easily they can circumvent your
preventive measures, and this scares the hell out of you.
Lately ster's demands have been getting more and

more outrageous, and you've been forced to take bigger
and bigger risks to cover your tracks. You instituted the
first-warning technique with Scheff as a way of screening
Kithain who come into the winery, much in the way some
peopl hei i hi screen their phone
calls. Be charming and polite, especially to other Kithain,
but at the same time make it very clear that you have all
of the angles covered (especially if you don't).

Scene Two: The Daymenc

As soon as the door is shut, JZ will pleadingly inform
the players that the additional payment wasn't ready until
today, and that he'd be pleased to hand it over to them.
He's a bit angry that they came in the front door as
"tourists" — are they trying to endanger his position here?
What is Blade trying to do, anyway? Doesn't he appreciate
all the cash and wine? If the players are sufficiently self-
possessed, they will be given, gift-wrapped, JZ's entire
connection with Blade's band of Unseelie in Oakland, the

4

address of t

PE

ya

CONN awovet see


staat Stine'

—

NSN

y

to take back to JZ's contact with Blade's band as well. JZ

may well try to bribe the players to cover up his tardiness

with the supposed payment. If JZ is questioned about the

harp, he will vigorously deny any involvement in that

particular operation. He does know, however, that Blade
] f ] 1.,]. j { } | a

blanc ("damn near impossible to cover that one up") right
before last Beltaine, which he claimed was for a very
special party.

If the players let slip that they are not affiliated with
Blade, they will quickly but firmly be escorted off the
premises. However, at least they have another name and

destination. In either case, when they return to their
vehicle the characters will find an "Arcadia Wineries —
Et Ego In Arcadia" bumper sticker plastered onto the rear
bumper. It will prove absolutely impossible to remove.

In addition, there will be a note tucked under the
windshield wipers. It reads "Dear Friends (Whom I Have
Not Yet Met): I'm sorry I can't be of more assistance, but
I'll give you what I can. The address you need is 47
Belmont Street in Oakland. Don't leave anything valu-
able in the Car. Follow the trail of I p d i
Baron Neville and Count Elias are often seen in court
together. Luck and Light!"

here i ig but th jibes with the one
that JZ would have given in his office. As for the origin of the
note, Scheff is in fact on Baron Neville's payroll as an
informer. He is th ponsible forthe note, having made
a phone call to his employer as soon as the characters went
into ]Z's office. The note i iby Neville hi If,
Pa 4.4

44 Py |

E
1] 1

least partially Ifsomehow the

players track the note back to Scheff, he will quickly and
completely divulge all that he knows. It isn't much.

Acc Three: ....cherearemen
of over ninety who have
neveryct kissed agirl...

Scene One: Inco Oakland
The players now have Oakland as a destination,
specifically Blade's drop point. 47 Belmont Street is in a
run-down d, and there isa palp in
the air. Cars sit up on blocks, rusting amid piles of broken
Lh dad up, an } 1 ]

ee Wind j
glass. W

j sh] ae

pray, I Chil-
dren play on the street, but warily, and melt back into their
homes as soon as the characters step out of their car. The
street is quickly deserted, draped in the sort of ominous
silence that is usually a prelude to bloody violence.

intoani

There is a homeless man sitting on the steps to 47
Belmont, mummified in weeks' worth of newspapers. As
the characters approach, a hand will suddenly emerge
from beneath the pile and a croaking voice will demand
either money, alcohol, or both. This is the players' intro-
duction to Toad. Toad has noticed the bumper sticker on
the characters' car and is canny enough to know that
presages. If the players give him something, he is a gold
mine of information. If not, he will wait until they shuffle
psand then attack the last in line witha cold
iron knife. Regardless of whether his attack succeeds or
fails, he will flee after his first strike.

Toad

Another casualty of the Accordance War, Toad once
went by the name of Waylon. While he was a noncomba-
tant, he fi dchi i f

past up

for the rebelling commoners. It was a truism among the
rebel leaders that a Waylon-forged blad harp h
to cut a hair floating on a stream, lengthwise, without
making so much as a ripple. The knights returning from
Arcadia soon feared his weapons as they did the men
bearing them, and when peace 1, his part in the
rebellion was not forgotten.

ES)

Through a series of edicts and plots, always made to
look coincidental, certain of the Lords of Pacifica stripped
from Waylon everything he once had. They passed proc-
lamations declaring taxes on smiths (secretly refunded to
Pacifica's other metalworkers), purchased the land his
shop stood on and raised his rent so high that he could no
longer afford it, fed his incipient alcohol habit and took
money from his pocket even as he emptied his wallet for
taxes. In short, they ruined Waylon, and sent him tum-
bling down the path of alcoholic ruin. Now Toad's part of
the landscape, and no one remembers Waylon. No one
who admits it, anyway.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Wretch/Hermit

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Nocker

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1|
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Kenning 1, Streetwise 3

Skills: Crafts 4, Melee 2, Stealth 2, Survival 1
Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Mythlore 2, Stealth 2
Arts: Legerdemain 1, Primal 2, Soothsaying 2
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Prop 1, Scene 3


Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Dreamers 1, Gremayre 1,
Retinue |
Glamour: 5
Banality: 8
Willpower: 4

Image: A gruff and weathered little man, Toad is
swathed in layer upon layer of dirty clothing. His eyes are
bright, his beard is grizzled white and his hands are rough
and gnarled. Other than that, there isn't much of Toad
visible. His apparent age is somewhere on the far side of
sixty, but with the hard living he's done, who can tell?

In all honesty, it's difficult to tell if there is any
difference between Toad's human and fae miens. You
never get to see much of him in either.

Roleplaying Hints: Life has done its worst to you,
over and over and overagain. derafi
you found the pleasures of the bottle and things started to
slide. First you lost your shop, then your employment, then
your marriage, then your home, then. ..the litany goes on.
Eventually you found yourself on Blade's doorstep, at the
end of your rope. The Unseelie let you stay here as sort of
an early-warning system, and you've managed to cadge a
fair number of drinks out of the arrangement. You've also
gotten your hands on an iron knife from one of the many
shipments that was carried right past your nose. When no
one was looking, you just reached right into the box and
grabbed it, and now you feel much tougher than you have
in years. You're surly when drunk, and occasionally com-
bative as well. Ifthe players show you some kindness, tell
them what you know. If they spurn you, it's time to show
the world how tough you really are.

4g

Toad also maintains independent contact with
Ragger's band. The working arrangement they have, in-
fe ion for booze, isagreeable to both, and Toad actually
has a soft spot in his heart for the little boggan.

What Toad Knows: Blade's band regard you as al-
most part of the landscape. They talk freely in front of you,
and as such you has managed to pick up the following
pieces of information:

1) There was a large shipment of wine that was
unloaded here right before Beltaine. It was promptly
reloaded (and you got not so much as a drop!), along with
a sealed box in Blade's own car, and you never saw any of
that wine again. You have no idea what was in the box.

2) Someone's been toting some iron weapons into
town. You've seen them (but don't let on about your
holdout!) but don't know where they're going.

3) What really got JZ into trouble with Blade was
gambling. He took out loans from people in Blade's em-
ploy, promptly went back to the bookies, and lost again.

114 Immortal Cyes: Toydox

a

Blade coerced him into dipping i winery's till to pay

off part of the debt, and now the Unseelie eshu's hold on

the satyr is unbreakable. (Note: This is really more infor-
ey th. as ] } ld

i want to know. Discovering

dirty little secrets like this, or Toad's own sad tale of woe

should leave them with a bad taste in their mouths. Sordid

little tales like these actually are quite Banal, and at your
4

discretion you might want i orsoof temporary
Banality to any character who gets a little too involved in
tracking these side tales down)

4) Normally on Beltaine Blade hosts his own little
party right here at 47 Belmont —a party that's wild to the
point of being grotesque. Not this past year, no, and there
were a hell of a lot of disappointed Oakland Kithain this
past year.

Scene Two: Blades Dideawiay

Inside the house, a troll guard by the name of Duff
stands by the front door. He has overheard the players'
conversation with Toad unless they took pains to prevent
eavesdropping (and this in and of itself is unusual enough
to get Duff to call upstairs for further instructions). He will
play along with the idea that the characters are couriers
sent from JZ with a new package of goodies.

The house itself is a three-story row home. There isa
central hallway with a stairwell, and rooms with closed
and locked doors along the length of each corridor. The
lighting in the house is actually quite good, with electric
light gleaming off the wood paneling of the interior. The
house may be fit in with its surroundings on the outside,
but it is obvious that Blade has spent a great deal of time
and money in redecorating the place to his taste. Various

Nave

raves

> ean


.

se

(431

noises can be heard from behind the closed doors —
laughter, video games, the dreadful sort of music that
seems to only be found as the soundtrack to X-rated films
— as Duff marches the characters up to the third floor.
Various other Kithain, some of them obviously armed
with cold iron, lounge in the hallway chatting with one
another, only to fall silent as the characters pass. It should
be obvious to the players that trying to fight their way out
is simply not an option.

At the end of the third floor hallway, there stands a
locked door with no noise emanating from it. Duff will
nudge the characters in the direction of the door and
grunt, "The man you need to see is in there. Go on, he's
expecting you."

Ouff

Duff isn't Duff's real name. Raised by his grandfather,
an industrious and staunchly apolitical nocker, the young
boy who grew into Blade's best enforcer was constantly
exhorted to "get off his duff and do something!" This
constant harangue wormed its way into the boy's subcon-
scious, and when he first found himself working as muscle
he psyched himself up for jobs by muttering to himself to
"get off his duff." The name stuck, and Duff, as he found
himself being called, began to relish the fact that along
with his nickname came a rep. Of course, in those days he

was simply doing the bagman thing to support himself and
his grandfather, not out of any tremendous love for the
gang lifestyle. Then his grandfather was killed.

One of Blade's rivals, desperate to get at the eshu any
way he could, phoned in a false tip to the cops that drugs
were being dealt out of Duff's grandfather's apartment. It
was also implied that the dealers were heavily armed.
Prepared for the worst, the police moved in, and while no
rounds were fired, the sudden appearance of a half-dozen
heavily armed police officers in his kitchen was enough to
send Duff's grandfather into fatal cardiac arrest. The old
man's death galvanized Duff into action. Cops and gangstas
had conspired to kill his ifather, and the only one left
who hadn't bullshitted him was Blade. He gave himself in
service to the Unseelie, and by extension to the People's
Front. Blade was wise enough to direct Duff's murderous
rage to his own uses, and has given Duff both the home he
lost and a direction to his martial talents. It's not a pretty
combination for those who disagree with Blade.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Paladin

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Troll

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance |


Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Intimida-
tion 4, Kenning 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Firearms 5, Melee 4, Security 3, Leadership 1,
Gambling 4

J T

g 2, Mythlore 2, Occult 1
Arts: Primal 4, Sovereign 1, Waytare 1
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Prop 2, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 4, Holdings 1
(Blade has granted Duff a small freehold, which also
serves as a 24-hour poker game), Mentor 3, Resources 3
Glamour: 7
Banality: 4
Willpower: 7

Image: A good seven inches over six feet tall, Duff
doesn't stand, he looms. Duff is of African descent, rare ina
troll, and his skin is extraordinarily dark. Sporting a goatee
and mustache, Duff tends towards wearing a white t-shirt,
jeans, anda leather vest regardless of the weather outside. He
also favors black driving gloves and, innocuously enough,
often has a pencil tucked behind his right ear.

In troll mien, Duff looks like he's armored. His skin
fades to absolute black, and it tends to gleam in bright

hI

light. Duff never, ever: k, and most people find

this quite unnerving.

Immorzal Cyes: Toydox

Roleplaying Hints: You are content with your cir-
cumstances. Blade trusts you with both his door and his
game, and you like inspiring that kind of trust. A product
of streets meaner than most, you're not inclined to be kind
to those who come from softer backgrounds than yours.
The People's Front is your family now, and you relish the
role of butt-kicking older brother. When trouble arises,
you're brutally efficient and have absolutely no compunce-
tions about killing.

Never much one for initiative, you tend to be reactive
in most situations. Speak little and never waste the energy
on repeating yourself. People who didn't catch what you
were saying the first time were disrespecting you by not
paying attention, and you'll treat them accordingly.

Scene Three: The QDeezing

The other side of the door is a sparsely furnished room
with no carpeting. A few prints in traditional West Afri-
can style decorate the white-painted walls, and the floor is
polished oak. Blade himself is sitting on a straight-backed
dark wooden chair, staring intently at the floor. There is
noone else inside, but the last character to enter will hear
the click of a deadbolt being drawn across the outside of
the door. Blade has a wickedly curved scimitar across his
lap and the characters will notice a large knife sheathed in
one boot. Clearly, this is not a man to be trifled with.


As soon as the characters make a move to attract his
attention, Blade will sit up. He is aware of what the players
are after, what questions they've been asking, and how
they found him. He has a few surprises for them, however,
as well as a nasty sense of humor. He will play along with
the" s fi play willing
to push it, but eventually he will grow bored and cut down
to matters of more importance.

JZ" shtick as far

When the mood strikes him, Blade will admit freely
that he carried the harp to Beltaine, at the behest of an
acquaintance of his whom he will refer to only as "The
Lady of Shadows." If pressed on this issue, Blade will lose
his temper, growing violent enough to backhand one of
the characters across the room. Abruptly he will regain
control of himself, return to his seat, and continue his
casual confession. He will claim to have no knowledge of
loes | to care. He was merely
repaying a favor owed, and that's the end of it.

what the harp did, nor

One real shocker remains, though. Immediately after
the harp was destroyed, Blade was confronted by Duke
Elias and admitted his complicity. The matter was taken
to Duke Aeon...and immediately hushed up. His Grace
and Count Eli having gt bles with Oakhold
as is. In exchange for an oath from Blade never to do
anything of the sort again, Duke Aeon and Count Elias
agreed to keep the entire matter quiet. (Blade was more
than willing lering ing
and closer to.an armed rebellion. Once the court is swept
away, an oath not tosmuggle anything inimical into it will
be moot.) No one else knows what really happened, not
even Baron Neville or Queen Aeron.

Ls
tothe

Hopefully at this point some of the characters will
start to wonder why Blade is telling them all of this,
particularly since it's damaging to him in the extreme.
Blade's response if questioned is that it won't matter if he
tells them, because they're not walking out of the building.
At this point six chimerical warriors leap from the paint-
ings on the wall, armed with spears and shields, and Blade
himself takes up a guard position in front of his chair with
his scimitar.

Chimerical Carriors:

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,

Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Percep-

tion 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Melee 4
Image: These are stylized chimera, stick-figure war-

riors with faces like traditional West African masks. They

move fluidly, wit isi idering thei

gL angu-
iH} 35 4 j oe
5

b

lar forms. Their attacks

deadly, and several will converge ona fallen opponent to
finish them off.

Scene four: The Incerrupzion

After a round or three of combat, hubbub breaks out in
the corridor. The door flies open and there stands Count
Elias himself, an apologetic-looking Duff visible over the
noble's shoulder. Members of the count's retinue hover in
the hallway. As soon as the door opens, the chimera leap
back into their frames. Blade will smolder with ill-suppressed
fury at the interruption, but the count will be aggressively
oblivious as to what has been taking place inside.

Elias' story is that he's had a street person with a cold
iron weapon, of all things, brought to him for justice. He'd
heard tell of a couple of witnesses to the man's possessing
the weapon, and was looking for Blade's help in tracking
them down. The fact that individuals matching the de-
scriptions of the witnesses exactly are right here with
Blade has him in a very good mood, so if Blade doesn't
mind cutting short the pleasantries, he'll take his leave
with the d stop bothering Blade. Blade is inno
position to argue, at least not yet. With poorly disguised
bad grace, he will give in to Elias' request and allow the
characters to leave.

Of course, Elias knows exactly what he's interrupted.
Tipped off by Baron Neville that he'd sent some people on
the harp's trail, Elias has been keeping an eye on the
characters' progress for some time now, and is acting as
much to protect Blade's secret as well as the players' lives.

Scene Live: The Escape

Once outside 47 Belmont, Elias will temporarily
dismiss his guards. Alone with the characters, he will swear
them to silence (using an geas if necessary) on what has
transpired within. If they argue that this will make them
forsworn, his response is that they should be much more
careful in whom they swear oaths to in the future. Oaths
are not to be taken lightly, after all. The players will be
rewarded for their efforts with small Treasures and told
that Duke Aeon appreciates their silence.

If they bring up the iron weapons, Elias will look
troubled and promise to look into it. Otherwise, his
business with the characters is finished. He will rejoin his
retinue (among whom isa manacled Toad) and drive off,
leaving the players alone in an urban wasteland with a
secret they cannot tell and a taint of certain experiences
that will never come clean.

"but give me a rambling rover, from Orkney down
to Dover, we will roam the country over, and together we'll
face the world..."

— Traditional, "The Rambling Rover"

Chapcer Six: Scenes


Il. Tf lc Of fends
Thee...

This is the third of the troika of short stories woven
around the story of Leigh and her friends. It ties up one of the
loose ends from "The Rambling Rover" while bringing the

I fi fi ithtl ifying fi f the Dauntain

Ryder, allowing th limpse what might well be their fate.
The mood of the story is almost unrelentingly dark until the
very end, when the possibility for redemption extends itself
L 2 | Th cA . for 1, }

smarter, tougher, and more knowledgeable than they are,

and this should be plain from the beginning. Furthermore,

one of the beings opposing them considers them annoy-

ances, when he considers them at all. Knowing that an
= 5 1 } R 4 } ] .

? r
for should bring home to the play ly how far in over
their heads they are. Unless your characters have a poorly-
concealed martyr complex, the vista that spreads before
them is unappealing.
At the same time, though, there are faint tendrils of
1j fting th hel ists of despair. Dandeloon'

h y 2
admiration for the characters' heroism is worth more for all
thavit: A 1 o£ 1 andthe chi Ik;

to join up with Leigh's journey to where no Kithain has gone
in centuries, nor is it for them to attempt to purge San
Francisco of the Dauntain scourge. Instead, "If It Offends
Thee..." demonstrates the need for small heroisms as well as
large ones, and gently reminds the players that not every
warrior can win every battle, even with the purest of motives
and the keenest of blades. S batel s' to fight, in
this case Leigh's and her friends', and the characters that
accept this will find a the chance for triumphs of their own.

Theme

More subtly shaded than the other two story, "If It
Offends Thee..." concerns accepting one's place in the
grand scheme of things while recognizing the heroism in
allowing others to fulfill their destinies. The characters
cannot defeat some of the evils they uncover. That doom
is upon Leigh and her band. However, if they allow
Valmont and company to deal with the quest for the lost
Gateway and instead
they are capable of dealing with (i.e. the monstrous chi-
mera Malacar's torment has set loose upon the city) they
will find a sterling chance to garner honor of their own.

© Leen}
those matters which

Similarly, Ryder is a greater danger than the charac-
ters are prepared to face, and as such is actually present in
only asmall part of the story. Ryder represents the absolute
worst of their potential, achieved through a stubborn
refusal on the former Chevalier's part to recognize his
limitations. Dangerous though he is, however, Ryder will
hardly be the characters' main concern. More immediate
affairs of bravery, mercy and honor await.

(Dood

A real edge of terrorshould infuse "IfIt Offends Thee..."
Ryder is both Banal and ous g j
and evil as he wreaks destruction. By comparison, the
chimerical creatures sprung from Malacar's nightmares seem
almost mundane. The players are up against opponents

streets are certainly worthy opponents. It is these triumphs
that are reserved for the players,
as much as the breaking of Aeon's harp or the death of
Malacar in the grand scheme of things.

I. Avs thj
y are worth every bit

Background

This story begins a day or so after the end of "The
Rambling Rover." The characters have had enough time
to recover from the adventures in Oakland, but not
enough to come to grips with the revelations they found
there. Elias, Aeon, and even Neville (through his associa-
tion with Elias ti the note at the Winery) are
untrustworthy, the villains have not been punished, and
iron weapons are still streaming into Oakland. As the
court cannot be trusted to deal with matters like this any
longer, they must take it on themselves to singlehandedly
halt the flow of cold iron blades to the south side of the bay,
before those blades find their way north.

Acc One: The Sweet

Scent of aSecup
Scene One: An Old Friend

As soon as the players let it be known they're inter-
ested in tracking down the source of the iron weapons,
LittleJohn the satyr will approach them with a whole new
batch of balloons, apparently apologetic for his actions
during the chase after the chimerical soldier and eager to
make amends. He will be extraordinarily friendly, going so
faras to give a balloon to each of the characters. Claiming
to have heard that they were looking for the pipeline into
Oakland, LittleJohn will offer them the location of one of
the major transfer points involved in the smuggling.
Smiling, he will wish them luck and stroll back along the
quiet streets, his balloons trailing after.

LittleJohn is in no way eager to make amends. In-
stead, he's made his own little deal with the devil and is in


contact, by means of a third party, with the Dauntain who
calls himself Ryder. Still smarting from his humiliation at
the players' hands over the matter of the toy soldier, he's
gone from bad to worse. LittleJohn wants revenge, and
selling his fellow Kithain out to a hunter doesn't even give
him the vaguest of moral qualms.

The balloons are chimerical, and also have the func-
tion of serving as the equivalent of tracking devices. So
] 1 . Lald c 1, 15

f the balloon geling
with the combination of Soothsay and Prop who knows
what to look for can use the balloon as a signal to home in
on, and can keep track of the balloon's holder's move-
ments.

]

The address is a dock tucked under the sk lcranes
of the Oakland waterfront. The players should be leery of
returning to Blade's stomping grounds so soon after their
last encounter, but common sense has never been a long
suit for changelings. Before the day is out, they should be
en route to Oakland once again.

Scene Two: A Near CDiss

Luckily for them, the char

itto Oakland. As they begin to drive south, they nearly run
over a little girl running across the street from the mouth
of an alley. She is obviously terrified, not even pausing to
look before darting into traffic. She will shoot the charac-
ters a look that is an unspoken plea for help, glance back
towards the alley, and then run for all she's worth in the
opposite direction before the players have enough time to
so much as roll down a window. Characters making a
Perception + Kenning roll (difficulty 7) will see a large
shape fading from sight at the back of the alley. It is
impossible to get a good look at the chimera, but it gives
an impression of far too many teeth, claws, and muscles for
anything even vaguely human. Atthat point, the squeal of
brakes and the crumpling of metal less than a block away
should convince the players that the little girl has sud-
denly acquired a higher priority than anything else, and
they should set off after her as quickly as possible.

Oandeloon

Asweetand innocentlittle girl, little Lady Dandeloon
was Sained not quite a month ago. She's attached to
Aoibhell's court in Berkeley, where her mother works as
an assistant dean at UC-Berkeley, and spends most of her
time at court watching in wide-eyed wonder. Her father,
almost completely out of her life since her parents' divorce
a year and half prior, had clapped louder than she had
when Peter Pan asked if you believed in fairies, and had
solemnly told her that she was the last little girl in the
world who still believed in fairies, and if she didn't believe

Vl 1
S never actually Make


in them they'd just go away. Of course, all this was used
against Dandeloon's father at the custody hearings, mak-
ing him look like an utter buffoon and costing him all but
the most rudimentary visiting rights.

On the other hand, this sequence of events only
reaffirmed Dandeloon's belief in her father's words, and in
her heart of hearts she knows she was turned into a fairy
because she believed in them so hard. Her mother is
constantly on the lookout for this sort of irresponsible
behavior and will have no part of it, but Dandeloon (real
name: Staceygwen Ross) has anal
slipping away when her mother's not looking. It's almost
as if the fairies were helping her...

1 LE
uncanny knack TOT

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Orchid/Peacock
House: Gwydion
Seeming: Childling
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Expression 1,
Kenning 3
Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Mythlore 1
Arts: Primal 1, Sovereign 1, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Prop 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Dreamers 1, Gremayre 1,
Resources 2, Title 1
Glamour: 8
Banality: |
Willpower: 5
Image: A model of china doll fragility, Dandeloon is
a miniature in white and gold. With long blonde hair and
an lic smile, she looks like sh g full-grown from

g E
Hollywood's idea of the perfect daughter. Dandeloon's
eyes are huge and blue, her mouth is tiny, and she has
dimples. Usually the childling is dressed impeccably in
embroidered dresses which speak of rarefied taste on
someone's part. Dandeloon's parents have had her ears

pierced, so she usually wears earrings as well.
Roleplaying Hints: You are the rarest of the rare, a
wide-eyed innocent among the sidhe. You've just come
into your fae self, and you still don't quite comprehend
}

what's going on. Y f how much power
you have yourself, and the instinct to flee every confron-
tation is strong in you. Speak earnestly and be very
impressed by everything anyone older shows you. You are

always polite, and if you're not saying "I'm sorry," you're
saying "thank you very much." When you get nervous, you
nibble on the ends of your blonde curls. People find this
adorable, but it invariably inspires loathing from other
childlings. You haven't the slightest idea why.

Scene Three: Liccle Girl Lose

When the players arrive on the scene, a cop is already
present, taking statements and clucking with dismay over
the damage. One of tl ists willb | lking
about a little girl who ran out into the street and never
even looked back, thus verifying for the players that they
are on the right track. As soon as backup arrives, the
policeman will go to work looking for Dandeloon, turning
it into a race between him and the players. If they dawdle,
the cop will find her first, cowering in a nearby doorway
and talking about monsters. In that case, it will be up to the
players to extricate the little girl from the policeman's
well-meaning but undeniably Banal clutches. This
shouldn't prove too hard to accomplish, as Dandeloon
herself is anxious to be away from the policeman.

Once they have spirited Dandeloon away, the char-
acters willl led witl prisingly matter-of-fact tale
of being chased away from her parents by "giant scary
monsters," which Dandeloon will describe as looking like
Herry Monster from Sesame Street. The monsters seem to
have taken hasing her, a disquieti i
Dandeloon is visibly shaken by her experience, despite her
thoroughly professional recitation, and will noticeably
cheer up if one of the players gives her their balloon.
Eventually Dandeloon will wander off, thanking the play-
ers gravely and promising to see them soon.

indeed.

Meanwhile, across the bay, a deadly hunter will
decide that he has been played for a fool by his supposed
contact, and he slips off into the dingy night of the
Oakland shipyards. Though he does not yet know it,
LittleJohn is in jeopardy as great as that which he intended
for the players.

Scene Lour: The Accack

As the cl to their vehicles, they are set

upon by one of the ravening chimera. The players will be
unable to determine if Dandeloon's description of the
beast is accurate, as it will appear as a whirlwind of claws,
teeth, horns, and fur. However, it is quite noticeable that
the creature has but a single eye, and that the eye is a solid
bloody red. The characters should be able to drive the
creature off, but the potential seriousness of the situation
has been brought home.

7a Va Wa it


Chimera Creatures:
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 1
Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 1

If the players decide to venture on into Oakland
tonight, they will find nothing but some empty boxes and
crushed cigarettes. There will be a taint of lingering
Banality here from Ryder's extended presence, but easily
attributed to the mythical shipments of cold iron passing
through here.

Acc Two: The Knife
Behind che Smile

Scene One:

The next day, the players will encounter a very surprised
LittleJohn. He will seem to be obviously perturbed, and will
stammer incoherent nonsense if the players approach him.
Eventually he will work his way to asking the characters how
their trip to Oakland went. Regardless of the actual answer,
LittleJohn will know that they did notmake to Oaklandin time
for Rydet's trap to be sprung. He also has a well-founded fear
that he may be next on the Dauntain's hit list, and even as he
scurries off will mumble, "Omigod, he's gonna kill me instead,"
just loud enough for the characters to hear it. Hopefully at this
point they will begin to understand that they were set up, but
any action they would be prepared to take against the vanish-
ing satyr will be short-circuited by the appearance of the
confectionery-sweet Dandeloon, asking in her little-girl voice,
"Why did you scare away the balloon man?"

‘ 1 ]

character of Mordecai,

who can be spotted lurking around the edges of the
encounter, listening in with desperate intensity. At this
point he doesn't have much to say for himself, and if the
players notice him watching he will simply blush and
make excuses while sidling off. If the pl jues

about the setup, the iron weapons, or who killed Kennedy,
he has absolutely no idea. He's got his own problems.

CDordecai

The new kid on the block for a dozen years, Mordecai
has been lurking in the fringes of his school social scene since
the day he arrived in kindergarten with a yarmulke on his
head and abook under his arm. The other kids were only too
happy to leave the weird new kid alone, and al
ever since. A hard science and math maven in school, he's
secretly a devotee of overly flowery fantasy novels (he owns
everything Anne McCaffrey's ever ) and dest |

nim

he's been

Y

longs for an escape to a world of talking dragons, friendly
unicorns and, most importantly, singing elves.

Of course, when he awakened to his fae nature he

] Js. ]

unicorns were rampant figments of the imagination, and the

elves were singing "100 Bottles of Wine on the Wall." The
{3 ' j A ] 1,4}

discovered that th unfr iendly, the

] 4; «yeh Loni if:

c mnpecition have driven Mordecai pell-mell into the arms of
Banality. He's made few Kithain friends, even among the
sluagh, and in a perverse sort of way is looking forward to his
martyrdom on the cross of his endeavors. Besides, if nobody
misses him, well, his low self image has just been vindicated.
Court: Seelie

Legacies: Hermit/Wretch

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sluagh

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 2, Expression 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 1, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 4, Enigmas 2, Law 1,
Mythlore 1, Science 3

Arts: Primal 1, Soothsaying 1, Wayfare 1

Realms: Nature 1, Prop 3, Scene 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 3

Glamour: 4

Banality: 9

Willpower: 6


Image: A thin, curly-haired waif with bags under his
eyes, Mordecai has a metabolism that would put the
average redcap to shame. Constantly seen with a snack in
his hand, Mordecai seems to be looking in three different
directions at once. He tends towards button-down shirts
and dockers; it's what looks the least ridiculous on him.
With his brown hair going in all directions, Mordecai
would seem t lecided against el i i
through the process. When not eating, he's running his
fingers through his hair or rubbing his eyes.

Wick b | e | * ]

alfway

Hi M notjust
gaunt. Th | der his ey ke him appear as if he
} flach} ye | A teak 4 tt: } .

and even. Even in sluagh guise, Mordecai tends towards
browns and grays instead of the black favored by his kith.

Roleplaying Hints: Nearly lost to Banality, you can
feel reality's cold grip at your throat. Enjoy your visions of
a world of Glamour, because you know they're going away
forever, and sooner rather than later. You're getting packed
off to Harvard in the fall, and with the pressure on you to
produce the grades and the science fair awards and the
scholarships, well, you don't have time tod m
Equal parts wistful and self-pitying, talk about yourself in
the third person and the past tense. If they can't figure out
why, they'll know soon enough.

Scene Two: The Noszage

Dandeloon will suddenly start ac

g
If pressed, she will talk about "the Bad Man" coming
closer. Other characters with Soothsay may feel the
Dauntain's approach as well. No matter where the charac-
ters go, the feeling will follow them and grow stronger.
Dandeloon will start crying, and perceptive Kithain will
notice that chimera are absent from the area. Finally, ina

curiously empty intersection, Ryder steps out of the shad-
Ws a Id

d
edgy.

iron

ows, smiling. In his hand is al
blade, and there's a cold smile in his eyes. Aside from his
low chuckle, there's silence.

Ryder has been watching the characters for a while
and has decided that they're no threat. However, since he
learned of them through LittleJohn, he's come to the
conclusion that they know where the satyr is. All he wants
is information, but he is quite persistent about getting it.
During his interrogation, he will pop every single chimeri
cal balloon with the iron knife for emphasis, save
Dandeloon's. Players may pick up a point or two of
temporary Banality from this display.

S

Ryder will also take Dandeloon with himasa hostage,
to mak tain that the not follow him too
2. 1) 1. 1 ‘9

j f,

(<q }
closely. whatever

information on LittleJohn they provide him, he will

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

return to the shadows with only a despairing wail from
Dandeloon to mark their passing.

Of course, once Ryder's gone, the Banality fades from

{the chi floodingt hese include,

of course, the one-eyed monsters of Malacar's nightmares.

Ryder

A knight of unimpeachable honor and incredible
skill, Chevalier was among the most feared sidhe when the
battles of the Accordance War raged. A brilliant tactician
and shrewd strategist, he was responsible for many of the
nobles' most lopsided victories during the course of the
fighting. He was a warrior of innate honor, though, and
refrained from the wholesale slaug! 1
some of the other sidhe deemed appropriate. Alas for
Chevalier that his life was saved by one of this kind, a Sir
Damion, on the battlefield. Sir Damion was one of those
who ruined the nocker Waylon, and he called in his debt
from Chevalier to use his prestige to force through some
proclamations aimed directly at the smith. Caught be-
tween the conflicting poles of his honor, Chevalier fulfilled
his debt and then quietly went mad.

of commoners th

It was then he joined the Dauntain. Fae existence had
become intolerable to him because of the demands it placed
on his honor; ergo, he imagined himself as removed from fae

1] +} : j li £
i MMatremadaimea i

existence. g : pain,
and a conviction that something evil was afoot in the work
of these "changelings." Now, unaware of his true self, he
hunts his former friends and foes. No one believes that it is
coincidence that he specializes in hunting sidhe.
Legacies: Savage/Paladin

Seeming: Grump


Kith: Dauntain

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 1, Kenning 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 1, Melee 4,
Security 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 3, Law 3,
Occult 1, Science 1

Arts: Primal 3, Soothsay 1, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 4, Nature 2, Prop 1, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 3

Glamour: 9

Banality: 9

Willpower: 10

Image: The most astonishing thing about Ryder is his
eyes. They're a clear gray, burning with the fires of fanati-
cism. His face is long and thin, cleanshaven when he
remembers. Almost si half feet tall, he usually wears
along black trenchcoat with plenty of room for concealed
weapons. His clothes are loose and not stylish, but they
give him freedom of movement in combat. Incongruously,
he wears John Lennon-style granny glasses, which tend to

look i ble tl 1. Ryder's
complexion is extremely pale, and while he's thin, he's
also muscular. There'snotan ounce of fat on his frame, and
no movement he makes is wasted.

As Chevalier, he dressed in rich, flowing robes of red
and gold. Under Glamour, he is garbed in glistening scale
armor the color of his abandoned robes, and the light
dancing off of this display can be dazzling. His hands
remember what his mind has forgotten, and he is equally
proficient with a sword or a 9mm pistol.

Roleplaying Hints: Blasted into Banality with un-
imaginable fury, you've lost all sense of who you once were.
All that you have left is the memory of pain and of those
who were responsible. You're going to make every last one
pay, and since they're not human, it's not really murder
now, is it? The small fry are beneath your attention, as they
tend to burn out on their own. But the so-called nobles,
well, they're targets worthy of your attention. The charac-
ters are only of interest to you insofar as LittleJohn has
linked them to Elias and Neville. Once bigger prey swims
past, the characters are off your hook. If worst comes to

I k and deal with them later.
Ir's not as if they were difficult to find the first time.

Worse, y

The chimera (there are three of them this time) will
I dingly difficultto dispatch, but they are killable.
The last turns and flees before the players exterminate it.

It will bolt down an alley right into Mordecai, who has
been secretly observing the characters. Without even
slowing down, the monster will backhand the sluagh with
a massive paw, lifting the unfortunate hacker off his feet
and into a brick wall with crushing impact. This also has
the effect of thrusting him back into the world of Banality
once and for all, a quietly horrifying moment which the
players are forced to witness. To see someone whom they
met, even briefly, on the other side of the Mists suddenly
transformed into this mundane creature should terrify
them ina way the chimeracan not. As Mordecai (now just
plain Marcus) stumbles past, the players should recognize
that there but for the grace of Glamour go they...or Ryder.

Acc Three: The ease
ngerous Game
SceneOne The Dunc

Ryder is actually not far away, having distrusted any-
thing the characters might have said about LittleJohn.
Instead } Fon Pe | ] j Jf£AN] 1 ]

i the players
when they rejoin the satyr, whom he takes for their collabo-
rator. If the pl fi

de to go find LittleJohn, figuring his
location is where they'll find Ryderand Dandeloon, all to the
good. Word on the street will be that he's calling in all of his
favors, trying to hide from something big and nasty. The
darkest rumor is that he tried to sica Dauntain on the duke,
but hould be able to pull their own story out
of the talestold of LittleJohn. Particularly good i igati
will divulge that LittleJohn has some sort of unspecified
marker from the satyr who owns Chainges, and that if he's
ever going to cash it in, now's the time.

On the other hand, if they decide to go hunting
chimera, they will be drawn into a series of running battles
that cost far more than they are worth. The one-eyed

beasts are cunning, attacking from doorways and sewer
: ae ; ;

grates. to vanish the

5 y

pping
next. Eventually even the most gung-ho monster slayer
will admit that the battle is fruitless and retreat.

In either case, sooner or later the characters will find
themselves in front of Chainges. Much to their surprise,
LittleJohn is sprawled out on the sidewalk, screaming up at
Sam the Clam that, goddammit, Hector owes him one and
that this is bigger than any grudge the redcap might have
against him. Sam the Clam's response is that he doesn't care
ifH I {I ittleJohn'sspleen etting Dauntain

on other Kithain is too low for words, and he hopes that
Ryder nails LittleJohn's butt right there on his doorstep.
i o

Sam, it must be noted, h the prophet in him.

This is the moment when Ryder makes his entrance, drag-

Chapcer Six: Scenes


h J Withi Eee
~ WwW

ging D: f the players'
registering his presence, he will draw and throw a cold iron
dagger, taking LittleJohn cleanly between the ribs. Simulta-
neously, Dandeloon will wrench herself free and run,
screaming, in the opposite direction. Ryder, if confronted
with angry characters, will laugh and make good his escape,
but Dandeloon is nowhere to be seen. As the Dauntain
vanishes, though, the chimera will once again flood back
into the area, and several who had their hunt for a certain

Pm | bates 4-1] fi Ae]
hair int p Tind thy

opportunity it. Little}ohn, meanwhile lies dying
on the sidewalk outside the club, and this may attract the

players' immediate attention.

Scene Two: To the Aid...

Sam the Clam, with any assistance from the players,
will drag LittleJohn inside where he'll at least be more
comfortable. Once the satyr's last requests (a glass of
really good Scotch and an unfil garette) have been
filled, he will haltingly apologize for his actions, leave his
hip flask Treasure as a keepsake to Hector, and most
importantly, reveal the nature of the balloons. As men-
tioned earlier, certain balloons allow the bearer to be
tracked vi bination of Sooth 1 Prop. Littlejohn
has nothing against Dandeloon, and to keep her from
coming to harm he will relate the secret of his chimera to
the players. There is nothing else he reveals before expir-
ing, then Sam suggests to the players that they get amove
on before something happens to Dandeloon.

If asked what could happen to her, Sam will point out
the hideous new chimera on the streets. Should the players
inquire further, Sam the Clam will reveal that the beasts
were created by a certain Malacar while he had the magical
Waystone embedded in his eye socket. Apparently the gem
and his consciousness didn't get along too well, and he
spawned an entire legion of nightmare-derived chimeric
monsters. As they were the products of his psyche's struggle
with his magical eye, the monsters all bear but one eye, and

e a R F353: a he'. . rom

1 1, 1 4
Mat te COLOT ot

g g ZoIng
on a tangent, Sam will then shoo the players out into the
a 1; . Part

7 Post
street just

P p g
whole story when they return...with Dandeloon.

Scene Three: The Rescue

The scene then switches to a "bug hunt" adventure,
with the players desperately trying to catch up with
Dandeloon before the chimera do. These monsters will
= ] a lL } J

1] +}
mem the

again seem

?
and dripping pure malice. If the players attempt to use the
balloon to track the little girl, it will lead them almost to
her location. However, the very last time the Art of

Soothsay makes it pinpoints a location a hundred
eet above the ground. Dandeloon has let go of the
h way to find her. Just

balloon, ar id now
then, they will hear a scream.

It's Dandeloon, of course. A half-dozen chimera have
caught up to her ina cul-de-sac, and now she's trapped. A
solid wall of nightmarish flesh is closing in on her, and the
players are her only hope of rescue. Should the characters
burst in on the scene, four of the chimera will turn to deal
with them while the other two go after Dandeloon.

Hopefully i. 1. - deaf, a le # 4 a
the day. While Ryder is simply too much for them to
handle, this fight is more their size and a worthy battle.
Once they win, Dandel hould be wide-eyed with hero
worship It's going to be very difficult for them to play down
her effusive praise, particularly when she shares it with
others, such as Sam.

Scene Lour: Homecoming

After the chimera are defeated, the players should
return with Dandeloon to Chainges. Sam will fill them in
on the events with the Waystone thus far, and suddenly a
lot of things they've seen and done will make more sense.
The coverup of Duke Aeon's "illness," for example, and
the importance of the chimerical toy soldier. As for why
the chimera were chasing Dandeloon, the best guess
anyone can come up with is that Malacar's mutilation

£. yes Brae }

made him, an yone who
was physically perfect. Dandeloon fits this description
perfectly, though the players may have to restrain them-
selves from feeding her to the nearest chimeric beast if she
says something like "Do you really think so?"

In any case, the events of "If It Offends Thee..." are
now complete. The players' reputation will rise in court,
thanks to testimony from both Sam and Dandeloon (and

just possibly Elias and Neville). More of the events of the

Immortal E ill be laid bare, and, just maybe, the
} J ybe,

characters will feel like smaller legends, too.

Sam the Clam

An import from New York, Sam arrived in Frisco in
1964 with $12, questions about his own orientation, and
two pairs of jeans. He sold one pair of jeans for enough to
stake him ina poker game, won enough at the game to buy
back his jeans and then some, and never looked back. A
successful small-time entrepreneur, Sam has built over a
half-dozen small businesses up from scratch simply for the
pleasure of making them grow. Once they became success-
ful he inevitably lost interest.

Sam's questions about both his orientation and real-
ity were answered when he met Hector. It was love at first


sight (lust for Hector, but Sam's got him reasonably well in
hand these days) as well as a startlingly late Chrysalis, but
when the dust had settled and the last streamer from the
post-Saining party had been thrown away, Hector re-
vealed to Sam his d club lik lub San Francisco
had seen before. Sam took one look at Hector's business
plan, threw it out, and had a better one written within the
hour. Since then, they've lived happily ever after. Really.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Bumpkin/Wretch

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Redcap

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 4,

Kenning 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Security 3,

Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 1, Law 3,

Occult 3, Science 1

Arts: Legerdemain 2, Primal 3, Wayfare |

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 1, Nature 1, Prop 1, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 5, Dreamers 2,

Resources 4

Glamour: 8

Banality: 4

Willpower: 9
Image: Peor

in his mortal

] 4 } £ = ra

helpless hilarity or wide-eyed horror. It's

P
not that Sam is hideous in his human form. Rather, he bears
an uncanny resemblance to the late actor who played Mr.
Hooper on Sesame Street. Those who can appreciate the
irony of the situation find this utterly hilarious, while others
are aghast at the idea of a ringer for an icon from their
childhoods being part owner of a notorious gay club. Fortu-
nately, Sam dresses a bit better than his doppleganger,
covering his stocky form in loose earthtone slacks and Nehru
shirts. He has an inexplicable fondness for Docksiders, and

S llruby stud earring in his right ear. Occasionally,
when he feels the need to be businesslike, Sam will put on
black, thick rimmed glasses. There is always a notepad and
Cross pen in his shirt pocket, and he wears a silver pocket
watch that was a gift from Hector.

As far as Sam's redcap mien goes, well, he's rather cute
for one of his kith. While his smile does stretch from ear to

ear, it is a smile as opposed to a snarl, and while his face is
4 s i em |

lined 1, there i h in his glowing

red eyes. Often seen in white poet's shirt with gray pirate

pants and a cloth-of-gold belt, Sam prefers keeping a large,
hick chimeric dagger pl i fi in his right boot, where
he can getat it easily. A smaller blade can be found in his belt,

and a chimeric cutlass also dangles at his hip.

Roleplaying Hints: Life may be a party, but someone
has to make sure that nobody runs out of chips. That's why
you and Hector make such a great couple. He comes up with
the pie-in-the-sky ideas and you figure out what it takes to
make a pie fly. Still whimsical, you are firmly grounded in
practicality, to the point where several of your best friends
are boggans. All of tk ils of running Chaing lef
you, and you handle them exceedingly well. Once you

decide something's worth doing, you'll do it come hell or
4A: a, 1

high water. Of course, c« ynvincing you is y
different, and despite your mild demeanor you've got a flair
for profanity few other Kithain can match.

Hector is your life partner, and the two of you havea
wonderfully strong relationship. Chainges is the culmina-
tion of both of your dreams, and it's as much a part of the
relationship as anything else. You are protective of Hector,
but onlyd this under the direst of circumstances.
If people can't see why the two of you are together, don't
bother explaining. They're obviously not worth the effort.

a
LU IMAG

Gallam, Drodigals,
and Ocher

Scrangers

For it takes a stranger to understand

What the wind says in a strange, strange land.

— The Oyster Band, "This Year, Next Year"

It isn't surprising that Kithain are far from the only
non-human denizens of the bay area. They are merely the
most numerous. But that hardly means that there is any
dearth of Kindred, Garou, Awakened humans, or nunnehi.
As for the wraiths of the dead, San Francisco is blessed
with an abundance. The Kithain of Goldengate and its
environs move through a world that at times seems to be
populated with more supernatural beings than natural
ones.

The Prodigals, it must be noted, play their own games
within the city and rarely stoop to involve the local
Kithain in their politicking. When the Kindred prince of
the city declares a Blood Hunt ona particularly rambune-
tious anarch, he does not seek the approval of Duke Aeon
before doing so. In fact, he is most likely unaware of the
duke's existence. Still, these are beings of power and of
majesty, forces to be reckoned with. Just because they
don't ordinarily include the Kithain of the city in their
plans doesn't mean that they aren't willing to make room.

Below are some of the other beings that player char-
acters are likely to meet in the bay area. These are not the
most potent representatives of their kind, just the ones
whom the characters may well have some opportunity to
interact with. Don't feel restricted to these characters
when dealing with the Prodigals or nunnehi of Goldengate.
Feel free to flesh out those characters mentioned in pass-
ing, or to add your own as well.


‘The Gallamn

You offered me an eagle's wing

That to the sun I might soar and sing

And if I heard the owl's cry

Into the forest I would fly

And in its darkness find you by.

— Loreena McKennitt, "Samhain Night"

autonomy

The nunnehi of Pacifica h
}] | Cm |

unmatcl Kingdom of the Burning
Sun. The combination of their still-potent powers, their
effective alliance with the Garou, and Queen Aeron's
aissez-faire attitude have created a climate that allows
native changelings more power and freedom than they
might have achieved otherwise. Indeed, Aeron often
receives speakers from nunnehi tribes as representatives of
foreign powers, and has declared that the rulers of the

nunnehi nations in Pacifi treated p

equivalent to that commanded by Duchess Aoibhell. This
caused no small scandal, but the point was made and stuck.
Aeron (and by extension, all of the Pacificans) gained
some respect in the eyes of the nunnehi for this gesture,
even though it still held the seeds of condescension. Still,
® a ‘: ] A ia | 1% |

also caught between two forms, seal and human, never
precisely one or the other.

Selkies f di at once playful
and practical, shy and outspoken. They are also highly
sexual, but practice neither the lusty promiscuousness of
the satyrs nor the courtly love of the sidhe. A selkie's
appeal i land : | | .
a mate, he will stay with her only until called away by his
other love and other nature. A selkie is at once both seal
and human, and if taken too far from the shoreline, he will
pine away and his faerie portion will die.

Unlike pookas, or hapect lik
selkies are skinchangers. When one takes human shape, he
physically puts aside his sealskin. Selkie skins, like all fae
things have mortal Seemings PL ing y hi of
sealskin belts or stoles to greatcoats or even wetsuits. A
selkie's skin contains his Glamour, as well as his fae essence.

|| SR

is lost, stolen or taken by force, he can use no
fae magics until he regains it. If someone destroys a selkie's
skin, the selkie's fae self will die—and the mortal may as well
(see below). Luckily selkie skins are resilient things and the
life and Glamour within may only be destroyed by cold iron
orfire.Coldirond | lkie's fi unless
it damages his sealskin, though cold iron can still do consid-
erable damage to his mortal form.

When a selkie dies, her Glamour — and her skin —
J on to another human with selkie blood running

with respect in the courts of the bay area on the occasions
when they choose to visit.

Of course, most of their real business is conducted far
from the silly, busy Kithain of the cities. There are nunnehi
freeholds that no other Kithain know of, and places of
power that they share with Garou. They are also quite
aware of the machinations within the city courts, and are
watching with growing unease the encroachment of the
Shadow Court in Oakhold and its environs. As yet, the
nunnehi have reached no consensus as to what action to
take on the matter, but this is because they are cautious,
not ignorant.

Selkies

Though the selkies take no active part in the politics
of the Goldengate, they are very mucha part of it. Both the
sea and the bay are vital parts of ther cities economy, and
seldom is a descision made reguarding either of them in
which the seal folk are not somehow involved.

Selkies are fae neither of the Overwater (boggans,
redcaps, sidhe, etc.) nor the Undersea (merfolk, merrows,
etc.) but of the continually shifting shoreline. They are

I
in his veins. Selkies give favor to kinain and those with a
love of the sea, who then become Kithain. The new selkie
soon learns the trick of changing his skin, as well as how
to pass on the Glamour to a skin of his own choosing. On
s, one of aselkie's seal d learns the

trick of loosing her skin. These selkies are greeted with
great joy, not only because of their rarity, but because their
i h her sealskin to keep the Glam-

our of the kith alive.

(\ppearance:

In human form, selkies are sleek and attractive, their
only telling marks their large liquid eyes and the slight
webbing between their fingers and toes. To fae Kenning,
these traits are somewhat more exaggerated, and selkies
also tend to drip chimeric water wherever they go. The
Seeming of their seal form appears as a normal harbor or
harp seal, though those with Fae sight may see through this
guise with a roll of Wits + Kenning (difficulty 6).

Seemings:

¢ Childlings are happy and playful, sunning them-
| 4 L 4.) 5 4 +} 1 dp Ol

selves on Older

selkies keep a watchful eye on these pups, and usually

Appendix

VISA A


encourage them to stay at home, so long as home is
‘ 1 k Pa tia} h)

r £ J

® Wilder selkies travel the coastlines, both with their
seal and human kin. Romances of the "girl in every port"
variety are also common, though these are generally
extended relationships, not satyrish one-night-stands.
¢ Grumps are very rare among the selkies. When a
finds himself ing |, he will usually pass on
his sealskin (and Glamour) to a younger, more vital heir.

ey a

ifescyles:

Selkies are only found on the coastlines. In older days,
they tended to take jobs as sailors or fishermen, but
modern times have made surfing, sunbathing and beach-
combing far more popular. This, of course, is when they're
not spending their lives as seals.

Affinicy:
Nature
Birchrighzs:
Seal's Beauty: All Selkie's have a natural animal

magnetism, increasing their Charisma by +2, but only
4 a ‘ } 1 j

with reg: PP (orthose
to their sex) and only in those situations where animal
magnetism applies. Seal's Beauty aids Seduction and Lead-
ership, but has few uses for Intimidation or Subterfuge.
Ocean's Grace: A Selkie may lower the difficulty for
all Dexterity rolls by two when in the water, and moreover
can never botch a Swimming roll, even in human form.
However, the difficulty for all Dexterity rolls is raised by
one when on dry land.

Lrailcies:

Longing of the Ocean Shore: Selkies are creatures of

i li For ty day Tki i y from the
ocean shore, she gains an extra point of temporary Banal-
ity until her Banality exceeds her Glamour and she forgets
her selkie nature. A selkie may erase this Banality (even
permanent Banality) by spending a day in her altershape
for each point gained, but selkies lost to their fae natures
4 s rm 1 L 13 ) os 1 4j

by forcibly placing them in their skins and dropping them
in the sea. This abrupt change runs the risk of Bedlam,
though it is often the only therapy that works. Sadly, even
this is often not enough....

Seal Coat: If a selkie's sealskin is destroyed, her fae
self is destroyed forever. In addition, the mortal that
remains must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 8). Failure
means that the character enters a coma; a botch indicates
that the character dies.

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

Decuharicies:

Selkies are skinchangers. A selkie will change from
human Seeming to seal whenever he puts his skin on and
immerses himself in sea water. This change is automatic
and requires no roll or expenditure of Glamour. If a selkie
wishes to regain human form, he must loose the corner of
his skin (undo a button, unzip a wetsuit collar, etc.) and
break the ocean's surface. Without his skin, a selkie
cannot take his seal form or perform any other changeling
magic apart from Kenning and his Birthrights. However,
the connection between a selkie and his skin is so strong
that he can sense its location with a Wits + Kenning roll
(difficulty 7). Asa selkie's sealskin is his skin, he can also
feel it any time it is touched or damaged.

Chote:
"I'm sorry, my love. I must go. The sea calls me. But
I'll return. I promise."

Ouclook

Boggans — They love their work like we love
the sea, but they gossip worse than mermaids and
fishwives. The way to live life is to live it, not talk
about the way other people live.

Eshu — Wonderful storytellers and travellers,
but few have seen the beauty of the Undersea.

Nockers — They're great for repairing your
boat engine or mendinga sail, but so what? There are
dozens of human craftsmen just as clever.

Pooka — Listen, they're shapeshifters, we're
skinchangers. There's a great deal of difference be-
tween the two. And there are better pastimes than
trying to annoy the sidhe.

Redcaps — They're sharks that walk on two
legs and wear little red hats.

Satyrs — Why don't they just buy themselves
inflatable dolls? For all they know of lovemaking, it
would make as much difference.

Sidhe — The only changelings more full of
themselves are the merfolk, though the sidhe would
die if they ever found out.

Sluagh — So they want to be mysterious. Let
them.

Trolls — There's no reason they should fight
for the sidhe, or even fight anybody. A few are even
sensible enough to realize it.


Walk through the door like your brother before

A lifetime remains until dawn

The trees seem to say you'll be passing this way

In the blink of an eye you'll be gone.

— Boiled in Lead, "Walk Through the Door"

San Francisco is relatively light on Kindred for a city
of itssize. Tl ity of I ltypes
tends to keep the vampiric population down. A major
Kindred stronghold is the Bank of America, wholly owned
and operated by the Giovanni, and there is a growing
Sabbat presence across the bay in Oakland. There are
rumored links between both the Sabbat and the Ventrue
as well. The lines k Iders and | muddled
here, and for every clan head who espouses many liberal

reforms, there's an anarch fortable with her agenda

£
FOUNeT

being co-opted and demanding a return to a more tradi-
tional (and adversarial) social hierarchy.

CDorc

Originally a denizen of Milwaukee, Mort Sheaffer
had a brief career as a Green Bay Packers linebacker before
a knee injury abruptly sidelined him for good. As he had
been counting on a long and profitable career in football,
Mort hadn't done much in the way of preparation fora life
outside of the NFL, and quickly found himself completely
broke. Scraping together what was left of his pride, he took
ajob in one of Milwaukee's many beer bottling plants and
soon abandoned the airs and arrogance that had marked
his playing days. The only indulgence he allowed himself
to work off his incredible rage at the way things had turned
out was his decidedly antisocial habit of slipping small
dead rodents into the occasional beer bottle when his
supervisor wasn't looking.

This unpleasant activity tweaked the curiosity of the
Nosferatu Kristian, one of the childer of the unpleasant
Parovich and a football fan who had been mightily im-
pressed with Mort Sheaffer's crunching hits. The young
vampire interrupted Mort mid-mouse one night and Em-
braced him, bitterly depressed to the depths which one of
his athletic heroes had sunk. The shock of the Embrace,
along with Kristian's palpable disappointment in him,
shook Mort into some sort of vague moral respectability,
and he quickly took it on himself to serve as a sort of
guardian of the streets. This activity, of course, did not
meet with the approval of dear old Grandsire Parovich,
who went after Mort with the intention of teaching the

neonate some respect for his elders. Mort, however, had
heard enough of Parovich from Kristian to recognize his
danger and hightailed it out of town. Bouncing from city
to city, he soon found himself in San Francisco, where he
fulfills his old role of street protector. Even though he has
only been in the city a matter of months, very little
happens to members of the street community without
Mort knowing it.

Clan: Nosferatu

Generation: 9th

Nature: Jester

Demeanor: Judge

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

MA. 2 ]

Social: Charisma 2, 1, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Initimidation 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 1

T led Ty

g g 2, Medicine 1, Politics 2
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 3, Fortitude 1,
Obfuscate 3, Potence 2, Protean |

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Generation 4, Herd 3
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 8

Image: Mort's face looks like a prune that someone
left in a microwave for a week. He is the most hideous
Nosferatu that the bay area has encountered, and as such
has gotten very good at Mask of a Thousand Faces to cover
it up. Six feet, three inches tall, he maintains his football


player's build and shows no ill effects of his long-ago knee
injury. When Mort decides to dominate a room with his
physical presence it really doesn't take much effort.
Mort's wardrobe is blandly simple. Usually he can be
found wearing a long, dirty trenchcoat, blue jeans,
shitkicker boots and a Harvard University sweatshirt.
More often than not there isa battered fedora pulled down
over his wrinkled brow, and on occasion Mort carries a
Desert Eagle tucked into the waistband of his jeans.
Roleplaying Hints: You are probably San Francisco's
only jolly Nosferatu, and get a huge kick out of the
confusion this causes. You like singing at the top of your
withered lungs as you tromp down sewer tunnels (David
Lee Roth's "Just a Gigolo" is a favorite), and if you fall in
with others you'll insist they sing as well. Make wiseass
comments in a deadpan rasp, and don't be shy about
letting others know when they've screwed up. You've got
a heart of bronze (if not gold) and a soft spot for the
underdog, and you'll do what you can to help a struggling
kid out. However, when push comes to shove you're all
business. Ina fight you're deadly, and you'll use a knee (or
a bullet) to the crotch without hesitation if it'll help you
win the fight faster. All of the macho bullshit from your
football playing days has been burned out of your system,
and | im pl in your talent for f h
}

y I
j fficiently. Still, that only ha

=

ppens people pi
you off, and you don't like to get pissed off. If people would

just leave you to your business you'd be much happier.
Probably, so would they.

Roland Scolezfus

A Swiss expatriate, Roland was sent to art school in
Paris just before World War II broke out. Trapped in the
city, but relatively privileged because he spoke German,
Roland was caught in the middle of the struggle between
his Toreador professors and the depraved Kindred who
sided with the occupying Nazis. An accidental witness to
a battle between certain of his professors and Kindred

ee Ie | 4 4 :

So Ls
the Embrace or die. Ever practical, he chose the Embrace
and spent the next few decades honing his somewhat
unusual sculpting skills. However, America (and the lure
of big bucks from a show in New York) beckoned, and he
packed his bags for an opening in the Big Apple.

The show proved a disaster. The critics panned
Roland's art while the Sabbat played games with him.
Before the week was out, he'd broken and fled west. He
didn't stop until he'd reached the artist-friendly commu-
nities of San Francisco, where he rented a studio, bought

Pr ledd thatthe critics
couldn't ignore. That was in 1974. He'sstillat it. While on

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

pleasant enough terms with the other Toreador of the city
(especially Daphne, the clan elder), he tends to merely
hang in the background and listen rather than flit about
the parties. He is also acquainted with Rasputin, whose
poetry he appreciates, and whom he will often inform as to
the direction of the artistic currents that the great and
mighty of the Toreador swim in.

Clan: Toreador

Generation: 12th

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Loner

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

]

Social: Charisma 3, Manig 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Stealth 1

I led I i 2, Linguistics 3, Occult 1

8 g
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Presence 2
Backgrounds: Fame 2, Generation 1, Herd 4,
Resources 3
Humanity: 5
Willpower: 7

Image: Roland is quite handsome in aslick, Euro-guy
sort of way. 5'7" and starvation-thin, he has asmooth face
but a sculptor's calloused hands. His dirty blonde hair is
slicked back and pulled into a shoulder-length tail. Inde-
pendently wealthy, he wears hand-tailored white shirts
and grey suits ranging from slate to charcoal. There is a
diamond stud earring in his right ear, and he usually wears


expensive sunglasses as well. Otherwise, Roland doesn't
wear much jewelry, and he hasn't been seen in a tie in
twenty years. Nor, for that matter, has he been seen in

attire that is less than formal. His students (of whom there
}

are avery few) claim that | waist to work, but
then again, very few have ever seen him work. What is
known is that his torso is lined with scars and burns from

j ] Ahi) 1} Ezek in

his work with jagg )
the face of fire when sculpting is inspiring. His face,
however, remains unlined.

Roleplaying Hints: In a word, be diffident. You take
no sides in politics, not any longer. What you hear, you
pass on freely, but you refuse to plot and scheme. You've

| in th y hes <nows that you're
a true neutral, so at this point you're mainly left alone.

Your wit is dry and shaken, not stirred. Your com-
ments are sharp and to the point, and you do not suffer
fools gladly. Anyone demonstrating themselves to be an
ignoramus in matters of either art or common sense will
draw nothing but your scorn, and that scorn is of exceed-

ingly high quality.
Derry Commons
Once a retiring proto-academic, Perry has taken a

slight deviation from his original career path. In the
middle of his PhD in Economics at Stanford, Perry at-
2

trac assady, the 6th-generation Brujah
who makes San Francisco her base for forays around the
world. Cassady sensed a serious streak of rebellion deep
within the student's buttoned-down exterior, and also
realized that all the revolutionary cant in the world means
nothing if you don't have anything ready to set up the day

after the revolution. Clan Brujah, for all its posturing and
anarchistic raving, had no idea of what to do after over-
throwing the powers that be, and Cassady and certain of
her fellow Iconoclasts recognized that the clan's knowl-
edge of subjects like economics, engineering, and urban
design was sadly lacking. With that in mind, she and her
compatriots set out on a detailed plan to Embrace up-and-
coming experts in these and other essential disciplines.
Commons was one of the first taken under this ambitious
program, and stands as one of its few successes.

Cassady nursed Perry through his first frenzy and
informed that she wished him simply to take the next few
decad bserve Kind y, then to report back to
her with judgements, recommendations, and a detailed
plan for action. When asked how he could contact her if
he needed her, Cassady just smiled and vanished. Perry
found himself alone in an abandoned tenement in Oak-
land, with no one but the night for company.

That was in 1974. Since then, he's wandered the bay
area, with occasional forays east. He's respected by the
Brujah of the region (and by most of the other Kindred
who are aware of his existence) as the one of the strongest
clan members around, but in matters of Kindred politics he
observes rather than acts. He does find the adrenaline rush
of combat addictive, and often finds himself neglecting hi
mission for Cassady in order to play "white knight" to
damsels in distress. A great many members of the vampiric
community owe Perry favors for vari i lered
and he has no hesitation about calling on any of these. It's
not wise to refuse when Perry req patriation, as the
aged Tremere Mishka found out. After one of Mishka's
experiments in Thaumaturgy had gone horribly wrong, it
was Perry who put down the demon-possessed result and
saved Mishka's life. When the Tremere, relying on the fact
that he had a century and a half of experience over the
callow Brujah, refused to reciprocate favors, within a week
he was found stapled to his door frame with roughly hewn
stakes. An "anonymous" phone call to the chantry ten
minutes before sunrise was all that saved the Russian
Tremere from a terminal suntan, and Perry's reputation
went up several notches as a result.

Clan: Brujah

Generation: 7th

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Loner

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2


Skills: Animal Ken 2, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Finance 4, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Medicine 2, Occult 2

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 3, Potence 2,
Protean 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Generation 6, Mentor 4,
Resources |

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Image: Perry is large but not hulking. He tends to
blend into the corners of rooms, and often people won't
even realize he's been there until he's left. An inch over six
feet tall, he has sandy blonde hair that had just started to
recede. Perry has a broad face, with a short scar just over
his left eye. He also has what looks like a bite taken out of
his left ear.

Tending towards the drab in wardrobe, Perry is fond
of khakis and solid-color t-shirts. He wears a long leather
coat with a sawed-off shotgun slung underneath, and he
generally keeps at least one other holdout in either his
boot or under his left arm. Perry also has a pair of wire-
rimmed glasses for reading, and very few people indeed
know about them. He tends to be sensitive on such issues.

Roleplaying Hints: Wandering the streets and look-
ing for trouble is your favorite hobby. Keep up a running
commentary about how hopeless the situation is, even as
you shred your way out of it. You've got a bit of a Lone
Ranger complex to satisfy, and love swinging in to the
rescue when things look bleakest. Do what you can to
conceal your extensive formal education. After all, who'd
respect a Brujah with a graduate degree, particularly in
such an unBrujah-esque field as economics?

8-Ball (Leon hice)

A child of Oakland's streets, Leon saw firsthand what
money and power could do when his brother, taking the
fall for a wealthy white drug dealer, was sentenced to life
imprisonment. The dealer, against whom there was a
much stronger case, received a suspended sentence and
probation. As Leon's father had died some years previous,
this left the teenaged Leon as the man of the house. Forced
ibiliti beyond his years, ultivated an

into respo
image of toughness to protect both himself and his family.
As tough as things got, though, he never stooped to
working for the drug dealers running in and out of his
neighborhood. He blamed the dealers and the system
equally for what had happ 1 to his brother, and while he
wasn't stupid enough to make any grandiose plans of
vengeance, he wouldn't refuse the opportunity if such
came along.

Immortal Cyes: Toydox

Inevitably, the opportunity did. T.J. McMillan, a
local Ventrue looking for an edge on his more established
rivals across the bay, saw a tremendous potential in the
depressed neighborhoods of Oakland and Richmond.
However, he also realized that as a transplanted good ol'
boy, he was unlikely to be the one to realize this potential.
YW = | L ld

t someone s his voice

and will in the places he couldn't go, and after six months
of observation he settled on Leon. Intelligent enough to
know that a willing ally is always more useful than a
resentful subordinate, McMillan made 8-Ball an offer he
wouldn't refuse: the power to clean the streets and the
PP ity tochange the system. His family would still be
cared for; McMillan would see to that. 8-Ball leapt at the
chance, and has been working with McMillan ever since.
The partnership functions reasonably well; McMillan
grants 8-Ball the respect he craves, while 8-Ball offers
McMillan access to a world he'd never be able to reach
otherwise. However, as others of the clan are actually
backing the dealers running Oakland's streets (including
Sir Blade), 8-Ball's efforts have met with less success than
i ing fi { with both his lack

he would like. I

g
of progress and, by extension, McMillan as well.

Clan: Ventrue

Generation: 9th

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Bravo

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3


Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Streetwise 3, Sense
Deception |

Skills: Drive 1, Fast Draw 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3,
Security 2, Stealth 2
Tk \ a | R

2 1, Law 1, Linguistics 1,
Politics 1, Gambling 1, Theology 1
Disciplines: Celerity 2, Dominate 2, Potence 3,
Presence
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Generation 4,
Mentor 3, Resources |
Humanity: 7
Willpower: 7

Image: With gleamingly shaved head and and corded
neck, Leon (or 8-Ball, as he much prefers to be known) is
a picture-perfect gangsta. He eschews gang colors, prefer-
ting black denim and a cutoff vest of the same materials.
Even in the middle of the night, he wears mirrored shades,
adding to his i bility. He is al |
handgun (one of many selected from a large collected for
the occasion) gleaming prominently. A mere 5' 8", 8-Ball
has worked hard to bulk up, but it's hard to build muscle
after death and he's not quite as built as he'd like to be.

with his

Roleplaying Hints: You take real pleasure in punc-
turing others' illusions, particularly those who look at you
{simply Well-camouflaged asa gangsta,
you're far more at home in the boardroom than your
Ventrue fellows would like to think. Your street image is
quite useful in maintaining your own power base, and
you're content to wait for your plans come to fruition in
the projects before you take them to the skyscrapers.
When you meet others, play your role to the hilt and if
people take it at face value, well, they're that much easier
to manipulate. If they see through your act, then either try
to enlist them as allies or liquidate them depending on
your gut impression of them. You passionately hate drugs
and dealers, and give such types will receive absolutely no
mercy. You're not a sadist, just a realist; your reality simply

includes an awful lot of pain for people who get you angry.

Garou
When the senses
Are shaken, and the soul is driven to madness,
Who can stand? When the souls of the oppressed
Fight in the troubled air that rages,
Who can stand?
— William Blake, "Lullaby"

se f 4]

San Franci tothe Garou in almost direct
y
proportion to its unfriendliness to the Kindred. There are

more werewolves here than in just about any other major

city in North America, drawn by the relaxed atmosphere
and eco-friendly politics. Many live on the Peninsula,
occasionally interacting with the Edge of the Labrys, but
there are quite a few Glass Walkers lurking in Silicon
Valley as well. The Bone Gnawer population of San
Francisco is on the rise as well, as word gets round of the
relatively easy pickings.

There are many bay as they are places
of power for others as well, the Garou often share them
with nunnehi. There is an unspoken mutual aid pact
between the two groups, and Queen Aeron generally

id | ve £, C

f policy.
Ofall the Kithain rulers, Countess Evai f the
werewolves than any other. Certain sept leaders have
observed her dealings with the selkies, and hold her to be
trustworthy.

Rufus CDcLaren (‘Nands-of-
CDany-Cotors))

Rufus is a street artist of rare talent but thin wallet.
Walked through his First Change in an alley by a sympa-
thetic band of Bone Gnawers, he later itl peri
into a series of chalk drawings on the concrete of United
Nations Plaza. Curious spectators watched his perfor-
mance and filled his cap with coins, and Rufus figured out
that he was onto a good thing. Now he does his chalk
drawings as often as he can, usually in areas with high
tourist flowthrough. Ona good day koutahalf-
dozen pieces on the pavement of the city's various parks,
always staying one step ahead of the police. His work has

won some admiration from critics, and the San Francisco
Herald-Examiner has run several pieces on him.
Most of Rufus' pieces have had explicit G |
which most observers mistake for some sort of Native
American style. Rufus knows several nunnehi, and would
never show that kind of disrespect for them by aping their
artistic traditions. Rather, he works in his own style,

creating timeless images that a thin drizzle can wash away
in an instant.

Rufus is actually a regular at the Toybox (Fizzlewig
gives him free coffee in exchange for his doing a mural in
front of the shop once per month) and knows most of the
Kithain who frequent the place. To them, he is affection-
ately known as "Roof," and several times he has worked
their fae miens into his art as well.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Bone Gnawer

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4)


as

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2)
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Expression 5,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Melee 1, Performance 4,
Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Law 1, Medicine 2, Rituals 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 1, Rites 1
Gifts: (1) Cooking, Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2)
Blissful Ignorance
Rank: 2
Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6
Rites: Gathering for the Departed, Rite of Cleansing,
Rite of the Opened Caern
Fetishes: Harmony Flute

Image: In Homid form, Rufus is a tall, freckled,
slightly gangly youth with black-rimmed glasses and a
permanent slouch. He has close-cropped, shockingly red
hair. Most of the time he wears j | hi
when the temperature rises into the 90s.

¥y,

even

the ribs on his Lupus form, though, and
even his muzzle seems a little too thin to be seemly. His fur
isshort and grey, and it doesn't hide in the slightest the fact
that Rufus hasn't been eating well for a while now. His
pawsare disproportionately large, and both of his frontfeet
have six toes on them.

Roleplaying Hints: Say "Errrm" and "Excuse me" a
lot. You've got absolutely no self-confidence, and it shows.
Anyone can argue you out of a position, at least until you
get absolutely furious. When you get mad it's a different

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

story, but it takes so much to get you to that point that you
hardly ever snap. Anything you find you'll automatically
tell others about, simply to get Ise's opini t
what you've done is praiseworthy. If someone compli-
ments you, they must be your friend and want to spend
time with you. If they tell you to buzz off, it must be your
fault.

(Uears-QDany-Scories

A lupus from the Sierra Nevadas, Wears-Many-Sto-
ries has edged closer and closer to the city as the years have
passed. Originally she hated humans as much as any Red
Talon, but Luna brought her a series of visions that would
seem toh hanged her opinion somewhat. What these
visions were she did not say, but when pressed she stated
that there is a story she has been commanded to tell, and
that she has chosen the manner of telling. With these
cryptic words, she changed into Homid form for the first
time and, with coaching from a friendly Uktena, took her
first faltering steps towards the city.

These days Wears-Many-Stori kes approxi |
one trip a month into San Francisco. There Jayne, as she
is know, frequents a tattoo parlor named Slaphappy's on
Polk Street. She's even made halting friends with some of
the clientele, including the odd troll and redcap, and if
heir aid. On the other hand, the
city still both terrifies and enrages her, and she makes
certain to get a little of Gaia's work in as well every time
she comes to the city.

asked might well

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Red Talons

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (5/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Athletics 1, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Melee 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4

Knowledges: Occult 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 2, Rites 3

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Scent of
Running Water; (2) Scent of Sight, Sense the
Unnatural, Sense Silver

Rank: 2

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 5


Rites: Baptism of Fire, Moot Rite, Rite of Contrition,
Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite of Passage, Rite of
Summoning, Rite of the Totem, Rite of Wounding,
Satire Rite
Fetishes: Phoebe's Veil

Image: Wears-Many-Stories is a handsome she-wolf
with glowing russet fur and a proud line to her jaw. She

travels in Homid form far more often than is normal for her

tribe, and does so for the explicit purpose of receiving a

series of tattoos. The pictures, forming the images of a tale
. |

S now cover

whichno one save Wears-Many
more than a quarter of her Homid form, and are of
exceptional craftsmanship. While passing
has a narrow face and brown hair which falls wild to her
waist.

uman she

Roleplaying Hints: It is vital that your story, however
it ends, be completed on your flesh before you die. Ever
ready for a fight, you prefer intelligent combat where you
have achance of winning to the old stand-up-and-slug-it-
out methods, which usually got an awful lot of Garou
killed. You're interested in strategy and tactics, and often
despair of bringing your tribe elders any closer to a real
understanding of the strategies afforded by modern tech-
nology. When in doubt, kill
say "I told youso." You win more arguments that way than

q+}
ig your Way and Ujen

any other.

Andrea CdacNitnoc (Watks
Sideways

Her First Change did nothing to change Andrea's
politics. She had always been a committed environmen-

d di: < J

talist there was areal and imperative
reason tO get serious reason to get moving on matters
environmental suited her just fine. All of her business
training was now directed towards the Garou cause of
stopping the Wyrm or, as she puts it in her consulting
presentations, "Turning Your Company Intoa Lean, Green
Sales Machine." Andrea's innovation is to demonstrate
how profitable it is to be environmentally sound, if one is
willing to look past the immediate costs of cleaning up
one's operations. Her reasoning is that if you can demon-
strate to humans that it's going to make them money to
fight the Wyrm, they'll do it. So far she's been proven
right, and her firm, Green Weave Enterprises, is astonish-
ingly profitable. Operating from the heart of San Francisco's
business district, Andrea prefers when in Lupus form to
run free in the forests of the peninsula, and has coordi-
nated strategies with the Edge of the Labrys on numerous
occasions.
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Glass Walker
Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina | (3/4/4/3)
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Primal-Urge
4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Performance
4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 4, Investigation 2, Linguistics
3, Occult 1, Politics 1, Science 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 3, Rites 2
Gifts: (1) Control Simple Machine, Persuasion,
Truth of Gaia; (2) Call to Duty; (3) Control Complex
Machine
Rank: 3
Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7
Rites: Baptism of Fire, Rite of Ostracism, Rite of the
Questing Stone, Rite of Spirit Awakening
Fetishes: None

Image: Andrea is a 5' 4", strikingly beautiful blonde
with blue eyes the color of lake ice. She's slender but not
anorexic, and has smile lines at the corner of her eyes. Her
hair is curly rather than straight, and it tumbles down past
her shoulderblades. In Lupus form Andrea's fur is tawny,
almost golden. She isa slender, lithe wolf who runs low to
the ground yet is quite a capable leaper. While in wolf
form, one of Andrea's eyes goes green while the other
maintains its unearthly blue.

Appendix


Roleplaying Hints: You're the image of self-conti-
dence. You've got the perfect way to make an end run
around the servants of the Wyrm to make the humans do
your cleaning up for you. Now all it'll take is a little bit of
elbow grease to get things rolling and then watch out!
Your enthusiasm is infectious, and people talking with you
can't help agreeing that your ideas are going to work just
fine. Always have charts, diagrams, and visual aids with
you. You never know when you're going to need them.

CDages

No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife between the
shoulder blades will seriously cramp his style.

— Steven Brust, Jhereg

One thing few Kithain dislike about living in San
Francisco is all the damned mages. Fortunately, Frisco is
primarily a Tradition city, being especially friendly to
Virtual Adepts and Sons of Ether. There's a strong neo-
pagan community in San Francisco, providing a friendly
base for Verbena and Dreamspeakers as well. While the
Technocracy does have a strong presence in Pacifica, it is
concentrated further up the coast, at major research and
software concerns up in Washington State. Hollow Ones
by the score wander the streets, and one cannot help but
wonder if the existence of so many Orphans is part of
someone's plan. It hardly seems likely that so many could
arise otherwise.

Several Traditions' worth of mages have a very real
interest in the Kithain of Pacifica. From a particular Son of
Ether at UC-Berkeley whose interest in chimeric-powered

ines isfar more tl lemi he sinister Euthanatos

136 Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

barabbi in the Haight who has entered into an unholy
partnership with a redcap, a great many of San Francisco's
if not well-inf d, of th fthe
Kithain. While the finer details of changeling existence as
yet escape most of the Awakened, they're working on it.

Bink

Bink is a quiet one. Of course, she's also off of her
rocker, as far as most of her friends even within the
Siblinghood of Ether are concerned. Obsessed with her
concept of "Transtemporality," she has been a fixture in
the labs of UC-Berkeley for as long as anyone can remem-
ber. She's got transcripts going back every year for at least
the last decade, and shows up for more classes than any
student in theirright mind ought to, but remains a mystery
in terms of her actual status. In fact, she's become some-
thing of a campus legend, and among certain of the more
traditionally geeky social groups you're not considered to
have arrived on campus until you've been "Binked" (i.e.
hauled off into a long, fascinating discussion on some
utterly bizarre subject or other). Even her rare critics speak
highly of her as a person; they simply can't understand
what she's talking about most of the time.

Bink's latest enthusiasm, the latest in a long line of
truly outré ideas, is discovering the power that the an-
cients labeled "pixie dust," and using it to power an engine
with sheer imagination. This, she imagines, will outper-
form any sports car on the road, being environmentally
sound to boot. The one drawback, however, is that her
research inescapably shows that pixie dust comes from
ground-up pixies, and how she's going to get those (or an
unreasonable facsimile thereof) is anyone's guess.
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Conniver
Essence: Questing
Tradition: Sons of Ether
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Awareness 4, Dodge 2, Expres-
sion 1, Intuition 3, Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Research 5, Technology 4
Knowledges: Computer 4, Cosmology 3, Investigation
1, Science 4
Backgrounds: Arcane 1, Avatar 2, Destiny 2, Library
3, Mentor 3
Spheres: Forces 2, Matter 3, Mind 1, Time 1
Willpower: 8
Arete: 4
Quintessence: 2


Image: Bink is a small woman in her mid-forties with
long brown hair and elfin features. She is fine-boned,
barely reaching five feet in height, and bounces from
medieval garb to business suits depending on how she's
feeling. Most observers will swear that her eyes are actually
black, and they hold a piercing gaze. She wears an alexan-
drite ring on her right hand that changes color depending

upon the light, and when no one important is looking, she
5 | i } ¥ j-] ae } SS,

th polychro-

is o— br
matic handheld laser generator," a toy with no other
purpose. Bink was in a severe motorcycle accident several
years back, and sometimes walks with a limp.
Roleplaying Hints: Talk a million miles an hour.
Your enthusiasm is contagious; once out of your presence
people may shake their heads at what you're doing, but
while they're listening to you, they're yours. Make sharp,
animated gestures when speaking, to illustrate your point
or just to work off your nervous energy. Your favorite
phrase is "Wanna see something neat?"; it generally crops
up at least three times per conversation.

The Timer
Born Joan Edmonds, the woman who calls herself the
Timer has long since abandoned her original name. Al-
ways into gloom, doom, and the Gothic, she got far more
than she bargained for when, attending her umpteenth
seance, she was deemed worthy of attention by the con-
cealed Euthanatos observing the proceedings. The sheer
gullibility of the others in the room made it quite easy for
the mage to work Effects that might otherwise have been
vulgar, and she simultaneously impressed Joan and served
5 * 4. = } ]

asamost

mortal ken. When the others filed out, convince
4

seen the work of spirits, Joan hearda voi ling that

she remain. She did so, out of curiosity rather than obedi-
ence, and became enthralled with both the elegant
Euthanatos and her message. Joan didn't go home that
night, or any night for that matter. She spent her time with
her new mentor and lover soaking up a sick version of
Euthanatos philosophy even as she was prepared for her
own Avatar's Awakening. She took to both magick and
her teacher's philosophy with an obsession, and, to show
her dedication to her new way of life, struck out on her own
almost immediately after her initiation. Not so much as a
goodbye was said; she had a holy mission to perform.
The Timer (she calls herself such because she feels
that she is the timer counting down the final seconds of
others) ison a mission to bring the Good Death to as many
ible as quicl ly as possible. A fatalis-

souls as

worthless
P 1

tic young woman, her illusions about her ulti
are actually skewed towards the negative side, as she
actively doubts that whar she does will have any effect at
all. Still, she keeps trying, leaving a card the image of a
shattered hourglass at the site of all of her services.
However, she doesn't leave bodies behind. This is a
result of her particularly loathsome partnership with an
Unseelie redcap by the unimaginative name of Crusher.
Crusher, it would seem, has acquired a taste for the meat
that can't be bought in a supermarket, and, as the Timer
often has.a need to dispose of corpses ina hurry, the two
have come to an arrangement. The Timer regrets the
desecration of the corpses to a certain extent, but would
regret getting caught even more, and in her mind the
ultimate good ighs the short-term evil. Regrettably,
she is quite wrong: her indiscriminate killings are actually
an affront to most Euthanatos, not to mention other
Tradition mages. Although she doesn't realize it (and
wouldn't admit it), the Timer has slipped into the corrupt
world of the twisted Nephandi.

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Deviant

Essence: Pattern

Tradition: Euthanatos barabbi

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intuition 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3, Meditation 1, Stealth 3,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Culture 2, Enigmas 2, Investigation 2,
Law 2, Medicine 1, Occult 3


Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arcane 1, Destiny 1, Dream 2,
Node 1
Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 3, Life 1, Spirit 2
Willpower: 10
Arete: 5
Quintessence: 3
Image: A short, slender woman with shoulder-length
chestnut hair, the Timer has a thin face and an extraordi-
narily pale complexion. Only the predatory gleam in her
brown eyes makes her look less than innocent, and she
hides this with great difficulty. Her wardrobe,
prising] 1 black and grey, and she wears
a black beret for luck when going out on her sacred
mission. Her weapon of choice is a Heckler and Koch
pistol with a silencer attached, generally worn in a well-
concealed shoulder holster. A single silver ring adorns her
right hand, and she wears no other jewelry.

Roleplaying Hints: If someone's not on your hit list
or threatening your endeavors, they're not worth talking
to. Be taciturn at best, icy at worst. You're not entirely at
ease with your relationship with Crusher, but the partner-
ship is yours to break off and no one else's. If anyone
attempts to discover your secret, that bumps them to the
head of your list. Si
Kithain off of your list of potential targets but have
redoubled your efforts towards the human families of

your partner, you've taken

changelings. After all, they're soclose to a better existence
already...

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

Leon Arness

A long-time prowler of MUDs, MUSHs, and MUCKs,
Leon was targeted early on in his Netsurfing career by a
pair of Virtual Adepts who agreed that not only was he
good people, but he was good raw material for the Tech-
nocracy. With that in mind, they resolved to get him first.
Working his Initiation online, they quickly brought him
up to speed on the state of the hidden world war. Leon,
always a quiet rebel with an astonishing stubborn streak,
quickly picked up what his mi : Iking e
also, being a stellar hacker and coder, picked up their true
names, using this power to wring them dry of the informa-
tion which they'd initially held back. With all of the
evidence in hand, Leon decided that the only option that
offered a potential victory over the Technocracy was to
subvert their paradigm rather than overthrow it, taking
their titanic momentum of thought and steering it down
channels more beneficial to the Traditions.

With that in mind, he dropped out of his graduate
program and set up shop in Multimedia Gulch. A moder-
] £,,] 1 } " ] leinl

other Virtual Adepts to help him with his master plan,
which involves subverting the software standards of the
world to Leon's specifications. His company, Sweatshop
Games, has won multiple awards already for its "stun-
ningly original, non-linearly plotted games" (to quote one
magazine blurb) and is currently at work on a CD-ROM
product called Hellfire that, when installed, will remove
the operating system of any machine and replace it with
Hellfire's proprietary one. On the surface, Hellfire Oper-
ating System (HOS, pronounced "Hose") functions in a
manner precisely identical to the operating system it is
replacing. Und h the basic functions, however, HOS
does some y ¢
and user...and once it's installed, it never lets the original
operating system back on. Leon has already crashed one
Technocracy-funded firm by force-feeding all of their
systems HOS. One wonders what he'll do for an encore.

lerfull | i hi both hardware

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Caregiver
Essence: Dynamic
Tradition: Virtual Adept
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipul

2A 9
, Appearance £2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 1,
Expression 3, Intuition 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge |

AN Ae


Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Meditation 1,
Melee 2, Research 3, Technology 5
Knowledges: Computer 4, Enigmas 2, Law 1, Linguis-
tics 3, Occult 2, Science 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 5, Node 2, Dream 3
Spheres: Correspondence 1, Forces 2, Mind 2, Spirit 2,
Time |
Willpower: 9
Arete: 5
Quintessence: 5
Image: Despite his Western name, Leon is actually of
Chinese extraction, about five-and-a-half feet tall with
hair down to his shoulderblades. He wears thin-lens pre-
scription glasses with wire rims, and prefers dress shirts in
simple patterns to anything else. Even at meetings with
distributors he wears sneakers and jeans, and any distribu-
tor who can speak Mandarin will win extra concessions
from Leon out of sheer respect. Leon's build is average, and
his love of good restaurants hardly shows at all.
Roleplaying Hints: You're a very friendly guy. As
long as someone isn't insinuating that you're stupid by
holding out on you, you get along very well with just about
everybody. You're a good boss, and coders ling all
over themselves to get into your shop. You're profitable,
too, and several of the big boys have sniffed you out with
\s You' interested in staying
i t, however, and you trust big corporate money
as far as you can throw the corporation behind it. You like
travelling, especially to foreign countries, and your excur-
sions are the best part of your job. Well, that and sticking

aneye
Per ee

one inthe Technocracy's craw. Either will make you smile
an awful lot.

Death isn't the handicap it used to be in the olden
days. It doesn't screw your career up like it used to.

— Dave Lister, "Red Dwarf"

The bay area Restless march to an entirely different
percussion section. The Hierarchy has been beaten back
to its Citadel on Alcatraz, surrounded by a boiling moat of
melted souls. On the mainland, various Heretic and Ren-
egade factions either vie for supremacy for each other or,
on rare occasions, attempt to allow each other to exist in
peace. There is a loose alliance of several of the more
martially oriented Renegade groups that has been waging
an almost continuous assault on the Citadel for over thirty
years, but most other Renegades are content to let the
Anacreons and their minions rot inside their Stygian iron
shell.

There are several "generations" of wraiths that have
extensive power due to their sheer numbers. Spirits from
the 190 hqual d its af th make up a sizeable

d j

Lh

minority, and while

F P
Circles, in a crisis their collective bond of age will prove
stronger than any political affiliation. Another wave of
immigration into the Shadowland ing the 1969
1974 period, and most of these spirits joined Renegade
sects. An oddity in the ethnic composition of this area of
the afterlife is that the Chinese residents of San Francisco
are relatively few, at least until modern times. Most of the
Chinese immigrants whose spirits were denied Transcen-
dence were Reaped in the Dark Kingdom of Jade, and it
was only once their descendants became Americanized
that those souls came to Stygian lands instead.

Reginald and Rachel Dascernak

ld

2 good erades, like hi her wanted. He
got into Harvard for his undergrad, also like his mother
wanted. He went to Wharton Business school for his
MBA, like his dad wanted. At home back on the West
Coast, he did the dutiful son thing and vol d to take
his sister Rachel back to college at Occidental, like both
his parents wanted. Unfortunately, that's where following
Mom and Dad's neat orderly little plan for his existence
ended. Distracted by his sister's endless carping, he didn't
pay quite enough attention to the surrounding traffic and
got inanasty little accident. Despite the fact that his lucky
doubloon (given to him as a child and possibly the only
thing he actually cared about) was in his pocket, Reginald
was killed instantly. Rachel was killed as well, and both
she and her brother d th lvesinthe Sl land

Now their post-mortem existences are intertwined by a
complex web of love, hate, and need even as the two

Appendix


wander through the bay area, trying to avoid conflict with
Renegades and Hierarchy alike. Reginald prefers lurking
on the Golden Gate Bridge itself, while Rachel is a bit
more adventurous.

Reginald Pasternak

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Conformist

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 1,
Empathy 3

Skills: Drive 3, Melee 1, Repair 1

Politics 4
Backgrounds: Eidolon 3, Wealth 4

Passions: Find his lucky doubloon (Obsession) 5,
Placate his sister (Compromise) 3, Establish an
identity of his own (Pride) 2

5, Law 3, Linguistics 1,

Arcanos: Argos 2, Keening 1, Lifeweb 1, Pandemo-
nium 2

Fetters: Doubloon, 5; Golden Gate Bridge, 3;
Harvard Diploma, 2

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 5

Shadow: Leech

Angst: 3

Thorns: Bad Luck

Shadow Passions: Tell off his sister once and for all
(Resentment) 4, Find quiet in Oblivion (Apathy) 2, Make
his parents pay for forcing him to meet their expectations
for his life (Revenge) 3

Image: What lool
on him. Robert appears to be nothing so much as effemi-
nate. He shares his sister's weak chin, but it only makes
him look indecisive and boyish. His hair is black and curly,
or would be if he hadn't trimmed it to an inch above the
scalp. Unlike Rachel, Robert has violet eyes which occa-
sionally flash red.

Rachel looks wimpy

Roleplaying Hints: You are your sister's foil/punch-
ing bag. Be dutiful, quiet, and responsible, at least until no
one's looking. Then, goof off and, if you can, screw
everything up as badly as you can without getting caught
at it. Respond well to authority figures, at least while
they're around. Once they go, you get a bit subversive. Get
very touchy over the subject of your missing lucky dou-
bloon; you suspect some firemen pocketed it after your
accident. You'd very much like to find it again.

Rachel Pasternak

Nature: Director
Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manif 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Awareness 3, Dodge 1, Empathy 2,
Expression 2, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Leadership 2, Stealth |
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computers 1, Law 1,
Linguistics 1, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Memoriam 1, Wealth 2
Passions: Take care of incompetent brother (Love) 4,
Achieve power no matter where you are (Arrogance) 3,
Make parents happy, somehow (Love) 2

Arcanos: Argos 2, Keening 2, Puppetry |

Fetters: Parents' house, 4; Letter of acceptance to
Occidental, 1; Assorted plaques and press clippings, 2;
Favorite Laura Ashley dress, 2

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 7

Shadow: Perfectionist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Tainted Touch, Trick of the Light

Shadow Passions: Annihilate Robert (Hate) 4,
Enthrall everyone (Vanity) 3, Humiliate/Enslave
Robert (Twisted Love) 3


in :

mage: We're talking serious J. Crew catalog action
here. Solid dark colors: there's nothing so daring as the
occasional stripe in Rachel's wardrobe. Rachel's under 5!
4", with black hair and hazel eyes. She is exceedingly
attractive (again, in a wholesome, preppyish way) and
carries herself like she knows it. She has high cheekbones,
a slightly weak chin, and her hair curls down past her
shoulders. There is a small arsenal of edged weapons
hidden in her purse, her hair, and other less likely places.

Roleplaying Hints: Subconsciously, you are furious
with Robert for getting you killed, and your Shadow knows
this. Treat him like a child (who cares if he's older?) Take

fas many you can, but back down
gracefully if your authority is challenged. There's always a
later for you to get back at whoever usurped your authority.
Get annoyed with anyone who doesn't instantly grasp the
brilliance of your plans, but don't let it show until later.
Robert is your punching bag and brother confessor all in
one, and no one is allowed to abuse him except you.

7

Vincente

Theoretically a hit man, Vincente never actually
became a "made" man. All of his intended targets either
died of natural causes, were arrested, or got themselves
shot in pointless d ic squabbles before he got to them.
It was first a joke, then a truism in the San Francisco Cosa
Nostra: if you really need someone dead, give Vinny a gun

and no bullets.

The joke may have been amusing, but the trail of
Vinny's intended targets wasn't, and one day a member of a
rival family, more superstitious than most, decided to make
Vincente look lil hy He awoke on

the other side of the Shroud, Reaped by certain wraiths
whom the Giovanni behind the family had coerced into
performing this "favor." Members of a well-organized Ren-
egade faction, these spiri k Vi ia andtmined hi
in the ways of the afterlife. When they felt that he was well-
enough trained to survive in the Shadowlands on his own,
the Renegades decreed their "obligation" to the Giovanni

bay area, protecting those wl h ir

discharged and turned Vincent loose. He now wanders the
| ow Le j4 1

the Hierarchy-Renegade conflict.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bravo

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipul

1, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Intimidation,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Stealth 2

I ledg ig 2, Law 2, Medicine 1
Backgrounds: Artifact (pistol) 4, Memoriam 2,
Mentor 1

Passions: Watch over his "family" (Love) 5, Preserve
his honor (Honor) 2, Avoid conflict (Serenity) 3

Fetters: Collection of Edith Piaf records, 1; St.
Ignatius Church, 3; Restored MG sports car, 3;
Sunglasses, 1

Arcanos: Moliate 2, Outrage 3

Pathos: 7

Willpower: 6

Shadow: Pusher

Angst: 4


Thorns: Spectre Prestige 1, Dark Allies 3

Shadow Passions: Kill randomly (Frenzy) 3, Aban-
don y d ything (Apathy) 3, Burn down the
city (Rage) 3

Image: Vincente is small, dark, and handsome. He is
fine-boned, with hands that never stay still and eyes that
are constantly flickering around the room. Well-muscled
and lithe, he dresses like he just stepped out of the
auditions for Reservoir Dogs II. Vincente always wears
black leather gloves, claiming that he feels naked without
them. There is a conspicuous bulge under the right shoul-
der of Vincente's jacket; only he! he hast b

feat

J
ee

the custom Artifact pistol he has
cached there. He hasn't quite figured out yet that it doesn't
actually need ammo to fire.

Roleplaying Hints: Because of your bizarre history,
youare a pri target for Heretics of all stripes.
You never curse, drink, or start a fight, but you are adept
at finishing them off. Speak softly, and spend your time
doing while others are talking about doing.

The Deroes

Provided here are the heroes of the Immortal Eyes
trilogy. They can be used as characters which the players
encounters or, if the Storyteller wishes to re-create the
Immortal Eyes trilogy, the players may actually play these

S llers sh very careful in doing this

characters

}
however. h more powetr-

ful than the usual starting chracters.

Leigh

The child of a no-nonsense Irish beat cop and a
fussbudget of an Italian mother, Leigh was lost in a large
family while growing up. Perhaps it was the insulation of
her many siblings and cousins that allowed her to main-
tain her independence and imagination, but at the same
time she harbors crushing feelings of inadequacy derived
from the lack of attention she received as a child.

Leigh's one true passion is cooking, and this inherit-
ance from her mortal mother has served her well. Within
the context of her mortal family, it is the one thing that she
chooses to do, even as her parents' conficting demands
("Get areal job!" "Find a nice boy and settle down!" "Find
a nice boy with a real job and get me some grandchil-
dren!") pull her in conflicting directions. Things were
stressful enough at home that she moved out just over a
year ago, though she does return to her parents' house
every Sunday night for dinner. Her family has not yet
completely come to grips with this, but her father's half-
joking threat of disowning her is now in the distant past.

Immorcal Cyes: Toydox

A noble in Arcadia, Leigh is unconsciously graceful
and striking amongst the Kithain. The ways of court and
battlefield lly to her body, if not her mind. For
though Leigh herself is as awkward and uncomfortable in
these situations as she would be at her parents' home for an
extended stay, her body knows instinctively how to carry
itself to its — and her — best effect. Her swordplay is as
expert as her work with the peeler and spatula, and she is
capable of making mincemeat of opponents as well as fruit
and nuts.

Leigh is a recent arrival from Arcadia, and has been
placed under a geis of staggering proportions. For this
reason, as well as her indomitable will, she is impossible to
geis on earth.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin/Beast

House: Fiona

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception: 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl (Martial Arts) 4, Dodge 1,
Empathy 2, Kenning 2, Streetwise 1

Skills: Cooking 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2,
Leadership 2, Melee 3, Security 2, Stealth 1
Knowledge: Investigation 2, Law 1, Police Procedures 1,
Politics 1

Arts: Chicanery 1, Primal 3, Soothsay 2, Sovereign 3,
Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 3, Nature 2, Prop 2, Scene 2

Spent
ARATE


Backgrounds: Chimera 3 (a gleaming silver
longsword, sharp enough to cut a floating hair
lengthwise. It is at the same time a badge of office and
a means of enforcing the rights her title grants her.
Leigh suspects that the blade has other, untapped
abilities, but thus far her suspicions have not yet been
confirmed), Contacts 3, Dreamers 2, Gremayre 2,
Resources 1, Title 2
Glamour: 8
Banality: 5
Willpower: 7

Image: Leigh is a striking woman of strongly chiseled
features and long red hair. In her mortal guise she does her
best to hide her attractiveness in plain garb, but in court
costume she is truly stunning. She has swordswoman's
muscles, but these accent rather than detract from her
feminity. The impression one gets on seeing Leigh under
Glamour is much the same as one gets seeing a tiger or
leopard: beauty and danger, certainly not to be provoked.

Roleplaying Hints: Be honest. Be painfully honest.
Asa matter of fact, you probably would have trouble lying
well for a million dollars and a six-month vacation from
your parents. Always say what you think, regardless of how
much trouble it might get you into later. Act impulsively,
because if you take time to think you start to doubt
yourself. Your worst fear is to spend your life "settling" for
things that aren't as grand and beautiful as your dreams.
You don't know what you do want, yet, but you don't want
what your parents want for you.

Tor

A piece of fae flotsam on the shores of San Francisco,
Tor did mightly deeds for the Court of Pacifica during the
Accordance War. But that was a long time ago, and since
then Banality and despair have gnawed at Tor's memories
and skills. These days he is homeless, allowed to sleep in
the basement of the Toybox because the proprietor re-
members those deeds Tor once did, even if Tor himself
cannot. Tor himself cannot stand to hear others talk of
those days and deeds, and will summarily leave any room
in which such a conversation is taking place.

While homeless, Tor is not a beggar. He scrounges
odd jobs, refusing token help and pity from his son-in-law,
Morgan's father. He and Morgan are close, despite her
father's intense disapproval of "my father-in-law, the
bum." In fact Tor has developed quite the attachment to
Morgan, going so far as to oathbond himself to her as her
guardian. It is this action, much more than his association
with Leigh, that starts Tor on the slow road back from
Banality.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Saint/Wretch

House: Commoner

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Troll

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

]

Social: Charisma 3, Manir 1, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 1, Melee (battle axe) 5, Stealth 2,
Security 2, Survival (homeless life) 4

Knowledge: Bureaucracy 1, Law 1, Linguistics 2,
Politics 1

Arts: Primal 4, Soothsay 1, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 1, Prop 2, Scene 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Dreamers 1, Treasures 3 (A
battle axe with leather-wrapped haft. Its edges are
keen, and at sunset it sometimes glows red with the
blood of all that it has slain. Treat the axe, called
Mind's Edge, as an additional two dice to any roll
made using it for anyone except Tor. Tor and the
weapon have somehow bonded, and he gains an
additional four dice instead.)

Glamour: 6

Banality: 8

Willpower: 7

}

Image: A hulking blonde man ina tatty trenchcoat,
; -
g

Tor is better groomed than Sporting


a beard and moustache, Tor slouches when he walks and
he rarely speaks above a whisper. Only his piercing blue

eyes give the lie to the image of Torasa wreck. There's still

plenty of fire in his gaze, and little escapes his eye. In troll
mien, Tor's complexion is a chalky white, and it's difficult
to tell he's not actually carved from stone. His eyes still
blaze, and strength emanates from his frame.

Roleplaying Hints: The spiritual descendant of
Ambrose Bierce, you wear the role of curmudgeon as
comfortably as you wear your trenchcoat. You can match
Leigh for honesty and outgun her on cynicism and wit, but
hold fast to your sense of honor. It's pretty much all you've
got left of the old days. If someone has the temerity to start
telling you about the old days, leave. It hurts too much to
hear.

CDorgan

Morgan is a bundle of contradictions. Loved by and
loving her parents, she is also uncontrovertably attracted
to her sidhe existence as a baroness. A shrewd courtier
with all of the natural charm and manipulativeness of a
little girl who's pretty and knows it, Morgan isa force to be
reckoned with. The fact that she's a powerful sorceress is
merely icing on the cake.

Morgan's father is forcing her to go toa child psychia-
trist, worried by the resemblances she is showing to her
vagrant of a grandfather. At the same time as she is under
assault from Banality in this guise, Morgan is also receiving
sendings directly from the Dreaming. She stands in the
balance between the two worlds, just as she stands at the
center of her friends. She is the center around which they
all must move, and it is not an easy role for a child, even
one of her power and skill, to play.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Courtier/Peacock

House: Eiluned

Seeming: Childer

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Expression 2,
Kenning 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 2

Knowledge: Enigmas 4, Investigation 1, Mythlore 2,
Occult 2, Politics 2

Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2, Primal 2,
Soothsay 4, Sovereign -

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 3, Nature 1, Prop 2, Scene 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 1, Dreamers 4, Gremayre 4,
Title 3, Treasures 4 (Morgan's gold locket is a potent
Treasure indeed. A font of Glamour that generates
one point per day, it also provides luck and adds a die
to any Arts roll made by its possessor. Understand-
ably, Morgan has grown quite attached to it.)
Glamour: 9

Banality: 4

Willpower: 6

Image: Every bit the fairytale princess, Morgan has
the heart-shaped face and long black hair of a doll. Her
voice is soft and low, though it is quite capable of assuming
tones of command. If there is a more adorable child than
Morgan to be found on this side of the Moon-Trods,
nobody knows where to look.

Roleplaying Hints: Nothing bothers you like conde-
scension. Anything else you can tolerate, but not that. It's
your worst nightmare to be trapped as a child forever, and
every time you're reminded of it, you want to scream.

You've got an awful lot of balls in the air right now,
and the strain is starting to show. You are Valmont's sole
defender, it was your idea to include Eddie, and you have
the most appealing, safe mortal existence of any of your
companions. The lure of escaping back to it is strong, and
this is something you must constantly fight against. Start
out wise and calm, but if you're dealing with people who

are, in your opinion, idiots, lose your temper rapidly.
Never forget your position or the dignity that comes with
it, except of course when it's time to play.


Rasputin

Pity the poor fool, the truth of whose jests is too thinly
veiled. As Lear's Fool suffered, so suffers Rasputin, A
pooka of the rabbitish persuasion, he is gifted — or cursed
—with a touch of fey prophecy, making his jests bite too
hard for the sensitive ears at court.

Rasputin hovers in the Haight scene as he's done for
years, ever since cutting loose from his parents' home in
Bakersfield nigh unto a decade ago. He writes lyrics for
local bands (though never ones Larana deals with), reads

poetry in coffeehouses, and schedules guerilla art shows.
Almost everybody in the Haight knows of Rasputin, but
few people actually know him. The blame for this can be
laid entirely at Rasputin's feet, as he refuses to allow
anyone to grow close to him out of fear of hurting them. A

2 - } }

l d few friends, R

man with I ‘ ous
wild mood swings, one minute biting the head off of a

confidante for asking a simple question, the next listening

with genuine sympathy to the blandest story of unrequited
teen love since time began.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Sage/Riddler

House: Commoner

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipul

3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Expression (poetry) 5, Kenning 3,
Streetwise 2
Skills: Etiquette 1, Juggling 3, Performance (street
theatre) 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1,
Mythlore 2, Politics 1
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 4, Soothsay 4
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 4, Nature 2, Prop 1, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera ("The Hunter") 4, Contacts 4,
Dreamers 3, Gremayre 2, Resources |
Glamour: 8
Banality: 5
Willpower: 5

Image: As a pooka, Rasputin has a twitchy nose,
whiskers, and long rounded ears. His melting brown eyes
complete the picture of a pooka with rabbit somewhere in
his ancestry, and indeed Rasputin often seems to be ready
to spring rather than step. Even as a mortal, there's

something unmistakeably rabbitish about Rasputin, al-
though his muscular build is more suited to perhaps a
badger. Rasputin dresses more towards the avant-garde
than anything else, and frequently sports a beret.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a man of bitter jests.
You're almost afraid to make jokes at this point, because
they all hit too close to home. Swing between ebullience
and brooding, but trust no one well enough to discuss your
pain, your fears, or anything else that might come back to
haunt you in some way. No one in all of Pacifica, mortal
or Kithain, can match your way with a one-liner; it's just
too bad that they tend to flow when you're feeling a little
bit nasty.
Notes on The Hunter: Rasputin's chimera is a
vicious, snakelike being called simply The Hunter. Well
| ish python with
its

over eight feet long, it appears lil
Jintelligence ini | Ismil

mouth. It is derived from his experiences of abuse as a
child, and it has a habit of intruding into the most unlikely
places at unwanted times. Thus far it has never attacked
Rasputin, preferring to torment him with its mere pres-
ence as a reminder of wrongs done in the past. Whether or
not it has attacked others, though, none can say.

Statistics for The Hunter: Strength 3, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 2, Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1,
Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Expression (insinua-
tion and insult) 4, Empathy 1, Subterfuge 1, Performance
(mimicry) 3, Stealth 4, Enigmas 2


Valmont

Unseelie because they grant him the respect his
position warrants, Valmont may well be a prince among
eshu. Of course, among humans he's just one more hustler
with a telemarketing or 1-900 number scheme up his
sleeve. Always moving, never resting, always talking,
Valmontseeks lanysi
in aan authority position, he'll challenge it, just to make
certain that the authority is earned. This, as well as his
abiding interest in her as a potential lover, drives his

he's in. Ifsomeone's

constant f ‘ Leigh. eigh, Valmont
also loves money, and often skates on thin ice over dark
seas of Banality to get it.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Troubadour

House: Commoner

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Eshu

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Expression 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Fast-talk 3, Firearms 3,
Leadership 3, P. lling) 4, Security 2,
Stealth 2

erformance (s y

Knowledge:s Computer 2, Enigmas 2, Investigation 1,
Law 2, Linguistics 2, Politics 3, Psychology 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 3, Primal 2, Waytare 3
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 3, Prop 1, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Chimera 2 (a viciously sharp scimitar),
Contacts 5, Dreamers 4, Gremayre 3, Resources 3,
Retinue 2
Glamour: 8
Banality: 6
Willpower: 6

Image: A swarthy man in tasteful suits, Valmont is
too much the wheeler-dealer to ever look less than sharp.
In faerie guise, his features sharpen and his skin color
deepens, giving him the look of royalty, not just nobility.
What his position among the eshu is remains a mystery,
though; for the moment, he is simply one noble among
many of the Unseelie Court.

Roleplaying Hints: There's always an angle, and

, : qeW 7
you reg f it. Neverthr Awa

9 ya because
you never know when someone's going to be useful. Keep
track of the favors you owe and are owed, and make sure

bal tips. Pretty ladies! way of catching
your eye, and while you're not quite up to the level of a Don
Juan, you're damned close. Challenge those in authority
positions, particularly Leigh. If they can't take your heat,
you don't want to be in the kitchen with them.

Cdmund
Self-centered to the point of exerting his own gravi-
tational field, Edmund wants to be the straw that stirs the
drink. Unfortunately, he only succeeds in blowing bubbles
in his milk. Brattish and loud, Edmund is concerned first
Lf i pl Constantly on the run
from the police, the juvie authorities, and innumerable
angry shopkeepers, Edmund bounced from foster home to
shict ree |

wit

fosterhome unti
him inj iled

good use, he ate his way to freedom, called in some favors

y violent tendencies landed
}

Finally putting his bi t

he'd acquired from Ragger's band, and went on his merry
way.

While Edmund has a little boy's crush on Morgan and
wishes to emulate Valmont, the only one who can truly
control him is Tor. He is the despair of the rest of his
companions, and even they are not always certain why
they keep him around.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Rogue/Wayfarer

House: Commoner

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Redcap

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4


Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Expression 1, Intimidation 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Melee 1, Security 3, Stealth 2, Survival
(homeless life) 4

Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 3, Primal 2
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 1, Nature 2, Prop 2

Backgrounds: Chimera (dagger) 2, Dreamers 1,

Gremayre 3, Treasures 5
Glamour: 8
Banality: 5
Willpower: 4
Image: A little kid with a predator's grin and a nose

sharp enough to cut vegetables, Edmund is a slob in the
} L } ] ] L

way only kids dwhoknow

that they're not going to have to pay for anything they
mess up. With that in mind, there'sa lot of messed-up stuff
around Edmund.

With a San Jose Sharks cap jammed down on top of
his dreads, Edmund dresses in only the finest hip-hop
flannel scroungings the dumpsters of Oakland and San
Francisco provide. He wears the Sharks cap for a reason,
incidentally: when Edmund is seen in redcap mien, more
| d his grin to that of a great

than one observer
white on the prowl.

Roleplaying Hints: Be bratty and revel in it. Do
everything you can to annoy the characters, your friends,
and random strangers. If there's a chance for you to grab
something to your own advantage, you're there in an
instant. Torment Morgan to your heart's delight, but don't
actually hurt her, and don't let anyone else hurt her,
either. Calvin and Susie have nothing on you two.

Equipment: Edmund, surprisingly, has a wealth of
magical objects in his possession. His original sword is
chimerical, an idea of a blade cast around an aluminum
alloy butter knife Edmund stole from a school cafeteria
years ago. However. Iso has in his clutcl irof true
Treasures. The first, called "Mr. Dumpy," is a toy soldier
from Emperor Norton's toy chest. Mr. Dumpy doesn't
actually do anything, it would seem. Edmund uses it as a
father confessor and oracular device (a la the infamous 8-
ball), and no amount of teasing from Morgan will make
him give the doll up.

Fy

The other Treasure once belonged to Sir Cumulus in
his childhood days. A child's sword for a noble, it is quite
Jouit Thebladel i660]
| F y
ing chimera by 1, though Edmund tends to use it to slice
cold cuts for sandwiches.

real on attack-


Chronology of The Toydox

For those Storytellers interested in re-enacting the events of the first novel in the Immortal Eyes trilogy, the
following timeline presents a day-to-day summary of events as experienced by Leigh, Morgan, Valmont, Tor,
Edmund and Rasputin.

September 11, 1995 — Morgan visits her psychologist, Dr. Adrienne Walters.

September 12, 1995 — The characters gather at the Toybox. Valmont tells the story of Emperor Norton's
toy chest, but his telling is interrupted by an attack by someone using an iron dagger.

September 13, 1995 —Leigh prepares for her knighting. Malacar i | Ed {and his "Brat
Patrol" accost Morgan, accusing her of betraying the Kithain to her psychologist.

September 14 - 20, 1995 —Tor is attacked by redcap bikers. Valmont seeks information from his Unseelie
connections. Slique gets Valmont to agree to bring a guest with him to Fall Court.

September 21, 1995 — The Hunter is born from Raputin's nightmares. Malacar attends court in disguise in
the company of Valmont and interrupts Leigh's knighti Duke Aecon's erratic behavior is noticed. The
duke quests Leigh to locate and formally banish Malacar. Morgan and Valmont accept the quest as well. Malacar

opens the toy chest and looses the chimerae.

September 22, 1995 — The hunt for the chimera begins. Malacar is given a second chance to perform "the
ritual" correctly. The group fight chimeric battles, locate the missing bugler at Kurtzweiler's Toy Shop, and
confront Malacar in the Japanese Tea Garden before he has a chance to perform his ritual. Under compulsion,
Malacar surrenders the Eye of Opening to the group.

September 26, 1995 — Ryder (the former Chevalier) arrives in San Francisco to track down and destroy the
changeling population. Plans are made to commit Morgan to Ironwood Hospital.

September 27, 1995 — Princess Aliera agrees to help Morgan. Edmund encounters Ryder but escapes. The
group realizes that the gem they now have "opens things."

September 28, 1995 — Morgan and Aliera switch places. Layla shows secret passages in palace to Morgan.
Aliera is committed to Ironwood Hospital in Morgan's stead.

September 29, 1995 — Valmont gets hints of another, more sinister, Shadow Court.

October 1, 1995 — Morgan and Layla replace the duke's dying mistletoe. Morgan's father begs Tor to help
rescue Morgan. The group goes to Ironwood Hospital. Morgan shows up at the Toybox after they have left and
realizes that Aliera is in danger. She joins the rescue attempt. Aliera is rescued. Morgan's parents are enchanted.

October 31, 1995 — Samhain Revels are held at the duke's palace. The group destroys the harp, freeing the
duke from his enchantment, and are rewarded. They learn of the existence of Silver's Gate and believe Malacar
was trying to use the gem to open it. Duke Aeon quests the group to find and open Silver's Gate.

November 2, 1995 — The companions discover the correct location for the gate and successfully open it,
loosing the Forsworn Prince from his prison.


aaa
re
i

2
ome
ay
J
P]
: pew.
é&

Welcome to San Frat
to the fae, for the G
and magical sites t

@ Three mini-stories design

@ Details of the Immortal Eyes chronicle, allow

in an entirely new direction.

ISBN 1-56504-703-6
WW 7200
$15.00 US $21.75.C

ll

wr og i 780 PARK NORTH BOULEVARD
~@08y ;

WHITE WOLF
CAME STUDIO

+. oUite
pm 4" CLARKSTON, GEORGIA 3002
~ BS

|

Printed in Canada