# File: Innocent.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

HUNT k-SBOGa0K


i>

Wad Forward Redraw

==—— Internet Browser: Hunter-Net =

@®O © 8&8 Sm 8

Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

THOUGHTS AND VIEWS ON THE Mission

by Bookworm55

News & Recent Upoates
* (06/15) — Well, if you check the Etc. page you'll see that | won't be updating
Vitalis for... well, for a while. | hope you've all found something good about this
page and its mailing list. Please continue to use it. Take care.
* (06/13) — Thanks to all those who've passed on offers to help Oracle171. |
Witness1, as always, you're the best. | won't really respond to the rest of the mail, but

death threats really cross the line. | wonder if hunter-net is where | should be....

* (06/12) — Okay, what the hell is the problem? From the email I'm getting, it
looks like Oracle171 is being shut out by us! Crusader, if you look up from your
bloody shrine to Timothy McVeigh or Ted Kaczynski, you'll see you just screwed |
one of your own. That's worse than any "monster" you can name. If this is how we
do what we do, what's the God damned point? H

* (06/09) — A few new things on the Mission page. Thanks to Nurse216 for the help
with the Do's and Don'ts.

* (06/08) — | heard from Oracle171 today! She's all right, but scared out of her ©
mind. Please, anyone who can, she's gonna need all our help. With her permission, |
I've put up some of her comments.

¢ (06/06) — Okay, I've set up vitalis. list @ hunter-net.org because of the sheer load |
of email I'm getting from this site. Joining is pretty simple, see the Etc. page. Fe

* (06/05) — Sorry there haven't been any updates. This Montreal thing has sapped
a lot of my... resolve, | guess. | did manage to polish up the Etc. page a bit.

* (06/01) — Not much to say, but | guess we've all heard what happened up
in Montreal. It's certainly been all over the main list. | put up a page about it.
Please comment.

This page last updated on 06/15. Send comments to Bookworm55.


= Internet Browser: Hunter-Net =

o &©§ &6€ Mm 2

indit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

+> ee

Backward Forward Redraw Stop

HTML site:

WeELcome To VirALis

Whar Is Tis Site?

| guess in some ways, this is just the product of my own little net-addictions. |
handed the reins of the main hunter-net back to Witness1 (who started it all), buty
| site-manager instinct is too strong to just sit back.

There's been a lot of new sites popping up under hunter-net, too. The Surv
Guide site, Firelight, Vigil and a bunch of others (I'll have them up on the Etc. pz
ASAP, promise). | guess | wanted a page that sort of summarized how | felt about!
mission and what we're all doing. | don't know if I'm really the most qualified tot
pontificating, but Witness1 seems to think people listen to me.

are Anyway, I've organized my thoughts into a few different pages: Why | Do This (
: Ba own motivations and the reasons), The Mission not the Hunt (my take on what \
: i _ should be doing and how), and Us vs. Them? (some more thoughts about the ally

' side). Etc. has a bunch of links and stuff.

MAIN Whar ls "Virauis""?
Vitalis is a Latin word that basically means "life-force" (actually the full term is \
vitalis or "vital energy," but this ain't a first-year Classics course — thank God). Abo.

j = 150 years ago a lot of people called themselves ‘"vitalists" because they thought tt
/ no simple biological process could create life, reproduction and evolution. A gov

chunk of the folks into herbal medicine and homeopathy still believe this.

| picked up the name from ProfesorGeo160 who used it once when talking abo

the imbuing. The whole vitalist thing makes sense to me to explain the good and bi

| mojo we now know is out there. To me, vitalis is what we've been imbued with — son
sort of universal life energy. In some way, we're trying to defend the living Earth. Li

| some sort of white blood cells, even.

aus Asout THe Autuor

Many of you probably remember my caveat from that mega-post | did on ‘t
enemy." Well, all those basic facts, if not my sentiments at the time, still apply. I'm
kid in a wheelchair, nota modern Van Helsing or Indiana Jones. | just share what | fe
on this site. Take it for what it's worth.

BTW, thanks to everyone who's checked on my progress. The physiotherapy
going pretty well, and I'm now in a much sleeker wheelchair and back attendir

classes. | still get really tired and stairs are just evil, but things are a lot better th
| they were.

This page last updated on 05/22. Send comment to Bookworm55.


Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History — Printing Save Preferences

|
|
|
|
|

|

——— Internet Browser: Hunter-Net

> @— @ao do @ aR 8

unter-net.org/vitalis/why.htm

Why! Do Tuis

We're all different people. Besides maybe the color of my skin, what do | have in |
common with Shaka74? Or Memphis68? We've all heard a call and that builds
something between us. We don't all answer for the same reasons, but it might help us |
if we knew why we did at all. These are the answers for me:

For My Famiy

I'm sure | just lost a big chunk of you, but it's true. | keep going for the sake of my
mother and sister. | grew up in one of those places you don't want to, and my dad
decided that gambling was better than raising my sister and me. So it was just Mama
and us. When the kids up the block decided to beat me to a pulp, she was the one who
picked me up. She kept me going. She worked two jobs and still helped me with my
homework. My winding up in college (and my sister is on the way) is thanks to her.
| always thought I'd pay her back by getting us all out of the ghetto. You know, get
/ a good job and move somewhere safe. Make sure mom could retire — waitresses
don't usually retire. Now I've got other ways. | see that the world is in worse shape than
VS ever imagined, but | can make it better for her. This time | have to pick her up, and |
I'm happy to do it.

| WELCOME |

WELCOME Corny, | know, but true.

Because THere's Hore
LTHEMISSION |

Maybe you can back me up on this one. Now that | see some of things behind the

THE MISSION violence, the drugs and the dirty cops, | feel | can make a difference. Before, it seemed

r 7 like no matter who did what, nothing would ever change. The Man always got stronger
and the neighborhood always got worse. Now| understand why and that's the first step

to making things better. To steal Witness1's thunder, we can inherit the Earth.

For me, that's hope.

ETC. Because | Have To
| guess this is the most basic reason. What choice do | really have? Am | really |
going to just close my eyes when | see a ghost or a vampire or something? If | see a |
zombie about to kill someone and | know I'm the only one who can help, what else am
| going to do? | have to help, unless | want to become a monster myself.

Comune Back To THE Mission

Okay, | know all three reasons sound really simplistic and maybe even childish. But
remember, | got my legs torn off and spent months stuck in a bed with tubes in me. |
had a lot of time to reflect. | went through some dark times, | thought about giving up,
just closing my eyes and forgetting | ever heard the call. | almost did.

| didn't because of the three things | just listed. My mother and sister were by my
bed every day, and | knew | had to be there for them. | knew the future could be better.
| knew | had to do something.

I'd like to think we all feel that way. We disagree on specifics, but we know we have
to make the world better one way or another. We're in this together.

This page last updated on 05/25. Send comments to Bookworm55.

> &

Backward Forward Redraw

Waser af

| WELCOME |

WELCOME

THE MISSION

@ 2

Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing

| call what we do "the mission"
or "the call." There's a bunch of
other terms | could use — obliga-
tion (maybe), good deed, the
cause — but what | absolutely
won't use anymore is "the hunt."

Witness1 and | strongly dis-
agree on this, and | almost didn't
keep the hunter-net name when |
restarted the site. The only rea-
son | did was not to lose any
subscribers, and out of respect
for Witness. Still, | think calling
ourselves "hunters" starts us off
on the wrong foot. Hunters stalk
and kill. Are those the only things
we should be doing?

Being a "hunter" is all part of
the extreme behavior that's grow-
ing on the list. | want to make the
world better, | want to help, and
l'll fight if | have to. But redneck
militias and godhead cults just
aren't part of my take on positive
action. If we go that route, how
soon will it be before anyone
who isn't just as: "dedicated"
starts looking like a monster? |
mean, there are people on Fire-
light who probably think a
Democrat is more dangerous
than a vampire.

Before things get out of hand,
we need to take a step back and
get backin touch with what counts.
We want to heal the world, not
burn it.

- Internet Browser: Hunter-Net =

Tue Mission NOT THE HUNT

Save Preferences

Booxworm's Do's ano Don' ts

Most of you know | wound up ing
wheelchair after dealing with a woma
who was a vampire. She thought | be
trayed her, and| wasn't thinking straight
Keep these rules in mind. — BW55

¢ Do work together: Not only is
there strength in numbers, but we al
need friends who understand us. Only
other people on the mission truly qualify

¢ Do stay safe: Always remember
that the "other side" can be very dan-
gerous. Be very careful who you tell |
about the mission and which other |
imbued you tell your real name to. |
The other side has a way of following
these leads.

¢ Do stay sane: What we do is harsh.
Take time off, talk aboutthings, try to build
a little bit of a life into your mission.

¢ Don't discount normal folks:
We call them "bait" and "gawks," but
just because they haven't answered
| the call doesn't mean they're worth-
| less. Listen to them, talk with them and
protect them.

¢ Don't kill on sight: "Monsters" are
not just plain evil. Some are victims that
need help. Shooting first may just esca-
late a situation, instead of resolving it.

* Don't trust blindly: | paid for this
one. Remember that what we do is
dangerous, so be cautious. Do trust,
but also be careful.

* Don't lose perspective: We're do-
ing this to help people, not to make
ourselves gods. If you're pounding a pul-
pit, you're in this for the wrong reasons.

This page last updated on 05/27. Send comments to Bookworm55.


= Internet Browser: Hunter-Net

> 82a 08 2

yBackward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

i) HTML site: p://www.nunter-net. vitalis/usvstnem.nim

Usvs. THEM?

After | posted my big review of information on what called The Enemy, | got a whole lot of email.
Most of it was flattering (thanks for that, BTW), but a few people sent me some good criticism.
Nurse216 and Potter1 16 both told me | had missed some important distinctions; that was forgetting
about motivations and effects. | was lumping everything into one category — "enemies."

So | guess you could call this some extra notes. When | wrote my post | was still hooked |
up in the hospital, and | wasn't the most positive person in the world, believe me. A person
| trusted had hurt me and | really started buying into the us vs. them mentality. | called them
the enemy. | thought of them as monsters. That was wrong.

Some Perspective
As far as | can tell, the "other side" is still human, at least by a loose definition. They seem
to interact and react like humans, getting angry, using seduction, being full of ego. These are
a, not gods or wild animals — even the shapechangers seem to think like people, just really angry
| | I * ¢ 4 people. I'm not saying that they're happy or well-adjusted people, mind you, but | haven't seen

inte or heard of anything that's any more monstrous than Ted Bundy or the slave trade.

We call these people monsters, | think, because they're different from us. They have weird
powers and can do amazing — and disturbing — things. But some of us can turn baseball bats
into torches and vomit killer fog. I'm not sure we're in any position to call the other side monsters.

WELCOME | guess what I'm saying is that we should spend more time seeing what these people — not
things — are doing, instead of what they can do. I've heard of bloodsuckers who don'tkill people
they feed from. That says to me there's some ethical decision going on. My warlock friend —

at "monsters," too. Food for thought.

REACHING OUT
In practice, | think we need to explore some non-violent ways to interact with the hidden.
MONTREAL My own experiences show that it's dangerous, but it can be worthwhile. Like | say, the warlock
Purple taught me a lot without hurting me at all.

Now, before | move on, let me be very clear here. My rules still apply: be very careful. Going out
and getting yourself killed is not productive, regardless of how open-minded you are. When trying to
communicate with the other side, start very small. Always make sure you have a way out and
(preferably) people to help you if things go sour. You do notwantto be alone with an enraged vampire
—trust me. On the other hand, make sure anyone with you is on the same wavelength. If they're there

with murder in mind, they're only going to provoke violence.

| The bestsituation you can hope foris finding a ‘monster' thatisn't outrightviolent when you encounter

| it. When I firstsaw Purple, he was drinking coffee. | watched him and developed a relationship. So watch,

then attempt communication, and always be careful. You should know, ofcourse, thatsome of the nastier
people out there — both human and not — will lure you in to hurt you. Caution, always.

| | guess I'll start with warlocks like | did before. Looking over some of things that others have

said on hunter.list, at Coach41's account of his experience with the warlock he calls "Father

X' on vigil.list, and considering my own experience with Purple, | think warlocks are probably

the most approachable of the hidden. | know there's some really antisocial and scary ones,

but at least a good number seem to like to talk. And debate. And argue. We can use that to

establish a rapport and learn something (I did from Purple). i

Okay, ghosts. | haven't had too much experience with outright spirits, but it seems like at
least some of them are also open to communication. Poltergeists aren't talkative — more like
bursts of anger — but some of the other types are capable of talking. Nurse216 knows more
about them than | do, but from what she's told me, there's an emotional need in a lot of ghosts.

If we can tap into that, we might actually be able to establish some sort of dialogue.

<- last / next ->

|
or former friend, | guess — never really hurt anyone.

| THEMISSION To an outsider, everything we do looks psychopathic. Maybe that's true for how we look
|

This page last updated on 05/27. Send comments to Bookworm55.


"> em 82a 88 8

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

Tue Montreat "Bony SNATCHER"' TRAGED!

It's hard for me to really talk about what happened in Montreal, but we all
to think about it. We lost some good people there. The following is culled fron
of different places. I've put some of my own comments in italics to give you:
context. Anyone who has anything to add, just email me. — BW55

Tne "Facts"
| got this off the Canadian Press wire service. — BW55
Bodysnatcher Cult Commits Mass Suicide
MONTREAL (CP) — Investi °

Police uncover

a "death

Ontario

rs for the Montreal Urban Comr

Ang
in city mor
stolen cor

e. police

Police
Sort. of
an imminent
the th
were bringi
rituals of s
CuULsPpose "mortem. Ot
calik bi

have been
ngs that refe
ible

wee
The cult
at the end. "™
and another w
The other two
added the th
Authorities
members,
Loca
for one man
convenience
anonymous,
American, appa
brand cigarett

aulieu said.

Some Trutu

Traveler72 posted this on the main hunter.list pretty quickly. For those of
who don't know, the "New Dijon thing" he refers to was an outbreak of shamt
and spooks in a small town near Montreal. You can get his full report in the Sur
Guide. — BW55

=== Internet Browser: Hunter-Net ===

> Oe @a steam:
1 =
Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HIML site: |Nttp://www.hunter-net.org/vitalis/mtl.htm

To: hunter.list @ hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: Montreal shitstorm
Things just went in the crapper for some good people up in Montreal. CNN just
ran a story about a body snatcher cult suicide up there. They said a cult was ina
former Hell's Angels bunker. That was a group of us. That bunker belonged to one
of the guys | was at New Dijon with (I won't name him in case he got out alive). | even
stayed at the bunker when | was up in Montreal last time. The news report said one
of the dead cultists was an American named Henessy. That's Mythmaster10. He |
sent me an email a few weeks back saying he was heading up to Montreal to see
what he could do about that whole New Dijon thing. | put him in touch with my contact.
Now they're all dead.

ny Late It sounds to me like they were royally fucked by a bunch of shamblers. But the news
| | } 4 We also said Henessy was drained of all his blood, and that sounds like a vampire to me.

The only good news | can see is that they said all the "cultists" were guys.
Oracle171 also let me know she was heading back there after Greece, so maybe she

= MAIN | got away. Oracle, you out there?
On THe Run

| picked this up off a law-enforcement site. Traveler72 confirms that this is Oracle.
She needs our help, people. — BW55
Wanted by the Sdreté du Québec

~)

Name: Béatrice Marie Louise Tremblay
Height: 5'7" (1.70 m)

ETC.

Weight: 125 lbs. (57 kg) EI
Eyes: Brown
« Hair: Dark Brown
ING Distinguishing Marks: none known

Notes: Béatrice Tremblay is a known member of the Montreal "body snatcher" cult
desecration of two dozen cadavers, possession of illegal firearms and aggravated
assault. She is considered armed and extremely dangerous. It is likely she will flee to
the United States.
me to pass this along. — BW55
Subject: Montreal
From: oracle171

|

and has been linked to multiple homicides at the cult compound, the theft and
| just got some mail from Oracle herself! She's still alive, but on the run. She asked
To: bookworm55

Hello Bookworm,
| cried with the angel when they all died, up on Rue Ontario. The angel knew their
way was only going to lead to death and | tried to warn them, but they couldn't see the
light. |__had_ to try something and the angel suffered for it.

=. Internet Browser: Hunter-Net =

Seenaraeanm pa

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History — Printing Save Preferences

When | swam through the day and night, | met a man named Valois. The an
told me he was dead, but | needed to try. He lied and | ignored the angel andn
everyone is dead.

rll never make that mistake again. The angel never lies.

| can feel the minutes running backwards, Bookworm. The light is coming.

A bientot,

— Oracle

Okay, I'm not crazy about posting this, but it has to be seen to be believed. Sh
one of us and this is how we treat her. What's the matter with us? — BW55
To: hunter: list @ hunter-net.org
From: crusader17
Subject: Some Truth about Oracle171

Okay, enough of this "poor Oracle's runnin' from the law" business. Travele:
isn't the only one who got mail from Mythmaster10 about Montreal. He sent meat
messages once he got up there, because he was worried that some of the people
had hooked up with couldn't cut it and would get them all killed. He was worried abi

Oracle171.

Apparently, they were hip deep in shamblers and other rots, including a few fan
Mythmaster and the others were getting ready for a holy war — setting up th
bunker, getting the weapons they needed, figuring when and where to strike — alll
right stuff. Meanwhile Oracle's talking about getting to know the devils. She wants
understand *why* and wants to *communicate*. Mythmaster was worried that si
, - get them all killed and it sounds like that's exactly what happened. Both Travele'
and Mythmaster10 told me that bunker was near impregnable — so it sounds likeli

miss communication let the enemy in.
Let me put this as clearly as | can: The woman is poison. She got everyone kil
ETC. either because she's incredibly stupid or she's working for the other side. Now st

bait on the run. If we help her, we become the next targets. If anyone sees her,'
advice is to put her down so she can't betray us any more than she already has

C.osine THoucHTs

| didn'tinclude it in the post from Oracle, but trust me when | say that she's runn
scared. She's seen the only people she could trust killed, and now people on this:
treat her like a monster herself. Maybe she did say too much to someone. Maybe!
But she doesn't deserve to die. Refusing to help her will kill her. We know she wi
survive if the "authorities" get her. She was chosen, just like the rest of us. We hi
to help. Or else, what's the point of all this? — BW55

This page last updated on 06/13. Send comment to Bookworm55.


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net =

>e @oh 5 BS 3)

wd Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History  Printin: Save Preferences

org/vitalis/etc.htm

ET Cetera

_ Tae Care, Fotks
I'm out of here.
| This whole body snatchers deal with Oracle171 has been turning around my head |
| forthe last week. | don't know whatto think. I've been talking about being open minded
| with the other side, but has that just gotten six of our own killed? Is Oracle a danger |
to us all? Am |?

| remember before | lost my legs — everything seemed easier. Now, I'm separate
from the world, even on good days. |'m just a crip with a mouth. Half a man.

| have to find out what happened with the vampire who hurt me. Maybe |'m just
deluding myself and | should pick up an M-16 and join Crusader17. Someone's offered
j a # a to help me find out, and | guess it's time to take him up on it.

i: we Feel free to use the list and send me some mail, but who knows if I'll be back. If this
list falls apart, could someone get Witness1 to shut it down?
Thanks,
MAIN — Bookworm55
TES Mauine List
| started this list as a place for people to comment on my site, and so | could respond to
: people all at once, but it seems to be have evolved into a running discussion of the mission.
THE MISSION To subscribe, just fill in your hunter-net handle below and hit SEND.
"THEM"
Send
MONTREAL
ETC. Links

Hunter-net has really grown. Having had a hand in its revival, it's a real joy to see
so much stuff. You'll want to poke around yourself, but here are some highlights:

* hunter.list The big thing, the master list with all the "general interest" stuff. This
was hunter-net at first, but several sub-sites and special interest lists have popped up.

¢ The Enemy This is my old mega-post about the other side. Make sure to read my
new disclaimer (on the Us vs. Them? page) first.

¢ The Survival Guide Lots of very good information on us across the world.

¢ Firelight This site (and its associated firelight.list) is pretty hard-core and | think
there's way too much redneck/survivalist BS on it, but there are occasional instances
of real insight. Just ignore Crusader17 and you'll be okay.

+ Vigil This site is pretty new, but it's got some good stuff on it. A lot of the people
on vigil.list seem to be what some of us call "hometown heroes," and they're certainly
worth listening to.

¢ Beyond hunter-net, you can find out some good info if you know where to go. |
check CNN, the Department of Justice and a bunch of other sites regularly.

This page last updated on 06/15. Send comment to Bookworm55.


PROLOGUE: SECOND CHANCES

If you're an 18-year-old virgin, you pay attention
when a supermodel brushes by in the library stacks. You
drool, actually. And walk into things like the shelves.

She turned when I dropped the bound copies of
Applied Sociology. When I knelt to pick them up, I got a
chance to confirm that I wasn't daydreaming. She really
was the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. She smiled
at me — suppressing a laugh, maybe, but it was a smile
and I was sticking to it.

An hour later I was sitting at my carrel and had
barely made it through one journal. | just couldn't
concentrate, even on an article supposedly docu-
menting the "recurrent mass hysteria" of supernatural
events. I knew that was bull, of course. It had been
three weeks since my eyes had been opened to a
whole other world. I still got the shivers thinking of
the lonely little dead girl who'd come up to me that
night. Thinking of her dredged up recriminations,
too. Couldn't I have helped more? Couldn't I have
stopped the pain before she was dead?

Ishook my head to return to the present. I hoped to
focus on the article in front of me. Instead, I dwelled on
that woman.

She was reading Walt Whitman when I found her.
She was mesmerizing, sitting in one of the plush chairs
tucked away in the back of the library, so focused on her
book. Books were my passion, but standing there watch-
ing her eyes flick from word to word made me feel like
a part-time reader, one of those Sunday browsers at
Barnes and Noble who wanders through the aisles but
ends up buying Maxim.

I didn't even notice my sight shift. I just slowly
became aware that something was wrong with her.
It was as if she was sick or out of place somehow.
Like a Shakespeare folio stuck between issues of
Popular Mechanics.

"Excuse me, miss? Are you all right?"

I couldn't believe what I was doing. In high school
I could barely look a girl in the eye, and here I was trying
to strike up a conversation with someone who could
have walked off the cover of Elle. Then again, during
high school I didn't see dead people walk the streets or
warlocks eat cheeseburgers in diners.

When she didn't look up, I thought of walking
away. But I couldn't just hide anymore. Things were
different now.

HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

"Um, I'm sorry to bother you...."

"Oh, yes?"

She didn't sound angry or confused or anything, but
my head swam for a second. Part of it was that 18-year-
old virgin kicking in again, but mostly it was that sense
of her being off. 1 couldn't reconcile the conflicting
feelings, and I just stared.

She should have ignored me or told me to get lost.
Instead, she motioned for me to sit. "My name is
Phaedra," she said, smiling with perfectly straight white
teeth between burgundy lips.

It wasn't until later that she showed me her fangs.
* * *

The Footnotes Café wasn't what I would qualify as
wheelchair accessible. Sure, it had a ramp outside to
help me get around the three concrete steps to the door,
but then the door had a half-inch lip. Inside, the decor
was just shy enough of trendy not to be passé, and didn't
leave me much room to maneuver. The bookshelves
were packed tight so I could barely make the turn at the
end of an aisle, and anyone larger than a Chihuahua
blocked my chair.

The café part of the experience was literally above
someone like me, on a mezzanine accessible only by an
expensive wrought-iron spiral staircase. It was set up
just right, so the beautiful people could look down at me
struggling while they sipped their double-latte chai.

I didn't really pay too much attention to the freshly
caffeinated cream of the Harvard-Radcliffe crop. In-
stead, I went under the mezzanine to where the real
books were. The first-editions room.

[hesitated a second before pushing my wheelchair
through the door. It was just as | remembered it: Glass-
fronted bookcases lined every wall, filled to the brim
with leather-bound tomes dating back to the early 19th
century. A small counter was at the back, where the
owner served a client.

The whole room was a rebuke to the hipper-than-
hip café culture that surrounded it. Henry Foote had let
his daughter take over the shop — and turn its finances
around — on the condition that he got to keep this
roomas he liked it. He told me that in better days, when
I didn't have any trouble getting around the place.

I waited for the client at the counter to turn
around. She looked down at an open book. Just as
enthralled — and enthralling — now as she was so
long ago in that library. I knew she wouldn't break
away from the page, so I executed that most cliché of
"notice me" cues. I coughed.

When she turned, Phaedra looked as beautiful as
ever. When she saw me, she did something | didn't
think was possible. She got paler.

"Jackson," she said, half a statement, half a question.

"You know I prefer Jake, Phaedra." I wheeled in
closer. "It's good to see you."

"Jackson suits you much better. It's more gentle
More poetic."

"I don't think Ihave much poetry left in me these days"

She looked down at my lap where my legs used tobe.
"Perhaps I should go."

"Not without me. We need to talk." I got closerstill,
"You owe me that much."

Something in me triggered when her eyes turned
hard. I focused my sight and saw the blood-red glow
pulse around her, almost as if it was fighting to get out.
I'd just hit a nerve.

"Let's go." Curt, cold and callous. Like the predato

she was.
* * *

When | walked to the bed, part of me knew | wasin
over my head, but most of me didn't care. I was aboutto
learn something about vampires — and maybe get laid.

I rested there and looked up at the moon through
the loft's skylight. Phaedra moved like cat, crawling on
top of me and straddling my lap. I couldn't see the moon
anymore, but | really didn't mind.

"Is this your home?" I asked. The walls were lined
with bookshelves, each one with a fine collection of:
leather-bound books. We'd already established thats
was a collector of American authors. My eyes fell on The
Murders in the Rue Morgue.

"Yes, it is."

That was a lie. There were a lot of books here, but
nothing rare. If she was a collector, she'd keep het
favorites where she really hung her hat — just like I
never let my first edition of The Big Sleep out of my sight.
She was a bookworm, like me.

I didn't call her on it, probably because she wa
unbuttoning my shirt. Her thighs were pressed again!
my sides and I knew full well I couldn't move, but het
hand on my chest just felt too good for me to muster tp
much concern.

"Very nice," she said. Her hands passed over m
nipples, eliciting an immediate reaction. "You trust me'

"Um... of course," I stammered as my pleasutt
centers hit overload. "But, is this really necessary!"

She pinched my left nipple and pleasure bounce
into pain for a second. She leaned over and put herlig
to my ear. "I said it was, didn't I? It's the way these thing
are done, Jackson."

Her cold tongue moved up my earlobe, bate
touching the skin, sending shivers down my spit
Then she sat up and reached behind her back to pulld
her top. The lacy thing underneath was off a hearthes
later. "Just relax, let me take care of you."

"Okay." I was barely thinking anymore.


She leaned forward again, this time playing her
tongue across my neck and down my sternum. Then she
moved to my nipple, which was still throbbing from the
pinch. She bit.

Iwas aware of two needles piercing my skin and that
feeling rising in me, trying to keep me focused. I sup-
pressed it, giving in to the moment. The rush took over.
[felt hot and cold, weak and strong, all at once. I guess
Idon't really have a frame of reference, but to me it felt
like sex. Really, really good sex.

An eternity later she moved back and I looked at
her, my own blood still on her lips. Her hand moved
slowly and seductively to her own breast and then her
wrist flicked faster than I could see. A red-black bead
formed on her nipple and I couldn't take my eyes off it.
She moved back just slightly, reached forward and
pulled me to her.

"Your turn, lover."

Her blood was cold and rich, and I drank gladly.

* * *

"How did you find me, Jake?"

She was walking alongside me as I rolled toward a
nearby park. The sidewalk was a pain, full of cracks and
enough debris to make maneuvering that much harder,
so | didn't answer for a while.

"T saw the post on booksbyfoote-dot-com. I knew
you'd never be able to resist a copy of Usher with notes
by Baudelaire."

She smiled. "I've never been that great an admirer
of French literature, but Les fleurs du mal is truly
exceptional. And of course, his translations of poor
Edgar's works are sublime. The chance to glimpse at
his thinking when he worked on The Fall of the House
of Usher was—"

"Seductive?"

She smiled. "I was going to say miraculous, but
perhaps you're right."

We got to the park and entered. My wheels didn't
do too well on the dirt and gravel, and Phaedra moved
to the back of the chair.

"No handles, Phaedra." I pushed through the last of
the gravel and onto the paved path. "Some things I've
got to do for myself."

"Yes, I suppose so." The coldness was back, like a
frost on the air between us. "So before we venture into
another discussion of literature, why don't you tell me
why you sought me out. Is this some sort of trap?"

I set the brake on my chair. "Do I look like I came
here for a I fight?"

"Just answer my question."

The world reduced to her eyes, and my tongue
started to move before I could think. I'd almost opened
my mouth when the sight came back and broke the
spell. She was strong, but so was I. "No tricks, Phaedra."

PROLOGUE: SECOND CHANCES

She shifted her stance and I could see muscles
tensing under cold flesh. I'd just stepped on the
tiger's tail, but figured the truth might keep it
from pouncing.

"J found you because I wanted to talk to you. To ask
you ‘why."

"J... [don't want to talk about that, Jackson." She
stepped back and turned around, as if dismissing me.
Like a pet. I snapped.

"Too fucking bad, Phaedra! I need to know!"

"For what?" she spat. "Your little reports and projects?"

"No! For me!" I could feel my eyes starting to
water, and I hated myself for it. "We had something,
Phaedra. I... I cared for you and you nearly killed me.
And then—"

She didn't let me finish. "You lied to me, Jackson.
You brought that maniac with you."

"Goddamn it, Phaedra! You know [ had nothing to
do with that. I didn't know he was following me. I never
would have betrayed you."

"].... Maybe, but at the time...."

"Do you have any idea what the past few months
have been like? Forget that I'm a freak. Forget that I
sleep with a gun beside my bed. I spent months in the
hospital trying to even remember why the fuck I wanted
to live! You lose your temper and I lose my life!"

We stared at each other for long moments. I was
breathing heavily, trying to regain some composure.
She wasn't breathing at all.

"You treated me like a thing. Like a piece of meat.
That was wrong."

It was like a dark cloud came over her. Shadows
seemed to play over her features and I felt more than
heard a rumbling in her chest.

"How dare you tell me what's right and wrong! Your
little morality plays don't interest me. | am what I am.
You're nothing but a meal!"

That's when the tiger pounced. She was on top of
me ina second, knocking the chair over and sending me
onto my back. But before she could lay a hand on me, |
could hear the voices whisper. By the time | hit the
ground, I was glowing. She leaped back.

"You can't hurt me anymore, Phaedra. You have to
talk to me."

For several seconds she didn't. She circled me, her
features predatory. Two long fangs extended from her
ruby lips and her eyes seemed black as night. She tried
to move forward but couldn't and growled.

"There's nothing left to say." She stepped back from
the glow and straightened up, suddenly utterly civilized
again. "Goodbye, Jackson."

She turned and walked away, but not before I saw a
red tear run down her cheek.

* * x

HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

By the time I walked into the loft for the third time,
I'd gotten to know Phaedra's mood swings. This was a
dark one.

"T thought you'd never get here." She walked up to
me quickly, without much of the sensual sashay I'd
come to expect. She was angry. "A blue-blooded bas-
tard cost me a Thoreau manuscript tonight. He burned
it out of spite."

She reached me and her hand was between my legs
and her mouth was at my neck. "Mmmm, yes," she
purred and then shifted her hands to hoist me over her
shoulder. "I'm thirsty."

She threw me onto the bed without much delicacy
and started taking off my clothes with little more.

Then the door exploded and everything went crazy.

"Time's up, demon!" The man who came through
the smoking wreck of an entrance was wearing army
fatigues and a flak jacket. He had a gun ina holster, but
he was swinging a tire iron, instead. A red-hot tire iron.

"Andy?" [said it before my brain could tell me to shut
up. Phaedra looked down at me like I was fly in her soup.

"You know him?" she demanded. She was mad.

Before I even sat up, she was tangling with Andy.
He took a good swing and caught her on the arm. The
blow made a sound like meat sizzling, and she sprang
back into a low, animalistic crouch. She bared her fangs
and growled. I started to move.

"That's it, bitch," Andy said, "feel the burn."

1 took a few steps toward them, hoping to defuse the
situation, but it was too late. Phaedra ducked left and
Andy came down with the tire iron again — or at least
tried to. Phaedra's right hand moved faster than I could
see, catching Andy's wrist mid-swing. She clamped her
left hand around his neck, twisted her body and pulled.

There was a wet popping sound. The tire iron was
still glowing when it hit the ground along with the
pounds of meat that had been Andy's arm. I ran out
trying to put the slaughterhouse sounds behind me. I
darted down the hall and through an emergency exit
into the alley behind Phaedra's building.

"No so fast, lover." She grabbed my shoulder and
spun me around like a rag doll. She was covered in gore,
beautiful and terrible like a cobra.

"It's not polite to run away." She pushed me up
against the wall, held me against it with one hand and
grabbed my left leg with the other. "You should never
Tun away."

Then she twisted. And pulled. I blacked out.
*

* *

"J told you she would not speak to you, da?"

1 was wheeling along the hallway of my apartment
building. Fyodor was waiting by the door. As usual, he
was stroking his Karl Marx beard and smoking that god
awful pipe.

"It wasn't the conversation | was hoping for, no."[
got out my keys —right next to the taser — and fumbled
with the locks. They were awkwardly high up the door,
and the super refused to do anything about it.

"What else do you expect from a creature who stole
your legs? Who tried to kill you?"

"It's more complicated than that." I hoped Fyodor
would get the hint and drop it, but I knew he wouldn't

"You think you were in love with the beast, da? You
think she loved you." He sucked on his pipe again, |
sending blue-gray smoke billowing. "You are just like
young William. So set in your ways."

"You mean Violin99?"

"Very good, Jake. I'm glad to see that you've been
paying attention. I wonder, though, if youcan see that, why
can't yousee the self-evident truth that this creature is vile!
She dismembered you, did she not? She left you to die."

I turned the chair to face him. "You haven't figured
it out, have you? Yeah, she crippled me and left me
there. But I didn't die. I woke up in a hospital and they
patched me together."

"The Messengers protect their own, Jackson."

"Bull! I should have bled to death in that alley. But
I didn't. The cops told me they found me crawling into
the street. There's no way I could have crawled any-
where, especially not around a building!"

"Amazing things are possible, Jake."

"Sure, like cops and doctors just writing off my
injuries as a ‘car accident'? My legs were twisted off by
hand, for God's sake! All the medical reports I saw said |
I was in a car accident. That the driver's insurance was
covering my care. Someone made sure I was found and
that no one asked too many questions."

"The devil?" He puffed more blue smoke. "Surely it
was just protecting itself..."

"Tf that was true she would have let me die. She
saved my life."

"Yes, that does change matters, doesn't it?"

"Yeah. Whether she admits or not, she's‘no mon-
ster. I have to find her."

"We can do that together." He puffed again. "You
may help me with my endeavors. I will be glad to help
you with yours."

I didn't say anything. If he could help...

"Jackson, trust me."

I did, of course.


HUNT ER-SOOK

By Puitivrs Bourte, Ken Gurre AND ADAM T INWORTH

a ey


Creprrs

Authors: Philippe Boulle, Ken Cliffe and Adam Tinworth
Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ed Hall

Devil's Advocate: Michael Lee

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Mitch Byrd, Langdon Foss, Vince Locke,
Brad Rigliey

Front Cover Art: Tommy Lee Edwards

Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

1 Scanned by Reka

Ware Wocr Hockey Spzciat YT iqnts
Tim "The Kid" Avers (Defense), for doing all the
running on the old farts' behalf.

Andrew "Chrome Dome" Bates (#6, Defense), for
distracting the other team with something shiny while
everyone else tries to score.

Phil "Two Periods" Boulle (Wing). "Next time I prom
ise I'll make it to the third."

Chad "Ghost" Brown (#14, Defense). "There was an
other season?"

Brian "Hip Check" Glass (#84, Defense), for finally
realizing that he should use his size to make other teams.
wear the boards.
Rich "Fighty" Thomas (#13, Defense), for going after
other teams' families in the parking lot.

Mike "Pipes" Tinney (#11, Goal). Pads: $1500. Stick
$500. Having knees like kindling: Priceless.

Compiled By

© 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserve
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
ES) PARK Nort BLVD. expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for |
* SUITE 18 blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for person:
' use only. White Wolf and World of Darkness are registere
CLARKSTON, GA 3002] trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved, |
Hunterthe Reckoning, Hunter Storytellers Companion, Huntei
USA Survival Guide, Hunter the Walking Dead, Hunter Bool
PUBLISHING Avenger, Hunter Book Defender and Hunter Book Innocent
are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
} served. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the tradema
or copyright concerned. q
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatura
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
: PRINTED IN THE USA.


HUNTER - BOOK

INNOCENT)

Tapiror Conrsnrs

PROLOGUE: SECOND CHANCES il
WrrRODUCT ION i8
Cimprer CHEARmey ie GAL 22
Corre 2: Davey Davour 34
Guyver 3:Inhy T ocerier 48
Car 4:Axorun Day 56
Capron: New Rutss 68

CuprnG:Baessmnrre Woods


: =e
, hy
: 74 NY ™ .
isis
2 NN ze
aha Ae Ison
Sica. nbaber Ns N

$ ms Nits
SS SITES AMSTSSS
ae a.


INTRODUCTION

lamclean without transgression, I am innocent; neither

is there iniquity in me.

— Job 33:9

Wirn Hore in Y nein Hears

Hunter Book: Innocent is a sourcebook that helps
you develop a better understanding of the Innocent creed
and its emerging role in the world of Hunter: The Reck-
oning. As an Innocent, you respond to the supernatural
with empathy instead of outrage. Even the vilest monster
deserves some consideration, some compassion, or else
what's the point of the imbuing? Brushing off fear, cyni-
cism and hate, you offer an open hand to the nightmares.
This path is by no means an easy one — most other
"hunters" dismiss you as a fool bound to get yourself killed
(never mind that those same zealots are happy to accept
whatever assistance you provide). So, what makes you
tick? What spark of hope allows you to be optimistic in a
world of despair? This book helps you decide, to determine
who your Innocent is, before and after the imbuing — and
all the creed's new powers and rules don't hurt, either.

But just as you need to better understand your own
Innocent, youmnust understand imbued society asit emerges;
the two are inextricably intertwined. As each of the newly
imbued struggles to understand her new world, origins and
purpose, she inevitably compares experiences, philoso-
phies and fears with others she encounters on the streets or

via the Internet. At first, the recently awakened latch onto
anyone who understands them; this new world is just too
terrifying to contend with alone. Intime, however, asmore
and more imbued dare meet and make overtures to find
each other, individuals with similar attitudes and theories
are attracted to one another and develop like-minded
circles. These foundling social groups are the foundations
for what ultimately become the creeds.

Yet, in these early days, many various imbued can
seem to have common goals. As the chosen make
contact, try to understand their mutual condition and
strive to work together, similar goals and comparable
experiences can hide fundamentally different philoso-
phies, whether about imbued purpose, the nature of the
Messengers or the necessary fate of the supernatural. All
imbued agree that the other side's hold on humanity
must be broken, but not everyone agrees on how to
accomplish such a thing. Mutual experiences and mu-
tual values turn out to be two very different things.
Imbued can therefore be taken by surprise when a fellow
"Innocent" really proves to be a militant Defender or a
distracted Visionary. Sometimes, the chosen aren't even
sure of their own ideals until they become immersed
completely in the mission.


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

It's only after the imbued become fully devoted to
or even obsessed with the calling that their approaches
to it become purposeful and refined. Some become
determined to save monsters' souls. Others want to see
these creatures utterly destroyed. When this distillation
is complete, the creeds as social classifications finally
arise. Innocent recognizes Innocent and Avenger rec-
ognizes Avenger, all through the creeds' codified values,
intentions and goals in the hunt.

When will the imbued achieve such social structure?
It could take months, or years, as they struggle to under-
stand themselves and then each other. The fact that so
many edges seem to be shared by the chosen of various
perspectives and personalities doesn't help, either. When
creeds as institutions are finally acknowledged, however,
the mission may finally gain the momentum it needs to
save humanity, once and forall. Or perhaps such cumber-
some and fractious divisions will be the mission's undoing,
as imbued fall to infighting and politics rather than
upholding their higher purpose.

Ultimately, the course of your chronicle and your
Storyteller's vision decide when the creeds become widely
recognized in your game. In themeantime, your Innocent's
fully developed identity helps define his own society.
Perspecrivis

The opinions, theories, information and outlooks
expressed in this book are presented in three distinct
"voices." These Innocent narrators typify the spectrum
of personalities across the creed as a whole. Each of
these people presents his or her own take on the origins,
tactics, relations and ultimate fate of Innocents, and on
the imbued in general.

The creed and its members' views evolve constantly as
Innocents try to define themselves in a world they no
longer understand. With no other frame of reference, the
chosen often resort to the ideas, virtues and philosophies
they possessed before their transformation. No two Inno-
cents have the same thoughts about their origins, for
example. Thus, the questions the imbued ask of themselves
and their world — not any specific belief system — best
illustrate their individual and collective identity. After
reading this book, you should have asense of the drives and
hopes that inspire and motivate various Innocents. You
should sense what keeps the spark of hope alive in their
hearts, and what influences their relations with other
imbued. We also hope that you're inspired to fully develop
your character's identity and beliefs, to make him just as
compelling in his work for a better world.

How ro Use Tats Book

Hunter Book: Innocent shows you the World of
Darkness through fresh eyes. Each chapter deals with
one broad theme.

Chapter 1: Hearing the Call depicts Innocents
struggle with their origins. They express theories on the
supernatural, the imbued and the Messengers.

Chapter 2: Day in, Day out explores how Inno
cents attempt to follow the Messengers' plan. They
discuss general theories and offer specific advice about
touchy situations, such as creatures who respond to an
open hand with tooth and claw.

Chapter 3: In It Together addresses Innocents' rela
tionships with others. They discuss their feelings toward
the community at large and toward various other imbued:

Chapter 4: Another Day focuses on Innocenti
perceptions of and hopes for the future. Just where does
the mission take the imbued?

Chapter 5: New Rules provides expanded systems
and advice for playing Innocents, including new edges,
guidelines for gaining Conviction and how your charac
ter can create charms.

Chapter 6: Babes in the Woods details so
prominent Innocents and provides ready-to-play char
acter templates.

Lexicon

Innocents have something of the awkward teenager
about them. They tend to be at a loss for words, and the
loaded language of other creeds — "hunt," "monster,
"bloodsucker" — only frustrates them. Many have tried
to develop other ways to describe their topsy-turvy lives,
and these terms slowly filter through Vitalis and hunter
net at large. Innocents without access to the Internet
may make similar efforts to change the perspectives of
any fellow imbued with whom they work. They prob
ably have their own terms for the other side and the
calling in general. Ultimately, it doesn't matter. A
communication, whether with another imbued or
world of them, furthers Innocents' cause. ‘

bully: A supernatural creature that takes pleasuré
in causing fear or pain.

burnout: Any imbued who has seen too muchd
the mission and suffered psychologically. Innocents
apply this term to mean those who display extreme
derangements, those with violent tempers, and to thos
who drop out of the hunt altogether.

call, the: The imbuing. Innocents say they "hear
the call." Sometimes "the voice."

DADT: "Don't Ask, Don't Tell." A label for th
Innocent attitude toward discussing harmless supematl
ral creatures with militant hunters; an informal coded
silence intended to stop other hunters from going afta
the creatures Innocents discuss or make contact with

game hunter: An imbued who targets specific type
of creatures. Innocents see game hunters as destructi
to the mission as a whole.


godhead: An imbued person who leadsa cult of person-
ality or who maintains the pretense of divinity. Sometimes
used to mean Martyrs, but it can and does apply to others as
well, including some Avengers and Redeemers.

headshrinker: An overly analytical imbued who
spends her time trying to categorize rather than accept.
Often applied to Judges, but it can also refer to others —
including some Innocents.

hidden, the: Euphemism for the supernatural.

hometown hero: ‘An imbued who pledges herself to
defending a specific place, typically the neighborhood
where she lives. Often synonymous with Defender.

honcho: An imbued who must always be in com-
mand. Sometimes used to mean Visionary or Judge.
Stronger variations include "head honcho" and even
"headest honcho."

loner: An imbued who refuses to cooperate or
associate with others. Innocents perceive this as key
sign of burnout.

other side, the: Euphemism for the supernatural.

plan, the: The mission, the hunt

pup: A harmless supernatural creature who either
remains contained or fades away if left alone.

shark: A supernatural creature who consciously
takes advantage of an Innocent's optimism and trust to
doher or others harm, usually by luring the imbued into
alair or trap of some sort. Derived from other imbued
nicknaming Innocents "bait."

soldier: A hunter who approaches the mission as a war,
imposing martial discipline on those around him and typi-
callysporting military weapons. Oftenused tomean Avenger.

tough: A hunter whose self-image depends on being
undefeated and unstoppable. One who reacts violently to
Most situations. Often used to mean Avenger or Defender.

Arversuock

The premise of Hunter Book: Innocent is the fallout
from events on the Vitalis list and from events in this book's
prologue. The Innocent extremist Oracle171 runs scared
from monsters and imbued after the murder of her allies at
the hands of the walking dead. Some consider her a victim
ontherun, while others believe her a traitor. Bookworm55,
the closest the creed has to a spokesman, also vanishes
during this crisis. Imbued using Vitalis try to make sense of
events. Ones who contribute to the list tend to agree with
Bookworm's optimistic outlook. Vitalis thus slowly be-
comes the "Innocent homepage" linked to hunter-net.

Source MareRiat

Who says Innocents are too naive to experience the
world? Or too simple to know the difference between
tight and wrong? Innocent people can change the
world, just like any others. Here are some examples of

A Rove For Sronvretiers

Events in this book's website introduction af- #
fect developments throughout. Innocent picks up }
on Oracle171's story from Hunter: The Walking }
Dead and puts her on the run from various enemies.
The fate of Bookworm55 also unfolds.

These narratives make Hunter Book: Innocent
more than discussion from disparate narrators and }
} more than a resource for new rules. This book carries
forward the Hunter meta-plot, the ongoing plotof the
# game. Don't feel compelled to adhere to these devel- }
} opmentsin yourchronicle, though. Future supplements
} will continue to follow Oracle and Bookworm's expe-
}_tiences, but you can make of them what works best for
your game. Other developments, such as events in
Montreal and the details of Oracle's encounters with
other hunters (or the exact outcome of her expedition
}_ to Greece in Walking Dead) can be developed by you
completely. Feel free to change events or locales to
make your troupe's characters directly involved. This
book isnotan Unchangeable Plot Element, it's astring

of story hooks. Use it as you like.

movies and comics with innocent protagonists, who
impact the lives of everyone they know.

Forrest Gump: A quintessential American (if politi-
cally conservative) fable, this is probably the ultimate
representation of optimism triumphing over all odds
(and of the applications of the Fool's Luck edge). Make
Forrest's whole life like the Vietnam sequences, and you
have the world of Innocents.

Brooklyn Dreams: This comic, written by J.M.
DeMatteis, follows a grown man's recollections of growing
up in 1970s Brooklyn. Amid drugs and teenaged foolish-
ness, he discovers the simple divinity within. Much of
DeMatteis' work deals with that same divine and universal
love, but Dreams does so in the most mundane context.

The Jam: Bernie Mirreault's quirky comic about a
regular guy who happens to dress as a superhero. The
mood is too light-hearted for Hunter, but the attitude
of the main character — who stays focussed on the
pleasures of going out with the guys, living with the
woman he loves and walking the dog, despite fighting
the agents of Satan — is pure Innocent.

The Professional: Luc Besson's film about a "slow"
but deadly killer and a precocious girl who find a bond
of hope in a world of double-crossing father figures and
hyper-violence.

The Sixth Sense: A little boy goes from fear to
understanding to acceptance of the ghosts who haunt
him, a journey all Innocents struggle to make.

a


CHAPTER i: HEARING THE CALL

Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the
ungodly , nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor sitteth in the

seat of the scornful.
— Psalms 1:1

One Mors Srp invo MADNEss

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject What's wrong with everyone?

Someone threatened to kill me today. He wasn't a puppet or
a vampire. He was one of us, a friend, | thought.

Idon't think I've ever mentioned this before, but spenda lot
of time with a few others who've heard the voice. They don't live in
my neighborhood oranything — actually it's a good two hours of
freeway to get there. One of them (I'll call him Daniel) issomething
ofa hometown hero and I convinced him to set upa place for us to
meet and stay. What those spy shows call a "safe house," I guess.

I won't name anyone who uses the house, but! know that at
least one other person ison this ist. think Daniel is,and probably
others (if ‘you're reading this, please email me — we need to talk).
Iknow this because of what happened today.

I guess I should start at the beginning, It was three days ago,
when I was coming, home from work at the hospital. It's a big
hospital. I work in the ER, so you can imagine how tired I was. (No,
it's not like on television.) On my way home every night, I pass by
aschool and usually there are kids playing basketball, even late at
night. This time, like many others, | decided to stop and watch for
a few minutes. It may seem silly to you, but I really like seeing the

boys having fun.

It took me several minutes to realize that | wasn't alone.
There wasa nifio, a little baby, standing in a corner watching the
boys too. I used the Messenger's gifts to see and knew that it was
different, so I tried to get closer. When I did, I saw that it wasn't
alive. It was pale and looked very sick — a walking dead. When
I tried to get closer, it ran off, sort of crawling like a crab or an
insect. | tried to follow, but it got away.

That sad little baby who has died but can't rest made me very
upset. It still does. It just doesn't seem fair that such a thing could
be. I needed to talk to people who would understand and maybe
help me find the child and help it Sol went this morning to see my
friends up north.

When I got there, they were arguing with each other.
They were yelling about this thing in Canada that Bookworm
has talked about — the people who died and what happened
with Oracle (that's how I know at least one other person ison
hunter-net). They were screaming so much] was afraid they'd
start fighting. Especially John (that's not his name, but I'll
call him that). He was getting violent. | wanted to give them
something else to talk about sol told them about the baby. At
first it seemed to work. He and Daniel started talking about
heading down to my area and finding the zombito — the
little zombie.

Itwas onlywhen we were about to head outside that John said
he was going to hurt it — to "put a bullet between its eyes." I was

shocked. I told him no, that we had to help this little baby. It was


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

what some have called a pup. It hadn't hurt anyone. John looked
at me like I was crazy and reached fora gun.

He was screaming, Telling me to get out. Telling me | was
"just like Oracle and Bookworm and Potter." He said I wase
traitorand told me he should kill me. John can be violent but lhad
never seen him like this. Daniel, who owns the house, stoppedhim
and calmed him down, but told me I should leave. He told John
that I deserved to live, but not to "hunt."

This is crazy! Bookworm is gone, Oracle is on the run, and
everyone seems to be turning on everyone else.

John, Daniel, if you're reading this, you know who you ate
(andwholam).Please getin touch sowecanstop this. Anyoneout
there who can help, please do.

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: My reasons (if you care)

A lot of people sent me mail after my last post, some saying

that they had experienced similar things — DictatrixI I, get well |

Guar Session
<nurse216>Hola, is anyone here?
Wonderful.

So much forgetting anything constructive done, |
Excuse me? i
The army of the righteous doesn't have a place

for Judases or Pharisees.

Judas?
Listen carefully and perhaps you can under
stand: we don't need or want your kind. Traitorsand

weaklings will get us all killed.

[haven't betrayed anyone. Neither has Oracle aI

So you're a stupid cow instead of a treasonous f

cow. I don't have time for either kind.

How much does 30piecesofsilver get youthese days!

Is all you can do is insult me? This is a "chat

/toom," s{? Let's chat, then.

She wants to chat. TO FUCKING CHAT! |
What? What's wrong with you? |
What's wrong is that we are in a war for our li

and the lives of everyone around us. What's wrong
that our world is being held hostage by beasts at
f horrors. What's wrong is that some of you seet

unable to accept that *this is a war, not a soci
} occasion.* Do you get that?

But it doesn't have to be a war.

Do us all a favor and get yourself killed.

>god45 has left the room< :

You understand that it can't be a war, don' "¢ y

>crusader17 has left the room<

Hello?

~ Anyone?
>chat session has timed out<


soon — others telling me I was a traitor. Very few people seem to

understand what | thought we all understood. That frightens me. | To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org

I actually thought of leaving hunter-net altogether today. I | From: profesorgeo160
mean, if no one sees what I see, 1 wondered, what's the point? But Subject: Vitalis is energy — an explanation
| guess I'm not ready to give up so easily. I think we need to | Hola, amigos.

communicate better if we're ever going to cooperate, so | guess I'll

i and speak f Several weeks ago, Bookworm asked me to
go ahead and speak first.

} provide an explanation of "vitalis" for others and
I've decided to use Bookworm55's vitalislist to email my ff here it is. I've been away at a conference so could
thoughts on what we are, what we do and where we're going, I'll try | not post any messages, but let me tell you that
totake my time and really explain what! mean. | hope many of you Santiago Chile still has many many problemas. I
will come by and see that | am nota traitor or a fool. } will write to hunter-net itself to tell you about that.
Thosewhowanttoignoreme,|guessyoucanignoreall ofthis, too. So, vitalis and vitalismo. I believe in vitalismo

— Nurse } because I am a man of science. | must believe that
: there is an explanation for all the problemas I have
ORIGINS AND EXPLANAY IONS seen since | teeing Ilanero. The things I can do,
i they require energy and so do the things the beasts

and lost ones do. Everything requires energy.
I call this energy vitalis. You can think of it as
electricity in batteries, except the batteries are
| people. The ghosts and beasts, they do not have
H energy of their own and so they need to take it from
others. Yes, when a vampire drinks blood, he his
taking energy. When ademon-wolf eats a farmer, it
is taking energy. I even think that when a ghost is

} scaring you, it is taking energy.

Si, sf. Emotion is energy too, verdad? When we
are angry we can hit very hard, when we are in love
we can do many things. But when we are scared we
i loose energy. We can run, but not very far. Usually
we stay where we are and hope no one will see us.

Tox vitalis.lis(@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject Where do we come from? (my views, part I)
Beginning is always the hardest part. I'm staring at the termi-
nal here in the records room, thinking to myself how do I start?
How do I say what I feel? This is very difficult.
Before I even begin I guess I should tell you I don't
really know how often I'll be able to send these messages
(other people use the terminal) or even how long this project
of mine will take. Just thinking about this gives me even
more respect for Witness!. Maintaining all of hunter-net
must take so much time!
Yes, enough delays. Ifl don't start this, I'll never get finished.
Let's see, the first thing I guess is us. Who are we, anyway?

Recerring Who WE Ars The generalisimos have always used this and the
Thaven't been on hunter-net very long, but it looks like a lot } beasts do too.

of people have spenta lottime talkingaboutwherewecomefrom, ff We llaneros, we do not steal energy. The Mes-

aboutwhat we are,about howwe came to be. Everyone seems to say sengers or the world as a whole has given us the

weve been "imbued" but no one agrees by who or what. i energy of hope, given us much vitalis. If we use it
For my part, I don't think these questions are very impor- correctly, we can share it and make everyone stron-

tant. The question we're all really asking is who we are, but we ger. Maybe we can stop the lost ones from needing

already know the answer to that. I'm the same person | was before to steal energy. That is vitalis.

Theard the voice. I haven't changed. My world has changed, but
lam the same person. We've all gained the ability to do extraor-
dinary good, to make the world a better place for our children.
This is what every parent strives for, and I for one am not going
to look this gift horse in the mouth.

When I was I7 and anew mother, and I heard my baby cry for
food at two in the moming, | didn't stop to wonder how he learned

Oh, yes, I forgot. This vitalis, this energy of
hope, we have to keep it as hope. If we create fear,
then we are just stealing energy like the lost ones.
We cannot do that.

Adios.

tocry. | got up and took care of my son. This is the same thing. teecui sia of itas _ ae ie om that "
" 4 angels of God watch over us and can do Mis work when we nee
Tucortss and Gonecrure His help. I needed it and I got it

Of course, I do wonder about just who was speaking that But angels are just what I call the voice. Others have called it
night when they wheeled my dead son into the ER. I can the voice of God Himself, the spirits of nature, the ghosts of the
remember si tting there, my only child's body cooling while the dead, oraliens from outer space. I think these are all the same. This

doctors tried to save the boy who shot him. I gave in to the voice, this force, comes from elsewhere and guides us. Call them
despair then, I think. My boy had been in gangs for a few years Heralds. Call them Messengers. Call them angels. The important
and had been in jail twice already — soyoung to be acriminal. thing is that we listen.

Now he was dead aftera stupid argument. | was crying and my If we could understand the voice of God, I don't think we

hope was dying. Then the voice came. would need to hear it in the first place.

a fe

HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

News FROM THE ROAD

From: sixofswords29
To: hunter.list®hunter-net.org
Subject: Bookworm55

Those of you worried about our bibliophile friend
since his decision to quit the hunter-net list and hit
the road will be glad to hear that I received a letter
from him this morning.

I hope he won't mind, but | intend to post it to the
Vitalis site he created. While I don't entirely agree with
many of the sentiments espoused on that separate list, it
seems appropriate.

Head over to http://vww.hunter-net.org/vitalis/
index.html if you want to subscribe.

Wao Gers Cactep

To: vitalis.list@hunter-netorg
From: nurse216
Subject Why me? & why us? (my views, part 2)

I'm realizing that this a good thing I'm doing here, because it
ismaking me ask questions I neverwould have. Like "why me?" Do
you know that Tve never really wondered. Why the plan involves
me, why I heard the voice and not someone else. It never even
occurred to me to ask until now.

Putting it into words is difficult because it seems like
sucha silly question. Like why is my hair black? Or why am
I my mother's daughter? But! suppose it isn't that simple —
not everyone is like this and for many years I wasn't either.
So there must be an answer. The only one I have is very
simple: | heard the voice because I was needed. Because |
am still needed.

When I heard the call and looked up to see my son as a
ghost, I wasn't just a random person suddenly endowed by
chance. If the orderly next to me or the bus driver waiting for
stitches or anyone else had heard the voice instead of me, they
couldn't have stopped things. They would have seen a ghost,
not my son. I saw mi hijo and I talked to him and I stopped him
from becoming a murderer.

No one else could have done that and that is why I
heard the voice.

Somerning ro Givs

Idonotthink that my own experienceis exceptional. We hear
the voice because we have something to contribute, something no
one else can. The messages we receive are not random. We see
things and hear things that have meaning to us. There isa plan to
all of this and we must each have a role in it.

Sometimes I wonder what I would have done had it not
been my boy sawasa ghost. What if he was still alive and I saw
the other child's spirit trying to kill him? Would I have under-
stood that I could convince him otherwise, that things did not
have to end in another death?! hope so, but] think that would
just have tried to defend my child — with violence.

} From: hopel23

To: nurse216

} CC: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org

} Subject: My family

| Nurse,

| You say you wonder what would have hap-

| pened if your son would have been in danger. This

i} happened to me. My son and I were in Tel Ay

} during a bomb threat. People were running do'
the streets and the army was there. (Bomb thre

} are very serious in Israel.)

| My boy was running with me and he tuns|

i faster, yes? He is young. I saw a man take him and |

| then I saw he was not a man, but a monster. I

i faster even than when | thought there was a bomb
and tried to get to my boy. I caught the man-
monster before he got away and I screamed and

} kicked him hard, like when I served my two years
in the army. He dropped my boy and we ran.

H _—It was later that I went back and found the |

} monster again. But he was not a monster, really.
More a scared man and we even talked briefly. He

} said he had lost control during the bomb scare, that

} his hunger had made him go after my son. He might
have been lying, but he did nothing to try to harm |

} me, so maybe I believe him. So yousee, youcanstill |

I listen to.the ones who want to talk, even after a'

H thing like that. :

| But I watch my boy very carefully now. I
listened to the sad creature, but I won't let anything |
like it near my son. ii

Shalom,
— Hope

Finp Wuar You Hays

I wish everyone could have an experience as cleara:
mine. I know that for many of us it seems so much more
complicated. All the things we face seem powerful and angry
and you think you can't do anything atall. Except maybe lash
out and hurt them back.

But is that the only thing you can give? If the only thing
you can do is hurt, maybe you haven't understood why you
heard the voice. Many people here on Vitalis and on hunter
net (and more across the world) have helped people, saved
children, healed the wounded and the "monsters." Youcat
do that too. Just remember that the thing at the end of you
gun has a heart as well.

We have been blessed because we can stop the pain
that makes the world so horrible. The "monsters" and e
crime and the drugs, all these are just symptoms ofa prod:
lem of the heart — a cycle of abuse and suffering. We cen:
break that chain. That's what we're here for. That's whj
we've been chosen.

Icould go ona long time about this, but! must go. Nexttine


Common Cause

From: sixofswords29
To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Bookworm55's thoughts on us
Hello there. While I don't pretend to share the
same views as most of you Vitalis subscribers, | hope
most of you know me from hunter-net as a fairly
open-minded fellow.
We do have one thing in common, I think. We all
% hold Bookworm55 in high regard. He's been out of
contact some weeks now. Well, much to my surprise |
received a letter from him this morning. To be frank,
some of what he says worries me greatly. So, I'm going
to break his confidence and post the letter to the list. I
would value your opinions.

Apologies for not doing it as soon as I got the letter, but
Tmnot the world's fastest typist. The sooner someone invents

| ascanner capable of OCRing handwriting, the better.

Dear SoS,

|shouldn't really be doing this, you know. Fyodor wouldn't approve.
Thewhole point of this road trip he's taking me onistoisolateme from other
chosen for a while, so | can get to know myself again.

But here | am, scribbling down my thoughts on paper, instead of to
acomputer screen. It's quite a refreshing change, actually. I've always loved
seeing words on paper, as | guess my hunter-net handle makes obvious. |
justhope you use that post office box for more than picking up the books
|manage to track down for you.

| guess that | miss expressing my thoughts in my own way instead
of in the extended question-and-answer sessions Fyodor puts me
through. While his interest is flattering, he's very intense. He's never
Interested in the details, and sometimes the details are what reveal the
most interesting facts.

Like the first thing | think of each morning, That's interesting, Ithought
ofher this morning, as | woke up. | think of her every morning, you know.

lopened up to her and she opened up to me. I'd never met anyone
So beautiful to me in mind, body and soul, We talked through the night,
the three nights we spent together. She opened my eyes to a world
that was like nothing I'd experienced or suspected existed, even after
|was chosen.

Sure, Purple had talked to me about some of it, but it was
always abstract to him, It was an intellectual experience, not one of
passion or involvement.

Anyway, Phaedra lived this life every night and it infected her every
move, her every decision. Everything she did was a move on the chess-
board of life's possibilities. Experiencing it through her was like living it for
real, not through the pages of a book.

And, each night, as we made love in our unique way, | became
part of that life. Part of her. Now it's over. Gone. | don't know how to go
on any more.

Wel, actually | do.

When I saw her again a couple weeks ago, all the feelings came back
after the months | spent trying to squash them. She hurt me but | still love

GHAPYER i: HEARING THE GALL

her, | know that she's a good person deep down, I've seen that part of her
too often to believe anyone who tells me otherwise.

Listen to me. Talking like I'm some normal kid with his heart broken
byhis firstlove. I've seen enough friends go throught, listened to them pour
out their hearts, say how hurt they are, how they can never trust anyone
again. I've held them and comforted them, and six months later they're
madly in love again.

Me? I'mnotone ofthem any more, am|? The minute the Messengers
first spoke to me, it all changed. | tried to go on as before, caring for those
| could, Then carne Phaedra.

My first love was a vampire and she hurt me, all right. She tore both
my legs off with her bare hands and left me bleeding on the sidewalk. And
yet, Istill want to forgive her. |wantto help her maintain the humanity that
she showed me. That's what I'm doing out here — searching for her to
let her know that | forgive her. Fyodor is a friend and one of us. He's
offered to help, though he seems more interested in me and what |
believe than in anything to do with Phaedra. Still, he's willing to help me
search for her, and | can certainly use it in my condition, despite my
determination to do things myself.

Tue Cuosen

Why did the Messengers choose me for all this? Who the hell are they
to inflict this life on me?

There's all kinds of theories out there about who the Messengers
are. There are probably as many as there are chosen, | guess. Some
of them seem utterly ridiculous. Aliens? No, | don't think so. The idea
of aliens versus "monsters" is just too much like a bad sci-fi movie.
Government experiment? Why use college kids instead of soldiers? If
the governmentreally is fighting a secret war against the supernatural,
it wouldn't use the likes of me.

lf any one theory appeals to me, it's that the Messengers are some
sort of manifestation of the human race's subconscious, rising within
each of us to say "no more" to the things that feed on the life force, the
Vitalis, within each of us.

It's a frightening thought, isn't it? There's no supernatural
omniscient deity behind the imbuing, just human nature. We all know
how fallible we can be. Every time Witness1 does a roll call on
hunter-net and a few more of us fail to reply, we see how fallible
human nature is. Every time | look down at the space where my legs
used to be, | see how fallible we are.

Toe Enemy"

To: vitalis.lis(@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: The other side (my views, part 3)
I started talking about this the last time, and I'm sure many of
you want me to get on with it.

(For those wondering where I've been ~ muchas gracias,
ProfesorGeo — for the last few days, I have been looking for
the baby I talked about before. I had a dream about it two
nights ago and knew had to search. There is a large construc-
tion site near the playground where | saw the zombito, and I
went looking there. The first night I found nothing, but the

next day I found Daniel — or he found me. I was afraid for a


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

second, but he lowered his gun and we talked. I won't go into
many details, but maybe Ican go back to the safe house soon.
Gracias, "Daniel." We never found the little baby. I will have
to continue to search.)

Yes, now back to the point. What of the bad things? The
zombies and ghosts and vampires? The ugly things that some of us
claim to "hunt"? Where do they come from?

I've seen many posts from Bookworm55, Doctorl19 and
others talking about the "biology" of these "monsters," but [
haven't seen much discussion of why. Why do some people come
back from death? Why do some creatures want to hurt people
while others don't even seem to care about us at all?

My son is a ghost, so I have thought of this very much. The
only answer that makes sense to me comes from my own experi-
ences. Let me tell you.

My fatherwasan angry man. He drank toomuch and beatmy
mother, my sister and I. My mother just accepted it as God's will
and letithappen. My sister ran away and nowlivesin another city.
I visit her when I can and have seen the same bruises on her
daughter that I once saw on her. I do not know if it is her or her

husband who does the beating.

Instead of running, I got pregnant. I met Carlo when I was
in high school and I thought he was the best man I had ever
seen. So tall muy hombre. I told myself (and my sister and my
mother) that he was everything my father was not. Of course, he
was more like mi padre than I would ever admit to myself. was
five months pregnant when he got mad at the television and
decided to break my jaw.

I left Carlo thenand my grandmother took mein. My mothe
cried that I had a child and no husband. I decided I would n
be beaten again and I certainly did not want to beat. Carlo wasit
and out of jail when my son wasa baby, and raised mi hijoasbe
I could and built a home for us. | went back to school and becam
anutse and hoped to make a good life for my little boy. Butin
he is dead.

In ourhome,| madea beautiful little world forus, butoutsi
other things touched him. Drugs and gangs were everywhere,
the streets, in the schools and on the television. Carlo gotoutofi
and insisted on getting to know his son, trying to teach him "how
be a man." By the time he was a teenager, my son idolized Ca
and wanted to be tough like him. He began to smoke and drinken
take drugs, and eventually he died.

Bad things make other bad things. Drinking and angering
parents' house made my sister hurt her children, led me ii
Carlo's bed, and took root in my son. Even with me caring forhin
others showed him ways to make that hate growandhe begantoi dl
like a monster.

Ifa little boy with a mother who loves him can becomeaki
of other boys anda dealer of drugs, why should we be surprised! tha
others can be so filled by hate that they walk even after deatl
These "monsters" are, I think, that full of violence and despait

Abusers are not born, they are made. It doesn't matter if the)
use a belt ora curse as their weapon. Their hate comes from
they have received. If we treat our mission like a war, we only
this cycle of violence worse. If we use care and compassion, we,
achance to help all the victims.


To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: rigger111
Re: This may all be bullshit...

CHAPYER i: HEARING THE CALL

I hooked up with a Chinese guy out here for a while. Bit of a flake, but you take what you can get sometimes.
Anyway, I showed him some stuff from the list — trust me, he's one OF aad ebeated ts say something, He
doesn't have a computer or nothing, so I said I'd post his message for him. It took him hours to punch out this}
fucking post and it strikes me as pansy-assed crap, but I said I'd do it so I'm doing it. |

*

*

* *

I came to this country in a ship. For many days we sailed. I had paid a man a large amount of money and

he told that it would be easy. He lied.

On the third night, a storm hit and many people were very sick. My cousin went mad. Fan was an angry man and
he yelled at the sailors and hit one of them with his fist. Soon many sailors were hitting him and his bones were broken
and he was bleeding. That night my cousin died and my hope to ever see my destination died too.

ded that they not dump my cousin's body in the sea and so they kept it in a small room to rot. Days later

in the middle of the night. Not to the rumble of my empty stomach or the pleading of another sick passenger.

heard a strong voice and it said "THE DEAD RISE." In the dark I went to the room, trying not to be seen by the
ho would beat me. I heard them screaming and went forward like a mouse. an

ere pulling on the door, trying to keep it closed, but it was opening. | watched and saw Fan come

. [knew it was him, but his body was pale ana dead. He had terrible claws instead of hands and

ad of a mouth. He attacked the sailors like a savage beast, biting at their necks and tearing out

flesh that he swallowed. One tried to run and Fan cut him in half with his hand. I was very

voice spoke again. "ALL WILL DIE," it said, and I knew Fan would not stop at the sailors who had}
he began to move toward the hold, I stepped forward and he saw me. I was very afraid but I spoke
eldiould riot have come back: You cannot hurt those who have done you no harm."
ents, Fan just looked at me. He did not breathe or move and blood dripped from his mouth,
d ran up to the deck of the sie I followed and saw as he ran toward, the edge of the ship.

Like I si , mostly loveysdovey bull. Anyone run into ih like "Fan," an Sounds like a rot to me.

Navurat SEtecrion

Why have we been chosen? What unites you and me and
Fyodor? The topic obsesses him. In the time we've been traveling
together, he's asked about it over and over. My opinions. My thoughts.
My references. Ah, yes, he's very interested in those — places where
|might have read about us.

For a while | thought we were there, on paper, in the pages of history
or mythology. We're the Greek heroes and Beowulf and Arthur, reborn.
Back to fight and slay the monsters once more.

Hurray for us!

Fyodor certainly seems to think that way. He keeps going on about
that document Violin99 posted to the list months ago. (He apparently
knows Violin99 and alludes to him from time to time. 'm obviously not the
first of us Fyodor has taken under his wing.)

|think he's wrong and I've told him as much. | guess he doesn't
mind, because he just smiles indulgently and strokes his beard. I'm
not convinced by this Karl Marx shtick of his. His accent slips
occasionally. It's almost as if he's become what he thinks he needs

to be to deal with me — something out of Chekhov. God, | hope that's
not too accurate a comparison

Anyway, he's wrong. We're not the heroes of old. That way of
thinking might suit the toughs, but it doesn't much suit me. I'm just a
kid in a wheelchair who's never had a girlfriend, Well, not a living one,
anyway. Not much chance of getting one now, either. Having to help
your date wheel himself into a restaurant isn't most girls' idea of a
romantic night out.

I'm not and I'm never going to be a mighty hero. The first so-called
monster | met was a dead girl who | helped by hugging. How many heroes
of old do you hear doing that?

I'm no fighter. It's not in my nature to run screaming at an undead
thing with a tire iron in my hand, as I've seen others do. As Andy did before
she tore him apart.

The only answer I can give is that | care. | always have. I've been the
nice guy that friends turn to in their hour of need. Some of the hidden just
seem to need to talk, or at least to be listened to. | can't forget that sad
little dead girl who just needed to tell someone about her murderer and
feel that they cared.


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

Theothers may laugh at us and callus bait, but! know wewere chosen
for a reason. | just don't know if we will achieve anything in the end.

The best precedent can find in history is in the saints — the ones who
preached tolerance and understanding, The ones who turned the other
cheek, rather than take an eye for an eye, How many of them were
slaughtered before anyone listened to their message?

Youknow, lused to blame Phaedra for the loss of my legs. Now | don't
think she was to blame. Maybe Andy was. After all, he attacked first. Could
she have just been protecting herself?

Fyodor dismisses the idea. Actually, he dismisses a lot of my ideas
about our origins. When | ask him why, he just points out that I'm
working from the wrong frame of reference, whatever the hell that
means. I've never pressed him on it. He doesn't seem to like me doing
that. Better not to, | guess.

Still he's got me working the book and antique dealers of the cities we
pass through, trying to find really obscure old papers. He's looking for
something, | guess | am too. We might as well look together.

Yue Ovner Sipe

As forthe other side, they're there and maybe always have been. love
ProfesorGeo's vitals theory. | wouldn't have named my website after it if |
didn't. |wonder ifthe good Professor ever got around to posting itto the list?
Ido hope he's allright. Hunter-net could do witha lot more subscribers with
his attitude on what we do.

I've read enough myths and folklore in the months since my
imbuing to believe that most of the hidden have been here for centuries.
There were what seem like pretty clear reports of werewolves in
Eischenbach, Germany, in the late 17th century. The engravings I've
seen seem a lot like the shapeshifters others on hunter-net have de-
scribed, as well as the one | encountered.

There are more vampire legends in more parts of the world than! can
compile. But so much of the advice that myths give on them is so utterly
contradictory that it's useless. They seem to be there, though. Right back
through history, in the shadows. From what Phaedra implied — although
she was always fairly evasive—thereseems tobe a society ofthem ofsome
sort They play powers games with each other, perhaps to offset the
boredom of long life.

So, maybe they're not lone predators, Maybe they're intelligent. They
might have a society and customs — perhaps not that different from us.

Perhaps asking where the hidden came from is like asking where
animals came from. There's no simple answer. They evolved from some
primordial slop just like the rest of us. Which means they might have as
much right to exist as you and me.

Some call them monsters, but are they really any worse than us?
Look at Phaedra, Sure, she drinks blood to survive. | love anice, juicy steak
from time to time. Phaedra can feed without kiling. I'm living proof of that.
Every steak | enjoy means that a cow has been killed. | guess most of us like
to forget that little fact, don't we?

Which of us is the monster, then? Returning to ProfesorGeo's vitals
theory (If he hasn't explained it yet, do e-mail him. It's fascinating stuf), yes,
they feed off us but they can do so without kiling. A ghost that scares us
doesn't actually harm us. Blood can be given wilingly.

So, they're just part of the food chain. Same as us. Same as the wolf,
the deer or the slug, for that matter. That doesn't make them good or bad,

‘Subject: Hello?
} From: oracle171 i
f To: bookworm55, vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
| The angel lets me slip through time very oft
now, Bookworm. Even driving down the autorou
I can see the dead in Greece. Last month, today
last week, next year, it's all the same.
The angel allows me to see things from so man
perspectives. | understand why others hate so much
H It's easy to look at the other side and think that
have to kill them all. And we do, I think, y
there'sno other way. But the ones that are alont
calm — the angel says we can help them. And:
can help us.
Isn't that what we all want? To help?
We can help so many people...

though. | was bitten by a dog when | was 10, | had my legs ripped ofa
vampire when | was 18, Shit happens, | guess.

(I'mnot quite sure where that leaves warlocks, though. Frommy!
with Purple, he didn't seem to need vitalis.)

Can't the others see it? Ghosts are just dead people, Warlocksar
people with powers. Perhaps even shapechangers still havesomelinktol
| can't say | really understand them, but as | said before, they do se
among the most natural of the supernatural.

Too many people just see them as the enemy though and G
forgive me, lhelped foster that idea. As I lay there in my hospital bed lied
along piece of bitterness called "The Enemy" and now the soldiers area
there, using what | wrote to hunt and kill.

|hid my feelings behind emotional detachment and scientific enqul
Just look at how | wrote about my relationship with Phaedra. f youre
behind the lines, you can see the bitterness and hurt stil, | guess,

Maybe Carpenter169 was right. Maybe we were created to putt
walking dead back where they belong. But the day | start taking thew
of a twisted soul like him as gospel is the day | walk away from thes
and maybe from le itself.

Even ifheis right, is destroying them the way to do it? Itcomesba
to that little dead girl again. She was the first of the hidden ti
encountered for a reason.

Look at the others I've met. Purple. A Merlin to my Arthur? Mg
should call my wheelchair Excalibur. Do me a favor would you? Ifthehidt
ever finish me off, find a lake and chuck it in.

Still, he and | talked. We communicated. We reached an unders
ing. fl can do that with him, | can do it again. | was doing the same!
Phaedra, until Andy interfered.

This has given me allot to think about. Fyodor is in for some sur
intonight's discussion. Speaking of which, lought to wrap up this letter
due back any minute now, and | want'to get this into the mail. writeag
when | get the chance.

Your friend,

"Bookworm"


From: sixofswords29
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Help needed

If any of you have any information on one of us
called Fyodor, please contact me privately. I know at
least one member of this list has already been con-
tacted by him. Violin99 or anyone else, please post
me immediately.

I don't know who this fellow is, but I don't like what
Bookworm says about him. Our friend is perhaps too
trusting for his own good. He may not see that his
greatest danger could be his traveling companion.

Tur Fortorn

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

From: xxx289

Subject: This List

What the hell are we thinking? Does any one
of us have the slightest clue what's going on
in the world? I sure don't, and from what I' ve
read here, neither do any of you. Hunter.net or
whatever this place is called is just as
Clueless and erratic as any other email list
ve seen. A says "Kill, kill, kill." B says,
"No, no. Save the gorillas." C has his dick up
his ass, but has plenty to say about it.

What a huge fucking waste of time! I
Stumbled across this website hoping desper-
ately for some answers about what happened to
me. The life I knew was over. Nothing I took
for granted — what I based everything on — was
Teal. So I'd sneak away from work, from _it_,
to look for answers. For some kind of meaning.
At first, I was so happy I'd found this place.
Twasn't alone. This thing_ had happened to
Someone else, and here was a support group,
like AA or something. Well, I hope AA helps its
Members better than this list does, cause
there are nothing but fuck ups here, just like
the rest of the internet.

Yeah, yeah, "So why post if you hate it so
much?" you bitch. You think I want to? You
think I want any of this? I don' t know another
teal person who' s going through this. For all
IT know, this whole list is just a bunch of
drama queens, and I have no desire to read
Your "re: re: re:" opinions. (In fact, please
don't respond to this post, even though the
ones out there who are truly clueless or have
absolutely nothing better to do, like sur-
Vive, will.)

‘ Problem is, I don't have anywhere else to
turn. It's right outside my door, passing my
Window and expecting to see me work. The times
Tdon't just "disappear," I sit here and read
this crap. That' s not enough, though. If I'm
Mot typing or doing something, _it_ knocks.
git_ wants to talk to me — give me that look
Tike it knows that I know. So here I am typing
= Saving my ass just by doing this, not writing
for your benefit.

CHAPY ER i: HEARING THE GALL

Cause AND EFFECT

It's taken a lot to force me to come
forward here. I don't care about your
opinions, and I don' t expect you to care about
mine. People are shitbags — always have been.
Always will be, I fear.

That to me is the heart of it. The human
race is so pervasively and extensively crap
that it's all come down to this. You have your
opinions on where the monsters come from. I
have mine: you are all the cause. People are
so lazy, greedy and pathetic that everything
that's worst (and sadly most common) about
us has taken form. Or at least, existence in
such a reprehensible state has turned the
worst of us into the very embodiment of
everything bad.

All the monsters out there aren' t born from
devils. They aren' t devils from Hell. There is
no such thing as Hell. The fact is they' re us
consumed by our worst nature. A "vampire" is the
greediest person alive. He can't even exist
anymore without stealing from others, even
their blood. A "ghost" is the most jealous
person — so much so that his life simply faded
and now he watches others, still jealous of what
they have. A "zombie" is the laziest and most
directionless person turned into the epitome of
sloth. He can't hold onto a job, let alone his
own life. That, or he's so apathetic that he
can't even die properly, rising again like
nothing ever happened and he can still be as
aimless as always.

What's become of our world hasn't been
foisted upon us, we' ve created it. It's always
been like this because people have dominated
for too long. We' re our own worst enemy because
only a very few of us have any ethics, dignity,
pride or determination. The human common
denominator is an absolute idiot, and everyone
below that becomes the very embodiment of his
worst qualities. For the remaining few, who
struggle above the masses, there's only
suffering and disillusion. We who try so hard
are just pulled down, because the others won' t
have anyone rise above them.

How do I know all this? I don't. How could
I? How could any of us_know_what' s really going
on when we' ve apparently just woken up to it?
But consider the possibilities. Is it really
likely that the world has been populated by
monsters from the dawn of time, and we' ve never
really seen them because they "hide." In this
age of high-tech and mass communication, could
fairy tale monsters remain hidden? Or is it more
likely that people are essentially crap, and
those of us who haven' t succumbed to our worst
natures yet simply can't or won't recognize
what's in store for us all?

Tue Worray

I don't say all this out of arrogance. I
don' t particularly hold myself so highly that
I think of myself as the cream of the human
crop. I' ve made mistakes and stupid decisions.


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

I've fallen down and done some things I'm
ashamed of. I'm not foolproof. The difference
is, I' ve worked all my life to do the best that
I could. I studied. I did what my parents told
me was right (because they were good people,
too, thank God). I thought about the things I
did and chose the ones that seemed right and
proper — not out of religious belief or
anything, just from gut feeling.

After growing up under those rules and
living by those ethics, they stayed with me as
an adult. Only then, as I saw more of the world
did I realize how rare all that work and
struggle was. Most people were slobs, lazy and
pathetic. They didn't strive or work for
anything, or even care to. They just occupied
space and intruded on those of us who did make
an effort.

That' s why most people aren' t worth their
own skin. If you' ve ever worked for something
and been dragged down by the incompetence of
someone else, you know what I'm talking about.
If you don' t understand or if you think people
are basically good, you' ve never made a serious
effort in your life and are the problem, not
the solution. You' re the beginning of the end
of those people who become the things that
torment us now.

So what' s changed that makes us actually see
the monsters now when they stayed "hidden"
before? How come we witness the worst of
humanity when we just unconsciously understood
that it existed before? I really don't know. I
don' t have the answer, and I'm probably the most
honest person on this list for it.

I read about you all claiming to hear
voices or read weird things or smell stinks
when you' re exposed. Okay. I can' t comment on
that. I know what happened to me and it changed
my life. I'mnot going to talk about it because
it's personal. My life isn' t meant for you to
gawk at. What's important is that we' re
finally able to look at the very worst of the
things that are wrong and do something about
them. It's like our minds or souls have had it
with the crap that we' ve endured for so long
and have finally said "Enough!" You might have
heard a voice say something ominous, and then
your boss stood in front of you like nothing
you' d ever seen before. But maybe that was just
the best thing deep down inside you finally
saying, "For the love of God, put an end to all
the wrongs." Like the world has had enough and
needs you to undo the damage.

Then again, I don' t think that can be true,
either. Like I say, I see opinions expressed
on this list that make me think most of you are
little or no better than the majority of
people. You call yourselves "imbued" like that
means you' re special or chosen, but maybe
you're just the best that could be found
because the pickings are so thin. Look hard at
the next post to come along that reprints three
pages of emails and then adds "I agree" at the
bottom. Is that guy really so special as to be
"chosen." Are you?

<T ~

If you were so special, your awakenil
really shouldn't have come as much ofa
surprise after the fact. Sure, what you!
exposed to and how you know the world afterward)
is terrifying, but once you gather your wits
you can look back and simply _know_ why ou
were picked. You busted ass all your life
earned everything you got, and raised yourself
above the shit heap despite its efforts to dra
you back down. You knew you were something
better all along_.

Only now, thanks to what' s happened to us
we know the shit heap stands a lot taller tha
we ever thought, and the most decayed, fetid
parts of it can reach up to grab you even @
the top.

Tue Dirrerence

People on this list write about thei
"Divine Imperative" to fight the monsters, 0
to reach out a hand to the dregs. Ori
understand them and commiserate with then
Think about it. If we' re people and theya
people (or at least things that used tom
people), why do we have a purpose or obligatiol
to deal with them at all? If struggling to stan
above the worst of humanity now means belli
able to recognize them, maybe our prerogatiyi
isn't to interact with them, but to get aia
from them!

Maybe what some interpret as an obligatid
or amission is actually a warning to stay aia
from the things and their behavior. Anima

To: xxx289, hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: Anger

To the poster XXX289,

I do not understand your anger toward the!
of us and to people in general. Yes, | woulda
that many on this list are abusive or misled, |
usually write here any more, myself. But thai
not mean the loud or vicious speak for us
reflect upon all people.

We can only hope to do our best in thislif
other choice do we have? It seems, now that ot
have been changed, we must still do our best. Thi
me means understanding the others. If they areps
only misguided, as you say, why can we not undo
change that they've undergone? If a person ¢
come the hidden by embracing the worst in!
maybe we can show him the best and hope he
braces that, instead. Could it be that we chosena
| pursued the worst in life ourselves and have seen
- light since, or may falter in the future?

I personally welcome you to the list,
your feelings for it. You may find belong
} maybe even hope here yet.


instinctively know when danger is imminent.
They sense when predators are in the vicinity
and get out of there to save their skin. Early
On in life, people learn from their experi-
ences and mistakes to hopefully avoid them in
the future. The most obvious is touching fire.
) You get burned! Do you do it again? No!

Could it be that those of us who are worth
adamn have now touched fire again? Were we
in the presence of the worst humanity had to
offer, our deepest senses recognized it and
our instincts said, "Get away from that. It
can destroy you"? Maybe that's what this
"imbuing" is all about. No voice from above.
No God. No aliens. Just those of us most
deserving to recognize the worst of the
world's dangers finally catching on to what
so many others have ignored.

Fire? Bad. Leave it alone. Humanity? Bad.
Get away from it.

Or maybe now that we can see the monsters,
perhaps we' re not so much supposed to run
from them like animals would from fire, but

CHAPTER i: HEARING THE GALL

to use them as tools like we do with fire.
All my efforts to do the right thing in life
have gotten me this far. Perhaps my deter-
mination has even made me receptive to this
awareness. Like I' ve undergone some kind of
"graduation." If that's true, why should I
change the way I lived my life before, or
change what I did? Apparently I was doing
something right. Now that I recognize the
"new" fire, I can work around it, use it to
accomplish what I must to achieve even more.
Maybe our purpose now is to continue as we
did, not run away, because now we have more
knowledge, more strength. Maybe our purpose
is not to fight or pity or console, but to
continue on as who and what we were, now even
better than before.

That' s why I' mback here in my office, working
exactly where I saw it in the first place. I'm
not sure it knows who or what I' ve become, but
I know it. I can use it to my advantage for once,
instead of the other way around. I just have to
be careful not to get burned.

a

7,
f

— 3 . ry "
ic ‘ ‘ fey é 1th '
= ‘ Waray iG f fj
44 ot / /
t tf, f rs
\ ‘ ‘ , 2
th. ‘2 . ah neva
8 ‘ / / WA;
Z Yj
‘ S . hy MEG
? yy PRO, ihe Yj
« SA j
: f 1
SS oe. pt te
> {i .
\ . a i
Ss ~
> — =
2 Ss he


For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth; and
they that be cursed of him shall be cut off.

— Psalms 37:22

No No Harw

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: What are we doing? (my views, part 4)

It's amazing how much this exercise is forcing me to think

about the plan, and me, and us. I'm realizing that, yes, | was taking
things for granted before. It was silly of me to expect everyone to
understand me without knowing me.So John, Daniel, thankyou
) forgiving me this chance.
IthinkI should talk about the plan itself, now. Itdoesn't really
i matter, I think, where the Messengers or the other side come from.
In the end, what matters is what we do with the gifts we've been
fiven. For that, I can only trust my own heart and the voices
themselves. Let me explain.

ve told you a bit about what happened when I first heard the
woice. saw mysonasaghostin the hospital. But] haven'ttold you what
thevoice said. Thatis very important, I think When I was crying and
afraidand thought my son wasgone forever, the voice spoke. The voice
waslike nothing I'd ever heard, deep and beautiful likea church choir.
Iknow other people have said they heard their own voice, or that of a
loved one. But this wasn't me. This was definitely someone else.

What this beautiful voice said was "YOU ARE NEEDED."
Not "Your son must be destroyed." Not "You must kill." The
woice told me that my son, dead and a ghost, was still a person who
needed help. The voice didn't threaten or warn me. It asked me to

help and I was plad to.

When looked up to see mi hijo standingwith the doctors, he
almost looked like he was made of smoke. He seemed to be
reaching into the other boy's chestand causing him pain. Instead
of screaming or becoming violent,| called tomyson. Tocalmhim.
I felt the voice, whoever it was, smiling as | talked to my child.

Some of you will probably say this makes me a fool, but that
experience has colored everything | have seen since then. When |
saw thatzombito, | knew itwas somebody's baby and wanted tofind
out whose. It wasn't even hurting anyone — it was a pup, nota wolf.

Heacinc, Nor Hurving

The most basic thing my son's fate taught me is that we can
help at least some of the people on the other side. Some of the
"monsters." Iam nota fool and 1 know wecan'thelp them all. Many
are too fargone into their own abuses togetany real helpandwe have
to think of the people they are hurting. Bullies who take pleasure in
hurting have to be stopped. But a lot more actually need us. The
voice told me that I was needed, and so are we all, I think.

If we think of ourselves only as soldiers, then we cannot heal.
Soldiers kill Maybe we should think of ourselvesas police, orat leastas
police should be. We try to help, to get hurtful people to places where
they won't hurtanyone. We take care of the community. We listen to
theirconcems. Onlywhen we have no choice dowe drawagunand fire.

(Yes, I know that many policia are like soldiers and few are
like I describe. It is just an example.)

When you see a "rot" ora "monster," ask yourself the ques-

tions: Whatis it doing? Isit hurting? Do not think "How can [kill

a =!


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

it?" because thatwill close off any hope in your heart. Look at this
man orwoman and try to understand. What could make you goso
farastodowhathe orshe does? Whatkind of help would youneed
to make you stop?

Once you have an answer, you can try to provide this help. I will
take some examples from my own experiences in a later post, but
sometimes itcan beaslittleasa smile. Sometimes itneeds to be more.

Tue Lasy Resory

If there is no answer to the question and it is clear that this
thing is hurting people, then violence can be a solution. But only
asa last resort and in the extreme circumstances Ges, IT know we
live lives of "extreme circumstances").

Ifa thingis about to kill someone oris torturingsomeone and
you have no way to get through to it, then you may need to reach
for a weapon. Some of us are better at this part of our lives than
others. I'm sure CrusaderI7 could teach a course on weapons.
That is fine as long as it is at the right time.

If we use violence too quickly, something horrible is going to
happen. If you aim your gun at everything you see, you'll never
knowhow itwould have reacted to openarms. Ifyou don't care, ask
yourself what the difference is between you and what you hunt,
because I don't really know.

One last thing about violence. Even if you can't understand
a creature and can't make it stop, take a second to ask if you need
tostop it Ifall aghostis doingis wanderingaround an abandoned
building, what harm is it doing? Is killing it (if that's even the right
word) going to make things better?

THROUGH THE EYES OF INNOCENCE

From: sixofswords29
To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Further news from Bookworm55

Another letter from Bookworm. It seems that he is
truly on the move. Efforts by some folks here to find him
have failed. No word from Violin99 or anyone else
about this Fyodor person, either. Violin, if you're just
lurking, drop the holier than thou attitude you've dem-
onstrated before and help us help a friend.

Dear SoS,

{t's been a tense few weeks since I last wrote. Fyodor is getting more
agitated and demanding, t's as if he expects something of me and I've yet to
full his expectations. We're searching for Phaedra together, but it seems like
my effortis as mucha part of his goalasis finding her. guess he's as frustrated
by our failure so far as | am. What a disappointment | must be.

He was very quiet today. We sat in silence in our rental car as we
drove around the city. He didn't seem to want to talk, sol used my sight to
just look at the world as we went by.

Ina way, it was both reassuring and frightening, The misguided aren't
everywhere. But they're out there. |saw what think were ghosts and waking
dead, mainly. | caught a brief glimpse of something that could have been a
warlock, but he slipped into a car before | gota chance to take a proper look.

No vampires, of course. From what Phaedra said, that whole daylight
thing is no myth. | fett like such an idiot the first time I suggested we meet
the following lunchtime. She just laughed.

Pa)

There were a couple of bruises, | think. One of them was a cop, That
was interesting, | thought. If the vampires have friends in the police fore,
it might explain how Phaedra was able to do such a good job of coverng
up what really happened to my legs.

Details. Always the details. Fyodor doesn't see that. He can onl
see the big picture.

Still the big picture has merit. Over half a dozen hidden in a days
driving. They can'tbe some strange aberration at the fringe of society, ca
they? They seem to be woven into the very fabric of the world — as mut
part of it as we are. So, how do we go about reconciling the natural and
supernatural worlds, if that's really what we're here to do?

FinDine rHE PATH

twas allso easy at first Sure, it took mea while to come totermsiif:
the fact that there were supernatural creatures out there, Do you kng
what, though? | was excited. ;
Suddenly my ife after so many years of struggle was something spat]
found hunter-netand |found others hunters — Andy, Eric, Sophie and Jen
therein Boston. We wereall pretty young, none of us older than our late
anyway. We were full of enthusiasm, too. We had been chosen. We were sped
and we weren't going to throw away the chance to make a difference
What would the younger me think of me now? Sitting crippledi
hotel room, watching the hidden but not trying to do anything aboutthen!
We were a regular Scooby gang, out there exposing monsters
intoarole, |suppose, as information gatherer.| was able to watch andles
about the other side. Like Doctor1 19, | started to catalog and defingt
hidden that we encountered.
I'm not sure why or how Purple came into my life, but he startedité
process that taught me that this was more than a game.
Id forgotten the lesson of my imbuing in my joy at having fea
imbued to be with. | tried too hard to be one of them, not myself. Taki
with Purple made me aware that there was more to being chosen than
hunting and judging that the others talked about.
Istarted to spend more time with Purple and less with the others. 0}
Andy really seemed to resent it He accused me of selling out, of siding
the enemy. He couldn't see that | was learning far more about ti
through talking than he was through killing. |
Inretrospect, they were playing me for a fool. Isuspect Andy andtt
others had been using the information | gathered to hunt and kil for mont
before the Phaedra incident, without telling me. The only reason foundat
was because Andy had decided | was part of the problem.
Isupposelhadlet my need for answers anda sense of belongngbif
me to my own feelings. | didn't like what they were doing.
| wonder how many others out there have let more a
chosen ride roughshod over them? After all, the vision some of us
communicating with and understanding the other side can seem fed
the face of others' demands that we destroy the "monsters."
Fyodor seemed impressed when | asked him about this. He dl
answer my question, He just congratulated me on taking an important
and suggested that we get some dinner.

Famity Yatuss

My mistake, think, was relying on the others to the exclusion ofmye
friends. We need our friends and family before we are chosen, and.nd
the Messengers giftus with takes away thatneed. That's another mistael


CHAPTER 2: DAY IN, DAY OUT

RQ

made, My mother, my sister and | supported each other through the difficult
years after my dad ran out on us. Once | was imbued, | stopped having time
for them and started hanging around with other chosen.

Ithink there's a real danger in forgetting who we are. solating ourselves
from others is no way to live. That just makes us part of the problem we're
trying to deal with. We lose track of the effects our actions have on others.
Oncethat feeling of responsibility is gone, you're walking the path toward evil.

Maybe that's what's happened to Oracle. She's become so caught
up in being one of the chosen that she's lost sight of what we're here for.
Iknow it's what happened to me when | wrote that post about The Enemy.

Maybe I should be out looking for her, not searching for Phaedra and
playing 20 Questions with Fyodor.

| don't advocate revealing the truth to other people just yet, though.
Too many of them would react with the same fear and anger as soldiers
do. That's why weneed contact with our own kind. That's why 'mhere with
Fyodor and why I'm writing you these letters. (Well, that and the fact that
you're the only other imbued whose address | have.)

|couldn't do this alone. |tried for a while, but what we have to deal with
is too difficult for any of us to bear by himself. Other imbued are the only
ones who can understand, but you have to choose the right ones.

My mother doesn't know anything about my other life. In the beginning,
she thought | was caught up with college friends. She thinks 'm on atrip with
college friends now, rather than touring America with a curious Russian

To be honest, I'm not sure if I've got the right to tell her. | find it hard
enough to sleep at nights, knowing what know, even ifldohave the means
todefend myself. What would it be like for my mom if she knew what was
out there? Or my little sister?

Wouldthey even believeme? Without our sight, they probably wouldn't

God knows people have enough problems of their own without us
thrusting the supernatural into their faces. Sometimes wonder if! wouldn't
be better trying to put my gifts to work against murderers, rapists and
pedophiles. My gifts don't pick them out of the crowd, though. | have no
more power against them than any other person does.

|suppose rehabilitating them falls to social workers. My task, ifl've got
the guts to return to it, is dealing with supernatural predators. Ifl can make
them see the error of their ways, Ilachievesomething, Only once wemake
the supernatural ready to deal with humanity can we make humanity
ready to deal with them.

Otherwise, people will just be lambs to the slaughter. Like | was.

Prrsonat Concerns

Not only did | give up my family, | gave up my studies. Not officially,
of course. | showed up for class enough to avoid getting kicked out

Iwas going to get qualifications. was going to get a goodjob. lwas going
tomakeenoughmoney to get my mother out ofthat hole we callhome. They
say the best way to make God laugh is to tell him your plans for the future.

Idon'tsee any of that happening now. Can|really go back to studying
my books when I know what's out there? I tried for a while after | got out
of the hospital. That's when | set up Vitalis. | distracted myself with the site
and list But | couldn't stop thinking about Phaedra.

Imdigressing, No, suspect my colege opportunities areover. Lucky, my
sster's bright Shecan dothatjob for mymomaswellas|could. Probably better.

Ivebeen living offthe insurance money from my "accident" (Phaedra's
doing, | suspect), as well as on Fyodor's resources. What am going to do
when those run out? Is what we do compatible with a nine-to-five job?

That's nota question | can answer yet One day, though, !m gang to have to.

a Gy


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

EDGES

ifl answer the call again — if Fyodor agrees that | should — things are
going to have to be different. | relied too much on my own brain before and
didn't use the gifts I'd been given nearly well enough.

Look at the abilities | have now. | can't strike one of the hidden down
easily, but! can stop them from hurting me again. Phaedra found that out.
I'mnotanidiot. |have been in the past, but I've learned from it Supernatural
creatures can be dangerous, and I'm running out of limbs.

If do answer the call again, | have to do it more cautiously. Study the
misguided from a distance for a while before | approach them. | can dothat
without them seeing me. Well, most of the time, anyway.

Onlyonce! beginto understand ther motivations can I risk approaching them,

Until l'm sure they've heard and understood my message, | have to
stay on my guard at all times. | let it down with Phaedra and it cost me. If
it happens again, these powers give me a chance to defend myself.

In a way, we have a wonderful opportunity. The lost seem to isolate
themselves from humanity for whatever reason. Perhapsit's fear. Perhaps
it's a feeling of superiority.

Wehaveachanceto get dase to them and bring them back into the fold The
fact that we have been given the took to get dose can't bea conaidenoe, can it?

Or amlstillfooling myself? Are our tools merely a way of getting close
sowe can find out their weaknesses for the more militant chosen to exploit?
That's how | was treated last time.

Yours,

"Bookworm"

Tue Mission in rae Wortd

To: vitalis.list(@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject What are we fighting for anyway? (my views, part 5)

You don't hear a lot of "why" on hunter-net. There's a lot of
"who." Who are we fighting? Who are we? There's lots and lots of
"how." How to kill this. How to kill that. How to get explosives.
Especially on Firelight, there's a lot of how. But no "why."

Why are we fighting? What's the point? These are not stupid
questions. This is important.

I know for some of you the answer is very big. Because God
told us to, because we have to fight evil, because ifwe don't noone
else will. That's all fine, but for me the answer is smaller.

I do this thing we do because of the people I care about.
Because I want my niece to grow up happy, despite her parents. I
want Mr. Chen to run his store without wearing a gun. I want my
neighbor Sefiora Juarez to be able to continue doing her cross-
words and watching Eric Estrada on television. I wantthe children
attheschool down the street to grow up ina world where theyaren't
abused by people they can't even see.

Ido these things — yes, leven fight — to help my friends and my
family, my neighbors and the people I work with. For the community.

Thisis why] can't stand itwhen I see people telling us that we
shouldn't stay with our families. That we have to live alone, in
bunkers or on the road. That's fine for some, maybe, but I would
bur out without the people I know. They're what keep me sane,
and what good is being loca in the middle of all this?

Yo

Hore aN Fear

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
| From: profesorgeo160
| Subject: Re: Further news from BookwormSaiil
Hola, amigos. Now I ama worried Ilanero, Ido
ot like the way this Fyodor might be treating out
ookworm. He has had many encounters with
isguided ones, yet this man treats him like a chil
I do not think this is good. :
From: sixofswords29
} To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
| Subject: Re: Further news from Bookworm55
I'm worried, too. However, we have precious
to goonatthispoint, besides Bookworm'sletterand

pethaps the first time since he lost his legs.

still worries me, though, not least the fact the
may have intentionally isolated Bookworm from'
and his friends in Boston. ig

We have to stay grounded. Despite whatsome say, I reallydo
think we are gods or angels or saints. We are people and we haw
be with people. The point isn't for us to fight a guerrilla warint
shadows, destroy some "hidden army" and then fade away likei
movie. We want to stop people being abused, expose the abuse
help them free themselves. We want the abusers to realize gh
harm they're doing, We want everyone to have a better life.
Right?

Cowmuniry Dury

We all have a responsibility. There is something in usth
makes us able to deal with the terrifying things out there. Wea
see the abusers and what they do to us. We have gifts thatalloy
to do something about it, even. I agree completely with
phis68 thatwe have toacton thatability. Hiding in the mount
like Pancho Ville or moving from city to city isn't the way, thou
I mean, who will protect your people when you're gone?

The community supports us and we have to support
Trust me, I've seen the worst Southern California has to offer
the barrios where every second boy on the street has a gun. D
you think that's all there is, the men with guns? No, forew
angry gangster there are dozens of us, regular people going to te
bodega after a long day of work to geta few vegetables ‘to mak
meal. We watch out for the gangsters and police who treatg
community like occupied territory, but we also check ong

neighbors. We laugh with them and cry with them. Whenth
need our help, we help.

This bond doesn't change just because the abusers are
worse than we thought. In fact, the bond becomes moreimport
What is more human than the community and the family?lh
give that up, we might as well give it all up.


Subject: Re: What are we fighting for anyway? (my
views, part 5) |
To: nurse2 16, vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: lotus19
Nurse, I'll say right off that | agree about keeping
some connections. But you can take community too
I recently ran into one of us hiding out in the
countryside. He hada little clutch of chosen with him.

saw three others, but I think there may be more. He
isbuilding a community of his own where he wants to
await the "great flood" and reemerge like anew Noah.
That's his language, not mine.
| "Noah" tried to recruit me into his little ark and was
quite resistant to any arguments I made about fighting the
monsters or protecting the blind. He said that in the Old
Testament, Noah didn't waste time saving the blind. He
just built his ark. He takes the ability to hide from the
Monsters as a sign that that's what he should be doing.

1 got away from him eventually, but he seemed con-

vinced that I'd be back. Part of his community, as it were.
Gave me the bloody shivers.

My friends, my neighbors, they are not expendable. They
depend on me and | depend on them.

Sarery

I'm sure some people will call me some very nasty names for
saying we need to keep in touch with our community and our
loved ones. I stick by it. Without that connection, | really think
you're on the road to burnout. And what good is that?

Still, I don't want people thinking that I suggest telling every-
one what you know and not taking any precautions. Ihave an open
heart, but we've all heard the stories of ‘what some of the locos on the
other side will do toyour family. There are sharks out there who will
take your trust and use it to hurt your family. So, yes, be careful.

Like everyone else, your family has been victimized by some
of the abusers. Most of the time, even if they saw some of the
nastier things, they wouldn't understand. I saw enough abuse to
knowwhatit's like — youignore itlongenoughand you justforget,
of convince yourself that you have. It's a vicious circle, but you
have to be very careful with it. If you come right out and tell your
sisterthatyou see vampires in the grocery store, she'll think you're
the one who needs help. Eventually she'll call someone. Pretty
soon that will make both of you targets.

So you have to play a careful game with your family and
friends. You should turn to them for help ifyou absolutely need

to, but even then try to use words they'll understand. I know that
before myson died, ifhe had told me some gangster wanted to kill
him, |would have protected him. If he told mea devil wasafterhim
with a flaming pitchfork, I'd have called a doctor.

When you're not in immediate danger, you should try to help
your friends and family wake up. You don't want them walking into
thearms ofa zombie bully, after all. Wam them about things threat-
eningyour community. Tell them signs to watch out for. I should say
that] tried usingthe signs we ve developed forthis, butit doesn't really

CHAPTER 2: DAY IN, DAY OUT

From: hope123

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Safety for all

One of the things that bothers me most is why only
we can see what is happening. My son, my husband, my |
friends — none of them realize that there are dangerous
things, more dangerous than Palestinians or Syrians. I
knowsome of youwill think this iscrazy, butknowingthat
the dangers are there, I'm glad I can see them. The voices
from above, they may have shown us fearful thingsbutwe
do have ways to fight back and stay safe. When I see a

# drunken man in the street, I know to look at him and see

if he is a golem or other creature. If he is, | know how to
avoid him or deal with him— or at least I can try. Before,
1 was helpless. The rest of the people I love still are. |
But I have found a way to help them. Of course, I ff
do what everyone does. I've told people that they jf
should tell me if they see something strange. I try to
keep my son in sight when he is home from school. But
I cannot be with him all the time and I cannot leave fj
him defenseless. Now, I think I have founda solution.
Itisn't easy to understand, but I think there isa way for
him to take partofme with him. Youall know thesigns we #f
use? I've seen them here online and they are the same in
Israel. Well, Iputone onapatchonmyson'sjacketand told
him it was a gift. It thought that if something happened
maybe another one of us would see the sign and help.
Instead, a few days later I got a premonition (that's }
the word, yes?) that something was wrong with him. He
wasatschool and I drove very quickly to get there. Itisn't
far away from our home, so it only took a few minutes.
I was very afraid the whole way. My son was hiding ina

‘comer, behind a big garbage bin, and ran out when he
"saw me. He said a man had scared him.

Inever saw this man, but I *know* it was a creature
of some sort. | cannot explain why, but I know. Just like
1 know the patch helped protect my son.

The next day, I started working on a new gift for |
my son. Last year we went on a hike in the hills. It was }
a very happy time for us and we both remember it and
still talk about it. My son kept a branch he found as a
souvenir, and that is what I used to help him. Many
years ago I used to carve a great deal and I still have the
tools — every year I make dreidels for my son and my f
nieces and nephews —so I started carving the branch.

I was hard because the wood had cracks in it, but I f
eventually turned it into a necklace of beads. Each
bead has a symbol on it and my son now wears it. |

Twice this necklace has helped my son to escape #f
from "bad men." It has given him an idea of what is out
there, orat least the sense to avoid the dangerous things.

I do not know if] could make such a thing for another
person, but I sleep better knowing he is protected. |

I will provide more information by private mes-
sages, if you wish.

Shalom,


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

work.I tried toshow my friend Maria the one that means "danger" but
she could never remember it. It was like when mi hijo had so many
problemsin mathematics, Itjustnevermade sense to him. Maria said
all the signs showed her looked alike. find this very frustrating,

Tve also learned thatyou have to be careful when you go out
to look for them. One of the first times I met John and Daniel, we
ended up in the canals of Los Angeles — you know the ones for
when it rains too much. It was very bad. We found a nest of rats
deep in the tunnels. Some of these rats were very big and we even
saw three that walked upright. They were all wrong, if you know
what! mean, Iwaswatchingwhen theysaw John. The ratsswarmed
after him — hundreds of them! — and the rat-men came after
him, too, We all ran and John and Daniel used their guns. It was
very bad but we managed to get away. It was only later that John
realized he had lost his wallet while in the tunnels,

‘Three days later, John called me froma pay phoneand asked
iflcould help him. When hegotto hisapartmentthatevening, the
entire building was full of rats. He just drove away, knowing they
must have gotten his address from his driver's license.

Saneruary

Tewasafter John losthishome that Daniel setup the safe housel've
mentioned. thinkwe should all do this ifwe can. Daniel knows people
who allowed him to getan especially good place that would not attract
attention, but it's important that we all try to have a safe place like this.

I think these places are so important for a couple reasons.
Most obviously is the safety involved. Having a shelter from the
other side can be very important. And, although it has not hap-

pened tome, thereare some of uswho need placestohide
police or other authorities. A safe house could be the a

Even more than safety, though, I liked Daniel's p
cause it allowed me to talk to others. Yes, [have hunter
isn't the same as face to face communication. No one or
net can laugh — even with all the -) and other clever th
one there can hold my hand. Talking is much easier fac

Sraving in Toucn

Evenwithoutthe safe houses, itisimportantforall to kee
Hunternetisa wonderful tool for that (thankyou, Witness!
not the only one. The call sometimes leads us to meetone an
there. When we do, we should establish ways (safe ways) to c
cate, One of Daniel's friends knows a great deal about teleph
pagers and he has used them many times. The key is to have
help when you need it and pass on warnings and informatior

One of the greatest tools we have for this, of cour
symbols we all seem to use. I know there are imbued I hay
in my area, because I have seen symbols] did not put up
amazing and wonderful that we all seem to understai
messages. To know that someone in Hong Kong or Cai
see these symbols as! do isa great comfort to me. It mean
an overall plan, even if we do not perceive it.

A friend has shown me how to use a computer scar
have sent a picture of some symbols to hunter-net. To s
click here. These are symbols I have used and I know Ds
used them, too (without me showing them to him). Ha:
else? Hope! 23, are any of these on your boy's necklace'

®

Open heart or mind: | personally feel some identification
with this symbol, as if it means me. None of the other chosen I
know have felt the same, so it can't apply to us all. Essentially, it
seems to represent the importance of community, communica-
tionand maintaining contactto help eachother. Doesanyoneelse
on Vitalis have the same feeling?

NA

Friendly. This is the symbol I wish my son could wear. It means that
a ‘monster' is known to one of us and we have a relationship with it.
Never harm a "friendly" unless there's no other choice! (I should
mention that John had a very hard time understanding this symbol
when I showed it to him. I wonder if being so angry made it difficult)

—

Harmless: | use this to mark areas where there are ghosts or other
things that aren't dangerous toanyone — what some of us call "pups."
Hyousee this symbol, please keep out or leave the occupants in peace.

Help: Daniel showed me this symbol. Any one of us can put
thisup ifwe have a serious problem. If you see this, it must become
your first priority to find the person in need and see what you can
do. If we can't count on each other, we're lost.

Misy RAKES

From: sixofswords29
To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Alarm bells

Allright people, it looks like our worst fears about
Fyodor may be justified. I've had another letter from
Bookworm. | think this one confirms what we've sus-
pected. Those of you who wish to do something to help
Bookworm, please contact me directly and we'll try to
Organise a search instead of these piecemeal efforts.

Nurse's Codes vee

Lost/Bumout This sign also means that one of us needs help,
butine differentway.Itmeans one of usis becoming excessive in the
mission oris losing spirit forit. People like this can be very violent or
just hiding, but they need your aid. If you use this sign, be careful
because some burnouts can take it as an attack. Thankfully, my
experience is that the most violent ones don't seem able to under-
stand the symbol, so they may not know you "insult" them.

a

Shark Some people call anyone who is friendly toward the
other side "bait." That's led us to call peopleand thingswho appear
friendly butwho are really intenton hurting "sharks." They goforthe
bait. If you see this symbol, be very cautious when dealing with
anything or anyone you meet. Don't put this sign up lightly.

-

Talker: This sign means a "monster" is open to communica:
tion, to talking. If you see it, you know that atleast one other imbued
has talked with it. (Again, John had a very hard time with this one.)

O

Death: This symbol makes me grieve, at least in the few times
Thave seen it. It marks the place where someone has died, I believe,
because I feel remorse and loss in its presence. Perhaps I feel this
way because there's so much angerand violence between the other
side and us. Death is usually pointless and might have been
avoided if we had sought other paths. John has no trouble under-
standing this sign and actually seems to be invigorated by it.

Dear SoS,

ve been doing alotofthinking thanks tomy traveling companion. Fyodor's
latest litle kick is notrepeating the mistakes ofthe past Hekeens asking me about
what 'm prepared to do and absolutely won't do while answering the cal

The tragedy upin Montreal has really made me rethink my attitudes.
| made a mistake. | got hurt. So did Andy. Okay, it was partially his own
doing, but | bear some of the blame.

DidOraclemakeamistake? Didher actions |eadtoallthosechasen dying?

| can't be the emotionless observer who wrote The Enemy post
anymore. | can't be the cocky advisor of the Vitalis page anymore, either.
ve got to start being myself and that means accepting limits.

a &


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

Limirs

Wecanonly gosofar, dosomuch We'renotgods whateversomepeople's
hunter-net handles claim. Im not giving up my life Ike I've given up my imbs. That
doesn'thelp anybody. With each one of us that dies, the balanoeswings alittle more
toward the solders, and that would undo anything we achieve.

That's why created my rules and posted them on Vitalis. We can't afford
to be gung-ho about the way we do things. However, thinking back over them,
they apply more to the imbued as a whole than to me and others like me.

What am | prepared to do? Would | steal or hurt someone to help bring the
misguided back onto the right path? No, | couldn't fl have to behave in evi ways to
bring out the good in someone ese | haven'tactualy done any overall good, have ?

Am | prepared to let one of the other side hurt a person? No. Am |
prepared to let one of us hurt one of them who doesn't deserve it? No.

‘Thereisgoodandthereis eviandit'sinallofus. Tryngtotumpeopketo good
isnt much useif you aren't prepared to stand up to evi too, whoever's dong it

That's why my Enemy post weighs so heavily on my conscience. |
know | addressed some of the mistakes | made there on Vitalis, but all this
time alone has allowed me to do some more thinking, How could we deal
with the other side in a more positive way?

Hey, SoS, do me a favor will you? Post this next bit to hunter-net for
me. It might undo some of the damage that my last attempt did.
Vampires

| bet you thought Id start here, didn't you? | talk about one particular
vampire rather a lot, don't | know | sound like a lovesick teenager, but that's
what lam, atleast for the nextfew months. Sometimes I feel a lot oder than that.

Phaedra showedme the way, though. Yes, vamnprres nead to dink blood No,
they donttneedto lil Fwecan make them see that then we have donesome good.

Think what they can offer the world. The memories and knowledge of
ages! Phaedra had held books that | can only dream of. Think of the perspective
hundreds of years of life offers. If their long-term views played a part in the
decisions that governments make, how many mistakes could be avoided?

Fyodor says that I'm obsessed. "These vampires are monsters," he
insists. "One took your legs and you wish to give them more control? Are
your senses gone, too?"

No, they're not. Just because | can see what could be doesn't mean
that | ignore what is. If | believe what Phaedra told me, then vampires are
a manipulative, secretive lot We have to teach them to trust. Think how
hard it would be for them to unlearn the lessons of centuries. We have to
give them that chance, and they'll need help.

Wartocns

I've commented before that warlocks seem the most like us, the
most accessible. | think we have a long way to go before we understand
them, though. They seem extremely self-obsessed.

Perhaps their power makes them think they're above the run of us
"mere mortals." They seem to face the same danger that some of us do.
By isolating themselves from humanity, maybe they forget its value.

Look at the way some soldiers and hometown heroes behave.
Suddenly they're better than the rest of us. They have this great mission
and nothing can stop them.

‘That was the same impression | got from Purple. He was too caught up
intis own concerns to think about the world around him. He paid for our coffee
by making money fall from someone else's wallet. He only thought about his
own immediate needs and not the effects on the person he stole from.

| guess that | pandered to his point of view. When | talked with Purple, |
viewed him as a warlock first and as a person second. | was wrong to do that.

aT

Iflwas given a second chance now, | would approach him asa person frstaid
foremost Then | might have a chance of making him see my side of tings

Think of the good these warlocks could do, if only they workedier
of humanity and not just themselves. Think of how Merlin led Arthura
his knights to Camelot. Oh, to have that happen for real.

Gostms

You know, I'm still not convinced that these things arent jista
misunderstood kind of ghost. | don't know anything more about themthal
| did when | wrote The Enemy, so | don't feel | can say any more here:
Werewotves

I've only seen one of these, and it scared me senseless. It was $4
"outraged" seems such an inadequate word to describe it. My gutstellm
that | never want to see another one, but my brain tells me another sia

There's something so primal about them. Perhaps they canhelp ments
my theory that we're all part of the same world, one that just needs to undesta
itself again. Perhaps we can help deal with the menace they seam to ence:

Perhaps I'll have to seek one out. The idea terrifies me.
Guosrs

Now, [can't claim a lot of personal experience with ghosts, ether
allthose posts from Carpenter 169 and Ichmail on hunter-nethavefred
my curiosity again.

Fyodor has done his best to discourage me. "You're not ready fi
said last time. He locked me in my hotel room the next day. He claim
was an accident, but I'm not so sure. Thanks to my wheelchair, | wal
exactly in a position to climb out the window, so | had no way out»

Stil fany credence canbe putin what Carpenter hadtto say, most
havea reason for being here. They have unfinished things that keep then
to our world. What better way of dealing with them than by helping thant:

What if they're stil people? I'm sure death changes you, but then
does the imbuing or being crippled. Perhaps if we start treating ghoss|

people and not monsters.
| know from my own childhood that the more you're abused,
more you want to strike back. If we can break the cycle perhaps west
areal chance of bringing them around to our point of view. j
What worries me is the danger. Some spirits seem to be tlt
malignant, like Carpenter himself. How can we tell which is wil
wouldn't do anyone any good by getting myself hurt again,

END oF Innocence

What do we do when the other side won't listen? Ifl'm gong bad
there | have to accept that possibility.

Just as with humans, there will be those on the other side wha
listen, who don't care, who are, by anyone's standards, evil. Thenthe
sharks, the ones who try and use our trusting natures against us,

They have to be dealt with. In the end, fighting evil is part oftryr
do good. In human society, the answer is easy. You turn them over
police and let the justice system deal with them.

How and when dowe make that decision with the being weded
And how do we act on it?

Idonitknow. Parhepsthiss wherethectha mbuedhavearde ne ety


SICKNESS

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: "Us" vs. "Them"? (my views, part 6)

There are people on this list who've donea lot more than I have. I've
neverbeen ona midnightmid inthe Mexican desertoranythinglike that
Somaybe what'm going to say sounds silly. I'm justa single motherwho's
seen herlife tumed inside outandis trying todorightbyherfamily. Butjust
maybe that gives me some insight that all you soldiers don'thave.

What I keep wondering is if we aren't making a mistake in
dealing with the "monsters" out there. We all know they exist.
They're bizarre and they seem to be doinga lot of bad things. I guess
Ican understand the urge to usea gun and start shooting, But! think
‘ye're paying too much attention to whatthese thingsare, not to why
they are. We're looking at symptoms and not causes.

I mean, we call them "monsters." In stories, heroes slay
monsters and that's that, right? But what if there's more to it?

Aboutsixyears ago (thatseems likea very long time ego, now) Idid
arotation in the mental ward. Iwasdoing the stuff that makes people hate
nurses — taking temps, giving meds, adjusting beds. | always tried to doit
allwithasmile because it's very easy to treat patients like numbers. Sol got
tomeetall the patients of the ward, and I will be honest, they scared me.

Some were friendly and happy and even made me laugh. But
therewere people there who looked atmelikel wasfromanotherworld.
Icould feel their stare move through me and tosomewhere else. One
woman kept muttering and her breath smelled so bad that I had to
fightnot tovomit It takes a lot to do that toa nurse. Part of me wanted
to run away and never see those people again, even to hurt them for
beingdifferentand frightening, Two things kept me sane. First, knew
hurting them was wrong, Second, I knew they were sick.

That's what | think is going on here. These people — these
"monsters" — are sick.

Used anD ApuseD

We have to start thinking of the reasons these things dowhat
theydo. And then we have to make distinctions based on that, not
on what people look like. Judge by actions, not by appearances.

Three months ago, I walked into a little coffee shop and saw
whatnoone else ever did: the waitress with no legs who was standing
there, endlessly refilling a coffee cup that even I couldn't see. 'd
been in this place off and on for years and I realized right then that
Id never seen anyone sit at the comer table she was "serving,"

That's the extent of the harm this "monster" was doing, filling
a coffee cup. ] gotup and satat that table and looked at her. Really
looked. Not at the fact that her body faded into nothing below her
waist, but at her eyes and face. She was about my age and had the
most beautiful brown eyes I'd ever seen. Everything else about her
looked faded and worn, but not her eyes. There were bruises on her
face. Like my sister had. From a belt. Her name tag said Angela.

Ididn't think about destroying this "monster." I saw a woman, a
person who'd been hurtand used and probably killed by someone she
loved. She was stuck in that diner, with-even the flies ignoring her,
becauseitwasthe only place she evergotawayfromhim.| reached forthe
invisible coffee cup and whispered "Gracias, Angela. That's fine."

CHAPTER 2: DAY IN, DAY QUT

Viratis Guar Session

<sixofswords29>Is it all right to start talking?

Sorted. The chat room is as secure as I can make it.
Thanks. Right, we all know why we're here?
Sf. We are all of us worried about Bookworm.
Right then. The first thing we need to do is find

him and then we can work on getting him away from'

this Fyodor. His last letter was postmarked Detroit.

Any of us within striking distance?

Anyone?

Great.

Perhaps we could try to recruit some sympathetic} |

same views as you guys, but I'm helping, right? |

That's a good idea. Let's leave God45 and his sort
out of it, though.

Perhaps we ought to bring in Witness! . He could help}
usfindsome hunterswith the right attitude on the main list}
who might be close enough to follow up the lead.
I'll invite him. He's usually online.
Done.
>witnessl has entered the room<
Thanks for coming, Witness. I need to ask a favour of j
I presume Dole? has filled you in on why we're here. }
Yes, he has. I'll do what I can. |
Could you put out a general call on hunter-net for all
posters within traveling distance of Detroit tocontactyou?
_ We're worried some of them might try to go after
Bookworm like they're hunting Oracle.

Sf, sf, we want to weed out the angry ones that
might want to hurt our friend.

Let me think about it. I'll get back to you.

>witness! has left the room<

It's not good, is it? Poor Oracle and Bookworm
both out there, beyond our reach.
_ Iknow, Nurse. But we'll do what we can.

She stopped pouringand looked atme. "He didn't mean it The gun
wasn'tsupposed tobe loaded." Then she crieda momentand disappeared.

Angela was not a monster. She was a victim.

The next week Daniel, John and I meta businessman with
rotting skin who began following us. John used a shotgun on him.
And then gasoline when he kept coming. I wondered who had
hurt this man so much that he would become a walking corpse.

Have AND Anger

Ican already hear the voices out there. What about the nasty
things, the "bullies" or"sharks"? They kill babiesand rape women.
They enslave us all and kill us when we stand in their way.

Yes, these things exist, too. The abused often becomes the
abuser, asl've said before. Several weeks ago, I saw three women killed
in the most horrible way before John, Daniel and I could stop the
beast. If we hadn't stopped him, he would have killed again. He told

a

HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

us so! He growled like a dog and said to us that he was "culling the
herd." He sounded proud. Iclosed my eyes when the gunfire started,

There are monsters, but their actions make them so. The others
called the monsterwe killed "the troll" because he had longclawsand
longhair. But he wasa monsterbecause he took joyfrom killingyoung
women. He stalked them and tortured them and ate their hearts.
There was nothing left in him but hate, anger and power.

Iwish we could have done something else. That we had to kill
him hurts me.I don'teven knowwhathis name was. Whenlasked,
all he did was howl and gurgle. He was one of the people who is so
sick that you have no choice. We couldn't let him kill again. But
I wish there had been another way.

It scares me that some of you don't wish that.

Types oF SICKNESS

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject Ghosts and others (my views, part 7)

Okay, I suppose I will have to talk about the different kinds
of thingson the otherside. Some of you were not happywhen Isaid
there was too much talk about "biology of monsters" on hunter-
net. Yes, DoctorI 19, Iwill tell you what | know.

Ishould say up front that much of the following discussion is
about ghosts. They are the people onthe other side have the most
experience with. I've mentioned meeting walking dead and rat-
menand the troll, butit is only with ghosts that] have managed to
have a real conversation. So please take what I say seriously, but
understand that it only comes from what] have lived myself.

UNMOURNED AND ALons

I've toldyou about myson, how he died and how! stopped him
from killing that other boy. [still see him. He comes home — oreven
finds me other places every few nights. We talk when he comes
and try to see if he's okay. It's not easy, but | think we talk more now
than we ever did the year before he died and all this happened.

He doesn'tlike to talk toomuch about the way thingsareforhim
now. Mostly he sits there and listens to me and we talk about when he
was a boy. We remember the good times we had, and sometimes the
bad. About his father and my father. Most times, I cry.

Ithinkitall makes him feel better, though. He likes to remem:
ber when he was alive because he's lonely and cold. That's what he
said to me the first day at the hospital. "Mama, I'm so cold."

I think people like him who are dead are very alone and very afraid.
Ithinkaboutwhatitwould belike todie,tolose everythingbutstill be there.
Timaginejustbeingin myhome,withoutany Heaven waiting, watchinglife
goon. New people would move in, my things would be sold offorthrown
out, my photographs and diary would be lost. Those I loved would goon
with theirlives,find someonenewandslowlyforgetaboutme.Icouldn'tdo
anything but I'd have to watch. Can you think of something more sad?

This must be why some hosts are angry. They've lost every-
thing and been forgotten and they get mad. Most don't want to
hurt anyone, | think. They just want attention. If we answer back
with violence, it justtellsthem thatanger is the way togetwhat they
want. Listen to them. Ty to understand what they need from you.
Maybe it's just to tell them you've had enough coffee.

ae ™

Subject: A further observation
H To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: doctor119

I must confess that I have perused this message
board almost exclusively for the insights on spectral
behavior that I hope Nurse216 will provide. She has)
personal experience that | think will help completemy
own research, orat least further it. I see little of valuein
Aer endless moralizing without any empirical backing. |

In the interest of cooperation and the exchangeof
information, however, I believe some of my evidence
| may support the contention that the preternatu
subjects we have uncovered suffer from conditions
} may be comparable to human diseases. The stro
} corollary | have detected regards the blood-cor
subjects some refer to as "vampires." Their desire
plasma seems to function very much like a se
addiction. One subject I tracked earlier this year exhil
itedall the classic mannerisms ofa true junkie, includi
nightly efforts to find his "fix," obvious euphoria fro
ingesting blood and (when we he was comered
cellar for several hours) signs of withdrawal.

It is possible that this blood-addiction is the
result of some thus-far unidentified pathogen. If}
such is the case, then perhaps other kinds of mon-
strous behavior and abilities have similar origins.

I will update you on my research. 4

From everything that my son has told me, I don't think
categories Bookworm established really have any meaning, "Polt
geists" and "possessors" and "ghosts" are all the same thing — peop
who have died and not passed on. Beinga ghost, | think, meansitis
effortto continue to existand be in the world. Whena ghostgetswe
it only appears sometimes, or only remembers part of its life, orone
thing, They get to feel so alone that they just do one thing again nd
again. That can be hammering a nail or smashing a mirror,
Thethingyou have to understand is thatghosts change! veseenn y
sonlookexactlylikehedidin life. Atothertimesl canseerigh through hin
Another day I can see the three gunshot wounds that killed him. Ona!
came home and he was jumping on the bed like when he wasalittleby
He vanished as soon as] turned on the light. I've seen him three timesmn
thestreetcomerwhere hewasshot,justlying there. The poltergeistyoufie
one night could be the weeping phantom you console the nextday,

Waar ro Do

Now lookout forghosts wherever go. Isuggest you dothesan

They usually hide in corners and watch us. Or stand outd
the way and just stay there. People don't notice them, but
almost neverseen people actually walk through them. We uneo
sciously avoid the dead, | think.

When you find a ghost, ask yourself if you have to doay
thing just yet. This isa phantom of someone who lived and did
and is suffering. Reaching fora weapon is notappropriate, Watt
the poor soul and see what it wants, what it needs,

When: you want to make contact, do that. Make contact dp
to the ghost. Try to touch it, but do so gently. Treat this persona


woulda child. The ghost is scared and alone and may have given up
hope. Tryto befriend itand see if there sanythingyou can doforit. Or
just talk. Most of them welcome conversation and a smile.

Some of usapparently have gifts thatcan hurt orscare ghostsaway.
Onlyuse these ifyou absolutely have to, tosavealife or: preventa tragedy.
Tye met several violent and nasty ghosts (one of them destroyed my
kitchen and livingroomina fit,and even threw knives at me), but even
they seem desperate forcommunication. They are like children having
atantrum. Ifyou can ride it out, you can usually get through to them.

One thing it took me a while to realize is that it's difficultfor
ghosts toreach out to us. Some maywantto speak, butall they can
do is cause fear or move objects. I think they can often hear us,
though, so speaking is still worthwhile. think that ifyou show that
you are open to talking, it may be less difficult for them to reach
out, but it's never easy. If a ghost talks to you — even if it's
screaming — it has expended a great deal of effort todoso. Listen.

Watnine Wirnour Exp

] think I should tell you about the zombito now. Qohn,
Daniel, hope youare reading this. Remember, thisis the creature
you wanted to shoot and kill.)

Iwentagain to the playground a few nightsago, hopingtofind the
little baby "walker" (to use Bookworm's name for it) that I saw several
weeks back. I'd returned a few times without luck, but this time it was
different. I saw it there moving in the shadows and I tried to get closer.
The angel's voice was strong, so it didn't see me come near.

It was crawling — still like an insect. It looked very strange
because it appeared to be a normal baby, but moved very oddly. It's
skin was pale but its limbs seemed to work differently now — it
moved around onits toes and fingerswith its joints bentat the elbow
and knee like a bug, Its head seemed to go all the way around, too.

Itmoved around a bundle about its own size. It would nudge the
bundle and then craw! back, nudge it and crawl back. After a few
minutes, it started pulling at the cloth wrapping with one of its hands. It
tookagreatdeal of time, butitfinallygotoneofthesheetsoffand exposed
what was inside: another baby. This one was blue and truly dead.

I screamed and the zombito finally saw me. It scurried off in
arush, but] went afterit, this time running with all my might. I saw
itgo into the construction site and I followed.

(Yes, even I wondered if it had killed that baby in the play-
ground. But please keep reading before you jump to conclusions.)

Ittook me several hours of walking around quietly to find it It must
havelost track of me (thanks to the angels forthat). It crawled out ofa drain
pipe and went back to the playground. | let it go and crouched down to
enterthe pipe. Itwas very big forthe baby, but quitesmall forme. Thesmell
was horrible and I only understood why once I used my flashlight.

There were other baby corpses there. I stopped myself from
screamingagain and counted. Six bodies, still in bundles,and the
sheets for one more. Along with the poor child left back at the
courtyard, that made eight — including the zombito.

I was about to turn back when I heard it coming, | pressed
myself up against the edge of the drain and it scurried past, not
even noticing, | watched it then. It unwrapped another baby and
started nudging it, trying to get it to move. It just kept doing that,
first to one body, then another. I finally left.

Butl understood something: movementis life. think thatlittle
baby wanted its friends (siblings maybe?) to move — and live.

CHAPTER 2: DAY IN, DAY OUT

Some THzories

Ithink that these "walking dead" are just like ghosts in some ways,
exceptmaybe they're in more pain. They havecome backintotheirown
bodies but somehow know they have died. think they do things so that
they feel more alive — moving, running, fighting, Anything to feel

Icannot knowforsure, but maybe the three types Bookworm told
us about (hidden, walkers and shamblers) are more like three stages.
The deader a person is (if you understand me), the more extreme
things he must do to feel alive. When he is least dead (likea hidden),
he does complex, normal things like having a job. When he is most
dead (like a shambler), all he can do is yell and fight to feel alive.

If these are stages, I wonder what direction the evolution
goes? Do they become more or less dead as time goes on? What
can we do to make them more alive?

In the case of the zombito, I'm sure part of the answer lies in
what happened to it and the other babies. I recognized the blan-
kets from the hospital maternity ward, so I am going to find out
what happened. I think I will find an abuser of the worst sort.

Wicd and Uneounn

The dead do not scare me as muchas the wild things, and I
am not sure why. The swarm of rats and the hairy troll-thing have
colored my view, I guess.

The feeling I get from the ghosts and zombies is loneliness and
sadness. From the few beast-people | have seen, I get anger. wonderwhere
this anger comes from and I hope to find a time when one will tell me.

The only advice! can give for these is to be aware that they are
full of rage. Try to be as quiet and careful as possible if you see one.
Ifonedoesspeak toyou, be politeand friendly(butbe cautious too!).

I wish I could offer more insight.

Brcinnine rH Huny

To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: xxx289
Subject: What to do?

I worked hard all my life and did all the right
things. I believed that if you put your nose to
the grindstone and pulled your weight, you would
be rewarded for your effort — almost karmicly, if
you believe in that crap. That' s the way the world
is supposed to work. It's just that most people
don't recognize it because they re too busy
pulling their puds, being useless and riding the
coattails of the few who are better.

That' s what I thought was true, anyway. That
all changed when I discovered my boss wasn' t the
person I believed him to be, but a thing. That's
when my understanding of the world — and myself,
I guess — changed.

Well, my understanding of the world changed and
it was reinforced, really. I always knew most people
weren't worth the air they polluted. Now I had
concrete proof that it was a lot worse than I ever
imagined. Apparently all my hard work had done me
good, but it hadn' t won me the success and rewards
that I thought it would. Instead, it won me the right
to remain a redeeming, worthwhile person instead of
devolving into a freakish nightmare that only paid


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

lip service to being good and decent. I guess you
can't look the gift horse in the mouth.

Problem is, what do I do now that I know the
truth? Everything I've always measured myself
against is out of whack. Apparently the life I' ve
lived has been the right one, because it allowed me
to become aware of the real truth, but where do I
go from here? I keep coming in to work and watching
the thing that works only a few doors down from me.
I try to stay out of its way, but sometimes I have
to pass it in the hall. I try to hide behind closed
doors as much as I can, but there' s only so long you
can cloister yourself away, trying to stay alert,
before you have to go out and just eat or piss.

The really scary part is, now I'm seeing them on
the street, too. I even saw a thing on TV last night
on the news. "My" monster ism' t the only one I' ve seen
any more. What am I supposed to do, hide from them all?
I' d have to hide in my home all day, avoiding even the
TV or radio because I might see or hear one of them.
Is that what happened to Howard Hughes when he went
insane? He was an achiever. Did he learn the truth, too?

So far, I can't let myself acknowledge or focus
on the other ones that I' ve seen. When I'm in traffic
on the way here, I just keep my eyes focused on the
road ahead of me. I dor' t turn my head at stop lights,
because one of them might be right beside me, waiting
to bring a better person down with it.

I think what I have to do is watch and wait.
If I'm going to continue to become stronger from
what I know about the world now, I have to see how
truly bad these things are. I'm going to watch my
boss and see what he does, how far he's really
fallen. Maybe then I' 11 know how far a person has
to slide before he finally dies inside.

THe Puan

Amazing. I don' t know why I never saw it before.
After several days of keeping my head down and
watching out my window into the main office, I' ve
discovered that my boss leaves — a lot. I never even
considered it before, andno one around seems to care
or pay attention, either. Obviously I' m the only one
who' s woken up to it. I mean, he spends only minutes

ibject: The Angel's love
‘rom: oracle171
| To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Doctor119, the angel glowed when I read your
} junkie-theory. | remember dealing with addicts too
} and the parallels are so clear. Just like addicts, we need
to give them support but also not give in. Tough love.
In this new city, I found (with the angel's love) a
} group of addicts. They were blood-drinkers, taking hits
fromadyingcreature they keptinacellar. Isawitspastand
saw it cry. It was the victim, so I showed them the light.
They burned because they could not give up
their addiction. I freed the imprisoned soul and it
thanked me and went into the city.
-Tfeel such joy.

ae mM

at a time in the building, like he's got an agendl
elsewhere and isn't really doing anything at all
here anymore (assuming he ever did). :
I guess that means I have a lot more freedg
than I thought. If he's gone most of the day,
can use that time to do things in my own favor
learn more about what it's been doing here, 4
Maybe what it's up to elsewhere. Its weakne
is my strength. Who knows, maybe I can even sho
some of the others what this thing really is.)

EXPLORATION

I did it. I took a chance, I did it andI gota
with it. It was out of the office again. I wail
till lunch when most of the staff was out andIg
into the office manager' s petty cash drawer. I kndg
stealing is wrong, but this is stealing from
worst of all people, so how can that be wro
Besides, I had a plan. I took the money — sevel
hundred dollars — and stashed it in my boss' off:
where the cleaning staff would find it.

It wasn' t long before the OM discovered the
theft. When the boss arrived, I suppose she told
him, because he raised a stink about someone)
stealing. Things turned for the better — bet
than I ever planned — when an office-wide sea chy
was conducted. No one expected to find anything,
Who would be dumb enough to leave the evidence
to be found here? Well, who except a person wh:
would expect to be above suspicion? The boss
invited others to search his office as
protocol, I guess to suggest that he was no bet
than they. were. Imagine the amazement when
cash turned up hidden under a chair cushion)

There was a major buzz. He claimed innocence andl
insisted that someone had planted the money. He
the boss, he claimed. Why would he need to steal fra
his own company? That might have made sense, bib
suspicion had been raised. What was the boss reall
up to? And hey, how come he hadn't really been if
very much, anyway? Has he got some habit to suppo
Slipping some things into the rumor mill was easy;
Everyone was eyeing him sideways after that.

I don't think he noticed me smiling.

Discoverizs

I found something out today. I think I have awein
way of looking at the things that reveals their tng
faces — not just the ones they show to the genera
idiots. I was in traffic, feeling confident after
what I'd done to him, I guess, when I took anothet)
chance. I let myself look around at the other drivers)

It took a while. Most of them were the regula
crap that I' ve always known — cutting each other off)
turning without signaling, doing their make
behind the wheel. The idiots that abuse the world
simply by existing. But then I pulled up next to one,
He was a teenager, I think. Not someone I expectél
to be one of them_. At worst, I expected him to
one of those useless kids who doesn' t pay attentigg
in school, who does drugs and drinks all the ting)
who listens to rap and pretends to belong to a cull
that was never intended for him. At first I simply
knew that he was wrong . When I looked harder, J
recognized that he had this weird blue-black glow tj


him. I'd never seen anything like it. I watched him
for a few moments. I don' t know what he really was.
That' s when it happened. Just before the traffic
light changed, he seemed to sense that someone was
watching him. He glanced in his rearview mirror,
then out his passenger window, then right at me. I
was smiling. Our eyes met — and he looked scared.
He tore off when the light changed. I let him go.
The experience gives me an idea. More like an
inspiration. Did that kid see the same light I did
when I made the change? Could he understand that
Iwas his complete opposite, one of the truly good
§ people versus his absolute corruption? I felt the
same energy then that I did the first time, in
front of my boss that day. My boss never seemed
to notice the change, but I did. This time, when
Tactually tried to draw up the same feeling, the
kid knew I was there and was scared. Could I do
the same to my boss — let him know that I know and
put him on the defensive?

I think I need to try. I' ve worked here for
years. Who knows how long I' ve been torn at and
held down by it_, not wanting me to rise higher
than it has. Envious of me for being strong on my
own and not at the expense of others. Maybe it's
time I put him on the run.

ConFRONY AY IONS

I did it! I put him in his place!

The police were at the office today, inter-
viewing people about the money. I guess the boss

BYR OO

CHAPTER 2-DAY IN, DAY QUT

called them to deflect guilt from himself, as if
he wanted to prove his innocence by being pardoned
officially. He might have been innocent of theft,
but he was guilty of a lot worse.

I was called into the conference room in turn and
interviewed. I must have been one of the last, because
the cops left the room with me and met with the boss
after my interview. I couldn' t hear what they said, but
I loitered around the receptionist' s office, waiting.

He came with the cops to see them out the door.
The officers thanked me in passing for my help. I
wished them luck finding whoever was behind the
"theft." That' s when I did it. I turned to my boss
and gave him that hard_ look. I saw him again like
I did the very first time: skin drawn tight, the
color of ash, eyes bulging, teeth black.

My eyes almost burned as I stared. He seemed
taken aback, startled at the way I looked at him.
It was like with the kid in traffic. He recognized
that I knew what he really was, that I was one of
the people rising above the dung heap and that he
was at the very bottom. It was like I was a living
reminder of everything he no longer was. That he was
wrong through and through. I think the shame of it
overwhelmed him. He didn' t face me long and didn' t
even challenge me. Instead, he turned quickly and
headed for his office, closing the door behind him.

T'm about to leave work for the day, and I still
haverf t seen him. This time I' ve left my door open while
I type. This time I dor' t feel like I have to look busy
to avoid notice. Maybe there' s hope yet.

sege g \\
~ a.
\ WS k
we. "f ;
Ja id \
; : ; \ . i
a Be (e \ \
(@) - Zep)! WN j 1
At | il

CHAPTER 3:INIT TOGETHER

He that is first in his own cause seemeth just; but his
neighbour cometh and searcheth him.

— Proverbs 18:17

hit For Que

To: vitalis.list(@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject Getting together (my views, part 8)

Greatnews! Daniel let me back into the safe house last night.
John wasn't there and noone could tell mewhere hewas, but there
was a whole group of others. A dozen in all, some coming from
much farther away than me. (If anyone else on the list was there
and wants to send me a message, please go ahead.)

The bond I felt with Daniel (and that I'd shared in the past with
John) spread to the other people. I won't share ‘any names or details for
safety's sake, but we talked like old friends. It was very much the same
thingas when I meet nurses from other hospitals. We don't know each
other, butwe know each other'slivesand wecan commiserateand laugh
together. It's like hunter.list but more so, and without the attitude.

Don't get me wrong, Witness! and Bookworm55 have done
wonderful things with hunter-net. The ability to communicate with
othersfrom many countries is simply fantastic. Butit's not everything,

Like I said, I think there were other list members there, but
most people in that little house had never been online at all.
They had noaccesstoa computer or no desire to use it. If not for
my job, | doubt I ever would have ended up here, either. We
forget that on the list, I think. For each one of us who has a
computer, there must be dozens without them. And that's just
inmylittle corner of the world. What mustit be like in Africa or
South America? My cousin in Mexico has never used a com-

| puter and she is relatively well off.

The other thing this meeting gave me wasa true sense of commu-
nity. Here, know thereare peoplewhowill bewillingtotalkabout many
things, to share their views and give advice. In that small house, meta
man knowwill protectme from dangerand come to myaid when call.
Ifound a place where I can run to anda woman I can call when myson
says angry things to me. It'sa community and we need more of them.

Daniel's safe house has gone from being a place where a
friend lives toa sort of "town hall" for all those who have heard the
voice. I hope others will do the same. I know it's risky, but try to
organize meetings with others like us. Make friendships and
connections. | thinka whole series of these sanctuaries, alongwith
hunter-net, could really make us into a community across the
globe instead of isolated people on the internet.

If we can stick together, surely we can change the world.

Burnour

Even if you think the chances of us really cooperating on a
large scale are slim, getting together in groups is still worthwhile.
It's really the only protection we have against burnout.

Following the plan isvery,very difficult. Ithurtsandit's danger-
ous and sometimes we have to do things that we never thought we
would.] can still see the troll dying when I close my eyes. I didn't say
so before, but I shot it the last time, in the head. Idid.

Without the support of others, that would eat away at me
completely. couldn't function. Some people think they're stron-
ger than that and bottle up all the hurt from killing and running
and everything we end up doing. They just set their jaws and walk
back into the world, telling themselves they can handle it. Sound
familiar? If that's you then you are very, very wrong,


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

Every time you bottle it up like that, you chip away at your
soul and sanity. Pretty soon, you're bottling up everything. When
was the last time you laughed? Cried? Or felt anything at all?

If you're having trouble answering those questions, please,
please, email me orsomeone else on this list. Find one ofusinyour
town or just talk toa friend who hasn't heard the call. You need to
open up what you've been holding in.

Ifnot,oneof two thingscan happen. Eitheryou'llexplodeand the
nexttimesomeonecutsyou offin trafficyou'll reach foragun. Theline
between nightmaresand the unwary becomes too thin. Or, you'll stop
feeling anything at all. You'll see defenseless people getting hurtand
won'tcare. Eventually you'll stop everything because nothing matters.
Our friend XXX289 strikes me as this sad person.

Let me give you some other examples.

I've received several disturbing emails about the troll I de-
scribed. One of us seems fascinated by the creature. He even said:

>wish that I could have been there

>with you. That would have been quite the notch

>in the old post, worth twenty rots at least. What

>did you do with the pelt?

Thope this person is alone in his practices, but he has hinted
that there are other such "game hunters" who seek out specific
types of hidden to collect "kills," as if they were shooting ducks.
This seems the ultimate reduction of these souls into mindless
creatures, useful only for bragging rights.

This type of mentality strikes me as a defense against the
horrors some of us face daily. Perhaps game hunters have al ready
lost their way and seek out new nightmares to awaken their own
emotions. I do not know, but it worries me.

Talso worry about loners, those who reject any contact with others.
(Violin and XXX, we only want to help) Being alone in our life is nota
good thinganditleadstodespair.lknowmanyofushavetofleeourfamilies
and lives. The solution isn't to hide from the world, but to seek out others
whounderstand. Traveler72isagood example tofollow,think,ifyouneed
to move from place to place. In his stories on the survival guide Page, you
cansee that healmostalwaysfindsotherson the mission. He hasnohome,
butheisneveralone, si? Thatis the way to stay grounded, even on the run.

I suppose the ultimate loner is the person who cannot act when
he hears the voice. I've heard some call them "bystanders" or even
"duds," but I think they're just people. It isn't always easy to under-
stand whathappenstous,and theyare trying. Let them take theirtime.

I will end this email with a personal note to the man I call
John. John if you are on this list, please listen. (Daniel, if it's just
you on the list, please get this to John. Gracias.) I'm very worried
thatyou are burning out. 1 know you've seen some very bad things
and lost your home, but remember that you still have friends.

GREEDS AND OPINIONS

From: sixofswords29
To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Bookworm's friend

Another letter from Bookworm. It looks like we've
been beatentoit. He's hooked up with another hunt... sorry,
chosen. I don't know quite what to make of her yet, but she's
got to be a better influence on him than Fyodor.

Subject: Changing...
From: oracle171
To: bookworm55, vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
L arrived in a new town today. Or was it ye
day? The angel's voice is strong here and I can
everything shifting around me. The gas statio
changed places twice in the first hour. :
Iremember having questions before Greece.
like why and whatandhow. .. Thatall seemsso pointles
now. He'll want to put a gun in my face, that man will.
I've lived it before/after/again. The angel knows.
_ Idon'thave any questions anymore. I don'tneed|
toknow anything. Everything has already happened.
} To: oracle171
| CC: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
f From: nurse216
| Subject: Stay with us!
Oracle,
Please stay with us. You have people here
will help you. You don't have to hide from us.
— Nurse

I think his other comments in the letter will be of interest
to those following Nurse216's recent posts on the same subject.

Dear SoS,

I've met one of us. | was in the bus station buying us some ticketsior §
our next trip when | saw her. |

Bus stations are terrible places — full of lost luggage and lost souk
was unseaSonably cold, The folks waiting for friends and loved onesit
arrive all looked washed out, bored and frustrated.

She'd just gotten off the coach from ("Il have removed the nameli
protect this lady - SoS29"). | was watching the crowds while | was ning
and | saw her bag. it was a battered old case with enough airline tagsoy
it to suggest some serious traveling. That wasn't the interesting thing
though. It had our symbol for ourselves sewn onto it. {

|pushed out of the ticket line (no mean feat in a wheelchair) and wert
to intercept her. As | got closer, | could just make out the sign for "alone
next to the first sign. It looked as if she'd sewed it on too and had tied
remove it since. The stitch marks remained.

Il say one thing for being in a wheelchair — women are less likely
think you're a creep when you strike up a conversation,

Ittook a fair amount of effort, but | eventually convinced Sally (‘Nang
changed — SoS29°) that | was one of us. She was overjoyed. | didn'tttin
she'd stop hugging me. | wasn't sure | wanted her to.

She'd only ever known one other of us, a headshrinker from hernia
of the woods. They worked together for a while, then had a disagreemat
over the best way to deal with one of the walking dead. While Sally wasa
work, the headshrinker dealt with the zombie permanently.

They haven't spoken to each other since.

Anyway, Sally shere on business. She was reluctanttotellmeerat
what she did, though. She wanted to hear about other chosen, so tals
what we spent the afternoon talking about.


ComPROMISES

Discussing others of our kind with Sally has really made me think
about my relationships with other imbued. The group | used to hang with
nBoston always looked down on me to some degree. | didn't have their
drive for what they insisted on calling "the hunt." That's why | got more and
more caught up in my personal research projects, | guess.

For a while | withdrew from other imbued. Once I'd lost my legs, |
didn't feel like being reminded of what I'd been. The others tried to visit me
inthe hospital, but | turned them away. Then | weakened a little and joined
the new hunter-net and lurked for a while. Eventually the bitterness and
anger became too much and spilled out into my post The Enemy.

Perhaps | was trying to fit in with the others, again. Listening to their
callinstead of my own. Others' recent treatment of Oracle has made me
wonder if there's really any point to hunter-net at all, anymore. When it
started we were all in the same boat. Confused, scared and uncertain.

Now that we've had a while to be like this, the cracks are showing.
There's a dozen broad categories of posters on hunter-net these days,
unless things have changed dramatically since I left.

To: vitalis.list(@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: We're all different (my views, part 9)

I think we spend much too much energy trying to categorize
things. We lose track of what those things are. Bookworm tried to
categorize the otherside bywhat they could do, calling them vampires
and ghosts and warlocks. When he did that — and when the rest of
us accepted his categories — we lost track of why the hidden were
hiding, Wedidn'tunderstand thatsome hide because they're in pain,
not because they're waiting to kill usall. Maybe if we had understood
that earlier, some recent tragedies wouldn't have happened.

Well, the same thing is happening among ourselves. We're
starting to categorize ourselves by what we can do, by what gifts
we've received, instead of by what we believe. Just because two of
us can do some similar, amazing things doesn't mean we see the
world the same way. For now, the only time we notice differences
inbeliefiswhen people startsendingangry messages on hunter.list.

We need to work together, to help each other and to help
others. To do those things we need to learn to accept each other's
points of view. We all have something to contribute to the plan or
else the voice wouldn't have come to us. Let's listen.

Tlstartwith myself I don'treallyfeel belongtoa "group" oranything,
but I do believe in some things that others might not. I believe that
community is our greatest asset, both among those of us who have heard
thevoiceand those who haven't believeincompassionand understand-
ingoverviolence.I believe thatmany (ifnotmost) of the hidden arevictims
intheirown way. [believe thatalone,none ofuscan fulfill the plan. [believe
thatalone, we risk becoming worse than any of the hidden.

That is what] believe. But others don't believe those things
and I want to learn from them. There are many other beliefs, and
Tye given them names only to ean my thoughts.

Manrves AND Repeewens (Gopueaps)

Tam Catholic. | know deep within me that the plan is God's
and that the voice is His or His angels'. lam notselfish enough to
believe that I have the only understanding of the plan. God has
chosen to show Hi mself in many different ways to many different
people, either through His Son orin other forms. laccept thisand

CHAPTER 3: INIT TOGETHER

itmakes me happy. The Popeand the priests have an understand-
ing of God Ido not, and I have an understanding they do not.

Some of us believe they have the only understanding, We've
all heard stories of strange cults and seen the signs on this list. ]
know that there are people on hunter-net gatheri ng followers and
calling themselves divine.

This is wrong. I wish I could be less judgmental, but to
present yourself as a messiah is reprehensible. Too many people
will believe it and abandon their own views foryours. We cannot
afford to squander ourselves this way. Each of us must contribute.

Those of us who set themselves upas godheads may actually
have insight to share — they do believe strongly, at least — but
they choose to convert instead of exchange.

I'm sorry, but these people who preach about giving of ourselves to
help inherit the Earth are idiots. Give up your legs and see how you lke it.
What's the point of sacrificing your own future to give others one when we
can work to bring about a better world together?

Sorry guys, but if we're going to inherit the Earth, | still want to be
around to receive my inheritance.

Isuppose in some ways these guys are worse than the toughs. Idon't
like the fact that some of the other side have to be destroyed, but some do.

| refuse to go forward accepting that we have to suffer to succeed.
That'sjusttoo cynical. Fyodor disagrees, of course. "Inany struggle sacrifices
must be made," he says. ‘This is true of struggles of the mind as much as
struggles of the body. Surely you would still have embarked on your meeting
with the vampire even if you'd known that you would lose your legs?"

Idon't know the answer to that one, but | suspect it's "'no," and that's
why I'll never understand a lot of people with this attitude.

Andyetl can sort ofsee where some of them are coming from — the
one's who aren't godheads through and through. Potter116 seems to
sum up this attitude and she seems nice enough, ifa little flaky. Like us, they
want to bring the other side around to a better way of thinking.

Still | can't help feeling that they're too caught up in the whole
"monster" thing. They go at the calling under the assumption that the
other side has done wrong and must be taught the error of its ways.

Let's face it Going up to something with the power torip youin halfand
teling it that's evil and must repent is hardly the way to gett on your side.

Jupers (Headsuninkers)

I've said it a few times before, but this effort to put into words
how! feel aboutournewlives has been very good for me. It's forced
me to think about many things that I hadn't considered before.
Actually, I believe it's made me think like a headshrinker does.

What I call headshrinkers (that's what we call the psychiatric
ward doctors at the hospital, by the way) are those ofus who are always
asking questions about the mission. Often, this is good. I feel much
better with someone who is curious about things than with a tough
who always resorts toa gun. Talkingabout motivations isvery healthy.

I worry about some of them, though. So many questions can
become a trap, especially if you can't accept having no answer. |
wonder why this is all happening, but] have to have faith that there
is a reason. I wish I could clearly see who on the other side I could
help best (and whoamong us, too), butl can'tsol have todo my best.

Searching for answers is a reason to go forward, not to stop.

ve tied to hide behind the analytical attitude that people like Doctor1 19
show, but it's too dispassionate for me. These guys are cold, | know. I've been
there. What's the point in taking the risks we do if we don't do it out of passion?


Idrather try and turn the other side around to my point of view than

assume responsibility for deciding who should be destroyed and who
should live. But some of the hidden can be purely evil. I'm not sure I'm
qualified to make that decision. Maybe these guys are.

Sophie, back in Boston, thought this way. She was always picking our

next targets from the information | dug up. She made the decision to tell
Andy about Phaedra, | suspect.

Drrenpers (Homer own Herors)

Tveread about many of these on hunter-netand metafewatthe

safe house. Daniel is one, think. They've heard the call and don't
really care too much about the message for the world. They know
what their taskis,and that's to keep what they know safe. The woman
I met who defines this belief told me that she "didn't five a rat's ass
about what's going on in Borneo, Bolivia or even Buffalo." She just
wanted to keep her husband safe and their home intact. Another
man, a janitor, said he spent most of his time in a large local high
school. He wanted the kids to be safe, and going out to do more
meant he couldn't do that. He only came to the meeting, because
Daniel had helped him with a situation at the school.

I understand this local attachment very well, obviously. My

family, my friends, my neighborhood, | love them all. They are what
keep me sane and enable me to participate in the plan at all. The
janitor's case, though, frightens me somewhat. His attachment seems
to make him less sane, rather than more. | imagine him watching the
children from hiding, guarding them against monsters and molesters,
butnot playing with them. He sleeps ina storeroomand almost never

goes home, never sees anybody. What kind of life is that?

:

4

Love forthecommunityisa beautiful thing, butwecannotl
separatefromit Ineed toreceive loveaswell as giveit Thankfully,
is more open and participates in the community and protects it

Now, Heaven forbid my mother or sister might ever be threatened
other side, but if they were I'd turn to one of these guardian types ina

Dole7 comes across as being a little too paranoid from time tot
Eric, one of my former colleagues from Boston, had a similar mit

Jen was something special. She would watch my back whill
totalk tothe other side. She kept quiet, stayedin the backgroundandfth
made any move to hurt me, she'd deal with them.

She's dead now. One of the walking dead tore her head off while!
in the hospital. | miss her. | wish she were here now. 4

Vistonanizs (Honenos)
Being in charge is a very difficult thing, I think. It's

have someone who can make decisions and move on them:
necessary, but the burden must be tremendous. In theh
there are times when a doctor or head nurse has to say what
whole team will do and the rest of us have to do it
following the plan, itcan be even more important. If we don'
move in the same direction, we can't keep each other safe,
Butall this depends on trust and cooperation. Someone
lead the wayina crisis. Butforeveryone to respond together, they!
to feel they are respected and have something to contribute. In
hospital, I follow the head nurse's orders because know shecando! :
job and I know she'll let me do mine. It's happened many timesth
stupid egotists calling themselves doctors have bossed us


Subject: A special bond? (an observation)
From: witness!
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Lhope no one will take umbrage if jump in here
with something of an observation. Part of why I
maintain hunter-net is that it allows me to learna lot
about us. (Not our real lives — unless you're being
careless in your posts — but on how we relate.)
Looking through the various posts here and on
some of the sub-lists about how we work together, I
can't help but notice that something special seems to
happen when a protective hunter and a real optimist
get together. It's sort of like a natural bond or some-
thing. The protector compensates for the optimist's
olhardiness and seems to get a good dose of hope in
turn. From what I can tell, hunters who end up in
is sort of relationship are less likely to end up as
defenseless bait or hardcore dead-eyes.
I wonder if there are other personality types that
‘match up like that. Food for thought.
by ItE!

without knowing us or what we can do. This always compromises the
patients' health, because the doctor doesn't know what we are best at
and because we end up having to pick up thingshe missed. A hospital
is very complex and it only works when everyone works together.

The mission is the same thing. Those of you who volunteer to
be leaders, who try to tell others what to do and how to do it (what!
call honchos), have to be careful how you do it. If you don't respect
therestof usand listen to us,wewon listen toyou and youwill make
mistakes. | think this happens more than anyone admits.

Now Witness] is the head honcho of hunter-net (and of us
all in some ways) and I'm glad for it. Witness has always listened
tousand made suggestions instead of. issuing orders. I'm sure he's
the same way with people he is close to (and while I'm at it
Witness ifyou're reading this, itwould be great to meet face to face
ifwe can find a safe way to do so). There are others I worry about.

Iwonderif what happened in Montreal could have been avoided.
IfOraclemadea mistake, maybe itwas because whoeverwasthehoncho
there wouldn't listen to her concems. Ignoring others is no way to lead.

You've got this attitude, haven't you SoS? Fyodor, too. Lots oflistening,
lots of questions and lots of sence. Then, when you talk, you just don't stop.

My time with Fyodor is a perfect example. He's either interrogating
me, lecturing me or sitting in sullen silence.

Stil you and Witness1 were pretty instrumental in getting me back
onto hunter-net regularly when | was in the hospital, and in getting me to
think about answering the call again.

Sure, we don't always agree — look at my war of words with
Witness] over the use of the name "hunter" for us — but you always make
me think and question my own attitudes, which has to be good.

Lots of us look to guys like you for leadership. 'm not sure that's the right
thing for you guys to be doing (no offense intended). There's a difference
between guiding and leading. | personally am not wiling to submit to anyone
é&e's vision of the hunt again. t doesn't matter whose vision itis: yours, Sophie's,
Fyodor's.'m beginning to understand who lam and nobody wilttake that from
melmasobeginningtothink that's whatF yador has been after this whole time.

a

CHAPTER 3: INIT YOGETHER

Bysranpers (Te Lonety)

Sally's isolation before our meeting paints a whole other picture of
our mission. | think we list subscribers forget how lonely our existence can
be. | wonder how many of the imbued have never found their way to
hunter-net, or even found another of our kind.
‘Theremaybewholebandsofus outthere convincedthattheyretheonly ones
whoknowaboutthe other side |just can timagnne having spentthe past months ke
that Idon'twantto de butifl dol know there wil be others outthereto take my place.
How do you stay sane if you think you're the only one who has any
chance of dealing with the hidden? How much worse must it be if you're
trying to do it alone, with no one to talk to or fall back on?
It'sbeen too long since! spent any time with others of our kind, barring
Fyodor. He seems more interested in us than he does in the other side.
That said, | guess | really don't know if should introduce Sally to hunter-
net or other chosen. My own experience with others hasn't always been good.

Avenecrs (Soubicrs AND Y oucus)

Some of | uscan'tseemto get past the idea thatwe're at war. It's
anatural enough reaction when you suddenly hear the voice and
gain the sight. You might well see the hidden everywhere. Corpse-
like people in the police or government. Ghosts in your bed and
other things in your house. You could believe that we've been
invaded, taken over. That we must fight back.

But the idea of the plan asa war just misses too much. It ignores
hope forreconciliationand understanding, Itsays "us orthem," never
realizing that there may not be as much difference as we like to think.

Soldiers in this "war" see everything as a battle and expect
everyone else to fall in line. They are constantly talking about
being prepared and organized, about tactics and counterstrikes.
This is their great strength and the reason they are very important
tothe plan. They know how to be ready, to keep us safe, to train us.
The man I call John isa soldier. Even though we often disagreed,
I was always happy to have him around. I never would have
survived my encounter with the troll if not for him.

Butall this preparedness can come at the price of compassion
and intuition. For them, every new situation isa new threatand only
anew threat. They miss opportunities for insight and growth. If the
Test of us stand with them, we can help them see and feel and they
can help us be safe and ready. Nota bad compromise. If we don't
stand with them, they'll just become what we call toughs.

A tough reacts to everything with violence. The people who
want to kill Oracle. The people who post long exposés on explo-
sives and assault rifles. The people who threaten others on thelist
because they disagree. These are the toughs.

Toughs miss a great deal about the calling, They see enemies
where seevictims. They have no patienceand mustalways know they
are stronger than others. Toughs don't listen to any other opinions.
Before they realize it, they tum into casual murderers. Gangsters on
the street behave this way and it gets them killed. It tums them hard
and destroys their hope. It seems worse among toughs.

Thatetosayit, butifhewasin my position, mysonwouldbeatough.
Ever since he started thinking he was a gangster, power and violence
becameimportanttohim. Even now,asa ghost, knowhethinksinterms
of who is stronger and fiercer. He is my son, but part of him is lost

Tvealmostdeleted that last paragraph three times. Itstoo personal,
Itell myself, but then I realize thateverything! say here is personal. You
havea right to know why things botherand scare me.So!'m leavingitin.

a


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

This "hunter" mindset is almost as misguided as anything on the other
side. Soldiers just can'tsee beyond theneedtokiland destroy. Sure, know there
are things out there that are evil. Sometimes putting them downis the only way
to protect the greater good. In the end, though, I'd rather pick up a gun and do
it myself than let this kind do it. At least | wouldn't take pleasure in it.

Andy was a soldier. He saw the world in simplistic "us" and ‘‘them'" terms,
Oncelstartedspending tme with Purple and Phaedra crossed the nein his eyes.
By attacking Phaedra, he turned a constructive relationship into a destructive one,

That's the problem. As long as they takeso simplistica view of thecal,
they're only making things worse rather than better.

Cuancine Yicws

Youknow, I wasabouttosend this message, but] realized there's
something else I need to say on the subject. (Inever knew! could write
so much) It's important that we all realize that our views and beliefs
can change. Just because someone acts like a soldier today doesn't
mean he can't change his ways. This is my hope for John.

The fact that we can change is both hopeful and a reason for
caution. Hope because we can always find our way back when we
become lost. If we start believing that we are the voice of God or
some such,wecan come tooursenses. Friendscan help us become
ourselves again. This is wonderful, verdad?

On the otherhand, change also means we have to be careful thatwe
don'tslip into ugly behavior. In the hospital, | sew this many times. People
arrive on staff full of enthusiasm and energy, but the hard work and the
suffering slowly eats away at them. They become gical and doubt
whether it's worth it atall. This has even happened to mea few times, but

I read some of the other posts here on Vitalis — from
Bookworm, Oracle and XXX289 on hunter.list — and I know
that same process happens for us, as well. Bookworm, ifyour heart
tellsyou to follow this man, then doso. But always remember that
there are other people here who care for you and who want what's
best for you. Please don't shut us out.

Working T o¢rrHer

From: sixofswords29
To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Turning around?

Yet another letter from Bookworm, hard on the
heels of the last one. This "Sally" certainly seems to
have done him some good, but I'm worried about how
Fyodor will react to the events described here.

Those of you searching for the two of them, please
redouble your efforts. We may not have long left.

Dear SoS,

What a night. Sally turned up unexpectedly at the hotel, Luckily,
Fyodor was out. She said she needed help.

twas along way tothe café where she was meeting her "friend." Wheeling
myself around all the time is giving me the defntion on my arms that | used to
dreamofasakid—whileeverybody esewas geting dates andlwasbeng ignored.

Shefiled mein ontheway.Inherhometown,Saly apparenttyhassomething
ofareputation arnong the spits for being helpful | must say, I never realized they
communicated so much with each other. Something to bear in mind, perhaps.

She'sbeen bumtonce or twice — spirits that she tried tohelp havelume
nasty onher unexpectedly. Butshe's avoided serious harm soar. Whenlas
her how, she says things have just worked out for her. An escape routetin
up or someone stumbles across the rot chasing her and it runs away,

| wonder if that's another of the Messengers' gts? It's oertanlyng
one I've heard about.

She's maintained her optimism. She keeps trying tohelp, tse
beworking for her, too. One or two spirits in the area have apparently
to warning her about the untrustworthy ones, I'm not sure Id fal
remained so committed. Let's face it, | didn't.

Anyway, she'd agreed to help an artist who'd "come back" Hes
he wanted the chance to see his final work on display. She agreed aha
him break into a private collection to look at it.

Irealy wasn't sure about ital at frst. Breaking and entering? Notlogaa
said | wasn't prepared to do that in the name of the cal. Maybe! got swept
Sally soptimism Itremindedmesomuch ofhow|usedtobebackint

With our sightit was easy to spot the walking dead inthe café Hew
looking down at his coffee with an expression of regret. "ldid so
double espresso when | was alive," he complained. j

Sally introduced me and he filled us in on the painting, "Youust
to see it? That's all?" | asked, suspiciously. j

He stared at me. "Yes." Somehow, | didn't believe him. Sil $@
seemed to know what she was doing, so | kept quiet. :

Sally, it turns out, had hung around with the wrong peopledte
time, because she clearly knew a thing or two about breaking in i
the look-out. Sally had a pager. | was supposed to call her ifsecuniy
the police showed up. They disguised me as a beggar, coverngy
chair with an old blanket, so it wasn't so obviously new. We'd id
up a shabby outfit for me from thrift store, :

Before she headed off, Sally kissed me. "It's so nice to finaly
someone who understands what | do and why | do it," she said.

To cut a long story short, they broke in okay. The police dit
up, but the alarms went crazy after about ten minutes. Sally came
out, cursing the rot's name. "Bastard lied to me. He didn't wanttos
He wanted to destroy it Didn't think it was worthy of him or sometiy

Attimes|appreciate being in this wheelchair. The police tendtoassl
that the crippled guy and his girfriend aren't involved in a breakin
Innoceny INvENTIONS .

The incident with the artist and the problem with Oraclehavem
me think. What if Oracle did cause the deaths in Mortal? | doit
second mean that she did it intentionally. However, by trusting alt
much, she may have given too much away.

Sally trusted the dead artist a little too easily, She might haveb
right — he could have been a basically a decent guy, but he wast
the whole truth. if | hadn't been there, she'd probably be in jailnig

Imbeginning to think that people with an attitude ike mine or Sal
tostick together. We're the only ones who really understanding how oun
work, so we're the best bet for stopping each other from making mist

| think I need to find Oracle. | have no idea how I'm going to date
Im going to try.

PART INGS
didn't go back to the motel room I was sharing with Fyodor. wert
toSally'sroom, instead. She was scared by her narrow escape |corrortde


The next morning, when we woke, Fyodor was sitting at the end of
the bed. He was holding a copy of the morning paper. The break-in had
made page four.

"Would you and your friend know anything about this?" he demanded.

Inodded mutely, feeling defenseless on the bed. Fyodor had moved
my wheelchair out of reach. God knows how long he'd been there.

Anger flashed in his eyes. "What have | told you? You don't do the
Messengers' work until we agree you are ready! There's more at stake
here than you can possibly realize!"

Hewes onhis feetnow, ranting and punctuating eachremark by shaknga fst.

"Youdon'tunderstand the risks we face. Notto our bodies, butto our
very souls. Would you become what we face? Would you serve Hell?"

\startedto back up on the bed, in fear. Then | felt Sally's hand on mine,
reassuring me.

"don't know who you are," she yelled at Fyodor. "But [Bookworm] is
agood man. Together we helped a soul find peace last night How could that
beserving Hel? Yeah, some rich bastard's property was damaged. Boohoo.
Nobody got hurt and we did some good. What harm is there in that?"

Her words were persuasive, but their effect on Fyodor seemed
profound. He calmed down immediately. After a moment's silence, he
glanced at the newspaper and then at us.

"Hthink ourtime together has ended," hesaid, finally. "May youleamasmuch
fomher as! have this moment." Then he left. was stunned. fd seen him change
istran of thought or go off on a tangent during another conversation, butnever
fosuch an extreme. | don't know what came over him. | guess I never wil

Anyway, we're not staying here. We've just changed hotels and
aeleaving town tomorrow morning. | hope Fyodor will leave us alone,
@& Sally seems to believe he will — despite never having known him.
Im not so sure she's right.

Yours,

"Bookworm"

Bevrer off Wivnour

fo: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
From: xxx289
Subject: All of you

You people are a joke. I read your posts
about how the monsters are disease victims, how
we have to all hold hands to work together, how
a shotgun is preferable to a pistol at short
vange. It's all bullshit, yet you can't see it.

Have you ever considered that you may be as
Much to blame for the state of the world as any
of the monsters? Look at all the horrible
things people have done over the ages. Wars.
Holocausts. Pollution. Don't you think the
world would be better off without us? We treat
each other and the Earth with so much abuse that
it's come back to bite us on the ass. Now our
own corruption is corrupting us. Why bother
working together or making friends or striking
alliances? Those are the very things that

CHAPTER 3: INIT YOGETHER

Subject: Gunplay

From: oracle171

To: bookworm55, vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Bookworm, I hope you're reading this. The an-

gel says that we need to be purified and it showed me

proof today. I'm in a new city. When I got here, |

knew I would be meeting some of us. The angel let }

hours slip around me to show me the way.

Itwas inashopping center that saw one of us. A little
man with glasses. He was wearing a leather jacket with a
few patches on them and some of them were the angel's
symbols. I felt happy to see one of us, sol went up to him.

He wasn't happy to see me. Instead of smiling, his
face got hard and cold, just like a monster's. He reached
into his jacket and the angel showed me he had a gun.

"Witch," he said. "You got them all killed in
Montreal and now you're here for me, aren't you"

I smiled and said I was just following the angel's
voice. Like in New Dijon and in Thessaly. He
glanced around at the shoppers. I think that if we had
been alone he would have shot me.

"Keep away from me!" wasall he said. He disappeared
into the crowd and the angels smiled, understanding that
I now knew Crusader17 feared the light, too.

nations have always done in the name of peace
and goodwill. But wars still break out and
agreements are broken. Even when they' re
Maintained, alliances often mean countries'
mutual greed or hatred allows them to assault
another smaller guy.

Maybe we're better off keeping to our
individual selves, struggling to keep ourselves
alive. Maybe if we work for our own betterment and
allow others to do the same without intervention
or envy, people in general will be better off.

I'm new to this whole "hunt" experience. I
choose to stay to myself, though. And I' 11 bet
I'm better off than many of you who worry about
"allies" stabbing you in the back or ruining your
plans by forcing theirs on you. You know why I'm
better off, too, because the "chosen" people you
turn to are still people, the worst thing in the
world. Don't expect the leopard to change his
spots just because he's been shown stripes.

Rather than expect the best from people and try
to work with them in hopes of getting rid of the
monsters, be realistic. Expect the worst from people
and anticipate it at all times. That way you can cover
your own ass and won' t be surprised when your "ally"
shits all over you and leaves you for dead.

If you need to look for hope, look for it in
yourself. You can only get better from there.
I did, even though the world lied to me and did
everything it could to destroy me.



CHAPTER 4: ANOTHER DAY

But the eyes of the wicked shall fail, and they shall not
escape, and their hope shall be as the giving up of the ghost.

— Job 11:20

Minacte

From: sixofswords29
To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org, hunter.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Fwd: Get up and walk

People, I just received an email from Bookworm. |
really think you should read this. Perhaps we were wrong
about Fyodor, though I'm not sure I can believe what I read
here. Yet Bookworm seems to have his senses about him.

—Forwarded Message——

SoS,
i Ican't believe what's happened. | was there, it happened to me and
_Isiill can't believe it
q Iwokeupthismorning to find F yodor standing at the foot of our bed again.
» Thankfuly Sally was stil asleep. He was grasping the stumps where my legs
used to be. Hs eyes were shut and he seemed to be concentrating intensely,

| was about to pull away or shout or something, when | felt a
warmth wash through me. It took my breath away. It felt a bit like my
» imbuing, | guess, but somehow different. It was pleasurable, right in
thesame way that the other side feels wrong. | lay back and lost myself
tothe sensation.

Idon't know how much time passed. Minutes? Hours? I don't know.
The next thing | really remember is hearing Fyodor's voice calling my
name softly. ‘Look down," he said. | opened my eyes.

|had legs!

| gaped, | guess, my mind refusing to accept what | saw. | looked at
the wheelchair in the corner and then at Fyodor. He was smiling. | mean,
really smiling, with a genuine pleasure I'd never seen in him before.

Andthenhetumedtoleave He paused forasecond before hewent "Thank
you," he said. | had a thousand questions ! wanted to ask, but didn't say a word.

The door shutting woke Sally. She looked around, confused. Then
she looked at my legs and jumped out of bed. " how?"

| still don't have an answer to that question. Unless | go looking for
Fyodor again, | doubt | ever will

Iflled Sally in on what happened as quickly as| could. Then, with her help,
| got to my feet for the first time in months. The legs felt weak, bruised and
strange Ifellafter only afew steps, but walked. 'd never thought!'d doit again.

ljustsatthere, on the floor, crying and staring at my legs. Mylegs. Thescar
where thatdog bitmewas gone, butthey were my legs. lcouldwakkagain.Icould
dance and run and jump and do all the things a normal person could.

| must have cried for a good while. Sally just held me until | stopped.
Then we started making plans. Plans that didn't involve a wheelchair.

Sally has managed to get me a pair of crutches from somewhere (|
didn't ask — DADT applies in all kinds of situations) and she's been helping
me practice walking, We're heading for ("her home city —SoS29')ina few
hours. We've got a lot of talking to do and some decisions to make.

This is going to take some getting used to.

I'm not sure when I'll be in contact again.

Yours,

"Bookworm"


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

One Sree ara Time

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: What about tomorrow? (my views, part 10)

One of the first things] said when I started this whole project
was that! thought some of usspenttoo muchtime asking where we
came from. | said — and I still believe — that we exist to make
things betterand thatwe don't really need to know more than that.
In fact, Idon't really think we can know more than that.

Until Istarted this project, felt the same way about where we
are going. Ital seems so simple: we're all working for abetterworld
and that's that. But I'm coming to realize that it's not that simple.
Everyone sees the "better world" differently and that meansweact
differently. Just like it's important to understand and appreciate
what each of us believes, it's important to accept all our goals.

Forthatto happen, Iknow] have to make my own vision of the
future more clear. This email is my attempt.

I think the best way to put it is, I see the future as a sort of
promised land. We've all heard the voices, verdad? To Witness
they said "Inherit the Earth. " Thatisa sign of hope to me. It means
we are all part of the future, our inheritance. The old ways of pain
and abuse will pass on, and we will receive the peace that follows.
That is the Messengers' promise to us all.

But an inheritance has to be eared. We can't just sit back
and wait for the promised land to come to us — we have to start
building it here and now.

I think I'm getting ahead of myself. We can't build unless we
know something of the house. The promised land is all about
peace and equality, a place where we can live free from the pain
that surrounds us. It is nota specific place ora specific time. It is
a way of living.

I think the greatest components must be respect and
acceptance. When we live with respect, we cannot hurt each
other. When we live with acceptance, we cannot breed the
hate and anger that destroys respect. Under these condi-
tions, we can be different and still live together. Bigots,
batterers and bullies have no place in this promised land —
not because they have been exterminated, but because the
anger they feed on has vanished. This is why I think talking
and cooperating are so important. These things help justify
our claim to our inheritance.

TWISTING PATHS

Respect and acceptance can never be one-sided if we want to
build a real future. If a person accepts another, but the sentiment
isn't returned, there is no equal relationship. This is just a form of
abuse, onel'veseen too manytimes. Acceptance isnotaboutsitting
backand being trampled byan abuser because "that's the wayitis."
It'sabout building equal and understanding relationships. Icannot
accept bullies who treat people like prey, and I cannot sit by while
others on hunter-net belittle my views as childish.

Toughs like God45 can't seem to post more than a few lines
before words like "extermination" appear. Don't they know thata
future built on that kind of extremism isn't going to be any better
than what we have now? What kind of standard do we set if our

only answer toa problem is murder? Doany of us really thinkwell |
be able to put down our guns after using them so long without
question? Once the vampires and ghosts are gone (or even be
fore), won't we just turn on ourselves? |

It's just as bad to think that one person has the only answer
about where we re going, I can't give anyone explicit instructions
for finding the promised land, and those who do offer them
delude themselves. Godheads who tell us that we have to follow
them — to worship them — in order to complete the mission |
cannotaccept other views, so what kind of world will they build? |
Anyone who disagrees with them will become the new monstes
to be hunted. In the end, only the godhead will be left and thats |
no inheritance at all.

The point I'm trying to make is that if we want a world of
equality, we have to start building it now. If we play our cards right,
we can get to the promised land.

Gone our oF Srvte

And what about us, who've heard the voice? In the promised
land, whatwill happento us?! don'treally know.1 hope thatall our
capabilities and sights and voices will fade — or stay only to keep
things in balance. We have been blessed because we aren
Once that need passes, our blessings may go away. And we can
finally be with our loved ones again.

The otherside should fade, too. Oratleast change. Inaworld :
of trust and honesty, anger and fear are impossible. Once weve
broken the cycle of abuseand found ways to live together, thedead
will sleep again. The warlocks and vampires won't lust for power
and blood. The "monsters" will lose their hideousness and justh
the people they really are.

I for one look forward to the day when I can go back toj ist
being me, and my son can go to his reward.

Back INBuSINESS

Subject Bookworm Redux
To: hunter listehunter-netorg
From: bookworm55

Well, 'm back. Thanks to Sixofswords29 for posting my letterstoité
Vitalis list. t never occurred to me that he might be so thorough, Siip
glad he didit.|hope they've given people something to think about Imai
sure "Sally," or Ticket312 as you'll soon know her, will appreciate eve}
thing being made public, but what's done is done. i

Thanks to those of you who wanted to "rescue" me. As|'msureyi
know by now, | didn't need it 4

Fyodor has saved mein more ways than one stil don't know why hed
what he did, or how he restored my legs, but my mother always taughtme
to look a gift horse in the mouth. Heaven knows I've had very few chanossi

Alll know is that | can walk again and return to answering thecal
may not have found Phaedra yet, but | will. Ticket312 and | are goingos
separate ways for now. She's staying home, while| have other thingstat
Finding Phaedra is one of them, but there are others.

|can'treturn to Boston. How do | explain to my family the facttha
"regrown'' legs? lwon'tabandon them — my mother and sister havebi
through too much in their lives to have me disappear on them, Butlal
see them, either. Legs are difficult to hide. I'm gonna have to comeupi


astory that satisfies them and keeps them from worrying, if you have any
ideas, let me know, but I'lfind a way without hurting them. Ceasing to care
éout those around you is one mistake the other side makes, and | don't
want to walk that path. Ill write my family whenever | can.

And, myfellow imbued, Ilwrite you. know many ofyouwillnever agree
wih me and the way | view the other side, but | forgive you your lack of
understanding. And | intend to do everything | can to help you understand.

You might not hear from me as often as you did in the old days, as
[Ihave to use cyber cafes and the like, but Ill keep posting.

I'm meeting up with Sixofswords29 in England later this week,
and we're going to see if we can find and talk to this "Noah" that
Lotus19 talked about.

After that, 'm meeting up with Ticket312 again and we're going to
find Oracle. If anyone wants to join us, please contact me directly.

4 Oracle needs our help, not our suspicion. She seems to be
deeper into our calling than most of us. it may be that she's gone too
far.On the other hand, perhaps she has something to teach us, just as
Fyodor has taught me.

Trur Aers

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject The way to the future (my views, part II)

Hope123 sent me a message that got me thinking about my
last email (I've copied it so you can see it, too). Hope is right that
the future isn't going to be as simple as] said, but don't think we
can know exactly what form itwill take. Any big plan to get to the
promised land ends up being flawed and leaving some people
behind. Hope says we should concentrate on the here and now
and trust that the rest will take care of itself. agree except that we
can't make the mistake of ignoring opportunities when they arise.
We have to be ready to make the world better when we can.

Ican hear your question now: How can we know what we do
isright? I can't give you an easy answer, but the key (I think) is to
listen to your heart.

Can you remember moments in your life that just felt right?
Like a perfect kiss with your first love? Or a perfect relaxed after-
noon? In the hospital, ‘we all talk about those cases that made our
hearts soar. My first one was a child who had swallowed drugs her
motherhad left around (stupid woman). We fought fordaysto keep
that little girl alive and itlooked like we had lost many times — itwas
very hard. But when she finally got off the respirator, I cried with joy.
That day the sun was so bright. Saving that child was right, was true.

I think those moments show us the way toa better future. It's
asif the universe says, "Yes, this is what you are here to do." We
have to look for these true acts and follow them. Exactly how they
lead to the future, I don't know. I just know that they do.

SraRcHinG FoR T RUTH

Okay, I wasn't sure I wanted to say this, but! think I can give
you a real example of the "true acts" that I'm talking about. I
suppose that the truest one for me happened when first heard the
voiceand helped stop mi hijo from killing that other boy. Thatfelt

completely right andl am so proud of that moment.

CHAPTER 4: ANOTHER DAY

From: hope123
To: nurse216
Subject: promised land

Nurse, here in Israel, the words "promised }
land" have a very special meaning. The Torah says
that God promised this land to the Jews and that is
the foundation of our state (and of the Law of ff
Return, which allows Jews to come to Israel freely).

Of course, the last fifty years of history show that
this promise isnot easy to fulfill. Not everyone accepts
the promise, and it has very troubling implications.
The Arabs certainly do not accept that this is Jewish

| land, and I'm not sure I do either. I want the state of
Israel to be secular and modern, a democracy, not
‘tuled by ultra-orthodox rabbis. Secular Jew fights
ultra-orthodox, Arab fights Jew, Islamic Arab fights
Christian Arab, all over this land of milk and honey.

Israel is my home and I love it, but it has taught
me the dangers of a promised land. Nurse, you make
it all sound so easy —a bright future we can all share.
Butnoteveryone will want toshare and not everyone
will see the future the same way. Grand plans are
never so simple as you make out.

It is best to start small. If | can co-exist with an
Arab neighbor, maybe there is hope for peace. If I
can keep my family together and happy in a world
of monsters, maybe there is hope for the future.

Telling us everything will be wonderful creates
false hope. Concentrate on what you can accom-
plish and trust the rest to fate. It's all any ofus can do.

Shalom,

— Hope

In fact, I'll confess that I had a hard time after it happened. I
suppose we all do right efter we see the truth, si? But it was more
than knowing there were dead people on the streets. I had trouble
because acting to help them (or stop them) didn't feel as right, as
true as helping my own child. I needed to feel that confidence
again, that clarity, and I was afraid it would never come. The
storiesl've toldyou, about the troll and the rat-creatures — I never
felt that same truth in them.

Looking back, I think my strong reaction to what happened
in Montreal and to Bookworm's life came from my own despera-
tion to find that same truth.

Well, found itagain, and I did thanks to John and the zombito.

Gone ox Insriner

You remember what I said last week about the zombito, sf?
Something told me that the answer to what this littlewalking dead
baby wanted wasin the maternity ward. I recognized the linens the
little corpses were in. They came from my hospital!

Sol went to find out what was happening. Even without the
Messenger's gifts, it is not very hard to sneak around a big
hospital. I believe some other people on hunter-net itself may


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: profesorgeo160
Subject: special times

Hola amigos,

Listen to Nurse. These special times are more
proof of vitalis. When everything seems just right
and you understand that your actions are correct,
that is when you are moving with vitalis. The

universe _changes_ with you.
bi vena is wild si il But it is true.

have talked about such things, buta person ina nurse's uniform
who acts like she knows where she is going can go many places
unchallenged. Wedohave security, butI do actually work there,
so that was not a problem.

I went first to the maternity ward and looked around, in that
special way we can. Nothing seemed wrong, The little babies were
in their cribs. A nurse I knew was working and we chatted. I went
to the neonatal care ward inICU and it was the same. It was much
rougher, seeing these little nifios in incubators and with monitor-
ing devices, but everything seemed normal.

Then, I began to think like a nurse. Too much of nursing is
about paperwork. We spend a lot of time entering things in
computers and filling out forms. And any nurse knows that you
cantellalotabouta hospital ora ward by looking at those records.
So off to records I went.

I don't really want to say how many hours I spent at the same
computer (from which I'm writing this, actually) looking at nursing
reports. Eventually I found what I was looking for and it was really
nothing, Workingin theneonatalCUis noteasywork.Itseems that
one of the babies is always coding or there are desperate parents. It's
very taxing, much like the ER. But there was one nurse — Raymond
Lucerne was the name he used — whoneverhad anything to report.
All his night shifts were perfectly calm. No code-99s. Meds always
tight on time. No accidents. That just doesn't happen in nursing,
Monsvers AND PAIN

Two nights later, I visited the ward again, but on Lucerne's
shift. used the Messengers' gift this time, calling on them to hide
me. My name badge got me past security and the Messengers got
me to Lucerne. He was wrong, very wrong, I just stood there and
watched and it was clear he thought he was alone. I wasn't sure
what he would do, so I waited.

Twenty minutes later, after had seen the security guard slip
off to the men's room, Lucerne went straight toa little girl inan
incubator. He just touched the monitor and it froze. He lifted the
cover on the incubator and there were no alarms or even readings.
He was reaching in when I had to step forward.

"What are you doing?" | said and tried to sound like a boss.
I was curious, angry and afraid, all at once. Lucerne looked very
surprised. He swore and ran, pushing me out of the way.

lamnotanathletic woman and he was halfway down the hall
by the time I reacted. I couldn't leave the little nifa, so I hed to
make sure the monitor was working and that she wasall right. That
took forever it seemed, and Iwas sure hewould be gone by the time
I got into the hall.

aT &

Instead, I almost ran into him. Lucerne had stopped in his
tracks. John was at the end of the hall, holdinga gun in one hand
and a bundle in the other. I was very surprised.

"He'snotgoingenywhere," Johnsaid.' Tre gotsomethingfocil

That's when the bundle moved and recognized what John
was holding — the zombito. For an instant I thought John had
killed it, butitwas still asaliveaswhenIhadseen it,iflcan say that

John told me later that the zombito had led him to the
hospital — apparently it became more excited the closer they got,
It was squirming and hissing now, trying to get at Luceme. The
nurse himself was almost crying,

"No," hewas saying, "Leave mealone! The childrenaremine"

I came around and asked him what he meant. Luceme
seemed relieved to talk to someone without a gun — his face
almost brightened. He said heneeded the children to keepmeme-
ties alive. He even showed me some small old pictures of other
children. He remembered them all, he said. He loved them allhe
said. He thanked them all for the gift of his life. q

John and | understood at the same time. He was stealingthe
lives of these children to extend his own. I think he was a warlock
ormaybea vampire of some sortand wasstealing the children'slife
— their vitalis, I suppose. He wanted sympathy from me, and]
gave it to him. I knew he was afraid of death, so afraid thathehad_
taken that of sweet children. I told him he had to stop, thathe was
causing so much pain that it couldn' tgoon. He had killed many,
many babies and even created the zombito, a walking dead who
seemed to exist only to stop him.

Luceme cried. He said he wanted to stop, but he couldnt
He couldn't face what he had done. He begged for help, I knew
what had to be done and! stepped aside. I took the zombito rom |
John and nodded.

Hisgunhadalongtubeonittomufflethesound, butitstill seemed.
very loud to me. tumed around and watched as the stolen years cau
upwith Luceme. He withered into a dried husk and eventually tumad.
to dust. The zombito calmed and rested in my arms.

John looked at me and simply said:‘T'll seeyouatthehouse"

SEARCHING STILL

When John tured and walked away, I realized whathe had
done. He had accepted me back into his trust. When he foundthe
zombito — following my posts, I believe — he hadn'tkilledit but
instead listened to itin his own way and found the source ofall
pain. He let me speak to Lucerne and uncover what happ ed.
And he left me with the zombito. A few days later we metal
Daniel's safe house and talked like friends. John, if you ae
reading this, muchas gracias, mi amigo.

That night at the hospital wasa true act. Even though] 1d
watched Lucerne die, I knew what we had done was right I i
found a safe place for the zombito, where I keep an eye on
and see what is happening with him. In the last few days he
become very sluggish, and I think he will soon fade away. Hecen
rest now, I think.

The future we all hope foris going to be built on small acts
this. We mustall have the simple courage to follow the truth wefs
inourhearts. When I firstsaw the zombito, | knewitneeded myhel
and I never gave upon that. Even when John threatened me, whe
it seemed like my friends were abandoning me, | had to follow


Tknew to be true. John ultimately followed that truth too, andI can
only imagine how much harder it must have been for him. Alone,
neither of us could have accomplished the simple act of salvation
that became possible when we were together.
All of us following the hope we feel inside and putting aside
our own differences to do so. That is how we will get to the
promised land, one true act at a time.

Qxes BuRNED. . .

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: crusader17
Subject: Re: Bookworm Redux
Forgive us? Hear this, you sanctimonious little
, dupe. We'll find that traitor Oracle before you do.
Whatever she did to me, she won't get another chance.

One For Ate
| Subject Re: Bookworm Redux
| From: bookworm55

Toc hunter listehunter-net org

Thanks for that, Crusader1 7.

You realize what you're doing, don't you? You're helping tear us
apart. As far as we know, none of us has been imbued for much over a
year. What have we done in that time? We've helped some of the other
side, We've killed others.

Have we really made any strides in organizing or understanding
ourselves since Witness 1 founded this site? If we hope to survive, we need
tosupport each other, not tear each other down.

|was really touched by Nurse216's story of her reconciliation with
dohn. it reminded me of the relationship | had with Jen, a hunter from
Boston who's dead now. She and | had different views on the calling, but
We worked together and each did our part.

If we're going to build a better world from this one, we need to start
Istening to each other and stop hating. How on Earth are we going to be
abe bring the other side back into the fold if people like you insist on
(Soating yourselves from basic human values?

ject: Truth and light
om: oracle171
bookworm55, vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
The light is growing inside me, | can tell. I hear
e angel's whisper-songs all the time now and
ings float in and out of time. A candle flickers in
eye and it shows me where the light needs to go.
was in the future yesterday and it was beautiful,
like Greece after the purity of the angel's wing.
I wish we could all see what the angel has shown

it. Listen to the voices. They will set you free.
I'll be gone when you read this, but so will we
e angel says.

CHAPTER 4: ANOTHER DAY

What we don't need is encounters like the one Oracle1 71 had with
youa while back. Isn'tthe other side enough for you? Do youhateso much
that you're prepared to turn your back on us?

Crusader, we can't afford to war with each other. We're too
new. We know too little about what we're facing and what we are.
Do you really understand what's happened to Oracle? | sure don't.
| recently had an experience that proved to me beyond doubt that
the Messengers can grant gifts beyond anything we can imagine.
Perhaps there are consequences to our life we have yet to compre-
hend. Surely you want to know the answers to these questions for
your own sake, if not for Oracle's.

intend to help Oracle. I'm going to bring her back into the commu-
nity. Others are better qualified to try andwork out what's happened to her,
But | understood her once, as did Nurse216 and Professorgeo160 and
others. Perhaps | can reach her again.

Do you really think that killing one of us on the suspicion that she
made a mistake is the right thing to do? What happened to the concept of
"innocent until proven guilty'? Do we throw away all the benefits of a
civilized society just because the world isn't what we thought it was?

Do you really think you and your kind can kill every single one of
the other side? If that's what we're here to do, why have others been
imbued in different ways?

And do you really believe that you have the right to slaughter the
hidden? It appears that the other side has been here as long as humanity,
iflegends are anything to go by. That's why | don't believe we should simply
wipe them out and claim the world for us alone.

Inherit the Earth. Ifthere's any phrase that defines the chosen, it's that.
Yes, we've lost the world to the other side. They're taking what should be
freely given, hiding from us, manipulating us and preying on us.

We need to take back the world, not for ourselves, but for everyone,
Once the misguided learn to understand us again, we can start to
understand them. Once we can understand them, we can start to educate
the rest of humanity.

Perhaps when the truth of the hidden world stands exposed, they will
put aside their petty concerns and work with us for a better place. Then,
and only then, will we inherit the Earth.

And when wedoso, what then? We chosen wil still havearole. There
wil always need to be police. Perhaps by then members of the other side
and the chosen will work together to deal with any who can't accept each
other and live in peace.

This all sounds pretty far-fetched, | know. | admit that achieving this
goalis a long, long way off. Every journey starts with a single step. Perhaps
| should propose how we might take ours.

..« Twice as Anery

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: crusader17
Subject: Re: Bookworm Redux
You're talking nonsense, book-boy. I've met your pre-
cious Oracle. You know what? She's mad. Lost it. Ga-ga.
It's guilt if you ask me. If I'd caused the deaths of
as many good people as she did, I'd lose it too. You
know what, though? You want to know why I've got no
sympathy for that witch? She turned her powers on


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

me! She burned me with some light of hers and it still
hasn't healed.

So don't you talk to me about some great worldwide
love-in. I know the truth. Under all those fancy words
and ideals, you're just the same as the rest of us. You
destroy what you don't like.

I'm not starting a war with that lunatic. When I
take her down, it's going to be for my own protection
and no other reason. You go the same way she did, book-
boy — which you might be from the way you're talking
— and you're next.

And another thing, are we really supposed to be-
lieve that you *grew* another set of legs? I think you
never lost them in the first place and have been lying all
this time for sympathy.

Av vue EXrReME
Subject Re: Bookworm Redux
From: Bookworm55

To: hunter listehunter-netorg

Im going toignore your attacks on me and focus on Oracle, in order
to be constructive.

You could be right, Crusader. Oracle could be mad. | hope you're
wrong, though. Okay, she hurt you, My betis that you attacked first, just as,
Andy did with Phaedra.

Im not going to approach her as a friend or as an enemy. I'm going
to approach her with hope and understanding, not a gun.

She was always one of the most dedicated among us. Utterly
committed to the cause, Perhaps she's isolated herself from the world
for too long and has lost perspective. Perhaps she's just seen too much
| know all that stuffl've read about in New Dijon and Greece would leave
me off balance.

If that's the case, I'ltreat her exactly like | would any of the other side.
Il try and show that what she's doing is wrong and bring her back to our
way of thinking. If | can't do it, only then will | consider your way.

Perhaps it would help you to understand a little better if | explained
here the methods | and others are using, rather than point you to the Vitalis
list. | doubt you'd go there with our encouragement, and you might stop
judging us so harshly here

Anoruer Arproncy
Subject Re: Hello

From: bookworm55

To: hunter list@hunter-netorg

Thanks for posting, Ticket312

Of course, as I'm sure many of you realize, her approach presup-
poses that the other side is basically benign. Most of us know that just
isn't the case. How should we deal with those that can't see the way
they're living is wrong?

Simple. Show them. I've started that process with the vampire
that attacked me. Oncel find her again, I'll continue. Some of us have
the ability to stand before the other side with minimal risk of being
hurt. We have to use that to confront them and show them the error
of their ways.

The misguided have separated themselves from us — human,
They no longer see the consequences of their actions. We must shaw
them. We can be a light that casts the darkness from their soul.

| can hear the replies already. "Suicide." "Traitor." I've last my kgs
once.'mnot going to doit again. I've lost a friend through my carelessness.
I'm not going to do that again, either.

if take the message to the other side, | need some of you to stand :
beside me and protect me. Ineed some of you to tell me when I'm wrong
And, yes, Ineed some of you to decide which of them cannot be brought |
back, and some of you to destroy those that cannot.

IDeats AND Hopes
Subject Our Airs

From: bookworm55

To: vitalis list@hunter-netorg

Firsy Sr ers

} To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

From: ticket312
Subject: Hello

Oh, great. I sign on the list to find out ever
knows about my love life. Now I /really/ need
you in on how I answer the call. Thanks, So$29.

Bookworm's asked me to say a few things al
the way forward with the other side.

I feel a little bit rude doing so. I'm kind of ne
around here compared to you guys, but I've been!
talking to the dead a while, so maybe I'm qualified, i

Here goes. There's been lots of talk from what 've ff |
seen on the hunter-net site about the best ways to kill]

the lost ones. I've never killed anything, but I've dealt
with as many of the walking dead as some of you, Ib

Sometimes, it's just as simple as listening to what!
they wantandhelping them achieve it. Believe it ornot,
the last part is often tougher than the first. If you died
with something unfinished, wouldn't you want som
one to help you tidy up your affairs? I know I would.

I'm not saying trust every hidden blindly.
can be as selfish and manipulative as living humans. }
But if you don't try to listen, then you'll never he
anything, will you?

Okay. You do what they say and what happ
They leave. Go on to wherever it is dead folks g
maybe. They don't seem to know any more th
do. It just seems better to them than hanging

| here. Sometimes I can see why. I hope you're all not
} like that Crusader guy. Waaaaay too uptight.

f To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org

| From: profesorgeol 60

) Subject: Re: Hello

Hola, Ticket312. No, lots of us are nicer
our angry friend. Welcome! Your South Amei
friend is glad to have you here!


My "roadtrip" gave me a lot of time to think about what I'd like to see
the world become. In the last months, some of us on this list have opened
lines of communication with virtually every form of hidden that we know of.

We can talk to them. We can bring them back into the community.
fs going to be a long, hard road, and some of us will suffer along the way.
Together, though, we can do it. We can achieve the world | discussed on
the main list.

We need each other. need you on this listto support me in what 'm
doing, and to reaffirm my take on the calling.

Ineed people like Fyodor and Sixofswords29 to give me a perspec-
tive outside my own, to tell me when I'm venturing down the wrong path.

leven need toughs and soldiers to deal with the misguided ones who
won't step away from their chosen path.

Once we've really learned to communicate among ourselves, then
perhaps we can really communicate with the other side and finally begin
the long process of creating a better world from the mess we have now.

We've made too many false starts over the past months. |hope now,
through experience and through the wisdom that Nurse2 14, Ticket312
and Profesorgeo160 have shared, that we can now move forward and
bring hope, bring vitalis back to the world.

There must be light in the darkness. We must be that light.

Tetune tr Lins iv Is

Subject Our future
From: bookworm55
To: hunter listehunter-netorg

This's likely to be my last post for a while. 'm on a plane to England
first thing in the morning. (Thanks for arranging the flight, Ticket312!)

I do have one last thing to say to you all, whatever your beliefs on
the calling. My previous message to this list was not well received. Many
of you immediately assumed that | was talking rubbish and that your
way was better. What | was saying was that all our ways have some use.
We are all the chosen. We all have that in common. Why are we so
consumed with finding differences?

You've become obsessed with trying to prove that your way of viewing
the calling is better than anyone else's. Look at the growing proliferation of
sub-sites: Firelight, Vigil, my own Vitalis. We're in danger of losing track of
what we have in common as we become obsessed with our differences.

However, | won't do what I've done in the past and let others' views
overwhelm mine in hopes of cooperation. 've made that mistake too many
times, That's why I'm not getting rid of Vitalis. We all need a place where
wecan communicate with like-minded people. We just have to remember
that there are other perspectives and all of them have some validity.

Like Nurse216 said, if we're to inheritthe Earth we need to do ittogether.

Dancers Aurap

To: vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: bumps on the road (my views, part 12)

The zombito died tonight He just stopped movingand I hope
he's gone somewhere better. I know it's for the best, but it has still
been hard to see this child who suffered so much growstill and cold.
Ithas made me depressed and gotme thinking about darker things.

CHAPTER 4: ANOTHER DAY

I think this will be the last email in this series. It has gone on
longer than I expected and has been good for me, but I have other
things to do, and I think after tonight! will have said what need to.

So, for my last message I will do what I don't like to do (and
whatl've been putting ofp): talkabout problems with us. There are
dangers we all face in the plan. We have to be aware of them if
we re going to make a better future.

The fact is that the only thing stopping us from getting
there is us. knowa lot of ustalkabout how many of the monsters
there seem to be. How tough the odds are in this "war." But
you're not thinking straight when you talk like that. I mean, yes,
some of the things out there are very nasty and very strong, but
we do not have to fight them strength against strength. If this was
about good and evil trying to kill each other, it would be over by
now. I mean, for all we know, zombies and ghosts and vampires
have been around forever. And yet here we are, still alive, still
able to love and live and keep an open heart. That means evil is
a long way from winning any war, I think.

The way I see it — and maybe I'm wrong, but! don't think so
— whatwe need to watch out foris whatwill make us lose ourway.
If we don't keep joy in our hearts, then what's the point?

We' ee Nov Berrer

Something that worries me a whole lot is people who decide
that the plan makes them better. There's a preacher in Tijuana
who calls himself Padre Enero. He has a little wooden church
among the strip clubs. He's a faith healer and the locals say he
hears the voice of the Virgin Mary.

Iwent to see hima while ago and I'm pretty sure he's one of us,
a godhead gone very far into dangerous territory. He preaches

To: ticket312

Dear Liz,

Ican't help thinking about what Fyodor said to
us that morning when he found us together. What
did he mean about "serving Hell" and the risk tomy
soul? Is there something to this "angel" that Oracle
keeps talking about?

She certainly seems to have more contact with
the Messengers than the rest of us. In fact, she seems
to be in almost constant contact with them. I don't
know if that's a good thing or not.

My business here in England is nearly done.
SoS isn't nearly as easy to get along with in the flesh
as he is on the net, but he's been a good friend, so
I can put up with it a while longer, I think.

I can't wait to see you again. Together, I'm sure
we can help Oracle.

Yours ever,


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

about freedom from devils and invokes the Virgin and the Saints
with every second breath. To me, he looked sort of silly, like a
Catholic priest melded with one of those crazy anglo televangelists.
But some of his literature had scrawls that looked like the code. I
couldn't quite read them, but they felt like "fire" and "slave" to
me. I also heard stories of him healing people on stage and using
the "Virgin's breath" to banish evil.

He frightens me. According to Padre Enero, going to Heaven
means accepting the Virgin's word that only he can deliver.
Everyone else will be eaten by devils and their eyes will be used to
make garlands in Hell. (He was very colorful, I'll give him that).
Other preachers speak the devil's words, he said, and their faithful
are devils. When I left, the crowd was cheering.

We're regular people who ve been blessed, not gods or saints
or angels. We all have to remember that. It is not only godheads
like Enero who make themselves better than everyone else. There
are headshrinkers and honchos on hunter-net who talk about
"leading the masses." God45 talks about mass killings of the
unworthy. This is all crazy! XXX289 even seems to look forward
to the end and his part in it.

We canall be tempted to feel superior to everyone else, but
we have to resist those urges. Do we want to be dictators instead of
liberators? I hope not.

Force vine rus Yorce

Another very serious problem forall of us, I believe, is losing

our sense of purpose. It's easy after seeing horrible things todecide
that everything is horrible and that the world is doomed. We have

to remember that we were chosen by the Messengers and that we
have something to contribute. We can't give up hope.

If we start seeing everybody and everything as a monster or
potential monster, we lose track of the whole reason for the mis
sion. It becomes more a war, and not one that we can win. What
made me so happy about that night at the hospital with the
zombito was that John showed me he hadn't lost hope. He is what
Tvecalleda soldier, butnota tough. He remembered his heartthat
night and we all need to do that.

If we don't, if we become so jaded, then we will lose our moral |
center.I'm afraid that this has happened to too many of usalready,
When I hear suggestions of mass killings to eliminate monsters,
wonderwhere our spirits have gone. Wecan't sacrifice our friends

Subject: such beauty...
From: oracle171
To: bookworm55, vitalis.list@hunter-net.org
Tomorrow, I stared at the sun for three hours.
Then I came back to today and I cried tears of fire
with the angel. People ran away when I came up to
them, but that doesn't bother me anymore.
The angel says that no one can understand the
light unless they've seen it up close. I danced on the
surface of the sun with him and now I know.

Everything will be wonderful after the fire.


and families. Wecan'tsacrifice others on the missionandnotlose
track of the very reasons we fight.

If we build a future out of hatred and violence, that is all we
are going to get. The promised land has to be about hope and
truth, not anger. You remember I talked about the hidden as
abused and abusers, si? Well, whenwe engage in easy violence, we
fallinto the same trap. Weare like the battered child whocan only
respond by growing and battering his own children. Once we've
exterminated the "monsters," we will become new ones.

Forcer Tine Qursztves
I've talked about this before, but thinkit bears repeating: the

| worst burnout, the failing that will stop us from ever achieving
what we must, is forgetting who we are.

The mission can be intoxicating to some, it seems. The truth
Italked about in my last message can be almost like a drug. That
feeling of acting inaway thatis rightis sowonderful, wewanttodo
anything to get it back. We ignore dangers and alienate our
fiendswhen we seek itout. We have to remember that we are only
humans and cannot be foolish. We have to remember that we
have loved ones who depend onus. We have to remember that
otherimbued who know us have shared a sacred trust thatwe can't
Violate. If we don't, tragedy is sure to result.

Oracle, I'm sorry but this is directed at you. I know you feel
your angel and you are sure you are doing right, but you are not.
You have left us behind and I don't understand why. We care for
you, and we want to help you. Please don't shut us out.

Don't you see that you have lost your connection to life?
Yourangel can't hold you at nightand itcan't laugh at jokes with
you. You need friends. Please listen.

Everyone else, please try to help Oracle. Also, I hate to say this, but
use her as a warning, We could all be where she is if we aren't careful.
Confidence isa wonderful thing, but we can't be reckless or selfish.

Remember who you are and who has put their trust in you.
Think what your actions will mean for those who come after you.
Weare trying to build a new world for everyone, not for ourselves
alone. Does understanding or even victory have any meaning if
you leave everyone else behind? A promised land with a single
inhabitant is no promised land at all.

SIGNING OFF

I guess that's it,at last. Please, everyone be careful to stay on
the right path. I know it's difficult — these warnings are all for me,
too — but we can get through it together.

Iwill, of course, still be online when I can, and I'm happy to
answer emails.

Hasta la proxima, amigas y amigos.

REALIZATIONS

To; hunter. list@hunter-net.org
{ From: xxx289
Subject: I'm fucked
Pardon all the typos and misspellings, cause
Ymdrunk. That' s about the only way I can be here
Tight now, but I don' t think it' 11 be fort long.

CHAPTER 4: ANOTHER DAY

I think I'm fucked, and I have no one to tell
it to but you. God, this is the lowest day of my lief.

I thought I was so smart. I was a clever sun
of abitcvh. I was, but I guess I wasn' t ruthless
enough to make it the way I hoped. Maybe all
those years of kicking ass really didn't pay
off, cause I never learned how to fuck someone
over as well as the things we deal with now.

I left work a few days ago, all smug that
I'd screwed my boos — the thing — over. Well,
I guess I did, but it looks like he got back
at me and now I'm done. The morning after I
gavce him the look, took it a step further.
I' ve been doodling a lot uncosnciously lately
— on the phone, reading this list, whatever.
One symbol keeps turning over in my brain that
I feel some kind of connection to. I've read
about these thinbgs from others, so wondered
if the same was happening to me, like these
things were part of us finally riisign above
the rest of people.

So I get this idea: I' 11 draw it real big and
pin it to my boss' seat. That' 11 make him shit his
pants! He hasn' t come in yet, so I do it. I never
see him all day and think I' ve won. He can' t even
come in asnymore for fear of me. Or so I thought.

When I come in the next day, there's a piece
of paper pinned to my chair with a bent paperclip.
It was a few lines of numbers written on it. My
social security number, my checking account, my
pin number, and underneatrh it all is my signature,
at least what looks like it, though I never signed
anything like this that I remember. I turn over
the page and on the other side is my symbol.

He might be afraid of me, but not so afraid
he won' t threaten me back. Maybe I should have
forseen that. He has all my legal info as my boss,
after all. I handed him the rope and he put it
over my head. It doesn't stop there, either. I
checked my account today. I have excatly half of
what I did yesterday, when I went to the bank to
check. It's like he's calling my bluff, and has
all the cards. Now I just sit here and sweat.

I think I'm beaten. For the first time in my
life. I know he's everything wrong, the worst
that we can become. have I worked so hard and
tried to do the right thing so logn that I stand
no chance against him and evrything like him?
Has he had so much time to do wrong and
amnipulate the good people that I'm a fish on
a line? If that's the real way of thios world,
I don't want apart of it. I mean, I worked so
hard before to make it and be somebody for my
own reasons. Maybe all my effoer was in vain
because that's not really how the world works
at all. You cann try to climb out of the shit
heap, but the shit heap won' t ever let you go.
You _will_ become one of them.

ConcLusions

If that' s true, I have only a few things to say.
Mayber they' re worth shit cause the way I' ve lived
and thoguth all along has been as wrong as rain.

The only hope I' vbe ever taken from life is
that you do your absolite best at all times and
everything will work out. Okay, different

a &


NT ER BOOK: INNOC

peoiple's takes on what's best may differ, I
understand that. But if you really work hard and
try to respect things, you' kll turn out okay and
everyone will get alogn. The fact that so few
people give a shit about anything but themselves
is what wrecks the world. All the crime and
poverty and abuse isn' t a product of goivernment
or ecomonics, it's a result of people just not
giving a damn for anythiung and taking it out
on each other.

Like what your neighbor has? take it. Think
that woman is sexy, but you' re married? Go out
with her anyway. If she won' t have you, rape her.
Not want to work a day in your life, but want
everything that you ex{ pect from life? Scream
and cry to the governmenmt till you get welfare.
Get caught for doing sometjing wrong? Blame the
system, the president or anyone else who
everyone else like you can blame , too, taking
the real responsibiltity off you.

I read your posts about how to make the
worldf whole again, to take it back from the
moinsters. I' ve got nerws for you. It can't be
taken back. It's theirs because it's ours.
Maybe if people were paragons of virtue who
were afflicted by these living embodiments of
evil, the world could be saved when all the evil
was wiped out. But it doesn' ty work that way.
As long as human beings are the things that you
champion and fight for and defend, the world
is going to remain fucked up. We_ mgith have
deserved to undergo a change, but most people
don't. Otherwise, they'd have been "picked"
too. Well, they haven' t. And if not, that means
ones thing: You' re all looking to wipe out the
lastest crop of mosnters only to save the
breeding stock for the next.

It' 11 all just happen again. Maybe it happened
before and were just the latest round. If it does
happen again, will anyone be around toi stop them?

You wanna know my answer for a better world?
Well, let me explain with a recent disappoint-
ment. The year 2000 was coming up not lontg ago.
Everyone was afraid that the world would come to
an end. The water would be cut off, power would
fail, and all the Russian nukes would detonate
throwing us into a nuclear winter. Everyone waws
afraid, buying bottled water, heading into the
woods, staying hom with guns across their laps.

Know what I was doing? I was looking forward
to it! That's right. Here was a conscience free
opportunity for a shitload of people to literally
get wiped from the face of the Earth. Suddenly
no more squabbling over square feet of land. No
jockeying for position on the freeways. No more
shit being dumped into rivers and lakes. Finally,
our ridiculous population would be reduced to
something reasonable, like what it must have been
hundreds of years ago. Maybe all of us left over
could actually have lived in peace afterward,
because we' d all need to struggle for ourselves
to survive. It wouldn't be too hard, though,
cause all the technology and water and elctricity
would get running sooner or later. We'd be a
community of people with a mutaul need, not a
conflicting one: survival. It's hard to covet

aT mm

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org, vitalis.list@hunt
net.org
From: nurse216
Subject: XXX289

My friend John and I have just returned from
Knoxville. It's the furthest I've ever been from
home. After reading XXX289's — I'm sorry, Glen
— last post, we felt we had to go. Glen was exposing
himself to too much danger; he was all alone a
could barely ask for help.

Atleast that's why I went. John said he knew!
it was too late for Glen, but that someone had to
care of business." I wish I could say he was wrong,
he wasn't. When we got there, Glen Morrison
Knoxville, Tennessee was another digit in the sui
statistics. According to the local paper, he was f
dead in his office after putting a gun in his mouth.
John said Glen had been killed by his boss. I'm|
pretty sure that Glen pulled the trigger himself
a last attempt to have control over his life —ala
lesperate act alone in the world.

Alone. That's the word that keeps coming

hen I think of Glen. He was so angry that
ushed all of us away, without seeing the hi he

_ anger and despair, to be bitter, Giving in to tho
feelings just lets them win, though. ‘
Glen found hope when he confronted his boss, h
"monster." But he forgot that we can't do this witho
help. He had noone to help him, no one toadvisehi
He had no one to laugh with. He could only broodat

| his boss the night we left
change. Jobn had to use
gun, to avenge Glen.
If only he had trusted another, he could have
made it out alive and maybe there could have

your neighbors wife when you need to kill a
animal and start a fire to eat tonight.
See, that world wouldn' t need to reconcile
mosnters with good people. The good people arg
the ones who' ve worked hard all their lives
Adversity isn't such a challenge to them
We' ve been througyh hell — put ourselves
through it, no less, just to see what we could
accomplish. Meanwhile, the worst of the worst


have grown soft by feeding off the stupid
people. They never worked hard or earned
anything in the first place, then they fell
completely into being something that isn't
even really a person anymore.

The fate of things would be clear. The
monsters wouldn' t survive because they couldn' t
survive. Too many of the stupid people would be
gone, and not all of the survivors would survive
for long. The best people would carry on and
thrive, because they would know how to carry on
and because no one would be left to drag them
back down to that common denominator.

But of course, none of that happened and the
world carried on along the same self-destruc-
tive path that it' s alwqays been on. Or at least
that people have been on. So where does that
leave us? Nowhere.

I used to have a glimmer of hope. It wasn't
much, but I thought there was a chance for people
to turn arounbd, whether they wanted to or not.
Now it's gone. Worse, the monsters are still
here and we' re still breeding like rabbits to
increase their number even further.

I used to have hope. I hoped that I could turn
the tables of my boss-thing and put him under
my thumb for a change — break the grip of the
worst people off of the best for once. Obviously
I didn' t have it in me. I was too good at being
good and he was too good at being bad.

I know what all this means for me. Now you
need to ask what it means for you. Where are

CHAPTER 4: AN

you people going? What do you hope to
accomplish? I mean, realistically? Do you
really think you can change the world without
changing the fundamentals of the way the world
is. If, as I' ve read here, monsters have been
aroubd forever like humans have, how do you
expect to change things without changing the
very way we understand the world? Itd be like
deciding that all plant life is bad and wiping
it out. Sooner or later that' d kill everyone
and everything.

Imagine the monsters like wolves. Maybe
they' re predtaorial actions on humans actu-
ally keep the sheep people in check to some
degree. Now imagien wiping them all out.
Suddenly the hseep population goes wild —
higher than it ever was before. That just
means more monsters in the future when our
greater numbers birth more. Or assume that
you fail to wipe out all of the monsters. They
go into hiding while the hseep population
explodes. Then, when the wolves are ready,
they pounce from the shadows to feed on the
herd, better than anyof their ancestors did
before. The reign of terror would be greater
than ever.

Is the future really as hopeful as you people
seem to believe? Do any of you really stand a
chance against the weight of millennai of human
evil? I don't. Neither do you.

My name is Glen Morrison, I live in
Knoxville, TN and my buzz is waering off.


i ‘i
i

V8 Ge en

\ \ . \
\ \ a WAIN \
N S N . .
R MAA N YY ‘
NS MOY ‘ \
> \
RSS SR \


CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

Take heed to yourselves: If thy brother trespass against
thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, forgive him.

— Luke 17:3

Innocents don't look at the world in quite the same
way as any other imbued. Instead of seeing monsters and
terrors, they recognize the potential for a better place.
Instead of battle-weary hunters, they see people strug-
gling to make things right. Instead of mean streets and
apathetic blind masses, they see a community looking
for hope and managing to survive. They see possibilities
and small joys, not deterrents and despair.

This chapter is dedicated to the basic concepts of
Innocent character creation, and to the common and
new Archetypes, Backgrounds, edges and rules that apply
to Innocents. These unique Traits define who these
people are. Their inclusion here does not mean that these
qualities are exclusive to Innocents — members of other
creeds can have them, too. The following guidelines and
mechanics are simply indicative of the wide-eyed and are
probably passed on by them to other imbued as Innocents
seek to create bonds among the chosen.

Finsy THings Firsy

When portraying an Innocent, there are a few
cardinal rules to keep in mind above any game Traits or
edges. These qualities define your Innocent more so
than any trick or capability. Although every character

is different, these guidelines apply to almost all of the
creed's members to one extent or another.

© There's Always Hope: Every Innocent, no matter
how cynical or jaded, isan optimist at her core. She believes
in the inherent goodness of the universe and that things will
be better in the future. Innocents have an uncanny capacity
todiscoverthe faintest ember of hope and fan it into aflame.
The city is infested with murderous vampires? Well, at least
now what's wrongisclear. Ghosts are going crazy and scaring
children in a day care facility? The dead must be lonely and
need help. Innocents understand that to make things better
they have to work at it — if they didn't, they'd just stay at
home — but the mere fact that they are working is proof
enough for them that things must be getting better.

* Look, Don't Judge: Innocents don't believe that
they know any profound truths about the nature of the
"other side." Obvious conclusions that putrefied zom-
bies are monsters to be killed aren't so obvious to them.
What if these things are just sick? Shouldn't the imbued
help them instead of hunt them? Innocents spend a lot
of time watching the "enemy," trying to understand it,
trying to find the glimpses of humanity and morality
that they just know are buried there somewhere. The
only thing they know for sure is that all the imbued have
a lot to learn about what they face.


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

e Hate Breeds Hate, Love Breeds Love: If there is
one universal rule, it must be that you reap what you
sow. Abused children grow up to be abusers. Kind
people attract kindness. To one extent or another, this
golden rule of "Do unto others" shapes how all Inno-
cents undertake the mission. Some abhor violence
completely and see any act of destruction as incentive
for more bloodshed. Others walk a line, participating in
some "hunts" and avoiding others. They try to ensure
that destruction is a last resort, used to save lives. All
Innocents try to relate to "monsters" as human beings at
least once, talking to them and offering compassion.
They go into the night with one cheek already turned.

¢ Optimism, Not Stupidity: Innocents are not sui-
cidal, and those who flout caution completely end up dead
more often than not. Innocents can and do carry weapons,
keep their mortal friends safe and hesitate before walking
into a vampire's den. Their perch is precarious, however,
as caution erodes their central optimism. The more danger
towhich they're exposed, the more distant hope seems. An
Innocent's dwindling hope determines his course through
the various camps of the creed (see below).

¢ Strength in Numbers: Many hunters believe in
the advantages of working together, if only for superior
firepower. Innocents see it as the only way to work — and
not for militaristic reasons. They look around and see the
toll the mission takes on those who hear its call. Without
the support of fellow imbued, a hunter can quickly
become a killing machine. Without the support of the
everyday people she loves, even an Innocent forgets what
it's all about. Community is the key, the one antidote to
the creeping insanity inflicted by the mission.

Now, if only everyone would realize these cardinal
tules, everything would be much better...

CHARACTER GREAT ION AND
Drvetopmenr

The Innocence path is not easy — or obvious — to
follow when confronted by the supernatural. The
Avenger's desire to strike back; the Redeemer's desire to
teform; the Visionary's desire to understand: -All of
these reactions leap to the imagination more readily
than does Innocents' unique faith, their belief that all is
for the good in the long run. An Innocent character
must therefore be of a particular sort.

New Breuer yess

The following Traits can be added to your game as
Natures and Demeanors. They are particularly appro-
priate to Innocents.

EXPLORER

The Explorer knows deep down that there is a better
way out there somewhere. Until he finds it (and even

— =~

then), he is always in search of the new and unknown. He
breaks down barriers and enters hidden lands in search of
knowledge, understanding or benefit. He challenges es-
tablished assumptions (such as the evil of "monsters"
and ways of acting in search of new ideas. He knows the

place where he is would be better if he could bring back
something from elsewhere. Travelers, dreamers and col-

lege students are examples of Explorers.
— Regain Willpower every time you make a major

discovery about the mission that expands your under- }
standing of it or the other side (Storyteller's discretion).

Oprimisy

Even in the face of sheer inhuman horror, the Opti- ©

mist finds a glimmer of hope. That the world is filled with
monsters only means that humans, freed from their
bondage, can create a better life for themselves. The
Optimist has a seemingly bottomless reservoir of cheer
and refuses to believe in the worst-case scenario, to the
point of antagonizing more pragmatic acquaintances. A
terrifying poltergeist that can be eased through conversa-

tion is evidence that humanity persists among the other —

side. Teaching a bloodsucker that it can feed without

killing means there's hope for peace between people and |
the hidden. The devoutly religious, the downtrodden: |

yet-undefeated and problem-solvers can be optimistic.
— Regain Willpower whenever your optimism is

tewarded-by an unlikely good act or outcome |

(Storyteller's discretion).
PARAGON

The Paragon knows that others watch her actions, s0
she keeps herself to the strictest code of behavior and
morality. For her, ethics are not immaterial words, butthe
superstructure of life, the only things that keep her sanein
the face of the missions' horrors. By acting rightly, she |
hopes to inspire others to do the same. This road can bea
hard one, especially if others refuse to follow her example,
Leaders, teachers and the puritanical can be Paragons.

— Regain Willpower whenever you inspire ethical:
behavior in others or resist overwhelming temptationto
compromise your morals (Storyteller's discretion).

PRELUDES

Characters in Hunter: The Reckoning are very much.
who they were before their eyes were opened to the super
natural. Their reactions to the call and to the creaturesofthe
night have everything todo with what and where they came
from. It's critical to lay the foundation of each character,
especially an Innocent, in the prelude if you want to capture
the trauma inherent to a Hunter chronicle.

Lire Berors Tunes Gor WetRd

At your discretion, anyone can become an Inno
cent. Indeed, the trauma of the imbuing could compel
a violent bully to take up a completely different wayd
life, even of Innocence. Playing a creed member is most
fulfilling if your character's origins incline her to that

Furving wivu Innocence

Always remember that Hunter's creeds are more
convenient groupings of personalities than they are
identifiable movements. Innocents don't label them-
selves assuch. Nor do they look at their fellows and see
Avengers, Defenders or Visionaries. Any character
with the Mercy primary Virtue could well have some
of an Innocent's psychological make-up. They may
have some of the same experiences and identify more
with particular Innocents than with other Redeemers,
for example. As you get to know your character, she
gets to know herself under fire and she fine-tunes her
outlooks and beliefs. The Storyteller could therefore
low your Merciful character to switch over to the
ocence creed early in your chronicle.

path naturally. The following three qualities or experi-
ences can make for budding Innocents.

¢ Love and Hope: Your character's life before
involved sources of love and hope. People were there to
listen to his fears, and he was there to listen to theirs.
These people taught him that things could get better
and that he wasn't alone. Such a past doesn't mean an
Innocent has to have grown up in an election-campaign
stereotype of "family values," just that there was prob-
ably someone who cared for him. A single mother
struggling to make ends meet can teach love and hope,
as can a fellow street kid. The love need not even have
been plentiful or recent, but the seed should be there.

¢ Thick and Thin: People who've known only loving
relationships and happy endings are woefully unprepared
for the mission. They often find their optimism fades fast,
because they have no real confidence that they can
overcome hardship. Individuals who have faced tough
times—unemployment, foster care, incarceration, serious
illness or injury — and gotten through them know they
can doso again. They know their friends will stick by them.

¢ Faith: Not necessarily religious, an Innocent's faith in
herselfand the nature of the universe iscentral. She musthave
some confidence that she can pull through and that the
universe is ultimately just and true. Even if hellish suffering
seems all that's in store, she must persevere in knowing that
abrighter day awaits. Religious faith can be a powerful means
to maintain that outlook, but so can the faith that a mother
has in her child, or that a person has in her own heart.
Tue Imeuinc

A character's first exposure to the supernatural — her
imbuing— is pivotal to howshe pursues the mission. Inthe
first days and nights of her new life, it's the foundation for
how she deals with the nightmare world she uncovers.
Later on, it remains a formative event, colored but never
quite overshadowed by subsequent experiences. To make
the rather fragile Innocent outlook viable, elements of the

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

imbuing must reinforce your character's idealistic beliefs or
perspectives. If not, your character's optimism is likely to
become a bad joke as play progresses.

Depending on your style of play, your character's
imbuing may be completely in the Storyteller's hands or
a cooperative narrative. In either case, one or more of
the following factors should apply for a would-be Inno-
cent to become a reality. You can pursue behavior
appropriate to these points or your Storyteller can stage
events to invite your character to react accordingly.

¢ Communication: An Innocent imbuing almost
always involves some form of dialogue between the char-
acter and the monster. Innocents are generally not martial,
so they tend todeal with the other side with words. In these
imbuings, they are at least partially successful. They may
convince a zombie to leave a place or talk a warlock out of
his haughty rage. In more extreme cases, they might just
convince a bloodsucker to leave before everyone is dead.
Regardless, the Innocent understands that talking can
change things — perhaps more so than fighting.

© Not So Evil: Innocents often get a glimpse into
the nature of the other side during their imbuing and
learn that a monster is not wholly evil. They may see the
regret in a vampire's eyes or hear the fear in a ghost's
wail. This insight becomes the source of their optimism
ina world of terrors. They see that even the most twisted
creature is capable of regret or compassion, and that
gives them hope for the future. It also leads them further
away from violence and toward seeking understanding.

This perception doesn't mean that an Innocent's |
imbuing cannot be violent. Indeed, that glimmer of light
can come in a sea of darkness. An imbuing in which a
berserk vampire tears through a crowd of people, snaps
out of it amidst the carnage and flees into the night could
just as easily create an Innocent as it could an Avenger.

© A Greater Evil: Something of a variation on the
previous point, this element involves perceiving differ-
ences among monsters. If a would-be Innocent sees rots
cowering before a towering serpentine monstrosity, she
may understand that they are its pawns, controlled by
fear. The serpent-man is the real monster. If there can
be degrees of evil, there can be degrees of good. The
most extreme form of this imbuing involves the Inno-
cent actually saving one "monster" from another.

© Recognition: Probably the most powerful and
most uniquely Innocent imbuing involves the character
knowing the "monster." Perhaps he encounters his miss-
ing lover whois nowa vampire, or his fatherrises from the
grave. Perhaps he just recognizes something ina monster,
like acommon motivation or mannerism. Either way, the
connection creates empathy between the character and
the supernatural. Once this bond is established, it takes
a great deal for the Innocent ever to see "evil monsters"
instead of unfortunate people. Obviously, the more per-
sonal the connection to the creature, the more powerful

a ft


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

the empathy is. Such recognition doesn't mean that the
creature is necessarily good; a jaded Innocent struggling
with the fact that his ex-girlfriend has become a blood-
thirsty vampire can make for excellent roleplaying.

Camps AND Goursss

Innocents have very little sense of groups to which they
belong. They recognize common tendencies among others
— toward aggressiveness, fanaticism, self-destructiveness
—but they don't consider themselves to be a faction, much
less tohave internal divisions. Nevertheless, practical groups
form within the creed that can help you better define your
character and her relationship with others. Keep in mind,
however, that these camps are not organized movements;
they are nothing more than trends in thinking.

IDeaisys

The most innocent of Innocents, idealists truly see
the world through rose-colored glasses. They aren't
fools, but the ember of optimism within them is more
like a bonfire. They walk through the world convinced
that things will be better if only they (and others) act
with everyone's best interests at heart. They don't
believe in necessary sacrifices, the lesser of two evils or
compromising their morals. They do believe in commu-
nication atall costs, trusting others and working together.

Views on the Mission: For an idealist, the mission is
all about hope. In a world of despair and anonymity, the
struggle to "Inherit the Earth" gives everything purpose.
That there are benevolent forces out there and a chance
to make the world better fills idealists with joy. The road
may be hard and long, but it has a bright destination.
Setbacks and false starts are inevitable, but so is the
eventual outcome as long as no one gives up. Idealists are
the strongest proponents of the "vitalis theory," which
proposes that the imbued carry parts of some universal life
force. How they use that force determines the future.

Views on the Other Side: Idealists don't hate anyone.
They know there are people and things that deserve to be
called monsters, but labeling anything out of the ordinary
"evil" doesn't make sense. Many of them have seen—or think
they have seen — evidence of good people who just happen
to have fangs or be dead. They think of the supernatural more
as a disease afflicting these poor souls, and hope to cure them
instead of destroy them. Violence is their last resort.

Appropriate Archetypes: Idealists often have Na-
tures and Demeanors that are the same or that
complement each other, such as Penitent and Caregiver.
Common Archetypes include Caregiver, Child,
Dreamer, and the new ones, Explorer, Paragon and
Optimist (see p. 70). Some idealists have a substantial
self-righteous streak, for which the Pedagogue, Perfec-
tionist or Traditionalist Archetypes may be appropriate.

Common Traits: Idealists often have high Mental and
Social Attributes, as well as considerable levels of Empathy
and Intuition. They rarely have any capability for Intimida-

tion or Subterfuge. Common Backgrounds include Roots
(see p. 75), Bystanders and Patron (the latter two of which
may be sources of their optimism). Virtues and edges are
almost always concentrated in Mercy and Innocence.
Possible Future: Idealists tend to go one of tworoutes.
Their idealism is typically undermined by the vicissitudes
of the mission, and they eventually drift into the doubter_
or even jaded camp. Others hang on to their idealism like _
amantra until it evolves into fanaticism; they are likely to
suffer from the delusions of high Conviction (see p. 7).
Dousrens
Doubters are Innocents caught in the nebulous
uncertainty between shining idealism and near cyni-
cism. They still want to set the world on the road to"
recovery, but something keeps them from trusting their
optimism fully. Perhaps they've seen a friend die in the
hunt, they just can't quite bring themselves to let goof
their fear of the dark, or something tells them things"
might not turn out right, after all. Such uncertainty or
nagging doubt often translates into confusion and hesi-
tation on many levels, with the chosen never quite sure
what to do or say. If idealists are the bright-eyed kids of
the world, doubters are the nervous, teenaged virgins.
Views on the Mission: The mission scares doubters,
Every time they venture into the night, something is
bound to happen to make them question their direction
and purpose. Nevertheless, they know they have no
choice (sitting back while others go off to fight just leads
to different doubts), so they act. They're rarely sure what
they should be doing and tend to treat every situation as
unique. They look to other imbued for guidance.
Views on the Other Side: Doubters still try to see
the humanity in the "monsters" out there. They ap-
proach each one as different and hope that a peaceful }
resolution is possible. Each time it isn't, their doubts
grow a little stronger. The other creeds' methods seem
more effective, and so they often defer to others.
Appropriate Archetypes: Doubters are less prone
to action than are most hunters, so they gravitate to
Demeanors such as Conformist, Penitent or Tradition.
alist. Deep down, they truly want to help and act sohave
Natures such as Architect, Caregiver or Dreamer.
Common Traits: Like idealists, doubters tend toward
Mental and Social Attributes, although some explore their
physical sidesas well. Their Abilities tend to be diverseasthey |
seek answers to their nagging questions. Knowledges suchas
Academics, Occult and Research may derive from that quest.
Awareness and even Streetwise may also develop. Common
Backgrounds include Allies, Contacts, Exposure and Contin.
ued Exposure (see p. 74). Doubters may also have diversified |
Virtues and edges, often having one point of Vision and the -
Foresee edge as part of their mission to understand.
Possible Future: It's difficult to sustain a life of con-
stant doubt, although it may actually be the healthiest
course. Most doubters eventually come across something


that either confirms or refutes their uncertainties. Such a
turning point is often. traumatic encounter with the other
side involving something deeply personal — the ghost of
someone they knew in life, for example. After this event
they become idealists or jaded, depending on the outcome.
Some doubters cannot stand the uncertainty of the calling
and eventually drop out altogether, becoming lurkers on
hunter lists and guilt-ridden shut-ins in general.
Jane

Jaded Innocents walk a very difficult path. In many
ways, they are the opposite of doubters. Instead of being
generally optimistic with nagging doubts, they are mostly
cynical except fora spark of faith that refuses to die. They
wear masks of derision, anger and even despair, but deep
down they hope and pray that things can get better. They
are always looking for a sign of hope, but refuse to admit
it. Even worse, they tend to punish themselves for not
giving up entirely. After all, any rational person knows
the world is irrevocably screwed up. Why can't they?

Views on the Mission: The jaded tend to see the
calling as a lost cause. They go through the motions
because of that quiet little voice that says things might
be better tomorrow, but it all seems relatively pointless.
They are the Innocents most likely to treat the mission
like a hunt and follow in the footsteps of an Avenger.

Views on the Other Side: Jaded have few illusions
about monsters in general. They are dark and sick and

CHAPTERS: NEWR

99 percent evil. Monsters may be diseased victims of
some supernatural cancer, but by the time the jaded see
them they're more like tumors than victims. Yet, jaded
Innocents often hold exceptions to the rule: one type of
monster with which they can empathize, or a single
creature that they're convinced can be saved. Such
holdouts are often the source of their fragile optimism.

Appropriate Archetypes: The jaded don't look very
innocent at all on the outside. Demeanors including
Bravo, Curmudgeon, Gallant or Survivor are appropri-
ate. Inside, they still have some hope, so different Natures,
such as Dreamer or Penitent, are appropriate.

Common Traits: The jaded tend to behave more
like Zealots than the Merciful, so Physical Attributes and
various martial Abilities are all appropriate. Other Abili-
ties, such as Awareness, Intuition and Streetwise, are also
common. Typical Backgrounds include Exposure, Con-
tinued Exposure and Roots. Mixed Virtues and edges are
also common, with dots in Mercy and Zeal.

Possible Future: The jaded are one step away
from lost innocence. Enough signs of hope and perse-
verance can make them doubters, but enough abuse or
failure can make them fall out of the hunt altogether.
Individuals who persevere over the long run have
another problem as their inner conflict grows: In game
terms, rising Zeal and Mercy Virtues can lead to
conflicting derangements.

a

HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

; 7
Tue Innocenr s Course
| Innocent camps are not organized factions or strict
philosophical groups. They're more like stops along a
} particular Innocent's course through the mission. Only
} very rarely does an imbued maintain the same outlook.
You and your Storyteller should consider the
path your character takes through the chronicle. Of
course, hard-and-fast decisions are difficult to make
without knowing the events to come, but some idea
fof where you want to go allows you both to tell a
H better story and have more fun. None of these
} courses is easy, although the rise in Virtues that
} comes with them is a real reward (unless it ulti-
mately proves self-destructive).
The most common course an Innocent takes is
‘to start as an idealist, move slowly toward doubt,
and then become jaded. The harsh realities of the
World of Darkness can and should erode your
character's optimism. Most Innocents spend their
entire careers fighting to preserve their hopeful-
ness, and they slip back and forth along the
idealist-doubter-jaded continuum.
| Starting out as a doubter is another viable option.
The most common path here is one of vacillation,
spending time as an idealist, then as jaded and back
again. Original doubts are rarely resolved completely }
and the path becomes a "sine curve" of outlooks.
The slow crawl from jaded toward idealism is
another option. Although most Innocents face this
battle later in their careers (after faltering), some
start at the depths of cynicism and somehow find
} hope in the hunt. This option should probably be
considered "advanced" in that it is quite difficult to
portray and requires that you and the Storyteller
} work together to create small, almost intangible in-
character rewards for nurturing hope. Your character
must feel that her efforts are not in vain, but she
f cannot be sure they are worthwhile, either.

1

Trarrs :

Innocents' uniquely optimistic outlook leads them
to contend with the mission in very different ways than
do other imbued. The following Traits help quantify
some of these differences. Although these Traits reflect
Innocent mentality, they are not exclusive to creed
members. Hunters of any path can possess these quali-
ties, as long as the Storyteller approves and individual
characters remain unique in the group.

BACKGROUNDS

GConrinued Exposure
Don't mention the smell, Mitch thought to himself.
Whatever you do, don't mention the smell.

— =~

He squirmed on the booth's cheap vinyl seats as "Frank"

ordered a cheese steak with extra mushrooms, and a choco-
late shake. The waitress didn't seem to notice the puss

running down Frank's cheek or the sickly green stuff growing |

in his hair. She just clicked her tongue and took the order
without saying much. She turned to Mitch.
"Um, just coffee." She clicked again and turned.

"Whatever happened to service withasmile?" Franksaidashe

watched her pink-polyestered butt swing back toward the kitchen,
"I... 1 didn't know you could eat. Normal food, I

mean." Mitch kicked himself for stammering. Itwas the third |

time they'd met this way, and he was still nervous.
"T can't, really. I mean, it doesn't do anything for me
and I just sort of shit it out whole later. But goddamn, | loved

a good cheese steak before all this crap happened. I can still ©

sorta remember what it tasted like, so I keep stuffing them
down. Makes me feel better than what I gotta eat these days,
if youknow what I mean. Whatever they tell ya, itdon'ttaste
a fucking thing like chicken."

Mitch swallowed. He decided he had every right to be

nervous, cheese steak or no.

Your character has ongoing and relatively peaceful |
contact with someone from the other side, what other |

imbued would callamonster. The contact isnot asupremely
powerful entity or your character's friend, but the two of you
have reached some sort of understanding that allows for
continued contact which is not overtly hostile. Your char
acter doesn't try to kill it, and it doesn't try to kill him. Over
the course of the relationship, your character can gain a
certain amount of insight into his contact's existence —
something of what's it like to be a ghost or bloodsucker —
although it also gains insight about him, as well. There isno
guarantee that the contact won' lie, try to manipulate your
character or eventually sell him out to something higherup
on the "food chain." Ifhe plays his cards right, however, your

character may be able to keep his contact relatively conge- |

nial. This supernatural associate might be the creature your
character "understood" during the imbuing.

All contacts are "low-level" creatures, neither very
powerful nor very influential in their own circles when
play begins. Background rating indicates the frequency
and reliability of meetings. At the Storyteller's discte-
tion, you may choose to have several one- or two- point
connections rather than a single multi-point one.

° Contact with a barely civil creature once a
month or less.

oe A nocturnal (and at times dangerous)
acquaintance you run across every few weeks

eee You feel relatively safe in your encounters every
couple of weeks or so.

eeoe

You have a clear understanding with the contact,
which ensures mutual safety in encounters
every week.

@eeee Perhaps foolishly, you consider the creature a
friend and see it every few days.

EVERYMAN
"What do ‘you mean, ‘no'?" The district attomey's tage
was like a billowing cloud, and three black flies took the
opportunity to fly down his throat. His assistant didn' t notice.
"Well," the little man whined, "we haven't been able to
find anything yet... and...."

"But | gave you a partial plate number! EZ9, a blue
Toyota Camry. How difficult can it be for the police to find
that car?" The district attorney was not in a good mood.
Actually, he hadn't been happy at all since he'd come back
from his fatal accident six weeks before.

"Well, the police say it's not that uncommon. Blue was the big
color for Toyota two years ago, but then they were all recalled for
aminor technical repatr. And some of the records were jumbled up.
I think there was a computer crash at the license office."

As the little man droned on about how difficult it was to
find this woman who had gotten away, the district attorney
wondered what his assistant's fear tasted like.

Despite being imbued and actively pursing the mis-
sion, your character retains a great deal of normality. She
hasa knack fornot doing anything in her everyday life that
draws special attention to herself. She pays her bills on
time, her AmEx card has no bizarre charges for AK-47s or
cordite, and her neighbors wave every morning and never
ask questions. All this makes it very difficult for her
enemies to track her down. Hidden zombies or vampire
manipulators with access to the police department or hall
of records tend to hit a bureaucratic wall when trying to
identify this lowly creature, the one who walked into the
haven and made off with a prized artifact. After all, there
are just so many of these pathetic humans. ...

Whenever someone tries to find your character
through records searches, talking to witnesses or any
other means besides physical tailing or tracking, each
dot of Everyman counts as a +1 difficulty penalty on the
attempt. Also, Storytellers can assume that characters
with at least two points in this Background can take care
of most mundane bureaucratic details — paying the
bills, renewing a driver's license — "off-stage," by sub-
versive, covert or simply innocuous means. Exceptional
events (such as the character's home being destroyed or
her being forced to flee to another state) cannot be
avoided with this Trait. It might help establish her
somewhere new, however, without attracting atten-
tion, leaving a formal record or creating a paper trail.

Note that certain Backgrounds, careers or origins cannot
be taken with Everyman unless reconciled in your character's
history. It's hard to have Fame and Everyman at the same
time, for example, unless your character disappeared from the
limelight and assumed a completely new identity.

e You have a good credit rating and nothing out
of the ordinary in your various files.
ee You are so average that it would baffle a

statistician... if he ever noticed you.
eee = Your files and records haven't been examined
since they were established.

CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

eeee The mailman overlooks your house.

eeeee You could stop paying your taxes and no one
would notice for years.

Roors

Inez smiled when old Mr. Henry shuffled into the waiting
room. His gray hair was tousled as always, and his gait had that
particular awkward thythm caused by too many years of
carrying the heavy burden of life. He slumped into a chair,
looked around and unclipped the sun shades from his old glasses.

That's when she saw the bruise around his right eye.

"Mister Henry," she saidafter rushing over, "whathappened?"

He looked own, slightly embarrassed. "It was nothing,
Miz Inez. Just the new tenant in number eight. I knocked on
his door to collect the rent, and he got mad. He hit me. I...
I think he might be sick or crazy or something. He had blood
coming out the corner of his mouth."

Blood. Inez got off at nine and knew where her next stop
would be.

Your character has especially deep ties to her local
community. Neighbors see her as a sort of benefactor and
protector, even if they don't know the nature of her new
life. They may simply think of her as someone to whom
they can tell their problems, or they may expect reliable
help from her. They look out for your character in return,
as long as she stays there for them. Your character cannot
expose them to the realities of the mission or monsters
without them assuming her to be insane. This Back-
ground could be combined with Allies, Bystanders and/
or Contacts to create a truly "connected" character.
Alone, this Background represents broad ties to a com-
munity (and a corresponding obligation), not specific
useful people in the right place at the right time.

Neighbors might come running if your character is
attacked on the corner. A store owner might hide your
character in his back room while police go door to door
in search of her. The little old lady down the hall might
make your preoccupied character some soup in thanks
for fixing her dripping faucet last week.

e You watch over a small group, such as a single
family or group of friends.

ee You protect a specific community, such as the
residents of a housing complex or the students
at a high school.

eee = Youare the patron of asmall neighborhood, no

more than a few blocks square.

You are the patron of a large neighborhood of

several dozen blocks, or of a small social or

ethnic group.

@eeee You watch over a significant ethnic or social
group in your city.

Tue High Cosy of Commitment

Asan Innocent pursues the mission, she faces untold
horrors and calls upon the Messengers' gifts over and over

a Se,


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

again. This repeated trauma has deleterious psychologi-
cal results reflected in the transition from ideological
camp to camp over your character's career (see above). In
game terms, these hard knocks are generally represented
by Conviction and the three Virtues. Exactly how you
choose to use and spend Conviction shapes the direction
you wish to take your Innocent. Similarly, the Storyteller
awards Conviction based on your character's actions and
how much they reflect the Innocent mind set.

Spexpinc Gonvicr ion

The choice of whether to cash in accumulated Con-
viction for increased Virtue is a hard one when playing an
Innocent. Your character's quest to understand and "make
a connection" with the other side depends in no small
part on the benefits of Conviction — empathy is difficult
tocome by when you run screaming through the night or
become the automaton of some unliving master.

Remember that the decision to conserve or cash in
Conviction is not actually the Innocent's to make, but
yours. Conviction and the Virtues reflect your
character's sense of purpose and understanding, not a
conscious "fuel tank" of hunter power. Even if the
imbued are dimly aware of this cashing-in process as an
influx of determination leading to a moment of in-
sight, trying to exert control over this process is
antithetical to the Innocent outlook. These imbued
tend to take what the universe — what "vitalis" —
gives them and not to question it.

You may therefore hang onto your Conviction unless
an appropriate circumstance exists for a Virtue increase.
Appropriate circumstances include the following:

Tue Iynoceny Persrecrive

Gaining, spending, losing and cashing in Convic-
tion are game mechanics that ideally reflect emotional
ebbs and flows in your character. Conviction is not a
simple fuel, it is how your character feels about the
nightmarish world she's discovered. How a character
} experiences those feelings and the benefits of Convic-
} tion depends on her outlook — and her creed.

Many Zealots (along with some other imbued)
sense Conviction as a surge of righteous confidence,
the sheer belief that they can triumph. Second sight }
is a willful piercing of illusions. The resistance Con-
viction grants to fear and mental powers is a mighty
) suppression of base instincts or a deflection of invad-
ing arcane abilities. Conviction is armor.

For Innocents, Conviction is a pair of glasses.
} The blurry world of fear and hatred clears into one of
people and empathy. Innocents do not pierce illu-
sions; they allow themselves to see the truth. They
do not deflect attacks or suppress fear; they put aside
| the pettiness that makes them vulnerable. Innocent

© Your character moves toward a new understand-
ing, reflected by a raised Virtue. If he realizes that
violence is sometimes necessary, a point of Zeal might
be appropriate. A point of Mercy would work if he has
slowly convinced a "monster" to leave its prey alone.

¢ The sudden manifestation of a new edge rewards
and emphasizes the Innocent's efforts. If your character
gains 10 Conviction by helping and protecting his
extended family from a haunting, it's appropriate to
suddenly develop Ward when the ghost strikes again.

It's up to you to judge whether spending or keeping
10Conviction is appropriate when the opportunity arises.
The Storyteller shouldn't veto your decision (the rewards
of the mission are too few and far between), but he may
lower subsequent experience point or Conviction awards
for roleplaying if he feels you opt for a quick fix.

Recaning Gonvicrion

As with any Hunter character, you gain most of your
Conviction by risking it on edge-related rolls. The Story-
teller does award other points for roleplaying, though,
and some circumstances apply specifically to Innocents.
Storytellers should grant players one additional point of
Conviction under these conditions. Doing so more than
once per game session is usually excessive; the Innocent
doesn't feel a surge of accomplishment for everyday acts.

¢ Gain a point of Conviction if your Innocent
convinces a violent hunter to attempt understanding of
the other side (in this particular case, at least).

e Gain a point of Conviction if your Innocent
convinces a supernatural creature to change its ways
(for the time being, anyway) or helps a ghost or other
creature voluntarily pass on from the mortal world
(resolving a ghost's anchors or passions as described in
Hunter: The Walking Dead qualifies).

¢ Gain a point of Conviction if your Innocent helps
establish a lasting cooperative effort between imbued
(such as a new website or a safe house).

¢ Gain a point of Conviction if your Innocent
uncovers proof of humanity and morality ina seemingly
vile monster (your character must previously have be-
lieved this creature to be beyond the pale).

¢ Gain a point of Conviction if your Innocent
successfully assists a normal community by restoring its
confidence and sense of safety.

¢ (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction if your |]
Innocent suffers grievous harm or betrayal at the hands
of a creature she trusted.

© (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction if your
Innocent fails to stop her fellow imbued from killing a
creature she knows to be moral.

Atcocarine Yirruss

Once you've decided to cash in your hard-earned
Conviction, determine what Virtue to raise and which


creed's edges to buy, if any. Mercy and Innocence are
obvious choices, but secondary options are always pos-
sible. Those other Virtues or paths generally depend on
where your character is on his course for the mission.

Idealists tend to hyper-specialize, raising Mercy alone
and typically developing edges from their own creed.
Some Vision may develop, and even a bit of Zeal (usually
focused on Defense) is possible, but these are distractions
from the ideal world of optimism and empathy.

Doubters dabble in all Virtues and creed paths. Mercy
remains primary, naturally, but Vision can be a close
second, with Zeal in the running. Edges associated with
Martyrs, Redeemers, Defenders, Judges and Visionaries
crop up. Doubters tend to have many low-level edges.

The jaded try to back up their faint optimism with
plenty of pragmatism. Zeal often runs neck and neck
with Mercy, with edges associated with Vengeance and
Defense (as well as Redemption) being popular. Vision
tuns third in the Virtue race of the jaded.

Tue Price oF Mercy

Rising Virtues have deleterious effects on the imbued.
As hunters experience the horrors of the hidden world,
they become increasingly disassociated from everyday
existence. This problem can be especially grave for Inno-
cents, whose very self-image depends ona sense ofnormality.

Idealist Innocents tend to become most quickly de-
ranged and suffer the worst for it because they take their
normality for granted. The first time a hunter's derange-
ment makes someone (especially a normal person) react
poorly to the Innocent, she may go through a serious crisis
of conscience. It may well put her on the path to doubt or
even make her jaded. After all, she did everything right
and treated everyone fairly, so why is she alienated?

Doubters and the jaded often raise Mercy and other
Virtues at similar paces. At high levels, this conflicted
nature can lead to derangements such as multiple per-
sonalities, schizophrenia or paranoia. These conflicting
ailments can become paralyzing and force the Innocent
toward idealism as she gives in to her optimism, blind-
ing herself to all other possibilities.

Innocents tend to seek relief from psychological trauma
by turning to trusted friends among the imbued. They cannot
talk freely to oblivious friends or family, so they must unbur-
den themselves on their fellow travelers in hopes of catharsis.
They may also attempt to take "time off" from the hunt and
to lead normal lives in hopes that getting away from trauma
will offer some perspective. Recovery by the latter method is
difficult, because the imbued cannot confide in anyone and
the supernatural is rarely so forgiving as to leave them alone.
Some Innocents indulge in classic denial, refusing to admit
thatthey havea problem. Inall cases, Willpower probably has
to be spent frequently to maintain self-control.

The emerging edge Ease (see p. 79) also offers
Innocents who confide in fellow creed members a
chance to deal with derangements in the short term.

The following are new derangements specific to
Innocents. Like those in the rulebook, they start mani-
festing once a Virtue score (in this case Mercy) reaches
7 or when the Innocent is subjected to extreme stress —
such as watching a loved one die. The Storyteller can
decide whether your character ever suffers an experi-
ence-induced complex, based on the events of the story.
You may also decide that your character falls victim to
such effects, based on her encounters and hardships.

The following derangements are mostly refinements
of some found in the rulebook (particularly schizophre-
nia), but they are especially appropriate to Innocents.
Cuarwed-Lire Compcex

Innocents who have experienced grave trauma
sometimes protect their own minds with an ironclad
belief that "somebody up there" likes them. Some
higher power has taken a personal interest in their fate
and keeps them safe, no matter what. Of course, the
Messengers have taken an interest in the Innocent, but
this derangement translates that event into a much
broader sense of protection and importance.

The Innocent usually creates a detailed fantasy
about this protective higher force, sometimes a shining
guardian angel, sometimes a faceless and silent com-
panion. The Innocent may start talking to this guardian
at any moment, listen to its advice or even go on strange
"missions" for it. The Innocent has an unshakable belief
that the guardian keeps her safe. As with megalomania,
this ailment allows you to add an extra die to Willpower
rolls because of the sheer confidence it engenders.
Fanrasy Word

Upon the Innocent's imbuing, a layer of the world
was peeled back and she was forced to glimpse its
underside. The chosen learned of ghosts and vampires
and Messengers. Now, she firmly believes she has peeled
back another layer and found yet another set of factors
that explain the course of her life. Unfortunately, this
time it's all in her head — but she displays an amazing
skill at tying actual events to her fantasy construct.

The exact nature of the creation varies wildly from
person to person, but is usually all-encompassing and
benefits from the fact that it has no clear manifestation
(much like the "truth" of the supernatural, actually).
Some sufferers believe that everyone around them has
been replaced by robots, others that the CIA is watching
them through pinhole cameras hidden inside soda bottles.
These types of delusions tend to have a broad explanatory
power, which leads the sufferer to rely on the fantasies to
indicate appropriate courses of action. Thus, the robots
are designed to test the hunter, which is why some act like
cops chasing him, others like victims that need his help.
If she can go through the motions of the test, she might
find the command switch to turn the robots off...

When your character is confronted by a fact that
contradicts her fantasy construct, make a Willpower roll


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

$

(difficulty 7). Success means that your character immedi-
ately integrates the new fact into her fantasy world (e.g.,
the robots are actually nanomachines controlling biologi-
cal constructs, which is why the one at your feet is bleeding
all over your shoes). Failure creates a panic attack during
which all actions suffer a +3 difficulty penalty; the attack
lasts for an entire scene (after which your character inte-
grates the new fact). A botch causes a more severe panic
attack during which no action is possible at all.

Setecrive Amnesia

The mind can react to trauma by compartmentalizing
it so thoroughly that the conscious mind is unaware of the
event. This derangement occurs in Innocents above all
others, because hurtful experiences are extremely damaging
to their optimism. They sometimes react simply by forget-
ting the pain inflicted upon them and carrying on with their
cheerful outlook. An amnesiac is not able to remember
events and, unless forced to attempt to do so, simply glosses
over the gap in his memory. He assumes an ordinary day
went by once he has suppressed a vampire's tortures, for
example. Only physical evidence or the testimony of trusted
friends forces him to acknowledge that moment in his life,
and even then he doesn't remember fully —perhaps leading
him to discount evidence and distrust friends.

Exactly what event the Innocent suppresses is up to
youand the Storyteller, but it should be the most troubling
trauma in your character's life. Amnesia should also have
side effects as the victim's mind trips over details and
reminders. Seemingly innocuous things associated with
the event—the part of town where an attack occurred, the
music playing in the background, the attacker's name —
may trigger panic attacks or nausea. When the Innocent is
exposed to these stimuli, all actions suffer a +2 difficulty
penalty. Spending a Willpower point can overcome this
penalty for a turn or even the remainder of the scene.

It is possible to regain memories and resolve a
trauma, but it takes long psychological care available to
the imbued only at great risk. Confronting events also
proves a serious blow to the character's optimism and
could lead him to become jaded, to abandon the mission
altogether or even to commit suicide.

EDGES

Edges seem to arise from a combination of need and
inclination. During her imbuing, a hunter who must get
out of harm's way can develop a different edge than one
who decides to fight a shambler. Inclination plays a roll in
that those needs arise from the exact same situation
differentiated simply by the varying personalities involved.
Innocents generally gain abilities to avoid or counter
supernatural creatures and to affect positive change.

The Innocence edges outlined in the Hunter: The
Reckoning seem to be the most common displayed by
creed members. With the growth of the Internet com-

a =

munity and more frequent face-to-face meetings of
imbued, word of various and different gifts spreads. The
following five edges come to light in this increasing
exchange of information.

Thus far, all these edges seem to be specific to the
Innocence creed. At the Storyteller's discretion, hunt
ers of other creeds could learn them. The Storyteller ]
should decide on a case-by-case basis, allowing an edge
only if it's specifically appropriate to a character's con-
cept. So, a Martyr or even a Defender might learn Ease,
for example, but perhaps not Fool's Luck.

*Foot's Luck

Some Innocents believe that the universe or vitalisis
on theirside, and this edge seems to confirm that belief.In
times of grave danger and high stress, the courage of the
imbued is affirmed when small but significant events goher
way. An escape route presents itself or a weapon is at hand
with which to defend herself. "Good karma," some hunters
call it. To activate this power, imbued tend to make an
everyday sign for good luck, such as crossing fingers,
crossing themselves, whispering a prayer or rubbingalucky
charm. Such acts are indistinguishable from the signs for
fortune that any normal person might make, even to
second sight. The Innocent using the edge feels a brief
surge of optimism when the "fortuitous" event transpires.

System: If the hunter's life or ability to carry onthe
mission is significantly and immediately at risk, he may
use this edge. The risk may come from mundane or
supernatural sources, but it must be real; attempts to
invoke the edge when there is no threat fail automati-
cally. Roll Wits + Mercy, difficulty 8 (the Storyteller
may wish to make this roll so that the player is not
entirely certain of the power's effectiveness).

Success indicates that a small event or development
occurs in the character's favor, helping him escape his dire
fate. The nature of this occurrence is up to the Storyteller
(examples and suggestions appear below). It should neither
end the threat altogether nor provide a direct combat bonus
(no convenient Mack trucks to crush that werewolforlucky
punches toa nerve cluster). The factor should only open up
new possibilities or give the hunter breathing room sohecan
get himself out of danger. The universe helps only those who
help themselves. If the lucky event results ina die roll (such
as to catch a convenient ledge after being thrown out a
window), the difficulty is equal to 10 minus Fool's Luck
successes. Other possible effects include the following:

Successes Possible Results

1 Anearly imperceptible change: You gain
a few feet on the creature pursuing you.

2 A lucky break: A door in a blind alleyis
unlocked, allowing you to keep running,

5 A total fluke: A chopper from Eyewitness

News shines a spotlight on the guy about
to shoot at you, making him hold his fire

and allowing you to run.

4 One in a thousand: A cop is actually

| around when you need him.
5+ One in a million: You were just thrown
againsta shatterproof window, notthroughit.

Invoking Fool's Luck takes one action and can be
done once per scene. Fool's Luck aids only the imbued
who uses it, not his companions — imbued or not. A
lone Innocent's lucky break may be to run into her
fellow imbued if they have become separated, however
(Storyteller's discretion).
ee ft ASE

Innocents are very concerned with the struggle to
remain sane in the face of the horrors revealed to them and
other imbued. The extreme behaviors and mental prob-
lems that seasoned hunters often display worry Innocents
greatly. They are always looking for ways to counteract this
mental breakdown. This edge allows them to do just that
by "talking down" extremists. The Innocent must be able
to engage the target in conversation and the subject must
be able listen, although he need not be a willing listener.
To all outward appearances, the edge seems to involve
nothing more than a conversation. The words seem espe-
cially powerful to the listener, though.

System: The user must speak for at least three
consecutive turns and can do nothing else (other than
gesture or move about while speaking) for the edge to
function. Make a resisted roll. You roll Manipulation +
Mercy, difficulty 6. The subject's player or the Story-
teller rolls anumber of dice equal to the target's primary
Virtue, plus one for each other Virtue that is 5 or higher,
difficulty 6. Thus, a Judge with 7 Zeal and 6 Vision
receives nine dice (7 + 2).

You can risk Conviction as normal, but the subject's
player cannot. If you win the contest, each success sup-
presses one of the subject's derangements for one scene.
Decide how to spend multiple successes: suppress addi-
tional derangements, suppress derangements for a longer
period of time oracombination thereof. If the listener wins
the contest or a draw occurs, the edge has no effect.

Using this edge is challenging in deleterious circum-
stances. Your roll suffers a +2 difficulty penalty if the
subject does anything other than listen (such as fight, or
if she is unwilling to participate) while the edge is used.

Subjects of this power cannot invest Conviction in
their rolls given Innocents' purpose; they seek to help
fellow imbued. Other hunters' inability to forcibly resist
such help with Conviction is evidence of Innocents'
seemingly ordained role.

Ifan Innocent has ample time and a willing subject,
this edge can be more effective and become a sort of
imbued therapy. In this case, the edge must be used in
a quiet, peaceful place that's free of distractions. Nei-
ther party can do anything else. Using the edge takes an
entire scene, but each success suppresses a derangement
for a day. Die rolls are the same as above.

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULE


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

Regardless of how she applies this edge, your char-
acter cannot use Ease on the same person more than
once per day. Ease affects only other imbued, not by-
standers, normal people or supernatural creatures. It
cannot undo the panic or hysteria imposed upon hunt-
ers who have encountered monsters such as spirits or
shapechangers while Conviction is inactive.
oe [xsPinE

Most Innocents believe very strongly in the imbued
working together to free the masses from supernatural abuse.
This edge makes that goal a reality, allowing an Innocent to
transfer some of her own confidence and protection to
others through her comforting touch. For other imbued, an
Innocent becomes a store of resolve, proof that hunters
aren't alone in their struggle. For the masses, the Innocent
offers reassurance and a respite from despair and terror. The
Innocent cannot actually imbue another person, butshe can
grant some temporary advantages.

System: No roll is necessary. The Innocent simply
touches the beneficiary and concentrates, which usually
counts as a reflexive action. You may spend your Innocent's
Conviction on a subject's behalf while physical contact is
maintained. For other imbued, this expenditure works ex-
actly as ifthe subject's Conviction was spent, except that you
control its use. Your character may activate another's second
sight and self-control, you may spend Conviction so that
another hunter can activate her own high-level edges, or
you may even risk Conviction on another player's edge rolls.
In the last case, all Conviction risked is lost if the roll fails,
as normal. If the roll succeeds, only the subject gains an
additional point of Conviction; your character does not, he
simply retains the points invested. Note that if your charac-
terhasalready risked Conviction inan edge roll in thisscene,
he cannot do so for others thereafter. Similarly, if your
character risks Conviction in another's edge roll ina scene,
you cannot risk it again on your own character's edge rolls or
anyone else's for the remainder of the scene. The recipient of
Conviction may also risk hisown Conviction ina supported
edge roll at the Storyteller's discretion. If an invested Con-
viction roll is botched, all of the Innocent's Conviction is
lost, and the subject's might be, too.

Imbued subjects understand the basics of what happens
when they are "inspired." Their companion is the source of
theirstrength and courage. Whether the Innocentisthesole
source of inspiration or his presence simply bolsters a subject
depends on the situation. An exhausted hunter (with little
orno Conviction left) might be supported completely by the
inspiring Innocent. A hunter with Conviction reserves
remaining might simply find the Innocent's support supple-
mentary to his own determination.

In the case of normal people, Conviction can be used
to grant only protection from supernatural fear and mental
control. Second sight and edges are not conferred. In these
cases, the benefits of spent Conviction last only as long as
physical contact is maintained. Normal people do not

> o£.)

understand what happens when they're "inspired." They
simply feel fears fade or their minds clear. They understand
emotionally that the Innocent is somehow responsible. In
most cases, however, the unimbued tend to forget what
they might have witnessed or encountered after the event.
Their minds gloss over the displays of a raging poltergeist,
for example. It seems that Inspire is not meant to expose
normal people (and hunters without active Conviction)
to the horrors of the world, but simply to control the
dementia that humans normally suffer in the presence of
creatures and save them from excessive harm or trauma.

Inspire may also be applied to bystanders as it is to
normal people. There are rumors, however, of the edge
temporarily granting some bystanders second sight.

An Innocent may affect multiple targets at once if they
all join hands or make contact. The maximum number of
subjects equals the Innocent's Mercy rating. You can tisk
your character's Conviction in only one other hunter's edge
roll, and may doso only once in any scene. Any Conviction
spent to help multiple people must be spent on them
individually. If three normal folks are protected from su-
pernatural fear, one Conviction must be spent on each of
them; one point is not spent to affect them all.

Inspire does not affect supernatural creatures, If the
Innocent is Incapacitated while in contact with others,
the effects of any Conviction spent on them terminate.
eee Bond

As Innocents become more experienced in the
mission, they can dedicate significant energy to ensut-
ing the safety and sanity of their fellow imbued. They
seek to foster cooperation between the chosen and
make sure others have a place to stay and someone to
talk with — to some hunters, Innocents thus become
the mother hens of the imbued. This edge allows Inno-
cents to keep a watchful eye on their imbued allies.

After getting to know and care for another imbued,
an Innocent can create a powerful bond with him. Then,
when she wishes it, the Innocent can concentrate and
gain a sense of the other's state of being, like a mother
peering in on her child. The subject of the edge gains no
overt advantage from the Innocent's attention, although
he may feel a slight surge of confidence.

System: The Innocent must have been acquainted
with the subject for at least a month before this edge can
be used. The Innocent touches the subject to create the
bond, which requires one full turn. Roll Charisma +
Mercy, difficulty 6, at that time. The connection per
sists based on successes rolled, as follows:

Successes Duration
1-2 One Day
3-4 Three Days
5-6 One Week
7-8 Two Weeks
9-10 One Month


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCE!

from the attention of a vampire or walker. Even more
zealous hunters (who might give a bloodsucker a well-
deserved shotgun wound) can't do too much for the
blind when the latter are apart from the imbued.

Noreal solution to this problem presented itself until
the prospect of charms arose recently. Hopel23, an
Israeli Innocent, seems to have developed a way to invest
objects with a glimmer of her own edges and pass them on
to normal people. These charms create good luck for and
offer protection to friends who might otherwise be lambs
awaiting slaughter. These small objects are created by
hand or have significant meaning to the people involved
and are offered to normal, everyday people. Hopel23
reports that creating them is neither easy nor quick, but
she is convinced that recipients benefit from them. She
has shared her technique on hunter-net, along with her
thoughts on protecting the defenseless.

(Creating good-luck charms is exclusive to the Inno-
cence creed. Other hunters can possess edges in the
Innocence path, but they cannot fashion protective charms
like these, unless the Storyteller decides otherwise.)

Mevnod

The key to creating a charm is to find an object that
binds the imbued and the subject. That object is central
to the charm, and the imbued shapes or modifies it by
hand until the item is just right. The object should make
each party think of the other — the two must know each
other very well.

An ideal charm is a finished item that has meaning
for both parties, such as their wedding ring, a photograph
of the two, an article of clothing (given by one to the
other), a souvenir from a trip together or a postcard from
one to the other. The Innocent then alters and embel-
lishes this thing for a great deal of time. Hopel23 carved
a cypress branch she found with her son during a nature
hike. She slowly transformed the branch into wooden
beads strung into a small necklace, each bead bearing a
character from hunter code. She gave the necklace to her
son as a charm after many weeks of work.

Other Innocents experimenting with the process have
reported a variety of other techniques. One placed a photo-
graph in a cameo, which he then worked with a soldering
iron. Another wrapped wire and other elements around a
1955 quarter. The permutations seem to be endless.

Once the recipient has the charm, he benefits from
a certain amount of protection. This benefit is signifi-
cant but not infallible. Hope123's son managed to walk
right past a violent shapechanger but suffered night-
mares for weeks afterward.

LEARNING THE TRICKS

Despite Hope123's good intentions, it takes more
than an Internet post to create charms. Her messages
have pointed interested parties in the right direction, but
they've had to invest time and effort to get it to work. The

process involves creating a charm for a person such that
the effort is a labor of love. Most Innocents end up trying
several objects and abandoning the efforts halfway, be-
cause the process does not capture the full emotions that
the imbued feels for the subject. Once the Innocent
manages to make her first charm, it becomes easier to
sense when and how it's appropriate to make others.
This experimentation process is represented in game
terms by acquiring two dots of Crafts (in an appropriate field),
Characters who already have appropriate Crafts must still
experiment for around 20 hours (one week, part-time). Inthe
latter case, you don't have to spend any experience points.

SysvEM

To create a charm, an Innocent must feel the need
to protect loved ones quite deeply, enough that it causes
genuine distress. In game terms, this means she must
have at least 3 Mercy. She must also care deeply for the
person upon whom she intends to bestow the charm.
The recipient cannot be imbued or supernatural in any
way, although he can be a bystander. The Innocent
then obtains an object with meaning to both and begins
work on it. The nature of the project is not strictly
important, although it must transform the object visu-
ally and be done completely by hand or with simple
tools. The work cannot be haphazard as the quality
determines the effectiveness of the charm (again, your
character must have the appropriate Crafts at level 2).

The duration of the effort varies from case to case,
although it requires a minimum of 10 hours. In game terms,
the Innocent invests Conviction into the object. For each
hour or so spent working, he invests one point of Convie-
tion, if it is available. The work ends when he has invested
10 points. Eliminate invested Conviction from your pool
(but keep a record of points set aside for the creation),
Conviction points set aside for the creation of a token are
considered unavailable to your character thereafter. They
cannot be spent to activate second sight and supernatural
defenses, to activate edges or to invest into powers.

Once the charm is complete, roll Dexterity + Mercy,
difficulty 6. Willpower cannot be spent to get an auto-
matic success; this project is based on Conviction. Further
Conviction can't be risked on the roll, either; Convic-
tion has already been dedicated to the creation process.

The number of successes achieved is the number of
"points" you get to spend on the charm's benefits. A
charm can have multiple powers, although each success
can go toward only one.

If your Dexterity + Mercy roll fails, the charm devel-
ops an imperfection during creation, your character's
attention is distracted or the process goes slightly awry.
Roll Dexterity + Mercy again. Approximately five more
hours must be spent working on the item to perfect it
(although no more Conviction need be spent). The
Storyteller may decide that your Innocent's effort fails
utterly if three consecutive failures are rolled.


CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

If you botch a Dexterity + Mercy roll, the charm _ Innocent suffers a form of psychic trauma. This suffering
breaks completely. The creative process must begin all _ should generally be reserved as roleplaying fodder, but it
over again. Half of the Conviction points set aside for may impose a derangement on the Innocent, at the
the project are lost (round up for odd numbers) and _Storyteller's discretion.

must be replaced before your character may try again. A lost charm may restore protection to a subject

Youcannotelecttore-roll Dexterity + Mercy iftheresult when the item is returned to its proper owner. If it is not
isn't as high as desired. The result is what your character is returned, your character can revoke the protection
capable of, and he lacks the will and inspiration to try again. _ offered by the device and create a new one to replace it.

Charms work only if they're carried by the recipient —_‘Ifa recipient is ever killed, her charm can be revoked as
and only if they remain whole and undamaged. A single well, allowing your Innocent to create another for
person can benefit from only a single charm. A single | someone else, to the limit of her Mercy. All Conviction
Innocent can make multiple charms, up to her Mercy _ dedicated to a revoked charm is lost.
tating (but can make only one at a time). She may grant Charms appear to be just slightly special to second
these to anyone with whom she has a sufficiently close _ sight, but not wrong in the same sense as the supernatu-
telationship. Charms can never be transferred from one _ral. Edges such as Discern, Witness or Illuminate detect
recipient toanother, even ifbothareclosetotheInnocent. a warmth or aura to a charm — one a viewer instinc-

If an Innocent dies, her charms cease to function. If tively associates with the glow surrounding some
a bearer dies as a result of a supernatural attack, the Merciful during their imbuing. Only the object's maker
can identify its specific abilities.

The Storyteller should pay close attention to the
ongoing relationship between creator and beneficiary.
Charms depend on deep feeling. If an Innocent doesn't
behave in ways appropriate to those feelings — she
disregard's the bearer's needs or ignores him completely

supernatural, or ifthe charm is destroyed. The Innocent f — the charm becomes useless. In these instances, the
igains a vague idea of the extent of the trauma and the | Storyteller may also impose a Conviction loss or even
subject's location, but can neither communicate noraid tule (in cases of extreme neglect) that the Innocent
him through the charm. Ifonly asingle point is spent on If loses the ability to create charms altogether.
this effect, its range is about 10 miles. Each additional
point increases range by a factor of 10 (100 miles with
two points), rapidly making it effectively limitless.

¢ Calm (minimum cost: | point): The bearer re-
ins abnormally calm in the face of supernatural terror.

CHARM Garnett IES

immediately aware if the bearer is subject to supernatu- ff
talmental powers (not edges), is scared orharmed by the }

Canes VERSUS 1 OKENS

Hunter Book: Defender addresses the concept
of tokens, small objects given by Defenders to their
charges. These items bear a more-than-passing re-
semblance to Innocents' charms. In fact, the items
represent the two creeds' respective spins on the
f same basic concept, and they reveal the similarities
} and differences in the creeds' outlooks.
Defenders are straightforward, zealous guardians
who see the world as a series of threats to their }f
i charges. They protect against aggressive and violent
} enemies intent on harming the people they've sworn
to protect. Defenders' tokens result from hard work
and offer physical protection (extra soak dice).

Innocents want the people they care about to
live without fear, and trust in a benevolent universe
to help others enjoy this freedom. Innocents' charms
thus vary in effectiveness based on good intentions
} and kindness, and grant psychological benefits in-
i stead of physical ones. They stave off terror, keep }f
charges hidden or grant insight.

The difference between tokens and charms is
therefore the difference between Defenders and In-
| nocents: one of perspective.

Siiherememdiiiiisiinanaieiteteemmenat

him. He seeks to get away calmly and quickly forgets
emnatural details thereafter. At the Storyteller's dis- J

¢ Hide (minimum cost: 3 points): The bearer
gains a mitigated and unconscious version of the Hide
edge (see Hunter: The Reckoning, p. 148). The edge
works as normal, except no actual Wits + Mercy roll is
made for the bearer. Rather, he is always considered to
have received two successes on such a roll for every
three points spent on this effect during creation.

¢ Hint (minimum cost: 1 point): The bearer j
effectively gains an additional dot of Awareness for j
every point spent on this effect, allowing him to]
receive hints about dangerous supernatural situa- J


v a
\ 3
. 2
: ‘ SN

\

a

Wy

UNTANLE

XC

UK

«ad \\

H
\
y
4] fi
1 \ x Pai
ty
il VSI
R iY
j A
XN

Vy Y


The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever.
— Psalms 37:29

Itt a certain kind of person to become one of the imbued. You must be
instinctively, emotionally and intellectually prepared to respond in the face of
monstrosity when the Messengers play their unseen hand. It takes a truly unique
person to respond to that truth, not with outrage to punish a seeming crime, not
with manipulation to change the creature's apparent ways, but with unblemished
forgiveness and understanding — the desire to reconcile what's wrong, as opposed
to destroying it or imposing a penance on it. Innocents the proponents of
cooperation, peace, understanding and community, whether among monsters,
humanity or the chosen. Theirs is perhaps the most challenging path —
compassion is much more difficult than confrontation or condemnation.

The following character templates give you a starting place for ng an
Innocent hunter. Each of them is ready to play, but can serve as inspiration for
your own characters. The templates isolate some basic concepts of the creed (the
three camps, ties to the community, the struggle to maintain optimism) and
personify those qualities.


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

OMAR 4

Prelude: Your neighborhood was never posh or
upscale, but you always loved it. The little gardens
your father and others carved out of the fenced-off
yards not big enough for parking a car. The
kids screaming gleefully when afireman opened S
ahydrant onahotsummer day. Playingstickball
with the boys in the street while your little §
brother watched for cars. It was joyous.

Ugly things started to happen once
you grew up. A crack house appeared
where Mr. Jackson used to run his
comer shop. Little Lucia died in a
drive-by and the police didn't seem
tocare. Even your father, who had
helped build this little part of the
city, talked about moving to the
suburbs, even though he didn't
have the money to do it. When
he got sick, you stayed with him.

The two of you watched things get

worse and worse outside his window.

The night the cancer finally took him, he
asked you to leave and find a safe place to
live. You couldn't say no.

Three weeks later, you were still there,
not quite sure where to go or what to do
with your life. You'd packed up half the
kitchen and couldn't go any further. Some-
thing deep in your heart told you this wasn't
tight. Then you heard the scream.

A girl's voice, crying out from some-
where down below. You looked out the
window, then ran for the stairs down to the
street and searched for the source. It came
again, a whimper this time, from the
boarded-up tenement across the road. You
hesitated — that place was dangerous —
until you glanced up and down the street.
Every traffic light in both directions was
green. The message was clear: "GO!"

You pried back a loose board and went
in, looking for the whimpering girl, as you
delved farther and farther into the aban-
doned building. You finally found her:
little Tasha Felk from 13B. She was cry-
ing and huddled in the corner, trying to

— =

aR

PRT RON

get away from aman. You stood in the shadows
S\ and watched for a moment. He was pale and
J wore tattered clothes. He whispered, "I'm
sorry, I'm sorry, it's going to be okay...."
' You stepped between him and Tashabefore §
f <4 // he knew you were there. You saw his yellowish _|
__ <i eyesandcaught the same smell you did when your
father died. This man was dead. There wasno
doubt in your mind. "You can't have her," |
you said, your voice wavering.
"J... 'msorry." His voice wasslow,
like he was drunk. "I didn't want to
hurt her. I just wanted to play and
she... she fell..." 1
"T know you didn't meanit,
but you have to leave." You
braced for him to lash out.
He left, instead.
Concept: Ever since you |
saw the dead man, things make
more sense. You've seen others and
figured out that they're somehow
linked to the decay in the neighbor
hood. That means you can stop it, 0
f you've decided to stay. Little Tasha |
hasrecovered, and she said the "smelly
an" and she were just playing. You've
talked to her mother and to other
people in the community. Everyone's
pulling together to find the "smelly |
man." You also know you're going to
need help from other people who see —
the dead. In the meantime, you've set
up sort ofa neighborhood watch tokeep
Tasha and her friends safe.
Roleplaying Hints: Youdon'thave
any children of your own, so the local
boys and girls are your surrogates. You
look at them and their parents and see
§ all the good things about growing upin |
this corner of the concrete jungle—the
things that made your father happy.
You'll do anything to make the
neighborhood like that again.
3 Equipment: Walkie-talkie,
modest apartment


HUNTER-BOOK @ iy
INNOCENT

Nave: Nature: Architect Primary VIRTUE: Mercy
PLAyeR: DEMEANOR: Caregiver CREED: Innocence
CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Community Matron SrtaRmNGCONVICTION:3
© bee 208 wees AT RBUTS SS ete ee Se
PHYSICAL Social MENrAL
Strength. @@000 = Charisma (approachable) @@@@O —_—~Perception. @@800
Dexterity. @@000_ = Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina. @@000_ = Appearance @@000_ =s—« Wits @@800
© oe ae Sees AD )|S SS ete ee
TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES
Alertness @@000)= = Animal Ken 00000 Academics. 00000
Athletics 00000 = Crafts___(gnitting) _@®O0O0 Bureaucracy @0000
Awareness___@@000 Demolitions_____ 00000 Computer 00000
Brawl @0000)—SCDrive__ 0000s Finance 00000
Dodge @0000 Etiquette 00000 Investigation @@000
Empathy_____——@@@oo = Firearms______———— 90000 _~—s Law 00000
Expression 00000 Melee 00000 _ Linguistics__(zralian) _@OO000
Intimidation 00000 Performance OO000 Medicine @0000
Intuition, 00000 _ Security @@000 = Occult 00000
Leadership, @@000 — Stealth, @@000 Politics 00000
Streetwise @@000 = Survival 00000 Research 00000
Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology @0000 Science 00000
© bam cen sewer, ADVANTAGE "lemme mete Smee Sew
BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
NAME CREED LeveL ‘TRIGGER Mercy Vision Zeal
Score Spent ‘Score Spent ‘Score Spent
Contacts ___@@OOO Hide Tmnocence @OOOO_—<"i‘i (UX. C1 COO 1 O__
Everyman ___@@O0O Tuminate Tanocence@@000__? > gt Eee ge gar
Resources @0000 00000 eo aa ee
Roots ss  ©BOOO OO0O000 Sow we 6 Oss "oO!
00000 00000 6702-46". 60
00000 00000 i — : ae aan
00000 00000 at ma
100350 100s. 100s:
ee <. SE) SD aes OEE eee es ON ESE
eumm=z DERANGEMENTS -——eme 9 commas CONVICTION em emcee HEALTH ee ee
@e@eeeeeooo0ood Bruised O
Hurt ES
Sasa jug 9 aera Injured 10
@e@e@ee@e@eoooodondn Wounded 2B)
to oO a | OO Mauled 2 El
eumaue: EXPERIENCE ———— Crippled 5 O
Incapacitated Oo


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

through you like a cannon. "Go and wait for me in the
park," she commanded and he did. He didn't want to.
You heard him hissing and swearing, but he obeyed.
Then she dragged the bodies away and left. She never
even saw you.
You ran home and hid like a little girl till
dawn. You were freaking out and knew you'd
He let your friends die. You had a gun and
loaded it. You were going to swallowa
round, until you thought about the
park. Maybe if you could find them,
you could make them pay. So you |
went, scared out of your wits and
wanting to either kill or die,
When you got there, there
was nothing to be found —
except a bloodstained leather
:} jacket covered with gray ash.
You knew then. She'd taken ]
care of the other one, and the |
bodies, too.

Concept: You've found other
people who've dealt with the mon- |
sters, but you feel like an outsider ]
among them. Some are full of posi-
tive outlook. Others fight like wild

Prelude: You were born ready
for trouble. Someone looked at
you funny and you'd introduce
them to your fist, usually five or
10 times so they'd remember it.
Someone made acrack, and your
ny boots or maybe a pipe would get

involved. People knew to back the

hell off and that suited you just fine.

So when you and your buddies
staggered out of a bar at 4 AM, and
that prissy little shit in black didn't
move, well it was too bad for him — or so
you thought. Jack swung first, his ham of a
tight hand targeting the little shit's face;
those stupid nose rings were going to hurt
coming out. But the kid caught Jack's fist,
looked at you, smiled and twisted your buddy's
forearm off like a drumstick. Teddy lunged
right away, but the kid moved fast — too fast
— and caught Ted by his ponytail. One yank
and an unholy crack, and Ted turned into a

1 human Pez dispenser, giving out bloody chunks
of bone from his neck.

You should have swung at the little shit. Or
maybe you should have just run away. But you saw / fi
the neon sign outside the bar glow red and green. f 2 LLY dogs. You're stuck in the middle. You _
It read, "STOP AND LIVE. MOVE AND DIE." [YJ ¥S3-== 77 had your chance to fight and you blew
So you froze. If you moved he'd see you. Nf ~ it. But maybe, just maybe, there was a —

The slick little killer reached over to Jack, reason to watch. Maybe, if youcouldfind
who was whimpering, clamped a hand on his that chick with the voice.... 4
mouth and proceeded to suck at his arm's bloody _ Roleplaying Hints: You walk the —
stump like a baby on a tit. Then he had some = y line between despair and rage, consumed —
Ted-Pez. You almost puked, but you still didn't <A) by your inability to save your friendsand 4
move. This was all two yards away, and the little 3 what you can't help but see as coward-
shit didn't even see you. Because you didn't move. ice. Some of the others say they hear

That's when another one showed up. A woman voices. All you've got is an ember of |
this time. A black girl, maybe 20. She wasn't right. hope that you can make something out
She looked hungry for Pez, too. But instead of of your survival.
joining the buffet, she just spoke: "Stop." And he
did. Her voice was calm, quiet even, but it burst

Equipment: Street clothes, motor-
cycle, handgun


—

HUNTER-BOOK,— __ BR.

INNOCENT

NAME: Nature: Survivor PRIMARY VIRTUE: Mercy
Player: DEMEANOR: Curmudgeon CREED: Innocence
CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Recovering Burnout. STARTING CONVICTION:3
© bee ae Swe, ATTRIBUTES SS ete ee Sy
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength, @@@00 Charisma___————@@OOO Ss Perception. @#BOO
Dexterity. @@@00 = Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence BOO
Stamina @@@00 3 Appearance @@000 Wit —_— @@@00
SS eete 208 Swot AD)))ES SSR eee eee
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@000 Animal Ken ~~—~90000 ~~ Academics 00000
Athletics @e000) Crafts____—————— 9/0000 ~—— Bureaucracy 00000
Awareness, 00000 Demolitions____ 00000 Computer OO0O000
Brawl @@000 = _— Drive @@000 Finance 00000
Dodge. @@000 Etiquette 00000 Investigation @@000
Empathy. 00000 Firearms____—————— @@@OO—O_ Law @0000
Expression, 00000 Melee @@@00 Linguistics 00000
Intimidation. @@0@00 = Performance___————OO0O00 = Medicine @0000
Intuition, 00000 Security__—@@O000 Occult 00000
Leadership 00000 Stealth 0000 _—~Politics 00000
Streetwise @@000 = Survival. @0000 _ Research 00000
Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology 00000 _ Science 00000
= aan cen swoum, ADVANTAGES Seem mete Sey Beer
BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
NAME CREED LeveL = TRIGGER Mercy Vision Zeal
‘Score Spent ‘Score Spent ‘Score Sper
Arsenal _@@OOO Hide _Tnocence @OOOO__—isd| OX 61 OW 1 OX
Contacts @@000 Cleave  vengeance®0000 are sae ee
Resources @0000 00000 aoe ey aa
00000 O0000, 5O_. 5 OL 5 O__
00000 00000 6°06 OL "6 Oo,
00000 00000 : a ; ick " eat
00000 00000 i th coer ud ead all al
10:0 ki OO se ALO Otis

ewemu DERANGEMENTS +m 9 commas CONVICTION erm emcee HEATH meee

e@e@eeeeoo0dood Bruised Oo

Wi Hurt 4, ol
er Injured 2) VE
@ee@e@eeooododo Wounded #9
hE) fe a OE Mauled 20
BA Zeiss oes Crippled 5

panies Incapacitated O


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

"), Shue ull anf nororying! Get 6ffa-mel

Prelude: Life was a series of foster par-
ents and group homes until you figured
out how to get the hell out of that scene.
You hit the streets and hit them good,
squatting with other kids and some older
folks. Sure, some of them were
motherfuckers, but there were some good
people, too. You just had to be strong, to
: stand up to the assholes and find the folks
who'd share space. You carried stuff for
'em, did things for em, but they gave
you a place to stay. At least they
didn't pretend to love you like
those foster-morons.

who looked like he was made of fog. The smoke-man
had another chain ready — for you.

You crossed yourself like the priests showed
you in that Catholic school years ago, calling
(out to God or whatever to help you. That's
"when the floor gave way under you.

Instead of dying, you fell on an old couch
on the ground floor and got to your feet. You
heard the roaches swarming through the
walls — like the jingle of thousands of
little chains. You ran for the door.
"Please," you whispered to no one
in particular, "get me outofhere."

You threw open the door ©
and ran right into Valerie, an- |
other one of your crowd. Tall,
with fiery red hair and green
eyes like you'd only ever seenon

billboards, she looked shocked to see
you. You didn't even have time to beg for
help before the roaches and the smoke-
| man exploded through the door. You
ORY were sure that was it. Instead, Valerie |
Bes pushed you behind her and raised her |
hand. The roaches stopped. The smoke-
man did, too.

The two of you backed out of there,
counting your blessings.

Concept: You and Valerie have become
inseparable. She's got this great old car and
wants to take you across country — "to some-
place safe," according to her. Part of you would
love that. She's so cool, ready for anything. But
you can't go. That kid in the chains was hurting, 7
He even warned you, didn't he? Anyway, Val
ain't your mother or nothing.
Roleplaying Hints: You long for the
safety of your guardian's arms, but can't

b. bring yourself to trust her completely. A
a lot of people have used you in a lot of
ways, and she might be just another sicko with another
kick. Anyway, you're grown up now and don't need any
protectors. Right?

Equipment: Ragged clothes, personal trinkets

You were 14 when things
went from bad to outright fucked
up. You and the old man had
found an old house to squat in.
Part of the place was burned out,
but some rooms were in good shape
— they even had some furniture. Not
three nights later, things started hap-

| pening. You heard voices, screaming,
things started moving and shit came
outta the goddamn walls!

The old fart pissed himself
and ran when the roaches
swarmed out of the fireplace.
He pushed right past you and
stepped into the hole in the floor-
board. He fell all the way to the
basement and made an ugly sound
when he broke. You were all alone,
and the house was laughing.

Behind the laughing, though, you
hearda voice: "IT SEEKS SLAVES."
You knew you were next. Sure
enough, the roaches parted and he
appeared. A hunched over man with
black smoke coming from his eyes.
He looked like he was made of black
smoke, and you could sorta see through
him. He was the one laughing. He held
a chain tied around the neck of a boy,


HUNT ER-BOOK

Nature: Child
DEMEANOR:Survivor
CONCEPT: Street Kid

PRIMARY VIRTUE: Mercy
CREED: Innocence
STARTING CONVICTION:3

Soe en Sere. ATTRIBUTES SE eet See Se

NAME:
PLayer:
CHRONICLE:

PHYSICAL
Strength, @0000
Dexterity @@0@00
Stamina, @@000

Socal
Charisma @@0@00
Manipulation @@000
Appearance @@000

MENTAL
Perception, @@800
Intelligence @@000
Wits_(anticipate trouble) @@@@O

> bee ae See AB )))))S \S ee eee

KNOWLEDGES
Academics OO00O
Bureaucracy @0000
Computer. 00000
Finance. 00000
Investigation. @0000
Law. @0000

Linguistics__(spanisn) @OO000

Medicine 00000
Occult 00000
Politics 00000
Research 00000
Science. 00000

TALENTS SKILLS
Alertness. @e@000)= = Animal Ken 00000
Athletics 00000 -— Crafts. fereyereye)
Awareness @@000 _ ~=—sDDeemolitions 00000
Brawl. @@000 _ =CODDrrive 00000
Dodge @@000 Etiquette 00000
Empathy 00000 Firearms 00000
Expression. OO000 Melee. @0000
Intimidation. OOOO00 Performance 00000
Intuition. @@000 = Security. @@000
Leadership 00000 © Stealth__(rnan) 0000
Streetwise__(iometess) @@@@0 Survival @0000
Subterfuge 00000 | Technology. 00000
© bee en eewee, ADVANTAGES Stem mete See Sue
BACKGROUNDS EDGES

NAME CREED Liv TRIGGER

Contacts @@@@O Foo!'sluck Innocence®@OOOO_

Everyman __-@@@OO Hide nnacence @OO00.

Mentor __—s @@@®OO Discem _ Judgment ®@OOOO_

00000 00000
00000 OO00O0
OO0000 O0000
OO000 00000

VIRTUES

Mercy Vision Zeal
‘Score Spent Score Spent ‘Score Spent
1@x 10 1 @_x_
2@x 20 2 OL
SOS AO bas BBNL@ Dh.
+O. + Ose
5 Obes 53-O - 5 One.
6,02-226-0.... 6-02.
UO Sad Oo 290].
8,08 On 8 OL.
970 .. =F Oo Ose 9" Oe:
100 — 3 -1OOL= 1002"

> Geil a Ra) CE eee me ey

eee DERANGEMENTS -—— =m

owen = CONVICTION ———_e me
@ee@eooooood0d0

enema = WILLPOWER =———
@e@ee@e@eeooodod
a a |

ous EXPERIENCE ————

Bruised
Hurt

\

OOOOoOoOoO

1

Injured -l
Wounded -2
Mauled -2

Crippled
Incapacitated

5

\


HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

PROMINENT INNOCENTS

The following Innocents have already gone through
the first traumas of the mission and lived to tell the tale.
They have gained some reputation among fellow Inno-
cents for embodying some of the central tenets of their
creed, and they have gained reputations among the
imbued in general. Members of other creeds tend to see
them as the archetypal "bait" — examples of hunters
with too much empathy for their prey. These characters
can serve as contacts, allies or even rivals in your game.

ELIZABETH THORNTON, AKA TICKET 3i2

Even as a child, Liz Thornton yearned to explore
and travel. Her mother had to keep an eye on her
constantly for fear that the girl would just wander off.

Stuck in the dreary suburbs of Durham until she
could escape to college, Liz did the best she could to
entertain herself by dating "dangerous" guys (which all
too often translated into petty criminals). Still, she
made her way through college and then landed a job
with a travel agency. She took advantage of her staff
discounts to get away for long weekends and holidays as
often as she could.

It was during one such trip that the Messengers
contacted her. The words "EASE ITS GRIEF" seemed
whispered to her as she visited a new city. Stunned, she
realized that the seemingly lost girl nearby on the
sidewalk was actually a walking corpse.

Her curiosity more powerful than her fear, Liz found
the courage to approach this "person." They were both
travelers, after a fashion, and Liz felt a kinship for the girl's
haunting needs. Eventually, Liz helped the lingering soul
break into her old apartment and retrieve a letter to a

yy SW\ >

2
\ Yo

[eis
Bf
—

Las
< aa _

fo g
F(a (Wn) we
q RQ '
A pz]
Al] || © =—
als
alEleS
Alle |is a] |
l= [is sS

mal CN 7 @\

boyfriend that was never mailed. The moment the letter
was dropped in the mail, the zombie fell to dust.

Liz returned to Durham and tried to get on with her
life. Then, one evening on the way home the voice spoke
to her again. Liz found herself in the presence of a ghost
seeking penance for his crimes in life, and she helped
him find peace.

Aftersome time, Lizseemed to gain a reputation her
helpfulness among what could best be termed "local"
spirits. Her job allowed her to travel cheaply all over the
United States, and occasionally abroad, to help spirits
deal with unfinished business from life.

She often wondered if there were others like her out
there, but her tentative contacts among the dead never
revealed anyone with similar abilities. Then she met
John Rodgers, another imbued, who was evaluating a
particular zombie when it approached Liz for aid.

Rodgers observed the connection and approached
Liz himself, offering his assistance in dealing with the
being. Liz was overjoyed to find that she was not alone
— that others had heard the call, too. She shared
everything she knew with the newcomer, and even
introduced him to one of her deceased associates.

Then, while Liz was at work, Rodgers blew up the
zombie in its car and fled town to avoid the police. Liz
made no further efforts to contact other chosen after that,

More recently, as she arrived at a bus station in
Detroit, Liz was approached by Jake Washington. This

man was different from the other chosen. He was more _|

open and receptive to ideas and compassion for the other
side. The two hit it off immediately and became lovers.
Liz steadfastly refuses to give up her job for the call,

much to Jake's disappointment. She maintains that the

Messengers' work is only part of her, that her travel and |

friends are just as important.

Bravrice TREMBLAY, AKA ORACELZ A

Béatrice heard the first angel several months ago.
She was driving a truck for Dans la rue, delivering hot
meals to Montreal's homeless when she heard it. It had
her father's voice: "AIDE-LES, MA PETITE
BEATRICE"— help them. At the next corer, she saw

aragged little man leaning over Pierre, one of the people _
she had come to help. Was he... feeding off Pierre? She |

stopped the truck and caught the blood-drinker in her
head lights. It looked straight at her, hissing and shield-
ing its eyes. The angel spoke again: "REGARDE "—
look. She saw the expression on the thing's face and

recognized what she had seen in countless famished

street-people and strung-out junkies: hunger, fear and

shame. It ran into the night, but she had learned two —

things about the "creature": it felt human emotion, and
it feared the light.


Over the next few months, she found more of the
blood-drinkers, along with ghosts and others things.
Her angel always guided her. Using her old account at
the university, she found hunter-net and learned that
she wasn't alone. She adopted the name Oracle, be-
cause she talked with an angel.

It was only a few weeks after she first logged on that
she heard the second angel. This one whispered like a
lover. It told her secrets and ways to "better help
people." It told her she had to leave Montreal and find
out why things were so wrong in the world. It helped her
get strong enough to do just that, bestowing more gifts
upon her, just as her father's angel had done.

The new angel compelled Béatrice and her compan-
ions to the little town of New Dijon. Ghosts, walkers and
shamblers were rampant there. It was horrible, but the
angel helped as promised. It made the light strong enough
to push the dead away and send them back to where they
belonged. Driving around town with the others and
armed with a spotlight, they healed the place.

Shortly thereafter, Béatrice left for Greece where
she discovered a place that made New Dijon look like
apark. It was okay, though. The second angel was with
her, and time flowed like a river. She went into those
dark woods and returned. The angel assured that she
would know what truly happened there when she was
teady. Béatrice always trusts the angels.

After Greece, it was back to Montreal to pick up the
pieces. A nice American man had put some of her story
on hunter-net, and others arrived to help her and her
friends. But the second angel knew it wasn't going to be
easy — things were bad in Montreal, and they needed
even more assistance. So she went to see a blood-
drinker named Valois, a creature the angel said would

CHAPTER 6: BABES INTHE WOODS

help her. He was very nice and very polite and listened
when Béatrice told her story.

Two days later, everyone was dead. All her friends,
old and new, were gone. The blood-drinkers tried to get
herseveral times, but the angel's light protected her. On
the run, she went south hoping that some of the Ameri-
cans she knew through the Internet would help. Some
sent messages and offered help, but the one she actually
met face to face intended to kill her.

Béatrice isstill on the run, but the second angel is with
her. He says this is all part of a greater good and that she'll
be able to show them all the truth soon — whether blood-
drinkers or mad hunters. Everyone will see the light.

Béatrice sometimes wonders why she hasn't heard
from her father's angel since before Greece, but the
second angel is constant and says everything's okay.
Béatrice always trusts the angels.

Always.

Inez VitcacRands, AKA Nuss2iG

Inez has spent her whole life in San Diego, Califor-
nia, never having the means for anything other than trips
up to Los Angeles or across the border to Tijuana. She
followed a typical pattern by fleeing an abusive father to
live with an abusive boyfriend, but broke out of the
vicious circle when she became pregnant. Awareness of
an innocent life growing within her snapped her out of
her complacency. She wouldn't make the same mistake
her mother had, bringing a child into a home where it
would just be victimized. She couldn't deny the joy of
motherhood, though. She had only one choice: to leave.

Inez stayed with her grandmother while dodging her
boyfriend Carlo's efforts to reach her and "teach her a
lesson." By the time little Jaime was born, Carlo's temper


ii

HUNTER BOOK: INNOCENT

had gotten him into trouble with the law, and he served
time for aggravated assault. Inez's grandmother Roberta
saw in the 17-year-old single mother all the hopes she had
had for her own children, and dedicated herself to mak-
ing sure Inez and Jaime had a genuine chance. Thanks to
Roberta and help from friends and neighbors, Inez was
able to complete high school and begin nursing school at
night. By the time Jaime was 10, Inez was a registered
nurse working at a major San Diego hospital.

Saved from the life of a victim that her mother had
led, Inez tried to help those around her. Instead of
becoming disheartened by the stream of drug- and gun-
related cases she dealt with in the hospital, she became
a friend to the poor who used the walk-in clinic. They
came to her not only with medical problems, but for
advice and help. Roberta, in her 80s, gained confidence
that her granddaughter would assume the role as matron
for their little part of San Diego.

Not everything was easy, though. Carlo didn't stay
in jail forever. Despite the fact that Inez made it clear
she wanted nothing to do with him, he didn't stay away.
His insistence that he have access to Jaime finally wore
her down, and she hoped against hope that contact
would be good for father and son. Unfortunately, Jaime
seemed to learn all the wrong things from his father and
talked about "strength" and "respect" by the time he was
13. Inez never knew when it was that Jaime first got a
gun, but he was arrested for possession of an illegal

\ firearm at 15 and spent three months in a group home.
A year later, he was back in for another two months.

Inez's life of simple triumphs and obstacles shat-
tered on the night of Jaime's 17th birthday. Working a
shift in the emergency room, she ran to assist paramed-
ics and doctors as they wheeled in two young gunshot
victims. She was headed toward the second one until
the paramedic pronounced him dead. She was about to
turn away when she recognized the boy's shirt — she
had bought it for Jaime at Christmas.

Staring at the body of her son, Inez felt her world
crumble and her head swim, until she heard the voice:
"YOU MUST RESPOND." Through a glass partition,
she saw the doctors hard at work to save the other boy.
She also saw Jaime attacking the boy and no one was
trying to stop him. That was when Inez Villagrande
came to believe in ghosts.

The doctors, nurses and technicians thought she
had lost her mind when she came in speaking to her
"son," but Jaime listened. Her little boy, grown up to be
a killer, let go of his intended victim. Her colleagues
saved the other boy.

In the months since that night, Inez's life has
transformed. She sees the dead everywhere. She discov-
ered hunter-net by fiddling with a hospital computer,

ar ~~

and has found other imbued in the San Diego and Los
Angeles areas. She has even killed one creature and
repelled many others. Jaime's spirit visits her every few
days, and she is glad for it, but their conversations end
with her in tears. Jaime seems satisfied by them.

Inez remains determined that her life will be good.
Where others see monsters, she sees abusers and vic
tims, people who might be receptive to help. The
imbuing is another challenge, and she tries to use it to
help herself and her community. Most of all, she triesto |
keep Jaime's ghost from becoming one of the wailing
angry specters that she has encountered.

PROFILE

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, |
Charisma (Communicative) 4, Manipulation 3, Ap-
pearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 1, Awareness 2, 1
Bureaucracy 2, Dodge 1, Drive 1, Empathy (Bedside Man-
ner) 4, Firearms 1, Investigation 2, Leadership 1, Linguistics
(English) 1, Medicine 3, Science 1, Streetwise 2 '

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Continued
Exposure 5, Resources 2, Roots (Neighborhood) 3

Edges: (Innocence) Hide, Ease, Illuminate

Mercy: 5, Conviction: 7, Willpower: 6

Jane Wasnincron, AKA Bookworm

Jake Washington celebrated his 18th birthday by
attending his first lecture at Boston College. He cel
ebrated his 19th birthday by leaving the hospital ina
new wheelchair. For his 20th, he plans to go dancing.

After spending his high school years as a geek, his
nose always in a book, Jake tried to relish the college
experience. No one there would judge him, save by
what he did. Although he was still a bookworm, he
found it less of a hindrance in a place where most
people were cramming for one test or another. It
looked like life was turning around. Until he saw the
dead girl.

She was just a kid, maybe 12 or 13, stumbling across
the campus late at night. He approached her to see what
was wrong, when he heard a voice as if someone were
nearby. "IT IS BEYOND LIFE." The voice sounded ike ©
his third-grade teacher's. By the time Jake crossed the ©
lane tothe girl, he could see her bulging eyes and slightly
decayed flesh. The jagged wound across her neck wasn't"
bleeding anymore. Part of him wanted to run, but the
better part wanted to help. He reached out tentatively
to touch her. She looked sadly up at him and her lips
started to move. Only when she put her hand to her
neck did a raspy voice came out of her dry mouth, |
"Mis'er Wendel. He hurt me."

Not really knowing what else to do, Jake held the
little dead girl. She sobbed once and crumbled to dust.

That night, Jake broke into the school's employ-
ment records, found a J. Wendel and an address, and
snuck into the nearby home. There he found pictures of
the dead girl and a half-dozen other victims. He called
the police anonymously and watched on the newsas the
cops took the man away.

Of course, the weirdness didn't stop. Jake attacked
the problem of seeing dead people like anything else,
with research. He found the first hunter-net and became
a primary contributor. He searched Boston for others
with the sight. He met the warlock he called Purple, who
taught him a lot about the other side, and then he met
Phaedra, the vampire who truly changed his life.

For a while their relationship was fantastic, ro-
mantic and sexual. They shared blood, and she talked
openly about inhuman affairs. Jake was almost happy.
Then, during their third tryst, another Boston-area
hunter arrived to "purify" Phaedra and Jake's blas-
phemous relationship. The man met a horrific end
and Phaedra, enraged, tore off Jake's legs when he
tried to run.

He woke up in the hospital, lucky to be alive after
a dangerous "car crash." Angry and bitter, he dropped
out of hunter society for several months while he
healed. When he returned, he still teetered between
denial and rage, and he wrote a long guide on "the
enemy," complete with tips on how to hurt monsters.

The fact that people now use that post to commit
what Jake considers murder weighs heavily on his con-

CHAPTER 6: BABES INTHE WOODS

science. After writing the post, a revelation dawned on
him about his dismemberment: He'd been told that he
was found crawling from an alley after a car crash, that
his survival was miraculous. Jake recognized the details
as convenient fabrication and realized that Phaedra
must have recovered from her rage to save his life, to
leave him where he could be found — and under false
circumstances that were not simply to her advantage.
Jake knew then that he had to find her and reawaken
the care she'd shown for him, to prove to the rest of the
imbued that "the enemy" was still human.

Inhis search, Jake has received considerable aid from
an older chosen named Fyodor. The man seems to hope
to aid Jake reconcile his role in the mission, and has
become almost an adopted father. Taken across country
by Fyodor, Jake begins to believe that his eyes are being
opened to the potential of the calling. The most glorious
example occurs when Fyodor, harnessing the very strength
of the Messengers, restores Jake's legs. Jake barely remem-
bers the experience — a rush of air, a flash of light and
then unmitigated joy. It doesn't matter. He is whole
again! Yet, an explanation of this miracle might never be
forthcoming as Fyodor disappears.

Jake, however, realizes that his gift comes with a
price. He can never return to Boston or his family again.
How would he explain his condition? No one would
understand. He therefore becomes a wanderer, search-
ing for both Phaedra and for other imbued in hopes of
spreading word of his vitalis for the calling.

PROFILE

Note: Ratings in parentheses represent Bookworm
before the restoration of his legs. Beyond his lower ratings ,
there were many things that were outright impossible for him
to accomplish then.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3 (1), Stamina 2 (1),
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence (Book-Smart) 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics (Authors) 4, Awareness 2,
Brawl 2 (0), Computer (Website Design) 4, Dodge 3 (0),
Empathy 3, Firearms 1, Investigation 3, Occult 3, Re-
search (Libraries) 4, Security 1, Technology 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Continued Exposure 3,
Destiny 4, Everyman 3, Mentor 4

Edges: (Innocence) Hide, Illuminate, Radiate; (Re-
demption) Bluster

Mercy: 7, Conviction: 6, Willpower: 6

Derangement: Obsession (prove that Phaedra
has a soul)


HUNT _h-SOe0gK

Let He Without Sin...

"Monsters exist. What's so hard to understand? The hard
part is helping them. If we don't, we're no better than
they are."

Innocents: the unabashed, direct and accepting among
hunters. The Innocent recognize that these creatures
were people once, that there's a fine line between human
and inhumane, and that even hunters can cross it.
Innocents naive? No. Assuming all monsters are evil —
that's naive.

Cast the First Stone

Hunter Book: Innocent is part of a Hunter: The
Reckoning series dedicated to the creeds, the character
types of the imbued. Learn Innocents'
philosophies, motives and ultimate
goals in the struggle with the
supernatural. Innocents strive
for peace. They accept those
creatures that are deserving,
but are prepared to
condemn the
remorseless. And all
these new powers
and tools help
further the cause.
Who said you have
‘ to be meek to
inherit the Earth?

51495

STL i

THE RECK
