# File: Inquisitor.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

=

Emily R Deesnee-Thoenber Ye alles Ralis, Matthevo
Wiciadand Unthony Ragan, Sacah Koark CA Suleiman, foam
Tnwocth anddanet Crautvetter

Vampire createdby Wark Kein'Dagen

%.
cd
LAG MA
Credits Nantesters
(Atlanta) John Chambers, Susan Gillotti,
Authors: Emily K. Dresner-Thornber, Myranda — Michael Goodwin, Ben Grivno, Matthew McFarland,
Kalis, Matthew McFarland, Anthony Ragan, Sarah Darci Strachan; (Cleveland) Pam Collins, John N.
Roark, C. A. Suleiman, Adam Tinworth, and Janet Craig, Ryan Humphries, Brian Jones, Halle Rodway,
Trautvetter. Vampire and the World of Darkness Hanneke van Keulen; (London) Allison Barfield,
created by Mark Rein® Hagen. Simon Goddard, Chris Hartford, Toby Jones, Adam
Additional Contributions: Michael A.Goodwin — Tinworth, Karl Wilding
Storyteller game system designed by Mark
Rein® Hagen
Developer: Matthew McFarland
Additional Development by: Philippe R. Boulle
Latin Consultation: Myranda Kalis
Editor: Ed Hall
Art Direction, Design Layout & Typesetting:
Becky Jollensten
Interior Art: Jim Di Bartolo, Marko Djurdjevick,
Eric Hotz, Tom Mandrake, Rik Martin, Alex
Shiekman, Adrian Smith, James Stowe, and
Tim Truman
Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
1554 LITTON DR Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Mas-
querade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension,
30083 Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
PUBLISHING USA rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild
West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War,
Trinity, Dark Ages Storytellers Companion, Dark Ages Vampire, Dark Ages Mage, Dark Ages Inquisitor, Dark
Ages Europe, Bitter Crusade, Under the Black Cross, Cainite Heresy, Constantinople by Night, Jerusale m by
Night, Libellus Sanguinis | Masters of the State, Libellus Sanguinis II Keepers of the Word, Libellus Sanguinis
II Wolves at the Door, Libellus Sanguinis IV Thieves in the Night, The Ashen Knight, The Ashen Thief, Iberia
by Night, Transylvania by Night, House of Tremere, Wolves of the Sea, Fountains of Bright Crimson, Wind from
the East, Veil of Night and Year of the Damned are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.

All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark

or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.

elements a
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.


ee fr: L1e9C ot: * afe rab, mare : Yai,

Contents

Prelude: Final Absolution 4
Introduction 14
Chapter One: Against All Demons 22

Chapter Two: Callto Arms 56
Chapter Three: The Mind of the Inquisition 116
Chapter Four: Characters and Drama 140
Chapter Five: The Word of God 170
Chapter Six: Storytelling



thave never cared muchlorsunsets

The glorious array of colors across the western sky is
nothingtomebuttheharbingeroftwilight, andthe night
tocome.Andlhaveneverfoundthenighttobeatime of
rest, butratherofhorror,fornightiswhen Hellisstrongest
andthoseofuswhostandstrongagainstitmust bemost
vigilant.

Tonight, | fear, will be no different. Death stalks the
streets of Foix, and its cause lies on the table before me:
aheavyblacktome, boundwithbronzeclaspsandmarked
with infernal sigils etched into the leather and bronze of
its bindings. | have not had the courage to view its
contents — nor do | need to. The book stinks to me of
carrion; a charnel odor clings to its very pages such that
lcan barely tolerate its presence, an odor my compan-
ions cannot perceive. Yet it is not the only such volume
inmy possession, andifl condemn our Brother Renierfor
desiring sucha thing, or falling unwittingly under its spell,
then | also condemn myself...

—From the private journal of Brother Leopold von
Murnau, Inquisitor, Order of Friars Preachers


PRELUDE:
RINAL
ABSOLUTION

Brother Leopold von Murnau had not expected to feel
welcome in Foix, and with good reason. Until ascant handful
of years ago, Foix had been the capital of heretical resistance,
its bloodthirsty Count Roger Bernard only recently having
been brought to submission to the will of his King and the
Church. However, as Brother Leopold knew very well, submis-
sion did not necessarily mean surrender.

The townspeople on the narrow, windingstreets stared
suspiciously at him and his companions, and they drew
together in little clumps to one side of the street or the
other. No one spoke, as if in fear the monk was listening.
The hooves of their mounts on the rough-hewn cobbles
echoed distinctly in the uneasy silence.


Sir Baudioun le Breton urged forward his roan to
come alongside Leopold's mule. The knight's eyes
remained watchful, his hand resting on his mailed
thigh, close to the hilt of his sword. Behind them
trailed Philippe, Baudioun's young squire, riding his
own horse and leading the pack mule and his master's
destrier, as well. Both knight and squire wore white,
though only Baudioun's mantle bore the broken red
cross that identified him as a Poor Knight of Acre, as
much a servant of God as the Dominican in white
and black who rode beside him.

Leopold ignored the stares and tried not to think
of the risk, but of their mission. They were not here
to hunt heretics — the Church had other, even more
dangerous enemies.

"1 do not envy our fellows their commission,
Brother," the knight commented in a low voice. He
spoke French, the only language they had betw:
them, for Baudioun was not conversant in Latin.

"In God is our refuge and strength," Brother
Leopold replied, "and as He watches over the spar-
row, He shall watch over us as well." He took a small
book from the pilgrim's satchel that hung at his side
and consulted it. "The chapter-house should be at
the end of that lane there."

They had barely dismounted, however, when a
beggar huddled in a recessed doorway lurched to his
feet and staggered toward them. Baudioun did put
his hand on his sword then, stepping between the
ragged creature and his companions.

"Wait," Leopold murmured, laying a rest
hand on the knight's arm.

aining

The beggar was cloaked in a ragged blanket, but
as he pushed back its folds from his head, he revealed
a monk's tonsure — though the once clean-shaven
crown was now rough with stubble. "God be praised,"
he whispered hoarsely. "I had almost given up hope—
" Then, belatedly, he added the code words, "Sed
libera nos a malo." But deliver us from evil.

"Et ne nos inducas in tentationem," Leopold an-
swered, deliberately using the prior verse. And lead us
not into temptation. "I am Brother Leopold, and this
is Sir Baudioun, our brother in the Lord's work."

Now that he looked more closely, Leopold could
see the beggar was younger than he'd first appeared,
despite his bedraggled state. Beneath the filthy blan-
ket, he wore the red robes of the Order of St.
Theodosius. "Brother, is something wrong? Or is it
now the custom for your Order to embrace poverty
and beg for your bread?"

The young monk didn't even flinch. "It is not,"
he admitted, "but it has kept me safe. A devil hunts
these streets at night, Brother. I fear of all our
brethren, I am the only one left alive."

+
ttt

"God's blood," Sir Baudioun murmured as they
stepped inside the remains of what had once been
the Inquisition's chapter-house, a cramped dwelling
above an empty shop. Then, at Leopold's reproving
look, he added, "Forgive me, Brother. But what in
the name of Our Lord happened her

Barely a stick of furniture had been left unbro-
ken. Shutters had been torn from the windows,
mattresses ripped open and bedclothes slashed into
rags. And over it all was a sickening odor of old blood
and burnt flesh, though Leopold was not certain how
much of that scent was common to the room and
how was much was in his nose only. The blood, at
least, must be real; he could see places where the
debris was marked with red-brown stains.

"It happened six nights ago." Brother Renier
told them. "By God's grace, I was not here when the
demon struck. But all the others...Brother Herve,
Brother Raimond, and Sister Berengaria...." He shiv-
ered, wrapped his ragged blanket more tightly about
his thin shoulders. "I gathered their bodies, the parts
I could find | don't think Brother Herve even woke
up, he was still in his bed. And Sister Berengaria, she
must have tried to run even after she was first
struck... I found her body lying in the yard. And her
head... I found that only a short distance off—"

Baudioun crossed himself. "May God have mercy
on their souls," he murmured in a low voice.

"How do you know it was a devil who did this,
and not men?" Leopold asked. "The Count and his
men have done such things, and even boasted of it."

"The Count has been in Toulouse these past
weeks, or so the prior at St. Volusien told us,"
Brother Renier said. "And the door was still barred
when I returned. When no one answered my knock,
I finally pried open one of the shutters downstairs.
And when I came upstairs—" Renier's voice trailed
off; a helpless gesture toward what lay across the
room finished his sentence for him.

"Now this is odd," Sir Baudioun said as he
crouched on the littered floor to stir the debris with
the point of his drawn sword. "You see that blood-
stain on the wall there? Where the very plaster has
been cracked? Something hit the wall there, and
hard. Yet, look — no sign of blood here. The rushes


would have soaked it up like a sponge." He stirred the
debris again. "See? All clean, and bone-dry."

"Brother Raimond's head was... was smashed in
like an eggshell," Brother Renier added. "But he was
over there, by the window."

The knight rose to his feet and strode to where
Renier pointed. "Not much blood here, either," he
reported. "Some..

you can see where his head must
have rested, here. But still..."

Brother Leopold glanced down at the floor, then
looked out the window. A precipice fell away be-
neath that side of the house, down a steep
boulder-strewn hillside to the river, 50 feet below.
He could just make out the splintered remains of a
pair of oak shutters on the rocks near the water's
edge. The window ledge was scored heavily as well,
as if torn by iron hooks.

Coming back inside, Leopold reached inside the
satchel. The first book he pulled out had a reddish-
brown cover in intricately tooled leather; with a hiss
of irritation, he pushed it back inside and drew out
the smaller volume he'd been consulting earlier. He
opened it, ran his finger down a page, then stopped
suddenly and looked up.

"Brother Renier," he said, viewing the wreckage
of the chapter-house with new intensity, searching
for the obvious — which was nowhere in sight.
"Where are the books?"

‘

The priest was saying a well-attended funeral
mass in the main sanctuary of St. Volusien when
Brother Leopold arrived there, so the inquisitor
retired to a quiet place in the apse to wait and pray.
The notes he had from the Council did not tell him
how to contact any Oculi in Foix; he could only
hope, if he made himself accessible, that one of them
would contact him. Baudioun and Philippe had gone
to see about stabling for their animals. Brother
Renier had scuttled off as well, saying something
about retrieving his possessions, though Leopold did
wonder what possessions the young monk could
possibly have.

He had reached for his missal, but what he drew
forth from his satchel was the same red-brown vol-
ume that had made itself inconvenient earlier. The
title was embossed on the cover, along witha fanciful

design of interwoven leaves and vines.
Libellus Secretum Sartaelis.

'

rs

"Have you no shame?" he hissed at it. "Will you
torment me even in the Lord's House?"

He started to put it back, but paused. Clearly,
something demonic was at work in Foix; perhaps the
Libellus might provide some clue as to its nature. On
the other hand, as Leopold knew, its author was
hardly a trustworthy source.

He hesitated for a moment longer, then turned
and left the hallowed ground of the church to seek a
private place in the cloister beyond. Only then, in
the seclusion of a recessed archway, did he open the
book toa random page to read the elegant Latin text:

3 was beginning to fear you had
forgotten all about me.

"Would to God that I could," Leopold muttered.
Then he quickly shut the book and set it aside,
because someone else had entered the cloister.

One of the monks had left the church, even
yet over, and was walking
briskly along the passage beside the church. He

though mass was not

paused at the cornerand waited until he had Leopold's
gaze. One of his hands moved in the sign language
monks used when required to keep silence.

Brother, we must talk.

Leopold slid the Libellus back into his book
satchel and followed the man.

+t

When Brother Leopold returned to the chapter-
house, Baudioun and Philippe were busy cleaning up
some of the worst of the debris, salvaging what
furnishings might be repaired, and consigning the
rest as firewood. Renier had been sorting through the
scattered contents of cabinets, which had held ma-
terials from cooking utensils and herbs to scriptorium
supplies. He had even found a wax-stoppered vial of
holy water, blessed by the Bishop of Toulouse and
miraculously unbroken.

Leopold appreciated their efforts, though the
place still smelled befouled to him. He couldn't put
his finger on it, but he felt a familiar hollowness
somewhere in his belly, could almost taste the scent
of evil somewhere disturbingly close.

"Well?" Baudioun asked. "What did Rodrigue's
little spy have to say? Anything useful?"

"Perhaps. Jaufre the wineseller was found mur-
dered in his rooms yesterday." Leopold stood next to
the window, touched the deep scars cut into the
wooden frame. Jaufre's window had borne similar
s. "The rooms and shop were all but torn apart,
as if someone were looking for something. He had

mar!

possessed a few books from his youth, the spy told me;
the chest where they were kept had been smashed
open and the books taken. Yet his strongbox was
untouched."

"Jaufre?" Renier whispered. "But — but he was
not one of us..."

"Books again," Baudioun said as he scratched at
his beard. "Odd, that. What would a demon want
with books? Did this Jaufre deal in books as well as
wine?"

"Not usually, no. A Castilian had offered him a
book in exchange for a cask just a week ago, but
Jaufre refused. He seemed to think it was heretical.
The Castilian must have found a buyer, though, for
he was back in the shop only an hour later with silver
in his purse.

"In the meantime, Brother Renier," Leopold
continued, turning to face the monk, "you had said
that by God's grace you were not here the night the
chapter-house was attacked and your companions
killed. But I don't believe you said where you were...
or where you've been these past six nights?"

Renier's eyes took on a haunted expression.
"Anywhere. Everywhere," he said finally. "I've not
dared take shelter in the same place two nights in a
row, and even then I've hardly slept for fear of being
taken in my sleep, as Brother Herve was."

"And the night the chapter-house was attacked?"
Brother Leopold asked, once Renier fell silent. "Why
were you not with your brothers that night?"

"l—I had the prior's permission to study in the
library at St. Volusien. I found it easier to do my
reading when the brothers were asleep."

"Then you must have made the acquaintance of
Brother Jerome, the librarian."

"Yes

"Who was in the infirmary that night with a
fever and so forgot to unlock the book cabinets that
evening — in fact, the abbot had to send a monk to
get the key from him before morning prayers."

Renier's face paled, and he looked down at the
table. His fingers played nervously with the unravel-
ing edge of a coarse blanket, wrapped around a
bundle that sat before him.

"You were not at the abbey that night, Brother."
Leopold said sternly.

"No," Renier admitted. He did not meet
Leopold's eyes. "Forgive me, Brother. I—I was at
Jaufre's wine shop. I couldn't take it on hallowed
ground, you see. Every time I tried, I found myself
walking in the other direction—"

. yes, of course."

Qeerr
TERONE:  t( Bd i
ENV +... Lhe '


Wik

"What?" A cold chill touched Leopold's spine;
he found himself inhaling almost expectantly.

"But I swear to you, I didn't know," Renier said,
barely pausing between his words. "I never meant for
this to happen... but then they were all dead, and I
didn't know what to do—"

With fumbling fingers, Renier unwrapped the
blanket. Within the folds of wool was a leather
satchel, not unlike the one that Leopold himself
used to carry his books when he traveled.

The hollow sensation in Leopold's belly grew
even worse, and he distinctly smelled a fetid odor
like that of rotting meat coming from Renier's gen-
eral direction. Leopold watched without surprise as
Renier opened the satchel and drew out a thick black
tome with bronze clasps.

"The Castilian's book, that Jaufre refused," Renier
"T bought it."

"You did what?" Baudioun practically roared.
"God's balls, boy! What were you thinking?"

whispered, hoarsely.

Renier burst into sobs, rocking back and forth,
his hands over his face.

"Baudioun!" Leopold snapped, glaring at the
knight. "That's enough! Now is not the time for
casting stones. We have greater problems to ad-
dress."

The knight scowled and folded his arms across
his chest, but he said no more.

"Renier," Leopold said firmly. When the monk
didn't respond, Leopold reached out and took hold
of his shoulders, forcing Renier to look him in the
face. "Brother, listen to me. Listen."

The younger monk managed a weak nod.

"Our Savior is merciful and will forgive even the
greatest of sins. But we need your help now. What is
this book you purchased?"

Renier took a breath. "It's a nomen angelorum,"
he said. "All the known names. Even those who
followed Lucifer, and were cast out of heaven."

"A book of demon names. Dear Madonna have
mercy." Leopold rubbed his forehead. "And this
man, the Castilian — he had no idea, did he? He
probably couldn't read it."

I don't think he knew," Renier agreed. "Else he
would have charged me more. In truth, Brother, I
would not be surprised to learn he stole it. He was
anxious enough to sell."

"And now someone — or something — wants it
back, I gather," Baudioun said. "Badly enough to kill
and maim innocent men of God."

"Brother, what am I going to do?" Renier asked,
his eyes fixed on Leopold for the answer.

Of course, Leopold reflected bitterly, we Murnau
are always the experts on things diabolical.

"Burn it," Baudioun growled. "The thing i
cursed. It should be destroyed."

rly

o!" Renier snatched up the book and held it
to his chest. "You can't!"

"We won't," Leopold said, holding up one hand
tostill Baudioun's protest. "Not yet, at least. | can see
another use for it — if this creature wants to find it
so badly."

"Ah, Brother, now I see your mind, and I like it."

The knight grinned and laid his hand on the hilt of

"Bait."

his sword.

A lexicon of demon names. Leopold shuddered
even to think of such a thing; men had been burned
at the stake for less. Certainly, it was something a
sorcerer might send a murderous demon to retrieve.

Privately, he agreed with Baudioun; the book
had to be destroyed. But such action was no guaran-
tee of stopping the demon's deadly hunt. Its actions,
even the killings, were those of acreature who lacked
real understanding of what it sought. And besides,
there was souls that
cried out for revenge — that no demon should kill
three of their own and go free. And there was only
one sure way to draw the demon in, where it might
be dealt with.

something in the inquisitor:

The flicker of a few candles was all that illumi-
nated their vigil at the chapter-house that evening,
as night descended over the town. They had joined
the monks at St. Volusien for vespers, right before
sunset. Baudioun knelt in prayer, his freshly blessed
and anointed sword held unsheathed and upright
before him, his forehead pressed to its hilt. Philippe
had been ordered to remain within the safety of the
abbey — so that if the worst happened, at least one
of their party might live to report to the Council of
their fate.

Renier knelt as well, the precious vial of holy
water clasped in his hands, and murmured his pen-
ances. His robe was not much cleaner, but at least his
tonsure was freshly shaven. Leopold had heard his
full confession and absolved him, though the matter
of his status in the Inquisition would need to be
referred to the Council of Faith in Toulouse.

Under the circumstances, Leopold did not feel

qualified to judge him.

ARK AGESHINQUISIT On; mn


a .
Ut

Having completed his own prayers, Leopold
tooka candle and went downstairs to the empty shop
to see what else the Libellus Secretum Sartaelis might
have to say on the matter. Even as he did so, he felt
unclean; whether he was succumbing to the weak-
ness in his own blood or his damnable curiosity, it
didn't matter. It was his own secret sin, his thorn in
the flesh

t trae

and for whatever reason, he could not

resist opening its pages one more time.

Your knightly protector is right,
you Know. You really should burn
that book.

rised him. For one thing, it wasn't like

its opinion quite so quickly, without
any persuasion. That it also agreed with Baudioun's
judgment, and his own, on this topic was doubly
suspicious.

"I should?" he asked. "Why do you say that? I
should think you'd advise the opposite..."

It's adangerous thing to possess.
J should hate to see you perish before
your time. J've grown to enjoy our
occasional conversation{:

Leopold frowned slightly. Why would it want...
ah, yes. Of course. He should have thought of it
before.

"Your name is in that book, isn't it? Your true
name? Is that why you want to see it destroyed?"

She thing that seeks that book
has already taken five mortallives. It
is not a creature to be trifled with.
Burn the book, and it will seek you
no fonger.

"You didn't answer my question."

The page remained blank, which Leopold took

as an answer in itself. "How can you be so sure that
burning the book will stop it?"

Are you asking for my assis-
tance, Leopold? F could tell you so
many things — about this beast and
its master, what it is, where it came

from, what its fears and weaknesses
re. All you ever fave to do is ask.

It was all it ever wanted him to do... or at least,
all that it would admit to. But as tempting as its offer
was, he dared not accept it. Better to be ignorant and
in God's hands than even taste the knowledge of the
Serpent and be shut out of Eden.

"Perhaps,"

he said, just as he shut the book, so
there could be no response, "that book is not the only
one that should be burned."

But his threat was an empty one, and he knew it.

He went back upstairs to join the others in
prayer. Lord, have mercy on me, miserable sinner that I
am, and forgive the weakness in my soul...

A noise alerted him some hours later from his
pray
muffled jingle of harness. And a faint new scent of
decay and carrion, came in through the window on

rs: The hollow sound of hooves on rock, the

a breath of wind.

Leopold rose to his feet, crept to the window and
peered out.

On a little rise of land across the river, barely
visible even in the moonlight, a cloaked and hooded
rider came into view. Leopold did not need to smell
it to sense its unnaturalness; the horse's eyes shone
silver with reflected moonlight, and it moved far too
surely on the rough terrain. The rider pulled up and
pushed back the hood to reveal a cruel face that
seemed unnaturally pale and was framed by a black
beard and long hair. He lifted something to his lips:
a whistle, on which he blew a high, clear note, like
one might use to summon a hawk.

The answer, however, came not from outside,
but from within: a low, rumbling growl that they not
only heard, but felt in the beams of the floor beneath
their very feet.

"God's blood..."

sword held at ready. St

Baudioun leaped to his feet,
artled, Leopold turned, and
felt his own blood chill at the peril that awaited
them.

A demon — for it could be nothing else but the
spawn of hell — was taking shape behind them,
emerging out of the very wall. Easily as tall as
Baudioun, and powerfully built, its features were
bestial and grotesque, its massive jaw sporting great
polished fangs. Its talons v long and vicious
curved like a monstrous hawk's; its eyes glowed like
live coals. And from its shoulders sprouted an un-
folding pair of leathery batlike wings.


Even worse, it was closer to the table with the
cursed black tome than any of them.

Baudioun raised his sword. "For Christ and the
True Cross—" he began, starting forward boldly, but he
never got close enough for a blow. The demon picked
up the remains of a bench and flung it at the knight like
a spear. The oaken missile hit Baudioun in mid-chest
with the force of a trebuchet; he was hurled backward
and off his feet into a pile of broken furniture.

He did not get up.

Leopold, however, had taken what advantage he
could of Baudioun's attack, ducking and scrambling
across the room to put himself between the creature
and the book.

The demon's gaze followed him. Now that it had
fully materialized, its hide was darkening toa mottled
slate gray, rough and pitted as weathered stone. It
sported a profusion of irregular warts and spikes.

Itsnarled, black lips curling back to display all its
savage, jagged teeth. Then it raised one long arm and
pointed at the black tome behind him.

"Addicere libellus!" Its voice was rough and harsh,
little better than a growl, but its demand was unmis-
takable.

"No," Leopold said flatly. The creature's stench
was worse now; the inquisitor's eyes threatened to
water from the reek. He raised his hand, holding out
his rosary and its silver crucifix defensively.

The demon cringed, almost as ifit expected to be
struck, though it did not back down. "Addicere
libellus!" it repeated, though not quite so forcefully.

Renier stepped forward, clutching the vial of
holy water in one hand; with the other he began to
draw the sign of the cross in the air. "In nomine Patris,
et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti—"

Thedemon's head whipped around to face thisnew
threat. Its nostrils flared. One massive fistslammed into
the young monk's midsection; Renier doubled up with
a strangled gasp. Another backhanded blow knocked
him against the opposite wall, then the creature moved
toward him, jaws opening wide.

"No!" Leopold grabbed the black tome and held
it up where the demon could see it.
want, demon? Is it? Leave him... Leave him, in the
name of God and our Lord Jesus Christ, or I will
destroy this book, and you with it!"

It understood his Latin; it hesitated, crouching
over Renier's crumpled form, its eyes fixed on the tome
that Leopold held. "Addicere libellus!" it said again.

s this what you

a eee aa
Be f". Danae
, ae | DARKAGES

Renier moved, slightly. One hand uncurled, to
reveal the vial of holy water, yet unbroken. "Don't...
give it," he managed to gasp out. He was struggling
for his very breath. "Murderer—"

With asnarl, the beast turned back to the victim
within easy reach, lips curling back from its fangs as
it went for the monk's throat.

As the massive jaws opened before his face,
Renier raised his arm and smashed the vial right
between the demon's ey

There followed immediately a sharp tang of
burned flesh, and a bellow of pain and fury from the
demon. Its powerful, taloned hands slashed across
Renier's
own eyes as it staggered backward, ripping into its
own flesh to destroy the source of its agony. Glisten-
ing trails of blood streaked down the creature's rough
hide, which was clearly not made of stone after all, as
it could bleed.

"God's... blood..."

Struggling for wind, Baudioun had raised him-
self to his feet. He leaned against the wall for support.
Blood streamed down his face and matted his hair,
and he held his free hand to his side — but in the
other he still gripped his sword. "My turn now, you
foul cur of hell—"

body, and then the creature clawed at its

The demon dropped to all fours like a great cat,
arching its back and spreading its wings slightly for
balance as it turned to face the direction of Baudioun's
voice. Between the searing of the holy water upon its
cursed flesh and the deep gashes it had inflicted on
itself in response, its face was a gruesome ruin. Of its
eyes, only bloody sockets and shreds of flesh re-
mained. The tattered nostrils flared as it turned its
blind gaze from side to side, seeking its foe.

Baudioun advanced, but moving slowly and
holding his side; Leopold could see he was in pain.
Dear Madonna, give him strength! Then Leopold be-
gan to pray aloud: "Dominus illuminatio mea et salus
mea quem timebo. Dominus protector vitae meae a quo
trepidabo—"

The demon, though blinded, was not deaf, nor
had it lost its strength. With one sweep of a wing, it
struck Leopold knocking him off his feet. The black
tome fell from his hands and skidded across the floor.

The demon's head followed the sound. It fumbled
blindly after the book, snatched it up in its talons,
and then leaped toward the open window.

Baudioun met it halfway, swinging his sword

into the thing's torso with all his remaining strength.


7

prey jrackd

> 3 age &
rit

The blessed blade cut through the armor of its hide,
slicing deeply into inhuman flesh and bone.

A Cm R

a et? Yia

4

With a wail of agony the demon fell, convulsing
on the floor at their feet. Despite its terrible injury,
it still gripped the black tome with one arm. Desper-
ate now to esc:
limbs to drag itself toward the window again. "Mag-
ister! Magister!" it cried, its ravaged face straining in
the direction of the opening. "Adiumenti Petros,
Magister—"

"Go to Hell, youugly bastard," Baudioun growled,
and he brought his sword down on the demon's
horned skull.

ape, the creature used its remaining

It gave one last, piercing screech, though from
what remaining organ, Leopold could not tell, for
Baudioun's blow had split its head in twain clear
down to its breastbone. The thing's body collapsed
and almost immediately began to wither. Its flesh
dried up and crumbled away before their eyes, until
all that remained was a coarse pile of gravel and ash,
and the cursed tome the demon had sacrificed itself
to recover.

"Thanks unto God!" Baudioun sank to his knees
and leaned against the wall. "See to Renier, Brother.
I'm broken, but I'll mend."

Leopold picked his way around the ashen re-
mains and knelt at the stricken monk's side. The
front of Renier's habit was soaked in his own blood;
another stream of it now issued from his lips. "Bless...
me..." the monk whispered, lifting one hand.

Leopold clasped it between his own. Renier w
dying;
God's hands. "Misereatur tui omnipotens Deus, et dimittis
peccatis tuis, perducat te ad vitam aeternam. Amen."

"Deo Gratias ...." Renier said, after which his
lips moved, though no sound came forth. Then he
moved no more.

there was little he could do but remit him to

Baudioun crossed himself and murmured a prayer.
Leopold bent to gently close the monk's unseeing
eyes. Why, Lord? Was this his penance, that he should
die like his brethren? Why him? Why not me — for my
soul is no less tainted. Why do You spare me still?

Leopold rose to his feet and went once more to
the window. Across the river, the cloaked figure
turned his monstrous steed and rode away, vanishing
into the night.

Dawn is coming now, far more welcome than twi-
light. My candle is all but guttering, but shortly I shall no
longer need its light. I have written a letter to the Abbot
at Laurendine, informing him of the tragic loss of four of
his Order, and assuring him they died in the service of
Christ. Our brave Brother Renier will be laid to rest with
his brethren here in the churchyard of St. Volusien, and
I will arvange to have masses said for all their souls. When
I return to Rome, their names shall be added to the
growing list of holy martyrs in our sacred cause.

The black tome is in its satchel again, sitting on the
table here. Baudioun, before his weariness and injuries
finally persuaded him to sleep, once again bade me burn
it. I cannot fault his reasoning in this, yet the reason I
have not yet done so sits at my right hand, appearing
innocent, though like the words that appear on its pages,
deceptive in that very appearance.

It goes against my very soul to do anything it wants
of me, lest by doing so I make myself more open to even
greater temptations, and greater sin. Yet its advice is in
keeping with Baudioun' s in this matter, and with my own
instincts: This cursed tome must be destroyed. Is my
hesitation due merely to my distrust of its motives, or
because its evil has already planted a seed in my soul? And
if Sartael — I can write its name here, though I refuse to
honor it by its utterance
make that action evil by its very nature? Or is it deceiving
me yet again, pretending one thing, knowing I will likely
do the opposite? The fiend that summoned the devil-beast
still walks the night, and might yet send even greater
horrors to recover its property. But dare I trust Sartael's
assertions that if the book is destroyed, the fiend will
simply give up and go away?

Holy Mary, Mother of God, give me strength! For
I know what I must do...

—From the private journal of Brother Leopold
von Murnau, Inquisitor, Order of Friars Preachers

wants something, does that



The gitl woas going fo die soon

The demon obviously had no intention of feeding and letting her go.
Osoro watched from the window as the girl's flesh turned white. She
clutched at the demon' back, her body indicating that even if she could
break away, she probably wouldn't.

The whole process — luring the girl into the shadowy corner, sinking
fangs into her soft neck, draining her life's blood, and leaving her poor
corpse to rot there — probably took only seconds.

For Osoro of Madrid, those few seconds stretched on for eternity.

God had granted Osoro much. He had granted the young noble's
father mercy from the Moors. He had granted Osoro a loving family and
amodest inheritance. When the night-devils came for Osoro, calling the
shadows tolife and strangling his guards, God had granted Osoro the skill
to remain hidden and the good fortune to find a way to burn his foes to
cinders while he escaped. When Rodrigue de Navarre had approached
him, God had granted Osoro the intelligence to know His Calling.

But Osorowouldhavegivenup anything, even his ownlife, not to have
witnessed the things he had. Silently cursing the night hed become an Eye
of God, he watched the girl die. She was shaking now, her body presum-
able growing cold as the bloodleftit, and yet she still clung to the demon
as she would a lover. The demon leaned out from her, as if trying to
separate himself while still keeping his mouth latched to her neck. Osoro
did not understand why until he saw steam rise up from the ground. The
dead of ten lost control of their bodies, after all.

The girl's body crumpled to the ground, and the demon left it and
walked away into the night. The creature looked human. No Christian
looking at it would know it was anything other than a man, perhaps
returning home after drinking wine with his friends. But Osoro knew. He
knew that the demon had committed a breach of etiquette by leaving
the body uncovered and drained in an alley. He knew this meant that
conflict between demons was coming. He knew that he must report
these things to his superiors in the Oculi Dei.

But he did not know the girl's name. After watching helplessly as she
died, thanks to his vow of secrecy, he could think of little else.


INCRODUCTION

For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness
of God.

— James 1:20

Imagine knowing, with absolute certainty, that God is
in His Heaven and that He loves you. Imagine that despite
all your sins and faults, despite all the horror and death in
the world, a path to Heaven exists. Imagine that even
though people murder, steal, rape and lie, God gave up his
Son to wash away humanity's sins. Imagine those notions
without doubt, without the notion or even the option of
believing otherwise. You don't choose to believe those
things. You know them because you've been instructed to
know them all of your life.

And then somewhere along the way, you learned the
truth. God is in His Heaven, yes, but all is decidedly not
right with the world. Lucifer, the Adversary, the Fallen
Angel, has spawned scores — perhaps even hundreds —


at

é G ote

of minor demons. Shapeshifters, blood-drinking
corpses, familiar spirits, and other monsters emerge

from the bowels of Hell to corrupt and bedevil good
Christians. And it works, too: Sorcerers and cultists
attest to that with their maleficium and their black
arts. So, along with knowing that God loves you
and that by Him youare delivered from sin, you also
know, with utter faith and certainty, that monsters
stalk the nights and they wish to tear God down.

How can you stand in the horrible glare of that
truth and not act?

Yod's Soldiers

Dark Ages: Inquisitor isa storytelling game about
the members ofa secret organization within the Catho-
lic Church dedicated to hunting down and destroying
the get of Satan. These inquisitors aren't concerned
with heresy (not to the same degree that the Domini-
cans and others of the time are, anyway). They hunt
down demons, beings of true evil. They have a purity of
purpose that the Crusaders would be hard-pressed to
match. If they fail, after all, Christendom (and there-
fore the world) dies with them.

And yet, inquisitors are all too human. They still
sin. They succumb to despair, lust, greed and any
number of other human failings. They wield power
from their faith in God, but this power marks them
— some inquisitors can't sleep for the nightmares
that torment them. Some are so bound by their
sacred oaths that breaking them causes the inquisi-
tor physical pain. Some even suffer the stigmata. It's
a hard road for the blessed, and the fact that they
fight creatures that would just as soon feast upon
their flesh and blood doesn't make things any easier.

The Gadow Inquisition

The Papal Inquisition, as the history books reckon
it, is still several years off. However, in the Dark

THE Dark MEDIEVvs
ark Ages: Inquisitor is not a com
plete game. You will need a copy of
Dark Ages: Vampire to play, as that book
contains the core rules. Although it shares

some themes and some systems with the World

of Darkness game Hunter: The Reckoning,
Dark Ages: Inquisitor is not a Hunter
sourcebook and you need no Hunter books in
order to play.

Medieval, the shadow Inquisition or the Holy Inquisi-
tion contra Diabolum enim et alii daemones (against the
Deviland other demons) rose in the first half of the 13th
century to combat servants of Satan. This is a rather
broad category, of course, and part of the Inquisition's
self-imposed task is to investigate these creatures. Any
creature that looks human, after all, be it a mage, a
werewolf or even a vampire, might still be human and

therefore salvageable on some level. The inquisitors
must be very careful when applying force, lest they
damn an innocent soul to Hell. Likewise, the Inquisi-
tion works fervently to keep the existence of such
atures secret from the general populace (although
most people believe in demons, it's one thing to believe
they existand quite another to actually see them). Even
within the Church itself, only a scattered few clergy
know about the shadow Inquisition's task. The rest are
told only what they need to know, often to pray and not
ask too many questions.

Who are these inquisitors? From what walks of
life can the Inquisition draw its soldiers? The
answer to that question is simply: "Anywhere that
Satan's get rear their ugly heads." Which, of course,
means that inquisitors can come from anywhere in
Christendom. However, the Inquisition houses

five societies, called orders, which make up the
bulk of their membership. Three of these orders
are clerical — their members are monks, nuns,
and knights who have taken vows to uphold the
Cross. The other two are lay orders, one a noble
house and one a secret society of people with
nothing in common but their faith. Players in
Dark Ages: Inquisitor chronicles take on the
roles of characters from one of these five orders.

Leapsol saith

An inquisitor, as mentioned above, wields power
that stems from her faith in God Almighty. Pages
287 through 291 of Dark Ages: Vampire describe
"the Blessed," and that section provides a quick and
dirty approximation of what inquisitors are capable
of doing.

At some point during an inquisitor's life, either
before or after she joins the Inquisition, she feels the
touch of God. This revelation can happen over a period
of years, or can strike quickly like a lightning bolt from
the heavens. However it happens, in that moment the
inquisitor is blessed, and now can wield her faith as a

weapon against the Devil and all his servants. Yet, the
character is forever held to a higher standard of behav-

i. aie ee a a
7 eS ae "CHAPTERONE-s( Bd j i
w eee NC EENEMY. Fa wet


Wik

ior. She must behave as a true Christian or she runs the
risk of slipping into Callousness.

CallousHearts

Manis born into sin, and try as he might, that sin
follows him. All inquisitors are capable of letting
their commitment for the cause outstrip their Chris-
tian mercy. When that happens, the inquisitor
becomes Callous and the dark, base parts of her soul
show through. This is a dangerous place for an
inquisitor, as it opens her to further s
tion. Callousness can be avoided by
and prayer, but this isn't always possible on the
battlefield. Some inquisitors learn to cope with Cal-
lousness by making confession and living down their
sins. Some simply learn to avoid it altogether. Some
learn to enjoy it.

Themesand Wood

While many of the themes and moods discussed in
Chapter Eight of Dark Ages: Vampire apply to In-

quisitor games, a few are worthy of special mention.

Theme

Dark Ages: Inquisitor has several themes. One
of the most obvious and important, of course, is Faith.

Faith is an important theme in any Dark Ages
game, simply because religion is such a motivating
force in the Dark Medieval. The threat of Hell is real
to the people of the time. Inquisitors are not, by
nature, cruel, evil, or sadistic, but they can and will
torture others (and not just monsters) to get infor-
mation or to extract a confession. They don't do this
sort of thing because they enjoy it (necessarily).
They do it because if they don't, they put their own
souls at risk.

nand degrada-
reful reflection

Of course, causing pain, suffering, and death to
another Christian also puts one's soul at risk. So how
can an inquisitor know whether what she does is
right and just? She simply has to have faith that God
approves of her actions.

Faith as a theme can be taken in a number of
different directions, depending on the desires of the
Storyteller and players. If the troupe would rather
ally are on the "right side,"
defending Christendom from the monsters who stalk
the nights, it's easy to tell that sort of story. A quick
look through Dark Ages: Vampire can inspire an
entire chronicle's worth of vampire-hunting stories,

play characters who r

AGESHN@UISITOR

and that's without even considering the possibilities

4
2.

presented by other creatures as antagonists. In this
case — the monsters really are out to harm humanity
and pos
what some of them might think — the theme is one
of righteous faith. The characters are stalwart de-
fenders of God, and they don't need crises of

ible really are demonic in nature, despite

conscience to create conflict. The conflict inherent
in fighting powerful monsters is enough.

On the other hand, faith can be tested. Some of
the "monsters" in the Dark Medieval are more pious
than the humans who are supposedly in the business
of saving souls. The Church is corrupt at many levels
— the Inquisition's leadership knows this, but is
careful to keep such.doubt from the minds of the
rank-and-file. What happens to the characters' faith
when they meet someone within their Church —
chosen, supposedly, by God — who is obviously
lustful or greedy? Or in league with the monsters? Do
they give up on God, or on the Church, or even on
the Inquisition? Do they reconcile this test of faith
and fight the good fight?

Anotherimportant theme is Fanaticism. The mem-
bers of the Inquisition are, for the most part, fanatical.
Most Chr
who fight unspeakable horrors from Hell need that
extra bit of fervency. Unfortunately, it isn't something
they can turn off. When a Knight of Acre channels his
faith through his sword and delivers a blow strong
enough to cleave a vampire in two, it isn't something
commonplace. Even though, in game terms, that act is
only the result of a level-one power, the Knight might
well feel obligated to spend time in prayer, thanking
God for helping him smite his foe. In short, Inquisitors
are fanatics who have direct proof that they are right.

tians of the day are devout, surely, but those

Anyone who countermands their faith, anyone who
professes to know the "truth" (if it differs from their
understanding of the truth) is the enemy and can
expect only condescension, argument, and perhaps
out-and-out hostility.

With either of these themes comes a secondary
theme of Desperation. Just as in Dark Ages: Vam-
pire, where the War of Princes rages across Europe,
inquisitors are constantly in battle. But whereas
Cainites battle for territory and blood, the Inquisi-
tion fights for the souls of all good Christians in the
world (fairly epic, as goals go). Combined with
either of the above themes, Dark Ages: Inquisitor
poses a question — what would the Inquisition do to
protect, shepherd, teach, and save the Flock?


atholicism is a living faith, still prac-

ticed today by millions of peopleall over
the world. The characters in Dark Ages: In-
quisitor are not meant to be representative of
modern-day (or even most medieval) Catholics
any more than Assamite vampir
be representative of modern-day Muslims. In-
quisitor is a game about the
faith and fanaticism will push people, and those
themes could explored with nearly any belief
system providing the backdrop. The existence of
a real-world Inquisition (albeit with some dat
altered here) simply makes it an ideal choice for
our game.

are Meant to

xtremes to which

Storytellers and players should be com-
fortable enough in their faiths, and w
in general, to understand that this is only a
game before even reading these words. If you
feel as though your faith ng challenged by
anything you read herein, put the book down.
It's that

hreligion

A more appropriate question, really, is: What
wouldn't it do?

Wood

Dark Ages: Inquisitor isa horror game. Whether
that horror takes the form of vicious monsters at-
tacking with fang and claw or subtle demons
possessing innocent children and using their bodies
to do their work, or even the more cerebral horror of
lost faith and sin, an undercurrent of fear should run
through any chronicle. The Storyteller can evoke
this horror with many different forms of imagery
(and this is discussed further in Chapter Six), but the
players should remember that this game is not about

slaying monsters and collecting treasure. The stakes,
after all, are somewhat higher.

Chapter by Onapter

As mentioned above, Dark Ages: Inquisitor
assumes that you have Dark Ages: Vampire. None
of the core rules for the game (the information found
in Chapter Four of the latter book) ar
herein. Howev
the shadow Inquisition, as characters or as antago-

repeated
thing that you need to use

eve

nists, is right here at your fingertips.

The Prelude tells a story of two inquisitors in the
course of an investigation, and grants a look at the
sorts of challenges the blessed face.

Introduction: The part you're reading now
Themes, sources of inspiration anda lexicon of terms
can be found here.

Chapter One: Against All Demons is an ac-
count of what the Inquisition knows about its foe
told from the perspective of a very frightened in-
quisitor.

Chapter Two: Call to Arms dete

tion of the Inquisition and its orders, how each of

ils the forma-

those orders recruits new members and where their
strongest holdings are across Europe, the spiritual
beliefs of the Inquisition, and what challenges face
the organization.

Chapter Three: The Mind of the Inquisition
explores the organization and chain of command of

the Inquisition, and presents detailed write-ups of
the five orders.

Chapter Four: Characters and Drama presents
all the information you need to create inquisitor
characters, as well as the rules needed for running
games involving them.

Chapter Five: Bles

the God-given powers that inquisitors wield... and

ings and Curses describes

the Curses that are their price.

Chapter Six: Storytelling gives the Storyteller
helpful hints on running Dark Ages: Inquis
well as three sample stories to get your troupe off and

itor, as

running.

Sources

When most people think of the Inquisition, they
think of the Spanish Inquisition, which of course is
some centuries off. However, numerous books, films
and other media exist that highlight the themes of

Dark Ages: Inquisitor.

Books

The Inquisition, by Michael Baigent and Rich-
ard Leigh. A great history of the Papal and Spanish
Inquisitions, with plentiful detail on the practices
and theologies of the time. Invaluable.
The Perfect Heresy: The Life and Death of the Cathars,
by Stephen O'S
the Cathar Heresy and the birth of the Inquisi-
tion. Worth having for the look into the mind of
the Church during the period.

hea. A good, populist portrait of


The Name of the Rose, by Umberto Eco. The
definitive inquisitor story and a pretty good model
for how a Dark Ages: Inquisitor story might run.
Go and read it now. The film's not bad either.

The Malleus Maleficarum of Heinrich Kramer and
James Sprenger, edited by Henricus Institoris, et al.
While not yet published at the time of Dark Ages:
Inquisitor, Malleus gives a good idea of what some
inquisitors might believe witches (and other super-
natural creatures) are capable of. This is the actual
historical document, translated to English.

Witchcraft in the Middle Ages, by Jeffrey Burton
Russell. The author has several books out on witch-
craft and the role of the Devil in tradition and
church history. Useful for ideas on what people in
the period actually believed.

The Brother
Peters (<
the time period and life inside a monastery... with a
monk who keeps getting out and poking his nose
into other people's business, just like inquisitors do.

Wlovies

The Name of the Rose. A little cumbersome at
times, but well worth it for Sean Connery's por-
trayal of acharacter who could easily belong to the
Red Order.

dfael mystery novels by Ellis
ilso a video series). A good overall picture of

Flesh & Blood. Director Paul Verhoeven in
peak form delivers a tale of rape, plague, siege and

Medieval mercenaries

The Advocate. Not period, but just in case you
don't think folks took this sort of thing seri-
ously...

The Brother Cadfael Mysteries (videos). This
series, based on the aforementioned books, is very
well done (and possibly rentable).

The Exorcist. Not period, of course, but that's
not the point. Watch the movie for a sense of the
desperation to which the Inquisition is driven by
the enemy's tenacity, and for a sense of the sheer
Hell the Adversary's minions are willing to put
innocents through.

Websites

Armarium Labyrinthi: Labyrinth Latin Bookcase
(hettp://www.georgetown.edu/labyrinth/library/latin/
latin-lib-html). Has links for the full Vulgate Bible and
a half-decent Latin-to-English dictionary.

The Catholic Encyclopedia (http://
newadvent.org/cathen/). Excellent (though not
unbiased) source for church history and beliefs.

Catholic Liturgy Library  (http://
www.catholicliturgy.com/) Has the Latin text for
the Catholic Mass, if anyone's that interested.


(Pt

Bs

The Medieval Names Archive (http://
www.panix.com/~mittle/names/) Good for find-
ing appropriate character names, from historical
sources. Maintained by SCA folks who take their
research very seriously.

Lexicon

The following isa list of terms that readers will
encounter in this book. Some of them are merely
> to the game.

Ascetic: The practice of self-denial as a way of
religious life; from the Greek asketikos, meaning
laborious.

religious in nature, some are specifi

Convent: A monastic community of men or
women.

Council of Faith: A ruling body of inquisitors.
Large cities or regions have a Council of Faith,
which performs trials and arbitrates inquisitor
activity. The Supreme Council of Faith is located
in Rome.

Eremitic: A monastic vocation in which indi-
viduals withdrew from the world to live as solitary
religious; from the Greek eremos, meaning desert.

Grand Inquisitor: The supreme head of the
entire shadow Inquisition. During the Dark Medi-
eval, the only Grand Inquisitor to date has been
Cardinal Battista Marzone.

Holy Office: The public face of the Inquisi-
tion; the arm of the organization concerned with
mundane heresy. Most members of the Holy Of-
fice know nothing of the shadow Inquisition.

House of Murnau: An order of the Inquisi-
tion; a Bavarian noble house promised en masse to
the service of the Inquisition.

Indulgence: Remission of punishment granted
a penitent for acts such as going on Crusade or on
pilgrimage.

Inquisition: Also called the shadow Inquisi-
tion or secret Inquisition. An organization within
the Catholic Church dedicated to see
destroying supernatural evil.

ing out and

Inquisitor: A member of the shadow Inquisi-
tion. Usually, but not always a member of the one
of the five orders.

Novice: Woman or man who has entered a
convent or monastery but has not yet taken final
vows.

Oblation: Offering oneself or a child to serve
God as a nun or monk.

Oculi Dei: An order of the Inquisition; a
secret society that spans Europe. Also called Eyes
of God.

Order of St. Theodosius: Also called the Red
Order. An order of the Inquisition; both monks
and nuns who have mastered the Holy Art.

Orders: One of five groups from which the
Inquisition draws its member

Poor Knights of the Passion of the Cross of
Acre: An order of the Inquisition; a military order
of monastic knights.

Sisters of St. John: An order of the Inquisi-
tion; a group of nuns who often exhibit the gift of
the Holy Sight.



The pale man turned the chalice about inhishands

"Brother Guy, do you think this cup is beautiful?"

The monk nodded, warily.

"Why?"

The monk paused, and then stuttered a bit. "I do not know, master. | find it
pleasing to look on."

The pale man pursed his lips. "Hmm. What about women? Do you find them
pleasing to look on?" The monk nodded, carefully. "So different, women and
gold. And yet, your vows preclude you from either. No money, no sex. And that
is well, for the world is base and unclean, as you know."

"Yes, | know."

The pale man stood. "So why find beauty here, Brother Guy? Why not in
knowledge, or in prayer?" He loomed over the monk, who was obviously fright-
ened. A deerfly flew in through the uncovered window, and the pale man idly
batted it away.

"| find beauty in those things, as well, master, | just —*

The pale man crushed the chalice, as casually as someone else might snap a
twig. He dropped it at the monk's feet. "Still beautiful, is it?"

"No," said the monk, almost sadly.

"Hmm." The pale man stood at the window. "Look there, a light. Oh, | forget,
you cannot see so far. Still burdened with the sight of the world," He turned and
looked down at the crushed chalice. "Not beautiful anymore, yet nothing
except form has changed." He pursed his lips again. "I do wish we had a woman
here." The monk's eyes widened. The pale man shook his head. "Ah, well. Take
down your hood, Brother Guy. | shall lend you a eye. Then, perhaps, you'll see as
| do."

Brother Guy knew better than to argue. He knelt, exposed his neck, and
prayed for surcease from the pain he knew was coming. He felt the pale man's
fingers caress his neck, felt the flesh part, felt the cold, sickening feeling of the
eyeball being inserted into his skin, then sting of the skin knitting again. All the
while, he prayed. Our father, rid us of the evils of the world and through your
Shining Blood, make us like the angels you have seen fit to grace us—

"| do believe the light is growing closer," remarked the pale man. "Good.
Perhaps it's a woman. Go and prepare a bed."

Brother Guy scrambled to his feet and hurried to perform the task. The
master did tend to obsess, but it was always best not to upset him. He reached
up to the back of his neck, but couldn't bring himself to touch it. Angels, he
thought, angels. | must remember they are angels.


(HAPTER ONE:
AGAINSC ALL
DEMONS

For everyone practicing evil hates the light and
does not come to the light, lest his deeds should
be revealed.

— John 3:20


God hears me. T have to believe that.

T spent my childhood very much as I am now. Cold. hungry. filthy. and afraid. T grew WP in Paris
with no family. I dodged those who would have sold me into a life of sin — and such men do indeed
ply their trades. regardless of what some nobles would have the people believe. Men do purchase
young boys for perverse pleasures. men with lust in their souls and their bellies and their purses
full. When every need is fulfilled in humanity. that is the beginning of sin. "When a man no longer
needs to work to fill his belly. his mind grows perverse and creates other appetites, or so it has
always seemed to me.

Since joining the Eyes of God. T have learned something of appetites. I have learned what the
damned feed upon. ‘We are their meat and ink. our screams, our pain, and sometimes our Very
living blood. I saw the demons first in Paris, and chance and time brought me later to the attention
of a man called Aignen le Libraire, who praised my ability to survive and ordered that I be educated
and imucted into the Oculi Oei.

Aignen le Libraire. Oamn his eyes. dad he never found me. had my skill in hiding and skulking
not impressed him. I might harbor some hope of living through the night.

He orrered me educated, and that task fell to a priest called Gernard. Father ernard taught
me as though I were taking holy orders, and during that tine T began to believe that God hears me.
T still believe that. despite my current peril. And I know that Bernard believes that as well.

Ais screams testify to that.

Satan s Get

"Ouring my time with Father Bernard. scarcely a day went by that something d® not remind
him of some legend hed been told or horrible tale hed heard in confession. He passed these stories
along to me, and with them his own thoughts on the nature of the Adversary. Father Bernard is a
very learned priest. and while I don't pretend to even a small portion of his knowledge. I flatter
myself that I have a near-perfect memory. I shall recount some of the wisdom he passed along to
me during the course of this writing. If nothing else. the reader will need it as a frame of reference
to umerstand what happened at the monastery

Yes. the monastery. That is as good a place as any to start. Hopefully. these papers will find
their way into the hands of someone capable of Hath them. The Oculi <Oci do not work alone. Other
men and Women who have taken holy office track down Satan's get. but while we merely observe
them. the others taken action. I do so wish that I were one of those capable few. I have no skill at
sworrplay. and no miracles have ever visited themselves upon me. All I can do is remember. and
that is my talent.

Here, then, is my testimony.

The Monastery

Several nights ago. Father ernard and I arrived at the monastery. I shall not write its name
here, not yet. for should I be interrupted before finishing this the consequences might make them-
selves felt on others like myself:

The monastery. Suffice it to say that this "house of God is old and vast. much of
extending uribergroun. Father ‘Bernard said that at one time. the entirety of the building was
above ground. but an earthquake some years ago changed that. I only know that as we appre oached. I
d@ not feel the same sensations that truly holy ground bestows. I have visited churches and cathe-
wals where God made His presence felt, and the result varies from a sense of peace to a welling up
of righteous anger. As the monastery loomed into view and its longest shadows reached out to

overtake what little sunlight remained. I felt only dread.

s structure


Something was waiting for us. One light
burned in the otherwise darkened place. "We har
made no arrangements, merely followed our
usual custom of finding a church or monastery
to sleep. "bernard was nervous as well. but it
was a long. difficult walk back to the last
village we had visited. "We walked to the door
and he knocked

The door opened far too soon. and I thought
again: It was waiting for us. "Out the man who
opened the door gave rest to our fe
back now. I remembering feeling thankful that
0 holy a man would be our host. for the light of
God fairly shone from his eyes. How bitter that
memory now seems! He told us a name, which I

shall not recount here, since it Was obviously a
falsity. "No demon would be cruly known by a
Christian name. I simply think of him as the
Pale brother, and that és the name I shall use
for hin here

The Pale Brother said that he had seen us
coming down the road and had beds prepared
already. "Bernard and I were both a bit taken
aback by this: the road on which we had traveled
wound and curved: at most points, the monastery
had not been visible to us. Had we been wise. we
would have run. but we let our fatigue and the
Pale "brother's charm guide us. That night. we

slept in beds far too comfortable for any monas~
tery

Te was on the following day that the horror
began

= +
The Grounds

The monastery. as I have said. was as much
below ground as above. Id not venture below
ground on that first day. and would to God that
Tnever had at all. Out the monastery grounds
proper held enough to keep me busy

The Pale ‘®rother was nowhere to be found
when Father Bernard and I awoke in the
morning. "We were annoyed to find that the sun
was high in the sky when we left our rooms: no
one had called us for morning prayers. and we
had heard no bells. The first monk that we saw
we questioned, but he scampered away from us
when we approached. Indeed. the entire place
looked rather empty. "We heard no chanting. saw
no one working fields. heard no footsteps — as
we walked those hallways. looking for someone
to answer our questions. we felt alone. "No
truly. we felt deserted. as though everyone and
everything. God included. had fled this place

"Father "Bernard told me then to leave the
monastery and walk the grounds. to ascertain

how large an area it encompassed and whether I

1p

NO .

<i


could see any villages from any point. He would continue searching the interior of the monastery.
he said. and would find the Pale "rother and demand some answers. I agreed. but I shame to admit
that cowarvice drove me. I nearly asked him to accompany me. that we might start out for the
nearest Village and leave this place behind. Idd not suggest this: after all. the Eyes of God should
know no fear.

T walked through a small side door, which shut behind me. The monastery grounds had not seemed
extensive the night before. but walking around them I discovered that they were much larger than a
casual observer might notice. The ground sloped and dipped in od Ways — owing. no doubt. to the
uneven foundation of the place. I could see into the walls through gaps at some points, and saw
monks walking about. but far fewer than T had seen in other such places.

The Strange Monk

Thad walked perhaps halfway around the place when one of the monks hailed me. He, too. Was
outside the walls and looked much healthier than the Pale Brother T had seen the night before. He
greeted me with a ery of "Jubilis!' "When I asked him what I was meant to rejoice. his gave a quick,
dismissive reply that Id not fully hear — something about celebrating Christ's glory. I had the
distinct feeling that he Was expecting some other response. one that I was not privy to. However. 1
was grateful for company. and this fellow seemed amiable, if eccentric.

His name, it turned out, Was Guy. "rother Guy hailed from Toulouse, and he brought with hin
stories of the Crusade against the Cathars. Some of these tales I had heard. but others — including
the one I have transcribed here — were startling and new to me. I wondered if the Oculi "Océ
farther south had heard these stories, and whether or not they were aware how easily the Adver-
sary could infiltrate the hearts and souls of the Christian populace.

T questioned him on other topics. as well. including the strange shape of the monastery (he. like
Father "bernar?. cited an earthquake as the reason) and the Pale "brother. The latter. brother
Guy cold me. dd not emerge from prayer during the day. so great Was his faith. He considered the
day sacrosanct, and refused to eat, Wash, or perform any other worldly function while the sun
shone. I fele my heart sink at this news. for rother Bernard had of ee told me that pallor and
unwillingness co eat in public were often signs of her ey and worse. 1 did not voice these concerns
to ‘brother Guy. however. as I regarded him to be a good man and dd not wish to place him in
danger. As I discovered the following d day. he would not have been the one placed in peril by that
revelation, and I am doubly fortunate that I held my tongue.

Those "Who Serve <Oemons

"God. Father Bernard often said. "has much on dis mind in these troubled times, and so the
task of eradicating Satan's minions falls to us." The good priest went on to explain that the follow-
ers of pagan travesties often call up creatures from ‘the basest regions of Hell in mtcenpess to
placate their "gods." or ensure that their crops flower. or whatever other end their misguided hearts
might conceive. Father "Gernard was quick to draw the distinction between the pagans who were
merely ignorant of Christ's Grace (and could therefore be saved) and those who remained willfully
damned even after the Holy Church had mare God's Truth known to them. Those ser
know the Truth often incorporate elements of our own blessed sacraments into their perverse rites.
damning them as heretics and worse

Reigning in Hell
IT should mention here that servants of demons are not powerless. "While some are indeed Weak-
willed fools who merely cower before what they perceive as a mighty being. the worst that one can
accuse those sops of is Weak faith in Our Lord. They may stand and watch at black ceremonies. but
rarely wield the knives themselves. At the first hint that the "Pope's men are in the area. they
either flee or confess. Father "Gernard once admonished an overly harsh Knight of Acre to tread
lightly around such folks

tants who

— they are often the method by which we can discover true evil.

| Brother Guy s Tale of Flovestés

While in Toulouse. I found myself visiting a small village quite by accident. The priest
there was a heretic. preaching unclean things to his congregation. tlowever, as many of his
flock believed as he did. I could only watch and pray for my own soul.

» The taking of communion was celebrated strangely here. Only once during my stay Was
bread taken; ordinarily, the priest used only wine but allowed the entire congregation to,
dink from the chalice instead of reserving that right for himself: T d® not dvink from the
chalice when he offered it. as I' sensed something wrong with this place and dd not wish to
become party'to it. As it was. I made the-right choice.

| Thad been there slightly more than a fortnight when the sound of horses approaching
woke the village. In the distance, we could see riders carrying fire, and the villagers fell
into blind panic. for they had allheard stories of the dreaded armies of Arnaud Amaury
and how they had razed other hamlets. I borrowed a horse from one of them and rove off in
the direction of the fires. hoping to find who might be leading this, army and save the vil-
lage. This Was not to be. :
Anmaury's armies didnot arrive that night. Instead. a small troop of men and horses —
not nearly enough to march onto a true battlefield — descended upon the village. I moved
away from the road and hid. Cowar a T know, but here I stand today alive. while the
village was burnt to the wT ‘ound and all therein slaughter ed. *,

The attackers? "Knights. and rich. by the looks of their armor. I am not learned on }

heraldrs yy. but their crest was strange. I remember black roses on their shields, and I

remember two of them spoke to each othertin a strange language I had never heard. They |
pulled the priest himself from the church and lashed him to a stake, and as he burned —
which took only moments. I noted — he screamed blasphemies to the sky. His tongue grew
and lashed from his mouth. and from my hiding place I could see it was forked.

The strange knights finished their blooy work and were gone before daybreak. I dared

not follow them. A

However, more favored or greedy servants of demons sometimes wield power of a most profane
sort. Some have augmented strength, and some can suffer grievous wounds before falling. Some even
demonstrate an affinity for the black arts, and T shall discuss these wretches momentarily. The
point. though. is that while a servant of a demon might not be touched by the supernatural in any
ble Way. that by no means makes him helples Salvation might be possible fer such souls, but I
personally rather doubt it. They have made their choices. after all.

Another kind of servant bears mention. however. Some demons and warlocks [azn constructs
of flesh to act as soldiers or guardians for them. Jews. indeed. have long been rumored to animate
stone creatures in orver to obtain Christian children for their rites (I heard as much growing up in
Paris. although Father Gernard stubbornly refuses to accept that this abhorrent custom is still
practiced). These creatures are unpredictable and deadly. but thankfully few beings seem capable of
summoning them up.

To continue. T here recount tales of both willing servants and "noble pagans. as well as the evil
of sorcery and the loathsome magical creatures that such evil begets. The first experience Was my
own. before I ever came to join the Oculi Océ. The second comes from Father Bernard himself: who
heard it from one of our sisters in the Red Order. The third tale, likewise, I heard from Father
"Bernard. which he in turn gleaned from the confession of a leper in Ulbn. The final tale is one T
heard from another of our Order only a few months after joining the fight


——_— Ee

Willing Servants

My story és this: As T have already written, I grew up in Paris. The cathedrals and other
buildings of Paris are perhaps beautiful. but the streets are filthy. I survived as best I could. but I
d& so on sin. stealing Whatever I could and trading it to whomever would give me food or coin. 1d
not sell my body. though I was asked on many occasions and once even threatened at point of sword
to submit to such a violation (my escape. while an exciting tale. is not relevant to this document).
Only once did T ever even consider the act of lust as a means of survival. and it Was on that
evening that I encountered a group of thralls in service to some unknowable creature from beyond
God's Sight.

Thad been spending time often with a man of my age named "Vincent. "Vincent, like me. Was a
poor bastard and made his meager living on the streets. Unlike me. however. circumstances had
driven him to desperation .and he had begun to take "clients" in return for food or money. I often
tried to counsel him to practice the more dignified (and somewhat safer) art of filching. but the
despicable submission to the lusts of men had become a kind of penance for him, each act of pair and
sin becoming as a cleansing punishment for the last. And chen a full week went by and 1 d& not see
him. On the streets. such absence usually means that the unfortunate has been caught and hanged or
simply murdered and buried in a common grave, so I went to church to pray for "Vincent's soul.
Imagine my surprise when he sat own next to me.

I suppose I looked like a corpse myself. Thad not. as I recall. eaten in more than three days and
had a cough that Srove me to my knees if I tried to walk any faster than a brisk amble — not a
good situation for a street thief. When "Vincent sat down. he looked better than ever Td seen him.
He was rosy-cheeked and plump. his hands even and his nails clean. T asked where he had been and
told hin Thad given him up for dead. He told me that the contrary was true: he had been reborn and
wished me to come with him. He said that he had a master now. someone who would take care of.
him and feed him. Always suspicious. I asked the price of this newfound health. He told me that I
knew the price very well. and asked me which I would prefer — submission to a man and living in
warmth or dying in pain on the streets with my soul intact. I know the correct answer now. but
then. the prospect of death terrified me. I went with him that night.

The place to which he orovgic me Was a tanner's, and I saw a guild symbol above the door. tHe
knocked in a certain rhythm, and after an answering knock. he entered. I followed. and immediately
upon entering the room. all my fear vanished. I felt comforted an lulled. and the hunger: in my gut
and the pain in my throat from the cough faded. All around me I smelled sweetbreads cooking (which
was then and remains my favorite food). Someone lit a candle and I saw that we were not alone.
Some ten or twelve young boys. none older than myself or "Vincent, lounged about the room in
Various stages of undress. Among them were men wearing od een hoods apparently made of
leather — and little else. We had walked into an orgy of sorts. and I have neither the ink sor the
stomach to recount the things I saw. Suffice to say that had good "King Louis ever heard word of
these depravities. all involved would have been hanging by their necks when the sun next touched
their bodies.

I was shocked. to be sure. but at the same time the room still felt sept ont aule, T turned and
looked out the still-open door and saw nothing but cold and misery. and I let the man behind me close
it. shutting me into the warmth and sweet smells. A man wearing only a hood and a tanner's apron
approached and took Vincent by the shoulder and led him to a corner, and there pushed him too his
knees. I stood and watched. the horrible queasiness in my stomach fading quickly.

Td not take part in these blasphemies. My only sin was watching them happen. and believe me
when I say that I have paid for that crime on many a sleepless night since. The worst of it. if the
reader will permit me to exorcise my demons to paper. Was the expressions the boys wore. T hey %
not look to be in pain. but neither did they seem to enjoy the attentions of their" benefactors."
Instead. they looked resigned and lulled. Indeed. they had given themselves over to the comforts of
the body. paid their price in flesh. and so their undernourished souls had no will to resist.


As I watched, the man in the apron, having
slaked his lust with "Vincent. took him by the
shoulder and led him through a door into another
room. I followed and watched from the doorway
as hands from writhing bodies pawed at my legs
and back. The man bade "Vincent lay on a table
streaked with blood. which he dd. The man tied
him Sown with scrips of leather and I be.
wonder: If this place was truly a tanne
dT smell no manure or rotting flesh?

gan to
. Why

As the man in the apron took a sharpened
knife from a holster on the wall. I found myself"
guessing at the answer to that question, though
T cried with all my might to leave it unresolved.

The man raised the knife . but "Vincent only
remained quiet and compliant. The man began to
chant. and though 1 d® not understand Latin at
the time. I have since learned it and know that
the man spoke to a being he called "Cyphiael the
layer. I remember enough of his chant — "A
you demand. I take this boy's skin and deliver
unto you his flesh, blood and bone, having depos-
ited within him my seed that you may find his

meat corrupted and sweetened' — to guess what
the object of the ritual Was. And just before T
ing that
. a scent

ran. I smelled a curious scent overpowe

of sweetbreads. rising up from nowher
of wood smoke and bile

As Iran. fear alone keeping my illness
from viving me to my knees. T heard sounds like
a great dog chewing at a bone. The men, mostly
nude, dared not chase me. I later told this story
to Aignen le Libraire. but I have no dea
whether the tanner's shop still stands. That is
my story. of those who serve demons not a
quarter-mile from the Salvation of the Church.

Servants such as these are not dangerous to
determined inquisitors. Any of our orvers. Eyes
of God included. can roust them from their hives

if we know when and where to strike. However.
because they commit crimes against common as
well as canon law. imply alerting the town
magistrate or ruling noble is an equally effec-
s. The

ealous

tive Way to dispose of such creatur
caution there is that a particularly
judge may simply condemn all involved. and not
make an attempt to exact confessions or save
the souls of those who might wish confession.
Sometimes, execution is indeed the only recourse.
but more often than not. as Ive stated. many
such "willing servants are actually good souls

who have lost their faith. and deserve one final


chance to reclaim it. Tf they do not take that chance, of course. sending them screaming into the
fires of tell is the only option.

Warlocks

Sister Anna is a ‘Red Sister at the St. Sixtus Convent in Rome. She met with Father ®er-
nard when last he ventured there. and told him of another visitor whom they had entertained. The
visitor, she said. came in the guise of a priest, and asked for shelter during a violent storm. They
granted him a bed. naturally. and most of the Sisters thought nothing of ét.

Sister Anna had misgivings. though. or so she reported to Father ernard. She crept near his
door late at night, unable to sleep for "strange dreams that seemed to be Warnings more than mere
fancies." Listening. she heard hin chanting and thought for a moment he Was praying. And then.
through a crack in the door, she saw his true activity. and. according to Father "Bernard. she made
the sign of the Cross even when recounting the tale.

The priest knelt in front of his bed. on which he had opened a length of cloth. On the cloth were
what looked like holy relics of some sort — bones of a saint. perhaps — although Sister Anna had
no way to know for certain. What terrified her, however, was that each of these items glowed
with an odd. white light. Some might have mistaken this for a miracle. but Sister Anna felt no
presence of God therein. ‘What she felt was that this "priest" was bewitching useless trinkets to
sell. there in ‘Rome.

Fearing for her life. Anna d® nothing. and the next day the priest left before Anna could tell
anyone her suspicions. "While this tale és not as shocking as mine, to be sure, consider What it
implies: Somewhere in or aroun' Rome travels a warlock, a samnable sorcerer, Sessed in the frock
of a priest and carrying false relics. How he somehow managed to sleep on Holy Ground I do not
know.

The reader, should he choose to pursue warlocks, will find that very little about them makes
perfect sense. Father ‘Gernar®. in speaking with members of the ‘Red Order (apart from addsled
nuns) and the douse of Murnau has heard tales of such damned souls sacrificing their own blood
and the blood of others to unseen forces to call Xown their spells. The simplest trinket in the hands
of a witch or warlock can kill or maim a healthy man. Indeed. tales arrive from ‘Riga of barbaric
pagans who summon up blizzards and monstrous wolves from the very mountain air.

All in all. the methodology behind this "magic" matters little. Satan simply chooses a pattern
that seems familiar to the would-be sorcerer and grants that sorcerer whatever "spells" he might
wish to know. The truth. of course. és that all such power is infernal in origin. Never be tempted
to "apprentice" under such a being. nor to hear his hypotheses on magic or faith or God. The ‘Red
Onrer reportedly does so (the reader must forgive me for writing this) but their number houses
more heretics than a village in Albi.

The true danger in such beings is that they are in prime position to seduce others. Consider:
They can apparently call on their powers at will. allowing them to deliver proof that their damned
way grants succor and fulfillment. whereas the True Path must be taken on faith. Many weak-
willed souls might abandon the Savior for a chance to fly about at night or summon up fire from
their hands, and if the price is merely winking the boiled fat of a child. so what it? God will show
His justice in His own tine. but until that time. it falls to us to protect the flock from those who
might tempt them.

How. then. to best combat such creatures? Although their tell-spawned powers can seem
strange and horrifying. remember that they are mortal. Steel, iron, and weed have much the same
effect on warlocks as they would on you or me. Likewise. many (though obviously not alD cannot
enter Holy Ground. and since entifying such beings is problematic. leading them to church can force
a warlock to reveal his hand. As with any creature of darkness. however. warlocks should never be
hunced by a lone Inquisitor. "Warlocks may attract followers. and even if none of those hapless
fools know a bit about magic. if each one carries a knife, it Won't matter.


Magical Constructs

Father "Bernard once went on Crusade, but never reached the tHoly Land. The Crusade that he
accompanied Was halted by plague. specifically a horrific illness called the "Gulbous Death " That
plague seemed linited to the Holy Roman Empire. and while Emperor Frederick turned back and
the Crusade Was postponed. Father ‘Bernard stayed to hear confession from some of the dying. One
such Was a man who had lived in "Vienna. but fled the city after witnessing what he believed to be a
sign of the Apocalypse. He wandered for a time. but then fell victim to the ulbous Ocath and
met his end shortly after Father Bernard heard his story.

In ‘Vienna. the man said. are sorcerers of the worst kind. tle was a farmer who brought his
goods into the city to sell. and one day a storm prevented him from reaching the city until after
dark. He found hinetl of the road next to a man from the lands of "Ouke Konrad. who wore the
garb of a knight and helped the farmer keep control of his horses on the muy ground.

The farmer asked the man why he traveled so late. and the man replied that he often traveled
by night so as to draw bandits out of hiding. "Gandits. he said. were the worst kind of scum, and in
his native lands they were punished most harshly. As an honorable knight and servant of God. he
wished to visit God's wrath upon such sinners. The farmer was impressed and a bit taken aback by
the man's zeal, and asked his business in "Vienna.

"In Vienna. replied the knight. "is a hive of blasphemers who are not only bandits but sorcerers
as well. T shall root them out and destroy them, and burn their remains in the town square so that
all wall know what evil the town has hid. The farmer. again. was frightened and disturbed by this.
but dd not admit as much. When they entered the city. he never expected to see the knight again.
but he d#.

The farmer slept in his cart while in the city. and when his goods were gone decided to start
back the next morning. He was awakened that night. however. by a sound he described as something
like an owl ser eeching and a hound baying all together. He looked out from his cart and saw the
knight stumbling from a house. The knight had clearly been o1 battle and carried three severed heads
in one hand and a bloodied sword in the other. dtowever. he was not unscathed. His armor bore holes
as though some great beast had slashed it open. his raiment was charred as though burnt, and sev-
eral arrows protruded from his back. dle strode from the house unevenly and the farmer was about
to call out to him when the creature — a great beast that the farmer had thought to be a mere
statue on the building — leapt on se of the knight. Ite ripped the sword from his hand and tore his
chest open with gruesome talons, and still the knight fought on. He battled the creature with the
force of God — so hard. reported the farmer. that the beast's flesh rippled like water when the
knight's fists struck. In the end. however. the knight could not prevail. The beast tore his heart
from his chest and sprang like a great cat back to the house from which it came, carrying the
knight's corpse in its claws.

The farmer fled. and his fate I have already recounted. I have no dea what master the Beast
of ‘Vienna might serve, only that one might find allies against it in Masovia.

Misled Te agans

The tale I heard from an Eye of God called Brian, however. has a much-different ending, and
recounting it may serve to lighten my heart. T hope it does. for my wrist is pained with writing and
my ink runs nearly dry. Tomorrow I shall have to find alternate means of writing. I think. For
now, however. know that "brian was an Eye like myself: and like me. wr ew up wanting and hungry.
He. however. grew up on the streets of London. "When he joined our orrer, he returned to England
and traveled ~ "Beyond the Pale," ararare y to the island of Ireland where the natives are savage
and hungry and many have made dark pacts with forces beyond the ken of good Christians. On his
travels. he came upon a village of such people.

The village. he told me. held not more than three score souls. They farmed what they could and
herded cattle. but 3 well and rarely wanted for anything. However. although the True Church had
reached villages in all directions, this particular hamlet remained entirely heathen. "brian found no
village church there, and none of them could recite the Ten Commandments or say even simple


prayers. Indeed. only those villagers that ventured to trade with others even knew of Christianity.
"brian. in horror for these people's souls, attempted to teach them.

He found them fairly receptive. and for a full week, taught all who would listen. rian, as Ive
said. és not a priest, but as an inquisitor knew enough to set these people on the right road. He also
planned to send a priest to the village to perform the sacraments for these ignorant souls as soon
as possible. for every unfortunate villager who died without knowing Christ's grace was surely
bound for Hell. He had planned to stay for a month and then set out for another village to recruit
a holy officer. As it turned out. it was well that he stayed as long as he dd.

"by the end of the first week, a man he had taken under his wing Was enthusiastic about his
impending baptism and even requested to travel along with Brian to fetch a holy father. One
evening — a full moon, "brian recalled — they stayed up late into the night talking of Christ's death
and resurrection, and the villager mentioned that his people believed in a similar phenomenon with
regards to their "goddess." a being called Aoife. When rian questioned him on this, he replied that
Aoife came to the village sometimes in the guise of a beautiful. naked woman, clad only in runes
scripted in blood upon her body. "While there. she would demand a hideous inversion of Christ's
Sacrifice — whereas the Lamb of God gave of himself for our Salvation, this woman would require
aman from the village to give himself up for her continued survival (See how the agents of Satan
corrupt our own Gospel for their own purposes!). The villager said that the woman had not been
seen in his lifetime. and Brian guessed that she was merely a fable of time gone by. "With that.
they went to sleep, intent on continuing the Mscussion in the morning.

‘When "brian found the man's bloodless body. broken in a thorn-bush nearly a half-mile from
where they had spoken the night before. he knew that this "bloodied woman" was no mere tale. These
people were not merely ignorant. they were enslaved. even if they knew it not. As rian, like me.
was not a warrior, nor did he carry any sacred relics. he ordered the man's body be kept in state
until he returned with a ait "When he returned. four days later, with a very frightened young
father with him, he discovered that the bloodied woman had returned — but that the villagers had
risen up against her.

ee) ian s words, it seems, had taken root di the village | and when the woman had returned. they
attacked. Hav ving no true weapons. they used torches and farming implements. but these provi
enough (here I shou note that iron anv steel often bite deep of such forest-dwelling creatures. but
more on this later? shou I find a source of "ink They drove the woman deep into the ere st. but
upon the rising of cheliswn. she seemed to vanish. Each night since. the villagers had posted guards
but the woman dd nstyeturn.

The priest blesse¥ the murdered villager's remains and buried hin as a true Christian. Each of
the other villagers wate baptized and Saved. and before "rian left che priest promised that he \
make sure that the Bugch sent « father to minister to the village. rian, of course. had some

ifluence wichin the Church as well. and | confident that a new chapel is currently being bi
there. The bloodied Womanawhatever she (or it) eruly was, has no po God's Fait!
So much cime and ink gene, and sell che crue crux of my tale és untold. "ue enonah for s

Gord willing, ¢ ill c@ntinue

The Swamp

T have found an alternate source of ink. Let us leave it at that. for now.

"Before my tangential ramblings. I was describing that first day on the grounds. I shall continue
with that description now. Recall that "brother Guy and I were walking together, and that we
eventually came to the north side of the monastery.

The earth on that side of the monastery sloped away into a bog. I dared not approach, having no
wish to become stuck in the treacherous ground. "brother Guy told me of legends he had heard. which
made me in turn think of beings that Father "Bernard had described to me at other times. I will
again recount Guys horrible tale. but I will first break my narrative to write of other creatures
of which Father Bernard spoke. T have no need to rush tonight. T think, and ink és no longer a
concern, God forgive me.

"Demons of Flesh

Father bernard held the belief that flesh was easier for demons to corrupt than spirit. He
asserted to me once that while a man had to give his permission to become a blood-drinking horror.
creatures such as were-wolves and the monstrous, misshapen beasts eee swamps and forests
were simply hapless souls who ventured too close to unclean places and found their very bodies
forfeit. He called these beings "Ocemons of Flesh" and lamented that destruction was often neces~
sary — redemption Was w rel beyond these creatures. "Pity them if you wish." he told me not two
nights before we arrived at the monastery. "but never trust them nor show them mercy. Like mad
dogs. they will cake hesitation as opportunity and spread their poison to you.

Oculé "Océ and others of the Faith study bestiaries and tales of fancy looking for representa-
tions of demonic beings. but the truest and most reliable source of descriptions for ‘Demons of Flesh
has been the tales of the peasantry. "While some of our most scholarly orders find their members in
nobility. we should never discount the wistom such people can provide. They. after all. live in clos:
proximity to demons that would never dare approach churches or cities. Thus, the peasants and serf
who work the lands for their lords fall prey most commonly to these creatures. When I hear of
rebellion in distant lands, I often wonder: Od the noble lord protect his charges from Satan's Get?
"Did he even try?

"Brother Guy's Tale of the Swamp

T saw the creature with my own eyes, but understand that I never saw it in the light. Oy day i
might look like a man. or some other natural thing, but by night it wore what I am sure was its true
form: 4

One of the rionks here was an ed balist and grew Various sorts of plants in his garden. ranging
from mushrooms that we added to our Minners to grasses that we chewed to alleviate stomach pain.
One night, that monk and I ventured to the swamp to find a particular root. which he told me was
meant to be used for a salve for burns.

Once there. however. he showed me something quite different. "We had walked a good dNistance from
the monastery. and he pointed to a peculiar flowertig bush. Te looked like no plant I had ever seen, and
the ground around it had been meticulously kept clear of weeds and invading plants. I noticed. too. that
while bark ion nearby trees had been stripped away by browsing deer and goats, this plant's leaves
were large and full. Incriqued Lasked the monk what manner of flower this was.

is demeanor changed and he beckoned me close as though making ready to tell me a terrible secret.
"This. he said. "és bloodroot. Ie és a flower that grows only i1 Theria. but T have managed to raise it~
here. Look there. and at this he pointed at the blood-red veins in the white flower's blossom. "that és
the'reason T have taken such great pains to grow the flower. The root of this plant. properly prepared.
can C

He di) not finish. for at that moment a deerfly dove éito his mouth and he-fell backwards. choking.
When he stood again. he was tnad with fear. his eyes darting about the darkened wood. looking for some
unknown enemy. Idd not approach hin. but tried to soothe him, telling hin that it was only an insect,
but he backed away from me. He satd something before his back touched the trees behind him, but his
mouth smarted from the sting of the fly. I imagine. and whatever he said dd not come clear. Something
about "poison" and "blogd. I chink.

"When his back reached the erees behind hin, he seemed to realize he had gone too far and turn his
back on me. The demon made itself known at that moment: as though it har only been waiting for the
poor monk to see it and thereby savor-his fear. The creature was a brackish green color, and taller by
half than any man T have ever seen, It had four arms — T saw it with my own eyes! — each of which *
emed in hideous claws. and its hide looked much akin to the shell of a beetle. It reached out and seized
the monk. and ew him into the forest where T-could not see. I must say 1 am thankful for chat. for
although he d® not seream long. the sounds his body made while ale demon feasted left no Soubt in my
mom that I would never see the poor herbalist again. +

The flower? The next day. under the high noon sun. I returned to that spot. T found no trace of
the monk. nor the Semon. nor indeed the bloorroot are T found only blood and upturned earth, and have
never spoken of any of it until now. ~


"Werewolves
Many of the legends T hear of

England and my

shapechanging beasts come from
native lands. Ido not know why this is: wolves
hunt in every forest and mountain in
Christendom. to my knowledge. Perhaps the
monsters of Hungary and Poland and simply
more circumspect, or perhaps the evil infection
that creates them has simply not spread any
farther east than the Elbe. "No matter

T have never seen a werewolf, and neither

has Father "Bernard. He. however. once heard
the confession of a hysterical peasant who was

convinced that she Was damned as a monster.

The good priest. reasoning that since the Woman
is now dead he was breaking no vow to tell me
of her words. told me the story

The woman came to him as he left a small
town at the base of the Pyrenees Mountains
He had already gathered his meager belongings
and Was setting off down the road. but she

caught up with him and begged him to hear her

confession. "Never one to refuse a soul in need

Father ernard started back to the church, but

oiled. "I can no longer enter holy ground

Father. she said. "for I am damned

she rec

‘Now worried that the girl might be either

or mad. Father Bernard agreed to
hear her confession outside of the church. but no
farther than the entrance to the churchyard

She agreed. and confessed her sins

She was guilty of the sin of sloth, she said.

and often wandered away from her chores to eat
berries on the slopes of the mountain. The night
before. she said. her mother told her that a lamb
was missing and that she should find it. She
looked for the animal at first, but soon fell
asleep beneath an overhanging rock

She awoke to snarls and howls. Surrounding
the rock were five wolves. black and monstrous
things. she said. one bigger than the family's
horse! She ran. but the wolves leapt from the
rock and forced her up the mountain. She tried
several times to escape their harrying. but each
time one would dart in and snap at her legs
Finally, exhausted. she collapsed, and the largest
wolf sprang. Out instead of succumbing to fear.
she told Father Bernard. she committed another
sin and gave in to wrath. The anger she felt
was indescribable and horrid, as though she could
kill and eat everyone in her village to fill the
burning pit left by the rage. As the wolf landed

on her, she embraced that wrath. rather than giving herself over to God. and as the wolf's jaws
closed home. she too became a wolf:

She shamefully recounted the rest of the evening, so far as she remembered. The wolves had
their own guttural tongue that she somehow knew, and they told her of her place among the so-
called "Lords of Shadows." She endured their blasphemy. in which they asserted that the moon Was in
truth a powerful goddess and that she created the worl': the stories of Creation in Genesis and the
Gospels of the Lord were naught but a myth. For an entire night. running as a wolf. naked under
the moon. she absorbed these lies. She managed to escape just before daybreak, and somehow regained
her human skin upon reaching the village.

"Father ernard never told me how she died. only that he saw it happen. tHe is a gentle soul.
and I dvoubt capable of violence even against such an affront to God. and so Im sure he dd not end
her life himself: However, he d® learn more about werewolves from some source. God willing. I can
ask him again someday what his source was. but for now I can only recount what he told me.

However it was that this girl-beast died. Father Bernard asserts that killing such a monster
és no simple matter. Sword and arrow wounds do not even slow such creatures. much less kill them
"For all that. werewolves are not immortal. nor are they impervious to all harm. Fire. the great
purifier, will Svive them off like common animals. and precious silver. provided it has been blessed by
a priest of the Church, renders them pained and crippled. Arrowheads made of silver are difficult to
fashion, but it can be done by a skilled silversmith.

Those who would hunt werewolves should beware, though. They are hellishly fast and strong, and
what's worse. they travel in packs like the beasts from which they descend. Many, Father Bernard
asserts. can Vanish into shadows and reappear even stronger than before — no doubt Wawing power
from the darkness that spawned them. And. as they can appear as men. they can easily wield the
same sorts of Weapons that men can, meaning a Werewolf might be a skilled swordsman as well as
vicious beast. However. to the trained eye. they cannot hide among the mortal flock. for their eye-
brows grow together and their second and third fingers are always the same length. Also. the eyes
are a curious almond shape and when presented with fresh meat of any kind. a werewolf will pant.
not matter the form he currently wears. Other signs appear infrequently as well — I have heard
reports ofa pentagram appeariig int blood on the paln of a werewolf during the full moon. but
Father "Bernard could not confirm this when I asked him about it.

Perhaps their most insidious trait. however. is their ability to breed with humanity. Ido not
know what power such a child might possess. but Ido know that pagan peoples are especially suscep-
tible to a werewolf's advances. After all. pagans have no higher code of behavior to guide them and
no way to bless the silver that might save them (even if the poor wretches had access to it).
"Werewolves can therefore quite easily dominate entire settlements of heathens. And that means
that in any remote village that one might chance to visit. any or all of the villagers might actually
be werewolves. merely hiding until their godess. the moon. shines down upon them before they strike

A Christian bitten by a werewolf might find himself overcome by bestial urges. chiefly feelings
of lust and wrath. when the moon grows fat. The herb called wolfsbane. made into a poultice and
applied to the wound. might calm these feelings. However. a man thus injured should be guarded at
all cimes by stout men armed with blessed silver blades. Women thus bitten should be blessed and
then dispatched. as they are naturally too Weak to resist the urgings levied by the werewolf's bite.

Hideous as the notion might be that a single bite from such a demon might convey the curse.
these near-mindless saVages are inferior to another breed of werewolf "Brian, the Eye I mentioned
before. told me another tale of the "british Isles. but only after he was in his cups. The thing he
saw frightened him so that he could not recall it with his wits about him. and indeed when I ques-
tioned him the following morning he could not remember telling me the story at all. and refused to
discuss it.

After the village of which I wrote before. rian continued on through the Irish lands to see
what else needed his attention. "When he arrived at a small village more than a fortnight's travel
from the one plagued by the bloodied woman. he counted himself very lucky. The townsfolk were


ell ie i a ta

——

ae =. °"@€ ~—h

3
;

Christian, and offered hospitality that he could not fault. He remained there for nearly a week. but
saw nothing of concern, and therefore prepared to leave.

That night. he said. Was a "silver moon', but I believe he meant "sliver" (as T said. he was not
entirely sober when he cold the story to me). tHe left the cottage where a family had given him
lodging to answer nature's call. and saw a man standing on a hilltop nearby, framed by moonlight.
ven though he saw only the man's silhouette. he was immediately taken with fear that this
stranger meant ill towards the village. As rian watched, the man raised his arms to the sky and
spoke, although the Eye was much too far away to determine What Was being said.

The man began to dance, and brian felt that he was witness to some pagan ritual. As he
moved to wake the village priest. the stranger on the hilltop changed. "Where before a man had
stood. now a great beast. massive and barrel-chested and with the head of a wolf: now threw its
head back and howled. Brian said a fear took hin like nothing hed ever felt, and he raced back to his
bed and hid there until morning, whereupon he awoke and counted the whole incident as a dream.
Indeed. the morning after he told me the story. he maintained that it had been only a dream. I am
not so sure.

T believe what he saw was a werewolf: but not nearly the same simple creature that confessed
to Father "bernard. I believe the demon "Brian saw was a warlock of some kind. who had sold h
soul specifically for the power to change into that blasphemous hybrid of wolf and man. Satan, after
all, cannot create (as only God can do that) but can change and grant the ability to change. God
alone knows what other powers such a being might possess. but changing shape is almost certainly
not the extent of it.

"brian assured me that the village still stands. I pretended to be assuaged. but truly. "brian has
no way to know.

rotesques and Monsters

The word werewolf" és recognizable to peasants and nobles alike across the land. as indeed are
stories of "witch, "sorcerer, and ‘ghost. "Out what of creatures like the one "brother Guy described
in his tale of the swamp? ‘What of monsters and demons newly spat from the pits of Hell. who
have not learned to disguise their natural form by wearing the flesh of a man?

Such things exist. I promise you. They do not lurk in cities often, but are often wawn to bories
of water large enough to hide their misshapen bodies. "brian relates folk tales from Scotland and the
beasts that lurk in the Lochs, but asserted he had never seen such a creature. Tales from "Venice
speak of slimy. half-human mockeries that slither up from the canals and feast on bodies interred in
San Michele. Sailors, of course, spin yarns of monstrous sea serpents and devil fish that can crush
ships in their jaws. And nearly every village has a monster in the nearby Woods. ready to snatch
up naughty children.

Most of these tales are false. Im sure. Out enough of them are true that any soldier of God
should be wary. Tf you hear such a tale, ask the teller if he has ever seen the beast. If so. ask to
hear the story and make sure he understands that God is listening through you. Inform him that
lives might be lost (or saved) by the veracity of his words. Most times, the storyteller will recant
and admit that the yarn és only that. and then you may breathe a sigh of relief and assure him that
no harm has been done. "but if the narrator holds fast to his words. then you must seek out the
beast.

Listing off the possible creatures one might hear of és futile. What you must remember, should
you need bo seek out a monster. is that iron and steel often bite such creatures quite deeply. They
are minor demons. Vicious but ultimately stupid creatures birthed. perhaps. by some sodsen wench
who lay with an incubus in return for an extra year of youth. They have no plans or desires apart
from hunger, and a careful inquisitor can follow their rails easily enough. Peasants and even
knights. provided you can convince them of the beast's existence. will often take up arms against a
creature such as this. Just remember that in raising a hunting party. you assume responsibility for
the lives of those who join it. Tread carefully: the hunt should end with a celebration, not a wake.


As Tread back over what T have written thus far, 1 realize that my narrative is lacking.
While the reader no doubt has learned much of our foes (and God grant that it might be useful), he
has learned nothing more of the monastery and of "brother Guy. whom I have said Was a traitor. I
have more to say on the subject of Lucifer's minions. but let me come to that by way of relating my
experiences at that damned monastery.

"brother Guy and I continued our walk around the grounds. The conversation. after his tale of
the beast in the swamp, became more civil and we spoke of events in Rome and other, mundane
things. As we rounded a corner, we walked into full sunlight. and I fele cheered again, As we
walked along the outer wall. I saw the front gate that Father "Bernard and I had entered the night

> reminded of the Pale "Grother. In the full light of day. the memory d® not seem so

before and wa
threatening. I remarked to "brother Guy that by day. the monastery seemed much warmer and
friendlier, even more devoted to its purpose as a house of God. He smiled and said that while living
there took some getting used to. he wouldn't leave for the worl.

"We entered through the main gate and I immediately set out to find Father Bernard. that I
could tell him of the strange tales that rother Guy had cold me. I could not find him. brother
Guy and T began searching and calling for him, and for the rest of the afternoon. I learned the
twists and turns of that monastery.

Thave said before that memory is my talent, and I thank God for it. I remember every corner
in that cursed place. every twist of every corridor I saw. and it has served me well. As we wan-
dered throughout the building. We saw other monks, but never close to us. "We would see a brother
enter a room down a long hallway. or hear one walking on the floor above us. but never did one
actually cross our paths. 13 not bother to question "brother Guy on this. as I was too intent on
finding Father ®ernar.

The Catacombs

As we searched. I attempted to keep myself oriented as to our direction relative to the grounds
outside: more specifically. I tried to reckon where we were in relation to the sawatty This proved
futile. however. The inside of the monastery bore so little resemblance to the outside that they
might ax well have been two aT ent places entirely. Indeed. 1d not realize we were underground
until I fele the air grow cold and damp. Brother Guy, who had wandered off i1 the other direction.
returned with a lantern and we ventured deeper. His cheery Semeanor had curdled a bit: he was now
clearly afraid. although why a monk would be afraid in his own monastery was beyond me at the
time.

"We continued further unerground. the air growing colder and the stones covered in an odd. gray
moss that crumbled to dust when touched. Rats watched us curiously. and occasionally one grew bold
enough to run up one of our robes. Rats do not Fighter me, but "brother Guy seemed horrified by
them. and finally laid his hand on my shoulder and cold me that we could not go on. I answered that
since it Was unlikely that Father "bernard was down in these catacombs anyway. there was no
point in us continuing,

When I said that. a look flickered across Guy's face for an instant. It was a momentary wince.
a look of dread or fear, but I knew that it was i1 response to my statement about Father Bernar>.
Equally. I knew that it was entirely possible that my mentor was indeed somewhere in these halls,
and that I had to find him. I turned and set off down the dank corridor, and Grother Guy follower.

"We came in moments to a erypt. and Brother Guy refused to enter. A great stone casket sat
in the center of the room, and without the lantern close by. I could not read the faded inscription.
However, even in the din light, I was able to discern details that chilled me to the bone

T saw scratches on the stone, chunks gouged from the casket. and I quickly realized the reason
why. That casket was no resting place for a dead monk, but a bed for someone — something — that

rose every t. opening the d therefore wearing away at the stone. I had heard stories of

such creatures as t

I must get more ink. Damn my eyes. I must do it again

,

7
.
.

all

, tt i ie

5

The Crypt

T again have in

resign myself. Im

"Brother Guy and I were in the catacombs of the monastery, in a erypt which
was, in truth. the resting place of some unclean thing from Hell. I knew that I could not remain. but
Grother Guy's horror convinced me that he was yet untainted. How wrong I was. As I learned

later. he was not afra® for his soul. but merely terrified of displeasing his master.

Thave written before of servants of demons, but Brother Guy és (or rather, was) a special case.
T mentioned that I would write more of Satan's armies, and if the reader will pardon my departure
from narrative for just a moment. I wish to commit to paper what I know about some of worst
mockeries of humanity on God's Earth. The dead do indeed rise. but with no assistance from God —
they rise, horribly. of their own accord. hungry for own flesh and blood. Father Gernard called such

creatures "undead, and Iam sure that Brother Guy served such a being.

The "Undead

s horrifying as werewolves surely are. they are not the most frightening creatures that we
face. The truly terrifying fiends are those that have somehow escaped their covenant of flesh and
continue to walk the earth even after their bodies die. Father Bernard and brother Guy both knew
much of these creatures. but "brother Guy's revelations on the subject will come later in this writ-
ing. What Father ®ernard told me. however. I wish to recount here.

The undead. Father Bernard explained. need some form of sustenance to fuel their continued
existence. Some eat of human flesh, which naturally kills those on whom they feed. Horribly. some
undead — the most human-looking of them — feed on the blood of the living. dlowever. these walking
leeches can somehow generate a feeling of pleasure in those unfortunates whose blood they imbibe. so
that when the blood is Svained the victim feels only a euphoric haze. Father Bernard asserted that
these creatures maintain secrecy in large part thanks to this effect — when the feelings of pleasure
fave. the victim either forgets the experience or yearns for it again, allowing the corpse to return
when the victim has regained his strength. Entire districts or villages may therefore fall under the
dominion of such creatures. as the citizens therein all live. toil. and pray only for the bliss that the
creature's bite can bring. Of course, the creature is under no obligation to let his "meals" live. and so
even the Eyes have no way of knowing how many good Christians die under their fangs each night.

‘Rodrigue de "Navarre himself battled the undead in Iberia, and reports that their Hell-borne
gifts are many and varied. Chief among these gifts is the ability to shrug off wounds caused by steel.
Arrows and swords, he says. are all but useless. This makes sense. as what could such wounds truly

mean to one already dead?

Besides unnatural toughness. the undead are also stronger than their frames would indicate.
Aignen le Libratre reports that a truly horrifying creature once assaulted him — while it was
clearly an undead mockery of a person, it wore the shape oh girl-child. And yet. four stout men were
required to hold the creature sown while Aignen performed the last rites for it. and even then it
escaped by tearing off the arm of one of the wilen tunate men. The creature was also preternatu-
rally quick, as Aignen discovered when he tried to ride it down after it fled the scene. and it outran
his horse. He reports. however. that the creature could not maintain these speeds indefinitely: when
it reached the river's edge. it stood there confused and he was able to impale and destroy it.

"Father "Bernard believes that the more blood such a creature ingests. the more powerful it
becomes. tHe also believes that impressive displays of strength. such as those that the girl-creature
exhibited. vive the undead to feed more quickly. Ie may be that such beings actually ‘starve' if
deprived of blood for too long, but testing this kind of assertion és of course difficult. Tf it has been
attempted. I am not privy to the results.

"Whatever the case. some among our number have stated that the undead do not age, and will in
fact continue to hunt Clive' is decidedly the wrong word) until Judgment Oay. This is not true.


however, as I can attest to the bodies of such creatures changing over time. The progression of
their corpus is as follows.

First. the creature dies. This can happen. obviously, at any time during a person's life. and so an
undead child and an undead adult might actually be comparable in strength. Since these mockeries do
not seem to form from deaths that destroy the body — burnings. for example — it would seem that
the boy must be intact in orver for the blasphemous ‘resurrection to take place. Immediately after
rising from death, the creature és indistinguishable from the way it looked in life. Te's heart still
beats. and it's need for blood is slight. It possesses the strength and ferocity typical of such crea-
tures. but in much smaller measure than it will in years to come. These creatures often serve more
powerful masters. even demons or witches, much as young wolves stay close to their mothers until
they learn to hunt.

In a matter of time. perhaps years, perhaps decades. the undead truly dies. This is the stage in
which they are the most active, and the easiest to notice and destroy. The change is marked by a
dseince pallor. Also. the unclean thing can no longer eat or drink true food. and relies entirely upon
living blood for its sustenance. It's physical prowess improves. and reports from the lands of the
Sword ‘brothers far east of here state that such creatures can bring terrible other effects to bear
as well. calling up aid from wolves and bats, and even foreing their wills on those around them.
These creatures are deadly. but yet as Vulnerable to fire as any heretic. In fact. the very sight of
fire causes them to [lee in terror. Happily. they also gain a new weakness — sunlight. The light of
day repulses and burns these creatures of darkness. and any of us who hunt the undead should take
pains to do so by day only.

Tf the undead beast manages to survive for much longer (and again. exactly how much longer és a
matter of speculation) the infection may reach its final stage. IT actually had the misfortune to see
a creature thus afflicted. and a piteous sight it was.

Father ernard and I stopped in Tours, and while he slept. I walked through the streets.
Although T ventured out at night. I was unafraid — as a street urchin in Paris. the darkened.
empty streets had comforted me. This night. I became aware of a low moaning sound emanating from
a nearby chapel. Carefully. I followed the sound. Rounding a corner. I saw what I thought to be a
leper. It was dressed in rags and its skin, what little T could see by the light of the moon. was gray
Te was standing by the church erying out. I realized. for forgivenes.
watched for a few moments as the creature paced. and while it ¥ I saw that it wore golden rings
on its fingers. That creature had been. in life, a nobleman.

and riddled with sor

T dared not reveal myself. as I was unarmed and had no wish to lay down my life that night. T
simply watched as it sobbed and gibbered. perhaps uttering one word in seven that T found at all
intelligible. Te stood there for nearly half an hour, and then slouched off. as if dejected. T followed
as long as I could. but it turned and for one horrible second I beheld its face.

Calling that ruin a "face" is face too kind. Te looked like a gargoyle had come to life — no. even
gargoyles are not so hideous (and as I have written, they are not always harmless chunks of stone).
L cannot describe that creature, and Ido not have the skill to render a dvawing. for which the
reader should consider himself blessed. Know this: As I stared at that misshapen. oozing pustule
that was once a man of noble birth, I knew what dell must be.

That. then, is the final stage of undeath, to roam the world with one's senses and mind intact
but one's body a shambling, leprous travesty of all it once Was. I have no dea if that creature
retains its strength and speed or any of its other powers. but I should advise any who read this to
assume that such hideous creatures are more powerful than their younger cousins, not less.

Am so. as "brother Guy and I stood there in the mausoleum and looked in horror at the erypt.
T knew that I could not continue on with the terrified monk accompanying me. I went with him, back
up to the surface. and I must say that I was relieved when sunlight again touched my face. I told
him that I wished to go off to pray alone. and he thanked me for my company and took his leave. I
was careful to note where he left his lantern — on a peg not far from the main entrance to the
monastery.


——_  ———_——

———— eo

'
-
.

From there, I retreated to the room in which TY slept the night before to collect my thoughts. I
noted bitterly that there was no sign that Father "Bernard had ever returned to the room since
we left it that morning, and I feared for h afety anew. I guessed that I had perhaps three or
four hours before sundown. but as no bells ever sounded in this damned place. T could not be sure.
Reflecting back on what I knew of the undead. I decided that I needed to steal back to the erypt
before sundown, assuming that the creature that lay therein would not awaken until night.

Td indeed pray that afternoon, for deliverance. for safety, and finally for speed and stealth. I
took Brother Guy's lantern from its peg and crept again to the catacombs. Just before I disap-
peared into the bowels of the place. a ray of sunlight fileered chrough a crack in the stone and
warmed my face. I thanked God for it.

Sunlight has not couched my body since. It has been at least three days. but without bells or
sunrise to clock the hours. who can truly say?

"Descent

T reached the erypt and. without stopping to study it further. continued on, All the while rats
followed me. perching on the rocks and skittering around my feet as though trying to hinder me. 1
thought of "brother Guy's story of the bloodreet and how his fellow monk had been choked by a
deerfly — could the monsters that no doubt nested below this monastery command such base crea-
tures as insects and rats? "Were these rodents even now acting as tiny spies for their sleeping
master?

T could not stop to kill the rats. Even if I had a means of doing so. there were far too many of
them. I could only press on, deeper into the sunken walls of the place.

I found rooms there, much like the cells above ground. but much smaller. Each one had a strange
smell. much like a cemetery after a hard rain. 1 dd not linger in any of them. but merely noted their
locations. "None of these rooms had doors. but most had moly drapes. stained black from the foul
atr, hanging over their openings. Reflecting back on the door through which I had entered. I realized
that were that door shut a large number of darkness-loving beasts could survive down here for
months, provided they had some source of food. I dd not pursue that thought at the time. for I was
terrified enough already. I had found nothing to indicate that Father "Gernard — or indeed anyone
at all — was down here with me. and I began to lose hope.

T made very slow progress. for my lantern was dim and T had no wish to ewist an ankle in one
of the numerous dips in the floor. I had therefore not traveled far from the erypt when T realized
my lamp was dying, and that sundown was close at hand. Cursing myself for being so foolish as to
come here. I began running as quietly as I could. trying to put distance between myself and the
erypt. Thad no ®ea where I was going, only taking turns left or right as instinct moved me. I came
to what appeared to be a dead end. and then T found something that brought my heart to my throat.

"Father ‘Bernard had been here. Scratched on the wall wi of numbers: TLITILTL This
series Was a signal that Father Gernard and T had used before: it referred to the passage in
Exodus where Moses encounters the burning bush, and meant that something else Was here for me
to find. But all I could see. as my lantern guttered and strange sounds around test
in the monastery — and therefore sunset — was bleak stone and moss.

a serio

ed to stirrings

T fell to my knees and prayed for wisdom. for deliverance. for a miracle. for any intervention
that God saw fit to give me in His wisdom. In the distance. through that stale. cold air. T heard a
horrible creak as the stone lid of the erypt opened. T opened my eyes and looked around. wildly. and
just for a moment, the walls seemed to change.

Forcing myself to concentrate, I breathlessly whispered a prayer that I might remain unseen and
undetected. and stared again at the wall. Seconds before the light failed. I saw what I was meant to
see: A gap in the wall. only two feet in width. and nearly invisible unless viewed directly. I crept
through that gap and after slipping through a narrow passageway. found myself in a room similar to
the cells Td seen before. "by feeling around the walls, I judged the room to be larger than those tiny
alcoves, but the ceiling was 50 low that T need only to reach up slightly above my head to touch it. I


could find no other egress or ingress from the room. other

than the way I entered. and I was completely without
light. I could do nothing but wait. and so. exhausted. I

slumped against the wall nearest the entrance hoping

that anyone or anything entering the room would wake
me. Fortunately, that hope was not in Vain

Murver
I slept for the remaimer of the night. and no creatures of
Hell troubled me. Indeed. when I awoke. I forgot briefly where
I was. but che pitch-blackness and stone floor soon reminded me.
As I sat up and began to wonder how I should escape this
previcament, I heard footsteps and saw light approaching
T pressed myself against the wall next to the entrance
into the room, T had nothing to use as a Weapon. as

the burned-out lantern Was somewhere in the Sark

We
and Thad no time to find it. and so T knew that if \\ Ss a}
p S
the being approaching Was a Semon. I would £Y, N N
rely be killed. Resiani ( a T a eS ee
surely be killed. ‘Resigning my soul to Gor oy os
balled up my fists and drew them over my head UP. =< SS N"N
a $4 > 4 ~ = Fe =
Grother Guy entered the room and I stuck Sad ~
gener acer : RSSRa
him before I realized who he was. He was o> SNS ~
carrying a lantern, which by grace of God did F e—

not break when he dropped it. He collapsed to
the floor. stunned. and I bent to help hin up
when I noticed something that nearly sent me
mad with fright

My blow had dislodged hés hood and the back of
his neck Was now exposed to me. There. just above the nape of
the neck. Was a single blue eye. staring unblinking out at me.
Ie followed me. tracking my movement. and I knew then that
"brother Guy was a servant of the obscene thing that slept in
cold and darkness in the erypt.

T struck as surely as I could kicking at his face and throat

He fell over onto his back and grabbed for something in his belt.
I seized the only weapon I could — the burnt-out lantern I had
taken from the monastery the day before. T swung it at hin
with all my might, my eyes shut tightly. and was rewarded with
a solid crunch and a grunt. T opened my eyes to find brother
Guy had staggered back against the wall and was gurgling as
the glass from the lantern worked its way into his throat

LT could do nothing but watch him de. And. God forgive me.
but I was so relieved when his breathing finally stopped and his
death-ractle echoed about the chamber that I bent knee and
gave thanks for it. Please. reader. understand that I am no
killer or heartless fiend. despite my origins as a criminal
"brother Guy may once have been a good and faithful
monk: T shall never know. But he had sold
himself (or been forced) into servitmde of a
demon of the Pit. and was damned long before I
had the misfortune of meeting him

AUER

MATT Ah de

AIDA YY IDIV DNDN

ry

Rema TE TTIIITVP VT

hoTz L
SS

>=


Am yet — what of the stories he told me? "Were they true? "Was he testing my loyalties?
"Was there information I was meant to glean or clues I should recognize in his tales? "Were they
simply mad ramblings? "Was he trying to redeem himself somehow. by passing along information I
might use?

My God. what have I done?

Deception

TL have composed myself and have offered prayers on behalf of "rother Guy. I have no way to
know his intentions upon firing me in the catacombs, and I can only hope that they were honorable.
As my deception since his death at my hands has not been discovered. I must assume that he was
not leading any evil forces to me. I realize this makes me quilty of murver. I must atone for this
crime in time, and so I shall. but for now I continue with this writing.

After Brother Guy ded. T dimmed the light from his lantern and waited. I was sure that the
monster looking through the eye on the back of his neck would find me soon, but when an hour went
by and no sound disturbed the catacombs, I began to wonder. Finally. I realized what had happened
and how fortunate I truly was.

"brother Guy was a servant, willing or no. I still believe that his master could see through his
hideous eye. "Out during the day. the master slept. and so had no knowledge of Guy's death. "When
this theory came to me, T reasoned that the only way to test it Was to venture back through the
catacombs to the monastery and see if the sun shone. I stripped Guy's bloodied robe from his body

and donned it. and. taking up his lantern. made my way back through the dank halls.

The trek seemed somehow shorter, and even the breathless walk past the horrid crypt 3® not
seem too difficult. The rats d& not follow this time. or if they d&. 1d not see them. I was. truth
be told. so anxious to get back into the sunlight that Td not look. I rounded the last corner and
saw what I wished to see — the ray of sunlight that had warmed and cheered me before I had
descended into the catacombs the day before. I walked towards it — it was all I could do not to run
— and when barely a foot remained between me and blessed sun on my skin. a Voice stopped me dead
in my tracks.

"Guy? it said. and my heart sank. When T turned. whoever it was would see that I was not
Guy. but that I was wearing his bloody garb. Td not turn. but answered in the closest approxima-
tion to his accent that I could. "Where have you been?" asked the voice, apparently fooled for the
moment. I responded that I had been in the catacombs, praying that the mysterious man behind me
would not ask why. de d& not. but T heard his footsteps approaching. dis hand touched my shoulder
and T turned around. keeping my head low.

Lneedn't have worried. The man standing there was elderly. and so bent that I was surprised he
could walk. More important. though. he was blind. His eyes were a milky white color and were as
dead as the monk for whom he mistook me. He leaned in close and sniffer. and his nose wrinkled.

"Have you fouled yourself: boy? You stink of blood and offal" He grined at this, and T was
repulsed by the sight of this crippled. blind man in monk's clothing taking perverse pleasure at the
rank smell of my stolen robes. I cold him that I had fallen in the darkness and must have landed in
some rancid substance. He told me to follow him immediately. that T could wash "on the way. and
that he had something important for me to do.

TL could do nothing but obey. Gehind me. the ray of
the darkness. down a path that T had never seen.

The "Prison

"We walked through new hallways. the blind man by sheer memory. me following by the light of
the lantern. I stopped to wash my stolen robes in a stream, and endured more sickening humor from
the old monk. T began to suspect that his feelings for "brother Guy were not entirely innocent. and
wondered if Grother Guy had ever submitted to his desires, whatever they might be. dlow can a
man so old still feel lust for flesh? "Out then. this monastery houses all manner of sin. I should not
be surprised.

mnlight grew fainter as we walked back into


As we walked. I grew reckless and spoke, and asked what was required of me. His answer at
once relieved me and chilled my blood. for he spoke of interrogating a blasphemer priest that had
blundered into the catacombs the day before. The master. he said. had captured the priest and wished
him to be questioned and. if possible, converted. My heart rose in my throat. but I somehow found
the voice to ask after the priest's condition. The blind monk replied that he was unhurt. for now, but
that the master would take over interrogation tonight when he rose and then the monk would talk,
would he or no.

That the "blasphemer priest" in question Was Father Bernard 1 dd not doubt. I worried. how-
ever. that this "master" would recognize me. Indeed. if my assumption about the demon looking
through the eye implanted in "Brother Guy's neck was accurate. the demon would know upon arising
that night that Guy was dead. And so it Was without hope that I followed the blind monk into the
rank depths of the monastery.

Defiled Ground

"Some ground is holy by nature. Father ernard told me once, "and some made holy by faith
alone. The first is sacrosanct, and not Satan himself could despoil it. Out ground consecrated by
man is frail in comparison, and the servants of Lucifer can indeed befoul it"

These words rang in my head while the blind monk led me to Father Bernards cell. The monk
spoke little. probably crying to feel his Way along, and I passed the time by remembering Father
"Bernar®'s lessons on the havens that demons choose for themselves. Those lessons may prove useful.
and so I commit them to paper now.

Demons choose to lair in strange places indeed. but Father Bernard believed that such hives
could be divided into three categories: those designed by Satan for that purpose. places built by man
but later inhabited by demons. and befouled holy ground.

Unholy Ground

Satan, ever attempting to copy God's good works, gifts his followers and children with "conse-
crated' places of their own. Many such places are the sites of pagan worship. which only makes
sense. Such sites are a beacon to those with unrighteous thoughts. and this helps to explain why so
many pagan villages in the "british Isles and in the Polish Principalities have werewolves and
other demons lurking nearby. Ooubtless they feed from the frightened populace. or present them-
selves as pagan gods as dd the blood-besmeared demon Aoife that Brian encountered

Recognizing such a place. unfortunately, is difficult. Father Gernard mentioned that some
especially devout souls become ill in such areas. but this is by no means universal or even reliable.
‘Worse. some such places exude. rather than menace, an odd calming sensation. "Whether this is
meant to lull victims into a stupor so that any demons in the area may feast or to mislead those
who might search for aden of evil. I cannot say. Either or both may apply: indeed. the tanner's shop
I mentioned earlier seemed to engender such feelings.

Satan's ground can often be found in the deep forests, but then, so can many of his minions.
Signs of wolves nearby might indicate that such a locale is near, as might patches of upturned earth
or certain kinds of moss and mushrooms. In particular, so-called "faerie rings' quite often point the
way to such otherworldly dangers. as do bobbing lights in forests.

The danger here should be obvious. especially if the reader recalls what I have written already.
As one ventures farther away from civilization, the Oevil's forces hold greater sway. Traveling
in groups is essential. as is carrying fire and steel. Sometines a place consecrated to Satan can be
burned and thereby destroyed. sometimes nothing short of a miracle will dislodge the Adversary s
talons. Those who 0 God's work must be prepared to give of themselves. for sacrifice is often
necessary to cleanse and make safe the worl.

Stolen Places

The tanner'.

shop I had the misfortune to visit in Paris és a good example of the next category.
Such places — shops. homes. even chapels and monasteries (obviously) are not immune — were built


i le ee ee ee

with the best of intentions. At some point along the way. Satan's minions wormed their Way in and
nested. Any residents of such places are pressed into service. Sviven off. or killed outright. Many
demons can appear to be completely human, and so the new inhabitants of such a place go about their
agenda (spreading Satan's gospel. though the details inevitably vary) with their neighbors none the
wiser.

That. of course. is the most treacherous and insidious fact of such havens — to all appearances.
they are completely normal. A chapel or other house of God that falls under the influence of the
Adversary is. of course. more easily noticed. but this sort of blatant evil only takes place in more
remote locations (as witness, again, this monastery — at least a day's walk from any help). Even
the more perceptive inquisiter cannot search every home. workshop. and cathedral. How. then. to
root such worms out?

T would humbly suggest that those of us in cities make inquires of the street urchins. as I
myself once was. Grant them the sacrament of confession and perhaps a hot dinner, and let them
know that you can be trusted. This requires patience — as Ive indicated. most men who make
offerings to street children do so with less than Christian motives — but in time they will see that
you mean no harm. And then, ask them for information. "No one notices urchins (indeed. they strive
not to be noticed) and often hear tidbits of information that not even the most careful inquisitor
would. They often do not know what the rumors they hear mean. but by paying them for such
information, a skilled investigator can often determine where in the city the demons are nesting
After that. it's simply a matter of what kind of action one és prepared to take.

A warning: The sacrament of confession és of utmost importance when recruiting help from the
poor (or indeed. from anywhere). The demons of the city are not above using such sources of rumor
and gossip for their own purposes. and by trusting too much, one might be mislead..or betrayed. Any
information gained during the sacrament of confession, however, one may assume to be true. as even
the powers of some hellspawn to alter a man's beliefs or thoughts cannot hold against the strength
of our sacred customs.

"Blasphemous Infestations

Infesting a small chapel or convent-house is one thing, but defiling erue holy ground és some-
thing else entirely. Ooing so requires power that few of us are prepared to fight. and indeed. any
once-holy place that has become a haven for demons must be reported to Rome at once.

How. the faithful reader might wonder, is such defilement even possible? Is God's blessing so
easily sullied? I asked these questions of Father ‘bernard. and he responded with the distinction I
have already made — places made holy by God's design are indeed unassailable. Places made holy by
the faith of man. however. can indeed be corrupted.

This distinction is subtle to the point of being illogical to many unlearned scholars. but Father
ernar? tells me that in the Holy Land. there are sites considered sacred by the Infidels which
radiate much the same aura of light and grace that true. Christian holy ground does. The Muslin
faith. being as it és a perversion (or, at best. a misinterpretation) of Christianity, is evidently not
beyond God's mercy — He still allows their faith to infuse an area and protect it from demons.
"but it és exactly such places as these that Satan's minions can befoul and corrupt.

How is this done? I thank God that I do not know. Surely some blasphemous ritual must be
required. involving. I would guess. the blood of innocent Christians. Perhaps in the manner of
pagans of old. simply the slaughter of animals will do. I cannot say. "What 1 do know és that once-

holy ground emits an aura that no one touched by God can iqnoreglt g y thevsoul [tke
sandstone on flesh, and fills chose who can hear with righteouS@fury the revelation of such

pe Himself to take action, as (@s (AO BB an a chall

a place would likely inspire the "I
to God's power.

T am again running short of ink. Ido not know if

Interrogation

Does sin in the name of God reprieve the sin? I cannot know. T do not doubt that I will die
here in this monastery. without ever seeing the sun, sins heavy on my head. bound for tell. Please.
Gor. be merciful and allow me this last confession. all I know and have learned on paper. my crimes
here. in the absence of the priest's ear.

Oh, God. I beg of ‘You. do not forsake me.

The blind monk and I reached a cell. Unlike the other cells I have described. which were enclosed
only by drapes and cloth. this one was clearly designed for prisoners rather than prayer. The door
was oak, and a stout crossbar locked it. I wondered what manner of creature it Was designed to hold
to warrant such extreme security? "Whatever the true function of the cell. Father Bernard was
now it's inhabitant.

The blind monk lifted the crossbar with strength that belied his frail body. and we entered.
"Father ‘Gernard was slumped against the far wall. chained by the wrists. His clothes were in
tatters. and I could see blood tri keting from half a dozen small wounds. He looked up at me. and his
eyes widened. I shook my head and gestured to the blind monk. trying to indicate that T had not
betrayed him. Ido not think. however, that he understood entir ely. for he began crying out to me.
calling me by name, and calling me a traitor.

The blind monk asked me what I made of this. "With a choked voice. I answered that the young
monk he had traveled with had disappeared into che catacombs some hours before. but Idd not know
what became of "him. The fiend chuckled. and said. "Worry not. then, of betrayal. Father bernare.
Your young bum-boy is dead. A shadow would not be stealthy enough to escape the master here."

As much as the inference incensed me, I was gladdened that the monk was so overconfident.
Obviously. the master was either not as powerful as he made himself out to be. or God dd indeed
watch over me. Father "Gernard. now seeming to understand what was happening. quieted. and the
blind monk stepped forwarr.

"Father "bernard. we know that you are more than a simple priest. Tell us what your true
ion is. please. before sundowr

My mi:

Father "Bernard had apparently answered this question before.
If the master questions you. he will not leave you intact. boy or soul. So, answer me instead.

"Why are you here?"

‘ssion is to serve God.

"LT came here seeking shelter and discovered a hive of evil. I am here now only as a prisoner"

The blind man coughed as though wishing to correct him. but said nothing. From a table in the
corner of the room, he picked up what looked like a scourge. but larger than T had ever seen. He
raised it up in front of Father "Bernard, and I could see that the ends of tassels were laced with
tiny shards of iron. I understood, then, the origins of the wounds in my mentors flesh. Surely this
looks familiar. Father? Shall we extract a confession. "brother Guy? tHe raised the evil device.
but before he struck. I spoke.

"Let me. I said. The blind monk turned to me and grinned. I was almost ill at the sae, His
teeth — what few he had — were blackened and roceing. tHe held out the whip for me. and T took it.
The handle felt moist from his hand. and I could see bits of flesh and smears of blood on the end of
the weapon. I looked at Father Bernard and noted. and chen struck — but hit only the stone wall
next to him.

He cried out quite convincingly. and che blind monk asked again after his purpos:
"Bernard refused to answer, of course, so I struck again.

"Father

This continued for several moments. but Father "Gernard and I were doubtless thinking the
same thing: If no information was forthcoming. the monk would either change the method of torture
(and indeed. I saw other devices on that table. devices of steel and wood that I could not Wentify) or
the sun would set and the ‘master' would cake over. Finally. as I raised the whip for another
stroke. I ordered Father "Bernard to confess. that I might put his words to paper and the torment
might end.


Father "Bernard smiled, and said "I will talk. then. for truly T can bear no more of this. but I
will speak only co you. The blind pig must leave the room. for I cannot bear the smell of him

The blind man only laughed. and pulled me from the room. "You may take his words down. he
said. "but remember to write clearly so that the master can read. ‘Youll find paper on the table, and
quill and ink. T shall return with the master in an hour.

An hour! I felt my stomach lurch. In an hour I would be before the master. and surely he
would know that I was an impostor. I walked back into the cell and closed the door, and quickly
explained to Father Bernard what had happened. I shame to admit that Idd not tell hin how
"Brother Guy had died. only chat he had. but Idd cell him of the eye in the man's neck. I asked for
my mentors advice

He thought for a moment. and then told me to return to Brother Guy's body and cut the eye
from it. If Guy was accustomed to hiding the eye under his hood. this meant the eye saw only fabric
As long as it Was on my person the master might also be fooled by my ruse. This was a gamble. of
course. but I could only trust in God. for I could not abandon my mentor. However, T would of
course need some sort of confession for the master, and so I had to hurry

I left the room again. and crept quietly along. Oy grace of God alone dd I sneak past the blind
monk, who sat in the corridor nearby. a strange smile on his trembling lips. I ran as fast as T could
along the hallways. lingering for only a brief moment to look for the ray of the sunlight that would
mark the hallway I could take to reach the surface — but T could not fir it. Only moments later, I
found Brother Guy's corpse and. using a dagger I found in his belt, cut the blue eye from his nec
and tucked it into my sleeve. As I left. I saw rats creeping towards the body. and noted that their
snouts were bloodied. Leaving a man, even a servant of a demon. in such a place to be food for rats
rankled at my heart. but I had no time to prevent it. T ran back along the hallways and reached
Father "Bernard's cell. quite out of breath.


TI cook his confession. writing as clearly as I could with my hand shaking. It was all lies. of
course — we fabricated our travels, our mission, and names of our superiors. "We named as our
mother house a chapel in Toulouse that I knew had been burned by the Crusade against the Cathars.
Te took only half an hour, but we had a convincing collection of lies. All that remained Was to wait
for the "master" and take our chances.

The result was tragic. I will continue. though it pains me to do so.

The Master Awakens

My first — and. for the time being. only — encounter with the "master was that night. Barely
had the ink begun to dry on Father Bernard's falsified confession. and the two of us said a brief
prayer in hopes that the ruse would hold. and perhaps bring this nightmare to its end. when the door
opened and the master entered

Ocar God. understand that of all the sins I have committed in my life. I committed the worst
when I saw that creature. If not for the stern gaze of Father bernar® lending me strength from
across the room, I would have confessed all before that creature. It radiated a palpable aura of
holiness, or what I would have sworn to be holiness. in other circumstances. de turned. and I
recognized the Pale Brother.

T thought that my time had come. He would reach out for me. and wring the life from my bory.
for surely he would recognize me just as I had him. "Out his gaze did not rest on me, instead looking
past me to the confession on the table. tHe picked it up and glanced over it. and spoke in the same
soft. soothing tone in which he had offered me a bed two nights before

"Your writing skills are improving. "Orother Guy. he said. "However. the priest has been lying.

I was so taken aback by this statement that I spoke without thinking. Fortunately. I had
grown quickly accustomed to speaking as "brother Guy and the Pale "brother dd not notice the
difference. "How do you know, master?" L asked. inwardly wineing at how easy it was to refer to
him — to think of him — as a superior.

"You could not have known. "brother, having been with us such a short time. Out the Faith has
eyes and ears everywhere, and news always fords its Way to me. The Crimson Curia is not blind
outside of Rome — no offense meant to you, "brother Solomon. de noddved to the blind monk.
waiting patiently outside.

"The Crimson Curia? I knew that I was playing a dangerous game — one statement might
reveal my deception. "ut now I was stalling for cine. If I could keep the Pale rother talking, 1
thought, uncil Sawn... but with so many hours to fill?

"The Curia, good brother. is a not a mystery to which you have been initiated. Out perhaps it's
time you were? "With that. the Pale brother produced a dagger from his robes and raised his palm.
as if to cut it. T had no desire to see bloodshed. especially as precursor to some blasphemous ritual.
and pointed at Father Bernar®.

"Master. I am of course humbled by your confidence in me. however. I fear that my beating may
have shortened this priest's life. If you wish to gain more information from hin, perhaps that should
take precedence?"

Father Bernard acknowledged my ingenuity with a small nod, although it placed him at greater
risk. The ‘Pale rother nodded as well. and with a poisonous smile replaced the dagger in his robes.

"Know. for the moment. "brother Guy." he said. "that the Curia's agents are everywhere across
the land. They are. for the most part. faithful like yourself and Grother Solomon. brought into our
mysteries by the "Glood of Cain and the oor of "Will. They deliver news, both to those of us with
our own ministries and to the See of "Nod.

"This account, though it betrays some small knowledge of our Faith, also betrays that the good
Father has no real appreciation for how deeply into his Church we have burrowed. I know
example. that this village." and here the Pale "brother indicated a section of the "confession which
indicated that a small town was utterly free of demonic taint. "is not only besieged by agents of
Satan, but that inquisitors from the Church will arrive in less than a fortnight to cleanse it. He


paused and grinned at the Father, and I saw that his teeth were pointed and rust-colored. I also
know that they will fail and die to a man in the attempt. so powerful is the Cainite who rules that
village's nights.

"There are other details, as well." the demon continued. "This bishop you mention as being com-
promised is actually one of our most dogged foes. Your route is not accurate. as a priest such as
yourself. so infused with the power of God. would certainly have attracted attention in any of the
places where our congregations meet, and yet we have not heard of you until now. I compliment you
on the attempt. Father. but now I would like some answers and I have very little time. He turned
to me and gave a dismissive wave. "Brother Guy. you are free to go. However, kindly keep to the
catacombs that I may summon you if I need you again. How he meant to summon me. I do not
know, but T feared that the eye in my stolen robe was intended to play a role.

What could I 0? I turned and left. and Grother Solomon shut the door and barred it. T asked.
without thinking. if he meant to lock the master in. He replied with some surprise that the master
had no need of doors.

With a sick feeling. I stumbled away. My knees buckled in fear and revulsion. but also. God
forgive me. in relief — I had escaped. My head swam with revelations and suspicions: If the demon's
worrs could be crusted. this evil. this bloody heresy. extended into the Curia in ‘Rome Herself) Out
our route had not come from a Papal edict: the Eyes look to Aignen le Libraire for their orders.
Had the demons here known of our coming even before we arrived? "Were others within the Oculé
"Dei their pawns? And the way the Pale Brother spoke of God and his "faith indicated that he dd
not knowingly serve Satan — what. then. of his eryptic reference to "Cainites?" Something about
the conversation stirred a memory of an overheard conversation between an Eye and Aignen le
Libraire himself: but try as T might. I could not call the exact words to mind. This failure from me.
whose memory is my only source of pride!

Thad few answers and many questions. and "Brother Guy's stories and Father "Bernard's
lessons both swam in my mind. I decided then to write them down, and asked "brother Solomon for
more paper and ink, and a quiet place to write.

He d&® not ask me for my reasons. or what I planned to write. tHe merely told me where I
could find what I required. and T retired to a cell only a few yarrs from the prison where Father
Bernard was being questioned.

And that és where this narrative began. I mentioned before that I could hear Father

"Bernards screams. They began only moments after I began writing. At first. they were prayers.
verses from the "bible. and other admonitions to himself to remain strong, Since. they have degener-
ated first into pleas for aid and for God to hear him, and then into inarticulate cries. Father

Bernard told me about questioning heretics once, and said that they will scream for hours on end
before revealing any information. As long as they scream. they cannot speak. Oh, cruel fate, that
now the righteous are inquisited by the heretics!

Here I sit. then, in a cell lit only by a single candle. and I have had to replace it several times.
"Fortunately. candles are in greater supply here than ink. and "brother Solomon has not required
anything of me in trade for light. T have not seen the sun nor have I seen or heard from the Pale
"brother, and Brother Solomon has not passed along any wor of Father Bernard. I am too afraid
— or perhaps too ashamed — to ask after hin.

T can think of nothing else to do but continue on transcribing lessons from Father Bernard. I
have spoken until now of servants of demons. of demons fashioned from flesh and stone. and of those
hideous creatures that drink the blood of the living. Out other "breeds" of demon plague Gods Earth.
and Father Bernard held special contempt for these last. those without true bodies.

Demons of Ether

Some hereti
base and evil. Thi
the earth, but also assumes that the spiritual is irherently good. "Ocemons of Ether put lie to that
assertion.

including the Cathars who burned in Albi. believe that the material world is

's rather pessimistic view és not only a disservice to the men and Women who walk

Father ‘Bernard spoke of these <Oemons as creatures whose natural form is insubstantial. but
warned that most of them are capable of assuming or stealing solid form for a short time. The
differences between them, then, chiefly concern how easily they can do so. I shall write as much as I
can of these creatures. "Know. dear reader, that at any tine I might be forced to stop.

At least the old bastard gave me more ink this time.

Ghosts

"When a man dies. the best he can hope for és his eternal reward in Heaven. Doubtless some
souls — perhaps many in these decadent times — feel the fires of tell. Am yet. stories often fin
their way to the ears of the Eyes of God. stories of spirits returning from the grave to acts as
guides, supplicants, and sometimes tormentors of the living.

Are these restless souls, in fact. the shades of once-living men and Women? Or are they. as
many inquisitors believe. familiar spirits' that take on the shape of the deceased in order to fool the
living for sport or spite? T have heard arguments in support of both views. and can honestly say
that either or both of these are possible. What follows, then, is what Father Bernard and I have
learned of ghosts, whatever their origins may truly be.

"Whether or not they are the lingering souls of humanity, phantoms do indeed plague the living.
They haunt places where death is strong — leper colonies and cemeteries commonly boast stories of
ghosts. as do battlefields and field hospitals. One of the worst such places. however, is one that I
saw with my own eyes. and I will relate that story here.

Surely. the reader has heard of the massacre at "béziers. Arnaud Amaury and his men de~
manded that the town surrender those suspected of heresy. and when the town refused. Amaury
onrered his soldiers to burn the town and slaughter all therein. Though this atrocity took place
more than twenty years ago. and thus before my birth. I visited the remains of the town recently.

That night T was taken with nightmares the likes of which I cannot begin to describe. I felt the
horror of being pulled from my home. lashed to a stake. and burned alive. I heard the screams of my
family. my friends. and those with whom TY spent my entire life being put to the sword. And
somewhere above the human din. T heard an endless dirge. a keening lament. an unending. eternal
prayer for the dying. I heard voices echoing as if from a deep chasm, some wail
some laughing as if in derision. And just before waking. I heard a voice say. "Caedite eos. "Novit
enim ‘Dominus qui sunt eius.

Massacre them. for the Lord knows His own.

These nightmares

ng in sorrow, and

were not mere Weams. they were visions from life. for when I Yeseribed them
later to an Lye in Narbonne. his face turned ashen. de told me that he had spoken with one of the
knights who? participated in the slaughter and that my descriptions Were accurate sown to details.
The phrase Td heard was the order of Arnau Amaury to his troops. according to that knight. The
dead of "Géziers do not sleep easy. and they visit their wrath upon any who dares sleep too near the
site of their murver. Or perhaps they call out in endless supplication for forgiveness for the crime
of heresy. T have no way to know. and despite my curiosity. no force save a mandate from God
Himself ould induce me to journey there again.

Ghosts may exhibit any number of strange powers. Many imuce madness or fever in their
victims: indeed. those people who actually see ghosts often go mad for a short tine after. Mortal
men were never meant to glimpse the beyond. am refusal to pass on to the hereafter is perhaps the
greatest sin that the Sead can commit. However. for the most part. ghosts cannot become solid. I
hear tales. though. of ghost . stealing the bodies of the living Such "ghost might very well be minor
demons instead of restless souls. though. given their quick response to exorcism.

A soldier of God confronted with a ghost should remember that they are ultimately powerless.
mere reflections of their former selves. However. a demon masquerading as the soul of a deceased
person might well have power enough to cow and even injure. and so it is best to assume that any
"is a demon until proved otherwise.

"ghos


"Faeries
_ "What exactly faeries are is a point of contention among my orrer. Most Heel that they are Semons
of some ign m, used to masqueradirg as pagan gods and now ' feeling the sting of divine justice as
Christendom threatens to dvive their evil from the hearts of their worshipers. Others feel that faeries
are a different phenomenon entirely. beings created by God for a purpose we do not yet fathom. Finally.
a growing number of inquisitors assert that they may not exist at all.
I. for one. do believe that something exists to justify legends of the Fair Folk. but what that

might be in truth To not know. Legends of these beings vary 50 widely that any real classification

is impossible. "For example. in one village. a boggart' might be a malicious little imp that hides
jessehiats items and leaves small. stinging bites on the livestock. whereas in the next village over.
the same name is affixed to a helpful little sprite that vives away rats and watches over the
children. I would assert that these more benevolent spirits might actually be minor angels, but as 1
am neither a priest nor a scholar of such matters. I acknowledge that this is only conjecture.

"Faeries inspire legends all across Europe. but many of those legends seem to stem from the
"british Isles. I have no real ea why those Isles play host to so many of those creatures. but I
have heard some theories. Apparently. in those Isles (Ireland especially) tales about the Fair Folk
commonly involve a deal between them and mankind. Leaving a saucer of cream out for a house
spirit, for example. or avoiding certain places after dark in respect for the "faerie courts are not
uncommon. These customs are innocuous enough, and every village has such strange traditions, but
in the "British Isles. most folks say that they originate in ancient pacts made with the Fair Folk.
‘Now that I chink of it. Father Bernard once mentioned that similar stories reach him from the
steppes of Russian ‘Principalities. stories of children admonished to behave. lest the strange night-
folk cake them away.

These stories might be only that — tales meant to entertain and frighten children. "Out consider the
implications if they are not merely fanciful. What if villages dot the land wherein most. if not all of the
populace. follow traditions that they cannot justify? These traditions stem from "ancient pacts' —
perhaps pacts that predate Christ's birth, or at least predate a given village's Salvation at the hands of
the ‘Risen Lord? "What if: by following those traditions. the people are not committing any particular sin
or heresy. but are strengthening some nightmarish creature from the depths of Hell?

Do not mean to sound alarmist. but after all. the stories of the Fair Folk are not always
cheerful. Just as many concern flesh-eating creatures and terrible. but beautiful enchantresses that
steal away young men. Faeries are not harmless, and I believe that they bear closer
we have heretofore given them. "Out we have so few men W illing and able to serve as Eyes in the
first place, and more immediate threats demand our attention.

scrutiny than

As for how to combat the Fae and what an inquisitor might expect from them, God only knows
The legends. as Ive said. are so diverse that dSrawing any kind of distinction is impossible. Many
legends grant faeries powers of deception and illusion, so an Inquisitor who suspects that they are
near must endeavor to keep his wits about hin. Certain prayers for clarity of thought may indeed
help. Likewise. accounts from other Inquisitors claim that faeries can be wiven off by the sound of
church bells. an iron blade. throwing salt or bread at them, reciting "biblical verses. any phrase in
Latin, or any one of a hundred other remedies.

A servant of God who runs afoul of faeries is indeed in great peril. simply because these
tricksters have taken great pains to conceal their true weaknesses. Pray for wisdom and strength.
and do not be seduced. That is all the advice Father Bernard gave me.

<Oemons

Actually. demons might take the form of any of the creatures I have spoken of in this writing.
The demons to which I refer here are simply those many readily ®entifiable as such, and so I must
ask that the reaver steel himself: as the pages ahead will Soubtless shock hin.

"Ocmons are. first and last. the fallen angels who rose up alongside Lucifer and were cast into
the Pit. The "ook of Matthew speaks of the demon Legion. and the other Gospels make mention of

such creatures too. Im told. dow indeed they came to plague mankind is something of mystery. but
they do so with regularity. "Demons can come to arth by themselves. escaping the eternal punish-
ment that God damned them to. or can, shamefully, be summoned here by misguided or insane heretics.
How they might escape is thankfully beyond my knowledge. but as the reader will recall from tale
of the tanner's shop. I know something of how demons might be summoned

a

Summoning a demon, to all accounts. requires sacrifice. In the tanner's shop. that sacrifice
consisted of first poisoning the flesh of a young man by the sin of sodomy. and then flaying him
alive. The remains of the carcass. I must assume. served as a meal for the Semon Cyphiael once it
reached our world. Other demons are likewise imprisoned. either in material objects (including plants
and even places: I have discussed such tainted locales already), in people or animals (as Legion did in
the "Book of Matthew) or beyond our world in the "Void. Each demon has a name and once had a
purpose under God. as each was once a member of the Heavenly Host. However. in choosing to
rebel against the Creator, they renounced their purpose and station, and have been stripped of their
former power.

‘Not to say that demons are powerless, of course. Satan grants his minions power beyond any of
the creatures I have herein described. Oemons, once freed from their prisons. may take the form of
human beings or animals, walking among herds nearly invisibly. They are as powerful by day as by
night and have no special vulnerabilities to metal weaponry. Indeed. any damage a demon's body
sustains heals immediately upon setting of the sun: until then it is only a minor inconvenience, as
demons. like animals, 80 not possess souls and thus feel no pain

As far as the magics and hell-spawned powers that demons may call upon. I lament to report
that each demon is unique. I have never personally encountered a demon (thank God. the experience
at the tanner's Was quite close enough for me!). but I will relate the following story. May it serve
to enlighten even as it terrifi

The Crusade of 1204 destroyed Constantinople, as the reader probably knows. I was born eight
years later, and so growing up heard stories from travers and soldiers in Paris. Some had been to
the Queen of Cities. some had fled in the wake of the Crusade. I thought nothing of it except some-
times to wonder what an entire city burning might look like. And then, after joining the Oculi.
Father ernard and I spent the night at the manor of a noble lay of the House of Murnau. She
said that an older cousin had gone away on the Crusade, and returned uninjured. The cousin, a man

Bhmow Devons

A special type of demon bears mention here. I believe that demons can conjure up certain
types of servitors, and among the most insidious are night-demons. 5
The creatures-are more powerful than many of the other demonic monsters I have dis~
cussed. They bear some resemblance to the undead in that fire and sunlight seem to repel them.

but do not appear to dvink blood. Instead. they aw their strength from the very shadows
around crem. While they can assume human form. and can even mimic the Voices and, faces of
certain people, their natural state is one of living darkness. completely impervious to any
natural harm. The shadows around them can strike and bind their foes. and can even kill by
strangulation if need be. These demons can also-decpen shadows so that no torch can pierce
them. and even extend their dark grip into men's minds so that they will o the bidding of the
night-creature.

Rodrigue de "Navarre supposedly knows inch of these creatures, and asserts that Theria in
particular és infesteS with them. Ido not know, and nor does Aignen le Libraire. why that
region should play host to these horrors. but Navarre believes that these demons are Moorish
in origin, and the dark-skinned invaders brought them along when they conquered these lands so
many years ago. : : z .

T have never encountered such a being. nor has"Father Bernard. God willing. T never will.
for-how can one fight living darkness?


called Dieter. had been a cheerful man before
leaving, always ready with a jest or kind wor
When he returned.
le would scill joke. but his jests were barbed
and unfriendly. te stayed away from the rest
of the family, and built a small cottage on the
edge of their property for himself. He d& not
attend church with the rest of them, but prayed
on his own (so he said) and received 7
the p
three years, until the noblewoman reached her
twelfth birthday. And then he began taking an
interest in her that can only be described as

>.

much of his humor was gone.

Visits from

st to give confession. This continued for

prurcent

The noble — Else by name — said that she
Was too afra® to report to her parents the
unclean things that ‘Dieter suggested to her. She
confessed them to the priest. but the fool only
told her to reject his advances and keep her
heart pure. (No doubt ‘Dieter's donations of
riches he "found on Crusade did much to endear
him to the priest.)

Else. as a member of the House of
Murnau, sensed the evil in her cousin even
before she knew anything of our fight. Out as
she was the only member of the family with
whom he would associate for long. none of the

others noticed

Else heard voices in her sleep
telling her to do something about her cousin.
telling her that he meant to destroy the family
and bring a great evil to Earth, but she d& not
know how to go about it. Finally. after awak-
ening from a particularly horrific nightmare, she
ventured out to his cottage.

‘When Else told this tale to Father Ber-
nar> and myself. she blushed at the admission
that she stole out of her home. and crept like a
thief to her cousin's small cottage. She told us
that she could fe
approached. and felt an odd heat coming from the

L the air grow thicker as she

cottage. though she saw no light burning. The
door was open only a crack, but enough for her
Co see.
‘Dieter
could see strange symbols inscribed in blood all
around him. tHe was speaking to someone. but
Flse saw no one else present. However, what
"Dieter said Was quite enough to hold her atten-
tion. "Oevspite my attempts, O Master. he said
she will not submit. I can take her by foree—

relt on the floor within, and Else

"No. came a voice from nowhere. Else's
eyes filled with horror at recounting the story:


even after so many al the memory of that voice still chilled her. She compared it to a horse
being seDed an said that it was loud enough to rattle her teeth. yet she had to strain to make out
its words. "If you take her by force, I shall have to shred her body to be reborn. and then she cannot

receive my seed.
"Surely. I could find another girl— began «Dieter, but he was again interrupted.

"No!" The voice deepened and Else felt a rush of heat coming from the room. She must be the
one to bear my child. ut there is another way"

"Anything. O Master. said Oieter eagerly. Else heard a lascivious chuckle and knew that her
cousin had made a mistake in agreeing too quickly.

"Take the knife. then, my servant, and cut along your breastbone. Dieter looked doubtful. and
began to rise. "Now. came the voice, and the walls of the cottage shook as though struck

"Dieter raised the knife and cut, panting in pain. "Oceper. ordered the creature. Dieter tried to
protest. but the room grew hotter. and Else made the sign of the cross even as she related the story
to us, more than a decade later.

"Kneeling there on the floor. ‘Oieter sliced himself open from chest to navel, and slumped to the
floor. The heat and gloom left the room, but the body lying there amidst the blasphemous inserip-
tions seemed to swell as though flyblown. And then a hand protruded from the slit in his belly.
followed by a strong-looking arm. The demon, it seemed. had found a womb after all.

Flse ran then. ran back to her home. woke her parents. and cold them what had happened. They
cursed themselves fer not sensing the evil on their very land. and immediately called their guards to
arms and Ventured to the damned cottage. There, they feuny the scene as Else had described, but
found only the hollowed-out corpse of her cousin. The Yemon had already left.

Flse has not seen any trace of it since, but by the inscriptions in the cottage and by certain
texts that her brother apparently found on Crusade, she discovered its name. which T will not
inseribe here. She has not. to date. discovered the way to imprison or destroy it. but knows it must
find her eventually. She has never married and refuses to do so. as any children she bears would be
at risk from the creature that must stalk her still, waiting for her to let down her quarr.

F_lse is never without at least five strong men to guard her. She keeps a holy relic. a set of
beads blessed by Pope Gregor and Cardinal Marzone bot h, on her person at all times. And she
rare ely sleeps.

"Oemons do not age or die. and they are often patient. This és the reason that they are the
Even the undead seem to age and decay. but demons have all time to torment,
Some can

worst of our foes.
dodge, and move against us. Many have minions. either human or otherworldly creature
move as spirits and possess the bodies of men, some can drive men mad with a glance. I wish T could
offer some worr of hope but this: Most demons are still confined. Oy continuing our work, we
prevent them from being released

The Possessed =

An innocent possessed by a demon is as dangerous as any creature described herein.
more so because a quiltless soul still struggles within the corrupted body. A demon possess—
ing a person can modify the body as it wishes, and this means that tails. extra limbs. claws.
fangs. or even stranger alterations such as spitting a caustic substance or the skin taking
on a green hue is not unknown. The demon may cause the host to fall Sown and foam at the
mouth; many among us believe that this indicates that the person battles the demon.
Exorcism is often helpful. but by the tine the demon has taken hold enough to alter the
body. it és often too Late to separate them. The body must then be burned. and although this -
also kills the unfortunate host. we believe that this consigns his soul to God.


Fleresy and ‘Blood

That is the end of my knowledge. and I have but little else to confess. I still await summons
from the "master. and my inkwell again begins to run dry.

Tcannot submit to that old monster's lusts again. I cannot. I have ink enough to confess that I
submitted to "brother Solomon after the ink ran dry the first time. "What was I meant to do?
"Write in my blood. or in my own shit? Tam not a saint, for Gods sake. T am not even a monk! I
was only supposed to watch! Ite was never to be like this. I was safer on the streets of Paris. and
though I was hungry and cold and filthy there T never longed for water to rid my mouth of a man's
rank taste.

Forgive me, God. T don't want to de here. I would leave. but I cannot bring myself to abandon
my mentor. "Not yet. I still hear him screaming, but his sereams grow faint. I hope that he is
strong enough to resist. to resist confessing our true nature to the Pale brother. Io not know
what manner of creature that false monk might be. but I assume him to be undead. The pale skin.
and the fact that he rests by day and does not eat hint at his nature. And yet. I feel as though I
should remember something else about him.

He spoke of the See of "Nod. "What is Nod?

"Am Cain went out from the Lord's presence and settled in the land of "Nod. East of Eden.
The book of Genesis. God cursed Cain to wander forever, but forbade anyone from killing him.

Am didn't the Pale Brother mention something about Cain? te referred to a Cainite who
rules the nights."

Oh, dear God. I remember now.

The Cainite Heresy

Aégnen le Libraire mentioned this once, to Father "bernard. when he thought I could not hear.
tHe spoke of a heresy more insidious than the Cathars. the "ogomils. or any other. One that was
pioneered by the creatures of the night, the undead. the blood-drinking monsters of which I spoke
before. These creatures' beliefs are unclear to me, as I tried not to eavesdrop on my mentor's
conversation, but from what I dd hear. they hold Cain to be a figure tantamount to the Savior
Himself. They believe that he lives still, and that in his blood is salvation. T remember blood
playing a role. because the blood is held as sacred and the flesh as base.

Am the Pale Brother spoke of a See, and a Curia? Good God, how can this be? How can Gor
allow this? In Rome? The Tale ®rother spoke of Rome? Out Aignen said more. Im sure.
he spoke of chapels given over to chis heretical worship, to communion wines mixed with blood. but T
was sleepy and dd not quite

—_—-

The eye twitched in my robe. The Tale Brother summons. T must make my decision now.
Oh, God. please hear me. Please deliver these papers to someone who can help. someho

The name of the monastery is >A——_

ear

ae

ie ae


i) " i u
Leopdldvon Murnau, WOhatasonn sight youve become.

Leopold sighed, partially out of exasperation, and partially because it was
easier to breathe through his mouth. His cousin — second cousin, perhaps? He
couldn't recall — reeked of decaying flesh.

"You might have been the head of our household, Leopold. You might have led
us to great things."

"God calls us all in His way, Berthold. 1 am sorry that His calling wasn't clearer to
you.

"Spare me." Berthold tossed his red locks behind his head and drew a dagger
from his glove. "Now, if you please, Leopold. The book. | have great plans for it."

Leopold looked at the dagger in his cousin's hand. It was stained with rust and
blood. Berthold had never seen a battlefield in his life; the war between sons was
his ideal fight. He had killed two of his own brothers in order to secure an
inheritance, but his plans had all come to naught when his father had smelled the
evil growing on him and cast him out. Evidently, the lad had turned to other paths
for power.

"Berthold, please. | have faced down the unbreathing spawn of Satan. A child
with a knife poses little threat. | beseech you, mend your ways and look to God
before your soul is irretrievably lost."

Berthold sneered. "You talk too much, cousin." He lunged for Leopold, aiming
the dagger at his throat. Leopold simply sidestepped him.

"Again, laskyou, Berthold, inthe name of God the Fatherand the Son, stop this
madness. Your life and soul will be forfeit, | promise you, if you do not." Leopold's
tone grew more stern and he stood straighter. Berthold faltered for a moment,
and then charged again.

Again, Leopold moved out of his path, and Berthold this time tripped over a
chair and went sprawling, For one sick instant, Leopold thought he had impaled
himself on his own dagger, but Berthold stood again and cursed in rage.

"Forthe last time, Berthold, please. Do not do this. Come with me and remand
your life to God. You might do great things for the family and for Christendom."
Leopold held outa hand. Berthold considered for along moment, and then raised
the knife over his head as though to throw it at the Dominican.

"Your Godcannothelp youhere, alone,onmylands, cous—' Berthold stopped
short and looked down at the crossbow bolt protruding from his chest. "How...?"

"Oh, cousin," Leopold shook his head sadly. "With God, all things are possible."
He looked behind him, through the window, and saw a figure wave. "And besides,
lam never alone."

"Diabolus enim et alii daemones.a Deo quidem natura creati
sunt boni, sed ipsi per se factisunt mali." ("The Devil and the
other demons were created by God good in their nature but
they by themselves have made themselves evil.")

— Fourth Lateran Council, "Firmiter credimus"

History of
echasnotina uisition

Most holy and reverend ei Gregory, by the grace of
God Supreme Pontiff and Vicar of Christ, from the hand of
God's humble servant and yours, Cardinal-Priest Battista
Marzone, greetings:

Herein follows an account of the formation of the Holy
Inquisition contra Diabolum enim et alii daemones, that is,
against the Devil and other demons who infest the nations of
Christendom and bend their cruel malice and hatred of Our
Lord and His Holy Church against those who profess faith in
Our Lord Jesus Christ, leading them into temptation, sin, and
all manner of vile and infernal behaviors contrary to the laws of
God and of Nature. This account was compiled by our Brother


sak ? ss

Aignen, and is presented to your Holiness as evidence of

the great battles being fought against the minions of the
EvilOne in churches, cities, owns and in the countryside
throughout Europe, battles both historical and of these
current days, for the salvation and redemption of Chris-
tian souls that might otherwise be enslaved in bondage to
sin, heresy and the most foul demons of the night.

But God has not abandoned us to torment through
the Devil's wiles, but has established upon the Earth his
Church, so that men might learn how to avoid the
temptation of sin, believe in the mercy of Our Lord,
repent of their sins, and so be saved. Furthermore, God
has granted to those of faith power over demons, even as
Our Lord and Savior did command and cast out demons
from those who had by their sin become so afflicted. Yet
it is clear that demons have preyed upon mankind,
through their wicked sorceries, cruel hungers, and temp-

tations to sin and depravity, from the earliest nights of

creation.

—Excerpt of a letter to Pope Gregory from
Cardinal-Priest Battista Marzone, Inquisitor-Gen-
eral

In the Beginning

—From the History of the Holy Inquisition Contra
Diabolum enim et alii Daemones, as recorded by Aignen
le Libraire of the Order of the Sword of St. James, for
the Oculi Dei of Languedoc

Demons are an ancient breed, having been cre-
ated originally by God as spiritual and angelic
creatures in perfect innocence, who by their own
actions turned against God and became evil, and so
were cast out of heaven. And having a hatred for all
that is good and desiring to thwart the will of God
that all men should be brought to salvation through
Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are permitted
by God to tempt and persuade men to turn from the
paths of righteousness into sin. And so man is brought
into sin by the suggestion of the Devil, and in the
next world, the wicked shall suffer the same fate of
perpetual punishment with the Devil.

Scripture itself tells how our Lord was tempted
by the Devil in the wilderness, who offered Him all
the wealth and glory of the world if Christ would but
worship him. So also does the book of Job recount all
the torments the Devil was permitted to inflict on a
righteous man to test his faith. So we not only know
the Devil as a tempter of righteous men, but also that
the wealth and glory of the world is Satan's to
promise as a fiefdom in return for fealty — as any
prince or count will granta fief to one who serves him
well. Therefore, the Devil clearly has power in the

of,

world, to cause hardship and sorrow even to good
Christians, and to tempt them with the riches and
glory of the world away from God. Why does God
permit this? Surely it is to test our faith, for as the
sword becomes stronger when tempered with fire, so
too do we who put our faith in our Lord Jesus Christ
become stronger against the temptations and Dark
Arts as we are tried and tempered in battle against
our Advers:

The Early Church

Scripture records that Christ gave his disciples
the power to cast out unclean spirits in His most
Holy Name, and to all who believed in Him; and so
the charge continues to this day, that the Church
should always stand boldly against the Adversary,
and not permit the servants of Satan to take prisoner
any Christian soul.

In the early days of the Church, the fourth
Council of Carthage, in its seventh canon, pre-
scribes the rite of ordination for exorcist, which was
then one of the minor orders, along with lectors,

Yd

Lis

acolytes and door-keepers. Exorcists were given a
book of ritual exorcisms to use, to purge converts,
infants, and members of the Church from demonic
influences. In particular, the exorcists performed
their rituals over those not yet baptized and thus
secured in the faith and under the protection of
Christ's blood. Over the centuries, those duties have
fallen to ordained clergy, who used the Pontifical, or
Missal, rather than the ancient Book of Exorcisms.
Even so, it is the duty and privilege of all good
Chr
soul in torment to call upon the name of the Lord and
banish demons, not merely clerics alone.

tians secure in their faith and recognizing a

The lives of the saints are full of such exorcism:

St. Antony, who fought many times with demons,
and taught that the sign of the cross and the name of
the Lord caused demons to run in fear; St. Kentigern,
whoc
cross, saying, "Whoever envies the salvation of men
and is against the word of God, I command them in
virtue of that same word of God that they depart
straightway and not to pour any impediment onto
those who would believe." Upon hearing the saint's
words, a vast horde of grotesque creatures, horrible
in form and in aspect, quickly departed from those
gathered there.

outa multitude of demons by the sign of the

Our blessed Brother Dominic is recorded to have
cast seven demons from a woman who interrupted
his preaching with her cries, by making the sign of
the Cross and commanding the demons to depart in


the name of the Lord, so that she vomited forth
ww APONS OF THE ADVERSARY blood and charcoal, and fell to the ground in a
HA aving been so confounded by the holy swoon, but then recovered and became a favored
faith of the saints, the Devil has con- sister of the saint's new order for women.
ceived other, mo ways to plague and With my own eyes I have witnessed our blessed
subvert God's Chu seeking e Sister Teresa of St. John command demons to depart
from the bodies of the afflicted, and I have seen those
same once piteous victims, who had spoken nothing
ines, they then turn beforehand but blasphemies and curses, or emitted
to sapping the strength of the walls from beneath the sounds of animals rather than natural human
their foundations, so the Devil has sought to speech, rise up, put on modest attire, and proclaim
undermine the foundations of our Faith and thanksgiving to God for their deliverance. And so
bring our defenses crashing down. And in this he did our beloved sister teach all in her order, and they
has two primary weapons: Heresy, that subverts continue in her charge to this very day.
and distorts the Truth of the Gospels, and the F >
Dark Arts, that tempt men away from God's Onistendom Mnidec Attack
Grace through base desires, hunger for power, To those who sin and fall away from the true
carnal lusts, and terror, and so enslave them to teachings of the Church and the Holy Gospel, the
the will of deceitful demons. Church has been a reproving parent, one favoring
—_Beoermeot flenento »pe Innocent III patience, proper instruction and persuasion back to the
from Abbot Gervase le Févre of St. Denis, of the true path of righteousness for these wayward souls. For
Order of St. Theodosius, dated March 1214. those whose fault is based on ignorance, a swift return
tothe proper doctrine of the Church and repentance for

their former error is all that is required for their redemp-
tion, for they were merely deceived. For those who
remain stubborn, the Church has only the last resort of
excommunication, to deny these recalcitrant children
the benefits of holy sacraments, until they repent and
confess their faults — much as a rebellious child might
be sent from the table until he repents of his rebellion
and is then restored to his place at the table and in his
parents' approval.

True heresy, however, comes when ignorance is
no longer an excuse — that is, when the heretic
knows or has been taught the correct doctrine of the
church and then makes a conscious choice to believe
in false doctrine. So it was, I regret to say, with many
in the counties of the Langue d'oc, in Toulouse,
Carcassonne, Foix, Albi, Narbonne, and the many
towns and villages in the valleys and foothills of the
Pyrenees. The devout, apostolic poverty of the her-
eticsand their hardworking, gentle ways were admired
widely, for their simple life reminded those who
knew them of the poverty of Jesus Christ Himself
and his Apostles. And those of us who were their
neighbors, even those who kept true to the Catholic
faith, had no complaints about them, for they were
good and honest folk.

In 1145, the renowned Cistercian Abbot, Ber-
nard of Clairvaux, visited the Languedoc. He was
greatly disturbed at the extent to which this new
heresy had taken hold. He was horrified that the
heretics did not even attempt to hide their practices
or beliefs; they were revered by even the Catholics in
the towns, and supported by the local nobility. But in
the shadows of twilight, the Cistercian discovered
an even more insidious horror, a vile and demonic
cancer that was eating away the souls and draining
the blood of the people of the Languedoc, using the
gentle poverty of the heretics as cover for their
abominations.

Initial Kiemishes

Authorities on the subject of demons and the
Dark Arts list Satan and the fallen angels as the
highest order of demons; beneath them are those the
pagans call gods, and the old creatures of legend —
kobolds, faeries, dwarves, and the like — as the
lowest order of all. All have heard of strigae, night-
riding hags that drink blood, succubi and incubi who
lustfully seduce mortals in the Devil's cause, and the
the women who sneak out at night
through closed doors and ride the land with Diana
ona wild hunt. Stories of witches who practice vile
acts and adore the Devil, or fools tricked into selling

bonae mulier

their souls to the Devil, are too prevalent not to have
some truth behind them. Even priests use such
stories in their sermons to illustrate God's power or
the consequences of sin and immorality. More often,

THe Cainite Her
AA oly father, I tremble to report on what I
have seen, for the cure of souls given to our
care by our most Blessed Savior. For we are besieged
by more than just the wicked deceits of mortal men,
and I have seen with my own eyes the hand of Satan
the Adversary at work among the heretics in this
pleasant land. Demons in the guise of angels teach
obscene blasphemies to the unsuspecting, and pervert
the Holy Eucharist, befouling it with their own
noxious blood. They glorify the name of Cain, the
first murderer, and proclaim salvation through the
drinking of the "shining blood," which they say flow:
om the very veins of the one that God Himself
claim freedom from the chains of the
material world, and likewise deny the just and righ-
teous commandments of our Lord and Holy Mother
Church, indulging in all manner of grievous sins,
lust, incest, fornication, unnatural acts, murder,
adoration of the Devil, and obscene demonic rites.
And in these practices they are led by demons, blood-
drinking lemure in human guis
them to even greater depravity, even to feastingon the
flesh and blood of the innocent.

I myself encountered one of these creatures,
which had the appearance of a pale, beautiful
young man, perfect in body, in the liken :
angel, who was wont to appear on occasion to the
monks of a certain cloister near Toulouse, and so
inspire their passions to sin, both with it and with
each other. Yet when I spoke to it in the name of
the Lord, the radiance of its countenance failed,
and it
and showing sharp teeth like a wolf. I then com-
manded it to depart in the name of Our Lord, and
it fled, fearful of the wrath of God.

The brothers of that cloister were amazed,
and then driven to anger, at the flight of that which
they had ly worshiped. To my sorrow,
their wrath then fell upon me, the servant of God,
and I and my companions were forced to flee, for
they would not hear the word of God, nor recog-
nize the evil in their midst.

, who encourage

ealed its true demonic nature, snarling

— Excerpt of a letter from Bernard de
Clairvaux, Abbot of Cluny, to Pope Eugenius
III and to the Bishop of Toulouse


THe UNFORTUNATE MATTEROF BROTHER
Everard DEGASCONY

he Theodosians have never been

known for their conservatism — par-
ticularly when it comes to the preservation of
knowledge, even knowledge proscribed in
Church canon. In their libraries are said to be
locked away many a banned text, and rumors of
sexual licentiousness and dabbling in forbidden
mysteries now taint their formerly quiet reputa-
tion —all due to one notorious incident nearly
acentury ago. In the mid-1100s, Brother Everard
de Gascony and a small group of his brethren
apparently attempted a highly dangerous and
suspect ritual in a remote abbey in the Pyrenees.
The Red Order managed to suppress the details,
but not the results — the abbey itself was totally
destroyed, and none of the brethren survived.
Asaresult of Brother Everard's terrible actions,
the order found itself under extreme scrutiny by
the Church, and it was very nearly disbanded as
an order.

Fortunately, the order had an able cham-
pion, in the person of Abbot Gualhard de
Mozencs, of the Abbey de Laurendine near
Toulouse. His approach to preserving the order
was twofold: First, he immediately proscribed
all research and experimentation outside of
abbey walls, and he ordered access to any sus-
pect books be strictly limited to senior members
of the order. Such books as could be spared were
immediately and very publicly burnt, so as to
assure locals that no such incident could ever
happen again. He then spent the better part of
the next three years politicking in Rome, dem-
onstrating the piety and dedication of the order
and the value of its scholarship to the Church.
It is possible there was more to the negotiations
with Pope Alexander III] than is commonly
known, but the Papal Bull of 1173 formally
affirmed the order's existence and mission of
Christian scholarship. However, among the
suspicious, the order's reputation would be for-
ever tainted.

, tales are told in whispers at the fireside,
tales that are too horrifying for children's ears, of
what awaits the unwary or unlucky in the darkness

howeve

outside the cottage door or castle wall.

For some, those tales are not mere fantasy, but

have been proven all too real.

Gots Crusaders

Gauthier de Dampiere willingly accepted his
commission from God to be His sword against the
true Adversary, Satan himself, and all the foul crea-
tures that served him. Born the third son of a French
count, he took up the sword and calling of knight-
hood, and proved himself not only an able warrior
but a devout Christian. So it came as no surprise that
he also willingly answered the call to Crusade —
though he surprised his family by declaring he would
go as a poor knight, renouncing all the possessions
and status to which his rank entitled him. Gauthier
joined the forces of King Philip Augustus of France
and traveled to Outremer, expecting to fight Saracens.
iled to him in a dream that his
quest would be even greater and more perilous — to

night-

Instead, God re

fight not mere men, but the "true enemy"

Carbinat BaTTisTA MARZONE,
INQUISITOR-GENERAL

orn the son of a noble family in

Ostia in 1172, he received his educa-
tion at the universities of Paris and Bologna,
and was appointed canon at the Church of St.
Maria Scala Coeli. Celestine III elevated him
to Cardinal-Deacon of Sts. Giovanni e Paolo
in 1196. In 1208, Innocent III appointed him
Inquisitor-General contra Diabolum enim et alii
daemones. Honorius raised him to Cardinal-
Priest of St. Maria della Vittoria in 1217. He
declines further elevation from Gregory in
1230, saying that the responsibilities of his
position with the Inquisition left no time to
properly attend to a bishopric.

Marzone is a shrewd and perceptive man,
whose devotion to the Church and to God is
unquestionable, and whose orthodoxy is be-
yond reproach. In a world where nepotism is
the rule and family connections can make or
break a man's career, Marzone earned promo-
tion in the Church through dedicated service,
administrative competence, and a reputation
for balancing personal honor and political
pragmatism. In Marzone, Innocent III found a
man whose political talents and dedication to
the Church could create an organization ca-
pable of ferreting out corruption and the agents
of the Devil even from the ranks of the clergy,
and to do so without regard to family, rank, or
political agendas.

DARKAGESAN@UISITOR —
—— a

hunting devils that preyed on men like cattle, and
used ungodly powers to pervert their souls.
Horrified, but trusting in God's strength, he
confronted first one demon, then another, and
learned how they might be recognized, thwarted,
and destroyed. Nor did he fight alone, but inspired
many good Christian knights to follow him in his

holy quest, and so he continues to this very day.

The Call fo Crusade

Pope Celestine III died in 1198, at well over
ninety years of age. I am told that on his deathbed,
the pontiff recommended to the College of Cardi-
nals that they elect Giovanni di Colonna as his
successor. However, to the greater glory of God,
some among the College of Cardinals arranged in-
stead for the election of Lotario dei Conti Segni,
Cardinal-Priest of St. Prudentia, on the very day of
Celestine's death. The noble Cardinal had spent the

years of Celestine's reign in political retirement,
devoting himself chiefly to meditation and literary
pursuits, for Celestine had been of the House of
Orsini, enemies to the dei Conti Segni. Yet he was
known in Rome and among members of the College
as a brilliant theologian, a master of canon law, and
a man of great political acumen. He reluctantly
agreed to return to Rome and accept the papal tiara,
and took the name of Innocent III.

Among the authors of Innocent's ascension was
Cardinal-Deacon Battista Marzone.

The MopesInquisitor

Responding to the reports of heresy in Languedoc,
Lombardy and other parts of the Empire, Innocent
commissioned a number of Cistercian monks as
papal legates to go to Languedoc and persuade the
heretics back into the arms of the Church. But the
legates met with little success in their mission, for
they were proud and arrogant men, and seemed far
less representative of Christ than the heretics them-
selves, who lived simple and blameless lives.

Dominic Guzman, a canon of Osma whom the
Pope had also commissioned to preach to the her-
etics, quickly realized this, though they paid little
heed to his wise advice. He himself lived in blameless

poverty as he traveled and preached, and indeed, did
so for all his natural life. And while his converts
among the heretics were few, he gained much re-
spect among the people. But Dominic was alsoa man
of faith and keen observation, and he discovered far

worse things than heretics lurking in the shadows of

Toulouse and Carcassonne. Like Bernard of

ST ET

Clairvaux, he also wrote to the Pope, setting forth
his fears and suspicions.
The Pope was greatly troubled by Dominic's

letter and similar

ports received from other sources
and discovered in the papal archives. He appointed
Cardinal Marzone to the office of Special Papal
Legate and Inquisitor, charging him to investigate
and determine the truth of these reports, and recom-
mend an expedient and practical remedy. Though
obedient as always to the Pope's wishes, the good
Cardinal was not at first convinced of the need for

such an investigation — heretics there were in

DRIGUE DE NAVARRE AND
THE SWORD OF St. JAMES

@) odrigue de Navarre, an Iberian noble

NN man with familial ties in Toulouse, first
became aware of the-"night-demons" and the
Cainite Heresy when he obtained a portion of the
Book of Shining Blood from the ruins of a heretical
monastery in his wife's lands. Realizi
mity of the horror the book represented, he knew
he could do no less than to fight it. But being by
nature a cautious man, and not a warrior by
athering in-
formation than acting immediately against the
enemy. Tothisend, he and two close companions
participated in the Fourth Crusade, though ac-
counts of his experiences the y wildly. Upon
home, he formed the Sword of St.
James, a small select order sworn to hunt the

x the enor-

training, he concentrated more on

his retun

night-demons in Iberia.
hough dedicated to their holy mission, their
first real encounter with the enemy

tragically unprepared. Rodrigue and his followers

und them

became the unwitting objects of acruel and deadly
mind game, engineered by the Cainite Xalbador.
Playing on th
own mind-twisting powers, Xalbador

snorance of his enemies and his
created the
nt Cainite
conspiracy dominating the mortal world, towhom

illusion of an ancient and omnipot

mortal men were merely pawns and cattle, de
serted centuries ago by an uncaring God. Even
though the Cainite was finally destroyed, the
aken, having lost a third of its
membership. Rodrigue's natural caution now deep-
ened into a pervading paranoia that would affect

Sword was badly s

the Sword for decades to come, and it led to the
creation of the Oculi Dei, a clandestine network
of spies and informants whose reports did nothing
to slow their founder's growing dementia.


Languedoc, certainly, but perhaps Dominic's zeal for
his mission was leading him awry, for the Cistercians
had not reported such things. His mission was kept
secret at first more to prevent ruin of his reputation

as a career churchman than from any sense of per-
sonal peril. That the Church itself had been
compromised by demonic influences had not yet
been imagined even by Dominic.

By dice andSvoord
The Ulbigensian Crusade

In 1209, one of the most offensive of the papal
legates in the Languedoc was murdered. Pope Inno-
cent then declared a crusade, calling on Christian
noblemen and knights to depose the rightful lords of

the Languedoc by force of arms, and to replace them
with good Catholics who would do their duty to
stamp out heresy among the people. Led by the
landless younger sons of French noblemen, with a
host of thousands of knights, men-at-arms, and ad-
venturers, the crusaders marched on Languedoc.

The crusaders first destroyed the town of B
and massacred all its citizens — approximately 20,000
men, women and children, Catholic and heretic
alike — in the name of God.

ers,

As the victorious army marched on to besiege
the heavily fortified city of Carcassonne, Cardinal
Marzone arrived in the region to begin his investiga-
tions. By the grace of God, among the crusaders he
first encountered was Gauthier de Dampiere, whose
battle lay not with the people of Carcassonne, but
with the demons who hid behind the city's walls.

When the city surrendered after a bitter siege, all
its inhabitants, whether Catholic, heretic or Jew,
were forced to abandon Carcassonne with nothing
more than the clothes on their backs, leaving all
their possessions and material wealth for their con-
querors.

But Gauthier knew the city was not nearly as
empty as it seemed.

When nightfall came, a small band of armored
knights led by Gauthier de Dampiere prepared to
face the real evil in Carcassonne — Gauthier made
certain Cardinal Marzone would never forget that
night. The Cardinal's first encounter with an actual
demon might well have been his last, had Gauthier
not been at his side. The creature first appeared as a
young girl, anxious to convince them of her adher-
ence to the Catholic faith. But when Gauthier bade
her swear on his sword in the name of Christ, her
al a nightmarish
hag, dressed in fur-trimmed rags, with a mouthful of

human form melted away to rev

1 b 64 GESHNQ@UISITC

Vt SORRY ag

"

acgdases

like a lion's. Despite her
trong enough to hurl one of

sharp teeth and clav
withered frame, she w:
Gauthier's companions the width of the street; only
when Gauthier managed to split her skull in two did
she die, her body immediately decaying until noth-
ing remained but her rags and a pile of fine gray ash.
She was but one of three Gauthier and his compan-
ions slew that night, though at least one managed to
ght before any of

escape them, flickering out of
them could land a blow.

Cardinal Marzone needed no more convincing
that this was indeed an evil the Church could not fail
to stand against, for the good of all Christian souls.
And if Carcassonne had been so infected, it was
fearful indeed to imagine how many more such
creatures there might be, haunting the dark streets of
all the cities and towns of Christendom. He returned
to Rome a man committed to fighting a war, God's
General against all the forces of Hell.

The Filgcirriage

Now set in his holy purpose and determined to
succeed, Cardinal Marzone was nevertheless greatly
troubled over the enormity of the task set before him.
Unsure of how far the horror had spread throughout
Christendom, Cardinal Marzone set forth on an
unusual pilgrimage — to investigate first-hand some
of the reports he had heard. Carcassonne was but the
first stop ina long journey, not only across the length
and breadth of Europe, but in understanding the
nature of the Adversary God called on him to fight.
What follows herein is but a shortening of the tale as
he and his companions told it to me, for the full
length of it would be far too great for this missive.

Realizing that his rank, his distinctive vest-
ments and regalia, and the necessary entourage that
accompanied a prince of the Church (and the con-
stant stream of petitioners and sycophants who sought
his favor or support) would prevent him from seeing
the truth he sought, Marzone took upon himself the
role and garb of a simple priest. His entourage was
limited to a mere dozen s , translators, clerical
assistants, local guides, plus two knights, one of
whom was Gauthier himself. Thus, they traveled as
asmall band of humble pilgrims, even as Our Savior
had once traveled across Palestine with his disciples.

cribes

It was a sobering experience, for as he learned to
recognize the signs of the enemy, he became ever
more aware of how insidious and deeply rooted the
night-devils had become. In city, town and rural
hamlet, the Cardinal-turned-priest heard confes-
sions, questioned witnesses, observed the fiery

execution of heretics, and examined the bodies of
ims. He listened to local folktales and legends,
and the moral fables used by village priests to illus-
trate their sermons. He talked to pilgrims about
shrines they had visited and what they had seen, and
to traveling merchants about the safety of the roads
after dark. As he traveled, he gathered pieces of a
vast, complicated puzzle: the moral laxity of the
secular clergy in Marseilles, the prevalence of her-
etics in Lombardy, tournaments in Burgundy held
only at night by torchlight, rumors of unhallowed
dead that inhabited the Catacombs outside of Rome,
a pack of demonic wolves that haunted the Black
Forest of Bavaria.

On a misty ridge in Wales, he examined the
scorched and crumbled ruins of a monastery that had
been rumored to be the site of a school of dark
sorcerers less than a year before, but whose destruc-
tion had come in the form of a fiery ball delivered
from the heavens, clearly a sign of God's righteous
judgment. On the plain of Glastonbury, he was
shown the great circle of stones, said to have been
placed there by the enchanter Merlin as a tomb for
an ancient king.

During the course of his pilgrimage, Marzone
had a number of close brushes with the minions of
the Adversary, and several times it was only by God's
grace that he escaped with his life. In a remote
monastery in the Pyrenees, the Cardinal and his
companions were roused from their beds by its aging
abbot and urged to take cover in an empty cellar
when a troop of hostile knights attacked the monas-
tery by night. Spending the night in earnest prayer,
while their knight-protectors stood anxious guard
over the cellar's single door, they emerged the next
morning to discover the monastery ransacked, its
library and altar trappings stolen, and the brothers
And of
the old abbot who had awakened them and led them
to their refuge, there was no sign.

slain —some without a mark on their bod

In Avignon, a priest sought them in secret and
whispered fearfully of a ghost that stalked the streets
and called its victims to it by name before devouring
their souls. The following morning the priest did not
meet them as promised, and later his body wz
discovered in a bathhouse, where he had apparently
drowned.

Yet amidst all the tales of horror and despair,
Marzone and his companions also discovered bea-
cons of hope, a devout and faithful few who fought
their own battles with the demons of the night and,
with God's help, prevailed. In particular, several of

a
¥ —= i i
: ===


these individuals proved useful companions, as had
Gauthier de Dampiere, and were taken into the
Cardinal's confidence as fellow soldiers in the cause

of Our Lord.

The Abbot of St Denis

At the shrine of St. Martin in Tours, the Cardi-
nal and his party encountered Brother Isidro de
Compostela, a monk of the Order of St. Theodosius.
Isidro was a scholar and theologian, and had made a
particular study of demonology and rites of exorcism.
He was also an accomplished demon hunter; he had
for a time even possessed a demonic reliquary, a jar
with cryptic picture markingsand a crowned serpents
head fora lid, that had contained a shriveled human
heart. Unfortunately, it must have been of great
value, for the fiends stole it back before he could
adequately study it.

From Isidro, the Cardinal learned not only of the
sification of demon

c and the exorcisms for each,
but of the Red Order, its philosophy, history, and
current afflictions. Their abbey near Toulouse had
been ransacked by the French Crusaders, and many
of their precious books burned. Their brotherhood
was now scattered, though some, including Isidro,
had found refuge in their order's Abbey de St. Denis,
near Paris. But St. Denis was more than merely a
y for scholars; it had become a fortress of
God's might, home of a band of stout-hearted monks
who waged an ongoing battle against the forces of
the Adversary. Hea
accepted Isidro's invitation to visit St. Denis and
witness the order's efforts for himself.

Atthe Abbey de St. Denis, the Cardinal made the
acquaintance of Abbot Gervése le Févre, a man of
common birth but uncommon faith and talent, and
dedicated to the eradication of what he called "the
Cainite curse" from his native city. To this end, he had
all but created his own private Inquisition, monks and
lay informants within the city to gain what information
could be found, in order to hunt down and destroy as
many of the foul creatures

ring of this, the Cardinal eagerly

as possible.

Cardinal Marzone could not help but be im-
pressed by the Abbot's courage and sheer
determination, and by his success. Besides the crea-
ture that Isidro had slain, at least three others had
been destroyed in the past year alone. Though the
Abbot was clearly proud of their success thus far, he
also warned the fight would not be easy, for their
enemy did not lack courage or strength. Yet he was
certain that with God's help, they would prevail.

Cardinal Marzone left Paris greatly encouraged.
For if God had such stalwart and stubborn souls as

Abbot Gervése le Févre on His side, perhaps the
battle set before them might yet be won.

The Cardinal then returned to Rome to take up
additional responsibilities on the behalf of the Pa-
pacy. Innocent had called for a great ecumenical
council to be held at the Lateran Palace, to codify
doctrinal issues that had been neglected by the Holy
See, and to also proclaim a new Crusade to the Holy
Land. Papal invitations were sent to all the bishops,
abbots, priors, and chapters of churches and religious
orders, as well as to kings and civil authorities through-
out Europe.

The Devil in Gots House

While traveling in Tuscany to promote the
Pope's council, the Cardinal met a weary, footsore
monk praying at the side of the road. When the
Cardinal revealed his identity and rank, Brother
Leopold von Murnau spoke in whispers about visit-
ing a particular abbey in Mainz on an errand for the
Archbishop. The monks there appeared pious enough
during the day, but after nightfall indulged in de-
monic rituals, until their whole chapel stank as
much of blood as incense. He had found evidence of
the same corrupt taint in major churches in Mainz,
Magdeburg and Cologne. But no one he spoke to,
not even the Archbishop, would believe his tale, and
all called him mad. Having no other choice, he had
then embarked on foot to Rome, praying desperately
to Our Lord that someone there might heed his
warning.

This was troubling news indeed. For while
Marzone had for the most part concealed his identity
and purpose while on his pilgrimage, he had hardly
thought it nece:
bishops, archbishops, or his peers in the Curia. Yet
Leopold clearly believed it possible that even high-
ranking princes of the Church might be tainted with
the devil's mark. Only in private would he confess
how he was certain; Leopold claimed to be able to
actually smell the devil's corruption, as it clung to
places, things, or even people who had been tainted
by the devil's wiles. It was easy to see why some had
thought him mad.

ssary to conceal his mission from

And yet, the other evidence Marzone had seen
all bore witness to the same terrible truth. Pope
Innocent had passed on to hima letter received from
a monk named Brother Bruno of Anweiler who
wrote of demons he called vampyr, who claimed
descent from Cain, rather than Abel, and sustained
their own unnatural lives by feeding on human
blood. The monk warned that these vampyr were
founding blood-cults throughout Europe, using guile

a


LEOPOLD OF Murnau

Gree actually born the eldest son
~) of the Count of Murnau in Bavaria,
Leopold was slightly built and sickly as a
child, and willingly waived his rights as heir
to go into the Church. Studious and analyti-
cal, he studied canon law and theology in
Bologna before becoming a canon at the
Cathedral in Mainz. There he proved so
gifted at administration and study that he

became a personal assistant to the Arch-

bishop. Leopold was keenly inquisi
well as dedicated to God, but the unpl
manifestation of his family's "legac
him many sleepless nights, fearful as he was of
discovery either by Church authorities, who

" gave

ight see his sensitivity as a sign of demonic
possession, or by those who would see him as
threat to their unholy schemes. The me
ing with Cardinal Ma the answer to
adesperate prayer, to find someone, anyone in
the Church hierarchy who would listen to his
warning without thinking him pos
mad. Leopold willingly joined the Cardinal's
cause, though not without a sense of irony
that the legacy he'd fled to the Church to
avoid had ended up claiming him anyway.
Despite his admiration and respect for Cardi-
> their holy
crusade, it was years before he finally con-

one wa

essed or

nal Marzone and his dedication

fessed the truth about the Murnau "legacy" to
the Pope's Inquisitor-General.

and unholy powers to tempt men and women into
sin, demonic rituals and unnatural lusts. And worst
of all, he believed — or so the demons had told him

that they had once been mortal men. What vile
pact they must have sworn to so transform them-
selves from men to monsters, not even the Cardinal
dared imagine.

or was this the only such warning the Pope had
received. For Dominic Guzman had written much
the same, and even Abbot Gervése had said that the
demons could cloak themselves in the guise of holy
men. If this evil could corrupt the very body of Christ
like a foul and wasting disease... then it was almost
past time for remedy. The rotting flesh had to be
excised, and that which remained healthy protected
against further injury.

Cardinal Marzone began to gather a trusted
circle of associates, men of strong faith, and all sworn

to God's service in at least some degree. Among
those were Brother Etienne de Narbonne, a devout
Cistercian monk who had joined Marzone's pilgrim-
age; Brother Thibaut, a shrewd old Benedictine who
had been on Crusade in his more martial youth; the
German canon Leopold von Murnau, and Andrea
Pitti, asharp-faced Florentine priest with a talent for
understanding political intrigue. Marzone also in-
cluded Abbot Gervése and Brother Isidro of the
Theodosians, Dominic Guzman and his followers,
and the faithful knight Gauthier de Dampiere and
his companions, though none of these worthies was
resident in Rome.

There was also one in the Curia whose judgment
he was certain of, and to Cardinal Ugolino dei Conti
Segni, kinsman of the Pope, he spoke at great length.
Cardinal Ugolino was an experienced papal legate
and diplomat, and a champion of papal privilege and
the Church. With Cardinal Ugolino's help, and that
of a select handful of others whom both Cardinals
and Leopold von Murnau's peculiar talent had ap-
proved, they prepared to do what they could to
secure the Lateran for the comin

The Seer of Marcid

A few weeks prior to the conference, Cardinal
Marzone was in Piacenza, and as had become his

ig CC

favored custom when traveling on matters relating to
his holy commission, he wore only the garb of a com-
mon priest, and traveled but witha few loyal attendants.

Atthe gates of the city, he witnessed a nun in the
habit of the Benedictines standing over a wretched
girl in a ragged tunic, who by her actions was clearly
possessed. The Holy Sister raised her arms and com-
manded the demon possessing the girl to depart at
once, in the holy name of Our Lord Jesus Christ.
Marzone had rarely heard such a ringing invocation
of the rites of exorcism, and never by a woman. The
y, but the Holy Sister
did not relent. By the time the Cardinal and his
entourage finally made it through the crowd, they
found the girl weeping piteously as the Holy Sister

girl screamed, begging for mere

held her close and spoke soothingly to her.

Some there were in the crowd who muttered of
sorcery, but a young German nobleman with red-
blond hair stepped forward and passionately
proclaimed the Sister's innocence in any witchery.
For surely all present could attest the girl had been
possessed, and so pity, if not faith, demanded that
something be done to relieve her suffering. And did
not Christ himself proclaim that those who believed
in Him should have the authority cast out devils in

ee ee

"CHARTER TWO.
"CALL TO ARN


Gt fT. 7

His name? Even Brother Leopold, speaking low in
the Cardinal's ear, concurred with the young

qr f
=

German's testimony.

And so the Cardinal met the Iberian seer, Teresa
of St. John. Sister Teresa was the leader of a small
order of sisters who had sent her to petition the Pope
to recognize their order, and permit them to estab-
lish an abbey in the Holy Land.

She also told him of her visions, and had one for
him: "This you need, a head, a heart, a sword, eyes to
see, and alamp to pierce the darkness. And with the eyes
you will not only see but perceive; with the sword you
shall defend and conquer; with the heart you shall know
compassion and God's truth; with the head you shall
understand your enemy, and with the lamp you shall seek
him out and he shall not be able to hide from its light. And
you shall loose the hounds of the Lord, and the servants
of darkness will flee before you, fearing God' s holy wrath
and purifying fire. For those who revel in darkness fear
the light, for it shows them for what they are. They mask
themselves in shadows and illusion, deception is their
truth, and they feast even on their own offspring. There
will be war in the courts of the night, and the fall of the
wicked shall bring fear to all who witness it. And you will
bring the lamp to the rock and cleanse it of unclean blood,
the blood of the murderer, and those who stand strong
against the night shall be feared by those that love it, for
generation upon generation yet to come."

Politicsand Procedure

"... to eradicate vices and to plant virtues, to correct
faults and to reform morals, to remove heresies and to
strengthen faith, to settle discords and to establish peace,
to get rid of oppression and to foster liberty, to induce
princes and Christian people to come to the aid and succor

of the Holy Land...."

—Pope Innocent III, describing the intended pur-

pose of the ecumenical council set for November, 1215

Che Soucth Lateran Council of 1215

Innocent's Council was the largest gathering of
Church leaders in a millennium, and one of the
highest achievements of his papal reign. The con-
clave went on fora month, and a flurry of decrees

70 in all — were made into canon. In particular,
heresy and heretics were strongly condemned, and a
1. The Council
also produced a long declaration of a new Crusade to

crusade against heretics authoriz

free the Holy Land from the Saracens.

Sister Teresa the Seer and her companions were
at first disappointed by a ruling of the Council
forbidding the founding of new orders, but being


LeoPOLD's CONFESSION:
THe LeGacy or Murnau
J eopold von Murnau did not immedi-

ately recognize his nephew Otto —
hardly surprising, as he hadn't seen the boy
since he was a small child — but he did r
nize the Murnau legacy in action. Upon verifying
the young man's identity, and realizing that it
was only a matter of time before Cardinal
Marzone figured out the relationship, and the
source of Otto's gift that was so much like his
own, Leopold went to the Cardinal and told
him the whole stor
both himself, and to keep the family's dark
secret, Leopold did so as part of a formal conf
sion, which the Cardinal was then obligated by
to keep confidential.
Leopold rose from that confessional half-
d from the Cardinal's
vice, but Marzone me'

s to protect

his vows as a pri

pecting to be dismi
assigned him the
usual penances fo! ion, and left the
matter there. Unfortunately for Leopold's peace
of mind, Otto himself was less recalcitrant, and
upon learning of the Cardinal's interests, vol-

a lie of omi:

unteered not only himself, but all members of
the Murnau family and those in their service to
the Inquisition's holy caus

That Otto did not actually have the author-
ity to do so, being neither the head of the family
nor even the heir, was a minor sticking point.

Upon the request of the Holy See when the
Inquisition was formally organized, and with
some negotiation as to how nonclerical mem-
bers of the House were to serve under the
command of the Church, Count Frederick von
Murnau gave his leave for members of the
family and their retainers to participate in the
Inquisition as their hearts and consciences bade
them do so. Otto von Murnau was appointed
the family's official liaison with the Inquisition,
and was k of
ensuring that those of the House of Murnau
who did so participate were worthy of the trust
placed in them — and the responsibility of
dealing with those who proved otherwi:

also given the less welcome tas

strong in their faith as to God's will, they submitted
their petition to the Pope anyway. And in this
matter, God provided them an advocate with some-
what more standing and eloquence than Otto von

SS - CALL TO ARMS -

Murnau. For Cardinal Ugolino dei Conti Segni
himself had for some time been interested in estab-
lishing houses of religion for women, and he found
the wishes of the Sisters of St. John to be in accord
with his own. With the support of Cardinal Ugolino,
the petition for recognition of the order was ap-

proved, and the Sisters of St. John were granted an
abbey in the Holy Land, in Tyre, where they were
charged to build a hospital in preparation for the

coming Crusade.

Vope Donorius333

In 1216, while on a visit to Perugia to proclaim
the upcoming Crusade, Pope Innocent died.

In order to hasten the choice of successor in
troubled times, the College of Cardinals empowered
Cardinals Ugolino dei Conti di Segni of Ostia and
Guido of Preneste to appoint the new pope. Their
choice was Cencio Savelli, who took the name of
Honorius II].

They could hardly have chosen a better man to
continue the good work that Innocent had begun, for
among his first acts as pontiff, Honorius recognized the
new Order of Friars Preachers, led by Dominic Guzman,
and bestowed upon the order the church of Saint Sixtus
in Rome. Dominic came to Rome and bent his efforts
toestablishing orderamong the many houses of religion
for women in the city, as well as sending his followers
out across Europe to preach and found convents for the
order's growth.

In Italy, Dominic also worked closely with Cardi-
nal Marzone, passing on reports from his friars of
Cainites, vampyr, or other demonic activities they
encountered. In this endeavor he made the close ac-
quaintance of Leopold von Murnau, who had taken

upon himself the task of organizing such reports in a

useful archive. Leopold was greatly impressed with the
Castilian friar, and within a year, with the Cardinal's
permission, had taken the habit of Dominic's order,
willingly embracing poverty and obedience to Dominic's
Rule, which he wears to this day.

The Rnightsol the Broken Cross

In 1217, the faithful knight Gauthier de
Dampiere once again answered the call to Crusade
and returned to the Holy Land. In the city of Acre,
a piece of

he learned of a great and powerful relic
Christ's true cross — in danger from the profaning
hands of demonic knights. Acting swiftly and boldly,
he and a handful of his companions managed to
rescue the relic and brought it to Cyprus. By now, his
words as well as his deeds were bearing fruit, for


others had joined him in his fight. A company of
like-minded knights, who willingly took holy vows
as warriors of God to seek out and destroy evil
wherever it was found, followed his shining example.

In recognition of Gauthier's courage, dedication
and faith in doing the Lord's work, Cardinal Marzone
became a patron to this fledgling brotherhood, and
finally in 1219 he persuaded Pope Honorius to rec-
ognize and support the new Order of the Poor Knights
of the Passion of the Cross of Acre. In honor of the
relic that now became the precious charge of their
order, the Knights took the device of a broken red
cross as their badge.

The Sistersof St dohn

In 1222, the Saracens attacked and burned the
Abbey of the Sisters of St. John in Tyre. Yet, due to
the persuasiveness of Sister Teresa, and their respect
for the holy women who dwelt there, the S:
permitted the Sisters to depart unmolested. Sister
Teresa brought the majority of them to her native
land of Castile, where through the influence of her
family and the generosity of the King, they were
granted an abbey in the hills near Madrid. That
d St. John the
Evangelist, became the primary chapter-house of

Saracens

structure, dedicated to the bless

their order.

The Matter of the Ked Order

Ever pursuing the holy commission given him by
Cardinal Marzone now marshaled
his forces and sent messages to those whose support
he had learned to rely on in the past. With the
blessing of Pope Honorius, he began to forge an
organization which would become the chief de-
fender of Rome and provide the inquisitors to
investigate and vanquish the minions of the Adver-

Pope Innocent,

sary throughout Christendom. Among those entire

orders that he recommended be incorporated were
the Poor Knights of the Cross of the Passion of Acre;
the Sisters of St. John; the brothers of the Order of
St. Theodosius of the Abbey of St. Denis; and certain
members of the House of Murnau who had agreed to
take a vow of obedience to their cause. He also
presented a list with certain individuals in whom he
had great trust, such as Brother Leopold von Murnau,
Etienne de Narbonne, and Andrea Pitti.

The fledgling Inquisition was dealt an early
setback, this time by the Pope himself, in the matter
of the brothers of the Order of St. Theodosius. For
unbeknownst to Abbot Gervése, his brother Abbot
Ramon de Lavour had submitted a petition seeking

to re-establish their Abbey at Laurendine, near
Toulouse, on the basis of their order's historic char-
In having the charter itself researched, the
's shadowed past was also brought
to light, which aroused the Pope's suspicion as to the
order's orthodoxy. Nor did Abbot Ramon seem to
have the least interest in the
being undertaken by his brother
which he believed detracted from the order's origi-

ter.

matter of the order

"reckless endeavors"
Abbot Gervése,

nal purpose of research and study.

Pope Honorius not only refused the petition, he
was then hesitant about the order's suitability as mem-
bers of the Inquisition at all. Cardinal Marzone sent a
letter to Abbot Ger
representative to Rome to plead the order's cause,

se to request he send a trusted

perhaps Brother Isidro, who Marzone remembered as
being especially articulate about his faith and mission.
As it happened, Abbot Gervése himself came — a
sober, determined Gervése whospoke tearfully of Brother
Isidro's recent death at the hands of a particularly
powerful vampyr, and who promised the order would
take appropriate vengeance. He also brought along
another representative — of the Order of Red Sisters,
Sister Vittoria di Parma of St. Clothilde's.

A Ithough it does not appear in the
OL history of the Inquisition, nor indeed
in any known written records thereof (except
possibly the secret files of the Oculi Dei), the
Red Order had another strong reason for inclu-
sion in the fledgling Inquisition. Many, though
by no means all, of its numbers are afflicted
with the stigmata. Most simply suffer the pain
of the lash on their backs or the crown of thorns
on their heads, but some bleed from the other
wounds of Christ — the wrists, feet, and even
the side.

Some within the Inquisition who know of
this phenomenon, however, point out that just
as many Red Brothers and Sisters suffer from
odd, spontaneous wounds that have nothing to
do with Christ ering. Some manifest boils
and other s , and many do not develop any
wounds at all. The Red Order's detractors
point out that a wound in one's wrist does not
Stigmata make. Whatever the truth, the Red

r's inclusion in the Inquisition, w!

ed entirely on its members' odd

propensity tow the stigmata, certainly
wasn't hurt by that phenomenon.

ores

ile cer-


Though hardly Isidro
had been, Abbot Gervése made up for it by his ardent
faith and commitment to the fight against the Devil.
Sister Vittoria was soft-spoken and her behavior
modest, but she was surprisingly no less determined
and steel-willed when it came to opposing the Ad-
versary. Faced with such admirable and devout
examples of the best the Theodosians had to offer,
Pope Honorius approved the Red Order — provi-
sionally — members of the secret Inquisition.

The Council of faith

The first Council of Faith — so named because
of Sister Teresa's admonition to hold to faith above
all — was held in 1223. Representatives from all the
orders attended: Sister Teresa sent Sister
Immaculata, as well as a lengthy letter detailing her
latest visions; Abbot Gervése was there from Paris
with two of his Brothers, and the Red Sisters were
represented by Sister Vittoria di Parma; Sir Gauthier
de Dampiere and Sir Fatino di Milano were there for
the Poor Knights of Acre; and Otto von Murnau
represented his family (Brother Leopold being one of
the Cardinal's personal staff, he did not feel it appro-
priate that he should be the family representative as
well). Cardinal Marzone presided over the meeting,
and several of his long-time trusted associates, such
as Brother Leopold and Father Andrea Pitti, were
also in attendance.

s polished a speaker

Much was discussed. The safety and sanctity
of Rome and of the person of the Pope were
debated; as was the division of responsibility for
investigating rumors and reports of vampyr,
Cainites,
tures in different jurisdictions of Christendom.
For cities or counties that already had an abbey or
house holding a particular order, the division
seemed simple enough; what became difficult was
determining how far the responsibility of a given
abbey, house or commandery might be extended,
so as to account for towns or regions with no such
house present within them. There was also the
matter of how to handle a large city, such as Rome,
Paris or Magdeburg, where more than one order
(the Murnau family holdings being classed roughly
equivalent to a small abbey, though their numbers
were decidedly fewer) existed. And of course, it
was out of the question to ask the cloistered sisters
of either the Order of St. John or St. Theodosius
to leave their abbeys in pursuit of demons, al-
though it was clear that Sister Vittoria did not
agree with her brothers on this issue.

witches, or other such demonic crea-

Butafter two months of discussion, arguments, and
sharing experiences and information, a strategy for
action was agreed upon. And in a formal, but privately
held, Mass, the Pope himself commissioned the
inquisitores contra Diabolum enim et alii daemones.

The Secret Inquisition

With the Pope's blessing, and trusting in God's
grace, the newly formed Inquisition set to work. In
Paris, Abbot Gervése continued his campaign against
the Cainite infestation. In Magdeburg, the Knights
embarked on a mission to inves'
Cainites amid their brother order, the Teutonic
Knights. The Murnau were as active as ever in the
court of the Emperor, though what they were doing
clear. There were suc sand
there were some disastrous failures, particularly from

igate the rumors of

there was not alw

lack of shared counsel or planning between orders, or
even between inquisitors nominally of the same
order who did not take each other's intentions into
account. In one case, two Knights were ambushed
and slain when a letter to their Commander was
intercepted; in another, the carefully planned inves-
tigation of a trio of Red Brothers in Lombardy was
thrown into confusion when an enthusiastic Murnau
knight and his men-at-arms pursued a Pavian noble-
man, who vanished mysteriously from the city
thereafter. Even more worrisome were reports of
false identification of those who were the natural
targets of the crusade — some who were mortal men,
who might have been blameless, or unaware that the
lord they followed was not as he appeared. There was
no standard for judging, no procedure for determin-
ing level of guilt, or innocence — and no method for
the Cardinal and his advisors to account for the
deeds of the different orders acting independently of
one another.

The Fapacy in Pecil

In 1227, Pope Honorius died. And as before, the
Cardinals met to select a new Pope; this time, the
choice was unanimous, and Cardinal Ugolino dei
Conti Segni became Pope Gregory IX.

But shortly after Gregory was crowned, an ur-
gent message came from Sister Teres
featured a transcription of a vision wherein she saw
a shadow of a knife-bearing man moving along a
wall, an open book that was held by a cloaked man
without a face, and the Papal vestments drenched in
tainted blood that spread throughout all the land.
Clearly a warning — but how to interpret it?

a. Her message


Cardinal Marzone urged all inquisitors to increase
their vigilance, and also he warned the Pope, though
Gregory stubbornly refused to remain in the safety of
the Lateran. One evening in the street, Otto von
Murnau was given a book by a cloaked man whose face
was obscured by a mask. Within the book's pages was a
short note written in Latin. It was a warning, one that
came just in time; between Otto's sense for creatures of
darkness, the efforts of several inquisitors of different
orders working together, and by the grace of God, the
would-be assa aptured, but the dark spirit that
was guiding him fled from their torches, swiftly flowing
up a wall and out of a high window into the night.

in we

In recognition of the extraordinary effort by the
different orders of the Inquisition, Pope Gregory lifted
the provisional status of the Order of Theodosius, and
reaffirmed the order's charter to their traditional abbey
at Laurendine. Of the masked man in the cloak, they
did not know more for several years.

The Eyesol Rorvigue de Viawarre

With the aid of the different orders, Cardinal
Marzone began the difficult task of saving
Christendom from the Devil. Yet throughout Eu-
rope, the demonic taint was deeply rooted, and the
Adversary's minions ruthless in hunting down those
who opposed them. The Inquisition simply lacked
the numbers and strength to adequately oppose
those of the enemy; also they lacked familiarity with
the cities where the demons themselves had net-
works of informants. As the invaders in the domains
the demons had claimed for their own, they faced far
worse disadvantages than merely being outnum-
bered by the minions of their Adversary.

Without the help that only we, the Eyes of God,
could provide, the Inquisition had no hope of secur-
ing Rome, much less gaining ground anywhere else.
They were ready to act, but had little information on
which to plan their attack; we had information or
access to sources that they did not, but we were
incapable (even had Rodrigue permitted it) of mount-
ing the effort necessary to make use of what we knew.

One evening I, Aignen le Libraire, presented
myself to Cardinal Marzone, and voluntarily offered
to him the eyes, ears and clandestine labors of the
Oculi Dei, a loosely organized network of agents
throughout Europe, from the city of Rome to the
farthest reaches of Christendom. I did so freely, and
without the permission or blessing of my kinsman,
Rodrigue de Navarre, who had first formed the order
in the aftermath of our disastrous encounter with the
Cainite Xalbador. As proof of the resourcefulness of

eS
; =—— " DARE ES:

our agents, I also provided a list of all of Cardinal
Marzone's closest associates in Rome and the names
of some of those he had met with over the past four
years — and confessed that I was the one who had
given Otto von Murnau the warning of the attack
against the Pope, based on reports I had received
from agents in Castile. I promised him we would
watch, and report what we could — but only on the
condition that we could for own protection main-
tain absolute anonymity for the bulk of our members.
I, and a small handful of others, were willing to act

as the liaisons between our hidden agents and his
inquisitors; otherwise, those who risked their lives in
pursuit of the information the Inquisition sought
must be permitted to remain anonymous.

It was no easy demand to meet but I could not in
good conscience offer anything less. Some of his
advisors were clearly suspicious of me, and I could
hardly blame them; suspicion is necessary for sur-
vival when one must face the worst the Adversary
has to throw against us. And these were men of the
church, for the most part; it was not easy for them to
rely upon laymen whose orthodoxy might be sus-
pect, whose actions were not bound to them by
monastic vows. Yet in the end, the Cardinal agreed;
for indeed he did need what we could offer, and
understood all too well the conditions under which
I could offer it. He then requested I speak to him at
greater length about improving the level of secrecy
for his own organization, for if we could determine so
much about him so easily, it was certain that others
could as well.

The Second Counteil of faith

‘ardinal Marzone and the leaders of the various
orders soon realized that the current structure of the
Inquisition, dividing up areas of responsibility by dio-

cese and territory, was not an effective use of our
resources. Yet they were unsure of what to propose to
replace it. Clearly, the Inquisition needed a hierarchy
of responsibility, so that inquisitors did not waste their
efforts on fruitless quests, nor make false accusations,
nor bring harm to the innocent. Procedures and records
needed to be established in keeping with canon law,
and inquisitors needed to be held accountable for those
they investigated, accused, judged, or punished. And
thestrengthsand talents
be shared on a broader level than the current division
of responsibility permitted.

of the various orders needed to

It took us nearly two years to come up with the
procedures and hierarchy of responsibility we now
use. The Councils of Faith became our courts and

N@UISITOR- 3 ' "

'

/

iad)

administrators; the small cells of inquisitors became
the scouts, soldiers, and investigators in the van-
guard; and the Supreme Council — and Cardinal
Marzone oversee the entire brotherhood. The
Oculi Dei provided the source of the codes, and often
the means by which our me

TheDoly Office of the Inquisition

Pope Gregory has recently declared Dominic
Guzman a Saint and has commissioned the Order of
Friars Preachers, as the Holy Office of the Inquisi-
tion, to seek out and convert — or punish — heretics
and heresy where ever they find it. In that task, I
have every confidence they will be most dedicated
and thorough.

ges are delivered.

Our own commission, however, remains the
same — and unlike the Holy Office, will remain a
carefully guarded secret, for the security of the Church
and the safety of us all.

May God grant us wisdom in our judgments,
courage in the face of the Adversary, and continued
faith in the strength of His Truth.

In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus
Amen.

— Aignen le Libraire, Eye of God

Current Activitiesol the
hadovo Inquisition

Each of the orders of the shadow Inquisition, lay
and clerical, occupies its own special niche within
the structure's hierarchy, poss
and talents that blend into a single, not entirely
harmonious whole.

The Poor Rnsi htsof the Passion
the Cross of Here

I write these words behind the thick walls and stout
doors of a convent near Magdeburg, where my wounds
are being capably tended by the Holy Sisters who tenant
this place. Itis not, normally, I who would be turning my
hand to the scribing of my cell's history, but lam now the
last one capable of doing so. And I do so only to honor
those who have fallen.

We were sent from the Jégerhalle by Knight Com-
mander Gustav von Meistreich to investigate a report
that had come to us concerning a strange spate of
occurrences near the Hungarian estates of the Murnau.
Few specifics attached. We believed ourselves prepared.
There were four Knights and our squires who set out to
Castle Murnau to meet with the cell that would join us,

sing unique skills

asmaller band to be sure. A Murnau cousin, who was to
act as our "bloodhound," a Red Sister tall and rangy
enough to be a boy herself. I can close my eyes and still
see them all that day as we set out, not lighthearted, nor
fearless, but not yet the hunted animals that we became.

lam notcertain whatit was that hunted us. lam certain
that our Livonian brothers have a name for it, but I do not
know what it is. We pursued it for days, spiraling outwards
from the estate of Franziska von Murnau and deeper into the
mountains and forest, tracking it toward what we thought
was its lair. Sometime during the pursuit, we realized that it
had flanked us, and we were no longer chasing it — it was
chasing us, farther from any source of help or protection. I
willremember forever the night it chose to end the game it was
playing with us. It towered above the trees, stinking, hid-
eous, a pulsating mass of flesh and bone, inhuman in its
strength and speed: The blood; the screams; the wet tearing
sounds as it —

The Holy Sisters have come, saying that I need my
rest, and that I should trouble myself no more today. I
shall write more later.

—From the journal of Sir Emil of Augsberg

The Knights are, more than anything else, the
sword of the shadow Inquisition. They represent to
their fellows the true flower of chivalry, shorn of its
libertine thorns; they are honorable; bound by a
spiritually vigorous Rule, and zealous in their de-
fense of both God and man.

The Poor Knights of the Cross recruit their
members in much the same way as the other military
orders, with some slight modifications. In 1230,
prospective recruits into a standard military order
are expectedito meet certain criteria. Mén of servile
status are generally,excluded from*membership, as
are, for the most part, men6f illegitimate birth. Men
of knightly descent are generally preferred, as are
unmarried men; married men are permitted to join

military orders, but are also required to abandon
their wives, and this necessitates the wife's consent,
her mutual agreement to some profession of faith, as
well as provision for her material survival. The
physically and spiritually robust are naturally pre-
ferred, as the orders have no intention of becoming
the dumping ground of the handicapped younger
offspring Christendom. Debtors are also typically
denied entry to prevent the order from assuming
responsibility for a new postulant's financial misad-
ventures. No order admits the excommunicate, or
apostates from other religious foundations. Most

postulants are required to be at least fourteen years of
age before taking vows.


KNIGHTS OF CHRIST

@= are as many reasons to join military
orders as to join a more contemplative
religious order. Many who join the military orders
are younger sons, excluded from the easy inherit-
ance of wealth and power by the traditions of
primogeniture and virtually required to become a
knight anyway, they choose a path that will also
allow them to focus their ambitions and energy to
aholy cause. Others are already deeply devout and
moved to defend Christendom with sword and
prayer. Most Poor Knights are pious to begin with,
and rapidly become more so as their duties strip
away any lingering doubts they might have had
about the righteousness of their enterprise.
Gauthier de Dampiere: In his seventies now,
still Grand Master of the Order, and still tireless in
his pursuit of the enemy, though the fight has cost
him dearly. His hair went stark white when he was
stilla young man, he is missing two fingers from his
left hand, and he walks with a severe limp, the
result of a savage bite from a vampire that tore
through the leather of his boot and into his flesh,
afew seconds before he removed its head. Though
his body has finally begun to fail him, his soul is

pure, and his mind remains sharp; he spends most
of his time now in prayer, or tending to the affairs
of the order, arranging matters to ease the transi-
tion for whomever succeeds him.

Sir Baudioun le Breton: One of the most
accomplished Knight Commanders of the Poor
Knights, a battle-seasoned veteran of nocturnal
conflicts across the face of Christendom. He began
his career with the Knights as one of Gauthier de
Dampiere's hand-picked companions. Sickened by
the butchery of Béziers, his faith wavered, and was
rekindled on the streets of Car nne, hunting the
night-fiends that haunted the city and preyed on

The Poor Knights differ from these criteria in three
major ways. By this time, the practice of child oblation
among the rest of the military orders has been more or
less abandoned; children raised within the houses of t

smplars‘or the Hospitalers, forexample, are neith
required nor expected»to become professed brethre
Among the»Poor Knights, the fastest way to gain
admission to the Ord
Knight who was married and sired children prior to

r is be the son of a prominent

taking Holy Orders, or be at least nominally "raise
within the order, generally as a foundling, refugee, or

Catholic, Cathar, and Crusader alike. Now, 20 years
later, he is firmly devout, solidly competent, and
engaged in training the next generation of Knights
when not accompanying the mendicant Brother
Leopold von Murnau and the rest of their inquisito-
rial cell on its investigations.

Sir Fantino di Milano: A recruit from the
Knights Hospitaler, Sir Fantino is of somewhat
milder temperament than the average Poor Knight,
being a physician more than a warrior. Compas-
sionate by nature, he is often regarded as the
conscience of the Poor Knights in Compostela,
where he oversees the pilgrim's hostel and one of
the order's largest orphans' asylums. His greatest
weaknesses are both his personal curiosity, as he
possesses a questing intellectual nature that might
have found a more comfortable home in one of the
contemplative orders, and his private belief that
there is no such thing as an unredeemable soul, a
belief he shares with his close friend Red Brother
Giordano Nicola d'Arzenta.

Sir Jehan: Most members of the Poor Knights
have never met Sir Jehan face-to-face as he is
stationed at the Fortress of the Cross, the Order's
Cypriot mother-house, where he serves as Grand
Master Gauthier de Dampiere's left hand. Cool-
headed, sharp-tongued, and constitutionally
incapable of suffering fools gladly, this Knight is
the closest the order has to a genuine strategos —
strategist, tactician, logistical expert, and intelli-
gence consolidation officer. He does everything
except command troops in the field, and this is
more a concession to the prejudices of the age than
any defect of his own. Were the Order to realize
that the Grand Master's left hand is an extraordi-
narily capable woman instead of an extraordinarily
capable man, all Hell would no doubt break loose.

orphan of the conflicts the Poor Knights find them-
selves involved in. Second, the Poor Knights draw a
significant number of postulants from the bodies of
other military orders, a practice that has generated a
certain amount of friction. Poor Knights recruited in
this fashion are invariably treated as pariahs by their
former brethren, as choosing to forsake one's vows,
even to join another order, is regarded as perilously
Third, not only do the Poor Knights
explicitly believe that the body of Christendom is
sat number of them

close to aposté

under attack by unholy forces, a g


have had some sort of direct, personally scarring con-
tact that have led them to join the shadow Inquisition.

When it comes to er
duties, the Poor Knights enjoy a significan:
. Their publi
existence, the protection of pilgrimage routes through-

ging in their inquisitorial
Ivantage
over some of the other orde ason for
out Europe and.the Holy Land, permits them to act
somewhat more openly, particularly against immediate
threats. They roam the
seeking out and dealing with the fiends that prey on

h of the pilgrimage roads,

these vulnerable, vital arteries of both faith and com

in this capacity, they tend to travel in cells of no fewer
than four, under the command of a senior sergeant-at-
arms. Rare is the band of knights permitted out of the
commandery without someone older and allegedly
wiseron hand to

» them from rampantly givingvent

totheirmost chivalrous and pious instincts. Often, they
are joined by a member of the Red Order, generally a
Red Brother who will attract less attention by traveling
with a group of knights, or by an itinerant male Eye of

God, who usually acts as both a moderating influence

THe MIuirary ORDERS

6 Poor Knights draw the bulk of their
talent from a diverse pool of human re-
sources, widely dispersed both geographically and
culturally. The Grand Master, Gauthier de Dampiere,
may beofFrenchextraction, but those whoserve under
him derive from the four comers of Christendom.

¢ The Knights Tefiplar: The first military
order, founded in th€ Kingdom of Jerusalem in
1118, asa more martial complement to the then-
monastic Hospitalers, and officially granted Papal
recognition if IL29sGrantéd extraordinary pow-
ers by three' separate Papal Bulls, by 1230 the
Templars are the wealthiest and most powerful of
the military orders, with a vast material power
base in the form of independent land holdings, a
private shipping enterpfisé, and some of the best
communications to be hiad/anywhere in Europe
or the Holy Land. The Teffplars have provided
the Poor Knights some of their strongest swords
and their ablest minds.

© The Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem: The
Hospital of St. John, the Knights Hospitaler, have
been in existence sinéé the First Crusade, originally
serving as a solely monasti¢, order. deyoted to the
care of pilgrims in the Holy Land. Exactly, when and
how the Hospitaletsibecame a recognized military
order is not &ntirely clear, but they were in arms by
the 1160s when they took part iin expeditions into
Egypt, and hada force annihilated alongside their
Templar brothers at the!battle of Hattin in 1187.
Whereas the Templars have evolved into the sort of
financially independent power that makes both
secular and sacred authorities gnash their teeth in
impotent envy, the Hospitalers have never quite
recovered the prestige they lost after Hattin, and
labor resentfully in the shadow of their "older

brother." The Poor Knights draw both skilled sol-
diersand physicians from the ranks of the Hospitalers.

©The Hospital of St. Mary of the Germans
of Jerusalem: Better known as the Teutonic Or-
der, these Knights of Christ were originally
associated with the Hospitale#s, founded as a hos-
pital to care for German-speaking pilgrims in the
Holy Land. It wasfoundedas a recognized military
order in 1198, as a rare Synthesis. The Teutonic
Order is enjoined to caréfor the si@kgaccording to
the Hospitalers' Rule and attend its other busi-
ness according to the Templar Rule. The Teutonic
Order has, as of yet,provided few recruits to the
Poor Knights, but those it has provided offer
access to the upper echelons of the Holy Roman
Emperor's court, as the order accepts few postu-
lants not of German noble birth.

©The Swordbrothers of Livonia: Founded in
1202 as the first: standing Christian army in the
Baltics, the Swordbrothers of Livonia (better
known as the Livonian Order) are, despite their
name, entirely of Géfiiiaiyextraction. They are
dedicated to the conversion of pagan Baltic tribes
and to the protection of German Chri:
Baltic lands and Christian Balts from the aggres-
sive tendenciesoftheir paganmeighbors. As such,
they have been embroiled' in near constant war-
fare; they are currently engaged in the pacification
of Estonia, whose pagaft majority is aggressive in
defending its land and im its refusal to accept
sword-point conversion. The few Livonians re-
cruited by the Poor Knights tell horror stories of
the unholy doings east of the Danube, and regu-
larly agitate for a greater presence there, not only
in the pagan lands of Livonia, but in nominally
Christian Hungary and Transylvania, as well.

ians in


wae

and as a contact with other orders in their stopover
points along the road. Knightly cells of this type are
more likely than any other group of shadow inquisitors
to dispense with the proprieties and go straight for the
skull-breaking. They tend to bring back corpses, parts of
corpses and the occasional sack of ashes for posthumous
trial by the local Council of Faith.

When not in the field, that is on_patrol or on
assignment to a multi-order cell, the Poor Knights tend
tobe either in active cloister or taking their turns staffing
the hospices operated for the care and comfort of pil-
grims. These hospices are often the order's best source of
intelligence on the whereabouts and activities of the
enemy; pilgrims can usually be counted on to have at
least one or two rumors worth following up, and volumes

of generally useful information besides. Moreover, the
hospice is the one source of information more or less
exclusively within the control of the Knights. This
advantage helps reduce friction with the more intellee-
tually inclined — particularly the OculiDei, on whose
intelligence-developing talents the Knights»are often
dependent, to their considerable chagrin and distaste:

The hospices, of course, are not solely maintained for
the purpose of gathering information, but also to assist the
Poor Knights in remembering why they have chosen to
take on this fight in the first place, while performing good
works that can only redound to the credit of their souls.
Laundering their spirits in activities both humble and
humane — preparing meals and beds, tending travelers'
wounds, often caring for children orphaned on the road or
in battles.with the enemy — helps stave off the soul-
deadening, heart-hardening awareness of the evil in the
world. A knight also always has the option of withdrawing
into the stii¢t cloister of the order's commanderies to seek
spiritual solace. In this silent, exclusive community of

Ha ay eg i

fellow soldiers of Christ, a Knight can lay down the burdens
of the unending struggle for a time, seek spiritual counsel
with his Brothers, and meditate peacefully on his relation-
ship with the divine. If these approaches are insufficient to
soothe a spiritually afflicted Knight, the Sisters of St. John
Operate eremitic ("desert") convents, which function as
both cloisters and hospitals in which the Sisters work their
healing arts‘6n both the Flock and on the souls of their
fellow inquisitors.


CuapTer-HOuses
A: befits their more public, overtly mar
OL tial nature, the chapter-houses of the
Poor Knights tend to be modeled after the
commanderies of the other military orders, w
serve as part defensible strong point, part arse

, and part hospital.
© The Fortress of the Cross: The Order's
mother-house, a heavily fortified military strong-
hold on Cyprus, outside Nicosia. In addition to
housing the fragment of the True Cross, taken

from Acre by Gauthier de Dampiere and hi

original band of followers, the Fortress of the
Cross also contains a virtual arsenal of other holy
These items

al,

part cloiste

relic get parceled out to chapter-
stendom as the need ar
g y post at the Fortress is a
heady thing even for experienced Knights, as it is
a tacit indication that great things are expected.
is is, naturally, often a self-fulfilling prophecy.
e: The German ton,
Poor Knights has a slightly better sei
than their French brethren; they named their
primary chapter-house after a pagan myth, one
they often found being applied to themselves.
The Jagerhalle (the "Hunters' Hall," home of the
Wild Hunt of popular lore) is located in Bavaria,
close to the estates of the Murnau Knight that
donated the land for its construction, and hor
most of the Order's Livonian and Teutonic breth-
ren. It also houses a fairly substantial coll
artifacts and reliquaries acquired through both
Murnau donations and raids into the pagan and
Christian lands of the East.
© The Hospice of St. James the Elder: In
addition toasizeable chapter-house/command
the order also operates a hospice in the city of
Compostela, a combination travelers' hospital and
orphanage. Many of the children adopted/oblated
s in Compostela,

sue of the
© of humor

ction of

into service often find themselv
being raised within the walls of the commandery
and taught the arts that will stand them in good
e full Brothe

stead once they bec

Sistersol Stdohn

It was late in the night. I admit, I had drifted off some
hours before. Sister Teresa herself had fallen into a true
and deep sleep, instead of the half-aware state of dreams
and visions she had been in, her breath barely enough to

lift the blankets. I watched her sleeping peacefully for
some time, taking the opportunity to polish the rough
, before weariness

notes I had made of her earlier wor
overcame me as well. I do not know, precisely, what
woke me. One moment I was dreaming a strangely
formless dream, gliding low over dark mountains wreathed
in mist, and the next I was sharply awake, as though
someone had snapped her fingers next to my ear to rouse
me. The cell was empty but for Sister Teresa, who yet
slept, and myself

The candle was guttering, so I replaced it with another,
then fed the braziers a bit more charcoal for the chamber was
growing cold again. Sister Teresa's cheeks were pale and
cool, and so I drew another blanket over her, tuckingits folds
around her head. I went back to my notes

I worked for some minutes in silence, my quill
scratching rhythmically on the parchment, before even
that sound began to make me nervous. I felt that the ‘
and I were not®alone in the cell, and I sat listening,
tensely, for theslightest of sounds. The silence was of no
comfort tome, nor were the strange, flickering shadows
that the candlelight cast upon the walls. I moved my stool
closer to the'S
knees and my back against the cold wall. I wished,
absurdly, that she would wake and tell me all was well.

She=didswakey:closestosdawn,. stirring within the
cocoon of blankets in which she was wrapped, opening
her eyes and taking-a deeper, more-painful breath. She
began whispering things, the broken fragments of sen-
tences, even less coherent than she had beensbefore her
sleep. I recorded them as best Teoulds'Then, she suddenly
became completely clear.

She whispered, "He is not a light, shining in the
darkness, no lantern of hope. He is a beacon of evil... he
calls all things dark and foul to him and theyvill do his
bidding for he is'one of their own... Heawill try... he will
try... to quench our lantemn..«t0 put out our eyes... to
break our swor

She wept then, and called out the name of one of her
former companions; I put my book aside and offered her
what comfort I could, as her fever rose again.

ister

er's cot, my book of notes across my

to still our heart..."

— From the journal of Sister Bernadetta of
Madrid

Blessed Sister Teresa of Madrid was a young
woman born with a personal calling. Deeply devout
from childhood, she entered Holy Orders in the
expectation of pursuing a life of good works and the
contemplation of divine grace. What she received,
while on pilgrimage to the Holy Land, wasa gift both
great and terrible — the vision of a holy prophet, the
Sight that allowed her to strip away the barriers of
time and space, the illusions of flesh and sorcery, and


perceive the rot that ate away at the heart of human-
ity. The onslaught of visions she suffered during the
awakening of her gift instilled in her the conviction
that the Church to which she had given her life and
the people to whom she had devoted the kindness of
her spirit were under attack by unholy adversaries.
Galvanized by the horror of what she had experi-
enced, Teresa became the motivating force behind
the organization of the Order of the Holy Sisters of
St. John, named for the blessed apostle St. John the
Divine, whose vision the vast majority of its mem-
bers shared. The order finally won Papal recognition
for both its uncanny visionary gifts and humanitar-
ian efforts in 1215. The order migrated west in 1222
after the destruction of its primary convent and
established itself im Sister Teresa's native Castile as
well as France, Italy, and Germany.

Sister Teresa herself established the order's Eu-
ropean mother-house, an eremitic convent/hospital
located some 20 miles outside Madrid in an isolated
valleys There, she'established the daily rituals and
structures that give the order its internal resilience,
as it deals both with a gift and duty that demands
nothing less than absolute commitment. There also
she died. Physically frail since the onset of her
she weathered poorly the bitter winters to which
Madrid is prone and was often ill. During her final
illness she lived wholly within-her visions, only
barely aware of the world around her, and speaking
words of prophecy that the Sisters attending her
dutifully recorded. Even respected as Sister Teresa
was, most of her Sisters believed these words to be
little more than fever-dreams — until they began
coming true. Now, the Sisters devote a great deal of
time to decoding these visions and attempting to
focus their own Holy Sight in an effort to replicate
Sister Teresa's final vision, perceive it for them-
selves, and guide the Inquisition more effectively.

Membership in the order is obtained in much
the same way as for every other religious foundation
A postulant undergoes a screening process that de-
termines the suitability of the girl's background, as
well as her willingness to enter Holy Orders, an issue
of paramount importance to the Sisters of St. John
A dowry or gift is made, and the girl enters the
convent asa novice. This is where becoming a Sister
of St. John parts sharply with becoming a sister of any
other foundation. Not only do novices structure
their lives according to the Rule of St. Augustine, in

which they engage in daily periods of prayer and

meditation, good works and care of the sick, modera-
tion, self-denial, and the preservation of chastity,

E LivinG Heart OF THE SISTERS
g ven living saints cannot live forever, and
Z—= the loss of Sister Teresa could easily have
crippled the fledgling order — had not good ad-
ense prevailed at the early stages of its
foundation. Sister Teresa chose as her assistants
two women of great personal talents, and since her
death those women have served as the Order's

bedrock foundation and its guiding hands.
nt Holy

ministrative

Mother Maria-Immaculadaisthe cui
Mother of the S; of St. John, elected after the
death of Sister Teresa to head the order. Mother
Maria-Immaculada is one of Sister Teresa's origi-
nal followers, who accompanied her to the Holy
Land on the pilgrimage during which she was
blessed with the Holy Sight, and who nursed her
through the physical and mental torments that
accompanied the onset of that gift. The Holy
Mother herself is one of the women of the order
who possesses not a whit of the Sight; her talents
are the practical ones that allow her to effectively
administrate the order's public front, its inquisito-
rial duties, and the lives of nearly everyone who
s her path. To call her personally formidable
is to suggest that the Pope is only a little bit holy.
The Mother is also the spearhead of the effort to
achieve canonization for the Blessed Sister Teresa,
taking it upon herself to compile the required
documentation of miracles.

Sister Johanna Magdalena is the most re-
nowned of the order's mystics and visionaries,
second only to Sister Teresa in her talents asa Holy
Seer. The Sister's visions came upon her at an early
age, striking her at random and leaving her phys
cally weakened and emotionally shattered after
each experience; her family, in despair, approa
the local convent for assistance, thinking her mad.
Fortunately, the Sisters of St. John knew better,
and aided her in achieving both inner peace and
some measure of control over her gifts. The Sister
currently dwells in a convent in Germany, deepl
engaged in refining.the meditation technique:
that allow the Sisters to focus the Sight when it
comes upon them, and puzzling out the last series
of visions that struck Sister Teresa as she lay

cro:

but the vast bulk of novices are also tested for the gift
of Holy Sight. Many novices come to the order with
this gift already apparent upon them; many develop
it after exposure to gifted Sisters, or to relics of Saints
gifted with visionary abilities, including the body of


the order's founder, blessed Sister»Teresa.-Many
others n evidence any such gift.

»vices found to be gifted with the Holy.Sight

are separated from the rest of the novices and enter

1ining required to focus their

ry least, deal successfully with its

into the rigorous t

onset. The prayers of the Divine Office, the prayer
cycles developed by the Sisters themselves, religious
chants, and ascetic meditation practices are all em-
ployed to assist a visionary Sister. When used
correctly, these techniques can gentle the Sight into
providing controlled visions that slip easily into a
Sister's awareness, allow her to contemplate them
intelligently and act on what is shown to her. More

often than not, the Sight cannot be successfully

focused, even by the most mentally disciplined of the
elder Sisters, and the visions pour through the Sisters
like rain throug!
away all vestiges of external awareness or self-con-
trol. At times like these, the Sisters are prone to
seizures, convulsions and fits of speaking in tongues

acathedral's waterspouts, washing

that, to an untrained observer, all resemble madness
—and, to many trained observers, can resemble the
throes of demonic possession. To avoid many of the
more common triggers for the most violent sorts of
visions, most of the affected Sisters remain com
pletely covered at all times, even to the point of
wearing gloves and sandals, and avoid any unneces-
sary physical contact with one another or their
fellow inquisitors. In their case, the vows of chastity

they take are both self-enforced and self-defensive.

Cxapter-Houses

ext to the Oculi Dei, the Sisters of St.
John tend to be the most isolated (some
would say secretive) of all the orders. In keeping
with their role as seers, scholars and caretakers of
the physically and mentally infirm, the vast ma-
jority of the Sisters spend most of their time in
signed to generally single-
gender inquisitorial cells, often with Red Sisters,
female Eyes of God, or women of the Murnau.
Within the cloister, however, they attend pa-
tients of all genders and stations equally.
© The Convent of the Holy Mother: Lo-
cated in Aix-la-Chapelle, the Convent of the
Holy Mother is the largest and most important of
the Sisterhood's desert convents. More school
than hospital, it is a place of pure respite from the
struggles of the fight, a garden of tranquility, a
place to study, reflect, and meditate upon the
divine. Holy Mother Maria-Immaculada directs
the activities of the order from this place of
serenity, using it both for its intended purpose as
well as an administrative hub, as many seeking
relief come here, including fellow inquisitors,
secular heads of state, and, occasionally, even
Cardinal Marzone himself.
¢ The Convent of St. John the Divine at
Madrid: The European mother-house of the Holy
Sisters was established on land given by royal
grant, and it remains one of their most important
possessions despite being eclipsed somewhat in
political influence. It is the single largest "teach-
ing" convent, where sisters of all levels of ability

cloister, except when as

are sent for advanced instruction in both mystic
and mundane arts, producing teachers, physicians,
and administrators fordispersal across Christendom.
There, also, lies the body of blessed Sister Teresa.
Rumors already swirl that touching the blessed
Sister's tomb, the blankets that she lay upon during
her last illness, and other relics of her life can cure
even the most terrible of evil-inflicted wounds,
grant temporary glimpses into the future, or even
instill the Holy Sight itself. Documentation of
these miracles continues apace, and the Convent
of St. John has become something of a minor
pilgrimage site for severely wounded inquisitors
seeking aid to cure their afflictions.

© The Hospital of St. Dymphna: Often re-
ferred to as "the Holy Madhouse" by other
inquisitors, this hospital, located just outside of
Ravensburg in Germany, is the repository of many
of the most hopeless cases that the shadow Inquisi-
tion comes across. Contained within its walls are
the unfortunates whose minds, as wellas lives, have
been shattered by exposure to the fiends and their
sorceries; whose bodies have been reduced to so
much useless wreckage. It is, uniquely, staffed by a
combination of Sisters of St. John and Red Sisters,
who petitioned to share the facility in order to
study the effects of the enemy's magics more closely.
The Sisters of St. John reluctantly agreed, and ever
since the partnership has prospered more than
anyone could have imagined. Volumes of useful
information and the occasional near-miraculous
recovery have resulted here.


THe Hoty Rr

(CH s part of their devotion to good works,
the Sisters of St. John have taken
upon themselves the duty of caring for much of
the human wreckage left behind by the fight
against the shadow Inquisition's unholy en-
emies. From the hospitals administrated by
the ord active, mendicant Sisters and the
eremitic monasteries devoted to spiritual
cleansing and healing, they spread a soothing
balm across Christendom. They may not be
ble to restore the broken lives of th
victims, but they do their best to make certain
that the scars left behind do not disfigure, that
the wounds do not fester.

nemy's

One of the Sisters' most important duties
is the care of their fellow inquisitors, not only
in body, but in soul as well. Constant contact
with supernatural forces takes an enormous
physical, mental and spiritual toll, even on
ight;

a dreadful vulnerability, nearly
piritual taint. As the scent of blood draws
predators, so contact with unclean forces at-
s the attention of thing:
ome. Inquisitors already spiritually and
physically w ned from one conflict ma
find themselves caught up in another, subju-
gated and possessed by
entities attracted to their vulnerability.

those trained to endure the rigors of the

even less

yenuinely demonic

As a consequence, the Sisters of St. John
ungifted with the Holy Sight are among the
chosen few who are specifically trained in the
Holy Rite of Exorcism, the means of diagnos-
ing the symptoms of demonic possession and
of cleansing the infestation.

The ungifted novicesalso have their place within
the Sisterhood, despite the its emphasis on visionary
talent — in fact, they provide the bulk of the order's
membership, and conduct most of the activities that
allow it to continue functioning. For every one Sister
granted the Sight, five who are not serve the order.
Those five are trained in a variety of tasks equally
indispensable to the Sisterhood. The nonvisionary
Sisters are the order's public face, the administrators
of its human and material assets, the teachers of its
members, the chaperones who accompany the gifted
Sisters outside the cloister walls, the clerks who
record visions and assist in their analysis, and the

/ (o
ats

<— = eT + |
jepRPey Fig a S
physicians who attend the sick and wounded who
come to its hospitals.

Naturally, some friction exists between the Sis-
ters as to whose efforts are the most important. The
visionary Sisters, it can be said, are the heart of the
secret Inquisition. Every day and every night, they
are assailed by the awareness that, if those of good
faith and courage do nothing, the soul of humanity
will be torn to shreds and sucked dry. Occasionally,
this either pushes a visionary Sister to heights of
zealotry that few other inquisitors ever.reach, or it
drives her utterly mad. In either case, the courage of
conviction can turn quite ugly to a Sister not so
talented or so divinely,driven.Ungifted-Sis
not immune to jealousy or the sting-of a perceived
slight. Some feel; however unjustly, that their efforts
are less important in the scheme of things because
they perform tasks anyone'can do.

ers are

Two factors prevént these tensions from build-
ing to a critical mass of bitter recrimination and
possible betrayal. First, all of the Holy Sisters, gifted
and otherwise, are deeply committed to the struggle
against the unholy enemies of Christendom. When
other inquisitors are injured, spiritually and physi-
cally, they come to the Holy Sisters for healing, and
none can dwell within thesconvéent-hospital walls
who do not see their wounds. They see the pain and
blood, the fear and loss, the shattered minds and
broken bodies, and they understand to their core
that the struggle is just, a war that must'be fought.
The ungifted Sisters see, also, thatthere is little joy
in a gift that one often ¢annot control and which
cts sucha heavy price. That does tend to temper
the hard, hurt feelings somewhat. Second, ungifted
Sisters are not required to remain within the order if
they feel they cannot; they are permitted to transfer
to other religious foundations via special agreements
negotiated through Cardinal Marzone. Many ungifted
Sisters become Carmelite or Benedictine nuns, or
leave strict Holy Orders entirely to join lay religious
foundations. There, the:
Inquisition, recruiting likely prospects from among

extre

also do the work of the

their new colleagues, increasing the number of eyes,

ears, and hands available.

The Red Order

Scotland is a much cooler country than England,
though no more dry — it has rained at least once on more
than half the days since we crossed the border and began
climbing into the high country. Our escorts, a band of
King Alexander's household knights, lost no time teasing
Brother Serafin, who made mention that had never seen

RKAGESHIN@UISITOR

Se


much snow before. They told him wild tales of winter.
cold that even the wolves and the people would lie down

YY y
Vy
together, to say nothing of the wolves and the sheep. From

/
the road, we can in fact see in the distance mountains still Y
capped in snow despite the spring warmth; in truth, it / Uy Wf,
reminds me of Milan, where one can see the snow on the
mountaintops from the walls of a city on a clear day. It
seems unlikely, nearly impossible, that such a fair land
could harbor an evil such as we have been sent to
investigate , even with the proof sitting before me as I write
these words, Letters. Journals. The information released
to us by the Cistercian archives is nearly incontrovertible

by itself, without any observations of our own. The Uy
details contained within them are repulsive and unholy,
and they haunt my dreams when I think on them too long.

The land is much changed, the closer we come to the
Jot twenty miles away, all is a riot
of greenery and fast-running water, streams swollen with
snowmelt and spring-rain, flowers-blooming on their
banks and the trees not in bud already in leaf. Here, it is
as though winter has.not released its grip yet — has not,
in fact, done so inages »Pale dead trees are more common
than live ones, and those that live are twisted and stunted,
bending over the road like rheumatic hands trying to wipe
it off the face of the mountain. The streams are slow and,
upon experimentation, we discovered why our escorts
advisedus to collect water for our skins down below, for
it carries\with it an unpleasant tang, a trace of salty
bitterness that none can identify. There is no birdsong; I
am beginning to'suspect that there are no birds, and other
beasts have been eqiially, scarcesabsent completely or
thin and malnourished when we see them at all. I have
attempted to speak with Sir Briceus, the youngest and
most talkative of our escorts, about this and even he looks
uncomfortable and says little. When I pressed him, he
told me that there was a tale that his grandmother had, of
the valley of Damburrow being a place accursed, for-
saken by God, but he would speak no more of it beyond
that. Given the information we already have regarding
Damburrow's misfortunes, such legends do not seem out
of place.

The cloister is a good ten miles from the hamlet of
Damburrow itself and resembles more a fortress than a
house of God, even for a monastery. It is built atop a spit
of stone that juts like a lopsided fang from the side of a
steep incline, its own approaches equally steep, nearly
sheer on three sides — it can only be entered via anarrow
trail of steps which have been cut into the side of the hill
itself. Laboriously carved standing cruciform figures
guard it at regular intervals, marked with strange pat-
terns of interlocking beasts, long and sinuous, which Sir
Briceus told me were supposed to be wolves. Within, itis

site of Damburrow.

ef CHAPTERAWO..
iS - CALL TO ARMS -


Spartan and functional, though with a disconcertingly
complete lack of windows on all but the highest levels , and
those being arrow-slits. In fact, gazing down upon the
climb it took to reach this place and across the sere
expanse of Damburrow valley, it struck me as being a
perfect platform for plunging fire. From the heights, the
hamlet of Damburrovw itself is visible. That collection of
hovels huddled together around the Pit itself, which even
ata distance, beneath a heavily overcast sky, seemed to
have an unhealthy oily sheen about its surface. Looking
upon it, I felt a knot tighten in my belly, and as the wind
blowing down the valley toward us brushed over my face,
I thought I caught a whisper on it, a voice speaking
familiar Latin words.

— From the journal of Red Brother Giordano
Nicola d'Arzenta

The Red Order of St. Theodosius has been
something of an odd duck virtually since its incep-

tion. Its founder, Theodosius, was an insatiably
curious intellectual; the Rule that he formulated

DousLe MONASTERIES

aI phenomenon dating from the time of
OL the earliest Eastern monastic commu-
nities, the double monastery was once known
throughout much of Europe. Consisting of en-
closed communities of monks and nuns sharing
facilities such as worship space, operating under
the same Rule and governed by an Abbess, the
double monastery was the ideal method of coex-
istence for the all-inclusive Red Order. At the
height of the enclosure method's popularity,
double monasteries were scattered across Ire-
land, England, Gaul, Belgium, Germany, and
Iberia, functioning under riety of Rules, but
little in the way of Papal support.
Perpetually sensitive to the perception of im-
aid heavy
regulations on double monasteries, strictly lim-
iting communications between monks and nuns,
legislating the proximity of buildings and oppor-
tunitie: interaction. These
restrictions, and continued Papal disapproval,
finally led to the virtual abandonment of the
practice, despite attempts to revive it; most of
the double monasteries of the tenth century
were, by the thirteenth, reinvented as single-
sters. Only the Red Order put up a
serious fight when it came to maintaining their
a way of life
that has undergone recent, drastic changes.

with very

propriety, the ecclesiastical authorities

for commu

gender cloi

accustomed monastic way of life

emphasized thought, research, and experimentation

even above the pursuit of divine love and was equally
accepting of either gender. When most of the mo-
nastic orders were operating as strictly enclosed
communities devoted to the contemplation of their
holy navels, the Red Order roamed the world, sifting
through the wisdom of the ages, writing it down, and
returning it to the great libraries it maintained.
When the phenomenon of the double monastery
was dying out all over Europe as a result of martial
depredations and the foul odor of sexual scandal, the
Red Order struggled to maintain their joint commu-
nities, unwilling to lose the invaluable insights and
assistance of the Red Sisters.

Everything changes, and sometimes not for the
better. The misadventures of Red Brother Everard
de Gascony and his unfortunate colleagues coupled
with the fairly accurate perception of the order's
intellectually and spiritually liberal tendencies have
cast a heavy shadow. Asa result of the "unfortunate
incident," as it-is euphemistically described, the
order has come under intense official scrutiny at the
highest levels of the Church, and its structure has
been altered to further deflect the
strictly orthodox foundations.

iticisms of more

The order continues toaccept both male and
female postulants, provided that they meet the en-
trance requirements. The applicant must be of good
family, be capable of paying a "dowry" or have their
familymake a "gift" to the order once accepted, have no
debts for which the order might become responsible,
and be willing to swear adherence to the Theodosian
Rule. Wheréas new postulants once were enclosed in
their signature conjoined communities, the order is
nowpartitioned—Red Brothers are now sent tostrictly
male monasteries and Red Sisters are now sent to
strictly female nunneries, and the twain do not meet
except in the performance of their duties as inquisitors.
The Red Order was accepted en masse into the shadow
Inquisition rather than being disbanded thanks to its
considerable intellectual accomplishments, uniquely
irreplaceable talents, anda good deal of pious groveling
(although rumors about stigmata persist). All members
of the Red Orderare expected to serve, and serve gladly,
for the sake of their order's continued survival.

This situation is significantly less than ideal, for
all concerned. The Red Order is commonly per-
ceived by its orthodox detractors as unacceptably
liberal, impious, proud and borderline heretical.
Even the order's red robes — to its members, a sign
of their devotion to Christ and his Church — are
looked at askance, in a time when monks and nuns


Cxapter-Houses

(6 he Red Order has suffered considerable
misfortunes at all levels, including with
its chapter-houses. The Order's largest double
monastery and original mother-house was the
Monastery of Laurendine in Toulouse, which was
an unfortunate place to live during the
Albigensian Crusade. The Monastery of
Laurendine was attacked, sacked, and partially
destroyed during the Crusade, much of its library
dispersed in an effort to save it, and part of that
library, including many of its more "forbidden"
volumes, burned in an effort to prove the Order's
piety. Laurendine remains the spiritual heart of
the Red Order but, with only one of its great
towers still standing and nearly half its residents
dispersed, it is also a sad reminder of how far the
Order has fallen.

© The Convent of St. Scholastica: The Red
Order's official patron saint is, of course, the
Order's founder, Theodosius. The Red Sisters,
however, have adopted another—St. Scholastica,
twin sister of St. Benedict — and founded a
convent in her name outside of Rome. This
convent is the primary holding of the Red Sisters
and contains their largest library, a substantial
collection of experimental materials and arti-
facts, and the body and relics of the order's sainted
founder. It also houses one of the Red Sisters'
most important sources of income, a scriptorium,
in which scholarly Sisters copy and illuminate
manuscripts, books, and documents of all variet-
ies both for sale and for the reference shelves of
their fellow inquisitors.

¢ The Monastery of St. Andrew at
Damburrow: Damburrow is not a place that has

are forbidden by Papal decree to wear-any.-colors
other than somber shades of brown, gray, black, and
unbleached white. Rumors of sexual licentiousness
and moral deviance swirl about them like clouds of
stinging flies; there is very little the order can do to

silence the rumormongers and critics besides put
their heads down, grit their teeth and work harder to
prove their devotion.

Within the order itself, internal conflicts ebb

and flow with depressing regularity. When the order

was partitioned, controversy immediately arose ov:
who owned what of the joint property within. double
monasteries, among both material and intellectual

been historically kind to the Church. In fact, itcan
be said quite literally to eat priests alive, having
swallowed the first Christian church built within
its precincts into a watery sinkhole known locally
as "the Damburrow Pit." Since then, countless
men of the cloth here have succumbed to madness
and suicide. The Red Order, having been given
the task of investigating these decidedly malevo-
lent phenomena, petitioned King Alexander II of
Scotland for land on which to construct a monas-
tery near Damburrow. As it happened, there was
already a facility available: the abandoned shell of
an older Cistercian cloister that required mere
refurbishing to be made useful. A cell of Red
Brothers has since been dispatched to Scotland to
take possession of their new holding and to per-
form preliminary investigations, preparatory to
establishing a solid population.

© The Abbey of St. Denis at Paris: The Red
Order's most important possession in the royal
domains of France, and the dwelling place of one
of the most aggressive of the shadow Inquisition's
cells. Publicly, the Abbey of St. Denis serves as a
teaching monastery for the Red Order, where its
members go to study not only in the Abbey's
impressive library, but also to absorb the learning
being offered at the University of Paris. By night,
the cell stationed there — consisting predomi-
nantly of Red Brothers, Poor Knights, and at least
one itinerant Oculus — actively hunts the demons
of Paris with fire and sword under the leadership of
Abbot Gervése le Févre, a ferociously devout Red
Brother who believes that "our enemies have
already been defeated by God, we need only to
bring that fact to their attention."

resources...More often than not, the Red Sisters
perceived themselves as receiving the short end of
the ecclesiastical stick. Not only did the Church
tend to relocate them to decidedly inferior facilities
but they
found that their Red Brothers invariably maintained
control of the bulk of any jointly compiled libraries,

as well as the fruits of jointly conducted researches

often former Benedictine nunneries

and experiments. The Red Sisters appealed repeat-
edly to Rome for redress of this injustice, only to be
repeatedly ignored. The issue remains a point of
bitter contention between the male and female

halves the order.

io. ae

eee RMS -


THe Upprry WOMEN OF THE RED ORDER

nan era when the vast bulk of the female

population of Europe is considered chat-
tel, the Red Order represents a radical departure
from the norm. The Theodosian Rule laid down
by the Order's sainted founder was centuries
ahead of its time, advocating the intellectual and
moral equality of women and exhorting all of its
members to glorify the divine in all that they do.
Female members of the Red Order, asa result, are
educated as extensively and completely as their
male counterparts, and are encouraged to experi-
ment, research, teach and write.

When the order was partitioned, many
things changed, not the least of which was the
status of the Red Sisters. They have found, to
their dismay, their prestige within their own
order declining precipitously with every pass-
ing year. Where once their opinions and
expertise were sought after, they find them-
selves and their efforts marginalized; where
once they received respect from their Brothers,
both respect and support have evaporated in
the face of political maneuverings that have
left the Sisters dangling in the very cold wind
of orthodox disapproval.

Needless to say, the Sisters have not taken
this situation lying down, but neither can they
act too rashly and alienate those whose support
and assistance they most desperately require.
Instead, they maneuver carefully and field
champions who best exemplify their unique
gifts. It doesn't hurt their position that the
individual who best exemplifies nearly all that
is good within the order is Red Sister Vittoria
Santini di Parma, a woman of keen intellect,
outstanding personal piety and relentlessness
in the hunt, a combination of qualities that has
earned the personal approbation of Cardinal
Marzone himself.

The Red Brothers, for their part, do not like the
situation any better. They perceive that everyone
has lost a great deal and have little patience with
complaints from within their own order. They feel,
perhaps even more keenly than the Red Sisters, how
precarious the order's position is, both within the
regular monastic community and the more secretive
alliance of the Inquisition. As a result, their efforts
are geared toward putting the best face and effort
forward, and less toward maintaining good relations

Warriors OF THE MIND

6" Red Order is often held in con
tempt by the more martial elements
within the shadow Inquisition. While their
arcane researches and practice of the Holy
Arts has made them one of the more danger-
ous foes a unholy creature might face, it has
earned them few friends and even less trust.

Sister Vittoria Santini di Parma is per-
haps the best known member of the Red Order,
and she has arguably the best reputation among
her peers. A woman of towering intellectual
talents, she has not permitted the strength of
her mind to overpower either her common
sense, or her love of God. Sister Vittoria is best
known for possessing a wisdom that tran-
scends her relative youth, coupled with an
unerring sense of when to bend the rules and
when to play precisely by the Orthodox letter.
Stricken with a wasting curse that is prema-
turely aging her body, she hunts both the
witch that cast this maleficium upon her as well
as a cure for it.

Abbot Gervese le Févre, head of the Abbey
of St. Denis outside of Paris, enjoys a reputation
only slightly less luminous than Sister Vittoria's.
Fiercely devoted to God and Church, the good
Abbot isa holy terror to the creatures that haunt
the Parisian night, a man authentically deadly
with the Holy Art and renowned for his cutting
remarks. His aggressiveness in the pursuit of the
Inquisition's goals has earned what support the
Red Order enjoys from the Poor Knights, with
whom he shares a tendency to strike first and ask
questions later.

Brother Giordano Nicola d'Arzenta can-
not be accused, for all his faults, of any really
soul-blasting impiety. In fact, it can most accu-
rately be said that he takes the principle of loving
one's neighbor a trifle too far for the taste of most
ofhis brethren. Compassionate toa fault, Brother
Giordano believes that there is no such thing as
an unsalvageable soul — including the souls of
the night-things that the inquisitors hunt and
destroy. Repeated attempts to teach him the
errors in his thinking have not exactly moved
him; it has not escaped him that all of the
Brothers currently assigned to the Damburrow
expedition havesomehow fallen short of the Red
Order's current passion for Orthodox approval.


'

/

ee eS ae ea

ey rack As He

with the Red Sisters. In a time when monasteries
have almost entirely withdrawn their support from
their companion nunneries, it seems prudent to toe
the line if that approach earns one ounce of approval
for the order as a whole.

The House of Mucnau

1222 September 13

It had been, from its start, a very long day. There is
nothing, in all the world, worse for my head and my
stomach than a roomful of prelates. Gerhard would laugh
to read this, but it's true — give me a roomful of
Aschenbach s and Landwerlens over a roomful of grasp-
ing churchmen, any day. At least with the Aschenbachs,
you know they're measuring your shoulder blades for the
knife, and you can take that as a given before you even
pour the wine and start talking.

I was seated behind a carved and painted wooden
screen, further sealed off on the sides by heavy drapes,
with a roll of parchmentand a quill, noting down anyone
brought before Marzone who smelled even slightly sus-
pect. Uncle Leopold, of course, stood at his shoulder,
eyeing everyone down that nose of his and being as
intimidating as possible, though he couldn't take notes.
This was not anywhere near as easy as ] thought it might
be. The stink of piety was rather thick, and can be
functionally indistinguishable from other, fouler odors;
only with concentration could I tell themeapart! About
midday, after tasting nearly every flavor from "righ-
teously not bathed yet this year" to "bathed in every form
of sweet oil known to man just for thisaudience ," I began
to heartily miss Sister Teresa. She always smelled_of
roses, not strongly enough to choke or sicken, but gently.
Especially after an amazingly fat bishop wandered right
pastmy hidingplace, I would have given my life to breathe
the air she walked through.

My eyes were watering and my nose was running by
the time the last one left, and Uncle Leopold let me out
from behind the screen. He gave me alittle square of linen
to mop my face withand took the roll of parchment from
me, then suggested that we retire to his chambers to talk.
I'mcertain that he had some ideas he wanted to exchange;
in fact, there were some things I wished to discuss with
him, as well. I was troubled immore than just body, by
that time, and I admit having a eertain desire to be
comforted. The list I had compiled bore nealyten names
and even I was shaken by some of them.

Uncle Leopold opened the door to his chamber and
the stench that rolled out to meet us was beyond anything
I had ever smelled before. For an instant, I thought that
amidden had flooded and overflowed into his rooms, the
odor was so horrible and so unmistakable. I staggered

back, tears flooding my eyes, and I heard Uncle Leopold
choke as it caught him unawares. Then his hand found
the rosary hanging from his belt, and closed around the
crucifix attached to it. He spoke words in Latin, and the
stench thinned; he spoke them again, more angrily, and
it dispersed entirely. I made him let me go first into his
room, my sword drawn, not that there was anything for
me touseiton. I lit the candles, and then one of the lamps;
not even a ghost of the stench remained, only asimple cot,
aworktable with books on it, anda chair. Uncle Leopold
entered and looked about, frowning at his worktable.

Sitting in its center was a small book, bound in
leather stained a peculiar shade of reddish-brown, its
cover handsomely tooled in a pattern of vines and leaves,
highlighted here and there in,gold. Embossed amid the
vines were the words Libellus Secretum Sartaelis,
likewise highlighted in gold. Next to it was a note, folded
neatly and sealed with wax, labeled "Leopold" in a neat,
careful hand. Uncle Leopold paled to see it and snatched
it up before I could see whether the wax was stamped. He
broke the seal with shaking hands, The note consisted of
asingle phrase: "Happy Birthday, my brother ," and was
signed, very simply, "Wilhelm." Uncle Leopold went
utterly white and, even as I watched, seemed to age a
dozen years ina heartbeat; he ordered me out of his
chamber, his voice shaking, and I went, feeling suddenly
very empty and alone. I had never before seen my Uncle
Leopold Gfraid,.and this man had faced my father, my
aunt, Marzone, and probably ademon or two with equal
courage. Altogether a day of exceedingly poor omens.

— From the journal of Otto von Murnau

The Oculi Dei have a distinctly unflattering
code name for the Bavarian nobles of Murnau: "the
Coursing hounds of Hell." Ifthe Murnau knew of this
they would, no doubt, be enormously offended, no
matter how well the name might fit. No one knows,
precisely, how the Murnau came to suffer the afflic-
tion they labor under. Legends within the family are
numerous, suggesting everything froma baneful curse
hurled at the founder of the house by a defeated
witch, to that same respected ancestor's wife acci-
dentally slipping between, the sheets with a demon
lover englamoured to resemble her lord, and all of
the possible permutations in between.

The Murnau first came to the attention of the
Inquisition through one of their own, Leopold of
Murnau, who serves as one of the Inquisition's most
thorough and capable agents from within the Do-
minican Order. Leopold went to Rome seeking
assistance in ferreting out the source of a deep taint
he sensed within the Church itself. En route he met
Cardinal Battista Marzone, then only beginning the

er
= 5 y
RO. Ss i i


titanic effort of organizing the shadow Inquisition
and being struck by the realization of how wide a
scope that organization would require to have any
effect at all. Leopold originally offered only his
personal assistance to the fledgling effort. It took the
impetuousness of his nephew, Otto von Murnau, in
defense of Sister Teresa of the Sisters of St. John, to
involve the family in the enterprise. Cardinal
Marzone was perhaps justifiably surprised to discover
that an entire family possessed exactly the same sort
of sensitivity to diabolic forces; if so, he didn't fail to
appreciate all the implications of having their assis-
tance at his disposal. After extensive negotiations
with Frederick von Murnau, Leopold's younger
brother and current head of the House, the family
entered*into=thesfightas*the first of the*shadow
Inquisition's "lay orders."

Since then, the Murnau have provided exten-
sive assistance to the fledgling Inquisition, supporting
it both personally and materially. Murnau family
members serve in Several differenticapacities, both
clerical and lay. Unlike the members of the
Inquisition's c
many things at once—ascionefMurnau,a Domini-
can preacher,a Benedictine nun, a Teutonic Knight,
or a member of any of the layreligious foundations.
In a nonelerical capacity, the Murnau provide a
valuable support network for the shadow Inquisi-

ical orders, the Murnau can be

tion, providing a web of contacts among theirfamily

allies and distant relations in various cities, safe
houses from among their numerous properties, and
financial support. Most importantly, héwever, the
Murnau brought»themselves andthe sensitivity to
the occult that drove s6'mafiy of its members either
to the heights of personal piety or the depths of
personal depravity

Publicly, the Murnau are a well-respected noble
family of the Holy Roman Empire — not its lar,
most powerful or its most wealthy. The entire family

est, its

numbers somewhat fewer than two hundred, scattered
across the empire either by marriage or by vocation.
Vassals to the Duke of Bavaria, they have maintained
their position amid the vicissitudes of the empire's
politics through shrewd diplomacy, strategic alliance
marriages, and a highly refined sixth sense when it
comes to the incipient moral lapses of their fellow
nobles. Thus far, no one suspects that this "sixth sense"
isanything more thana talent for reading the direction
of the political winds. Leopold the Bear (Leopold and
Frederick's father) had a mind like a well-honed knife,
loyal enough to his feudal superiors to be relied upon,
and smart enough to know when to cut his losses. He

THE CoursinG Hounps OF HELL

(ie Murnau have provided much in the

way of flexible human resources for the
Inquisition. Besides offering eyes, ears, hands and
recruiting agents in the mendicant, monastic and
lay religiousorders, numerous membersof the family
have dedicated themselves to the fight.

Otto von Murnau is the current Murnau

n with the shadow Inquisition. He is the
second-eldest son of Frederick von Murnau,
current head of the family. Otto, until taking
on his duties as inquisitorial liaison, suffered
from a problem common in all ages — in
ible middle child syndrome, neither
important as the heir, nor as explosively no-
ticeable as his hotheaded younger sibling,
Gerhard. He is not particularly graced with
personal piety but instead possesses a level
head and a rather desperately earnest desire to
do his family honor. Often, he tries just a little
too hard to accomplish that task....

Franziska von Murnau is Frederick von
Murnau's twin sisterand the uncontested ruler of
the Murnau family roost when her brother is not
in residence. Franziska is iron-willed, completely
devoid of nonsense, and frequently widowed —

invariably suffer the wors

luck with horses, great heights and sharp ol ;

also tragically childless, enormously per-
sonally wealthy, possessed of estates in both
Hungary and Burgundy, and willing to dole out
both copious amounts of mentoring and material
support to any hapless young inquisitors who
happen to stri ancy, as she has an abun-
dance of parental instincts to vent.

Raganhard von Aschenbach had little
idea what was happening to him when the
Murnau curse first overtook him — he was, in
fact, only vaguely aware that he was a Murnau
relation, though his maternal great-grand-
mother. No other members of amily had
ever evidenced any trace of the curse; the
Murnau themselves had, in fact, almost for-
gotten that the Aschenbach relation ey
Raganhard's realization of the curse cam
personally terrible cost: He discovered that his
much-loved elder brother had been seduced

, and he has been grief-

n and bitter ever since, even as he

pursues the hunt for the creatures that con-
sumed his brother's soul.


guided the family ably through the conflicts between
Henry the Lion, at the time Duke of Bavaria, and
Frederick Barbarossa, the Holy Roman Emperor, with-
outreducing the family eitherto bankruptcy or outlawry
(no small feat). His acumen placed the family in good
stead before he passed on, and his younger son Frederick
has proved to be a more than capable successor to the
Murnau family tradition of political survival,

The Murnauare, of course, also the heirs toa darker
legacy, one that goads them more cruelly than the most
outrageous political or financial exigency. It is true that
no one knows where the Murnau family legacy comes
from any longer; if anyone ever did know, it was either
fact that
aggravates many younger Murnau. Itruns in their blood
like a quiescent poison, waiting for exposure to its
completing element to trigger. When it meets that
trigger, the senses of the Murnau sharpen, and they

not recorded or it was deliberately forgotten,

become preternaturally aware of the presence of the
diabolically tainted, the supernatural, the un-human.
That these accursed creatures become aware of them, as
well, is one of the unpleasant prices they pay for'their
heightened sensitivity. Another is the physiological

effect. To the Murnau, the reek of evil is not merely a
poetic metaphor. Diabolism stinks of the midden that
hasn't been cleaned in years, the uniquely vile odor of
rotting flesh and diseased blood; evil attempting to
conceal itself can smell of sweet flowers unable to mask
the underlying stench of spiritual defilement. Espe-
cially strong reactions can make the Murnau physically
ill, as their bodies react with nausea to the evil they can
sense. Such sweating and uncontrollable, shuddering
chills are in no way ignorable.

The curse has driven the Murnau for more years
than the Inquisition has existed. Before its advent,
numerous Murnau relations entered Holy Orders in
the desperate effort to escape the torment running in
their blood, finding peace only behind the walls of
the monastery or the convent. Nothing is more
maddening than sensing deceit and corruption at
every turn; than being unable to trust due to the
niggling suspicion that something, somewhere is not
right; than feeling the siren call of darkness — and
if that call should be repul-

not being able to de
sive'or seductive. Self-defense as much as piety has
been their motive for pursuing any religious avoca-

SONNY


FROM GENERATION TO GENERATION

he passage of the Murnau curse is, of
course, a family affair — to them,
much like the propensity for red hair and blue
eyes, or for twins every other generation, which
are quirks they also possess. Children of the
women who marry "out" of the Murnau family
have the best chance of avoiding the curse; for
them transmission is rather hit and miss. Some
married-out Murnau girls have children who
never evidence the curse; with others, all of
their children bear it. In some cases, the curse
skips generations, turning up in grandchildren
or cousins whose closest Murnau relation may
be a maternal grandparent. Thus, not everyone
who bears the Murnau curse necessarily carries
the Murnau family name, and so the Murnau
keep close track of their descendants and moni-
tor them as closely as they practically can for
signs of the curse. When such a child is found,
the Murnau usually spare no effort to gain
possession, often fostering their own distant
relations, teaching them about the curse and
how to go about concealing it from others.
Descendants of the direct Murnau male
line invariably carry the curse, both male and
female, including the line's bastard offspring.
Pressure is often applied to Murnau children to
marry early and remain faithful within their
marriages; Murnau elders often point out, quite
bluntly, that that's what your wife or husband is
there for. The family does not smile kindly on
curse-bearing extramarital mistakes. Frederick
von Murnau, the patriarch of the family, is an
exemplar of serial monogamy — marrying three
times and producing from his various wives six
sons and two daughters, with another child on
the way by his current wife (a daughter of the
Wittelsbach rulers of Bavaria who is younger
than half of his children). Younger Murnau
often mutter rebelliously about being used as
"brood mares and stud bulls for the curse," an
accusation with a certain amount of merit.
Their elders reply that every generation must
do its duty to continue the family line, espe-
cially one with a responsibility as important as
theirs. No one knows how, when, or by whom
the curse may finally be cleansed from the
blood, but most accept that serving Holy Mother
Church from within the Inquisition will cer-
tainly aid that effort.

tion, Ginter von Murnau had a particularly refined
case of violent piety, not only pursuing rumors of
demons in the dark Bavarian forests but nearly
bankrupting the family by founding a number of
monasteries and convents across Christendom and
offering generous boons to many more. His passion
for the pursuit of good works inspired a whole gen-
eration of Murnau to take up arms in both public and
private crusades, to commit themselves to the mili-
tary orders, or to become the supporters and
benefactors of the various monastic orders. The
House's involvement in the Inquisition has further
refined their focus, and finally exposed them to the
assistance that may permit them to unravel the
threads of the curse that binds them.

Murnau bloodhounds often find themselves the
point.men.and. women. of the inquisitorial.cells to
which they've been assigned. They are typically first
in, leading, their fellows into danger, and. last out,
ferreting out the last scraps of spiritual rot. They are,
even more than the Poor Knights, the hunters of th
Inquisition, guided by beyond-normal senses to pur
sue leads that few others would:consider worth the
effort. Once engaged, the curse is not easily turned
off, and it can also goad a Murnau inquisitor as well
as guide him, foreing him to extremes in order to
subdue it again. When this happens, the Murnau
must often rely upon their-cell-mates to help them
remember what it is ‘topbe human and not the
instrument of a decidedly dubious legacy.

Of course, not all Murnau prove equal to the

price that their curse extracts from them, or capable

of mastering all the weaknesses of the human spirit.

The Murnatycurse enhances their awareness of the
supernatural. Somemembers of thefamily, for what-
ever reasons, allow theif*fine sense of sin to lead
them down paths best left une:
falls into darkness willingly, he rarely ever bestirs
himself to climb back out again

plored. Oncea Murnau

Christof von Murnau himself, founder of the House,
fell from grace toward the end of his life. The curse
overcame him, reduced him to madness and a husk of
perverse self-abuse in an effort to still the sensitivity
that plucked at his nerves with fingers of fire; by the
time death took him, it came asa mercy. More recently,
Wilhelm von Murnau, youngest sibling of Leopold,
Frederick, and Franziska, lost— or never truly began —
his struggle with personal darkness. Only a handful of
people within the family remember that he didn't die in
infancy, as is indicated in the family Bible. His siblings
refer to him only as "our brother" and never speak of the
things they found when they investigated the small

INQUISITOR


a
prey jractdx

estate that Frederick had given him to administer.
Occasionally, for his part, he remembers his siblings'
birthdays.

It is the blackest fear of every Murnau parent
that his child will become the next to fail the test and
to fall into darkness. Such dread has fueled occasion-
ally serious intergenerational conflicts within the
family and resulted in severe discipline, a great deal
of pressure to conform, and more than a few cases of
flat-out rebellion. Frederick's youngest daughter,
Matilde, rejected suitor after suitor until he finally
broke down and permitted her to take Holy Orde

She has served the Inquisition as a Red Sister for six
years, a happier ending than some, and contrasted
sharply with her younger brother Gerhard, who took
his horse and his armor and disappeared for more

Crapter-Houses
Oculi Dei, the Murnau do not
have chapter-houses, p The House
county of Bavaria; in practical terms, this
and-rich. The fam-
sses at least a dozen castles or manor
houses within their domains, at least three or four
of which are in the personal possession and use of
the family, others of which t
stewards appointed to care for them. Similarly,
the Murnau have married across the breadth of
Christendom; many a Murnau inqui
found shelter in the household of a distant cousin
or an in-law, or within the

=
ike t

are considerably

long to vassals or

itor has

ious monastic
houses either founded or supported by Murnau
endowments. Additionally, numerous Murnau
servant:
Though lacking their masters' refined senses,
these individualsnonetheless make valuable con-

nd retainers also serve the Inquisition.

tributions to the cause.

The most important of the Murnau posses-
sions is Castle Murnau, the family seat.
Originally a simple tower keep, it has been
expanded upon by successive generations to
the sprawling monstrosity that it is today. The
entire family may not be able to house them-
selves within its walls, but it's a near thing,
especially if they were to put all the younger
children in the attic. Of secondary importance
are the Hungarian and Burgundian estates of
Franziska von Murnau.
the shadow Inquisitior
often become the safe houses of itinerant in-
quisitorial cells looking for both help and safety.

=Ci

ASL

than two years. He finally turned up again, penniless
and with a collection of new scars, at the Burgundian
estates of their aunt Franziska, having apparently
spent those years on the tourney circuit in France.
He has thus far steadfastly refused to do anything
that resembles conformity to his father's wishes. He
refuses to marry, or to at least take Holy Orders for
the sake of his soul, and flatly refuses to lend either
his extremely
of the Inquisition.

efined senses or his arm to the cause

That is, of course, the ultimate strength and
weakness of the Murnau, all supernatural consider-
ations aside. They are a family — the ties that bind
are also the ties that strangle.

Oculi Dei

Credite nemini.

— Found scrawled on a scrap of paper, folded

and left in the jaws of a lion statue on the grounds of
the Vatican

If the Poor Knights are the shadow Inquisition's
sword, the Holy Sisters its heart, and the Red Order
its mind, then the Oculi Dei are, as their name
implies, most*certainlyits"eyes. Secretive to' the
point of invisibility, they lurk in nearly every major
town and city across Christendom, from England to
Hungary — ubiquitous and, they.hope, almost all-
seeing, all-hearing, and_all-knowing:

The Eyes of God originated as an extrusion of a
Spanish military ordet, the°Sword_of St. James.
Formed in blatant reaction to one Iberian nobleman's
perception of the supernatural threatto'the heart of
Christendom, the Sword of Stijames was a walking
accident waiting to happen. None of its members,
save their founder, had any direct knowledge of or
contact with supernatural forces beyond' a vague
awareness that alliwas not right with the world and
their founder's'vigorous insistence that it was all the
fault of night-walking_fiends..In"1209, the Sword
met its first genuinely unholy challenge and shat-
tered, scattering to the four winds, shaken and nearly
unmanned by.their encounter with anactual vam-
pire. The order's founder, Rodriguede Navarre, was
the most deeply shaken and scarred of all, but took

one defining lesson from the disastrous collision
with Xalbador.

One cannot expect to act openly and achieve
anything when the enemy stands in the shadows and
twists the world to suit his own ends. One must play
the game better than one's enemy

and never act

until that game is already won.

- CHAPTER TWO. -

LTO ARM


a JMVIRATE OF PUPPET-MASTE!

@) odrigue d de Navarre has been less than
Ker pleased with the Inquisition from
its inception. In his opinion, it still operates far too
openly for the safety of any of its members; the Poor
Knights of the Cross are a particularly enormous
security risk. The suggestion has been made, more
than once, that in them he simply sees a more
heavily armed version of the Sword of St. James,
which can accurately be defined as a complete
failure on de Navarre's part. That this sugg
was made by Aignen le Libraire, de Navarre's
longtime friend and brother-in-law, split the close
alliance thathad existed between them, and Aignen
compounded the sin by volunteering the services
of the Oculi Dei to the shadow Inquisition.
Rodrigue de Navarre still chooses, or at least
approves the choice of, the majority of the Eyes of
ating in Iberia. From the center of his web
a, he tugs strands and pulls information
to him, and then p: it on or withholds it as the
situation seems to require. He also refers to Aignen
le Libraire as "that damned traitor," among other
unflattering things, and privately he hopes to see
his former best friend receive a generous comeup-
pance when the entire holy enterprise blows up in
his face.

Aignen le Libraire, for his part, mourns the
s that forced him to break ranks with

‘e, but he still thinks his actions were for
the best. The Oculi Dei represent a resource that
cannot rest solely in the hands of a single man,
particularly not a man as deeply emotionally bro-
ken as de Navarre has become. Deeply devout,
Aignen realized at an early stage that the Inquisi-
tion would require | s than the ones the
already had, and he set about making the Eyes of
God indispensable to Cardinal Marzone. Le Libraire
commands his Oculi from the city of Toulouse, the
great Occitan hub of travel and commerce, where
he owns a bookseller's shop that doubles as the
Languedocien contact point for itinerant Oculi.

Lizia Montesi di Roma, the only daughter of
a Roman merchant and his wife, was among the
first women recruited by the Eyes. Recruited for
her fine eye for detail and hard-minded practical-
ity, Liziahas climbed to the top of the Italian Oculi
hierarchy, apositionacknowledged by both Aignen
le Libraire and Rodrigue de Navarre. She runs
arguably the tightest ship among the order, not
only due to the supernatural menaces rife on the
Italian peninsula but because they operate under
the very nose of the Holy Office, an organization
notably unfriendly to those they believe have
something to hide.

Rodrigue de Navarre painstakingly put the pieces
of the Sword of St. James back together again, and
they achieved several minor victories of arms against
the night-walkers and their minions. He has also, for
the last twenty-odd years, used the group as an
expendable blind for his more ambitious undertak-
the formation of the Oculi Dei,
confraternity of men and women devoted to identi-
fying out the blood-drinking
monstrosities that batten on the soul of Christendom.

ing a lay

and rooting

All of the most senior members of the order were

originally members of the Sword of St. James, chosen
for their personal loyalty toand beliefin de Navarre's
vision. He dispersed them to the farthest reaches of
Christendom to begin the task of educating and
recruiting others to the cause.

Thus the Oculi Dei have become, rather than
fearless vampire hunters in shining armor, the com-
mon man. Whereas the Sword of St. James draws the
eyes of the night-walkers with their obvious at-
tempts at secrecyy'the Eyes of God slip beneath the
notice of all but the most discerning The powerful,
after all, rarely give much attention to the meek,
who enter the,halls of power'through the servants'
postern and launder the bloody sheets left after a
night of indulgence. They scribe theletters dictated
to them by fiends wearing thé'shapes of men. They
measure, cut and embroider the clothing that covers
pale flesh nothing will ever keep warm again.

For the most part, Eyes of God come in two
stripes. The vast bulk of the order consists of station-
ary agents, mén.and women anchoréd to the cities,
towns and estates in-which-they live. These indi-
viduals,are the lifeblood of the order. They are the
stall holders and cookshop owners in the great fair
towns, the apprentice silversmiths.and the minor
clerks, the maidservants of good' households and the

tavern prostitutes, the ladies of landholding knights

and the consorts of highborn women. There may be
as many as five toa town oras few as one. Few of them

know one another by face or by name; their security

precautions are elaborate, as befits both the secretive
nature of their duties and the rampant personal
paranoia those duties invariably engender. Those
duties are simple. Watch.
Never act precipitately. Trust no one. Contact the
Inquisition only when you feel that complete success

Compile your findings.

is possible.

It was the stationary Oculi who developed the
shadow Inquisition's method of coded communica-
tions, as well as the habit of using pictorial signs for the
illiterate. They have also championed the use of verbal

yy


FREEDOMAND NECESSITY

(Gis original membership of the Oculi
Dei consisted of Rodrigue de Navarre's
most trusted inner circle of lieutenants, and their
most highly favored underlings. Thus, like the
Poor Knights, the Oculi Dei were initially almost
entirely male. The decision to recruit women into
the order was made after much internal debate
and moral agonizing. On the one hand, some early
members regarded women as being innately less
security conscious, more prone to gossip, less
liable to think clearly and more vulnerable to the
unholy temptations that the night-walkers could
bring to bear, should they be discovered or cap-
tured. Onthe other were the practical observations
that not all night-walkers were male themselves,
that some women arguably had brains beneath
their hair, and that they could go places no male
Eye should want to attempt (such as another
man's bedchamber). The first female Eye of God
was recruited, as an experiment, by one of de
Navarre's Italian agents and acquitted herself so
ably in her duties that the practice was officially
adopted, to the disgruntlement of the more tradi-

tional members of the order.

and visual recognition codes when the members of two
different inquisitorial cells meet. Contact with the
Inquisition is often arranged obliquely; the stationary
Oculi cell must usually make contact with an itinerant
Eye, through acoded message left ata designated site for
the exchange of anonymous Communications, with the
ant Eye doing most of the legwork to arrange the
sven then, the Oculi cell usually only desig-

itine!
meeting.
natesarepresentative todeal with their fellow inquisitors,
in order to maintain maximum secrecy for the bulk of
the cell. Most stationary Oculi do not know each
others' names, referring to members of their own cell
and to other inquisitors known to them by code names,
often with obscure allusions and petsonal jokes worked
into them. This gallows humor allows them to deal

somewhat with the other terrible pressure of the order's

position: frustration. Itisno easy task thatthe Oculi D

have undertaken®They are enjoinéd upon pain of
expulsion from the order to take no action whatsoever,
no matter what horrors they bear witness to, no matter
what tragedies arise from their inability toact immedi-
they deal with the-moral agony this
position imposes is what defines their longevity, both as

ately. How we

individuals and as an order.

The other sort of Eye is, of course, the itinerant
one. Less common than the members of a stationary
cell, the itinerant Eye is also most likely to be the
lone agent, the courier carrying inquisitorial corre-
spondence between far-flung locales, the contact
between inquisitorial cells, the teacher who shows
up to instruct other inquisitors on new techniques to
locate and deal with their foes. He (less often she)
often follows a profession that permits him to travel
without appearing overly suspicious — a merchant,
acaravan guard, a professional courier, a condotierre

or claims to be on pilgrimage. In fact, one recog-

nition code makes use of the major European

Creorre NeMINI

R odrigue de Navarre, now well past
N middle age, is possibly the most para-
noid man in all of Christendom, a characteristic
he has bestowed like a patrimony to nearly every-
one who serves under him. The Eyes of God are
not supposed to know anything about one an-
other, that they may never betray their fellows
should they be captured or questioned. Members
of the order are supposed to be prepared to die
rather than allow any secrets floating about in
their heads to fall into the hands of the night-
walkers. They are supposed to be almost
superhumanly capable of functioning over long
years of thankless toil that exposes to them the
worst excesses of the human and inhuman spirit,

friendless, virtually alone.

The Eyes of God, however, are human and
have the tendency to fall short of the ideal in any
number of ways. Groups of stationary Oculi on
guard over a large town or a city tend to be the
most likely to break with strict inter-order se-
crecy, for practical reasons of intelligence
compilation as well as for their own sanity. Notall
Oculi are equally literate, but the unlettered pot
girl at the local tavern is just as likely to turn up
important evidence as the clerk skulking around
the cathedral in hopes someone will dictate an
incriminating letter to him. There must beat least
one wholly literate member of any stationary cell
to take depositions from his fellows, read and
write coded correspondence, and compile the
assembled information intocoherent reports. And
for this to happen, there must be at least nominal
trust within the cell itself, even if all the members
hide their faces behind veils, masks, and hoods
when they meet.


pilgrimage sites, named in a certain order, to verify
the identities of traveling Oculi acting as liaisons
between inquisitorial cells. Mobile Eyes tend to
make even others of their order acutely uncomfort-
able. Many of them have been extensively trained in
genuine infiltration techniques that they practice
even on their fellows; no small number of them have

some sort of diplomatic experience in their pasts that

grants them an even more jaundiced opinion of the
human condition than average. Often, ifa senior Eye
wishes to test the functionality of a given inquisito-
rial cell, Oculi or otherwise, an itinerant Eye will be

dispatched to insert himself into that cell's jurisdic-

tion. This is done not only to observe their methods
of operation, but to see if they are apt enough to
catch him at it. If not, someone will almost invari-
ably want to know why.

Itinerant E
paranoid of the shadow inquisitors, as well as those
most deeply committed, for reasons likely to be both
painful and personal. They know that should they be

es are among the most secretive and

Cnaprer-House

TB he Oculi Dei do not have "chapter-

~/ houses" in the
clerical orders; in fact, the more paranoid among
the Eyes look upon these places with a rather
horrified fa waiting for something
awful to happen to them. The fact that anyplace
one returns to habitually is a place where one
spied upon, ambushed, or
one of the first lessons ground into
i "chapter-
tend to be mobile, randomly selected,
and the location disseminated to the members
of the stationary cell at designated inforr
drop points — via coded messages left in the
bases of statues or pictorial graffiti created in the
marketplace — usually only a short time
any meeting occurs. Itinerant Eyes make use of

ame fashion as the

scination,

can be traced to,

ptured i
Oculi recruits. As a result, Oculi
houses"

ion

efore

these same drop points, the locations of which

they are hopefully informed of before being
dispatched toa given town or city, to arrange for
contact with its stationary Oculi cell, and to
leave correspondence, and to collect any that is
These drop points can be anything
from the aforementioned hollowed-out statue
bases, to market stalls, to the boles of trees on
forested estates, to the haylofts of stables, and
often they constitute the closest thing to an
Oculi Dei chapter-house.

outgoing.

wae

AL @ Wi ‘

captured, the best they can hope for is a messy and
painful period of torture, followed by an equally
unpleasant death. Almost no one knows who they
are. Until they are deployed in the field, they are also
kept deliberately ignorant, or else are carefully fed a
diet of misinformation that will harm no one, should
it be pried from them. Should they fall, only Aignen
le Libraire will mourn them, and even that isn't
entirely certain. If being a stationary Eye is often an
exercise in applied frustration and fear, being a

mobile Eye is an exercise in loneliness, with few
resources to fall back on other than what they carry
within themselves.

The Oculi Dei are among the inquisitors most
likely to burn themselves out in pursuit of their duty,
no matter how close or loose the bonds between
stationary Eyes, or how great the well of self-reliance
possessed by the. itinerant Eye..The things they
witness cause*them to sink into depression and
despair. Many turn to drink to deaden,their emo-
tions, or/to perverse*behaviors of all varieties to
release the pain that builds within'them. The Oculi
Dei code of'silence is one of the hardest crosses to
bear, as it relies heavily on thejudgment of individu-
als and cells to decide when, and when not, to take
action. One mistake in judgment camcost not only
lives but souls, and these mistakes — the'bad judg-
ment calls, the blood,that falls on'their hands either
way—hauntthe Eyes inthe small hours of the night.
Of all the inquisitors, only the-Eyes of God/suffer
genuine attrition due to deliberate suicidey as op-
posed to death from recklessness. The weight of their
burden grinds down their will to live; and many
perceive the onlyeunforgivable. siti as a lesser error
than keeping silent for 66 long.

Problems

After years of thankless political labor on the
part of its leaders, the Inquisition has finally reached
the point where it can act as a more-or-less inte-
grated force. It does so by officially ignoring the
many remaining areas of disagreement among the
five orders. After
prompted them to unify are still fresh and persuasive
enough in the minds of most inquisitors to smooth
over the worst strife. Still, cracks become visible
from time to time, particularly when a new issue
confronts the Inquisition as a whole.

The Blessed Teresa

Shortly after Sister Teresa's death in 1227, her
order began mounting the inevitable canonization
campaign. To most who actually knew Teresa, the

all, the reasons that originally

VAS

Pyc)

) ye oe 4
rack Apa 7

canonization seems inevitable as well. Although her
visions were often highly disturbing and thus subject
to the charge of being demonically inspired, she was
without question an obedient daughter of the Church,
traveling all the way to Rome especially to receive
Papal blessing and approval; and she reportedly
performed several miraculous healings over the course
of her blameless life.

Politically, however, things are never so simple. For
one thing, Teresa's canonization would make her the
first inquisitor saint, which would greatly
redound to the honor of the Siste
By this point, every order has its
own list of the fallen, martyred in
the struggle, who they certainly
feel merit some official recog-
nition. Only a few could be
considered nearly as qualified
for sainthood as Teresa,
butseveral may well prove
worthy of the distinction
of Blessed (a sort of inter-
mediate degree). Whose
requests are granted and

whose rebuffed or
shelved carries reper-
cussions far

beyond the ac-
tual question of
canonization;
such decisionsare
also considered a
sign of which order
most
Marzone's favor.
well thatofthe pope
himself.

enjoys
aS

Teresa el-
evated to Blessed in
1228, possibly be-
of
rumored involve-
mentinsaving Pope
Grego life, but
the next step seems
rather slower in

was

cause her

coming. Marzone
(whopersonally sup-
ports the Sisters'
campaign but
leery of showing
too much favor-

is

itism) is currently gathering testimonials from impor-
tant inquisitors throughout Europe both for and against
the canonization. Gauthier de Dampiere has already
submitted a deposition heartily in her favor, as has Otto
von Murnau, but the recommendation the Sisters ea-
gerly await from Brother Leopold has yet to arrive. He
pleads a lack of time; in truth, he fears to write a

testimonial when he knows his own impression of Teresa's

sanctity is based more on instinct than on any specific

incident he personally witnessed — a predicament that
offends his keen sense of reason.

Although the Oculi Dei must surely have
observed Teresa as they observe everyone
else, no Eye of note has yet stepped for-
ward to speak on her behalf. Indeed,
some mutter darkly whenever the sub-
ject is brought up. The Eyes' easily stoked

suspicions were aroused the moment they

came across a copy of Teresa's final

vision and discovered, buried
within it, allusions to many a
dark secret they them-
selves have
laboring — the hard
way — for years to

been

uncover.
The debate sur-
rounding the
Blessed Teresa has
also become a touch-
stone for the somewhat
larger
about the properrole
of the Sisters in the
life of the Inquisition.
To many, supporting
Teresa's canonization

argument

amounts to
of
practices of her order —
particularly their use
of the rite of e

an en-

dorsement those

orcism and
their scandal-
ously frequent
trips out of clois-
ter —which
seem most out of
keeping with
the modesty be-
fitting a nun.
Others insist


oe hs el
APTS RY f

that it amounts to e3 y the opposite, since, after
all, with the notable exception of her pilgrimage to
Rome, Teresa mostly kept to her eremitic convent,
having her visions and communicating with the
outside world largely through letters; a far more
acceptable female lifestyle, so long as the visions
don't turn heretical.

The Eyesol GodOpen

The Oculi Dei are the Inquisition's newest re-
cruits, but one would never guess it from the depth
and breadth of their current involvement. After all,
a crusade contra Diabolum enim et alii daemones nec-
es: Detection,
e and the second and

arily consists of three parts:

amination, and destructior

third hinge upon the successful completion of the
first. Very quickly, the Inquisition went from having
no idea the Eyes of God even existed to being unable
to imagine doing the job without them.
Nonetheless, the integration of the order into
the Inquisition's labors has been far from easy. The
Eyes themselves remain deeply reticent. Many let
their fellow crusaders know from-the start that no
one, not evenanother inquisitor, is immune to the

order's dispassionate scrutiny. Inquisitors used to
freer cooperation withsibling orders have been greatly
annoyed and even disturbed by the Eyes' rigid insis-
tence on anonymity, disguise, inscrutable ciphers
and riddles and countersigns. Still more are torn
between awe atthe vast store ofinformation the
Oculi place at their fingertips and resentment at
their newfound dependence on such information.
Even months after an Eye has begun to work closely
with a cell, she is still'something of an'outsider by
definition. Slowly, gradually, here"and there, as
individuals prove their-worth'to each other in the
thick of battle, some barriers dissolve — but there is
a final line of trust many Oculi never allow them-
selves to Cross

The Eyes of Godvalso havea far greater propor-
tion of commoners among them than any other
order, and they often end up unintentionally reen-
acting the class struggles of all medieval society with
their clerical and lordly brethren. Indeed, many
Oculi seem to hail from distinctly unsavory quarters,
or so their detailed reports of sinful and diabolical
activity suggest. Oculi disappear at a rate alarmingly
quicker than most inquisitors. Are they dying — or
going over to the other side? Scattered talk even
circulates of Rodrigue de Navarre himself going
mad. What happens if a man privy to almost all the
organization's secrets enters a delirium? Whom might

his loosened tongue betray?

Councilmen and procurators bridle at such ru-
mors. Nonsense, they say; if the Oculi Dei were
succumbing to temptation in such numbers, the
whole Inquisition would have
at birth. That it has not fallen yet thus tes
order's good faith

The Daly Land

The bulk of the Inquisition feels that the Holy
Land is lost to Christendom, at least temporarily.
And though this is a fate any good Christian bitterly
laments, far more urgent matters demand the
Inquisition's attention. Demons stalk all the great
capitals of the Western world, worming into kingly
courts, tempting bishops into the vilest betrayals of
vow and cure. Let what lies across the Bosporus take
care of itself for the moment.

Many of the Poor Kr

another Crusade now.

been crushed almost
Fies to the
. at least for the present.

ghts disagree. They want

Tosome extent, this is perfectly understandable.
The Order of the Poor Knights was fired in the hell-
forge of the Crusades. Many of them bled their last to
protect the holy places from defamation by S
and other even more terrifying creatures. Nor is it
heresy to reason that a demonic rot at the heart of
Palestine, which tradition places at the center of
medieval world maps, will inevitably infect all of
humanity if left untended. Many in the five orders
feel obliged to support the Knights' desire for a
Crusade even if it would deplete their own fighting
forces. There is, after all, only one Jerusalem.

Still, most inquisitors find it exasperating, par-
ticularly those who prefer the organization avoid as
much outside attention as possible. To their way of
thinking, the Knights signed on and swore a holy
oath to be the chivalrous protectors of the Inquisi-
tion, and then turned right around and stated their
firm intent to gallivant around areas where the
Inquisition doesn't even really operate. The pope,
unfortunately, is of no help whatever on this issue;
no pope will gainsay a call to Crusade, although he
might refrain from pushing one if circumstances in
Europe seem unpropitious.

Those Knights who have firmly attached them-
selves to a cell of inquisitors say they have no plans
to abandon their comrades to the local devilry —
much to their comrades' relief. And many inquisi-
tors comfort themselves that however badly the
Knights might want another Crusade, there's a s
able gap between wanting and having that it takes a
mountain of gold to fill. But every time a rumor
filters down that the Knights have been talking to


¢

17
EY rach RG}

v A

the Venetian bankers, or that ships are being char-
tered and provisioned, or that some king, prince or
duke has made noise about a possible Crusade, folk
get nervous all over again.

The Cainite Heresy

Although the Holy Office is clearly not prepared
to accept this as fact, the Church has already all but
killed the heresy in the Languedoc. True, Catharism
persists for another century yet, but the movement's
once considerable potential pped forever. Fire,
sword and looting have accomplished what preach-

ing did not.

This leaves the Cainite Heresy perilously ex
posed and bereft. In the days when Albigenses were
tolerated, servants of the Heresy could recruit from
amass of people already committed to dualism and to
rebellion against the Church, albeit in far
benevolent form. Although the Heretics' own rites
are anything but benevolent, their secretive comings
and goings were not in themselves viewed as cause
for alarm by the feudal authorities, many of whom
belonged to the Cathar church themselves.

The Inquisition professes itself delighted by this
state of affairs — how could it do otherv
Church's triumph also brings new troubles. The
responsibility for inquisition is moving out of the
hands of the bishops who, historically, addressed it
sporadically at best, and into those of the Holy
Office, which is quickly proving itself not only a
powerful body but a frighteningly well-organized
one as well. The chances of the Church at large
stumbling onto the truth of the Cainite Heresy have
never been greater. The Inquisition can no more
allow this than can the Heretics themselves.

more

Controversy over how best to pursue the Heresy
in the aftermath of the Albigensian Crusade has
nearly splintered more than one cell. Those inquisi-
tors who also have influence in the Holy Office or
the secular clergy insist that they should direct
further purges, as they can best determine how to
move without endangering the public face of the
Church. Other inquisitors insist with equal vehe-
mence that it is precisely those who have ties to Holy
Office and the secular clergy who should be keeping
their noses clean and staying away from the fight. In

either case, a new way of covering up group execu-
tions must be found, since the raging warfare that
once made it easy to lose a few bodies here and there
without notice largely ended with the Peace of Paris.
There is talk of letting the blame fall on the petty
lords of the area, or Albigensian holdouts from the

mountains, or even Crusaders who came to do the
pope's will and stayed around to loot.

The Inquisition also realizes that the Heresy has
a reach far beyond the Languedoc. There ma
fair number of adherents in Lombardy, and in certain
parts of the Holy Roman Empire. There are even
whispers of corruption further south, deep within
the Papal States. In any case, one can hardly doubt
that as the foul Cainites are driven forth from the
Languedoc those that survive will flee and attempt
their blasphemies in neighboring lands.

bea

Many of the inquisitor cells in the areas deemed
most at risk, however, are loath to drop their current
pursuits to pick up a new thread entirely. The Black
Forest inquisitors see no reason to worry about some
pale priest who might be arriving sometime soon
when only last we

a whole band of woodsmen and
their families were savaged to pieces by demon
Such folk generally greet bundles of helpful
documents and advisory letters from their brethren
in the Midi with something less than enthusiasm.

wolves

An even cooler reception awaits those fervent
inquisitors who are presently leaving their accus-
tomed haunts to follow the Heresy in its exodus
across Europe. Although some actually manage to
befriend the local cells
hospitality inquisitors feel obliged to show each
other regardless of circumstance
make themselves obnoxious not only with their
assumption that they know exactly what is behind
the local atrocities, but also with their unintentional
interference in ongoing investigations.

The Enemy Within

The most holy secret Inquisition is an institu-
tion charged with the duty of protecting the faithful
from demonic influence, whenever or wherever it
might appear. But what happens when demonic
influence penetrates the very Church from which
the Inquisition derives its power to judge?

and none are denied the

all too often they

For some, the answer is simple enough, and any
attempt to complicate it represents in itself a par-
ticularly virulent and Hell-born heresy. If there is
evil within the Church, it must be rooted out with
even greater vigor than usual. To hesitate is to play
into the Devil's hands.

It is because of these people (who are rarely
simple-minded despite the simplicity of their opin-
ion on this point, and ma
beating heart of the Inquisition) that Marzone and
the Supreme Council have not more widely shared
all they know of the terrible depravities to be found

y indeed represent the very


a

&

Ot frye

in the highest echelons of the Church. Marzone
swore decades ago to defend Christianity with all his
might, but as a cardinal and as a believer he recog-
nizes that if his efforts knock out too many of the
papacy's vital supports at once he will be responsible
for destroying the one glimmer of light left to the
world. The Church's credibility is at an all-time low
(or seems to be; it actually has yet to reach its nadir),
and credibility is exactly what it must have in order
to hold the ailing body of Christendom together
The rudest prayers of a grubby but devout peasant's
wife are heard by God; her voice weaves seamlessly
into the general cry to Heaven. The community of
the faithful cannot afford to lose even her, and so she
must be able to believe in her Church.

As the Oculi Dei have an official policy of
inaction and secrecy that is nicely in line with
Marzone's current policy on this matter, he and the
Supreme Council make extensi
talents to gather what information they can about

e use of the order's

those prominent churchmen suspected of demonic
dabblings. The Eyes of God involved are enjoined by
their solemn vow of obedience to the papacy not to
reveal what the
of the Supreme Council.

learn to anyone without permission

er buierye see We

Select inquisitors of other orders are being brought
into the investigation as well, little by little. These men
and women do their work devotedly, although the
revelations they encounter may shock them tothe core,
but they do not yet realize the price of the trust being
placed in them. In years to come, they find their
freedom constricted by official meddling: Their at-
tempts to move to other dioceses and work with fresh
companions may be frustrated, or they may even be
promoted out of active duty, or, conversely, sent into
ever more hazardous assignments.

Though the Inquisition manages to pick off
suborned bishops here and there as opportunity
permits —as well as some wealthy abbots, Templars,
and Hospitalers, even a lesser cardinal or two —
many y
to strike at the deepest roots of the corruption. Yes,
the present pope can be trusted implicitly, but he
might die at any time and be replaced by an antipope,

ars will pass before the leadership feels ready

or even a legitimate pope who simply hates the
Inquisition for whatever reason. Thus, Marzone and
the Council believe that any plan that ultimately
depends on his cooperation for its success is too risky
to pursue.

'

prey frackd

pitas

Unknown to Marzone and the Council, how-
a number of underlings not privy to their
secrets already guess the worst. Visionary Sisters
have had peculiar experiences while hearing Mass
said in Rome. The Red Order has rebuffed friendly
approaches by any number of suspect characters

BS

ae 1a

hoping for access to forbidden lore, then, out of
curiosity, poked around to see who actually ordered
the overture. More often than the Order cares to
admit, the trail leads back to some great man of the
cloth. The Knights discovered some time ago that
not every legate who hires one of their number out
for protection is free of odd political entanglements.
And as for the Murnau, they can bloody well smell
that something is deeply wrong in the Lateran.

To those who truly believe they serve the one
incorrupt and inviolate arm of the Church, the
Inquisition's continuing reluctance to squarely con-
front the terrible truth that so many now suspect is
a source of great anguish. They may come to regret
their order's vow of obedience to the Inquisitor-
General. They may raise their voices in loud dissent.
They may even break off from the larger body com-
pletely and begin their own private campaigns of
justice. Alas, in trying to protect the Church which
it views as the very font and shield of hope, the
Inquisition may well end up splintering under the
weight of its own self-contradiction someday.

WiiredCells

In the early days, while the Inquisition was
undergoing its process of accretion, most inquisitor
cells were made up of members of one, at most two
orders. Although the five orders frequently con-
sulted each other for information and special
assistance, by correspondence and in person, their

members did not come together on the front lines.
The Inquisition operated as more of a confederacy
than anything else, sharing resources as necessary —
and only as necessary.

This has been changing. Marzone realizes that
the Inquisition will never perform up to its potential
so long as the orders misunderstand and even mis-
trust one another. He also realizes nothing can
substitute for face-to-face contact, and that lifelong
friendships can be sealed during one dire battle. As
a result, he has sent out several mandates both

encouraging inquisitors of various orders to join
forces and praising successful examples of such col-
laboration. His shining example is the partnership of
Leopold von Murnau and Sir Baudioun le Breton (a
more disparate pair can hardly be imagined, yet

somehow they move as one and no demon can stand
against them).

Insome quarters, his persuasion is hardly needed.
Where the forces of night are at their
where the ranks of the Inquisition are thinnest,
multi-order cells have formed out of sheer necessity.
In other places, local Councils have put such cells

rongest,

together as test cases and claim to be greatly pleased
with the outcome. However, resentments are inevi-
table even under the best circumstances. There are
veteran single-order cells of fierce loyalties who
don't particularly want to break up or take in strang-
ers just to satisfy some kind of organizational
experiment. A Red Sister famed in her own order as
askilled spy cannot be expected to greet joyfully the
an Eye of God into her cell. A Murnau
who takes pleasure in being the noble rescuer of
other inquisitors in his area will view a Knight's
arrival as a veritable challenge d'honneur, a tacit
insult to his prowess. And so forth. So far, the most
harmonious mixed cells are still those who have
found personal incentive to stick together and per-
sonal experience on which to base their mutual trust.

insertion of

Mixed cells also run into unexpected conflicts
over procedure. Although the steps of a proper
inquisition have been set down clearly and formally,
many order-spe: assumptions still lurk, parti
larly in the details. This is especially so in areas
where one order dominates the local Council of
Faith. A Knight may set a fiend's library ablaze as a
matter of course, thinking he's doing the world a
great favor, only to be astounded by the fury of his
Red Order colleague. Doesn't he know always to look
at the creature's books first, to see if they hold any
important clues about other infestations? Of course,
the Knight has the excuse to fall intoa fury of hisown
when the Brother sees no compelling reason to wait
for some moldy old finger-bone to be brought in from
dozens of miles away just because the fetishistic
Knight doesn't want to wade into battle without it.

The Martyrdom Rin ignen

An even sorer point is the matter of Aignen le
Libraire, second-in-command of the Oculi Dei, who —
irony of ironies — becomes one of the Holy Office's first
official victims in 1231. After day
fesses to being an Albigensian perfectus and leading a
number of Christian lambs into error, although the Holy
Office is unable to track down most of the names he gives
under the question. Those they do track down largely
turn out to be dead already (never ones to be dissuaded
by earthly finalities, the Holy Office has the bones dug

u-

of torture, he con-

er
——> a
=f


THEFUTURE
z he martyrdom of Aignen le Libraire is
( d)

included here as a story seed and as
part of the "official" future of the shadow In-
quisition. Individual troupes, however, should
consider this event to be as inviolate and
unchangeable as any other metaplot event —
that is to say, not at all. If your chronicles
require that Aignen le Libraire dies sooner,
later or not at all, feel free.

up and burned regardless). At least a dozen of Aignen's
faithful Eyes of God from throughout the Languedoc risk
their own cover to be present in the crowd at his

execution — showing their faces so that he may be
comforted in his last moments by their silent witness.

To the Inquisition, this comes as a thunderbolt
blow. Aignen's death leaves an enormous void in the
crusade's leadership, as Rodrigue is practically a hermit
these days — and yet that isn't the worst of it. Most
inquisitors accept without question that they may die
any night at the talons of the demons and those who
serve them. But that Aignen should be struck down by
the Church itself, and more horrifyingly, by their
sibling organization within the Church, reveals to
many just how alone the secret Inquisition truly is,
papal decrees to the contrary notwithstanding.

Of course, few give the slightest credence to the
charges against Aignen, particularly among those
Eyes of God for whom he was father, protector and
unofficial confessor all in one. It must have been a
tragic error. He was austere and thin like many
perfecti, the scion of an old family of Toulouse, and he
must surely have seemed to the Holy Office to be
hiding something — indeed, the story goes that he
was caught burning a book in cipher, which he
politely refused to turn over when the Holy Office
broke in upon him. As for his "confession," clearly he
simply folded under torture, or perhaps even deliber-
ately held out fora plausible period, then gave a false
confession so as to protect his real secrets. Even
Rodrigue de Navarre, who called Aignen a traitor for
years for revealing the Oculi Dei's e
papacy, insists upon the man's innocence.

istence to the

Much as it pains Marzone, who agrees with de

Navarre, he does not feel he can afford to step forward
and officially petition for Aignen's posthumous reha-
bilitation. The secrecy of the shadow Inquisition is far

more important than the fate of one inquisitor's life, or

Pt
4)

7; * PN 4
ta Pe

rae

even of one inquisitor's soul. Naturally, the Eyes of God
resent this as one more slight against them as an order
and as "mere" laity... even though they understand
better than anyone else how right Marzone is. After all,
they fervently believe that Aignen died to protect their
identities. Much as they would like to trust the Holy
Office, there's no way toknow it has escaped corruption.
Indeed, some of the more paranoid Oculi view Aignen's
martyrdom as proof positive of a sinister hand.

Marzone has spoken informally to the pope, who
is sympathetic, but counsels waiting some years
before taking action. For the pope to reverse the
Holy Office's verdicts so soon would undermine the
authority of the newborn institution just when it
most needs his support, and it's simply not worth it.
God knows the truth of Aignen's soul, he assures
Marzone. Let it wait just a few years. Once the heresy
is dead in the Languedoc, much that is wrong now

can be set right.

The Oculi Dei, used to forming their own con-
clusions, have made a far bolder move. One of their
own with ties to the Holy Office has arranged to get
hold of Aignen's remains, which are to be transferred
toa family estate just outside Toulouse and buried in
consecrated ground next to the bones of his ances-

tors. In years to come, the site becomes an unofficial
Oculi Dei shrine: the ultimate monument to the
lonely and unsung, but (hopefully) holy fate which

any Eye of God, great or small, might meet.

Milosophys Consolation

He turned to me and asked whether, if my own eye
offended me, I would pluck it out. I said so our Lord had
commanded. He asked me was it not true that God had
also commanded Abraham himself to kill his son Isaac on
the mountaintop. I agreed it was so, but hastened to add
that God in His mercy had provided a substitute sacrifice
at the last moment. He glanced once more at the babe in
his arms and asked mockingly of it why God did not do the
same now, and before I could move he had tossed it into
the canal. I did not know then that his wife we
dead. I beg mercy for my brother inquisitor; if he is mad
then perhaps we are all mad from our grief and burden,
and my nights are spent praying, wondering if perhaps I
too have shed innocent blood in a delirium I likewise took
for ardor...

— from the deposition of Zanino Turri, Poor
Knight of Acre, to the Venice Council of Faith

already

To the modern mind, the historical Inquisition
stands as the archetypal example of oppression and

murder cloaked in a guise of piety. The idea that a
person can be "saved" by torture or burning is now
almost universally rejected; that inquisitors could
and did perform such deeds can only mean that they
were bloodthirsty, superstitious, maddened by re-
pressed lusts or simply out-and-out evil.

Inquisitors would beg to differ. From their per-
spective, they are holy warriors selflessly devoting
their careers and lives to the protection of Christian
souls. The inquisitors of the crusade contra Diabolum
enim et alii daemones feel even more strongly about
the righteousness of their endeavor. This section is
intended to help explain how rational, moral human
beings can believe the things that inquisitors be-
lieve, as well as the implications — both benign and
dangerous — of those beliefs.

The Dark Ages?

Acommon misconception holds that reason more
or less vanished from the Western world with the fall of
the Roman Empire and didn't reappear until the Re-
naissance; the Middle Ages was nothing more than a
doldrums in the evolution of human ideas. In fact,
medieval Christian thought is as much the child of
classical philosophy as of mystic revelation. The medi-
eval Church produced many brilliant minds whose
powers of logic were as formidable as anyone's in any
historical period: Aquinas, Boethius, etc.

It is true that the basic tenets of Christianity
were held to have been divinely revealed. Therefore,
adirect statement from Scripture itself (or, tellingly,
froma Church council) was not subject to refutation
by logic. "Natural reason" was, however, considered
an admirable tool for exploring and applying the
essential truths. Much of the Greek philosophers'
work had been lost to the West since the fall of the
old Empire; precious few folk could even read the
language anymore. Still, what was known of neo-
Platonic thought was reverently imitated by Western
scholars, and the Crusaders rediscovered a great deal
of scholarship that the Islamic tradition had pre-
served. The 12th century in particular enjoyed a
great intellectual flowering, accompanied by restless
spiritual inquiry at all levels of society. Heresy was
simply the most threatening incarnation of the quest-
ing spirit of the age.

Medieval thinkers also had a remarkable ability to
pursue a line of reasoning all the way to its logical end,
even if that end seemed extreme, inhumane or simply
unworkable. It was partly this ability that made the


worst horrors of the historical Inquisition possible: The
stake was, for far too many, the logical end.

Mother Onuceh

In the Dark Medieval, faith alone saves. Good
works, while they serve as important proof of inner
conviction, are not the basis on which souls are judged.
All men sin and fall short of the glory of God, it is
written; but God, in His infinite forgiveness, has pro-
vided the sacraments of communion, confession and
extreme unction, which — when performed by one of
the anointed —assist aman back to reconciliation after
his inevitable stumbles. This benefit, however, is ex-
tended to the faithful only. A man without faith is a
man without shelter from God's just wrath. Even the
smallest sin imperils his immortal soul.

The question then becomes: What is the faith,
exactly? Who are the faithful? To the devout men
and women of the Church, this is not mere academ-
ics. They truly believe that on the day of reckoning,
they will be called before the very throne of God to
answer for the fate of all the human souls that their
vows charge them to shepherd. They will personally
be held culpable for those lost to mercy. Therefore,

from their point of view, it is impossible to give too
much attention to the debate over what is Christian
belief and what is not — or to what goes on in the
minds of their flock.

It's likewise important to remember that being a
Latin Christian is not simply an individual bond
with one's Cr
globe-spanning community of the faithful — the
spiritual heirs of the old martyrs and saints. The
Roman Church makes particular note of Jesus' words
to Simon Peter: "And I say also unto thee, that thou
art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My church;
and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it. And
I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of
Heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth
shall be bound in Heaven: and whatsoever thou
shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in Heaven."

ator. It also confers membership in a

As the Latinization of Peter, Petrus, means "rock,"
clearly Jesus meant Peter to become the very anchor of
all the faithful, His earthly vicar. As Peter was bishop in
Rome and met his martyrdom there, it then follows that
y, the
popes — must claim his mantle. It is this apostolic
authority that gives the pope and his clergy the right to
settle questions of the faith, the right to ordain the only
true priesthood. (It is worth noting, however, that at
this date the infallibility of the pope on doctrinal
matters has not yet become an explicit and official pillar

all subsequent bishops of Rome — that is to s

of Church belief. The Sacred College still likes to claim
it can countermand him.)

To be orthodox, then, is to enjoy the protection
of Christ's own successors, who alone hold the keys
to the sacraments by which salvation is attained. It
is only within the community that Grace can be
found. This partially explains why such fear and
revulsion greet a sentence of excommunication.

Moreover, the sacraments, Masses, holidays, pil-
grimage sites, relics and rituals bring Catholics
together in an entirely practical sense. They consti-
tute in themselves a kind of mother tongue which all
Latin Christianity shares. Indeed, Mother Church
likes to view Herself as the one power holding the
world itself together, and with good reason. When
the Roman Empire collapsed and its territories were
plunged into war and chaos, who held back the
warlords from their worst excesses? Who reminded
them that even kings must one day answer to a
higher power? Who taught the gentle virtues to the
barbarian invaders? Who preserved the precious old
books behind monastery wall inst fire and sword,
who established the universities? Who built hospi-
tals to tend the sick and cathedrals to bring
communities together, safe way stations for travelers
and pilgrims? Who provided useful occupation for
the extra sons, daughters, and widows of the world?
If Mother Church were to fall, who would take up
these duties? Surely not the proud and rapacious
nobility; surely not the ignorant and helpless peas-
antry! And if Mother Church seems at times to
assume temporal powers not entirely befitting, one
can hardly fault Her for it. She must be able to
support and defend herself, or She would become
beholden to earthly potentates. She would soon be
reduced toa mere puppet, and could no longer stand
with a free will against the world's evils.

Under such circumstances, it seems only sane to
conclude that the fate of the world — material and
spiritual — hangs on the fortunes of the Roman
Church. A threat to the Church's stewardship of
souls — whether it comes from a black-garbed
perfectus in Toulouse ora blood-drenched creature of
darkness in Manchester — is a threat to civilization
itself. And what sacrifice too great to save civiliza-
tion itself?

Trouble in Mavadise

On the other hand, if this is all the case, then how
is it that sane people could become heretics, or allow
themselves to be influenced by heretical ideas? Why
would an Inquisition ever be needed in the first place?


yt 7 eR LT,

The answer lies in the fact that Christianity has
never been the monolith the Church likes to envi-
sion. From its earliest days, different branches of the
Church disagreed on seemingly vital points and took
fundamentally different approaches to doctrine. Some
revered theologians were declared heretical in retro-
spect, after long respectable careers; but even among
those that escaped anathema, points of disharmony
can be found. (indeed, the four Evangelists them-
selves give slightly different versions of the same
events in the Gospels). The scholarship of medieval
Europe venerates precedent and authority, but when
the authorities themselves dis
Debates on any subject often take the form of
adversarial quoting from opposing sources, and reli-

e, chaos ensues.

gious debates are notoriously bitter and tangled. In
the ensuing confusion, even the devout might wan-
der unawares into heterodoxy, or find themselves at
the very least tongue-tied.

Consider, for instance, the problem of refuting
Catharist doctrine. The Church condemns Catharism
as a dualist heresy. "Dualism" refers to two basic, inter-
twined concepts: first, thatthe spiritual aspect of Creation
is by nature good and the material, fleshly aspect by
nature evil; second, that these separate aspects of Cre-
ation were brought into being by two opposed principles,
one of which intended mankind to enjoy the divine joy
of pure immortal spirit and the other of which thwarted
that design by trapping mankind in base flesh. The
latter belief is a clear affront to orthodox Christianity's
monotheism, which insists that only the one true God
can create. The former defies the orthodox notion that
the one true God is by definition all-good and can only
create good things; that evil comes about only when
men or angels rebel against the will of God and pervert

His good Creation to their own purposes.

(The Cainite Heresy is also a dualist faith, but it
is not Catharism, although members of the Heresy
who are caught either by the public or by the secret
Inquisition often try to pass themselves off as Cathars
once they have failed to pass as Catholics. The
Heresy's genius lies in painting vampires, who after
all do not breathe, eat food or reproduce, as beings of
pure spirit; the representatives of the good Creator in
fact, who can bring mortals into the light — in
exchange for blood-offerings, of course. More atten-
tion is given to the Inquisition's views on the Heresy

later in this section. For full coverage of the Heresy's
tenets and practices, however, see Cainite Heresy.)

And yet, notions that come dangerously close to
dualism are not foreign to the Roman Church either.
Perhaps it was irreversibly "infected" with strains of

though it makes several valiant at

tempts, the shadow Inquisition
never manages to penetrate very far into
Eastern Europe. For the most part, inquisitors
in those lands must operate almost entirely
without support or protection; the
Swordbrothers of Livonia and the Teuton
Knights, though charged by the papacy to
serve the faith, are far too occupied with the
bloody busin:
to lend much aid to ac
demonic in their nominally Catholic do-
mains tories they
tell their guests and each other suggest that

of converting human beings

even if the hair-raising

much remains to be done in that regard.
Farther east, the Orthodox Church gains
Orthodox clergy can be downright
hostile to obnoxious missionaries from the
barbarous West troubling their flocks (holy
mission or no holy mission). Then there are
corners of Eastern Europe where even the
Orthodox Church has not yet triumphed,
where ancient pagan faiths — some inno-
cent, some infused with dark otherworldly
strength — still cling tenaciously to life
Even among the
Zurope, there is an unexpectedly tolerant
attitude toward dualist heresies, perhaps
cause the old pre-Christian $ é
rather dualistic itself. Some inquisitors fear
for this very reason that the Cainite H
will easily spread in that direction, but the:
seems little to be done about it for now.

*hristian peoples of Eastern

avic faith was

esy

Zoroastrian, Manichaean, and Docetist thought long
ago — before the searing Christological battles of
the first several centuries AD brought about an
insistence on absolute uniformity of doctrine and
the Church became an overarching secular power.
Christian legends abound of saints and martyrs who
denied the flesh in various dramatic ways, from
sitting atop pillars for years at a stretch to joking at
their own torture sessions. Christ Himself seemed to
exhort anyone that would follow Him to give up all
worldly possessions and trust in God to provide the
moment's needs; thus the mendicant orders, the
Dominicans and Franciscans, in their disavowal of
property and their itinerant preaching, are simply
doing their best to imitate the Savior. (It's partly for
this reason that they are chosen to lead the newly

APTER TWO
TO ARMS -


formed Holy Office. Unlike the luxurious
who made a rather unappetizing impre
first sent to Languedoc to woo the heretics back to
the fold, the mendicant friars can actually compete
with the asceticism of the Cathar perfecti.)

istercians,
on when

An outsider could well argue that fora faith that
insists that flesh is not inherently evil, the Church
spends a great deal of time condemning some of its
most enjoyable uses. If the flesh is not evil, Cathars
might cry, why do the pope's own clergy say that they
must be celibate in order to belong to the spiritually
elect? True, the idea of a second, malevolent Creator
might shock a potential heretic at first; but on the
other hand, it provides an elegant answer to the
question of why such cruel suffering is permitted to

e

t ina "fundamentally good" world — a point on
which Catholic priests often cannot satisfy them-
selves, much less anyone else.

Such seeming problems mean that the Domini-
cans must exert their theological skill all the more to
explain why, for instance, it is admirable for John the
Baptist to live on berries and wild honey but silly for
Cathars to be v
ers, the perfecti with their quiet manners and austere

etarian. For many ordinary believ-

ways seem much closer to the apostles of old than the
local bishop with his brocaded vestments, his hunt-
ing holidays and mistresses; often, the simple evidence
of their eyes carries more weight for the Flock than
the most delicate biblical exegesis.

Furthermore, this time in history is rife with
soulful stirrings, particularly a yearning to return to
the imagined purity of the primitive Church. Layfolk
and clergy alike notice the growing odor of corrup-
tion rising from the monasteries and the prelates'
palaces. Reformers like Francis, whose eccentric
behavior and grass-roots agitating might easily have
gotten him excommunicated rather than canonized
had he not gone out of his way to place himself in the
pope's good graces, to work from within the system.
People like Peter Waldo may try to work from within
at first as well, but when they find their disagree-
ments with papal authority too severe, or when they
take offense at hearing their strivings condemned,
they rebel. The underlying need, however, is kin-
dred, and it may be a fine line indeed that divides the
saint from the heretic.

Many of the heresies of the period, Catharism
included, promise to satisfy this widespread nostalgia
for the simple faith of the martyrs. They also promise
to fulfill a deeper craving, felt by many who are
excluded from as deep a participation in religious life
as they might wish. Women who can never hope to

y ss can become perfecti and know themselves
equal to the male clergy of their faith — or, at least,
closer to equal than a Catholic nun or priest.
Waldensians have the privilege, which the orthodox
largely do not, of reading Scripture in their own
tongue. Poor folk who cannot scrape together the
traditional offering for taking holy orders can make
heretical ascetics of themselves at no cost. Mother
Church is certainly not blind to Her peril and con-
venes the Fourth Lateran Council in an effort to
stamp out clerical abu:
fusions; but the lure of heres

Delinitions

Simple heresy is, of course, the province of the

s and reduce doctrinal con-
still shines bright.

newborn Holy Office. Marzone's inquisitors frequently
run across heretics while investigating far viler depravi-
ties. However, they rarely take it upon themselves to
mete out judgment to Cathars and their ilk. For one
thing, they have no wish to duplicate able efforts already
being made in other quarters. For another, every off-the-
exposure. Most,
however much they might hate heresy, are not prepared

books condemnation is one more risk of

to jeopardize their own cause in order to destroy it.
Instead, they usually arrange for an anonymous denun-
ciation to be made to the local Dominicans. And they
may wait to do even that until they are sure the area has
been cleared of all darker threats. Inquisitors greatly fear
the possibility of their unwitting comrades-at-armsstum-
bling into trouble beyond their strength.

The Inquisition contra Diabolum enim et alii
daemones has made some effort to clearly distinguish
its jurisdiction from that of the Holy Office proper,
although its admittedly incomplete understanding
of the enemy makes this process difficult. To a
certain extent, it's ea

er to define what the Inquisi-

tion is not; to that end, the major categories of
offense against Holy Mother Church are listed be-
low, along with the Inquisition's overall attitude
toward each.

¢ Heresy: Refers to any self-identified Christian
belief or doctrine that knowingly contradicts what is
acceptable to the authority of Holy Mother Church.
The beliefs of many night-creatures and their human
followers certainly qualify as heresy, and could thus be
prosecuted by the Holy Office. However, the Inquisi
tion does its best to see that most such cases are brought
to a satisfactory end long before the Holy Office or
anyone else even less well-armed against the world's
evils notices them.

Note that a person who has been taught a hereti-
cal belief and simply doesn't know any better is not

a heretic technically, but an erring soul for whom
ion. It is only

Christian mercy prescribes educe

when a person has been shown the true doctrine and
still refuses to believe that she enters the legal
category of heresy — the word heresy refers to
"choice," meaning that a heretic must have made an
informed decision to rebel.

© Schism: A somewhat weaker pejorative than
"heresy." It simply means any rancorous division
between groups of the same Church, not necessarily
doctrinal. When rival popes arise, for example, the
obedience of each refers to the other's obedience as
schismatic. The entire Eastern Church is still viewed
by the Roman Church as schismatics, and regular
formal pleas are made for them to reconcile with
their true spiritual father, the pope. However, schis-
matics are still recognized as fellow Christians, who
merit more compassion and respect than heathens or
heretics. (After all, the Crusade itself is billed partly
as an effort to save hapless Eastern Christians from
the infidel's oppression; that Eastern Christians suf-
fer as greatly from Crusader depredations as Muslims

do is more the result of human greed and ignorance

AME:
Al

SISO
SS
SS

SS

SSS

than of religious hatred.) Schism concerns the In-
quisition not at all, except insofar as it hampers
cooperation with the local faithful

¢ Paganism: While paganism could be called an
extreme form of heresy, it's not really thought of in
the same way at ally When Churchmen condemn
pagan practices, what they usually mean is holdovers
from the pre-Christian religions of Western Europe,
however innocent-seeming: Leaving milk out for
the Good Folk, for example, orcelebrating fertility
rites for good crops, or telling stories about women
who sneak out of their homes to ride with Diana
under the cold moonlight» To the Church, these
ancient beliefs are a disease that has nearly been
stamped out, but vigilance must not lapse. The
peasantry seems especially wont to hold on to hea

then ways; in fact, the words "pagan" and "heathen
literally refer to people living out in the countryside.
Itis mostly up to local priests to convince their flocks
to abandon these remnants and take up equivalent
Christian customs, and neither the Holy Office nor
the Inquisition really troubles itself with paganism
per se in this period.

ih

pe
|

bs IC yi

Ke Y I
Ke

WL

Zo

Nig

=u) | Ty ity


On the other hand, paganism can overlap with
the supernatural and sometimes with maleficium. As
a result, inquisitors — particularly those who spe-
cialize in dark cults and sorcerers — frequently take
notice of anything goingonaround them that smacks
of paganism, poking at it ‘carefully to see if an
inhuman hand might be moving just behind.

Pagan deities have been formally classed by
some Church scholars as a) second tier of demon,
ranked below the mighty fallen angels that rebelled
with Lucifer at the dawn of Creation. Fairies, gob-
lins, kobolds and other "lesset") spirits of folklore
form yet a third tiers Most Church officials treat this
as an academic distinction: The Holy Office has its
hands quite full enough dealing with "Christian"
heresies, thank you. Cathars are far more immedi-
ately dangerous than some silly peasant's superstition.
But inquisitors use this reasoning to justify pursuing
any rumors of strigae or fairy magic that seem more
than old wives' tales.

¢ Islam: "There shall be no compulsion in
religion," decrees the Qur'an, and as a result, medi-
eval Muslims are inclined to leave Jews and Christians
alone. However, no Biblical scripture exhorts Chris-
tians to return the favor. Most Latin Christians
considerdslam a heathen faith for all practical pur-
poses; few take seriously the Muslim contention that
the three religions of the Book all worship the same
God. Islam has "earned" a special enmity
heathen faiths, moreover, by its long presence in the
Holy Land and its bloody repulsion of the Franj
invaders. Some inquisitors even suspect Muslim
doctors and scientists, whose knowledge unques-
tionably outstrips that of the West, of harboring
forbidden demonic secrets: Toledo, for example, still
reportedly hosts a Muslim-founded university for
warlocks (the Red Order, however, does not demon-
strate the complete horror of Muslim occultism that
its brethren seem to feel it should...).

By this point in history,any real hope of ulti-
mately converting the Muslims has been abandoned
by all but the most idealistic of missionaries — why,
even St»Francis failed in the task. Total extermina-
tion is the new agenda, an agenda best left to secular
men with literal swords. The Poor Knights hope to
have recovered or at least safely hidden away the
many important relics remaining in the Holy Land
lest they be destroyed in the continuing carnage; but
apart from that, they do not stand in the way of their
fellow Crusaders and even join them when opportu-

among

nity permits.

Weleda Bee

(Relations between Muslims and Christians are
particularly complex in the Christian Spanish king-
doms as well as al-Andalus; Inquisition chronicles
set in that area of the world are likely to be deeply
affected by the interplay. Storytellers should con-
sider consulting Iberia by Night or other appropriate
resources in order to take advantage of the potential
story hooks.)

¢ Judaism: Technically, it's not a crime to be aJew
in Western Europe. Jews are tolerated in the Catholic
cities by long-standing tradition; indeed, they are even
valued for their skills in such arts as medicine, gold-
smithing, and money-lending (Christian ban!
still hampered by the anti-usury laws in this regard).
However, harsh secular laws constrain their move-
ments, their customs, their dress, and their speech.
While Christians think of Jews as their spiritual ances-
tors — not heathens like the Muslims or the ancient
Romans — most also consider Jewry collectively guilty
of the Crucifixion. The hatred that seethes under the
surface of normal relations erupts whenever a Crusade
is called, oran epidemic breaks out, ora Christian child
is found murdered.

Many inquisitors have dealt withthe truly infernal
long enough to take with a grain of salt the devilish
myths circulating about Jews: that they have tails or
horns, that they sacrifice Christian children in a parody
of Calvary, that they poison Christians' wells. How-
ever, this is by nomeans universal. It's easy to believe
outlandish things ofa people whose ways seemswathed
insecrecy, nevermind that thatperceived secrecy arises
from an enforced separation supposedly instituted to
protect both populations. At this date, mortal Chris-
tianoccult ‘only vaguely aware of Jewish my: m,
but enough information has leaked out to draw un-
pleasant attention of all sorts to those who practice it.

are

ic

To make matters worse, evil creatures are often
well aware of Chris
throw investigators off their trail; operating out of a
ghetto, for example, to frustrate and confuse an
inquisitor's pursuit. So far, no one of importance in

ian suspicion and exploit it to

the Inquisition has thought to propose any sort of

cooperation with either local rabbis or the Jewish
laity. Most would look deeply askance at such an
idea, despite its obvious merits.

© Maleficium: Refers to magic with harmful
intent. The medieval attitude toward magic is more
complex than it first seems, and it shifts over time. In
imperial Roman times, witchcraft was classed as a
secular offense — murdering someone with a wax
effigy was qualitatively the same as doing it by any

"

fe


Pk
pe)

a

other means. This attitude persists somewhat, even
though many Churchmen believe that all magic
ultimately comes from Hell. The Holy Office won't
really consider maleficium its business until after the
publication of the Malleus Maleficarum, centuries
hence; most witches and warlocks tried in this period
are arrested by the secular authorities in response to
complaints from neighbors.

The line between "magic" and "science" is no-
where near as clear as it will/be in later ages, either.
Some view astrology as a suspectart, but to many it's
merely a mattér of reading the correspondences God
Himself set in the Heavens for all to see. who can.
Herbalism is likewise innocent of itself, although
those with great skill may find themselves vulner-
able to accusations of darker powers. This is why
maleficium issuch an important distinetion. It can be
relatively difficulyto prove whethera tidbit of knowl-
edge came from demonie sources, or not; it is far
easier to judge the moral end to which that knowl-
edge is used. Still,

even benevolent arts are dangerous
to practice too openly. People possessed of healing
powers, for example, can claim that what they do is
a God-given miracle. But should the Church choose
for whatever reason to disavow them or should any
suspicious misfortunes fall upon the community,
those same miracles may come to be viewed ina very
different light.

Most of the wise women, occultists, astrologers,
alchemists and whatnot that the Holy Office ig-
nores, the Inquisition leaves alone as well; however,
they fall close enough to the inquisitors' area of
concern to be worth keeping an eye on. Inquisitors
know only too well that any of these people could be
the dupe or stooge of something far darker. The more
accusations of maleficium they hear from local folk,
the more apt they are to pay attention. Often, such
investigations result in a dead end: The miller's
daughter died from complications of a hidden preg-
nancy, the cattle had an ordinary pox, the scribe's
wife says he was always impotent anyway. But this
hardly disproves the existence of real maleficium.
Many inquisitors would rather chase any number of
red herrings than risk the sin of ignoring a clear
warning from God. Likewise, ifinnocents must suffer
or die in pursuit of a threat to many Christian's souls,
few inquisitors shy away from such unpleasantness.

¢ Demonolatry: "Supernatural" is a word with
more meaning to modern ears than medieval, as the
medieval world has a far less narrow idea of the
"natural." If there were one term an inquisitor might
be the enemy, demonolatry —

actually use to des

literally meaning "the worship of demons" — might
well be it.

It's worth noting here that there is a difference
between the words devil and demon (in the technical
usage, anyway). There is only one real
(diabolus): Satan, the great Adversary, Lucifer, call
him what you will, he certainly merits a category all
his own. Daemon is from the Greek, where its origi-
nal meaning was quite different. However, since

"devil"

orthodox Christianity recognizes only a few sorts of
spirit-entity that aren't angels or evil — the Trinity,
the Virgin, the saints, and the blessed dead —
daemon makes a useful umbrella term for all the rest.
Why Christianity and Judaism don't make more
provision for spirits who serve neither God nor the
Adversary is an excellent question.

The term "demon" has thus become confusingly
(or conveniently, if you prefer) broad. The mightiest
princes of Hell are fallen archangels, but the full spec-
trumcoverseveryone from Beelzebubdown to Titivillus,
patron demon of misspellings and mangled Latin. A
demon has no body in the ordinary sense unless it steals
one, but it can take seemingly tangible form whenever

necessary — just because it seems to breathe, eat, and

sleep doesn't mean it's not a demon. Lemures are the
evil human dead, brought back to earth as minor
demons to waylay the innocent; thus, nearly any crea-
ture who disappears or dies after leading an ordinary
mortal life andthen returns with,strange powers is

classed a lemure by Inquisition scholars.

If all these evil spirits would simply stay in Hell
where they belong and never bother people, there
would be no‘need for.a secret Inquisition» But in order
todefy God by destroying what He best loves, they have
made*it theitraison d'étre to drag humankind into
damnation with them: Orthodox Christianity can con-
ceive of no other reason for them to be skulking about
the earth (rebelling against the Almightyis not a part-
time occupation, after all). Their mere appearance is
thus an attack against God and man that merits retali-
ation by any means necessary.

Consorting with demons or the Devil is not the
same thing as heresy, even though it too represents
a deliberate choice. One need not dispute that God
is God, that Christ is the Savior or anything else
essential to orthodox belief to truck with the other
side. A mortal who has knowingly and deliberately
0 is, in the eyes of the Inquisition, little better
than a demon herself. Far more often, mortals are
tricked into seeing the demon they serve as a god, an
angel or a friend. In any such case, the Inquisition
will not hesitate to do what it must.

done

a a Err
A eee Bo j i
« SS LL M. Toms ne


dudgqment Calls

Say what you will about my kind, little nun, but at
least there is one moment where even I have no choice but
to be absolutely honest with myself and my prey: When
my serpent's teeth stretch toward the pulsing throat,
when the blood trickles down my gullet with the warmth
of spiced wine. When is your moment, little nun? Do you
meet your prisoner's eyes as the pain begins? Do you
inhale the ashes on the wind?

— from a letter signed Daemona Alia, sent to
Sister Agnes of Kent

On the face of it, the Inquisition's duty is clear:
To strive against the Devil, his demons and all those
who serve them, whether wittingly or unwittingly.
However, what ultimately qualifies as infernal is not
universally agreed-upon. After all, in the le
sense, nearly everything that goes wrong in the
world is the Devil's fault.

rgest

The Inquisition therefore tends to focus ona far
more negotiable question when considering whether
a particular evil falls under its purview:

Is there someone else who can, should and will deal
with this problem?

The Inquisition rightly sees itself as an agency of
last resort. It's not unknown for those inquisitors who
also work for the Holy Office, the city guard, the
bishop's court, etc., to use their connections in one
organization to aid efforts in the other —although they
must do so with the greatest caution. But aside from
that, inquisitors try to avoid getting involved in any-
thing that can reasonably be left to other authorities.

This means that sometimes they step out of the
way even when something uncanny is definitely
going on. A witch who uses maleficium to kill a rival

is very probably in collusion with the forces of

darkness, yes, but if prison holds her well enough, let
the secular power have the pleas
It's quite possible that faith healer in Rouen is
actually some sort of heretic, but if initial inquiries
suggest that his activities really are confined to
healing, why interfere with the Church investiga-
tion already in progress?

ire of executing her.

This policy leaves inquisitors more free to act
when they finally do encounter trouble that seems

both infernally driven and beyond the power of

others to defeat. However, even then the next step
is not alwa
Guilt
The Inquisition recognizes several darkening
shades of involvement with the infernal: Human

ys clear.

dupes, willing human servants, humans who have
actually received infernal powers or gifts, and de-
monic beings themselves. Differing degrees of guilt
naturally require different handling. Many inquisi-
tors prefer to haul in everyone even remotely
implicated and let the Council of Faith make the
tough decisions. Still, even the humblest and most
unreflective of foot soldiers will one day have to
wrestle these dilemmas.

© Can the accused be turned back to God? The
answer to this question is paramount, and scholars
hotly debate its niceties. Inquisitors tend to assume
that any patently inhuman being is a demon and
thus beyond the salvation of Mother Church.
Granted, there isaschool of thought placing lemures,
who were once human and might theoretically pos-
sess human souls, in a sort of intermediate category.
They may, if they sincerely repent, be permitted to
make final confession — what can it hurt? — and
there are even stories of certain inquisitor-priests
attempting the rite of exorcism just to see if it does
any good. However, there is not one verified account

of a lemure being demonstrably redeemed by such
efforts. In any case, the best possible fate for a lemure
is to be transformed from the unhallowed dead into
the hallowed dead, and most show no interest in that
sort of improvement.

Beings that seem to be human but demonically
possessed, or imbued with infernal powers such as
shapeshifting, may also be subjected to exorcism —
particularly if they voice a desire to be cleansed —
and some inquisitors are willing to go to any length
to extract such a request from the afflicted. After all,
the Inquisition exists to rescue human souls in peril.
It wouldn't do to abandon anyone to perdition
without having made all reasonable effort first. (Be-
sides, as the Inquisition, unlike the Holy Office,
actually has to take the practical and spiritual bur-
den of executions upon itself, it tends to be more
concerned about the quantity of kills.) Inquisitors
readily admit, however, that once a mortal has so
succumbed to the infernal as to let it into his very
flesh, it can be very hard indeed to loose the evil
grip. An exorcism cannot be termed a success
unless the demonic powers disappear forever. Alas,
these cases usually end in flames.

one's

Human beings with nothing particularly infer-
nal in their form or abilities emphatically deserve a
chance at reconciliation. Whether they were de-
ceived or seduced into their present position hardly
matters; while one might assume the former to be
more open to correction than the latter, it's not

r the
ants

mask of benevolence so skillfully mn ha serv
hold fast to that perception despite all evidence to
the contrary. In either case, it is the inquisitor's duty
to lead the accused to a free renunciation of her
demon and all its works. Should she refuse, death is
the regrettable necessity.

Should she agree, however, her soul (and possi-
bly even her life) may be saved. But the penance
assigned to a mortal corrupted by the touch of the
infernal can never be light. Simpler punishments
such as flogging, pilgrimage, or fines however large
are meted out only to those whose taint is clearly
minimal. More often, the prescribed task involves
directly betre
and associations, tr
or both. It is specifically calculated to make backslid-
ing a deadly risk, if nota flat impossibility. A mortal
who has repented and received a sentence of pen-
ance but then falls into the Inquisition's hands a
second time can hope for no mercy whatever.

© What is the danger of further infection?
Inquisitors are just as concerned with all the souls yet
to fall as with those that have already tasted forbid-
den fruit. The decision of whether to execute human
convicts who have reconciled with the Church or let
them off with a penance often comes down to the

ying the accused's monstrous beliefs

veling a great distance aw

Council of Faith's judgment of the likelihood of

relapse. Although a scientific understanding of ad-
diction is far in the world's future, inquisitors certainly
recognize that many former servants of the Devil
emerge from their ordeals more, not less, spiritually
vulnerable. Those who have held powers beyond
mortal ken, those who have tasted inhuman plea-
sures, those who successfully escaped from a lowly,
dreary life by selling their sou
often consigned to the flames simply because the
Inquisition dares not take the chance that they
might run back to their old masters after all. Overall,
the more contagious an inquisitor knows a menace

: These sinners are

to be, the more desperate the pursuit, the grimmer
the final purging.

© What are the practical considerations? Even
with the considerable latitude granted them by the
pope, inquisitors cannot always dispense justice ex-
actly as they think best. They know full well the
Church isn't the world's only power, and they have
no desire for a Pyrrhic victory. Sometimes, an inves-

tigation twines right into the deepest corridors of

es it dead-ends in lands be-
yond the Inquisition's effective reach. Supposing the
king is deliberately protecting a powerful night-

secular power; sometim

0 f - wnt CHARTER TWO. «
= CALL TO ARMS «

creature — however much he might deserve it,
killing him would surely cause more problems than
it solves. If it seems more feasible to drive an order of
troublesome Castilian sorcerers into neighboring
Moorish lands than to exterminate them, so be it.
Most inquisitors believe (or hope) that they would
willingly give their own lives to the
will not endanger their Church, expose their breth-
ren or knowingly sacrifice large numbers of innocent
mortals simply to bring down the quarry. Better to
step back and consider other paths. To do otherwise
is to risk the sin of pride: Though inquisitors struggle
against the very forces of the pit, they would do well
to remember that they are mere mortals themselves,
and that only God can choose the hour when a
demon will at last be vanquished.

Getting Medieval

Murder is a sin. Torture is a sin. Clergy are
prohibited by canon law from shedding blood. So
how can it all happen anyway, and how do inquisi-
tors live with themselves afterward?

Guilt Redur

A few important points to remember:

¢ Sin can be absolved. Although the Church
certainly doesn't mean to promote a mercantile
model of penitence, even priests often end up treat-
ing it that way. Recommended penance for mortal
sins is stringent indeed, but just knowing in advance
that the penance can be paid is enough to weaken
the will of many a prospective sinner. Furthermore,

cause; but they

penance might be lightened if the sin is committed
for the sake of a greater good. In a bull of 1252, the
pope officially sanctions torture in the interrogation
of heretics (one gathers it was already going on
regardless). After 1256, inquisitors of the Holy Of-
fice are even permitted to absolve each other of the
"irregularity" of attending torture s
canonically forbidden to all clergy — any cleric who
commits this irregularity is banned from all sacred
functions until absolved. The bulls do not specifi-
cally mention the shadow Inquisition, but they're
assumed to apply to it as well — or perhaps such
exceptions were made for it from the start.

essions, which is

* Someone else can do the dirty work. In the
Holy Office, inquisitors don't burn heretics — they
abandon them to the secular arm, which carries out
the inquisitors' sentence of burning. In the Holy
Office, inquisitors don't perform the actual torture
again, that's what the secular arm is for. In
the shadow Inquisition, however, things are quite

either


THe CaLtous Heart

&l: anyone who has ever read the Gospels
y is aware, mercy, forgiveness and love are
the virtues Christ repeatedly champions. In Scrip-
ture, He flouts both religious authority and social
custom to demonstrate compassion to adulterous
women, lepers, Gentiles, tax collectors, the demoni-
cally possessed and other such hated and feared folk;
His two "greatest commandments" are to love God
with all one's heart, soul, mind and strength, and to
love one's neighbor as oneself (and clearly He has a
fairly wide definition of "neighbor").

Yet, there are clearly numerous circumstances
under which even devout Christians become ca-
pable of forgetting this. Inquisitorsare particularly
vulnerable: They have a hard and lonely struggle
before them, and all too often love gradually
vanishes altogether from their lives. Family and
community ties are early casualties to the cause;
most inquisitors travel a lot, and even the edu-
cated ones rarely enjoy the luxury of exchanging
long and frequent letters with their intimates.
They spend their days in the company of those
who are just as battle-scarred and alienated as
themselves. At night, the enemy emerges. Physi-
cally, spiritually, and morally exhausted, some
mply have no energy left to reach out
even to their compatriots, much less to the ordi-
nary folk for whose sakes they supposedly fight.
They slowly forget how to function as anything
ry. Others have always
been more ruled by their fears and jealousies than
by love of their neighbor.

The end result of this is that numerous in-
but certainly far
too many — are in as dire peril spiritually as some

inquisitors

but a determined adve:

quisitors — by no means mos!

different. Many clerical inquisitors do try to leave as
much of the flesh-roasting and rope-yanking as they
can to their lay brethren (who don't necessarily feel
lack

igent conditions, they

any better about it), but because of the relativ
of manpower and the often e:
can't always escape it. This is a grave problem to
has presented itself. The
‘aith simply do their best to make sure
lable atall hours during a trial, and
all strongly encourage that at least one ordained

which no easy answer
Councils of
confessors are ave

priest belong to each cell.

¢ The enemy isn't human. Well, actually much

of the enemy is human, and that is when inquisitors

of those they convict (that is, Callous in game
terms). Unfortunately, this often doesn't be-
come apparent until something drastic happens
and they harm the indisputably innocent; ha-
tred, revulsion, and violence are, after all, entirely
proper when wielded against the demonic, and
human servants of the infernal are largely to be
shown spiritual, not physical, mercy. Even when
other inquisitors realize that a brother or sister is
succumbing to the deadly sin of wrath, it often
seems imprudent to intervene, particularly in the
heat of a prosecution against a decidedly more
deadly foe.

Inquisition officials understand all too well
the moral dangers facing their membership, and
make some effort to administer preventative
medicine. Above all, inquisitors are encouraged
to make frequent and complete confession to a
priest within the organization (Oculi Dei suffer
more than most in this regard because of their
self-imposed policy of keeping secrets within the
order unless there's specific reason to share them;
even the seal of the confessional isn't usually
sufficient guarantee to trust an outsider, and the
order has relatively few priests of its own). Con-
fessors are exhorted in turn to train themselves in
the art of seeing straight to the truth, of voicing
the pain of a sinner who cannot voice it himself,
of recommending wise penances that will soften
the heart to God's love rather than hardening it
further against the world.

The ultimate responsibility for such noble
efforts to head off the Devil, however, rests on
the shoulders of priests who are themselves hu-
man and fallible.

agonize most bitterly because a human suspect can
be as much a danger to the faith as the demon who
rules him. That doesn't make killing him any easier,
though. Ne
demonic does wonders for flagging resolve. When

heless, a little direct exposure to the

zing into the face of a condemned convict who
looks rather like his nephew back home, an inquisi-
tor can close his eyes and imagine instead the
terrifying visage of the one who corrupted him.
(This is not to say inquisitors don't believe their
inhuman enemies also possess souls. Of course they
do; even Lucifer has a soul, or, more to the point, is
a soul. It's even possible that Lucifer could seek and


Pi 7 a Gh A
PREY rack AAG PAS

win God's forgiveness if he forgot his infernal pride
enough to do it. But this hardly signifies. The prom-
ise of Christ's sacred blood is extended only to
humanity, to remit the sin of Adam and Eve; every-
one else is on their own. Inquisitors have enough
trouble just protecting the souls explicitly placed

under the Church's care. Moreover, it's one thing to
understand intellectually that the matted, scabbed
thing that leaps snarling out of an opened tomb has a
soul, and quite another to feel any actual pity for it.)

¢ Spirit, not skin. The Inquisition, as it must
constantly remind itself, is in the business of saving
souls, not bodies. To execute a transgressor who has

properly made confession is actually to do her a
favor, ensuring her a blessed afterlife; conversely,

those who refuse to repent are doomed to an eternity
rthly life
is a vale of tears even for the fortunate, and earthly

of torment no matter what anyone does. E;

joys, however powerful, evaporate forever at the
touch of death. Surely a few fleeting years or decades
are a small enough price to pay for salvation. For the
most part, the Inquisition actually worries far more
about the suffering of its own, who must beara heavy
burden of conscience and sometimes die without
benefit of extreme unction.

© Misery loves company. The Church has al-
ways excelled at designing rituals of peace and
comfort, ways of bringing weary souls together in the
sight of God. Not only do individual priests among
the inquisitors expend all their powers of reason,
sympathy, and faith to comfort a doubting compan-

ion, but after particularly arduous campaigns,
Councils often arrange for a special Mass for cells in
the area. To be ina room with so many that share the
same burden, the same secrets, the same hope for a
world free of the Devil's grasp, can be a tremendously
healing experience.

Torture

Torture has actually been a relativel

re prac-
tice throughout the Middle Ages up until now, but
that's rapidly changing — especially since the trial
by ordeal (in which God decides questions of guilt)
has given way to the inquest trial (in which humans
must do their poor best). Still, the justice of the era
is harsh. Executions are largely carried out via hang-
ing, burning, or beheading, and even more creative
sentences are occasionally handed down. Inquisitors
growing up anywhere but the quietest villages and
the most orderly monastic houses have probably
seen their share of state-inflicted gore.

It's important to understand that torture never
serves as punishment, only as an investigatory tool.

The goal is not permanent injury (although that
ends up happening frequently enough) but only
causing sufficient pain for a confession. It is not even
permitted to cause the victim to bleed. Strictly
speaking, torture may be performed only once — one
can get around this linguistically, however, by claim-
ing to be "continuing" rather than "repeating" the
torture. Likewise, as a confession made under torture
is legally invalid, the victim's statement must be
confirmed again afterward, without torture. (The
threat of "continuing" the torture is, of course, most
effective in persuading those who might otherwise
recant to think better of it.)

Common medieval tortures include the following:

¢ The strappado, in which the victim's wrists are
tied together and he is suspended in the air (some-
times with weights attached to the feet). Sometimes
he is allowed to fall a short distance and then
abruptly jerked to a halt, so that the arm and shoul-
der joints dislocate.

¢ The rack, which also causes dislocation.

¢ The water torture, which consists of pouring
great quantities of water down the victim's throat. In
a more painful version, a strip of cloth is laid across
the victim's open mouth first, so that with each
involuntary swallow the cloth travels further down
the esophagus.

¢ A "boot" made of wet parchment which is
then set by a fire so that as it dries it constricts the leg
and foot most painfully. A rarer torture consists of
painting the soles of the feet with fat and setting
them close enough to a fire to crackle.

© The peine forte et dure, which simply means
imprisonment under especially harsh circumstances:
no space to move, no light, no food, filthy conditions
and so forth.

In addition to this, the Inquisition makes use of
all sorts of psychological ploys. Good cop/bad cop is

not a modern technique. Friends or suffering rela-
tives of the prisoner might be brought in to plead
with the prisoner to capitulate. Or the prisoner is
randomly wakened throughout the night, so that
sleep deprivation sets in. An Inquisition agent might
pose as a prisoner in the next cell and try to trick the
prisoner into an unofficial confession. The Inquisi-
tion is also speedily inventing tortures designed to
take advantage of some of their prisoners' special
sensitivities to light, to fire, to silver, to holy objects,
and so forth.

In all torture, a skilled inquisitor presents herself as
the victim's friend, indeed, the victim's best and only
friend: She cares about the victim's pain with all her

INQuIsITORESCHATC
>) hen one deals, night in and night
out, with the most wicked and grue-
known to humanity, it becomes
possible to believ any bad new:
Although most inquisitors don't dare hold
out much hope that Christ will return in the
very near future to take the world firmly in
hand, thus relieving them of their deeply un-
pleasant duties, there
minority who view the prevalence of demonic
forces on earth today as a sure sign of impend
ing apocalypse. Yes, this is partly selective
: To the man with a ham-
mer, everything is a nail, and once one real
how skillfully the Dev
any human institution, it is easy to see their
plots behind even the smallest misfortunes.

some creature:

ble and clamorous

perception at worl
Zes
K legions c in penetrate

Nevertheless, this view is increasingly bol-
stered by prophecy — largely from the Sisters
of St. John, but s y from outside
the Inquisition as well — which point to some
terrible di
pable of splintering the very Rock of
Christendom, the Church itself. Millions will
ictions. Could the end of

ar behind?

ster looming, a catastrophe ca-

die, say the direr pre:
the world possibly be

heart and wishes only tosee it end. Butshe cannot allow
it to end until the victim is truly ready to turn back to
God. If she were to let up too early and thus lose her
prisoner's soul to perdition, she could never forgive
herself. Odd as it may seem, the one person most likely
to believe this reasoning is a person who has just
undergone unspeakable pain at the inquisitor's behest.
Some deep instinct leads most people tocling to the one
who has the power of life and death over them, no
matter what the circumstance.

Ofcourse, the act iseven more convincing when

it's sincere...

Of DiversRinds

Alas, there is no bestiary known to the Inquisi-
tion that accurately names and describes every
creature its five orders have encountered in the
course of their struggles — although one hears scat-
tered talk of compiling such a manual someday.
Expertise varies widely among the inquisitors them-
Some have in-depth knowledge of the ways of
one particular sort of demon, gained from years of

selve:

single-minded pursuit and obsessive study of cap-

VP ad

G
DIC rack AGS PPO OR

tured documents and confessional transcripts. Some
can quote extensively from all the classical authors
and the Church phile s well, but have never
actually met a demon face-to-face. Some are walking
ant lore. Many, if not most, have but a
smattering of book-learning or snatches of a
grandmother's fireside tales, cobbled together with
vague conjectures based on their experiences so far.
Fierce arguments sometimes arise in the field be-
tween those who trust the folk wisdom and those
who insist on scholarly authorities, all the worse as
survival might very well hinge on whether or not a
striga can really be thwarted by throwing a handful of
mustard seed in her path.

ophers

tomes of pee

Nonetheless, most inquisitors recognize several
broad categories of the Dark Arts:

Witchery

Legends of evil, night-flying females abound
throughout the known world. Sometimes they're
thought of as human women, devotees of Diana who
ride with her Wild Hunt and cast terrible spells on
those who offend them (Such stories become in-
creasingly confused with legends of devil-worship as
the Middle Ages wear on, and the idea of the sabbat
is born. Church authorities often insist that neither
the Wild Hunt nor the sabbat exists in physical
reality, but is merely an illusion inspired by the Devil
— which is certainly bad enough, of course). Some-
times, as in the case of the cannibalistic,
blood-drinking strigae and lamiae and the seductive
succubi, they are clearly demons who merely take on
female shape — although it can be very difficult to
tell the difference unless the creature actually does
something to reveal its true nature.

Khin-Turcning

Scholarly sorts claim that actual shapeshifting
isno more real than the Wild Hunt. It isa demonic
delusion, an insanity known to the learned as
lycanthropia. In saying this, however, they refute
some very ancient traditions. Stories relate that a
man might be turned into a wolf as a divine curse
for eating child-flesh or some other horrific crime.
In other accounts, he can cast the spell of transfor-
mation himself by wearing a wolf pelt, swimming
a cursed lake or even simply urinating in a circle
around his clothes. Old pagan rites once honored
demons who posed as wolf-gods and bear-gods,
and sometimes they granted their worshipers the
power of metamorphosis; perhaps fragments of
these cults still skulk into the woods to hold their
vile ceremonies.

The few inquisitors who have actually encoun-
tered skin-turners and lived to tell about it say that,
in any case, it seems just as possible to die in the grasp
of illusory teeth.

Most inquisitors operate under the assumption
that a skin-turner has made some kind of evil pact,
knowingly or not, to obtain his power. A handful
who study the matter more thoroughly, however,
believe that some skin-turners are cursed unjustly,
and that perhaps the curse can be visited on the
afflicted one's descendants
seventh generation. Unfortunately, the many leg-
ends of such curses being successfully broken so far
remain just that — legendary — so this too seems an
academic point.

s well, even unto the

It bears mentioning that in the Dark Medieval
world, wolves are badly misunderstood animals (with
the single exception of the wolf of Gubbio, which St.
Francis miraculously tamed — an act that made him
the informal patron of werewolf-hunters — but it's
been dead for years now). Humans fear wolves not
just for their livestock's sake but for their own. In
many areas of Europe, wolves are hunted to near
extinction, fleeing into the depths of the remaining
forests, not to reemerge until the Black Death causes
a drop-off in land-clearing and a resurgence of wood-
lands. Folklore burdens them with any number of
evil associations, and even the ordinary creatures are
often treated as half-demons. Reports of wolf attacks
are not necessarily enough in themselves to merit
the Inquisition's attention, but if there are any other
elements, however subtle, that suggest an evil pres-
in investigation may be called. There need not
be any suspicion of skin-turning specifically.

Waleficiurn

Asone can gather from the foregoing, maleficium
is often tangled up with other dark practices. Inquisi-
tors rarely wonder that someone under any kind of
evil influence should display a talent for sorcery as
well. A spell need not be an elaborate affair to qualify
as such. Even an unspoken evil wish can be heard
and granted by a demonic patron, after all. The
inquisitors do recognize some practical differences

between those sorcerers who spend hours chanting
and drawing sigils, those who practice the hearth-
arts, those who operate exclusively by blood-s
and so forth. That is, if they know that a particular
sorceress must take time to cast her enchantments,

fice,

then time is precisely what they won't allow her; if
they find that a warlock's power lies mostly in his
wand, then they will focus on ridding him of it.


Wl Ld

However, they make no moral or theological dis-
tinction whatever. Maleficium is maleficium whatever
the method.

Human magicians are sometimes the most diffi-
cult quarry. For one thing, they blend into the crowd
far better than some basilisk-thing with claws and
wings. More importantly, they are human. They
talk, they c
and children. Inquisitors with a background in the
Holy Office tend to be more inured to causing
human suffering — they know that a blessed eternity
is well worth even great earthly torment — but those

they bleed; they have wives, husbands

who first came into their orders because of terrifying
experiences with demonic creatures are often thrown
off guard. Luckily, the Inquisition is armed with
more than sufficient theology to comfort and reas-
sure them that putting aside their entirely laudable
feelings of sympathy is the only right thing to do.

Dauntings
I

Stories of ghosts who have legitimate reasons for
haunting the living world — a wrong in need of
righting — are common enough that when inquisi-
tors come across evidence of the restless dead, they
frequently make some effort to determine whether
the ghost's presence points to some monstrous sin
lying hidden in the community. If justice is done at
last, hopefully the wraith will find peace: Two birds
killed with one stone, so to speak.

THE LEGEND OF SCHOLOMANCE
) cholomance is a chimera that at least
Sone famous inquisitor, a Norseman
called Brother Jarl, has made it his life's work
to track down. It is the quintessential school of
sorcery where the Devil himself is headmaster.
Only the wickedest and cleverest of would-be
magicians are chosen to attend, but legend
holds that those who study at Scholomance
gain the very secret of earthly immortalit
Unfortunately, Scholomance is located ev
erywhere and nowhere: Once the Devil has
granted a coveted invitation, the threshold
might lie as close as one's own front door. Jarl
insists that the school physically exists some-
where — perhaps the Carpathians — even so;

but he has been unable to mount an expedi-
tion to find out for certain. At present he is
reduced to pestering Cardinal Marzone to send
him to Prussia to visit the Teutonic Knights,
but so far Marzone has not even replied to his
petitions.


x

Sometimes, however, it develops that the ghost
is not merely vengeful after all but outright malevo-
lent. In such a case, an exorcism is clearly called for,
which even the parish priest can perform. Some-
times, inquisitors will avoid investigating a haunting
fully until the local clergy has already failed to lay the
ghost to rest.

The Inquisition's own exorcisms make use of proven
relics whenever possible. If the local relics don'tseem to
do any good against the infestation, the inquisitors may
well conclude them to be fakes and report them as such
to the Council (the Inquisition makes rather a priority
of knowing where the genuine relics are and aren't,
since one never knows when they'll be needed). The
inquisitors might then travel great distances to find a
chapter-house where true relics may be found. Some-
times, even the Inquisition's exorcism fails, and the

ghost returns after a brief period of quiet; there are,
however, a few accounts of famous inquisitors success-
fully convincing a ghost to desist of its own accord by
threatening it with repeated exorcism for the rest of the
inquisitor's life.

Devil-acts

The demonic pact is by now a staple of Christian
folklore. Not all accounts of such pacts are tragic. For
instance, one story tells of a man in a tavern care-
lessly lamenting that he would sell his soul for one
more ale. Right away, the Devil takes him up on the
offer and snatches him off to Hell the moment his
rather expensive mug is drained. Learned inquisitors
scoff at this sort of fable. They claim that selling
one's soul is necessarily a more deliberate business
than that; a demon cannot ensnare you against your
own free will. Others fear that one can be deceived
into a demonic pact and held to its terms regardless.
Most agree, however, that hope persists while life
does, and that if the damned mortal truly repents,
her soul may yet be redeemed.

It seems only wise to suspect a possible demonic
pact anytime the quarry appears to be human, or
more-or-less human, but exhibits powers beyond
human ken. To kill a person bound by a demonic
pact is to consign his soul irrevocably to the abyss —
a highly undesirable outcome. On the other hand, if
the quarry is actually a demon in human form, such
concerns are not only misplaced but potentially
disastrous. It's a very rare inquisitor who hasn't spent
a sleepless night on her knees, begging God for the
grace to judge rightly who has a human soul worthy
of rescue and who doesn't.

Cainifes

By no means do all inquisitors recognize the
term "Cainite" — much to the chagrin of those who

Fy Nest Cs ry

labored to bring the orders together, since fighting
the Cainite threat was much of the original reason
for the alliance. Unfortunately, it's easy enough for
the inexperienced to mistake a Cainite for any
number of other things: A sorcerer, a skin-turner, a
striga, a ghost, an incubus... or an angel (indeed,
inites go out of their way to seem anything but
what they are). Blood-drinking and cannibalism are
lumped together in folklore, and few monsters of
legend escape these charges.

Nevertheless, many inquisitors do realize that
Cainites are a distinct menace. Scholars generally
consider them a species of lemure, as it's evidently
possible for mortals to die and come back as Cainites.
Some, however, disagree vehemently: They say that
Cainites merely take on the form of dead mortals in
order to play upon human pity, and the original soul
has long since fled to its eternal reward. A staunch
minority believes that the demonic occupant holds
the original soul prisoner; one can speak to the
captive spirit of the peace its master denies it, en-

courage it to rebellion, but destroying the cursed
corpse is the only way to free the lost soul to Heaven's
Grace. Some inquisitors have never seen a Cainite
they recognized as a former mortal, and so remain
ignorant of the entire question.

It is true that inquisitors have been known to
stumble in their pursuit of Cainites. At first glance,
many Cainites are beautiful, even beatific in appear-
ance. The bright eyes, alabaster skin, and silent
footsteps that allow them to pose as angels and
Muses to the unwary can entrance even those who
understand what they're facing. Far too many have
ungodly powers of seduction as well, such that even
their victims go to death in their arms with lustful
joy. Some even blaspheme so greatly as to talk in
broken voices of their hope for redemption, shed-
ding blood-tears, kneeling in the back of the nave at
evening Mass and gazing at the elevated Host with
fear and envy. Inquisitors who have spent decades
hunting Cainites still confess themselv:
on occasion by the wily creatures' behavior.

Most who know of the Cainites qua Cainites
have the Cainite Heresy to thank for it. The Eyes of
God and the Murnau had already stumbled across
this anti-church even before the Inquisition formed.
They know it as an especially virulent form of the
dualist/Gnostic heresy by which demons in human
guise have managed to enslave possibly thousands of
mortals. They know that orgies of blood-sacrifice
form the rotten center of the cult's liturgy — thus,
the cult not only provides the demons with whatever
unholy power they glean from such sacrifices, but
also poses a terrifying danger to human lives and
souls alike. They know the Heres aims that Cain

eae all
APTER TWO ‘ Bo j
CALL TO ARM |


was misrepresented in the scripture of the "Babylonian
Church" (by which they mean both Western and
Eastern Churches); that he was actually a being of
pure spirit, a redeemer, a high priest, and that the
Cainites are his heirs.

know the Heresy has infiltrated the
Bogomils as well as the Cathar church — mostly in
the wilder corners of the heretical lands, although
there were large communities in Foix and Toulouse
until very recently. Many also know it has snaked at
least a tendril or two into the Roman Church,
although high officials are distressingly tight-lipped
about the precise extent of the infection. They fe
that if they expose the Heresy of important clergy to
the Inquisition's local rank and file (however deserv-
edly) and the rank and file react with the zeal and
righteous anger one would certainly hope for, it
could lead to a scandal so profound as to break the
back of the papacy itself. Faith in the sanctity of the
prelates, abbots and abbesses is already lacking enough
throughout Latin Christendom.

ar

For this reason, the Inquisition has focused on the
Cathar end of things up until now. Once the Church
exterminates both the Cathar cancer and the demonic
forces hiding behind it, the enemy will be so much the
weaker and the inquisitors so much better-informed; or

influence in either the regular or secular clergy have
been recruited to the strategy of containing the "Catho-
lic" branch of the Heresy fornow, rather than destroying
it — throwing subtle obstacles before it whenever it
attempts to expand, forcing it to move more cautiously
and slowly. Meanwhile, the Eyes of God have taken it
upon themselves to worm their way into the households
of those most under suspicion. For the most part, they do

not inform their siblings in the other orders of their
efforts. The Oculi have always reserved the absolute
right to reach their own priv ‘onclusions, after all.

te

Inquisitors are aware of some smaller blood-
sacrifice cults that do not formally belong to the
Cainite Heresy. By definition, that means that the
demons or lemures heading such cults are not
"Cainites" — for at the moment, the term no
meaning to most inquisitors outside the context of
the Cainite Heresy. As the organization continues
to cohere, to compile and exchange information,
however, this picture may change.

The Orders

The above discusses the overall philosophy of the
Church and the Inquisition, but the orders also have
their own unique beliefs — particularly those orders
that predate the Inquisition.

ARK AGES:

so they reason. Those inquisitors with positions of

The Poor Anti nme
the ig the Crossof (eve

The Knights are a military-religious order, which
means that their outlook is an unusual combination of
lay and religious ideals. They view themselves, correctly
ornot, as the fighting arm of the Inquisition, duty-bound
to take as much of the burden of warfare off the hands of
their strictly clerical brethren as possible. They also feel
compelled to remind them that the dark forces pose a
worldly threat in addition to a spiritual one, and that
sometimes discretion really is the betterpart of coward-
ice. Many of themhave been radicalized by their Crusade
experiences, particularly the discovery that demonic rot
has crept to within arrow-shot of the holiest places in
Palestine. For them, every mission is a battle, every gain
to be paid for in someone's blood — preferably the
-ssary.

enemy's but also their own whenever nec

This is not to say that the Knights are stupid or
unsubtle (far from it). But as military men, they don't
hesitate to make decisions whose cost is measured in
human lives: They also amaze other orders with their
capacity for physical endurance by staying up through
the night on watch, going hungry, sleeping on hard
stone or riding for hours in the rain, and all without a
moment's complaint. There are some who accuse the
Knights of making too much of a fetish out of their
relics, using them as a crutch for insufficient personal
sanctity; but such arguments tend to fall flat for those
who have seen the Holy Sepulcher with their own eyes
and felt its holy aura.

Oculi Dei

The Eyes of God are predominantly a lay organiza-
tion. Clerical orders sometimes assume that because of
this the Eyes are less pious than other inquisitors.
Nothing could be further from the truth. A fair number
of the Oculi joined-the organization as the result of
some frightening personal experience, but many simply
find the order a perfect channel for both their godly
yearnings and their keen powers of observation. Not a
few actually considered taking holy orders at one time
in their lives, butdecided against it for whatever reason.
It is true, however, that the Eyes of God take full
advantage of their order's freedom from religious vows.
Indeed, they view it as their duty to do so, just as the
Knights feel that they must fight so other inquisitors
don't need to.

The Oculi see themselves as brokers of unpleasant
realities. They turn up the truths no one else wants to
face. Theydo the everyday footwork of collecting small,
seemingly irrelevant pieces of informationso that when
the time comes for.a formal Inquisition, it's all there
waiting to be put togethérs When the order feels the

INQUISITOR


need to guide Inquisition-wide policy (a much rarer
occurrence than some imagine), it does so by the
strategic withholding and releasing of information.

Some outside the order suspect the Oculi of being
compromised by their close proximity to the enemy's
temptations and theirstrict policy against direct action.
They can take comfort in knowing that their suspicions
are, if anything, outmatched by the Eyes' suspicions of
each other; they know better than anyone else just how
grave the temptations really are.

The Gistersof St John

The Sisters, being nothing if not reflective, remind
themselves daily thatpride goes before a fall. Visions are
apriceless gift vouchsafed by the Lord, and He expects
those He so blesses to use them to do His good works.
Visions are also, however, a potential seduction. One
can become so caught up in the experience itself that
one fails to follow through on the warning. One can
begin trusting the visions to the exclusion of all else —
the words of one's priest or bishop, for example, or even
Scripture itself. When male inquisitors exhort them
against the sin of placing personal revelation above the
wisdom of the Church, the Sisters clasp their handsand
nod fervently.

A quite different sort of talk goes on within con-
vent walls, however. Among themselves, the Sisters
hold animated debates and garden:councils, comparing
7 cially the
Blessed Teresa— to Biblical prophecy and the writings
of the church doctors. Often, by the time'a Sister
(visionary or not) leaves the convent grounds to bring
news of her order's gleanings to a cell of fellow inquisi-
tors, she has a well-defined, well-supported theory
about what it all means... that she often finds it prudent
to keep more or less to herself.

The House of Murnau

It is a curious-fact-of history that-often the most
stringent persecutors have some personal connection
with the group they persecute. Tomas de Torquemada,
for instance, who will prove such a scourge to the
Spanish Jews centuries hence, willalso labor in his early
career under the stigma of having close Jewish relatives.

The Murnau can certainly sympathize with this
human quirk. They seek to win in the outer world the
same struggle they wage daily in their inner worlds. This
is not mere expiation of individual guilt or an attempt
to avoid condemnation by joining forces with the
executioners... although it's certainly that as well. It is,

a wwe CHARTER TWO. -
aS - CALL

KA, ALL ea

at heart, a desperate pledge of allegiance to what they
know to be the only power that can save them. It is the
currency of an unspoken bargain with God and the
Church. Those inquisitors with a less deeply personal
interest in defeating the legions of Hell often find it
hard to understand the ardor of the Murnau; however,
instinct often tells them that some sort of war is going on
behind those stoic countenances....

The Red Order

A good generation or two has passed since the
"unfortunate matter" with Brother Everard, and within
the Red Order hope springs afresh, as is hope's wont.
Still, even the newest recruit knows that the order will
never again enjoy the heady, undoubtedly naive bold-
ness of its earliest days. Some Theodosians hail the
ision to join the Inquisition as a brilliant move —
affording both an opportunity to fight evil and a pow-
erful incentive to stay on the straight and narrow, as
well as the sanctionof Mother Church. Others, how-
ever, worry about the possible consequences of placing
the order directly under the noses of those souls in
Christendom most constitutionally inclined to distrust
the esoteric.

Many in the Red Order yet subscribe to the quasi-
heretical belief that magic can be honorably used in the
service of God. Did not good King Solomon himself use
magical arts to capture, enslave and imprisondemons?
To these Brothers and Sisters, it is not the arts them-
selves that are sinful (for all power, even demonic,
ultimately comes from God), merely how they are used.
One must not perform magic for personal gain and one
must not pretend that such power can come from one's
own being; it is the action of God, for which the
magician merely provides a conduit. To the minds of
Red Brothers and Sisters, the Church is tragically
confusing the issue.

These views, however, are not politic to mention
evenamong fellow Theodosians in the current climate.
Order higher-ups step in quickly to quash such talk
when they hear it, and may even investigate closely to
see if perhaps another disaster like Brother Everard's is
in the offing. The study of magic is still permissible,
provided the student keeps quiet about it, as afterall one
must know the enemy to subdue it; the practice of it,
never under any circumstance. Numerous Red Order
scholars have written long apologetics defending the
innocuous origins of those Theodosian arts of which
other inquisitors are already aware; Marzone seems to
have accepted these arguments, barring any darker
revelations.

RMS - y a a



The chacniel stench of Aaughtec lingered, but stale andold.

Baudioun le Breton guessed that whatever horror had taken place here, he had missed it
byat least a day. Nonetheless, he gripped the blade of his sword while surveying the decrepit
church.

The entire village was dead, and even a knight as brave and experienced as Baudioun had
nearly been overcome with nausea and revulsion. Philippe had been unable to continue once
they had passed the hovel where the children had been kept. Even now, Baudioun could
faintly hear him weeping. The village was so still, Baudioun felt he could have heard a mouse
cough.

But the church! The village had been decimated by a plague, but what had happened
here? It looked as though some great battle had taken place between two swordsmen of
remarkable skill. Even more interesting, Baudioun saw signs of fire damage, but the church
itself was intact, ifrundown. Atleast five corpses rotted onits floor, all clearly several weeks
dead, yet some still held weapons. And not one sword wound that | can see, thought the
Poor Knight, but by Goo''s wounds, I'llnot be touching these unfortunates to see for certain.
Aloud, he said, "So many unhallowed dead."

"Wrong, my friend," came a voice from behind him. Baudioun spun about and half-drew
his sword, but the man standing there made no overture of violence. He looked Mediterra-
nean and wore priest's robes. Baudioun searched his mind for one of the recognition codes
that Leopold used to identify fellow warriors of Christ, but couldn't think of one. All he
could see was the obvious power this man commanded. His eyes burned with a light that
Baudioun had seen only in the most zealous inquisitors. "These dead are indeed hallowed,
now. And the one that called their bodies to service as her unholy soldiers, she, too, is gone,
naught but ash."

Baudioun le Breton narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "And who are you, young Father, and
how do you know these things?" His hand had not left his sword — something about this
beautiful "priest" made him uneasy.

The man smiled. "I'm called Artemidorus. And, like you, | am but a soldier in God's army."

Baudioun's eyes snapped open as he remembered one of the codes. He nodded toward
the back of the church, where a representation of the Savior should have hung. "There is the
source of all light." He stared at the priest, waiting for the proper response. Artemidorus
merely cleared his throat and looked expectantly at Baudioun. The knight began to draw his
sword, but the odd light behind the young man' eyes stopped him. "You are no soldier of
God," Baudioun whispered.

The priest's countenance changed. "I have done more for Christendom than evena brave
Knight of Acre like yourself could ever hope. Pray, g00d Sir, that you need never learn more
ofme." Heraisedahandasifin blessing, and Baudioun le Breton, who feared no manordemon,
cringed.

The priest looked about the room. "Come, knight. There's nothing more to do here. Burn
the place and be done with it, and perhaps God will call us together again someday." With
that, the man turned and walked of f

Baudioun walked to the door of the church and watched the man ride away. "Be sure of
it," he said.


The Church was bound to insist that he should
possess, ina pre-eminent degree, the qualities ofa
good judge; that he should be animated with a
glowing zeal for the Faith, the salvation of souls,
andthe extirpation of heresy. Thatheshould meet
hostility fearlessly, but should not courtit; that he
should never yield to anger or passion; that he
should yield to no inducement or threat, and yet
not be heartless; that, when circumstances per-
mitted, he should observe mercy in allotting
penalties; that he should listen to the counsel of
others, and not trust too much to his own opinion
or to appearances, since often the probable is
untrue, and the truth improbable.

— Bernard Gui, Inquisitors Manual, 1331

7 Rey 6
prey trac leat i ve

Upon its tumultuous birth, the inquisition was in
disarray. Dozens of very keen young inquisitors, eager to

do prove themselves, died horribly at the hands of

fiends. Those who stayed behind began jockeying for
position and favor. The founder of the secret Inquisi-
tion, Cardinal Marzone, recognized the immediate
need fora certain level of structure and control. Other-
wise, he placed his few inquisitors, and possibly the
entire enterprise, at risk from spies and corruption.
Without structure, it would fall.

Cardinal Marzone was indifferent toward the
traditional structure of the Church. The Church's
rigid hierarchy and the immobility of clerics would
limit his agents at best and encourage fraud at worst.
He wanted autonomy, intelligence and initiative in
his men, but he didn't want to leave them vulnerable
to the enemy. Marzone designed a system for his new
Inquisition consisting of discrete secret cells of trusted
individuals who answered to local authoritative bod-
ies. He wanted all the control without the suffocating
hand of Rome.

The Hierarchy

The Inquisition is built on a simple hierarchy.
Inquisitors, in cells, report to a Council of Faith. The
Councils of Faith, along with their Procurators Fiscalis,
reports to the Supreme Council. The Supreme Council
reports to the Grand Inquisitor, Cardinal Me

one.

gents have the maximum amount of personal
power that any *t society controlled by a member
The
Inquisition recognizes the integrity of a single in-
quisitor and the power of a few inquisitors banded
together to tackle difficult tasks. Yet, the Inquisition
does not allow agents to operate alone or even in
pairs; the peril is too great and the chance of mistakes
too high. Oversight is required. The Inquisition
must maintain checks and balances, and communi-
cation on a local scale is a priority to the healthy
functioning of the enterprise.

Inquisitors Hill

The Inquisition starts at its smallest unit: the
inquisitor. Where there is an inquisitor, there is an
Inquisition. He isa spy, a beggar, a virtuous man, a
bishop or a wealthy noble. He is the warrior on the
front lines and the scholar poring over ancient

of the Church can in good conscience allow.

papyrus back at the castle. He wields the sword of

justice and (ostensibly) tempers it with mercy.
An inquisitor isa combination of apostolic judge
and medieval police officer who deals with offences

against Christendom. He stands between the souls of

humanity and the evil of demons, and he carries his
faith in God as a shield.

TAPTER THREE

ie bie ike ee ae

The inquisitor's mission, handed to him by Car-
dinal Marzone, is not hunting the fiends of the night
and the heretics, but to save souls and protect them
from the scourge of evil. The souls of the people are
the strong backbone of Europe. If innocent blood
spills in the line of duty, the inquisitor may be just as
much a monster as the creature he or she hunts.

But an inquisitor is never alone. He has compa-
triots — other inquisitors — who arm themselves
with swords of righteousness and fight the battles of
the Lord. He believes in strength in numbers. He
works with others in cells to plan, watch, wait and
act. These brave men and women persevere through

process and procedure, bureaucracy and split-second
decisions and the balance of life and death — while
holding to their moral integrity and their sanity.

Inquisitor Receuitment

The five orders of the Inquisition recruit from
various places. Oculi Dei recruits from the laity,

while the three clerical orders recruit in ways similar
to other priesthoods, knightly orders and sister-
hoods. The House of Murnau, of course, draws from
the family for the most part. While inquisitors do
exist who are part of none of these orders, the
superiors in the Inquisition (Cardinal Marzone in-
cluded) prefer to draw from these groups rather than
from the other orders or from the general populace.
The reason he avoids the latter is fairly obvious; such
folk do not have the theological training to compre-

hend what they would see as inquisitors. The reason
in the former case is mentioned to some degree in
Chapter Two — Marzone isn't sure to what degree
the other clerical orders might be compromised, and
he prefers not to take chances.

The five orders are a motley group, but the
Cardinal claims they are the perfect choice for tack-
ling the problem of demons infesting Christendom.
His judgment, the Cardinal said, was evidently cor-
rect, and no other orders could fill the roles as well as
his chosen. No one else is as holy, wise or brave. No
one else was so willing to give up a never-ending
stream of members to fight the legions of Hell. From
the sword of the Knights to the patience and preci-
sion of the Oculi Dei, they could see every move,
council on the dangers, charge into the fray and heal
the body and soul after the fight. They are perfect.

Few inquisitors have the true character to match
Cardinal Marzone's dream, but most strive to do so.
The very heart of Christendom is at stake, after all.

Recruitment is different for each order. The
Knights prefer men who are not only stalwart on the
battlefield, but who are trustworthy, loyal and have
stood bravely before nameless evil. Men raised by the


order are, naturally, trained for such behavior since
childhood. Knights recruited from other military
orders must distinguish themselves not only as war-
riors, but as truly pious. If this happens, a candidate
finds himself called to a meeting with a ranking
Knight of Acre, who offers the soldier a chance to do
more good in the name of Christendom — although
it often mean leaving the front lines of the Crusades
(or wherever the candidate happens to be at the
moment). If the Knight shows interest, he is sworn to
an oath of secrecy and is told of the Inquisition.

The Red Order has fairly strict recruitment poli-
cies. Members must meet certain base criteria,
including fluency in Greek and Latin, a firm back-
ground in theology and law, a grounding in the
natural sciences and achieved expertise in one major
intellectual subject (individual Theodosians aren't
above tutoring potential candidates in order to push
them toward the acceptable levels of education,
however). Local members of the Red Order meet
once a season to discuss candidates. Recruiters ap-
proach the most promising top three candidates with
an offer to join the inquisition. Those that take up
the offer and swear an oath of secrecy find a new
world of research available to them.

Sisters of St. John gain new members in the same
method as most women's holy orders. However, they
watch carefully for women who exhibit signs of the
Holy Sight and then offer to take such women from
their troubled parents (who are often only too glad to
be rid of them). Other women simply enter the order
expecting it to be little different than the Benedictine
or Carmelite orders. The Sisters of St. John do not
discourage this, feeling that God leads to them those

sisters to the order who need to be there.

The Oculi Dei, of course, h: recruitment poli-
cies, but they have changed drastically over the last few
years as the split between Rodrigue de Navarre and
Aignen le Libraire has grown wider. Both men can
approve members of the order, as can other regional
superiors (suchas Lizia Montesi di Roma). If there isany
formal initiation (apart from the rigorous double and
triple-checking of an individual that assuredly precedes
induction into the order), the Inquisition at large is
unaware of the particulars.

The House of Murnau leaves recruitment into the
Inquisition to the whims of close family. The Inquisi-
tion is the Murnau family business, both a cross to bear
andaright. When members of the House show promise
as strong, striving young warriors with good hearts, the
family waits until they come of age—normally 15 or 16
years old. Then, a trusted family member who is also an
inquisitor takes a candidate aside and explains the
sacred duty of the House of Murnau. Few proud chil-

eos. aa A
B o
‘Sarre

RGAE Bs Lune Gea nd eel Me

dren shirk from their duty. Instead, they gladly take up
arms for the cause.

Once someone joins the Inquisition, he is an
inquisitor for life, even if he wishes to retire from the
active life for more intellectual pursuits or be more
active within his order. The Inquisition can call any
inquisitor out of retirement at any time, for any
reason. However, the sick and elderly are a liability
and none are called up without a compelling need.

Titlesand Orders

An Inquisitor observes the promotions and titles
within her individual order. While the Inquisition
itself uses few formal titles, most orders have detailed
ladders of promotion. A Doctor of Theology from
the Red Order, for example, is still a Doctor of
Theology, even if he or she must answer toa Council
of Faith. A Knight promoted to Commander is still
both a Knight and an inquisitor. Most inquisitors
apply their successes in the field as inquisitors to
promotion opportunities within their orders.

Inquisitors can gain promotions within the In-
quisition itself. One who is more interested in the
legal proceedings or the research instead of the
fieldwork may apply to be a Procurator Fiscalis.
Those who distinguish themselves on the battlefield
may find themselves promoted to new Councils of
Faith or to replace retiring or dead members. Coun-
cil members of keen senses, strong objectivity and a
proven record may find themselves called back to
Rome to help administer the Inquisition and sit on
the Supreme Council.

Inquisiting the Sarithful

Inquisitors answer directly only to their local
Council of Faith, Cardinal Marzone and to cell
mates. Their power ignores the bounds of ecclesias-
tical and secular authority. The Inquisition has
authority to audit anyone, at any time —no one may
stop an inquisitor once he begins his work. They are
the hounds of the Lord and do not stop until their
prey is in their jaws or dead.

However, the inquisitor's power is limited. She
wields only ecclesiastical power. The Holy Office
has no authority of judgment over secular crimes,
such as theft, rape or murder. The inquisitor may

bring proceedings against a subject only on justifi-
able grounds of heresy, and she must prove, absolutely,
that these crimes are actual crimes against mankind
and Christendom.

The secret Inquisition is less constricted than the
Holy Office: Selling one's soul into the service of Hell
technically qualifies as an ecclesiastical crime. Anyone
who deals with the forces of the Adversary, purposefully


TITLes WITHIN THE ORDERS

he orders maintain their own ranks

within their hierarchy. From their
point of view, any titles bestowed upon their
members by the Inquisition are honorifics that
add to prestige, but hardly indicative of a
member's standing in the order as a whole.
Inquisitors proudly identify with their order's
titles as well as their inquisitorial positions.

The Knights of Acre are very proud of their
title hierarchy. At the top is the Grand Master,
followed by Commander of the Tongue, Com-
mander of the True Cross (Lord of Fortress of
the Cross), Seneschal (Lord of a Castle or
Holding), Commander of the Knights, Knight
Brother, Turcoplier (Commander of the Ser-
geants of Battle), the Under-Marshal
(Commander of the footmen), Sergeant Brother
of Battle, the Standard Bearer, the Turcopoles
(local, non-noble troops) and, finally, the sick
and elderly brothers.

The Red Order bestows the degrees of Bach-
elor, Master and Doctor upon its more
accomplished members. One with a bachelor's
degree has no honorific. Members call them
"Brother" or "Sister." A master is
like "Master Eduard of Glascony.

Most Reverent Doctor and receives great respect.
The Sisters of St. John only have nov;
Sisters and one Mother Superior per convent.
Novices have no title, as they have not yet chosen
their holy name, nor have they entered the order
proper. Sisters are merely "Sister," followed by
their name. A Mother Superior is called simply

"Mother Superior."

The Eyes of God don't discuss titles, because
it might betray their standing within the vast
European conspiracy. They assemble themselves
based entirely on seniority, and they believe overt
titles might give them and their superiors away.
When pressed, they either make up a title or pick
one at random from the Sword of St. James.

The House of Murnau prides itself on its
noble lineage. The head of the House is still the
Count of Murnau, and other family members
figure out their titles from there. For example, a
cousin will be the "Third Cousin of the Count of
Murnau." House members concoct titles that are
both impressive and have as many links to the
current head of the House as possible.

and with malice; engages in heretical arts, witchcraft
and necromancy; or enters into deals using their soul as
a bargaining chip has forfeited any protections faith
would provide. Those who deal in evil in its myriad
forms fall under the inquisitor's purview.

If the inquisitor bears witness to a secular crime

and they do in their line of work — the inquisitor
also decides the criminal's fate. He can — and is
encouraged to — turn the criminal over to secular
officials. He can release the criminal. He may even
mete out private justice if he feels the crime warrants
the punishment, although the judgment and punish-
ment of secular crimes at the hands of individual
inquisitors is never encouraged.

The inquisitor lives under an eternal cavea'
Bringing innocents before the Inquisition is a crime
against God. The power the inquisitor wields is so
great that using it to settle petty grudges brings the
baleful eye of the Inquisition upon the transgressor.
Should suspicion arise that the inquisitor not only
accused an innocent man, but also did so purpos
fully and knowingly, the Procurator Fiscalis and the
cellmates of the offender bring the inquisitor before
the Council of Faith.

The inquisitor never brings sentence alone. Al-
though she is sometimes a judge, she must answ:
the Council of Faith. Too much is at stake for both
the accused and the accu The inquisitor may
equest sentence should the accused be found guilty,
up to and including death, but he cannot hand it out
arbitrarily, and he cannot make those kinds of dec
sions alone.

However, should the inquisitor be attacked dur-
ing duty, he automatically assumes that the attacker
is both committing a crime and is guilty. The Inqui-
sition empowers the inquisitor to carry out sentence
and may do so quickly. In this case, the inquisitor
brings back the "evidence" of a crime to the Council
of Faith, which tries the case, with the defendant
either in absentia or as a corpse. Sometimes, if need
warrants, the corpse is burned at the stake

Because inquisitors work within the system when
they can afford to, they collect as much evidence as they
can to convict their target and its related associate
The Inquisition keeps copious records on all of their
observations, from the most minute to "Count Vlad in
Castle Malebolgia is a vampire." They build vast libre
ies of notes and journals, all of which are held in
Council of Faith chapter-houses. Because of the almost
obsessive nature of the inquisitors, the Inquisition
maintains some impressive libraries of histories, occult
sciences, law, theology and taxonomy of unnatural
creatures anywhere in Christendom, all open to any
inquisitor who needs the information. The organ


raat

Be Gh A

"it Sua 0
tion of said libraries, however, leaves something to be
desired. Much of the information still exists only as
hastily scrawled notes waiting to be fleshed out by
overworked monks, and still more it exists only in the
minds of experienced inquisitors. A soldier of God
trying to find one particular fact has a daunting task
ahead of him, indeed.

When the inquisitor has tracked and cornered a
victim, his job is to acquire as much evidence as
possible to support his case. As those who commit
heresy are traitors to the Church, the inquisitor has
a large degree of latitude in collecting information.
Often, this includes capturing the target, dragging
them toan undisclosed location in bonds and forcing
them to give up "evidence" in the form of confession.
The Inquisition has no dictates on how this evidence
is gathered, and inquisitors employ a rather large
range of modes and methods. However, the inquisi-
tor has no right to commit murder — at least, not
purposefully.

Whodnquisits the Inquisifors?

It takes a dedicated and tireless person of
faith, unbreakable spirit and peerless objectivity to
bean inquisitor. Unfortunately, such men and women
are difficult to find. Inquisitors are human, and all
humans are inherently prone to sin, as much as it
pains Cardinal Marzone to admit it.

Inquisitors go bad. They become infatuated with
the minutiae of their work. They come to obsess over
the legions of Hell, expect conspiracies in every
corner and believe everyone they work with to be in
ona plot to destroy all of Christendom. They focus
on the material aspects of the job and spend time

confiscating money and property from peasants,
stuffing their own coffers. Crooked bishops and
cardinals, sometimes themselves pawns of fiends,

learn the true nature of inquisitors and manipulate
them to their own ends. Inquisitors become heretics
or are seduced by the Adversary's minions in even
more perverse ways, becoming lemures or even
Cainites. Some go mad. Some simply give up.

The Inquisition reserves the right to bring pro-
ceedings against itsown members. Inquisitors assigned
to such a case study the subject and turn evidence
over to the Procurator Fiscalis. If the subject is
irreconcilably guilty, the Council condemns the
inquisitor, stripping him of all his power and, if the
crime warrants it, sentences him to death. The
Inquisition carries out the sentence immediately
and the Council requests a replacement.

Inquisitors may begin proceedings against their
fellow inquisitors at any time. In theo
inquisitors takes notes on one another constantly,

i is dill
BE
GUEEEEER -DARKAGE

y, a cell of

watching every step and wondering whether the
other has gone over to the other side. They worry
they are the next to fall under scrutiny for a per-
ceived slip of the tongue ora failure to act, or that a
fellow inquisitor will bring down the hammer of
Rome upon them. However, should an inquisitor
bear false witness against one of her own, the Coun-

cilsuspects the accuser of treason, heresy and various
crimes against the Church.

Inquisitors have a second option for punishment
should an inquisitor fall from grace: If the accusers
belong to the same order as the fallen, the inquisitors
may bring it to the attention of their superiors within
the order. Each order has different penalties for
failure, but often the punishment for failure and
falling is censure, pilgrimage, penance or death (in

extreme cases).

The Knights of Acre punish members who fail to
uphold their vows and give in to fear before the
enemy. Knights are stalwart warriors, and cowards
have no place in their ranks. Flight from the battle-
field is a betrayal of the order's creed. For the firs
offence, the Knight's superior assigns a regimen of
meditation during menial labor — cleaning the
barracks, polishing armor, tending to horses, stand-
ing watch and so forth. Multiple offenses call into
question the Knight's ability to fight demons, and
the superior typically calls for dismissal.

The Red Order has less patience than the Knights.
Failure to uphold the tenets of the Inquisition in-
cludes delving into unapproved areas of the occult,
dealing with demons and exploring the dark areas of
the soul. Members of the Red Order play with
metaphysical fire and falling from grace, for them, is
tantamount to plotting against Christendom. The
inquisitor's superiors are immediately called into
meeting to discuss the nature and breadth of the
crime, and whether the member's soul can be saved.
If the member is salvageable, the superiors remove
the member from the line of duty. The superiors
assign the member to others within the order who

specialize in theology and force the fallen to con-
front their deeds in debate and reflection. Those
who cannot be saved are stripped of their red robes,
excommunicated from the Church and handed back
to the Inquisition for trial.

The Sisters of St. John do not believe in ev
forcing a member from their ranks, even for the worst

crime imaginable — murder. As an order with a
focus on healing, harming another human being is
equivalent to damaging their soul. But, no member
is ever truly lost. They can save all with patience and
time. Sisters who do fall from grace are removed from
their duties and return to their convent. There, the


fallen member waits until the local Mother Superior
believes she has "recovered." In mild situations, this
may be days of reflection and prayer. In the most
heinous, the order confines the Sister for life.

The Eyes of God have little patience for those

who overstep the bounds and reveal the secrets of

the conspiracy to those who aren't part of the order.
A secret here and a secret there and the entire order
unravels. The simplest breach of trust rates instant
expulsion from the order without appeal (and those
thus expelled tend to run afoul of fatal mishaps
within days of their dismissal). Ifa single person talks
and gets away with it, then the rest of Oculi Dei will
think it's within bounds to let a few secrets out now
and again — and that's unacceptable.

The House of Murnau polices its own like a family
— higher-ranking members of the House may punish
their children and other members in their care as they
see fit. Ifamember of House Murnau commitsan offense
against the Inquisition as a whole, the House often
covers it up ("keeping it in the family," so to speak) and
attempts to deal with the matter on its own. While the
House makes every effort to save a sibling or cousin who
has fallen, it also holds few illusions — the House curse
ruins at least one scion of Murnau in every generation.

Rumors circulating among some of the inquisitors
speak of secret, special agents of Cardinal Marzone
within the Inquisition who are charged with maintain-
ing the integrity and purity of purpose of inquisitors.
Some believe any inquisitor, at any time, may be other
than a member of the local cell, may in fact be a mole
taking notes on the loyalties of other soldiers of God
and sending coded messages back tosome secret master.
Tales circulate of those suspected of heresy by these
secret police turning up in secret tribunals before the
Supreme Council. Many inquisitors do not believe
these rumors, but they look over their shoulders and size
up their fellow soldiers just the same.

No inquisitors have been unmasked as these so-
called secret police, but some claim that people have
disappeared in the middle of the night with no sign
of fiendish activity or a struggle, only to turn up ina
mysterious dungeon hundreds of miles away. How or
why is a mystery.

Krocurator siscalis

The Procurator Fiscalis is a combination public
prosecutor, archivist and expert in the ways of the
damned, his knowledge culled from long years fight-
ing in the field himself. A single Procurator Fiscalis
serves a Council of Faith. Ones with especially keen

minds, eyes for detail and objective outlooks are
promoted to the position. While not a position
highly coveted by inquisitors eager for action, it is a

fine station for older inquisitors looking to continue

the fight but without the physical ability to do so.
It is too simple for an inquisitor, bearing a grudge

or lacking objectivity, to accuse an innocent person

an act that may condemn the accused to death.
The Procurator Fiscalis performs as a safety net for
the Inquisition and maintains an objective face
before very subjective work. His job is to determine
the truth, not to convict on spurious grounds.

When an inquisitor cell gathers sufficient evi-
dence against an individual, it approaches the
Procurator Fiscalis and formally requests to open a
judicial inquiry. The procurator assumes the accused
is guilty of all charges before examining all docu-
ments brought before him. If he finds enough evidence
to warrant a preliminary hearing, he draws up the
papers and presents the charge.

The Procurator Fiscalis then brings the case
before the local Council of Faith. If the Council
agrees with his assessment based on the evidence,
the procurator works quickly to assemble a case
against the accused. The inquisitors receive the

orders to "retrieve" the accused at any cost.
Within days, the Council holds a very short and
informal trial at which the Procurator Fis
attorney for the prosecution. If the accused is not
present, the Council holds the trial in absentia. If the
accused is found guilty, the Council dispatches inquisi-

lis acts asan

tors to mete out sentence. If the accused is dangerous or
the matter urgent, the Council holds a trial in the
defendant's home, or while one inquisitor holds down
the accused and another readies the stake.

Many inquisitors find the Procurator Fiscalis to
be an annoyance at best and a stumbling stone at
worst. Inquisitors believe they waste time, get in the
way and generate unnecessary hassles. Rarely will
the Council wave an inquisitor past the nec ry
procedure, however. More than a few inquisitors
have fallen to Cocytus, and sidestepping of the
n indicator that the inquisitor has become

jaded, corrupted or worse.

Counteil of saith

In every city where the Church has its reach,
Cardinal Marzone institutes one or more Councils of
Faith. Council members are chosen from the pool of
inquisitors with backgrounds as lawyers, theologians,
clergy and distinguished laity, and they are entrusted by
the Supreme Council to maintain the hierarchy and
organization of the shadow Inquisition.

A Council of Faith comprises five venerable
inquisitors. They administer the activities of local
inquisitors, ensure timely reports to the Supreme

Council in Rome and judge the trials of the Inquisi-

RSE. 7 ae
——— «CHAPTER THREE. YS i
5 HE MIND OF THEINQUISITION: fae a @ wee


tion. They hold together the local inquisitor cells
and manage their cooperation through reports and
by providing a safe haven in a chapter-house.

The primary function of the Council of Faith is
the trial of crimes and heresies. The Council oper-
ates ona "guilty until proven innocent" premise, and

it takes more than begging for mercy for them to
absolve the accused. The trial works in three steps:
capture, arguments and sentencing.

First, inquisitors bring in the subject for trial. The
moment a cell of inquisitors has enough evidence to
convict someone of committing necromancy, consort-
ing with demons or whatever the particular offense may
be, they arrest the individual and, if possible, charge and
arrest him for his crimes. (Accused exhibiting demonic
powers or who attack inquisitors with such abilities are
assumed to be guilty, and no trial is necessary. Likewise,

inquisitors are fully permitted to defend themselves if

need be.) The Council of Faith maintains elaborate
containment facilities within the confines of its chap-
ter-houses for dangerous prisoners, including cells,
equipment, shackles and a wide range of items for
"containing" demons. Technically, the subject of in-
quiry is not necessary for a trial — the Council may try
any individual in absentia if necessary.

Ry

Feet ere

Next, during proceedings, the Council hears the
evidence presented by the Procurator Fiscalis. The
Council weighs the evidence against the Catechism of
the Church and the Council's extensive knowledge of
theology, the law and the occult sciences. If they find
the subject guilty — and he almost invariably is — the
Council retires and deliberates a sentence.

Sentences vary. For mere humans trapped in a
conspiracy by those practicing witchcraft or necro-
mancy, sentences range from an enforced pilgrimage
to a holy site to penance, confession or scourging.
For those who actively engage in heresy, practice
overt witchcraft, or who have given themselves to
darker powers, the sentence is uniformly death. The
Council commonly burns the guilty at the stake, but
it also uses more esoteric sentences, especially for
demons and their ilk.

ses sentence, the accused
. The sentence is absolute.

Once a Council 5
cannot appeal or argue
If the sentence is penance or confession, the Council
charges a local inquisitor to approach the clergy and
see that the poor, deluded soul is set on the path to
righteousness or see to it himself. If the sentence is
scourging, the inquisitor promptly scourges the guilty
in the chapter-house cells and then releases him. If
the sentence is death, the Inquisition handles the


PX

mre)

S

matter quickly and privately. Inquisitors consult the
Council on issues of carrying out sentence if they are
not clear on the best manner to proceed (this typi-
cally happens in cases involving monstrous or
powerful demonic beings or their servants). The
Council directs the inquisitor to those who have that
information, whether archivists, other inquisitors or
other useful sources.

The Council is aware that their power lies ulti-
mately in the strength and judgment of the inquisitors.
With mortal enemies who dabble in the black arts,
the Council has the luxury of trials and sentencing.
However, the inquisition has no obligation to save
those who are beyond mortal ken. The investigating
cell makes a decision, sometimes swiftly, either to
pursue a trial or to eliminate the threat before it
imperils the souls of the Flock. In these cases, the
Council authorizes cells to take the actions needed
and fully report to the Council of Faith in the
aftermath. The Council will weigh the evidence
against the cell's actions and determine whether the
action taken was necessary. In nearly all cases, the
Council sides with the cell — rarely does the evi-
dence of clear and present danger contradict the
actions of the inquisitors.

When the Inquisition establishes a Council of
Faith in a new city, it starts "months of grace."
During this period, the cells answering to the new
Council enter the community and observe the locals
for strange behavior. When inquisitors stumble upon
interesting evidence of disreputable behavior —
suspicious marks in the forests, commerce in unnatu-
ral items, disappearance or reappearance of locals —
they report the matter. The Council notifies local
parish priests that certain members of the congrega-
tion require confession and penance. As the
inquisitors compile evidence, they turn it over to the
Procurator Fiscalis, who compares it to notes of
previous inquisiting and prepares the cases.

After the months of grace end (and the actual
amount of time ranges from a few weeks to several
years — indeed some "months of grace" that began
in the early stages of the Inquisition still continue),
the Inquisition commences. It begins secret trials of
true sinners, heretics and minions of evil. Inquisitors
question witnesses, compile evidence and prepare
assaults against enemy strongholds. As the trials
near completion, the Council orders the inquisitors

to carry out the sentences in the most efficient
manner while harming the fewest possible inno-
cents. Councils may take years to complete their
trials and sweeps of the region. Once a Council of
Faith digs in, it is there permanently.

HAPT

eee
+ THE MIND OF THE INQUISITION - Fg

a ‘al ' io
: is i
Onxecksand Balances

The Council has a secondary, but no less impor-
tant, function: maintain checks and balances within
the Inquisition. Inquisitors spend much of their time
apart from their superiors, chasing after all manner of
heretics, fiends and devils. Much of it takes a toll on
the mind and the soul. Weak inquisitors die, become
corrupt and betray their fellows. The Council acts as
a supervisory party that may remove an inquisitor at
any time.

Simultaneously, the inquisitors keep a careful
eye on their Council of Faith. The Council can be
infiltrated, tempted, bribed or simply fall into disar-
ray. As the Inquisition often works far away from the
watchful eye of Rome, the Council is on its own
monitor as much as that of the cells it supervises.

The cells and the Council strike a balance of
inquiry and judicial review. The Council, seeing all
the cases presented before it with the evidence,
makes aggregate judgments about the inquisitors as
well as the accused. Over time, it becomes obvious if
an inquisitor is slipping in his or her duty to the
Church and God. If the inquisitor simply hasn't
come up with anything in a very long time, the
Council sees plenty of reason to cast suspicion. Itcan
turn an inquisitor into a defendant at any time and
may use other cells beholden to it to capture, im-
prison, question and try the ex-inquisitor.

Likewise, the inquisitors keep a watchful eye on
the Council. If a Council repeatedly rejects cases
with solid evidence, "misplaces" records, overlooks
obvious infiltration by the enemy, or spends all of its
time bickering, the inquisitors can open a case against
them. Overturning a Council is more difficult than
prosecuting an inquisitor, however. A judicial body
must sit on site and listen to the evidence, even if the
accused Council is absent. Another local Council

may sit and listen to the evidence, or the inquisitors
n take it to the Supreme Council. If the Council is
guilty, the same penalties apply to them as to any
other accused of the Inquisition. Councils that lose
before the Supreme Council are in a very perilous
position, as it has its own teams of inquisitors to deal
with renegades.

Should a Council of Faith fall, whether to the
enemy, more mundane mishaps, or by corruption of
its members, the inquisitor cells must build a new
one. They quickly elect five among the survivors
from the supporting cells to constitute the new
Council. One of their number goes to stand before
the Supreme Council and receive ratification for the
new Council of Faith. If the cells are also wiped out
in the assault, Rome will send an entire new set of

THREE:

;


eae

cells and a Council to the affected area — a major
blow for the Inquisition.

The balance of power between the cells and the
Council keeps everyone alert. Lies and politics cer-
tainly have their place in the Inquisition, but pointing
a finger and bearing false witness carry serious con-
sequences for the guilty. The Inquisition considers
perjury a crime tantamount with heresy and murder
and condemns it with stiff punishment, including
time incarcerated, dismissal from the Inquisition

and excommunication.

The Supreme Council

The Supreme Council comprises seven members:
Two inquisitors of high standing, two secretaries, two
lawyers or experts in theology and one Advocatus
Fiscalis — the financial advisor. The Supreme Council
alsocommandsa small army of experts in theology, law,
war and the occult sciences as advisors on a number of
subjects, from maintaining the Church's interests to
the best way to destroy fiends through the use of
mounted cavalry.

The Supreme Council has three functions. The
first is as an executive board that oversees the direction
of the Inquisition. It hands direction down to the
Councils of Faith, makes final recommendations on
appointments and promotions and works with delega-
tions from the Church. It may dissolve or reconstitute

inquisitors to relocate to a new

1.

Thesecond position is toactas the Council of Faith
for Rome. The Supreme Council hears and judges cases
too sensitive — or involving people too powerful — for
amere cell of inquisitors and a normal Council of Faith.
In secret chambers hidden within the Vatican, mem-
bers listen toargumentson the sanctity (or lack thereof)
of fallen bishops and powerful lay nobility. The Su-
preme Council sits unmoving as masked inquisitors
drag the offender before them, and it considers the case
presented by its own Advocatus Fiscalis. The advocatus

presents his charges, and he allows the offender either
toadmit to them or to offera defense. After the trial, the
Supreme Council retires to deliberate.

The Supreme Council bases much of its attitude in
handing down sentence on the similarity between
heresy and high treason. In their eyes, as those tried
before them are in positions to influence and corrupt
thesouls of hundreds of people, practicing heretical acts

Christendom. No act of heresy is too innocent; no
communication with the "other side" is too arbitrary.
They mitigate their punishment based on circum-
stance and station, but the punishment for high treason
isalways the same: death. The Supreme Council prefers

Councils of Faith at any time or force a group of

is tantamount to plotting to overthrow all of

death by fire. (Of course, dragging highly placed off
cialsandnobles before the Supreme Council is disrupting
to Christendom in and of itself, and doing so causes
enough problems that it occurs only asa truly last resort.
If possible, the Inquisition seeks to ruin corrupt men of
power through subtler means, at least initially.)

The final function of the Supreme Council is
secret, even from Cardinal Marzone himself: The
Supreme Council can vote to remove the Cardinal
from office. If Cardinal Marzone falls to the caprices of
evil, the entire Inquisition falls with him. The Su-
preme Council shepherds the succession of Grand
Inquisitors to protect the integrity of the entire enter-
prise. The secret vote must be unanimous among
members of the council before they can order their
inquisitors into action to remove Cardinal Marzone to
the dungeons and start treason proceedings. Then,
they will begin the vote among themselves as to who
will take his place.

But, this has never happened. Cardinal Marzone is
the first and, to date, only man ever to hold the post of
Grand Inquisitor, and no plans exist to unseat him. No
one is scheming against the head of the Inquisition —
at least, no one who has been detected (and survived)
thus far.

The Supreme Council has never informed the
Cardinal of its ability to remove him on a moment's
notice — they have never needed their contingency
plan and sosee no reason to share it. There might come
atime ora need, no matter how remote or improbable,
when Cardinal Marzone must be replaced with some-
one younger and more capable. The Cardinal might
become old and sick. He mightbe afflicted with demen-
tia. He might even fall from grace. The Inquisition must
stand, whether the Cardinal follows it into the future as
Grand Inquisitor or not.

Taking the place of the previous Grand Inquisitor
is no mean feat. The politics of the Church and state
must be on the side of the Supreme Council, and they
must have the confidence of the Pope. Only he has the
powerand thestrength todeal witha rogue and decrepit
Grand Inquisitor properly. Proving to the Pope that the
Grand Inquisitor has fallen would require more than
extensive evidence. It would mean convincing the
Pope that none of the evidence was forged, then
maneuvering the Pope into a position where he is ready
to confirm a new Cardinal who can become the new
Grand Inquisitor.

The Feanddnquisitor,
Cardinal Warzone

Cardinal Marzone stands at the head of the Inqui-
sition. By virtue of his credentials, he enjoys the ability


todel gate his power and infuse inquisitors with the
power of the Church. He is a man of irreproach-
able character; an impeccable Christian who
believes strongly that the Church is the only
true defense against evil. He absolutely
and immovably believes that the Inquisi-
tion is all that stands between the fiends
and the fall of all of Christendom.

As Grand Inquisitor, Cardinal
Marzone speaks with the authority of
the Pope on all matters of faith
(within the shadow Inquisition,
that is). He works as a conduit
between the rest of the Episcopal
authority and the Inquisition.
However, the Church has no

holdoverthe Inquisition save
through the Cardinal; all

that individual cler,
Cardinals, can do is sug-
gest, complain, cajole and
threaten—those whoeven
know of the organization's
existence. The Cardinal
works to preserve the

Inquisition's integrity,
sanctity and secrecy.

Cardinal Marzone has
minute control over all

membersof the Inquisition,
from the highest advisor to
the lowest servant. He has
ultimate control over the
Supreme Council, for
which he may appoint, re-
appoint, transferorremove
members at a whim. The
moment he feels someone
isnotadequately trustwor-
thy, not handing down
sound judgments or not

acting in the best interest
of the Church, Cardinal
Marzone can remove him.
He does not have to give
any reason. His actions do
notevenneed tobe sound.
His word is law.

The Cardinal's com-
mand is never in que
His grip on the organi

ion.

tion is absolute, and no
one dares question hisrule.
To date, he has never

allpictu
of his
men
thei
bel:

Na

=

Ta,
Wn

AN

!
,

as

Wy
IAW)

WLU TI
FAI we
Wy )y}

M

l

Wy
WY)

I)

Ny

Z,

VANITY

MVM

MDD

Hp) NUIT

Yh
mm)

rf)

a?

Whi

f

.S

"ow og CHAPTER-THRE!
- THE MIND OF THE INQUISITION -

given anyone reason to contradict his direct

soldiers, nor

orders, as he does not steer the Inquisition
away from God, nor does he hand
down frivolous or pointless com-
mands. He
with a commanding presence. But, he nei-

ther feels compassion for the lesser foot

is a fair leader and a man

does he connect with thei

plight; he's too busy seeing the over-

re to worry about the affairs
reports. He's aware of the
who serve under him and
r importance, but he also
ievesin delegating the con-

trol to those who are worthy
of his trust.

Cardinal Marzone does

not suffer betrayal. What
the Cardinal does with
fallen members of the In-

quisition is completely up
to him. If an inquisitor
failed horribly in his
trusted position as a de
fender of souls — he or
she was easily bribed, not
competent or lacked the
backbone to do what
needs to be done — he
demotes the inquisitor
and sends him back to
his order. Rumors say
that the Cardinal main-
tains his own secret
dungeons in the Black
Forest of Bavaria for
those who truly betray
the Inquisition to the
legions of Hell. Darker,
more vicious rumors sug-
gest that those fallen are
dragged tothe dungeons,
tortured with hot pin-
cers for their knowledge
of occult magic, forced
into confession of dalli-
ances with demons, and
have their tongues torn
from their mouths so
they will never utter
another evil word to
another man of God.
Then, the Cardinal
turns them loose again


into the world to live as outcasts and suffer the taunts
and shouts of children until the end of their days.

Should a Council of Faith betray the Inquisition,
Cardinal Marzone orders his Supreme Council to
dispatch inquisitors to bring its members in for trial.
The Supreme Council strips the members of power
and influence on their arrival in Rome. The Supreme
Council is then free to try the rogue Council members
just as they would anyone who falls under their
purview. Cardinal Marzone does not believe in mercy
for those who have come into the fold of the Inquis!
tion and used it for their own ends. He leaves the
Council in Rome to its task of hearing the case,
judgment and punishment.

Should someone in the middle or lower ranks come
to the attention of the Cardinal in a positive way, due
to heroics beyond the call of duty, he recognizes their
abilities. He moves them to an active cell, appoints
them to an important Council of Faith, or brings them
to Rome to advise the Supreme Council on cases.
Cardinal Marzone is not a micro-manager, but he
recognizes talent, and he wants that talent working to
the best of its ability. The Inquisition is young, and the
Cardinal wants the best people in positions of leader-
ship. It takes acts of great bravery to prove the loyalty
and the intelligence to rate a position of power on the
Cardinal's prize staff.

Opevofing Ucross
¢

The secret Inquisition operates in cells as small as
two inquisitors and as large as a score. The cell size
ries, depending on the density of the local popula-
tion, the influence of the Church in the area and the
direct need for inquisitors. Quiet areas need fewer
inquisitors, while those with more activity require more
supervision. Areas without Church influence are often
without cells and on their own — the Inquisition
worries about saving Christendom proper, not the
surrounding lands full of unbelievers.

Cell size also fluctuates by need. If the area is
sparsely populated, but sports heretical cults lurking in
its forests — as may be in the thick woods of Bavaria
the cell grows to a dozen members or more until they
lance the problem. If a call for help arrives, inquisitors
travel to the needy area and assist the suffering cells.
Inquisitors move from cell to cell, tracking the scent of
evil. The Inquisition doesn't have the personnel to truly
coat all of Europe, and inquisitors go where they are

ty

needed or assigned. Once inquisitors cleanse an area,
they are free to move to the next.

Multiple cells inhabit the same area if the population
(and enemy activity) supports them. In Paris, for ex-
ample, several cells operate in tandem. Activity isso high
in Paris and the surrounding lands that inquisitors need
to distribute their duties to cover enough ground. How-
ever, large stretches in the Kingdom of Hungary are
without cells for miles.

The local cellsmeet in undisclosed and unpopulated
areas, often work at night (when enemy activity is
highest), and leave behind only coded messages and
whispers. Their chapter-houses can be anything from
someone's private residence to the catacombs beneath
the local church. They find private locations with few
visitors and plenty of space to maintain stockpiles of
notes and tools. Typically, the Inquisition meets in
monasteries, convents, churches, chapels and other
areas that are both safe and hallowed ground.

The cells carefully obscure their presence from
anyone who is nota proven member of the Inquisition.
Each chapter-house has a distinct set of secret signs.
These signs point the way to the chapter house, but the
local members design them to be as innocuous as
possible: An eye carved into the side of a wall, an arrow,
a shared code word in Latin or Greek. A traveling
inquisitor must have a letter of introduction and a
listing of the symbols tofind the chapter house. Whereas
the peasantry is blind to the workings of the cells, the
Inquisition's hunted prey are cunning and wily foes.
Many inquisitors die because the enemy tails someone
to the meeting hall.

Cells in a given area report to the local Council of
Faith. The Council of Faith maintains channels of
communication between the cells of inquisitors, while
providing archiving services and communication with
Rome, including the local secret signs and appropriate
letters of introduction. The Council also acts as an
auditing body on the inquisitors and their work.

The total number of cellsacross Europe isunknown
toanyone save Cardinal Marzone. The estimatesamong
members range from hundreds to thousands. The truth,
however, is probably closer to the former than to the
later. The Inquisition, as a whole, is small, and its cells
are widely dispersed.

Communication Lines

Inaworld where cells are scarce, meeting is difficult
and discussion is slow, maintaining the communica-
tion lines isaprimary goal for the Inquisition. Normally,
inquisitors go about their daily business of collecting
information. When real trouble appears, inquisitors
need quick access to information from other cells, from
libraries, or from the collections held by the orders.

— —
& 7 > — 3 > = — ee
(= ‘DARKAGESHNQUISITOR- Ee '

/

A

aah '
DEB |
7

ts 1

The center of the communication network is the
Procurator Fiscalis. As part of his duties, he archives
every piece of evidence in a case and every letter he
receives from other Councils, inquisitors or the Su-
preme Council itself. For pure history, he is an
incalculable resource: An inquisitor, intent on a case,
can petition access to the procurator's files at the
chapter-house of the Council of Faith and receive the
information. The procurator hands over the informa-
tion if the inquisitor can demonstrate reason.

Only one Procurator Fiscalis is assigned per Coun-
cil of Faith; the organization does not have enough
ign more. The procurator often
because the mountains of data

experienced staff to ass
wants for his own staff,

generated by inquisitors are far too much for one person
to handle, but until the Inquisition matures, Procura-
tors Fiscalis must contend alone. One Council of Faith
might be responsible for an area of several hundred
square miles, and the Procurator Fiscalis contends with
the data and details of every small village, cave, forest
and castle within those borders.

The procurator sends out periodic delegations to
collect information for his own library, or collect infor-
mation from the Inquisition cells. Naturally, he runs
into some contention — the Red Order, for example,
is unlikely to release on a whim precious and irreplace-
able ancient books detailing various heretical subjects
— but, at the very least, his authority will demand a
letter witha reference to the information. He also sends
out delegations to other Councils of Faith, largely for
the same purpose.

He works to maintain communication between
the cells that report to the Council of Faith by receiving
and filing their semi-periodic reports. He simply scans
reports for information to send to the cells and files
them away in his ever-growing mass of paper, notes and
archives. When something appears in the report of one
cell that is clearly suspicious, he reports it to the Council
and passes it on to relevant, nearby cells.

The five Orders

The five orders have different destinies, but for the
time being, the Inquisition forces them to work to-
gether. This does not mean all the members work
together seamlessly. Often, the loyalty is to one's order
before the Inquisition, and those duties push and pull
the inquisitor while he tries to do his job. The inquisitor
finds himself torn — does he serve the masters from his
order or does he serve the masters of the Inquisition?
What happens when the orders conflict?

When the member does find himself in conflict, he
falls back on those beliefs and teachings of his order.
From there, he must decide what is best for him, best for
the order and best for Christendom. The orders provide
a personal identity, a path to faith anda way to God for
the members. They bring together very passionate souls
with a certain opinions and beliefs and turn them into
soldiers of Christendom.

The orders do notalways cooperate. An Eye of God
feels more than a little annoyance when a Knight hefts
a great sword and dashes into a castle, and the Sister
wonders whether her friend, the Brother of the Red
Order, really needs another vial of demon blood. But,
the great challenge of working in the secret and most
holy Inquisition isovercoming such base prejudicesand
working together toward a greater good.

The order descriptions on the following pages are
arranged thus:

Title: The name of the order.

Overview: A brief look at the history, beliefs
structure of the order.

Appearance: What a given member of the order
might look like, including habits and standards (in the
case of the clerical orders).

and

Initiation: The standard methods by which a
pilgrim might come to join the order.

Organization: A condensed explanation of the
order's hierarchy.

Holdings: The locations of the order's most impor-
tant chapter-houses.

Superior Virtue: Which of the three Superior
Virtues the order prizes.

Blessings: The category of Blessings in which the
order specializes.

Curse: The category of Curse that most commonly
afflicts the order.

Order Benefit: The game effects of the order's
benefits, should the player choose to accept them (see
Chapter Four).

Order Drawback: With the good must come the
bad. Ifa player chooses to take on the order's benefit for
her character, she must also accept the order's draw-
back.

Character Creation: Suggestions for players on
which Traits are most appropriate for characters of the
order. Remember that these are suggestions only, not
hard-and fast rules.

Quote: A comment indicative of members of the
order.

Outlooks: The order's outlook on the rest of the
inquisition, the Flock and the Adversary.


One night, a small group of Teutonic Knights and Knights
of St. Thomas, led by Gauthier de Dampiere, stole and smuggled
ashard of the True Cross out of Acre under the cover of night.
They hid it on a cart, buried in pig fat and protected from the
sharp senses of the fiends hiding among the Crusaders and the

religious sentimentalities of their Mus-
lim enemies. By land and over sea, the
telic traveled to a small fortress on the
isle of Cyprus. There, the Knights in-
terred the shard in the chapel of the
newly named Fortress of the Cross. That
night, standing before the altar, Gauthier
gathered the kernel of a new order of
knights to fight the encroaching dark-
: The Poor Knights of Acre.

The Knights of Acre are former
members of the Hospitalers, the Teu-
tonic Knights, the Templars and the
Order of St. Thomas. They sued for
recognition first in 1217 and again in
1218. Pope Honorius III, successor to
Innocent III, formalized the Knights of
Acre in a 1219 Papal Bull and granted
them the monastic rights and duties similar
to the Knights Hospitaler of St. John and the
Knights Templar. The Papacy endowed the
Knights with extensive privileges, including inde-
pendence from all spiritual and temporal authority save that
ofRome, exemption from tithes, protection from interdicts from
bishops and the right to have its own clergy, ceremonies and
cemeteries. In exchange, Rome charged the Knights with the
military protection of the souls of those traveling to the Holy

ness

Land; the sacred defense of Christendom; and the destruction of
heretics, fiends, witches, necromancers and demons.

The Knights blend a monastic life with a rigidly militaristic
one. Along with taking up arms, they take sacred vows to submit
to the Rule of the Order, maintain chastity and live in poverty
save for their arms and mounts. These vows are lifelong commit-
ments to the Church and God, and the Knights punish any
violation of their vows or their rule of law with penance,
pilgrimages, prayer and scourging. Those who maliciously break
their vows face expulsion from the order and possible excommu-
nication from the Church.

Leaving the order voluntarily isa very serious undertaking.
Only the Grand Master can permanently release a petitioner
from his vows after due consideration and thoughtful delibera-
tion. Once released, the order promptly strips the petitioner of
all rights, responsibilities, rankings, arms and mounts acquired
while with the Knights of Acre. The ex-Knight is expulsed from
the order with no chance of re-entry, although he or she is still
a loyal Christian in the eyes of the Church.

The Knights follow a strict military hierarchy. The head of
the order is the Grand Master, Gauthier de Dampiere, a grizzled
fighter. His iron will is framed in a slowly withering body. As

ORDER OF ThE POOR KNIGHTS OF The PASSION
OF ThE CROSS OF ACRE

We shall bring our swords to the fiends themselves and slay them where they stand!

Grand Master, Gauthier commands the tongues, as they're
called, which represent the order in different countries, each
speaking a slightly different language. There are eight tongues
— Provence, Auvergne, France, the Papal States, Aragon,
Castile, the Holy Roman Empire and England. Groups of
Commanders report to each tongue,

and there are from one to a dozen
mmanders per tongue. Beneath the
Commanders are field commanders,

cavalry units, heavy and light infantry
and regulars.

If the order needs to select a new
Grand Master, the Commanders of the
tongues meet in secret and vote on one
of their own. So far, there has been no
need to call this vote. But, if the order
is to continue into the future, a new
Grand Master must rise someday, and
Gauthier de Dampiere has prepared the
Knights well.

On the field, the Knights wield
whatever tools necessary, froma burning
torch to a standing army. The Knights
stockpile relics and weapons, plans and
maps, men, horses and mounts. Commanders
dispatch light infantry, heavy infantry and cav-
alry units into the heart of darkness. The Knights show

no mercy to their sworn enemies, as their enemies certainly
show them no quarter.

OuTLOOKS

The Fight: The quest to fight against the hordes
of evil is not just to protect the Holy Land or the
pilgrimages, but to protect all of Christendom itself!

The Adversary: The fiends infect every walk of
life, burrowing into the most sacred of institutions.
They must be destroyed using any means necessary.

The Flock: The innocents must be protected,
and those who fall to the sword are mourned.

The Red Order: Our Red Brothers can find the
light of knowledge nearly. anywhere, but often forget
that staring too long at any light eventually blinds.

Sisters of St. John: Meditation and peace are
good and wise — when the war is over and the blood
of the fiends stains the battlefields.

The House of Murnau: They can sense evil and
that is fine, but what matters is if they conquer and
destroy that evil with weapons of justice.

Oculi Dei: The Eyes are cowards who slink and
hide in their caves. They stand around with their quills
in their hands while the real men do the work of God.


prey rack

rt

The order is not quite as eager to die for God as it is to kill is alone without any contact from his order, he assumes the
His enemies. One should stand after a battle rather than die on _ ranking officer in the field is himself.

one'ssword, soone can battle again (although the Knights praise Holdings: The Knights of Acre (as an order, not individu-
glorious deaths in the service to the order). They don't believe ally, of course) own manors, mansions, hospitals, monasteries
any of their number will die of old age, but they do believe the and plots of land across Europe and the Kingdom of Jerusalem
Knight's sacred duty is to take into death as many heretics and — Most castles hold only about fifty men. The manors hold
villains with him as possible. The Knights' burial grounds — considerably fewer.

overflow with the bodies of those who engaged the enemy and Their most important holding is the Fortress of the Cross

fell—while their monasteriesharborKnightseager tocontinue i Cyprus, a highly fortified military stronghold near Nicosia.

The order believes the shard of the True Cross is in a golden
Appearance: The Knightsof Acredonawhitemantlewith  reliquary beneath the altar in the main chapel. To honor the

abroken red cross. In times of war or battle, the Knights shard, the Knights hold the ceremony of the Adoration of

wear a white surcoat with the broken, the Cross on Good Friday

red cross over their armor.

They commonly ride

white horses.

the fight.

Other important holdings include
the De Chateau Au-dessus of Poitiers

in France and the Fortress of the
" Saints in Augsburg, as well as
the ones listed in Chapter

Two.

» Superior Virtue:

Initiation: A
common method of
entry into the order is
through already being
a prominent knight of
another military order
(see p. 75). Already
provenonthefield, these

The
Knights are blessed with
Investitures. They can draw upon their internal re-
serves with great effect to bolster their strength, bring

individuals pass through a
quick and secret initiation poses bemind, heighten' thetr'speed Gr'evens heal
ceremony andenter the order
on the fast track to promotion

within the ranks.

wounds.
Curse: The Knights of Acre suffer un-
der Interdictions, which restrict their

Others lay dreaming offighting actions. The most important vow is

Satan's minions. These members must

prove themselves on the field of battle
against a known enemy, where they take
the title of Man-at-Arms.
After distinguishing
themselves, they submit
toanelaborateinitiation pro-
cess where they take their

that of strict adherence and loyalty to
the Order, followed by their vows of
chastity and of poverty. Other
aspects of the vow include ab-
stention, fasting, silence and
prayer.
Order Benefit: The
Knights of Acre have the great-

vows, swear to the service er
est stockpiles of holy relics in

of Christ and relinquish a <
t Christendom. Some accuse them

all possessions.
I of being downright fetishistic about

Organization: The
lowest levelofthe Knights
of Acre is the Man-at-Arms.
Considered light infantry, these
support troops maintain mounts and
arms and they fight on the very front lines of
battle. The most common level is the Knight,

their trinkets, but others note the
effectiveness of an anointed
blade on the flesh of a de-
mon and let the
matter lie. If the
player chooses the or-
der benefit for a KnightofAcrecharacter,
she receives three free points in the Holy Relics
Background.

Order Drawback: The Knights of Acre do not
issue their prized relics to just anyone. Any Knight
character who carries a holy relic is held to a higher
standard of behavior than his fellow. In game terms,

theplayermustcheck forlossofPietyasifthecharacter's
rating were one point higher than it actually is.

Character Creation: The Knights often have very

military concepts. The Gallant Nature and Vanity Im-

puleoftenrulethem. Physicalattributesareusually primary,

as are Skills. Knights commonly have Allies, Mentor and

Status as their Backgrounds. Their primary Virtue is Courage.

warriors who move in ones or twos (or with a
cell), hunting fiends across greater Europe. The
order assigns Knights arms, armor, horses and men.
Knights can take shelter in any of the order's many
manors, mansions, hospitals and holdings.
Distinguished members are promoted to cavalry,
then to field commanders and, later, to Commander.
Commanders lead anywhere from a handful of Knights to
entite field armies. A' Commander'of aitongue might:con#
ceivably ascend to become Grand Master once the current
Grand Master passes on.
al body of the order
cer. If the Knight

Knights farremoved from the cent

report to the nearest, highest ranking of


la \ iy
ayy

yee

Tyee

ChE RED ORDER

The knowledge is at the tips of our fingers! What law tells us that we cannot use the

knowledge of Hell against its minions?

Theodosius wasbom toarich Greek
family in AD 812, into the heresy of
Manichaeism. He spent his youth idly
readingpassages from Greek philosophers,
the teachings of the Gnostics, the works of
alchemy and the depths of natural sci-
As a young man, he traveled the
world, collectingrare tomes, meeting with
imams in Syria and searching for the lost
works of Hermes Trismegistus in Alexan-
dria. Hedabbled in all manner ofheretical
thought, as well as pantheism, Buddhism
and Islam.

ence

Weary of years of travel and find-
ing no answers to the questions burning
in his soul, Theodosius traveled to
Rome. There, he reportedly experi-
enced the stigmata, fought with a
powerful vampire rumored to be hiding
in the catacombs beneath the city and
underwenta conversion to orthodox Ca-
tholicism at the feet of the Pope. His
pursuits led him into temptation and into
clashes with darker powers, and he recog-
nized the need forthe strict rigor of monastic life
to keep his mind clear and his soul pure as he
researched forbidden subjects. Soon, he gathered fol-
lowers in Rome. His passion for research had made him
famous, and his conversion brought European scholars into his fold

The order got off to a rocky start. Although established by a Papa
Bull by Pope Benedict III, declaring the creation of the Order of St
Theodosius of the Abbey of St. Denis, later known as the Red Order,
their charter was nearly revoked by Pope Honorius for heresy and
witchcraft. During a petition to re-establish an Abbey, their past came
to light, complete with the sordid details of various accusations of sorcery
by high Church officials. The order persevered with a combination of
politicsandacareful presentation of theevidence against the charges, but
the Church remains wary of their continued existence. St. Theodosius
died in 871, but he left behind a treasure trove of journals, research,
writingsand thoughts that make the backbone of the order. Some say the
blessed saint tainted his works with the workings of the magi, leaving
behind hints and clues to the path of real power. Those of the Red Order
toil endlessly trying to unlock the secrets of St. Theodosius. Others claim
that there are those who succeeded, then disappeared or wandered into
some battle withadark evil theycouldnotcontrol. Mostofthe Red Order
argues that the writings are benign, simply advanced theological or
philosophical works on Socrates and Aristotle. However, the Red Order
hides the most controversial of Theodosius' works from the prying eyes
of the Church — protecting the writings from those who would misuse
them or concealing information that could damn the order?

Life within the monastic order is structured and active. The
Red Order believes normal monastic life paralyzes the mind and
dulls the senses. Instead, the members of the order engage in study,
vigorous debate, teaching and other intellectual pursuits. Research
and experimentation is highly encouraged. Alchemy is popular, as
is plumbing the depths of knowledge about the enemy: learning the
heretical faiths, studying the feeding patterns of the fiends and
memorizing demonic incantations. Anything that is not expressly
maleficium is permissible to the Red Order. Some would call this
research heresy in itself, nullifying the sanctity of a Holy Order, but
the order doesn't let the details slip out too often. Besides, the Red

Order refers to this sort of research as
"learning the tools of the enemy."
Because these studies can easily
lead a good Brother or Sister into
temptation, the order demands rigid
codes of conduct among its members.
The order toils under the Rule of St
Theodosius, written after the blessed
saint's long life of trav
tion. Most of the Rule addresses
personal conduct, outlining the need
for humility, subservience to one's su-
periors, the reverence for God and
prayer, the distribution of possessions
and the requirement that all research
be "good works." The remainder of the
Rule outlines penalties if a Brother or
Sister should fall from Grace and en-
gage in heretical acts themselves. The
penalties are largely penance and
prayer, although expulsion is reserved
for the most heinous of crimes. Many
whisper of the fallen Brothers and Sisters
who have strayed from the Rule of St
Theodosius and succumbed to the allure of
black ritual magic.

| and observa-

Levied against the order is a strict warning,
however: No research or experimentation is to occur outside the
hallowed walls of the Abbey, upon pain of expulsion and excommunica-
tion. The rule is based on the tale of one Everard of Gascony who, a
century before, pushed the will of God too far. He hid his research in a
mountainside cave in the Pyrenees and dragged good Brothers and Sisters
with him. In their curiosity, they, too, began to practice sorcery in secret,
They were no longer good Christians, but a cult, and whatever they
summoned rained down etemal damnation and pain upon the entire
monastery, obliterating it entirely. None survived.

OUTLOOKS

The Fight: The philosophy is simple: Use all the tools
available to defeat the enemy, even if those tools are the enemy's
tools and those weapons are the enemy's weapons.

The Adversary: The enemy is intelligent, well armed and
hasadiverse set of weapons. Learning about these weapons is the
only way to victory.

The Flock: What can we glean from the pattern of the
wounds and the positions of the bodies of the fallen? Perhaps our
prey has a method to its attacks and a cycle to its need for flesh?

The Knights of Acre: Staunch warriors who are sadly
ignorant of the real weapons they can bring to bear in the fight.

Sisters of St. John: Our sisters in battle who learned
internal strength yet squandered it on unholy visions.

The House of Murnau: The can smell evil, in their own
strange way — possibly, once we study this strange ability, we-
can duplicate it for ourselves and dismiss this cursed House
altogether. as

Oculi Dei: They collect vast volumes of data and knowl-
edge that they hoard, not share.


PX

Word of the incident swiftly circulated among the nearby villages.
The incident could nothe concealed — it leftbehind too many witnesses
and too many bodies. The Red Order was saved by the fast actions of
Abbot Gualhard de Mozencs of Toulouse, who burned the offending
materials and enforced the Rule of St. Theodosius. While the order's
charter was not revoked —due, in nosmall part, to the politicking of the

good abbot and his connections to Pope Alexander Ill — people 8 a
approach membersofthe Red Order with suspicion, asiftheymightgrow Scriptures, philosophy or the occult sciences. A Doctor of Theology isan

fangsand begin recitingdemonic incantationsatany moment. Ifonefell, __ @¢complished researcher or theologian, able to lecture in depth on various
they could all fal occult subjects
Holdings: The Red Order's largest abbey is the Monastery 0
Laurendine in Toulouse. The monastery houses the order'
greatest library in three spiraling towers. More than 300
members of the order live within its walls.

alone. Within the Red Order, there is no rigid organization per se,
although priors and prioresses are elected once a year from the members
The Red Order does award degrees for teachers. Most teache
receive the title of Bachelor of Theology. They are masters of minor
subjects, such as Latin grammar. Masters of Theology direct severa
Bachelors and master more complicated subjects, such as the Holy

The Order's deepest secret — that their most beloved members
suffer from the stigmata — was an effective bargaining chip with the
Papacy during their deepest times of need. Bearing the wounds of
Christis, according to Church doctrine, asign of grace bestowed

only upon the most devout of the faithful. At any time, the They also hold the Convent of St. Scholastica in
order could be disbanded by a single act of the Pope, but the Rome, a building tended by Red Sisters. Inside the building
blood of Christ holds his hand at bay, time and again. is another large library and the holy body and relics of St]

Theodosius. Legend states that touching the sacred relics of
St. Theodosius momentarily gives a petitioner a glimpsd
into the mind of the Adversary.

Academicsgreatly admire the order, although they
speak about it only in hushed tones. Rumor has it that
members of the order can call down both miracles

from God and great evils from Satan. Superior Virtue: Wisdom

The appearance of their red robes Blessings: The Red Order is exceptionally gifted
causes both a rush of excitement and in its manipulation of the Holy Art. Its signature

fear. Some members of the Church . path, Boni Spiritus, allows fora wide range of effects]

and the intellectual elite wonder including holding demons at bay and even call-

whether the Red Order has a } ing down the judgment of Heaven.

grander plan — a melding with Curse: Members from the Order of St]
evil, perhaps, or a parallel, more Theodosius suffer from the stigmata. Thei

secret war, wherein they manipu- palms bleed, their backs ache as if from
late the Church for their own plans. , . lashings and their foreheads sting from|
Some niggling evidence of mutiny against invisible thoms. Fora rare few, ahorible|
the Church came to light — lately, several seeping gash opens in their side

Doctors of Theology, well respected in Order Benefit: Some Theodosians|
their fields, were caught manipulating a have been allowed to study truly hereti4
Bishop of a small diocese irr Gascony for cal and malevolent texts, culled from]
his influence over Church politics. Inter- the libraries of unrepentant hereticsand
estingly enough, this diocese was close to demon worshipers. While this has the}
the site of the abbey destroyed by Brother unpleasant effect of tempting the Red]
Everard. Although these men were sum- Brother or Sister toward heresy and cor+
marily disciplined by the order, the tuption (see below), it also gives the}
Church wonders how many more of inquisitor knowledge — and therefore}
its middle- and high-ranking offi- power. Ingameterms, thecharacter'sleam4
cials have become puppets for the ing on the subject of heresy and demons

Red Order's elite. , grants three free dots in the Exposure Back-
Appearance: The Brothers of the ground. Players and Storytellers both should

Red Order attire themselves in red q remember, however, thatthisinformationisculled

robes, garbedwithablack leather girdle. from books, not firsthand experience. Therefore,

The Sisters wearred habitsgarbed with the character might be quite surprised when 4

asilver belt and a rosary creature doesn't behave the way the books
Initiation: TheRuleofSt. Theodosius portrayed it.

outlines the initiation of young boys and girls Order Drawback: Readingthe Devil's
into the Red Order. Elder members of the literature takes its toll on the sanity of the}
order sponsor boysand girls, who then partici- readerandtemprshimdowndarkpaths
pate in rigorous intellectual, physical and a Theodosians who study forbidden!

theological training. Their first year is a trial Ps lorefindresistingtheirbaseurges
period. They may work inthefieldandserve _, ‘ more difficult. The difficulty}
under elders, but the order has the right to f 2 avoid acting on Impul:

dismiss them for any infraction at any time. ; Y  whileCallousisconsideredone|

Members may be taken in as young as higher for these characters.
age 12 if they show proper amount of intellec- Character Creation: The
tual promise. Children whobecome novitiates Red Ordertend toward highly intel

re trained in languages, philosophy, writing lectual concepts. The Primary
and theological thought. The Red Order ‘Attribute category is normally Mental,
prefers to "get them young," knowing it is a as are Knowledges. Theodosians often!
harder to teach an adult the fundamentals of ) : have an Autocrat Nature and a Domi
literacy then it isa child nance Impulse. Backgrounds include Mentor]

Organization: The Red Order does not have a titular head; Chapter-House and Status. Their primary Virtue
individualnon-Red Orderabbeysandcloistersreport toCardinal Marzone Self-Control.

y

SISTERS OF $C. JOHN

I see in my minds eye that on the turning of the leaves and the redness of the moon the hand of
God shall reach down through His faithful and smite the unbelievers dead with swords of flame!

The first confirmed treatise on the
Sisters of St. John occurred in 1217, when
Sister Teresa, an acclaimed Iberian seer,
petitioned Rome for the establishment of a
new women's order. With the help of Orto
von Murnauand Cardinal Ugolino, she was
able to gain recognition for the order. The
Vatican granted Sister Teresa a formal con-
ventand hospital in Tyre. There, the Sisters
took up the laws of St. Augustine, they
recited the Divine Office according to the
Rite of the Holy Sepulchre, lived in austere

cells and spent time in deep meditation
upon the grace of God. Although the origi-
nal hospital was in poor repair, through hard
work they prospered. The order enjoyed great
success and popularity for its efforts in the Holy
Land, especially supportingandhealing the troops
fighting the Fourth Crusade.

The nuns stayed at their hospital in Tyre for seven
years, until Saracens destroyed this first convent in 1222. The
nuns migrated west. Within ten years, they established convents in
Castile, France, the Italian peninsula and Germany

The life of the Sisters of St. John focuses on prayer. Sistersengage
in meditation by concentrating on the mysteries of God and joining
others for choir during the daily recitation of prayer. They fast,
maintain codes of silence unless they are chanting the Divine Office,
live in the strictest of cells and meditate for long periods.

This lifestyle helps to keep their visions away — violent,
random, intensely personal visions which start simply by touchingan
object, seeing a painting, or remembering a warm summer day. They
touch a sword and see the faces of victims as it was thrust into soft
bodies. Standing in a graveyard reveals parade of ghosts — past and
future. They touchasimple iron pegand witness, in vivid detail, itsuse
asan instrument of horrific torture. The more evil they see, the more
they remember. The visions crawl through their minds like a long-
decayed demon from their nightmares.

Their austere lives give them control over what they see, what
they think and what they do. The worst stays at bay. Meditation and
faith give the visions a veneer of predictability and help remove their
horrificedge. Momentsofpeace calm their mindsand reduce the pain.
Prayer focuses the visionson something more useful and pleasant than
murder, rape and burning forever in a lake of fire. Holy ground lends
them solace.

The visions are random and powerful. The sheer force and
unpredictability of the Sight terrifies young Sisters. The walls of the
convents echo with their screaming recitations of the rosary from
inside locked cells. Few younger sisters leave the walls of the convent
and fewer leave their rooms.

Yet as they grow older, Sisters feel compelled to act on the evil
they see, even at the cost of incurring unbidden visions. They know

hiding fora lifetime inaconvent will not stop the visions forever, only
for small droplets of time. They feel they can contribute more by
sharing the information in their heads than simply stopping it with
chants and prayers. Somewhere, out there, is someone with a sword

=

DARKAGESHN@UISITOR

and a will that can follow their direction and
stop the evil at their source.

These Sisters leave the safety of their
‘convent so journey inno "the:werld) where
they establish little oases of peace and holi-
ness — secret hostels and hospitals, where
they hope to heal the bodies, the minds and
the souls of those who fight the evil. The
traveling Sisters builda special brand of sanc-
tuary: the eremitic convent. These can be
established anywhere, even on a field of
battle. It requires only some form of shelter
andaSiser ofSt. John: Knights, warriocsand
nt,
For

seekers arrive at the doors of the conv

F

looking for quiet and a period of healing:
these petitioners, the Sisters attend to the
wounds of the soul, put cold compresses on the
wounds of the flesh and dispense wisdom from
their private visions — tales of family far away, or
victories yet to be won.
For a rare few, the Holy Sight turns relentlessly and
constantly violent, and noteven time ina desert convent will control
it. Some of these mad nuns succumb to the visions of evil that crawl
through theirminds, and they howl their visions toany whowilllisten.
The insane scream a jumble of half-understood sentences, yell in
forgotten tongues and prophesy the end of the world.
Appearance: Sisters garb themselves in black habits with white
hoods. They wear long ropes of rosary beads and tie their habits with

OUTLOOK:
The Fight: Until the world is cleansed of evil, there
willstill be pain and death at the hands of évil, and we will
be forced to bear witness.
The Adversary: The works of fiends disrupt the
natural path of the soul from the Earth to Heaven. Only
in stopping them can there' be true peace.

The Flock: We can see their fates, the poor dears,
as they fall to the whims of the demons of Hell. We have
a choice — we can attempt to save them once their fate *
has claimed them, or we can reach out and nurse their
souls back to health before the worst occurs.

The Knights of Acre: Godly men and women who.
pick up their swords and fight the good fight in the name
of God, Christ and all of Christendom.

The Red Order: They are named for the color of
their robes, but when I look at them, I see blood.

The House of Murnau: Those who find faith will *
triumph; those who wallow in theirtemptations will fall.

Oculi Dei: A strange batch who can never find
restful peace because they cannot share what they see
and meditate on-its worth.


prey track APs ve tag ma ited fa

asilver cord. They often wear black gloves. Many Sisters of St. John Holdings: The Sisters of St. John have holdings across France,
go barefoot, Iberia and the Holy Roman Empire. Their main chapter-house is the

Initiation: Women expressing interest in joining the order Abbey of the Blessed St. John the Evangelist, located near Sister
submittoan inquiry into theirbackgroundand theirparentage. Ifthey _ Teresa's home just outside Madrid. The body of St. Teresa is interred
A special master is here in the main chapel.

prove acceptable, they enter the order
assigned to the novice to guide her and teach her the prayers of the Theyalso maintain the important desert convent, the Convent
Divine Office. After a probationary year, other members of the order of the Holy Mother, for pure meditation and discussion on the nature

novice:

vote on the novitiate for admission. Those who fail are dismissed. of God, in Aix-la-Chapelle. Many greatknightsand kings, weary from
ster takes her vows, chooses a holy name, __ the battles of the Crusades, among themselves, or with fiends, travel

After acceptance, the §

enters the convent and becomes a true Sister of St. John. a great distance to cloister themselves with the Sisters here and
Organization: The SistersofSt. John maintaina very loose order meditate away their sins.

amongtheirnumbersand between theirconvents. All nunsbegin Superior Virtue: Faith

their careers as novices. Later, they become Sisters. Most nuns Blessings: The SistersofSt. Johnare touched by

stay Sisters throughout their careers. One Sister is elected as the Word of the Lord. They make use of
Mother Superior per conventand she oversees day-to-day powerful Psalms in their crusade against the

business and metes out menial work to the Sisters. Adversary.

Curse: In meditatingon thenature of
Godand the wordsofChrist, Sisters' minds

wander to the Last Judgment. They are
treated to torturous Visitations of death,
judgment, burning flames, tortures and
the demons of hell. Once the visions start,

they cannot easily be stopped and so come
unbidden toa Sister at all times of the day.

Order Benefit: Many Sisters of St. John

receive divine visions. These visions always have

a trigger of some kind — some Sisters see visions

upon touching a subject, some merely upon sight, some

upon making the sign of the cross over a given target and

others see their revelations in dreams. These visions are rarely

pleasant and may be precognitive (showing events yet tocome)

or postcognitive (showing the past). The Storyteller is encouraged

to decide when these visions occur and exactly what information
they impart. Ifa character wishes to induce a vision, the player must
spenda point of Willpower and roll Perception + Empathy (difficulty
variesbased on howstrong the emotional impressionsof the target are;
see the, Auspex power Spirit's Touch on p. 177 of Dark Ages:
Vampire). Success indicates the Sister receives a vision, varying in

intensity and usefulness by the number of successes rolled. A failure
imparts no information; a botch triggers the order's drawback (see
below).

Order Drawback: Not all — in fact, not even most — of
the visions that the Sisters receive are benevolent. Most of the
time, the Sisters see blood, death and apocalyptic horror, even
when the visions are informative. In game terms, any time a
Sister receives a vision of something particularly horrible or tries
to induce a vision and botches, the player must roll Courage
(difficulty 7). Success on this roll indicates the character is
unhurt, merely shake
fails, the unfortunate Sister loses a point of Willpower out of

by the strength of her vision. If the roll

sheerhorroranda botched roll strips the character ofa pointeach
of Willpower and Conviction.

Character Creatios
innate talent
Penitent Nature that sometimes becomes the Masochism Im-

The Sisters of St. John rely on their

and their giving personalities. They often have a

pulse. Social Attributesand Talentsare usually primary.Common
Backgrounds include Allies, Chapter-House and Flock. Most
Sisters have high Self-Control ratings.

~
ara
ION: Seae ba |

Git

In AD 1117, Giinter of Murnau
encountered a new kind of evil in the
forests just north of Toulouse during a
pilgrimage toa well-known church. The
fiend hunted Giinter for some days. By
the light of the moon on October 15th,
Giinter trapped the deranged creature in
its lair and treated it to the blade of his
sword. The letters back to the family
afterward from Giinter were not filled
with horror. They were, instead, filled
witharatherupbeat message. "Ourknowl-

eddee lial noe come to naught." wron
(Giruec. "Instead, itahall beused soainst
the fiend's own dark works, for the glory
of God." From that day forward, the
mission of the House of Murnau — for
those worthy of the honor — was to face

the terrors of the night.

Ever since Giinter, members of the
House have followed his example, huntingand
killing fiends whenever they find them, even if it
cost their sanity. They claim they their sensitivity to

the corruption in others drives them to the hunt. They can
see it in the eyes of corrupt military officials, bribed Cardinals and
fallennobility. As House membersapproacha foe, theirheads pound,
their vision blurs, and they know instinctively that evil lurks ahead.
They are compelled to dismantle it, or else live with the evil forever.
They prefer to live without it

There is something else in Murnau blood, too, and it compels
them just as strongly: A streak of unexplained strangeness. Some
House members attract followers. Others attract sudden, unwanted
influence. Some fall into sudden money, only to find out that it came
from explicitly evil sources. Some suddenly find themselves stripped
ofall power, wanderingin the woodsalone, forno reason whatsoever.

All ble streaks of bad luck

perience random and te1

Worse, more than a few House members draw large groups of
enemies, both human and diabolical. They attract the machinations
and plots of evil from hundreds of miles around. Fiends seem drawn
to the members of the House of Mumau like moths to a flame.

The members of House Mui
the curse: Their heightened senses tell them instantly who is corrupt
andwhoisnot—an incalculable advantage when dealing with shifty
enemies, blackest fiends and the plots of the damned. Rumors claim
that members of the House of Murnau can smell evil from a dozen
leagues away, even on each other.

au have one advantage against

Compelled by their sensitivity, their enemies and their need to
cleanse the world, some House members dedicate themselves to
lifelongservice tothe Church. There, they reaffirm their faith inGod
and believe there is more behind their gift and their curse than mere
blood. Possibly, it is a gift from Christ himself, and one to use for a
greater good.

Those Mumau who do not join the Church venture out in the
world alone. They lift their swords and stride forth, hoping to destroy
some of the evil they sense islurking in the forestsbefore their bad luck
catches up with them. Often, they find themselves walking the same

ChE HOUSE OF MURNAU

Do you not smell that? That horrible, sickening, smell of...oh. It's probably nothing.

pathsastheircousinsofthecloth. Those
who are lucky enough to survive con-
sider themselves
those who choose the Church — they
are freer, they say, to pursue the path of
righteousness than those hemmed in by
the rules and laws of the faith. Those
who take holy vows disagree, sometimes
vehemently.

The few who keep to their family

lands tend to fierce and nigh-constant
political battles at home. Deep in the
Holy Roman Empire, ambitions catch
the House of Murnau between kings,
powerful nobility, bishops, cardinalsand
anyone lusting for power. House mem-
bers, menand women, develop into wily
politicians and bureaucrats. They trade
in connections and knowledge, and they
broker power to the highest bidder. They
make themselves indispensable advisors,
pointing out to an employer who is a true ally
and who is really an enemy.

The most famoushouse memberis Leopold of Murnau,
aDominican monk of no small accomplishments. An older man, he

OuTLooks

The Fight: We have been given this great gift to
detect evil. Itisourdestiny, handed down from Heaven,
to take up arms and fight against the legions of Hell.

The Adversary: The adversary cannot hide from
our cunning senses, our keen intellects or our sharp
swords, for we are of the House of Murnau and our
blood is stronger than any force from Hell!

The Flock: The peasants are an unfortunate
casualty in this war. They neither know what is hap-
pening nor why, and were we to inform them, they
would only panic.

The Knights of Acre: A fine but rather intense
group of men whose propensity for rushing into battle
headlong without knowing the extent of the evil often
results in more dead Knights than dead demons.

The Red Order: We do not smell the odor of
corruption on them nearly as often as others would
think. But virtue has its own scent, and that one is
conspicuously absent from the Theodosians as well.

Sisters of St. John: An odd complement to our
ownsenses— they cansee evil, and wecan feel it. They
confirm exactly what we know — demons stalk the
land,.and the world will end if we don't do something
about it.

Oculi Dei: Yes, they watch, but wouldn't their
ier if they simply knew who was corrupt and
who was not? x


VS we ek m
F rachd Ant

committed hislife to the works of God and furthering the Inquisition.
He is zealous, faithful and fearless before the enemy. Leopold gained
notoriety as a writer, a theologian and the brother of the head of a
wealthy family. He brought great honor to the House.

Through Leopold'sinfluence (andhisnephewOtto'simpulsive
offer), the House of Murnau staffs the secret Inquisition with its own
progeny, both lay and of the cloth. The family's desire to confront
corruption drives its members to work against the evil infecting
Christendom. The Inquisition finds their ability to ferret out evil
highly helpful, but sometimes slightly annoying, as occasionally they
detect corruption in the most inconvenient of places within the
Inquisition itself.

Appearance: The crest of the House isa pair of arms supporting
a cross bracketed by two horizontal silver bars against a purple
background. It decorates their shields, tabards and other such
trappings. Only the head of the House bears the coat of arms as
banner. House members in knightly orders or who take up arms wear
the coat of arms as a badge on their tabard.

Women wear dresses
ofsilver,purpleandblack.
Men dress according to
theirstation. Mumau who

belongtoholyordersdress
as mandated. Many also
often have red hair and
blue eyes: Twins are very
common in the Mumau family.
Initiation: Members of the House of
Murauwhoalsoservethe Inquisition might
be full-blooded Murnau (in which case
they often evince the house curse), those
related only by marriage or servants of
the House (the latter of whom do not
suffer the curse and the better for
them). Not everyone involved with
the House of Murnau serves the In-

quisition, however. Whetheragiven
Mumau entersthefightornot depends

on her life experience; if she runs afoul of

demons or other supernatural strangeness,
she is probably inducted into the Inquisi-
tion in short order. The Mumau curse all
but assures that full-blooded members suf
fer such encounters...

Organization: The eldest member
ofthe family heads the House, who takes
the title of count. Currently, the head is
Frederickof Mumau,amiddle-agedman
hardened by a lifetime of familial bicker-
ing.

The head changes frequently due to
intra-family politicsand the occasional "ac-
cident." Belowthehead, the House organizes
itself like a family: Those of direct blood
relation to the head command the most

power, including grown children and sib-

lings. Following direct blood relations ‘are
those who are married into the main line:
Spouses, sons-in-law, daughters-in-law. Fi-
nally come the cousins and family members
removed by marriz

Sr Qe
‘ yl a Ey gee -CHAPTERTHREE- sf Bd i
if Sa  THEMIND OF THE INQUISITION - F—————

. os Le
if Cay elitia ee

Holdings: Castle Murnau has stood for nearly 300 years in a
dense forest in Bavaria outside the county. The vast, rambling, cold
stone fortress protects the family from their sundry enemies and
itinerant worshipers. Outside the main fortress, the family maintains

a vast array of summer cottages, winter havens and whatever other
comforts their money and influence can buy.

The family also holds a second manor in the Piedmont outside
Saluzzo. Farther away from the Patrimony of Rome, this smaller
home basesitsin theshadowof the A lps. Family members out offavor
with the current head of the family often find themselveslivingin the
Piedmont.

Superior Virtue: Any (player's choice)

Blessings: The curse of House Murnau has its beneficial side.
The members of the House have learned to control various aspects

of their arcane heritage, known collectively as Legacies.

Curse: Membersofthe Houseof Murmausufferfrom Maledictio.
Members of the House of Murnau are afflicted by strange curses and
long runsof very bad luck. This can include anything from stumbling
over every stone on a road, to having saint cults

spontaneously manifest and worship the House

member in question. Typically, the curse draws the
unwanted attention of fiends to the House mem-
ber.

Order Benefit: Members of House
Murnau who do not exhibit the family curse,
for whatever reason (be itthat they married
into the family or that they serve the
family in some capacity and bear no

actual relation by blood or mar-
age), still enjoy the benefits of
being attached toa noble house.
Suchcharactershave

three free dots to di-
vide among the
Allies, Resources and

Flock Backgrounds.
Order Drawback:
Pledgingservicetothecuned
house, or worse yet, marrying
into it, is not without risks.
God, evidently, greets such
things with increased risk of
Hisdisfavor. Playerswhochoose
the order benefit (rather than an
Endowment) for their Murnau
charactersadd one torollsfor
acquiring new Curses (see

p. 202).
Character Cre-
ation: Murnau

characters uphold the honor of
the House aboveall else. Defender
is a common Nature (and carries
with it the Conservatism Im-
pulse). Social Attributes are
often primary, and Skills are
usually their primary Abili-
ties. Backgrounds include
Exposure, Statusand Influence.


Once, the Sword of St. James had a
ious weakness. Most of their number,

save founder Rodrigue de Navarre, had
never laid eyes on a fiend, letalone done
battle with one. Although ze
their wish to fight the enemy, they were
a walking blind spot. Woefully unpre-
pared, the
afteraconflict between theirfounderand
the vampire Xalbador. The encounter
left Rodrigue de Navarre scarred and

vord was almost destroyed

paranoid, the Sword scattered.

Shaken to his faith by the en-
counter with the fiend and convinced
of a dark conspiracy across Europe,
Rodrigue needed a group he could
depend on, one who could watch for
him, and, most importantly, one who
would believe him. From the most faithful
andloyaloftheSwordofSt. James,
formed the Oculi Dei. Their mission is to
discover the lairs of the fiends, observe the
feeding patterns, map their holdings, track down

odrigue

their pawns and return with this information. Once
they amassclearand ample evidence, their superiors grant the
authorization to bum and kill.

The Eyes of God were originally a secret, intemal wing of the
Sword of St. James, a lay group of men and women dedicated to the
eradication ofthe infernal atthe bladesof theirswords.Secretmembers
ofthe Oculiare sometimes publicly members of the Sword of St. James.
Regardless, they never reveal their real allegiance.

The Sword of St. James and other militant groups destroy fiends
in their lairs, ride into history as heroes and claim the purity of the soul
of Christendom. The Oculi are in a more tenuous and important
position. They leam all they can about this so-called dark conspiracy
in Europe. They chart, they plan and they watch. They feed off their
own personal paranoia, obsessively take notes and prepare for the kill.
They root out the truth and find the center of the evil conspiracy

The Oculi Dei note every coming and going of every official in
every city in which they are stationed. They plot out the daily habits
of political and religious rituals. They watch the marketplace. They
observe the military. They take note of every detail,every man, woman
and child. The Eyes are experts at picking up the most minor nuances
in changes in routine. They know those changes may lead directly to
the heart of the beast

Inside their hidden lodges and sanctuaries, their hidden meeting
places and roadhouses in the forests, their mountain caves and their
dusty rooms, the Oculi build vast altars of notes, tomes and references
to their bleak obsessions. These alcoves are more than just meetir
places, safe houses and storage depots. They are shrines to the Eyes
ever-vigilant quest against the darkness. Somewhere in these piles of
moldy parchmentand foul-smelling books are the comings and goings
of the fiends, charted in minute detail. If someone could just sit down

vee q tf
OCULI DEI

We cannot reveal what we know until all the facts are in, no matter how many might die

in the meantime. God understands.

and process it all, maybe, just maybe,
the dark conspiracy could be revealed.
Many Eyes are frustrated by the
unbalanced ratio of researching to act-
ing. They'd rather act on the
information they have instead of wait-
ing. Clearly, the fiends are near and
oblivious, and it would be a simple
matter to destroy them. Their superi-
ors stay their hands, however — the
Eyes must be extremely careful in how
they act, when they do. If they are
caught,evenonce, theworldwillknow
they exist and their mantle of secrecy
will be removed forever. Those who
act prematurely — and are caught
are cut off from the order, returned to
the Sword of St. James (ifthey were ever
members of that group) and sometimes
removed from the society entirely.

All of the watching, studying, staring,
hiding and waiting make the Oculi Dei a
paranoid and unfriendly lot. Anyone, anywhere
could bea fiend, in on the plot. Some Eyes who cannot

balance their missions with their inner codes of ethics and

OuTLOOKs

The Fight: Thefight isawaiting game. Evilisimpatient
and foolish. Soon, the fiends will tip their hands from
overconfidence. Then, the wrath of God will fall upon them.

The Adversary: The fiends are more than mere mon-
sters that rend flesh and drink blood. They hide behind a
screen of petty evils to work outtheir great conspiracies. And
those great conspiracies link to other conspiracies. There are
thousands — nay, millions — of conspiracies, all intetcon-
necting, everywhere, crushing us all.

The Flock: It is unfortunate that those caught in the
fiend's grasp cannot be saved, but those who die provide
valuable data.

The Knights of Acre: Hot-headed simpletons who act
atthe merest hint of evil and pick off one or two of the fiends
while letting the real evil go free.

The Red Order: Pitting knowledge against evil isa fine
strategy, but'working evil against evil is itself evil.

Sisters of St. John: Their contemplation is admirable,
but their tendency to trust visions instead of evidence makes *
their conclusions suspect.

The House of Murnau: An interesting buthotheaded
family with strange temptations surrounded by even stranger
occurrences. In the few short years of our existence, we have
learned more about their curse than they themselves know.


morals become callous, cold and cruel. Many go insane. Rodrigue de Navarre himself, it is said, lost his battle with darkness. He is said to live
a paranoid existence, and rumors abound about his indulgence of every dark whim that enters his mind

Whoare the Oculi Dei, really? What do they look like? Only they themselves know. The existence of the society is unknown even to most
of the Sword of St. James. The Eyes of God can be anyone: A local bishop, a magistrate, a poor yeoman ora madman in asquare. They are anyone,
and everyone.

Appearance: The Oculi have no particular uniform, as a uniform would give them away to their enemy

Initiation: The Eyes of God are largely chosen from those close to Rodrigue de Navarre or Aignen le Libraire from among the Sword of
St. James. Few come in from the outside, simply because knowledge of the existence of the order does not extend far beyond the Eyes themselves.
Aignen has considerably more say in membership than Rodrigue, as Rodrigue de Navarre isn't quite the same man that he used to be.

Oculi may recruit from the Sword of St. James into their organization those they feel will greatly benefit their cause. Typically, new recruits
start off as informants. Later, their patron Eye indoctrinates them into the cause — taking notes, keeping dark secrets, meeting at night. If the
recruit works out, he or she may become a full Oculus. Oculi do not hold initiation ceremonie
of the organization.

new Eyes are simply acknowledged by the rest

Organization: The Oculi Dei have no formal organization. Instead, they have a loose hierarchy that reports to Aignen le Libraire -
although Rodrigue de Navarre isconvinced they report directly to him. A certain amountof prestige surrounds
those who have been members of the Oculi Dei the longest, and those with seniority are acknowledged as
superiors.

Most groups of Eyes are small, no more than a group of five in a city of moderate sized. Many
work alone, carrying out their tasks in discreet silence with no overseers or lords.

Holdings: The Oculi hold small, secret burrows in major cities from the Kingdom of
Leon all the way to the Kingdom of Hungary. Aignen le Libraire commands the order
from his base in Toulouse, which is built atop a large basement that doubles as a storage
roomand meetinghouse. They alsocongregate at the Inn of the Seven Secret Dancers
in Barcelona — the kind of place people don't ask too many questions and don't
remember too many faces.

The Oculi hold a forgotten castle outside of Augsburg in Bavaria. They store
important books and findings in a library in the westernmost tower, in hopes thata later
archivist will make the pilgrimage to the Black Forest and sort out the facts about the
fiends' plans in secret.

Superior Virtue: Wisdom

Blessings: Many of the Eyes are blessed with Benedictions. Their prayers are answered.
The Lord allows them to see the hidden, blend into the crowd and feel a comforting hand in

atime of deepest need.
Curse: The Eyes of God suffer from Anathemae. They begin to despise, then loathe
and finally fear their order. At first, they seem merely jaded — they've seen it all. Later,
they start to blame their order for their self-loathing. Finally, they believe their order
is in on the vast conspiracy, using them merely as pawns in some terrible plot.
Order Benefit: The Eyes of God see acts and decisions that most folks aren't
aware of. They know about crimes and acts that, while not the Inquisition's
purview, are still illegal or immoral in some capacity. The Oculi (and in fact the
Inquisition in general) don't possess the resources to pursue all of these
infractions, but individual Eyescan and do put their information to good use.
Thisallowsan Oculuscharacterto make use of blackmail mater anting
three free dots to be divided among the Contacts, Influence and
Resources Backgrounds. The player and the
Storyteller should work out the de-
tails of who is being blackmailed

and in what capacity.

Order Drawback: No one likes
tobe blackmailed. An Eye who makes use
of his secrets this way is a marked man. The
character is considered to have an Enemy (as the Flaw,
butthe playerreceivesno bonus points; see page 306 of Dark Ages: Vampire)
rated at three points. This enemy might not be in any position to harm the
character at the beginning of the chronicle, but things change.

Character Creation: The Eyes can have any kind of concept, but many
come from the military arm of the Sword of St. James. Many have a Pedagogue
Nature and the Fanaticism Impulse. Mental Attributes and Knowledges are
usually primary. Oculi commonly have Chapter-House, Contactsand Resources
as Backgrounds, and many have high ratings in Self-Control

a ae
ul " oe CHAPTERTHRFE: Yessy i



The crowdhadgrovon toneadyascore.

They stood and watched as Sean threw himself about the pen. The pigs were ek
dead, having been eaten months ago when the famine began, but their stink was sti
oppressive and it coated the young man like a second skin. The night air was warm and
humid, but Agnes still felt a distinct chill as she walked toward the pen.

"He's possessed," whispered someone nearby. Someone else muttered in agree-
ment. Agnes didn't know yet, but it certainly seemed possible. Shed heard the gossip
circulating around town — that Sean and his family were devil-worshipers, that theyd
caused the famine, that they bore the mark of the Beast on their backs. Agnes of Kent
an prepared, however, for the Lord had shown her the truth in a vision the night

efore.

In the place where our Savior cast the demon Legion, there find a soul not yet
rested.

She steppedtothe a of the pen. Sean was onall foursin the mud, screeching like
a piglet. He pulled himself up to his knees and gasped for breath. "Holy Sister! Please
help me! I'll put it back! I'll—" He pitched forward again, rolling around in the filth and
tearing at his flesh.

The curiosity of the youth damns him. Only by the power of the Lord willthe youth
be freed.

"Where is it, Sean?" Agnes spoke firmly, trying to reach the boy through the spirit.
Sean jumped to his feet and charged at the sister. She stepped back in fear and he
collided with the fence, pitching forward out of the pen. The stench followed him and
the townsfolk drew back in disgust and terror.

The fall, though, seemed to clear Sean's head somewhat. "It's here." He pulleda small,
gold ring from his pocket. Agnes reached for it, but Sean pulled it away, his face
contortedina horrific scowl. "You shall not have it! It's mine! | tookit from that thieving
bitch when | killed her!"

The onlookers gasped, but Agnes raised her hands. "It's not him talking, but the spirit
inhim!" Ratherthan try to convince them further, she clasped her hands to his face and
locked eyes with the tormented youth. "Out! | cast you out in the name of God the
Father and in the name of Christ the Savior. Leave now this boy and mesons and never
again trouble him or his people." She kept her voice firm. She was unafraid, protected
as she was by her faith. Sean began to shake, whereupon Agnes — and judging by the
fact that the townsfolk did not scream, only Agnes — saw a shape rise up from the
poor boy's body. It looked like a man, a mercenary or a highwayman, but in its belt were
tucked swatches of hair from countless women.

It pointed at Agnes and spoke words only she could hear: "I'll have your pretty hair
in my belt, little nun. Don't think the barrier between life and death will keep it from
me." Then it vanished.

Sean collapsed, panting, Agnes took the ring from his hand, and approached the
village smithy.

Gold melts, and along with it, the power of the demon.

Agnes knew she had no reason to be afraid. The wisdom of God was with her.


(hAPCER FOUR:

HARACCERS
AND DRAMA

For after the numerous, the countless trials borne patiently,
devoutly and with good results by the Blessed Dominic and the
friars who were with him in that land, true sons of such a father
shall not be wanting.

— Guillaume Pelhisson, recounting the activities of the Holy
Office in Toulouse in the 13th century

.

The Making ofan
Inquisitor

Character creation in Dark Ages: Inquisitor follows
the same basic format as in Dark Ages: Vampire, with a
few major differences. Before creating an inquisitor char-
acter, it's worth rereading Chapter Five of Dark Ages:
Vampire unless you're already extremely familiar with it,
as many of the same assumptions and methods apply.

To begin with, let's look at the character concept, the
first step in the process and probably the most important.

There are three main things to think about when creating


7s = 4 #
YY rack Age Sie nag

an Inquisitor character: The sort of life the charac-
ter has led; his particular experiences that brought
him to deep faith and the Inquisition; and his rela-
tionship with his order. These three factors define
the sort of person he is at the start of the game. Let's
look at each of them in turn.

Win Life

While the mission can sometime seemall-consum-
ing, an inquisitor is more than just a servant of the
Church and the Cross. Like every other person in the
Dark Medieval, he has some involvement with others,
be they family, friends, comrades in arms or fellow men
of the cloth. He may have had some trade or occupation
prior to his membership in the shadow Inquisition, and
those skills and contacts may well be called upon as he
pursues his new calling.

The greater the depth of background you can
give your character at this stage, the easier you will
find it to play him realistically in the chronicle itself.
The more information you have in your mind about
the sort of person he is and the experiences that have
shaped him, the better pla
would to the crises he will inevitably face. Certainly
the values, morals and ambitions that the character
had prior to his commitment to fighting Satan will
continue to influence his decisions and actions.

d you are to react

Did the character come from a poor background
or a noble one? The Dark Medieval allows far less
social mobility than we are used to today, and the
origin of the character certainly influences how
other people, including other inquisitors, react to
him. It also has a major impact on the sort of skills
that he will have been able to acquire prior to
becoming an inquisitor.

A significant proportion of inquisitors served in
the Church prior to their recruitment into the shadow
Inquisition. Facing the enemy's servants brings ter-
rible risks of corruption, among other things, and the
church prefers to employ those who are already
strong in their faith. They may have served in the
Dominican order of monks, which he
with the Inquisition, or even the Franciscan order.
While there is certainly tension between the Church
and the Franciscans, the Inquisition is pragmatic
enough to overlook this tension in favor of recruit-
ing those with the necessary skills. That same
pragmatic attitude allows it to recruit the lay breth-
ren, soldiers and merchants that make up the principal
membership of two of the Inquisition's orders. It
cannot act with the same overt methods as its Papal
cousin, the Holy Office, so it relies more on

strong links

nonclerical members who attract less attention in
society and who are less likely to be associated with
inquisition, to get the job done.

At any rate, those truly blessed by the Holy
Spirit are too rare to be turned away merely because
they lack formal church training. The requisite the-
ology and procedures can be taught once they join
the Inquisition. The twin requirements are a com-
mitted faith and the skills — or blessings — that will
make them a useful member of the organization.

Thus, an inquisitor can come from almost any
background. The important issue is to decide what
that background was and how the character came to
the point where her faith allowed her to stand
against the monsters.

Wy Savior

Faith is a constant of the Dark Medieval. In the
modern age, faith
preach tolerance of other beliefs. This is not the case
for your character. In Europe, Christianity is a near-
universal belief. While it may stand beside the remains
of pagan faiths — and the church was extremely
effective at assimilating
saints or demons — Christianity is the default belief
system for the majority of people. Indeed, deviance
from the accepted norm of Catholic belief is called
heresy, and rooting it out and destroying it is the
primary purpose of the Papal Inquisition or Holy
Office. While a certain amount of debate about the
exact meaning of the Bible i
from the norm of belief is not tolerated by Church or,
often, by society.

an option and many religions

xisting deities as either

allowed, departing

However, your character isa little different from
the mass of the population. Something has hap-
pened to her to inflame her belief in God, far beyond
what most people possess. Some might describe it as
a visit from the Holy Ghost, others as a blessing from
God Himself. Still others consider it nothing more
than having their eyes opened to the servants of the
Adversary in the world. However your character
views it, it is the single most important step in
becoming a front-line member of the Inquisition.

The process of coming alive in the belief in God
may have been a sudden revelation or a slow process.
A confrontation with a demonic creature may have
made your character aware of the physical aspect of
the spiritual struggle between good or evil. Indeed,
just escaping with her life might be enough to make
an inquisitor-to-be come alive to God. Alterna-
tively, she might have become aware of a creature of
Satan that had infiltrated the court or the church,


making her realize the very real nature of good versus
evil struggling in the world.

Whatever the form of the revelation, it was a
defining moment in your character's life, and if she
wasn't already working for the Inquisition, it started
her journey toward that form of service.

However it happened, your character is aware of
the existence of God and Satan toa degree that most
other people are not. The church might be a major
part of their lives, but the day-to-day battles between
the servants of the Lord and the hidden servants of
evil are not part of their experience. Because your
character's eyes have been opened, God is able to
work through her in more powerful ways. He can
bestow blessings on His chosen servants that give
them the chance to stand up to the servants of the
Adversary.

While not all members of the Inquisition have
these blessings, your character does. She has taken
the first step in the direct service of the Lord, has a
very real sense of divine blessing and now has a

mission to pursue.

Wy Order

The Inquisition is a secret organization, hiding
its activities behind those of the Holy Office and the
Church in general. Its
crusade are not common knowledge, even to senior
clerics within the Church. Thus, few people seek out
the Inquisition to become members. Instead, the
Inquisition finds them. Senior members are con-
stantly listening for people who have shown a talent
for dispatching the servants of the Adversary, and
news of such people quickly spreads throughout the
Church. A local priest mentions it to his bishop, who
raises it in a theological discussion with a visiting
Dominican monk who has connections to the Inqui-
sition, and through a chain of whispers a decision is

xistence and the nature of its

reached.

Others are simply inducted into one of the
orders because they have skills that are badly needed
by a particular order. It is only once they have
actually joined the Inquisition that they go through
the sort of defining awareness of the evil in the night
and the spiritual revelation that it brings that they
become true warriors for God.

A very few members of the Inquisition join
almost by default: Retainers, relatives or servants of
a member of one of the orders, they are dragged into
her fight against some unredeemed servant of the
enemy and find themselves caught up in a struggle
they never imagined existed. Others are simply as-

RK AGES?INQUISITC a '

signed to the Inquisition from other parts of the
church, their piety, determination and skills such

that they are marked for this calling, possibly even by hI inquisitor is more than just a lone force
God himself. against Satan. He is one of a group of

However your character comes to the Inquisi- dedicated, faithful people all fighting the same
tion, each of the five orders has its own recruitment ght for the glory of God. They work in groups for
policies. While it is possible that a character might urvival. Few of them are granted
not fit neatly with any of the five orders, this is a rare enough Blessings to have even the slightest hope
occurrence — most individuals inducted into the of standing against a monster without help from
Inquisition find their way into one of these groups other inquisitors. The Inquisition stresses the need
readily, depending on their inclination and the for its servants to work together and to support
needs of the order. each other. Its leade

Some characters may be membets of one‘of the members are both more effective and better able to
orders prior to joining the inquisition. Whereas the vast keep one another on the right path, in the face of
majority of inquisitors are members of one of the orders, rampant heresy and Satanic horrors.
not all members of the orders are active in the Inquisi- Character creation is best done in discus-
tion. Once within an order, the character will be sion with the other players in the chronicle.
trained in the ways of the Inquisition and the particular While you don't need to give up all your
skills and outlook of that order, and so made ready for character's secrets to the other players, creating
her first mission. See the description of the orders in a group of inquisitors who can work together
Chapter Three for further details on each order's par- without major effort is probably wise. The main
ticular outlook and role in the shadow Inquisition. source of conflict in Dark Ages: Inquisitor is

Unlike the clans of Dark Ages: Vampire, the xternal: the fight against the monstrous en-
Inquisition's orders are social, financial and philo- emies of th - Inevitably, the pressures that
sophical support structures oriented toward a single come to bear on the characters as a result of that
goal: defeating the tools of the Adversary and keep- crusade will creation tension between members
ing the world safe for good, Christian folk. People of the cell.
recruited to the shadow Inquisition are chosen to One way to help cement character interac-
serve that cause and are expected to give up much, if tion and cooperation is to create a Background
not all, of their previous lives to do so. pool. This process is described on p. 157 of Dark

The order is going to be a defining part of the way Ages: Vampire, and discussed with regard to
she lives her life in the coming months and years. It Inquisitor characters below. Sharing the respon-
gives her a firm moral and theological base for sibilities that such a pool creates helps each player
launching her inquisitorial efforts, and to resist the gainasense of how her character fits into the group
blandishments of the enemy. and what her role therein encompasses.

The major struggle in the inquisitor's life should be All of this is not to say that there can't be
with the enemy, not with the ordershe serves. Without  [MRRSESROMCISSECSN TS Ta aa Tamarac cee
the backing and support of her order, the inquisitor is Indeed, if the inquisitors come from different
alone ina struggle few know about and whose existence such disagreements are likely and mak
the church as a whole is reluctant to admit. for good roleplaying opportunities. The key idea

ss . is to create a group that, while it may disagree
Thinking Medieval ver issues of approach, will still pull together in

sy o A fa cre: re fri e Pj 7 p |
To modern sensibilities, the focus of the Inqui- of a creature from the Pit of Hell.

sition on the God versus Satan battle as being the
defining heart of a struggle of good versus evil can God is what gives them the strength to fight the
seem odd or even uncomfortable. More importantly, supernatural.

the concept that "anything that isn't our way is Nevertheless, atheists and pagans exist in the

automatically of Satan" can seem alien and possibly

period in small numbers (but the latter group is much
larger than the former). However, people with those
beliefs are not going to be members of the Inquisi-
tion. The 13th century isa time of ruthless suppression

abhorrent. However, it's important to remember
that this mindset was prevalent in the 13th century,
and that inquisitors have good reason to be more
keenly aware of it than other people. Their belief in

———— CHAPTER FOUR. «
it : __- CHARACTERS AND DRAMA -_


of heresy at the hands of the Holy Office. The
Inquisition, which has to face the very servants of
Satan, has no choice but to be rigorous in policing its
own ranks to keep them free from the taint of here:
While encounters to come may test your chai
faith sorely, as the game begins she should be a
committed Christian, believing sincerely in the power
of the Holy Ghost. After all, she has seen, and
perhaps felt, the powers of those touched by His
spirit to overcome the forces of evil.

cter's

It's also worth reiterating that liberal attitudes
on faith are virtually nonexistent. If an inquisitor
encounters someone espousing a non-Christian faith,
she is not going to view the unbeliever as exploring
an alternative form of spirituality with as much right
to exist as her own. Instead, she sees a heretic or
pagan, damning himself to Hell and running the risk
of corrupting others with his Satan-inspired lies —
and that means the unbeliever is better off dead.

The Dark Medieval is not a time of religious
tolerance, but that is part of the strength of the Inqui-
sition. It's that very strong, focused faith that gives
inquisitors the ability to resist the enemy's powers.

Sive StepsonYors Fath

Now that you have a clear concept of the char-
acter, the next step is to start translating it into dots
on the character sheet.

Feeliminacy Assumptions

Many of the same assumptions that apply to
Dark Ages: Vampire also apply here. However, a
few major points are worth noting.

¢ Experience. The default character in Dark
Ages: Inquisitor is someone who has just come alive
to the power of his belief and been granted the first
of his blessings by God. He has been with the
Inquisition for a number of months, during which
time he has undergone some training in the group's
practices. He is already inducted into his order and
should be aware of its basic requirements and tenets.

The character can be of any age and background.
The determination to destroy or redeem the minions
of Satan is the only common thread that runs through
all inquisitors.

¢ Teamwork. Characters in a Dark Ages: In-
quisitor chronicle have been put together as a cell
because their superiors consider them to have comple-
mentary sets of skills that will make them effective
agents of the church, as discussed above. It's impor
tant, if the characters are to survive their encounters

AGA ea Mite

with night creatures, that they are able to work
together and that they have a good range of abilities.
Inquisitor characters are inherently less self-serving
than Cainites. They are true believers in God, with
all the lofty morals that the Church espouses (in
theory, if not always in practice).

In short, an inquisitor is acting for the greater
good of the church and the people of Europe. She
rarely acts purely for her own benefit — there are
many, many better ways to achieve power in the
Dark Medieval than hunting monsters. Even the
Holy Office carries more rewards and fewer risks
than that.

Step One? Oparacter Concept

If you've read through the early section of this
chapter, looking at the character, her faith and her
connection, you already have the main points of the
character decided. You don't need every single detail
worked out at this stage, as you can develop many of
the specifics later in the process, or even after the
chronicle has begun. However, some major points
need to be established now.

Order

You've probably decided on your character's
order already. If you haven't done so, go back and
read the order descriptions (in Chapter Three) and
the discussion above. Remember that the order

doesn't completely define the character's personal-
ity and actions. It merely indicates a particular
inclination in the character's approach to inquisi-
tion, plus the likely training and Endowments she
has. The order:

ions to the church; they are individuals who share a

are not collections of faceless min-

particular approach to dealing with the monstrous
enemies of the Cross.

Acchetypet Vature, Impulse and
meanor

The Archetypes are a useful shorthand for your
character's personality. Her Nature is her true person-
ality, while her Demeanor is the face that she shows the
world. Forsome characters they will be the same —they
wear their true personality openly. For others they may
be dramatically different, reflecting an effort to utter
conceal your character's true personality.

However, each of the Natures also has an Im-
pulse attached to it. These are the dangerous extremes
of that personality type, ones that the inquisitor can
be driven to in times of stress. Details of the Impulses
can be found below (p. 152).

as ee i 2 oe a
i . DARKAGESHIN@UISITOR ae ,


Onacacter Geation Summary

Chacacter Creafiori Process

¢ Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, order, Nature, Demeanor and Impulse.

© Step Two: Select Attributes

Choose primary,-secondary and tertiary categories
of Attributes. Start with 1 dot in each At-
tribute; divide 6 additional dots among primary
Attributes, 4 dors among secondary Attributes,
3 dots among tertiary Attributes.

Physical Attributes: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina

Social Attributes: Charisma, Manipulation, Appearance

Mental Attributes: Perception, Intelligence, Wits

© Step Three: Select Abilities

Choose primary, secondary and tertiary categories
of Abilities. Divide 11 dots among primary
Abilities, 7 dots among secondary Abilities, 4
dots among tertiary Abilities. :

Talents: Innate aptitudes

Skills: Learned abilities

Knowledges: Academic and intellectual lore. All in-
quisitors must have at least»Theology 1 and
Linguistics 1 (Latin) is recommended as Latin is
often the common language between inquisitors.

No Ability can have more than 3 dots at this stage.

© Step Four: Select Advantages

Take one dot in your order's primary Superior Virtue.
Choose either one Acolyte-level order Endov
ment (and one Curse) or the order benefit (and
attendant drawback). Choose one Orison. Di-
vide 5 dots among Backgrounds, 7 dotsamong the
basic Virtues.

¢ Step Five: Finishing Touches

Starting Conviction is the sum_of your character's
primary Superior Virtue and its controlling be
Virtue (Conscience + Faith, for example). Start-
ing Piety is equal to the sum of Conscience +
Self-Control. Starting Willpower is the sum of
your character's Courage + Zeal. Spend 21 bonus
points (see chart below).

Orders

The Monastic Orders

¢ Knights of Acre: Warrior inqtisitors, facing the
enemy in battle.

© Sisters of St John: Clairvoyant nuns, who protéct
the weak.

¢ The Red Order: Monks and nuns who wield the
power of Holy Rituals.

The Lay Orders

© Oculi Dei: Lay brothers and sisters wh6 gather
information about the enemy.

ic

by HAVA)

fH lee : jepair ey

© The House of Murnau: A noble family, dedicated
to seeking out and exposing Satan's corruption.

Endowments

¢ Benedictions: Divinely inspired prayers, through
which God works Hiswonders.

¢ Investitures: Channeling the powerofGod through
the irfquisiter's mortal frame.

Legacies: The odd and arcane birthrights of House
Murnau.

¢ Psalms: The Word of God, channeled through the
inquisitor's voice.

The Holy Het
© Sophia Patris: Revealing the truth through the
Lord's wisdom. F

* Sedulita
© Boni Spiritus: Drawing upon the soul's closeness
with the Spirit for protection.

Backgrounds
* Alli

© Chapter-House: A secure base of operations.

Filius: Using God's strength in battle.

: Trusted individuals who share your cause.

Sources of information.

Encounters with the enemy before
joining the Inquisition.

© Flock: Other Christians willing to'support your
cause.

© Holy Relics: Weapons and items imbued with
the power of Faith.

¢ Influence: Authority and status among ordinary
Beetle:

© Mentor: A sponsor or guide among inquisitors.

© Rank: Authority and status among other inquisi-
tors.

© Resources: Property and other sources of value.

© Retainers: Personal assistants and other ser-
vants.

Bonus Voint Costs

* Attributes: 5 bonus points per dot.

¢ Abilities: 2 bonus points per dot.

* Ability Specialties (max. three per ability): 1
bonus point each.

© Backgrounds: | bonus point per dot.

© Virtues: 2 bonus points per dot.

* Willpower: | bonus point per dot.

© Piety: 1 bonus point per dot.

© The Holy Art: 5 bonus points per dot.
Endowments and Orisons may not be purchased

with bonus points.


Step Gwoot Choosing Uttributes

This stage allows you to assign numerical values
to the character's basic capabilities. Physical At-
tributes measure your character's innate strength,
ease of movement and endurance; Social Attributes
define her ability to get on with others, to influence
them and the impact of her looks. Mental Attributes
cover her awareness of what's going on around her,
her ability to reason and the swiftness of her thought
processes. Full details are given in Chapter Five of
Dark Ages: Vampire.

Choose one category as the most important to
your character and divide 6 dots among the three
Attributes. The category that comes second re-
ceives 4 dots to be shared among the Attributes,
while the category that is least important gets 3
dots to be distributed.

Step Tee? Choosing Ubilities

There are three categories of Abilities

¢ Talents: Innate aptitudes and competen-
cies that can't be taught, only learned through
experience.

¢ Skills: Abilities that require training, practice
and use to learn.

© Knowledges: Intellectual pursuits and infor-
mation that can be learned through study.

Full descriptions of the Abilities appear in Chap-
ter Five of Dark Ages: Vampire, with some additional
ones later in this chapter (p. 154).

As with the Attributes, you must decide which
of these groups is most important to your character
and which is least important. The primary group
receives 11 dots to be distributed among them as you
see fit, the secondary group 7 dots and the tertiary
group just 3 dots. None of the Abilities can be raised
above three dots at this point. Scores of above three
dots represent exceptional levels of training and
aptitude that very few people posses. You will be
given the chance to raise some of them beyond this
limit at a later point in the character creation pro-
s, if you wish.

tone

All inquisitor characters must have at |
dot in Theology, reflecting their basic education in
the Church's most important beliefs. While Linguis
tics (Latin) isn't required, the Inquisition uses Latin
as its common language, as it doesn't change much
from region to region and is the language of the
Church. An inquisitor who doesn't understand Latin
is probably in for a difficult time.

Step sour? Select Mdvantages

This
with the things that lift the inquisitor a little above
the general mass of humanity. The backing of the
Church, the favor of God and perhaps the blessing of
an exceptional life all give that character an extra
edge in the struggle to survive and battle the Adver-
sary in the Dark Medieval.

Backgrounds

Backgrounds represent influences and advantages
acharacter can bring to bear that aren't directly related
to her capabilities as a person. Some of them represent
the patronage of the Church and some of them her
particular circumstances. You have 5 dots to spend on
the different Backgrounds. The players can pool their
dots in the following Backgrounds: Allies, Chapter-
House, Contacts, Flock, Holy Relics, Influence, Mentor,
Resources and Retainers. See Dark Ages: Vampire (p.
157) for rules on pooling Backgrounds.

tage of the character creation process deals

Some additional Backgrounds, specific to in-
quisitors, can be found later in this chapter. An
inquisitor character may not buy the following Back-
grounds: Domain, Generation, Herd and Status.
Mentor represents a more experienced inquisitor

who has taken the character under his wing. Retain-
ers are members of the character's order who have
been assigned to work for the character.

Otisons

Each character receives one Orison. These are
minor gifts from God, usually serving to reduce the
difficulty on a particular roll or aid the character in
some other small way. Orisons are based on the basic
Virtues (Conscience, Self-Control and Courage).

Order Benefit and Dravoback

You may choose to take either a Blessing appro-
priate to your character's order or that order's
benefit. Taking the order benefit simply indicates
that your character is especially involved with her
order and does not preclude obtaining Endowments
or the Holy Art in the future. However, with each
order benefit there comes an attendant drawback.
The benefit and drawback for each order are detailed
in their descriptions in Chapter Three.

Note: Full-blooded members of House Murnau
must take their order benefit (or the player should
come up with a compelling reason why the family
curse has not manifested in his character). Likewise,
servants and other non-Murnau sworn to the House

special


S le i

cannot choose the order benefit and must instead
take an appropriate Endowment.

Endowments

The proximity to God that inquisitors cultivate
in their mis
those of ordinary people. They view them as gifts of
the Holy Ghost, spiritual armor and weapons to be
used in their crusade. You may chose one Acolyte-
level Endowment from those granted to your
character's order (with the exception of the Red
Order; see below). A full list of Blessings can be
found in Chapter Five. If you choose to have
character begin with her order's benefit and draw-
back, she does not receive an Endowment as well.

The Holy Het

As well as receiving gifts directly from God,
inquisitors can call upon the Holy Art, which allows
them to petition the Holy Spirit for blessings or aid
in times of danger. See Chapter Five for full details.
Red Order characters who begin with the Holy Art
(as opposed to their order benefit) receive one dot in
any one path. Other characters may begin with Holy
Art ratings as well; House Murnau and Oculi Dei
characters must take Sophia Patris as their primary
path, Sisters of Saint John must take Boni Spiritus,
and Knights of Acre must take Sedulitas Filius. Non-
Red Order characters may begin with Holy Art paths
only if the player spends bonus points to purchase
them, and then only at the Storyteller's discretion.

Vp.

NE) jrack¢ aay

ion grants them certain abilities above

your

Curse

No one is truly innocent (or, at least, almost no
one — see the Pure Merit on p. 169). When your
character felt the call of faith, he also had to make
atonement for his sins. Such sins are not bought off
cheaply, especially not for the chosen of God. If you
choose to take a Blessing (as opposed to the order
benefit), you must also choose an Acolyte-level
Curse for your character. See p. 201 for more infor-
mation on Curses.

Vietues

The three Virtues reflect your character's noble
qualities:

¢ Courage measures your character's ability to
stand firm in the face of danger.

© Self-Control measures your character's ability
tokeep herself from committing self-destructive and
sinful acts.

© Conscience measures your character's com-
mitment to the moral values espoused by the Church.

Each of the Virtues is rated from 1 to 5 dots, with
one dot represents the most abject coward and sin-
ner, whereas five dots represent a shining example of
Christian life. You have 7 dots to distribute among
these Virtues to define your character's moral
strengths and weaknesses. As in Dark Ages: Vam-
pire, you begin with one dot in each of these Virtues.

Supecior Virtues

The Superior Virtues reflect your character's
spiritual life above the rest of the faithful flock. The
Holy Ghost has touched her soul and she is now
capable of things that other people aren't as a direct
result of that spiritual blessing. While each of the:
Traits is based on one of the basic Virtues, they are

a great leap beyond them.

Zeal, based on Courage, reflects the passion
your character has for fulfilling God's mission.

¢ Wisdom, based on Self-Control, reflects the
understanding of the world that God has granted
your character.

¢ Faith, based on Conscience, reflects your
character's utter belief in God and ability to hold to
His principles of compassion, forgiveness and re-
demption.

Your character has only just come alive to this
enlightened spiritual state and so has one dot in her
order's primary Superior Virtue. Full descriptions of
the Superior Virtues appear on p. 157.

Step divet sinishing Touches

The main part of the character creation is now
done. You have taken your character concept and
translated it into a record that will allow you to
quantify your character's capabilities in play. All you
need to do now is round out the character with a few
Traits that will fluctuate during the game and boost
her capabilities with bonus points to better match
your ideal vision.

Conviction

Conviction isa measure of your character's com-
mitment to the cause of the Inquisition and your
belief that it is right and God's will. It allows your
character to resist the enemy's influence and to call
upon God's blessings. While normal people possess
a single point of Conviction, your character has
moved beyond that and is now filled with passion for
the cause.

Conviction is measured on a scale of 1 to 10.
Starting Conviction is equal to the sum of your

Seer
el. CHAPIERFOUR: SG RB i
| ia ~S + CHARACTERS AND DRAMA: Se a toes '


character's Superior Virtue and its controlling basic
Virtue (Conscience + Faith, for example).

Willpower

Willpower measures the ability of your
character's determination and strength of will.
Like Conviction it is measured on a scale of 1 to
10. While most people have a Willpower score of
2 to 3, inquisitors often find that standing up to
the temptations of the enemy requires consider-
ably more than the average. Starting Willpower is
equal to Courage + Zeal.

Kiety

Similar in some ways to a vampire's Road Trait,
Piety represents an inquisitor's devotion to God.
Piety, like Willpower, ranges in score from | to 10.A
character's starting Piety is equal to his Conscience
+ Self-Control.

Bonus Yoints

You have 21 bonus points to spend on your
character. These bonus points are intended to
reflect those additional qualities your character
has gained through her initial training with her
order. However, they can also be used to correct
any major annoying or inconsistent gaps in your
character, because of the limitations imposed on
them by the chz

racter creation process.

You cannot raise your character's Abilities
beyond three in Step Three of character creation.
This limitation e>
exceed that level of competence — three dots in
an Ability marks a character as one of the most
skilled in his region. However, the intense prepa-
ration your character endures after joining the
Inquisition can lift him to levels where he is
among the best in his country, or even in the
world. After all, inquisitors are the Church's cho-
sen protectors, and must be among the most
committed and skilled Christians on the planet.
However, think carefully before doing raising
Abilities to four or five dots: Does your character
really merit such ratings this early in his career?

sts because few people ever

Dots in different traits can be raised according
to the bonus point table in the character creation
summary on p. 147. However, you cannot use
these bonus points to increase your Conviction,
Superior Virtues, Orisons or Endowments. Those
can be increased only through actively pursuing
God's mission in the course of the chronicle.

Line is aL:
The Sparkol Holy Life

It's often the case that as ideas become ratings on
the character sheet during the character creation
your character concept changes, possibly a

process
little, maybe even a lot. It's worth spending a little
time to revise that original concept to match what
you have now and to integrate any new ideas you
came up with in the process.

This is also the best time to go into detail about
your character. You have a broad idea of how attrac-
tive he is, based on his Appearance, but what does he
actually look like? How does he talk and dress? What
color are his eyes and hair?

Youcan think through how the character gained
each of the Abilities on the sheet and how that
affected his life. How did he learn to fight, read or
care for animals? Why does he speak an additional
language? Who are his Retainers or Allies, and how
do they deal with the character? Ifhe has Rank, what
has he done or whom does he know to allow him to
rise within the Inquisition?

It takes only a little thought to take those dots on
the character sheet and turn them into a detailed
It's these de-

picture of your character's existence
tails that really bring a character to life. See p. 134 of
Dark Ages: Vampire for more ideas on the best way

to do so.

Traits

Some Traits are unique to Dark Ages: Inquisi-
tor characters beyond those listed in Dark Ages:
Vampire. The call of inquisition makes particular
demands on the mind, body and soul of a char
that causes him to grow in particular ways. These
differences are detailed here.

Nature anddmpulse

When an inquisitor allows his commitment to
inquisition to override his commitment to God, he
become Callous (rules for Callousness and further
explanation of the state can be found on p. 162). At
these times, the darker parts of his nature come to
the fore. Every human being is fallen because of the
sin, an age ago, of Adam and Eve. No one's soul is
entirely pure, and that corruption can turn holy
commitment into unholy destruction without the
inquisitor realizing what has happened. Truly, the
enemy is subtle at times.

‘acter

The destructive, selfish parts of a character's
personality are collectively called the Impulse and


\j
mie)

7 =
jracddas ih *

The default character in Dark Ages: Inquisi-
tor is a newly blessed person who has just taken a
stand in the struggle between good an evil. If you
wish to Create a character, with the approval of your
Storyteller, who is more or less powerful than these
novice inquisitors, then three options are given
below. However, the ascension to higher stages in
game play is quantified by the character's total
Superior Virtues. For example, a character with
Faith 2, Wisdom © and Zeal 2
"Acolyte-level" inquisitor. If she gains another dot
in any Superior Virtue (including her first dot in
Wisdom), she is now considered a "Advocate-
level" inquisitor. This system is included purely for
purposes of determining what level of Endowments
the character is capable of learning without risking
new Curses (see Chapter Five). These levels reflect
the stages in an inquisitor's development, although
the categories are not clearly recognized by the
inquisitors themselves» The titles are purely for
game purposes; no inquisitor will ever speak of
himself as a "Judge-level inquisitor."

Stagel: Secoant of the Inquisition

considered an

The least powerful — yet perhaps the bravest *

— of inquisitors are those members who have yet to
be blessed by God and who still face the enemy,
knowing that they stand littl@ chance of victory.
These courageous souls may have picked upaknack
that helps them out, represented by their single
Orison, but they are still as vulnerable to the enemy
as the rest of humanity. Characters at this level
often serve as assistants to experienced inquisitors.
Like most of humanity, Servants may not have
-more than a single point of Conviction.
Character Creation
Backgrounds: 2
Virtues: 4
Superior Virtues: 0
Endowments: 0

Orisons: |
Curses: 0
Bonus Points: 18

Stage 2? Rcolyte Inquisitor
v J

These are basic s
in this chapter. A character with Superior Virtues
totaling 1 to 4 dots is considering an Acolyte.

arting characters as described

Stronger in Gots rmor

Stage 3? Rdvocate Inquisitor

These are the true Soldiers of God, whose.
many Blessings lift them far above the normal
person. They have suffered repeated and harrow-
ing exposure to the forces of Heaven and Hell
and are forever changed by their experiences.
They now have a clear idea of their objectives,
but com€ across as both holy and somewhat
discomforting to normal people — their in-
creased Superior Virtues can make them seem
overzealous and dangerous, aloof or even eerie.
An inquisitor with Superior Virtuestotaling 5 to
9 dots is considered an Advocate.

Character Creation

Backgrounds: 8

Virtues: 9

Superior Virtues: 4

Endowments: 3

Orisons: 2 N

Holy Arts: Varies (thtee if a member of the
Red Order; one otherwise)

Curses: 3

Bonus Points: 28

Stage 4dudge Inquisitor

Inquisitors
among the legends of the Church. The have
given themselves utterly over to God's service
and seem like angels incarnate to ordinary people
when they encounter them. They have faced the
devil's minion in battle and triumphed. Life to
them is a matter of black and white, good and
evil, and so they render swift judgment in God's
name upon those things that they see as corrupt.
Many of them frequently prophesy and'speak in
tongues. An inquisitor with 10 or more dots in
Superior Virtues is considered a Judge.

at this level of experience are

Character Creation
Backgrounds: 11
Virtues: 12
Superior Virtues: 9
Endowments: 7
» Orisons: 5

Holy Arts: Varies (six for Red Order; three

otherwise)

Curses: 5

Bonus Points: 35


AN INoQuisiTor's

he prelude marks the completion of

>) the character creation process. You sit

down with your Storyteller for a session and
work out together a story that takes in all the
elements you've woven into your character con-
ceptand creation. Obviously, the prelude should
take in the main points of the character's life
prior to joining the Inquisition. However, it
should pay particular attention to the character's
religious life — how he felt about the members
of the Church he encountered and how it af-
fected the decisions he made. Religion is central
to the character's role as part of the Inquisition,
and this is your first real chance to explore its

deeper effect on his life.
It'salsothe chance to roleplay your charé

first encounters with the supernatural and the
profound spiritual effect that it had on her. You
canalso play through your character's recruitment
into the Inquisition and eventual training in one
of the orders, giving you the chance to come to
grips with your character's beliefs and theology
before they are tested in the field against the

unliving heresy of the enemy's minions.

they are derived from the character's governing
Nature. If a character's Nature ever changes, for
whatever reason, his Impulse changes with it.

Gutocrat - Dominance

While you seek to put the world right, some-
times you step over the line and become so obsessed
with your vision of how it should be that you seek to
impose your will on everyone around you. You are
right, the only one cognizant of God's true plan, and
they must submit to your way of thinking or suffer the
consequences. You seek power, because it is the only
way to remake this fallen world in God's image.

Bravo- Violence

You've always respected words more than deeds.
However, at times deeds are all that matter. You will
do whatever is needed to get the job done. You know
that your cause is just, so anything done in its name
must be done with God's blessing. Any action you
take, however violent, however contrary to the
strictures of society and the Church, is done only for
God's glory in your mind. When the moment has
passed, though, you might view your actions in a
different light.

ie et Se

a

—
——

Note: The Bravo Archetype replaces the Bar-
barian Archetype found on page 138 of Dark Ages
Vampire. The spirit — changing the world through
deeds, not wor
contempt for ci
for those the inquisitor perceives as weak.

s — remains the same, but the

lization is replaced by a contempt

Carefaker- Possession

Othersneed tobe provided for, butsometimes their
own actions make it hard to do so. How much better it
would be for them if they let you control their lives.
Onlly if they are truly yours can you protect them from
the terrible creatures that would do them harm in
Satan's name. You do your best to sever their links with
anyone else who could undermine your influence over
them. Then they are truly safe.

Celebrant - Hedonism

Youenjoy God's creation so much that, sometimes,
you come to think your purpose isto enjoy everything
it has to offer. Surely if you are deep in ecstasy in the
wonder of God's bounty, you will be immune to the
blandishments of Satan? When youare Hedonistic, you
throw yourself into whatever pleasures you, from glut-
tony to prayer, from battle to contemplation, with an
unhealthy obsession. You might think that they aid you
in your struggle — but instead they are delivering you
into the Adv

Defender - Conservatism

Youseek to prevent the good things in the world
being destroyed. Well, what better way than to

ary's hands.

ensure that they never change at all? People must be
dissuaded from new ideas, or prevented from enter-
ing dangerous situations. Society's structures must
be kept the way they are, and everything can then
continue in God's protection, safe from the Satanic
forces of change and hurt.

Okeamer- Escapism

The world could be better. You can imagine
God's ideal, perfected and redeemed creation some-
times. If you are to make it a reality, you have to

understand, and that means studying it. It may not

exist anywhere but in your head as yet, but surely the

gritty business of inquisition can be put aside for a
time, while you seek to comprehend the nuances of
God's great plan for creation. Once you understand
it all, then you'll be able to act. There's so much to
understand, though

Gallant - Vanity

> an inquisitor, one of God's chosen

You a
defenders of the faithful. You must be an example of

DARKAGE NQUISITO!


NY

all that is best about humanity — his favored cre-
ation. Your dress must be a hymn of glory to His
name, your manners a prayer to His greatness and
your behavior a model of piety for others to emulate.
If they have you to look up toasa very model of godly
perfection, then people will make themselves safe by
emulating you.

dester-Soolishness

The world is fallen, and everything humanity
does is mere idiocy in the face of His power. You
laugh at the societies man has built, from the crown
tothe Church, just as you laugh at the petty, amusing
machinations of the enemy. All of it is laughable in
the face of His blessings. Once you see that He makes
everything else laughable, you can revel in your own

safety. How could He not protect you from such
ludicrous dangers?

dudge- Sadism

The more you look at the world, the more you
realize that everything in it is guilty in His eyes. He
has given you a mission — to judge the sinners —
and you find everyone guilty. Everyone from the
most brazen monster to the lowliest peasant scratch-
inga living out of the earth has g
wiles. They must all be punished, for only then can
their souls be purified. They may not agree, but that
is their burden to bear. You have been given the
burden of making the world pay for its sins.

succumbed to Satan

Pedagogue -Sanaticism

It has always been your mission to tell others the
error of their ways and teach them about the Lord's
Word. You have come to see that the world can be
truly saved only when everyone fully defines his life
by submission to the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and you
are the one person who can teach them. Those who
will listen are saved, but they must truly believe
before you will trust them. Indeed, only those who
have fully a
be counted on at all.

Fenitent- Wlasochism

You, like everyone else, are a sinner. However,
ryone is called upon to face the enemy and

epted your true vision of the Lord can

not e

use God's power in His cause. To keep yourself
worthy of His blessings, you must suffer for your sins.

Fasting, abject poverty, sleep-deprivation, even self-
flagellation: These are all tools youcan use to cleanse
yourself of sin, show God that you are truly repentant
and thus be granted the chance to destroy the en-

emy. No suffering is too great for a sinner like you.

Ferlectionist - Negativity

While it would be blasphemy to believe that you
could obtain God's perfection, you strive to be the
best that a poor, sinful mortal can muster. Keeping
true to the Bible and pursuing your mission reso-
lutely are the absolute center of your life. However,
sometimes the failings of yourself and others become
too much for you. You cannot help but dwell on the
terrible state of this fallen world, and you despair of
ever winning redemption through Christ.

Rebel- Anarchism

It's too late. Satan has infected all of
Christendom. Society must be torn down if God is to
triumph, as He must. Anyone in power might be an
ally, witting or unwitting, of the Great Corrupter,
and it is your duty to smash those supporters of the
institutions that Satan exploits. Only once society
lies in ruins will the enemy stand exposed. Then, he
and his servants can be driven from the world and a
new Eden built in its stead.

Survivor - Selfishness

The Lord has chosen you to defeat the servants
of evil, and as the Lord's chosen one you must stay
alive to carry out your calling. Your survival is more
important than coming out victorious in an encoun-
ter with a monster. After all, if you die defeating one
aminor imp, who is left to continue the Inquisition?
Indeed, it's more important that you survive than
any of your companions. You are the chosen one;
they are merely helpers on the mission.

Melet:
Abilities

The pursuit of truth and the absolute commit-
ment to rooting out the lies of the enemy calls for
special training. Many inquisitors possess two Skills
that can prove invaluable for uncovering the enemy's
hidden plans and exposing them to the light of God's
judgment. They are detailed below.

New Kill Cortuce

The Torture Skill represents the knowledge and
technique needed to inflict pain on others, in the
hope of extracting information or confessions from
them. It includes knowledge of both the physical and
psychological aspects of torturing a victim, the best
means of keeping people aliv they can endure
further torture and the use of specialized torture
equipment. This Skill can be used on monsters as
well as mortals, but the unusual constitutions and
Satan-granted powers of such beings can make them

susceptible to such techniques, unless the in-
tors can learn of their particular weaknesses.
However, in some cases, techniques such as the use
of fire can be even more effective on Hell's minions
than on normal people.
e Dabbler: You've tied up a few people and
hit them until they started talking.
ee Student: You understand the be
technique of torture and can use fire, the
rack, dunking and other techniques
without killing a subject.

ic

eee Learned: You realize that sometimes the
mind can be the most effective implement
of torture, when coupled with use of
approved instruments of Inquisition.

e@eee Scholar: Youcan choose the appropriate

tool, technique or mental game to force a
confession with admirable speed and
efficiency.

@ @ eee Master: The mere rumor of your presence
has prisoners desperate to confi
you start to work upon their vulnerable
flesh.

Possessed By: Papal Inquisitors, Judges, Gaolers,
Soldiers, Witch-Hunters, Spies, Bounty Hunters,
Cultists

Specialties: Humans, Vampires, Werewolves,
Wizards, Witches, Demons, Forced Confessions,
Conversions

s before

New Skil nfecrogation

Interrogation is the art of extracting information
from unwilling subjects through the careful application
of intimidation, threats, appeals to their religious duty
and any other leverage that the inquisitor can use to
gain co-operation from their subject. Unlike Intimida-
tion, youare not trying to make them do what you want,
just force them to give up some information that they
would not willing disclose.

e Novice: Youcan ask questions and
threaten violence.
ee Practiced: You realize that alternating

friendliness and hostility can sometimes
be auseful technique.

eee Competent: You can force peasants and
minor nobility to give up information
without challenge.

eoee

Expert: There are few creatures whose will
can stand against yours when you are

ESeIN@UISITOR


'

mer |

; a tf.

determined to know the truth.

A id

Master: Whole heretical cults are put to
the flame based on the information you
can extract froma single captive

ed By:

Po
Confessors, Spies

Specialties: Guilty Secrets, Blasphemy, Heresy,
Concealed Interrogation, Forgotten Memories, Mind
Games

Papal Inquisitors, Judges, Priests,

New Backgrounds

Inquisitors, by dint of the lives they lead, their
commitment to God and their backing by the Church
and the orders of the Inquisition, have access to
certain resources in their mission that are unique to
them. These assets are represented by the three new
Backgrounds below. As with the Backgrounds pre-
sented in Dark Ag ampire, the characters does
not think, "I have a flock of exactly 100 people to
count on for prayer and aid against a night fiend."
They think in less clear-cut and more general terms

—"A good congregation whose faith is strong stands
with us in our hour of need."

Chapter-Douse

A chapter-house is the physical building in
which a cell of inquisitors makes its home. The
buildings have the appropriate staff to run them, but
these people (often low-ranking monks or lay mem-
bers of the order) will not participate in the active
work of the Inquisition — that is the function of
Retainers or Flock (below).

The property does not belong to the inquisitors.
It is the property of the Inquisition and is granted to
the characters for their use in pursuing the mission.
While they have free and unrestricted use of it, it
must be kept in good order, as far as the mission
allows. It certainly cannot be sold, rented or used for
any other purpose than that set for the characters by
their order.

Using Chapter-House is similar to using Do-
main (see Dark Ages: Vampire, page 155). Points
spent on the Background can either make the chap-
ter-house larger or more secure, but can have other
well. Points
do so per the following chart:

effects pent to increase the chapter-

house's s

. Asmall house or church building,

probably within the confines of a larger
church community such as a monastery or
cathedral that allows the inquisitors some

JARACT

= CHAPTER FOUR -

ff:

measure of privacy

ee Asmall church, significant town building

or other building of similar size, that
allows the inquisitors to conduct their
work within the building, as well as sleep
there.
eee A fortified building, section of a castle or
monastery, or several houses ona city
street that are granted to the inquisitor to
aid her mission.
eeee The inquisitor has unrestricted use ofa
small country estate, castle or several
town houses for her mission, along witha
number of staff to keep the buildings
running.

eccce ichasan

A whole religious community
isolated monastery ora country estate of
the Murnau family, has been ordered to
support the inquisitor in her calling.
However, the expectations placed on the
character are likely to be equally

expansive.

In addition, each point of Chapter-House does
one of the following:

© Increases the size of the chapter-house, as
indicated below.

¢ Makes the chapter-house more secure, with
guards or dogs, increasing the difficulty to break in by
one per point spent.

© Increases the chapter-house's Holy Ground
rating by one per point spent.

¢ Provides space for the holding, interrogation
and torture of hellspawn. The chapter-house has
space for three prisoners per point spent in this
manner.

Therefore, a troupe that pools six points of
Chapter-House could use the church of a small town
as their base (2 points to size). Only two doors into
the churche
siveand sturdy locks (3 points to security). In addition,
the entire property is consecrated (1 point to Holy
Ground).

ist, and those are equipped with expen-

Exposure

Exposure is the degree to which your character
had been aware of the work of the Devil's
the world before she joined the Inquisition. While
any good Christian knows that Satan is abroad in the
world and that his minions may be anywhere, rela-
tively few have direct experience with them. Your
character has faced the enemy and come away un-

minions in

a eel
~
————
ND DRAMA-_ eae 9 weg | !


corrupted, if shaken, by the experience. She may
have even gathered a few pieces of relevant informa-
tion that could prove telling in the battles to come.

You and the Storyteller should work out the
details of these encounters, preferably before the
game begins. The encounters in questions should
not give your character detailed information about
the monsters in the Dark Medieval — unless you
have also purchased the Occult Knowledge and are
using these encounters as an explanation for that
information being available to your character. When
your character encounters a supernatural being, the
Storyteller should roll Wits + Exposure on her be-
half, to determine whether she can call upon her
previous experience to aid her in this new test of
faith. The Storyteller should always make the roll in
secret and should feed the player dangerously erro-
neous information after a botch.

You spent some time in a town notorious
for its heretics.

Younowsee the pale priest who only
visited your village at night ina whole
new light.

You have seen enough unpleasant acts
that you begin to see patterns in the
behavior of the enemy.

Your hometown or abbey was infiltrated
by the servants of Satan, but you are only
now realizing their true nature.

You grew up ina pagan community that
accepted the minions of Hell as a natural
part of the world, but since your
conversion you realize just how much
danger your soul endured.

Slock

Christianity is not a solitary experience. It is in
the fellowship of other Christians that one grows, as
St Paul taught. The ability to pray together and to
share the teachings of the Bible with one another is
invaluable in the growth of the inquisitor's belief.

For an inquisitor, a group outside the Inquisition
with whom he can pray and worship can be an
invaluable link with the world he has left behind. It
is easy to become entrenched in the fight against
monsters and lose touch with the realities of life for
most people. Worse, one can lose sight of God's
Commandments when fighting the enemy becomes
one's sole focus. The inquisitor's flock can often root
him in the mundane world once more and remind
him of the people whose souls he is fighting for.

fat

A flock will not actually work for the inquisitor
in his cause by confronting the enemy or researching
its ways, and neither would an inquisitor willingly
expose them to such dangers. Instead, they are a

group of people who act as a bulwark for his belief,
remind him of the reasons for his inquisition and
who can actually boost his Conviction through joint
prayer (see p. 160).

. You have a few friends you pray with
occasionally.

ee Asmall village looks to you for spiritual
guidance.

eee

Youare one of the most respected

preachers in your region, and many people

turn up to listen to you teach.

eeee Word of your preaching has spread far and
wide, and news of a visit by you excites the
faithful and worries the sinful.

@¢@¢¢¢ Your preaching shapes the beliefs of a

nation. Had you not been called to the

Inquisition, you would be renowned asa

bishop or founder of a monastic order.

Doly Relics

It has been said that if one were to collect all of the
shards of the True Cross sold in Christendom and all of
the bones of the saints thus peddled, one could build a
new city and people to inhabit it. Possibly so, but some
relics are indeed genuine receptacles of faith, whether
through actual blessing from the Lord or simply the
fervent belief of the Flock. Likewise, the most knowl-
edgeable and devout inquisitors know how to create
weapons anointed with the very essence of their devo-
tion — items that inflict horrible wounds on the
servants of the Adversary.

This Background indicates that the character
possesses such a relic. These items can act as reserves
of Conviction, aiding the inquisitor in her darkest
moments. Once per story, the player may roll the
character's rating in this Background (difficulty 6)
and regain one point of Conviction per success
rolled, up to a maximum of the character's Piety
rating. More powerful relics have specific effects of
their own. Some possibilities for Holy Relics, includ-
ing weapons, are listed in Chapter Five.

e A finger-bone of a saint or some other
relic of dubious origin.

ee A token blessed by Cardinal Marzone
or perhaps even by the Pope.

eee =Asword or other weapon prepared by the

Forge of God ritus, or a similarly powerful

ae Ml ™ ™
6 id ii, i ae - DARK AGESPINQUISITOR - ——t ' "
s sm Ff —_— . 2 Soe _-._ om

Pk
ne)

; oA 1
irae ¢ at ba

relic. Ifa weapon, choose one special
property from the list on p. 196.

Atruly impressive item
saint's vestment ora weapon sanctified at
several different holy places. Ifa weapon,

ashred ofa

choose two special properties.

¢ A vial of sand from Calvary or some
similarly awe-inspiring item. Ifa weapon,
choose three special properties.

Rank

The Inquisition is young and has only the loosest
of formal structures. Its inquis
busy dealing with the spawn of Satan and preserving
the souls of good Christian folk to bother with
internal political strife or the worldly pursuit of

itors are ostensibly too

power. However, the Inquisition still needs leader-
ship and direction. Some inquisitors do rise through
the ranks by dint of their faith, ability and successful
record of dealing with hellspawn.

Each of the orders has its own particular idea of
rank, structure and appellations, but this Background
represents the inquisitor's overall level of influence
and power within the Inquisition as a whole. The
respect of fellow inquisitors means far more than any
worldly title and is far more likely to give the char-
acter real power in the shadow Inquisition. However,
as rank increases, so does responsibility. A character
who serves on a Council of Faith is under much
closer scrutiny by his fellows and his superiors, and
his time is much more limited.

° You have exposed a few creatures of Satan
and are respected by new inquisitors.
oe You are well-known among local
inquisitors, who look to you for advice and
guidance.
¢ —Youserve on your local Council of Faith,
helping direct the city's inquisitors.

You serve (or have served) on the
Supreme Council, advising on inquisition
across the nation.

© You answer to God and Cardinal
Marzone, and no one else.

The Superior Virtues

Inquisitor characters are called to fight against
the unholy because their belief is greater than that of
the general populace. The Holy Ghost has touched
them and filled them with God's love and sorrow to
such an extent that their Virtues are a leap above
those of other people, even other Christians. They

reflect the character's utter commitment to the
qualities God seeks in his servants. A character with
Superior Virtues isamong the most holy people alive
in the Dark Medieval.

It is these Superior Virtues that keep inquisitors
at least somewhat safe from the hellish powers of the

A

ijt

enemy, by proving them worthy of God's blessings.
As they progress in the Inquisition, these Superior
Virtues grow, as exposure to God's power and the
terrible face of the enemy make them more and more
committed to the cause.

Like the basic Virtues, Superior Virtues are rated
from | to 5 dots. Each of them is tied to one of the
basic Virtues, in effect raising their upper limit from
5 to 10 dots. The character does not need to have
reached five dots ina basic Virtue before she can gain
dots in the Superior Virtue. However, her rating in
a Superior Virtue can never exceed her rating in the
associated basic Virtue.

daith

Faith is the Superior form of Conscience. It
reflects how an inquisitor's moral code is utterly
transformed by direct contact with the power of the
Holy Ghost. What was once a set of moral rules that
the character lived by s
element of his personality. He lets go of material
desire and sin, and he replaces them with purity and
love for others.

eadily becomes the defining

At higher levels of Faith, the character's own
personality, desires and wants slowly become sub-
sumed by a humility and lack of desire that the "less
blessed" find difficult and even disturbing to be
around. The inquisitor, though, seems increasingly
more happy and calm the greater his faith grows.

Benefits of Faith

Faith allows your character to move beyond her
base nature, as reflected by Impulse when it rises to
the fore. See Callousness (p. 162).

e Caring

ee Loving
eee = Merciful
eeee Redeeming

eoeee Pure

Wisdom

Wisdom is the Superior form of Self-Control.
The inquisitor's ability to control himself in extreme
circumstances becomes insight into both his own
nature and that of the world around him. The God-
granted understanding of the nature of creation

=CHAPTERFOUR:

SHARAY

"TERS'AND DRAN


allows the inquisitor to comprehend matters that
escape the understanding of normal people and gain
an understanding of God's word and purpose that are
almost miraculous in nature.

As the inquisitor's Wisdom grows, he becomes
quiet and contemplative, speaking only to commu-
nicate insights and information that can benefit
others. However, he becomes ever more watchful,
reveling in the glory of God's creation and under-
standing even the place of monsters in it.

Benefits of Wisdom

Wisdom allows the inquisitor to resist the men-
tal control of the minions of Satan. It also allows him
to remember traumatic events with greater insight
and clarity. See Thralldom (p. 162).

. Thoughtful
oe Insightful
. Learned

Enlightened

Transcendent

Zeal is the Superior form of Courage. Mere
bravery is replaced by an utter focus on serving
God's cause, whatever the risk. The zealous are
able to do great deeds in the name of God simply
because their desire to do that good is greater than
their fear of death. Indeed, as their Zeal grows they
cease to contemplate death, as they know that if
God still has work for them they will survive, and
that if they have fulfilled their destiny, God will
welcome them into Heaven.

As the inquisitor's Zeal grows, she becomes
increasingly focused on achieving God's objec-
tives, be they bringing faith to others, caring for
the sick or fighting the legions of Hell. Any other
causes or activities cease to interest her
commits her whole waking life to God's service.

Benefits of Zeal

Zeal allows an inquisitor to confront the infernal
and satanic powers of the world without flinching. It
also allows her to resist the insidious powers of the
enemy when they try to inspire fear in God's ser-
vants. See Terror (p. 162).

as she

. Dedicated
Worthy
Committed
Relentless

¢ Unstoppable

True FaltH
ark Ages: Vampire includes a section
on "The Blessed" (pp 287 — 291) and
a Trait called True Faith.
will note, however, that this
Trait is not included in Dark Ages: Inquisitor.
This is done for the same reason that only
sketchy approximations of mage Pillars and
werewolf Gifts are given in Dark Ages: Vam-
pire — there simply isn't space enough in that
book to discuss all of the possibilit
types of characters and still have room for
vampires. The powers listed under "The Gifts of
Faith" (p. 288) are simple renditions of the
Blessings and Endowments given in this book.

's for other

If, for any reason, youwis ph eb ealrulateaL ark

two, nad soon up (yes, this means that True Faith
5 isn't represented at all by a stage of inquisito
that's deliberate —such holy people cannot easily
be quantified by any means).

Kiety

An inquisitor's duty, first and foremost, is to
God. It is for the Lord's divine plan that they under-
take their momentous task of keeping the world safe
for His faithful Flock. A good inquisitor keeps God
forever in his mind and heart, and does not allow his
reverence and devotion to be outstripped by his
desire to the cause of inquisition or his zeal for
destroying demons or persecuting heretics. Unfortu-
nately, things are never so easy.

The horrors and mysteries that confront inquisi-
tors almost nightly tax their sanity and drive them
toward greater heights of fanaticism and myopia,
simply out of fear and a desire to gain a sense of
control over anything they can. This devotion leads
to Callousness and ultimately to Curses as God levies
His judgment on those who transgress against His
law. In game terms, this is reflected by a character's
Conviction growing higher than her Piety score.

Piety represents a character's reverence for and
devotion to God and the Church, not to the Inqui-
sition. Piety begins equal toa character's Conscience
+ Self-Control and can rise and fall from there in
much the same way a vampire's Road rating can.
However, while the mechanical aspects of Piety and
Road might be similar,

the intent behind them is

- DARK AGES: INQUIS ae R-

————EEewe


wiae

Hierarcuy or SinsAGainst GoD

Score Minimum Wrongdoing

10 ThinkingimpureorangrythoughtsaboutanotherChristian:

9 Engaging in any kind of sexual behavior.
Lying or breaking your word.
Accepting monetary reward.

Notattemptingtoteachahereticorapagan.
Notattempting toredeemasinner.
Causingharm toa Christian.

Aiding orallying withademon inany way.

Nw BUD

1 KillingaChristian.

vastly different. A vampire clings to its Road in a
mockery of faith, trying only to stave off the fury that
is the Beast. The very measure of an inquisitor's
spiritual worth is her Piety. An inquisitor who loses
all of her Piety is not lost as a character, but has
probably fallen so far from acceptable behavior that
she is a likely target for inquisition herself. Then
again, if the stories about Rodrigue de Na'
true, perhaps it is possible to remain with the Inqui-

arre are

sition after losing one's faith...

In play, Piety levi
inquisitors. A character
precepts of the Church risks not only official censure
from the Inquisition, but a crisis of faith as well. In
game terms, this functions much like degeneration
(see Dark Ages: Vampire, p. 267); when the char-
acter commits a sin appropriate to her level of Piety,
the player rolls Conscience + Faith (difficulty 6, or
7 if the character is currently Callous). If the roll
succeeds, the charact

a standard of behavior for
who viole

es one of the

r recognizes that she has sinned
and loses a point of Conviction; this point can be
regained by receiving the sacrament of confession. If
the roll fails, the character either rationalizes her
behavior as necessary to the Inquisition or simply
does not notice her error and she loses a dot of Piety.
If the roll botches, the player must immediately roll
to see if the character acquires a new Curse.

Conviction

Conviction is a measure of the inquisitor's com-
mitment to his cause: defeating, destroying or
redeeming the servants of the Adversary. At times of
success and achievement, when he feels God is with
him and the enemy is on the run, the inquisitor will
be full of Conviction, able to resist the enemy's wiles
and free to call upon his Blessings easily. At other

a aaa

Rationale

Youmust be pure in mindaswellas body.

The pleasures of the flesh are impure.

Intruth there isredemption.

The riches of this worldare the Devil's tools. >

Actingoutofangeroranyothersinfulimpulse (gluttony; lust,etc.). Yourbehaviormustbe motivated by love forGod.

ThosewhoknownothingofGodmustheshowntheway.
AllthatSatanrequiresisthatthefaithfuldonothing.

- Lovethyneighboras thyself.
Shun theservants of the Adversary. :
Nothing is worth putting yourself in theirdebt.
Thoushalt notcommit murder.

times, when inquisition is going badly, his Convic-
tion rapidly drops. Conviction is not some measure
of mystical energy. It merely reflects how devoted to
and confident in the cause the inquisitor is at any
particular moment. The more committed he is, the
better his ability to pursue his mission effectively.
Inquisitors are not the only people to possess
Conviction. The general level of faith in the Dark
Medieval is high enough that nearly all people have
a single point of Conviction, which allows them a
chance of resisting the influence of Satanic forces
briefly. The only people who do not possess Convic-
tion are those utterly without faith or those who are
knowingly in the service of the enemy or its mon-
strous servants. Po:

ion of Superior Virtues opens
‘onviction as
they realize the true stakes in the struggle between
good and evil.

inquisitors to much higher levels of

However, too much Conviction can be danger-
ous. If it exceeds the character's Piety, he becomes
Callous as his commitment to the Inquisition be-
comes greater than his commitment to God.

Conviction is rated from 1 to 10 points and will
fluctuate markedly throughout the course of the game.

Spending Conviction

Conviction can be used in three different ways
in the game.

¢ Activating Blessings

Conviction is often spent to activate the
inquisitor's Blessings. See Chapter Five for more
information.

¢ Virtue Rolls

A single point of Conviction can be spent on a
Virtue roll to gain an automatic success, just as you

oe
REQUR: as aS i
‘SAND DRAMA Jam nei


can spend a Willpower to gain an automatic success
on other rolls. Note: You may spend only Convic-
tion on Virtue rolls, never Willpower.

* Increasing Virtues and Gaining Endowments

Lastly, 10 points of Conviction can be exchanged
for a single dot increase in a Superior Virtue or to
gain an Endowment. For more details see Character
Advancement (p. 161).

Regaining Conviction

A character may gain Conviction in four ways.
These are detailed below.

¢ Risking Conviction
nviction can be gained by risking it in a roll
for the use of a Blessing, be it Endowment, Holy Art
or Orison. This represents the inquisitor throwing
his all into a particularly critical moment in a con-
frontation with the enemy. If he s
Conviction grows. If he fails, it drops, as
dence falters.

System: You may invest 1 to 3 points of Convic-
tion in a single Blessing-related roll. Each invested
point adds a die to your dice pool. If the roll succeeds,
the character recovers all of the invested Conviction
and gains an extra point. If it fails, she loses the
invested Conviction. If the roll is a botch, she loses
all her Conviction (see below for the effects of zero
Conviction).

icceeds, his

his confi-

You may risk Conviction only once per scene.

Example: Simpkin Cotter, an Oculus, is trying to
find a werewolf that has hidden in human form
among the townspeople on market day. He calls
upon his Blessing of Second Sight to try to find the
demon. At the moment, Simpkin has s
Conviction. Jesse, Simpkin's player, decides to in-
vest three Conviction points in the roll, removing
them from his character sheet, knowing that Simpkin
has to find the werewolf before it escapes him again.
Simpkin's Perception + Wisdom give Je
five dice, to which he adds the three Conviction dice
for a total of eight. He rolls and gets four succe!
Yay! Simpkin spots the werewolf hanging about the
edge of the crowd and moves toward him. Jesse
returns the three Conviction he risked in the roll to
his sheet, along with the extra point he earned, fora
new total of seven points.

* Victory

Striking a blow against the enemy in God's
name can, and usually does, boost an inquisitor's
confidence. This has to be a clear, obvious victory,
such as destroying or achieving the redemption of a

x points of

pool of

se

creature of Satan. However, other tasks might qualify
as well, depending of the inquisitor's own outlook on
the situation. If the character was seeking to free a
village of malign influence, then driving away a lone
night beast that preyed on the inhabitants might be
enough to boost his Conviction.

System: If your character achieves a convincing
victory over the enemy, you may, at your Storyteller's
discretion, roll the character's primary Superior Vir-
tue + its controlling basic Virtue, against a difficulty
of 7, to determine whether your character gains
Conviction as a result. If the roll succeeds, she gains
a point of Conviction. If it fails, nothing happens. If
the roll is botched, she los
your character's confidence has obviously been
shaken by what he has learned in the encounter.

¢ Prayer

The main source of an inquisitor's commitment
to his calling is his belief in God. Direct communi-
cation with the Lord, through prayer, is a powerful
way of boosting his Conviction. However, ordinary
prayer will not achieve it on its own. This commun-
ion needs to take place on holy ground or jointly
with a faithful and dedicated group of believers.
Either method can generate enough spiritual power
torenew the inquisitor's commitment to God's cause.
The character may pray with other members of the
Inquisition, but may roll only as many dice as the
highest Faith rating represented.

System: The inqui
prayer, with his attention fully focused. Any interrup-
tion during that hour will prevent the prayer from
having the desired effect. The praying must take place
on holy ground , over a holy relic or with a flock
(p. 156). At the end of the hour, roll the Holy Ground
rating, Holy Relic rating or the Flock rating, against a
difficulty of 7. The number of successes equals the
number of points of Conviction gained. Each addi-
tional hour of prayer reduces the difficulty of the roll by
one, to a minimum of 3. Such prayer sessions may be
attempted only once per day. For each successive day
that the inquisitor attempts to pray, the difficulty of the
roll increases by one to a maximum of 10. A character
may never raise his Conviction higher than his Piety
rating in this manner. God does not force inquisitors
into Callousness.

¢ New Story

At the start of a new story, the character's
Conviction is increased to the sum of his Conscience
+ Faith, should it have fallen below that level at the
end of the last story.

a point of Conviction;

sitor must spend an hour in


[] t ; :
MEY rack APA TS 8

AY \

%

G

Losing All Conviction

An inquisitor who has lost all her Conviction
through a botched roll, or simply through spending it
all, is in dire straits indeed. She has no defenses against
the enemy until such a time as she gains Conviction
again. She may not call upon her Blessings and is unable
touse Virtue rolls to resist the powers of the enemy. She
suffers a crisis of faith and may need the encouragement
of others of her chapter to pray for God's blessing and a
boost in her Conviction.

Systems

Life as an inquisitor is dramatically different
from unlife
necessary to represent those differences. These new

as a vampire, and some new systems are

systems are detailed below.

Growing In saith: Oncacter

Devel

opment

Characters in Dark Ages: Inquisitor can de-
velop in two ways: mundane and spiritual. The
character's mundane Abilities and Attributes grow
normally, using the experience point system given
on p. 166 of Dark Ages: Vampire. This also includes
the Holy Art. However, the character's Superior
Virtues, Orisons and Endowments can be improved
only by gaining Conviction through pursuing the

cause of inquisition, as detailed below.

Backgrounds can be improved only through
roleplaying. Chapter-House can be improved only
by earning a larger base of operations from the
character's superiors in the Inquisition or possibly by
physically building such a place. Equally, Flock in-
creases only if the character actually recruits more
believers to his cause.

Spending Experience Points

As usual, increases in Attributes, Abilities and the
Holy Arts need to be explained to the Storyteller's
satisfaction. How is the character managing to improve
this Trait? Is it through experience in the field, or
through taking the time to study, exercise and practice?

The time taken to learn a new level in a Trait can
vary from a matter of days for the lower levels, to weeks,
months or years of persistent learning. Certainly, rat-
ings of four or five dots should take months (at least) to
obtain. The experience points required can be spent at
the end of the training or spread out throughout the
training period if the Storyteller prefers.

= CHAP]
RAC

ERS AND DRAM?

ExperieNCE POINT Costs

Trait Cost

Attribute current rating x 4
Existing Ability current rating x 2
Specialty current Abilityrating
New Ability 3

New Holy Art path
Primary Holy Art Path
Other Holy-Art Path
Basic Virtue

Piety .

Willpower

10
Current Level x 5
Current Level x7
current rating x 2*
current rating
current rating
*Raising a Virtue does not increase the'
Traits based-on it, such as Conviction or
Willpower.

Of course, the orders offer an easy explanation
for many Ability increases. A period of retreat in an
order stronghold for training, education or contem-
plation during the downtime between sessions can
justify many increases, particularly ones the charac-
ter (as well as the player) fe
effective inquisitor.

Victuesand Endowments

The only way to improve Superior Virtues, or to
gain new Orisons or Endowments, is to exchange
Conviction points. To this end, you may bank Con-
viction points toward the number needed to improve
a Superior Virtue or gain a Blessing. This banking
represents a character taking time to assimilate what
they have learned through pursuing the mission into
her faith, enriching her relationship with God. The
character must spend at least an hour per point of

s she needs to be amore

Conviction banked praying, reading and meditating
in seclusion. Banking more than one point of Con-
viction in a day requires the inquisitor to go on a
period of retreat while she purifies herself, studies the
Bible and undergoes extended periods of confession
with her superior in the Inquisition.

Inquisitors who have become Callous (see below)
have two choices. They may go on immediate retreat,
leaving the business of inquisition to others untilenough
Conviction is banked to bring them down to pre-
Callous levels. Alternatively, they may aggressively
pursue inquisition in the hope of using up the ey
conviction, or gaining enough through the holy sherds
to immediately cash 10 points in for a new point of

TERFOUR -


Superior Virtue or Endowment. However, the latter
path carries the risk of Curses (p. 201).

Callousness

The cause of the Inquisition is a noble one,
seeking both to defeat God's Adversary and to pro-
tect the God-fearing people of the Church from the
Satanic minions' malign influence. However, an
inquisitor's first loyalty should be to his God, not to
his calling. Many inquisitors lose sight of that and
become so wrapped up in their mission that they
forget their spiritual duties.

This state of mind is called Callousness and
occurs when the character's Conviction is higher
than his Piety. Callousness has a number of effects on
the inquisitor:

¢ Empathy los:
thy for the monsters and their victims, seeing only
her immediate task. All rolls involving Empathy are
at +2 difficulty while a character is Callous.

The character loses any sympa-

¢ Impulsive: While a character is Callous, her
Impulse comes to the fore. Whenever a situation
arises where his Impulse applies, the player must roll
Conscience + Faith, difficulty 6, to avoid acting as
the Impulse would suggest.

Example: Martyn d'Avignon of the Knights of
Acre is, by Nature, a Bravo so his Impulse is Vio-
lence. He faces the unwilling thrall of the enemy.
His aim is to subdue his enemy for interrogation and
possible redemption. However, he is Callous and he

wants simply to slaughter this tool of Satan. Martyn's
player rolls Conscience + Faith, scoring no success.
And so, Martyn gives into his Impulse and leaps at

the possessed cleric, sword ready to strike...

Acting on Impulse by itself doesn't have to be
harmful, but it often leads inquisitors into situations
that test their Piety — which, in turn, lowers their
resistance to Callousness. Wise inquisitors maintain
their standards of behavior very carefully.

Thralldom

While some of the servants of the enemy are more
than capable of tearing a man limb from limb, their
more effective power is the ability tocloud men's minds.
Many monsters have the ability to direct the thoughts
of others, twist their emotions or even reduce people to
compliant slaves. This is a state known as thralldom,
wherein the character is under the mental domination
of a supernatural creature.

To resist an attempt to control the character's
thoughts, the player may roll Self-Control + Wis-

ALLDOM, TERRORAND CONVIC
(S} character with even one point of
Conviction may attempt to resist
thralldom or terror, regardless of whether she
actually has the Superior Virtue in question or
not. If she does not, however, she must spend
a point of Conviction in order to do so. This
means that since most normal mortals hav
nviction, they can (if they
can muster the strength, which is up to the
Sto

single point of

yteller) resist the powers of the unholy for
a moment. However, another attempt on the
part of a demon will surely bring the haple:

al's resistance crashing dov

dom, difficulty 6 (if the character does not have a dot
in Wisdom, the player must spend a Conviction
Ifthe
inquisitor wins, she succeeds in resisting the attempt
to control her thoughts. If the roll fails, she may be
allowed further attempts to roll whenever she is
forced to do something against her natur

point) in an opposed roll against the creatur

- Inquisi-

tors may resist Disciplines such as Dominate, Presence
and Dementation (as well as mind-controlling pow-
ers from other sources) in this manner, but usually
must be aware that something untoward is happen-
ing in order to make the attempt.

Example: Maria of Bristol, an Eye of God, has
stumbled upon a cult of demon worshipers operating
froma disused warehouse near the docks. The leader
of the cult attempts to control her mind with his
magic, scoring three successes. Maria's player rolls
her Self-Control + Wisdom, scoring two successes.
It's not enough, so Maria falls under the thrall of the
demon priest. Later that night, the demon cult
leader demands that Mary reveals the names of those
inquisitors working with her. The Storyteller rules
that it is against Maria's nature to tell, so the player
rolls Self-Control + Wisdom, this time scoring four
successes. Maria is free of thralldom! She answers the
questions, but with lies, and bides her time in hopes
of learning more about the cult...

Memory

Some encounters with the enemy are so traumatic
that the inquisitor is unable to recall them at all. On
other occasions, the hellspawn can use their powers to
block the inquisitor's access to his memories. In such
situations, the inquisitor's player can roll Self-Control
+ Wisdom, difficulty 6, to recall the events that took

place (again, if the character has no Wisdom, a point of
Conviction is required). The more successes achieved,
the greater the recall. If the memory loss was the result
of monstrous powers (such as the Dominate power
Reveler's Memory), the inquisitor's player needs to roll
es than the roll to block or alter the
memory originally achieved.

Tervor

The life of an inquisitor is hard, and his calling
to serve God often means he has to put his own life
in danger. That danger can come in many forms: A

more succ

ravening man-beast, a burning building or just a
deadly leap. However, through his Zeal for the Lord's
service he can overcome the fear that assails him.
Whenever a character voluntarily chooses to
enter a dangerous or life-threatening situation, the
Storyteller may call for his player to make a Courage
+ Zeal roll (difficulty 6) to be able to do so. If the
character does not have a dot in Zeal, the player must
spend a point of Conviction to make the roll. If the
roll fails, the character is overtaken by terror. The

player may then decide to have his character press

RIVAL Y)

CHA Hi

I
wot

Wt

onward anyway, but loses one from all dice pools for
the remainder of the scene.

Confronting the overtly supernatural, such as a
vampire baring its fangs at the inquisitor, also calls
for a terror roll, at the difficulty of 8 minus the
character's rating in the Exposure Back
any. If the roll fails, the player loses two dice from all
pools until the end of the scene, or until the super-

ound, if

natural threat is vanquished or disappears.
Any use of fear-based supernatural powers (such
as the Presence power Dread Gaze) may also be
resisted by rolling Courage + Zeal (difficulty 6). If
the players achieves more successes than those scored
on the monster's roll, the inquisitor is unaffected by
the creature's power. Involuntary effects that don't
require a roll, such as the blind terror created by
werewolves, merely require a single success.
or roll causes the charé

Any botch on a ter ter

to flee as fast as he can from the agent of his terror.

Example: Toby, a Red Brother, faces a demon
spawn ona deserted country lane, on his way back to
the local church where he's been sleeping. The
demonic creature shows its true, monstrous aspect to
the frightened monk. Toby's player rolls Courage +

Zeal at difficulty 6 (8 — his Exposure rating of 2) and
scores a single success. Toby stands firm against the
monster and desperately starts to call upon the Holy
Art to bind the thing. The monster, determined to
be rid of this monk, tries to invoke fear in him
unnaturally. The Storyteller rolls the demon's Gnosis
for its fear power and gets three successes. Toby's
player rolls Courage + Zeal and botches. Toby runs
screaming into the night, while the demonic thing is
free to continue into the village.

Dealing

Injury in the Dark Medieval is a serious issue.
While the Inquisition has access to some of the best
healing available in Europe during the 13th century,
it is feeble indeed compared to modern abilities. Any
inquisitor who is sorely wounded faces months of

mend, unless some Endowment is used that grants
her a speedy recovery. Inquisitors heal at the same
rates that mortals do, barring divine intervention
(see p. 255 of Dark Ages: Vampire for mortal
healing times).

DungerandChiest

Fasting is seen as an important part of religious
devotion in the Dark Medieval. Characters may choose
to fast to help deepen their religious understanding, to
prove their commitment to their faith, as part of a
religious ritual or merely as penance for a perceived sin
against the Lord. Fasting can have serious effects on the
body, though, as detailed below.

At the Stor
ter receives a —2 difficulty modifier on all rolls to
regain Conviction through prayer.

teller's discretion, a fasting charac-

Dungec

Days 1 to 4

For each day without food, the character loses
t
his concentration. These penalties do not apply to
Endowment or Virtue rolls. The player may roll
Courage + Zeal, difficulty 7, to ignore these penalties
for a single scene. On days three and four the char-
acter also takes one level of bashing damage per day.

one die from all dice pools, as hunger begins to effe

One day of good nutrition will cancel out all
penalties.

Day 5 on

From the fifth day of fasting (or starvation) on,
the character takes one level of lethal damage per
two days of starvation. The dice pool penalties

KAGESHNQUISITOR -

J?

if?

a

' Ant VY
: j > #
} RE

continue to accrue until the character is too weak to

do move. If the character starts eating again, dice

pool penalties decrease by one each day, until they

disappear. Healing takes place at the normal lethal
damage rates.

Thiest

Thirst kills much more quickly then hunger.
Even characters that are fasting usually drink enough
water to keep themselves alive. However, characters
might find themselves subjected to extremes of thirst
as captives of the enemy or as part of a particularly
extreme fast.

i,

Each day that the character goes without con-
suming liquid or eating, he loses an extra die from all
pools on top of the fasting penalty. So, if he has
abstained from both food and liquid for two days, his
dice pools fall by four dice. After the second day of
dehydration, he suffers one level of lethal damage
per day, until he dies or is given water.

Once the character starts drinking again, the
dice lost to thirst return at the rate of two per day.
This does not affect the dice lost to hunger. Any
lethal damage suffered heals at normal rates.
Poisons

The line between beneficial and enjoyable herbs
and poisonous ones is fine and easily crossed, some-
times by accident and sometimes on purpose. Many
poisons are in use during the Dark Medieval. Here's
a list of the most common:

¢ Alcohol: Alcohol is commonly drunk in a
watered down state as the staple drink of many
communities, as it is usually safer than the local
drinking water. However, people still drink to get
drunk. Drinking has a rapid effect on a character's
capabilities. Each pint of beer or two gle
or spirits reduces the character's Dexterity and Intel-

es of wine

ligence pools by one die. This effect dissipates at the
rate of one die per hour.

* Food Poisoning (Salmonella): Food hygiene
is appalling in many places in the Dark Medieval.
Most people are fairly re
because they have developed immunities to most
bacteria, but salmonella can still strike. A severe

stant to food poisoning

dose of food poisoning inflicts between one and four
levels of bashing damage, as the character vomits her
stomach's contents up. He loses one dice from all
Stamina dice pools and two dice from all Dexterity
dice pools. The effects of food poisoning wear off
after about a day.

Lj

myc) aes

x
Gs mii

¢ Hashish: In common use in the Middle East
and imported into Europe, consuming hashish hi
s the user's ability to
concentrate. A character eating or smoking hashish
any dice pool involving Perception by two.
These effects last for approximately two hours.

A

a

calming effect but also affec

reduces

© Hallucinogens: Hallucinogenic drugs are an
essential part of the medical tool kit in the Dark
Medieval. Drugs such as cowbane, henbane and
nightshade (belladonna) are used as painkillers. A
character given such herbs in small quantities re-
duces all dice pools by between 2 and 4 dice,
depending on the amount of the drug consumed. For
larger doses, see Poison, below. Other effects are at
the Storyteller's discretion, but may include vivid
hallucinations or even a temporary extra point of
Courage. In small doses, these drugs reduce the
disabling effects of injury, lowering by 1 the dice pool
penalty inflicted by wounds. The effects of halluci-
nogens last for a number of hours equal to (10 -
Stamina).

ain Killers: Hallucinogens are not the only
drugs used to control pain. Herbs such as hemlock,
mandrake and monkshood are also used as painkill-
ers. In small doses, they reduce the disabling effects
of injury, reducing by 1 the dice pool penalty in-

flicted by wound
poisons. The effects last for a number of hours equal
to (10 — Stamina).

¢ Poison: Larger doses of hallucinogens or pain-
killers, or extracts such as arsenic, strychnine or
cyanide, can prove fatal. Once a character has in-
gested a poison, she suffers between one and three
levels of bashing damage every scene or turn, de-
pending on the severity of the poison in question.

. Again, in large doses they become

The damage continues to accumulate until the poi-
son wears off, the character dies or an antidote is
administered (should one exist).

Disease

Disease is a major factor in the lives of medieval
people, as it runs rampant through unsanitary condi-
tions and with little in the way of effective medicine
to control it. Various diseases are ever present across
Europe and elsewhere, of which the most common
are listed below.

A player whose character is suffering from a
disease may attempt a Stamina roll each day to fight
off the effects of the disease. Alternatively, if the
character is under medical care, an attending healer
or physician may roll Intelligence + Medicine for the
character. The Stamina roll is still required in this

ILE

case, but the difficulty is reduced by the attending
healer's Medicine rating. If these rolls succeed for
five days in succession, the character can be consid-
ered to have recovered from the illness. (For more
information on diseases and their specific symptoms,
see pp. 255 — 256 of Dark Ages: Vampire.)

¢ Dysentery (The Flux): A character suffering
from this condition will incur one level of Lethal
damage per day, until the disease is cured or he dies.

Difficulty of Medicine/Recovery roll: 8

© Drop:

se has one fewer h

A character suffering from this dis-
alth level than usual and may
never have a Stamina greater than 2.

e:

Difficulty of Medicine/Recovery roll: Incurable.
¢ Leprosy: A character with leprosy sees his
Appearance decrease by 1 dot for each month he
suffers the dis >. Even if the
character eventually throws off the disease, he is
forever scarred. Dice pools on all Physical and Social

ase, until it reach

rolls are decreased by 2 due to the debilitating nature
of this illness.

Difficulty of Medicine/Recovery roll: 9

¢ Plague: Characters with this disease suffer one
level of lethal damage per day, until dead or cured.
However, fever renders them effectively Incapaci-
tated for the length of the disease.

Difficulty of Medicine/Recovery Roll: 7

© St Anthony's Fire (Ergotism): Sufferers endure
three levels of bashing damage a day, along with a two

dice penalty to all their dice pools, as they struggle to
concentrate through the pain and convulsions.

Difficulty of Medicine/Recovery roll: 6*/9

© Syphil philis suf-
fer two levels of lethal damage every three days.

Difficulty of Medicine/Recovery roll: 8

¢ Tuberculosi:
three levels of lethal damage, per week. The also lose
one dot in Stamina or Strength each week as their
y. If either of the Traits reach zero,
the character collapses and incurs one level of Lethal
damage per hour until them die.

Difficulty of Medicine/Recovery roll: 10

Torture

Despite their Hell-granted strength and unnatural
flesh, many servants of the enemy are just as susceptible
to the ungentle ministrations of torture as heretics. In

cters contracting

Sufferers of tuberculosis suffer

body

astes aw

the few years since its inception, the Inquisition has
learned that although many of Satan's creatures can
heal ordinary wounds at unnatural rates, certain tech-
niques are far more effective on them.


Inquisitors have at their disposal a range of
torture devices designed to minimize the healing
abilities of monsters, for example by physically hold-
ing open a wound or by steadily streaming boiling
liquids into the wound. The character must have a
Torture rating of at least one to be able to use these
devices effectively. Those with no skill at all are
more likely to injure themselves than the hellspawn.

Yet, the physical damage inflicted on the crea-
ture is not the whole of the torture. More powerful
still is the psychological damage the inquisitor wreaks
on his victim. Satan's children are not used to being
helpless before mere mortals and can be taunted and
broken by a skilled inquisitor. Slowly, the creatures'
confidence in their own hellish abilities erodes, and
they confess to their demonic activities.

System: Once the victim is attached toa torture
device, damage is considered to happen automati-
cally. Such devices inflict between one and three
points of lethal or aggravated damage per half hour
of torture, and the inquisitor can determine the
degree inflicted. The art of torture is to get the victim
to confess before he (or it) expires or passes out. The
victim may soak as normal, provided he is able.

For each half hour of torture that results in damage,
the victim's player (usually the Storyteller), must make
a Willpower roll (difficulty equals 6 plus the inquisitor's
Torture rating) or confess and answer the inquisitor's
questions. All that's required is an answer, however, not
necessarily a truthful one, although Manipulation +
Subterfuge rolls should be required to construct plau-

sible lies in the face of torture (and wound penalties
most assuredly count). If the character doesn't break,
roll the torturer's Manipulation + Torture, with a diffi-
culty of the victim's Willpower.
point of temporary Willpower from the victim. When
the victim's Willpower is reduced to zero, he breaks and
confesses freely. Again, he may reveal truth or, if he has

ach success strips one

been given some indication of what the inquisitor wants
to hear, lies designed to stop the torture.

WMetits& Slavs
Aoysical

Dale (pt WMecif)

God has granted you a strong constitution, so
you may better serve His cause. You are rarely in less
than robust health and take ill infrequently. Sub-
tract two fromall difficulties to resist disease, whether
natural or supernatural in nature.


DISALLOWED
Gp )layers may not take the following
v Merits and Flaws for Dark Ages: In-
quisitor characters:

Physical: Eat Food, Blush of Health, Child,
Efficient Digestion, Smell of the Grave, 13th
Generation, Ragged Bite, Permanent Wound,
Flesh of the Corpse

Mental: Prey Exclusion, Religious Prohi-
bition, Flesh Eater, Territorial

Social: Apostate, Hunted, Outspoken Pa-
gan/Heretic (Note: Merits and Flaws referring
to a character's sire, such as Infamous Sire or
Prestigious Sire, are allowable, except that they
refer to an inquisitor's mentor and the charac-
ter must have the Mentor background to take
these Traits.)

Supernatural: Inoffensive to Animals, Me-
dium, Arcane Resistance, Oracular Ability,
Initiate to the Road, Touch of Frost, Repulsed
by Garlic, Repulsive to Animals, Cannot Em-
brace, Repelled by Crosses, Can't Cross
Running W t No Reflection, Blood
Madness, C amned, Light Sensitiv

Weak

Vain Resistant (2 pt Mecif)

The disciplines of faith, self-denial and mortifi-
cation have granted you an unusual resistance to
pain. Let Satan's spawn do their worst: The flesh
matters not. All wound penalties are reduced by one
(so at the Wounded health level your character loses
one die, not two).

Weak Lungs(2 pt flav)

God gives all inquisitors their own burdens to
bear. Yours is a deformity of your lungs, meaning that
you become winded easily. Increase the difficulties
ofall sustained physical activity (running, prolonged
combat, climbing, etc) by one.

Aderly 4 pf slaw)

God did not call you to his service until late in
your life. Although your mind and faith are strong,
your body is frail. Still, you bring experience to the
Inquisition, which mean that you never question the
wisdom of His choice, even though you lack the
ability to stand side by side with your more active
brethren. All difficulties on physical rolls increase by
one, and if you ever botch such a roll, you must
immediately roll the appropriate Attribute at diffi-

culty 6. If that roll botches, you lose a dot from the
Attribute. Dropping to zero in a Physical Attribute
may cripple or kill, at the Storyteller's discretion.

Mental
Uncanny Logic (2 pt Mecif)

All inquisitors have to be able to separate truth
from falsehood and right from wrong. You, however,
have an uncanny reasoning ability that allows you to
take apparently innocuous facts and ruthlessly de-
duce their true meaning. There is nothing
supernatural in this: God has merely granted you an
ordered and uncluttered mind that can work through
trains of thought more fully than others can manage.
Alldifficulties on rolls involving deduction decrease
by two.

Worship Obsession (I pt to 4 ptilaw)

God has laid a heavy burden upon you. Yousense

that he demands an unusually harsh regimen of

worship from you. It might be regular prayer at pre-
determined times, as practiced by monastic bothers
(1 point flaw). Two points might mean that you have
to stop and pray with every obvious sinner you meet.
A 3-point flaw might mean that you have to give up
all worldly goods of your own whenever you receive
them, whereas a 4-point flaw might demand self-
mortification or flagellation each evening, to drive
all the impurities from your corrupted flesh. Failure
to perform your chosen worship costs you two points
of Conviction for each day you miss, and missing
more than two consecutive days requires a roll to
avoid losing Piety.

Sickenedby the flesh(Z pilav)

You are easily sickened by the sight of base flesh
and all things to do with it. Whenever you witness a
gory scene of battle, obvious signs of the corrupted
flesh of the enemy or an overt display of carnal lust,
you must roll Willpower (difficulty 6). If the roll
fails, you are overcome with nausea for the next few
minutes. While this doesn't mean you spend the
time vomiting (unless the roll botches), it does mean
that all difficulties increase by one during that time.

Social

ReligiousHeritage (tpt Merit or daw)
When taken asa merit, Religious Heritage indi-

cates your family has a history of dedicated service in

the Church, with many of your relatives gaining
prominent positions through the years. That reputa-


tion works to your benefit as
well. If taken as a Flaw, how-
ever, your family has a dark
reputation as heretics, demon

thralls or pagans, a problem
that taints your name. You
receive a—2 to Social diffi-
culties when interacting
with members of the
Church or anyone else
who would be im-
pressed by your
lineage (if Religious
Heritage is a
Merit) ora +2 dif-
ficulty on such
rolls (if a Flaw).
House Murnau
characters may not take
this Trait.

Evangelist (Z pt Merit)

Your joy in your faith is a palpable thing
that others can sense. Good Christian folk enjoy
being in your company and often come away
with their own belief renewed by conversation
with you. You have knack for remembering apt
Biblical quotations that help people through
their days. You receive a —2 to all Social
difficulties when interacting with other
God-fearing Christians.

Initiate S- pt Mecit or law)

You have agreed to take on a
young inquisitor as your student.
He does not have any Blessings
yet, but he is showing a fine
aptitude for the business of
inquisition and a firm reso-
lution in the face of the
enemy. This isaheavy bur-
den, though, for you are
responsible for this child's
soul as well as his life.

If Initiate is taken asa
Merit, the student is intelli-
gent, faithful, and diligent in his
studies and prayer. He will fight for
you only in the most extreme of circum-
stances, but willingly does research or runs
errands for you when called upon to do so. He
may well yet be blessed by the Lord (the Story-
teller decides when this happens — if it does —

Bas -DARKAGESHN@UISITOR- See '

VA

F rack Ata 7

based on how much time you spend training him and
the experiences he has).

"3
i

If taken as a Flaw, the Initiate is a problem who
. He's incompetent, |:
and he lacks dedication to his faith. Your superiors
are reluctant to let him leave your service, for he
already knows too much about the shadow Inquisi-
tion, so you have to do your best to whip him into
some useful shape. However, he can be a danger and
a liability to the safety of your chapter.

hinders your worl

y, petulant

In either case, the Initiate requires training and
spiritual guidance. The Storyteller should take care
to ensure that the character is not reaping the
benefits of the Initiate without giving the appropri-
ate teaching.

Blasphernous Tongue G-pt slaw)

Although your faith is strong and your hatred of
heresy as great as anyone's, you cannot help but talk
about God and his servants in an irreverent way. It's
not that you are rude or insulting to Him, just that
you don't treat your faith with the gravity that the
Church demands. You suffer a +2 difficulty on all
Social rolls with other members of the Church, and
can expect your tongue to earn you censure from the
Inquisition sooner rather than later.

RelormedHecetic S- pt lave)

Many monastic and clerical orders have experi-
mented with variations on Christianity, which are
tolerated until such a time as a Papal Bull declares
them to be heresy. You followed such a path some
years ago, prior to joining the Inquisition. You were
granted the chance to repent and confess your sins
when your chosen faith was declared heresy, and you
accepted. While you are redeemed in the eyes of the
Church, many individuals, if they learn of your
history, will regard you with suspicion and possibly
even hatred. Should your history be revealed to
other inquisitors, members of the Church or even
the laity, it is up to the Storyteller to determine how
they react to you, but the response should be difficult
to deal with.

Supecnatucal
Doly Aura (2 pt Mecif)

God's touch upon you hz

an odd effect on the
people around you. They sense that there is some-
thing different about you. The religious are drawn to

you, and the criminal or heretical tend to avoid you
instinctively. However, everybody finds it hard to lie
to you or hide his true nature from you. All difficul-
ties on rolls to lie to you or conceal something from
you are increased by 2.

Doly Act Matucal 6- pt Merit)

One of the paths of the Holy Art comes very
easily to you. For
you with a particular aptitude, so that you may serve
him better. Whatever the cause, the experience cost
for your chosen path is (current rating x 4). Youneed
not begin with any dots in your chosen art; if you
choose not to, the cost to buy the first dot is 8

ome reason, the Lord has blessed

experience points.

Puce S- pt Mecif)

Most inquisitors begin play with an Acolyte-
level Curse (see Chapter Five for more information).
You, however, do not — either you have atoned for
your sins sufficiently to negate the need for divine
retribution, or you simply lead such a blameless life
that no contrition is necessary. Whatever the case,
you begin with an order Endowment, but no
Obviously, this Merit is not available to characte
beginning with their order benefit and drawback in
lieu of an Endowment.

€estatic(Z pt flaw)

Sometimes, your joy in the touch of the Holy
Ghost utterly overwhelms you and you speak in
tongues, have ecstatic fits or start prophesying in-

Ss

comprehensibly. Every time you use a Blessing or the
Holy Art and score more than three successes, you
must roll Willpower (difficulty 6) or give in to
ecstatic behavior. You may spend a Willpower point
to delay the effect by one scene, if you wish.

Gorsdudqment (2 pt toS- pilav)

You have sinned against the Lord sometime in the
past, and as a punishment upon you he has barred you
i ome of His Blessings. A 2-point flaw
bars you from gaining Orisons; a 3-point
particular form of Endowment or path of the Holy Art;
4-points ban you from gaining any Endowments; and 5
points ban you from gaining Blessings entirely. These
are NOT cumulative. You suffer the penalty for the
appropriate level only. That is, a character with the 4-
point version of this Flaw may learn Orisons and the
Holy Art, but not Endowments.

from receiving

v from a



Yiordano Viicola Wezentastoodinawe

as his comrade-at-arms forced the creatures back into the cistern. He rushed to
her side to close the door, but she waved him away and — still praying, her rosary
in one hand to drive back the fiends — she swung the heavy oaken door closed
and threw the bolt. Then she turned.

"| thank you for the attempt, Brother Giordano, but it's not necessary. | have
everything well in hand, so there is no need for you to endanger yourself: Come
morning, | shall open that door and perform last rites for all of those poor
creatures."

Giordano's jaw dropped. "But, Sister! A cell is on the way here, now — Sir
Giorgio andhis fellows — surely the Knights wouldbe better suited to that task."

Sister Vittoria Santini di Parma shook her head. "And supposing that one of
them fell to lingering too long to look on the creatures' hideous faces? And what
ifthe blood of that Poor Knight strengthened the creature? The results wouldbe
disastrous. But such creatures who feed on my blood choke, and you have seen it
with your own eyes." She pointed a gnarled finger at the young monk.

"Whether they choke or not, you would be just as dead," he answered,
gesturing helplessly around him.

Sister Vittoria turned her back on him. "Brother Giordano, please mind me.
You have been part of our Order for only a short time. | have been a Red Sister for
years. Kindly recall that | know best."

Brother Giordano took a few steps back and then stopped. "No."

The Sister turned on him, and the fire in her gaze remind Brother Giordano
that Sister Vittoria Santini di Parma was much younger and stronger than her
appearance would indicate. "No?"

He squared his shoulders. "No, Sister. | may not have been a member of the
order solongas you, but | recall what | have been taught, and my teachers taught
me that any member of our order — or indeed the Inquisition — who exhibits
unsound judgment in the face of the enemy is to be prevented from entering
battle and should be taken of F to pray." He stepped in front of the door of the
cistern and braced himself, although he knew that Sister Vittoria would never
strike him. "So, go of Fto pray, Sister. | shall watch the door until Sir Giorgio arrives.
| will not let you walk into death. We have seen too much together, and | know
that God still has work for you."


HAPCER FIV
hE WORD
OR GOD

| will execute great vengeance upon them with
furious rebukes, and they shall know that | am the
Lord when | shall lay my judgement down upon
them.

— Ezekiel 25:17

In the course of their many duties, inquisitors find
themselves delivered with all manner of curious bequests.
Many of these deliverances, called Blessings, are surely
signs of the Lord's divine favor; glorious abilities and
investments with which the blessed may better carry on
the good work. The role and purpose of many others,
however, is not so clearly defined. Occasionally, an in-
quisitor strays a bit too far from the path, and in so doing
returns marked by his own arrogance. These inquisitors
develop bizarre mystical afflictions, called Curses, which
serve evermore to remind him of his duties and of the times
during which he dared allow those same duties to fall by the
wayside. Those who repeatedly ignore their lot in life
invite more and more terrible Curses, and the hushed
prayers of many are filled with the remembrances of those


who have fallen too far to return, or even more
frighteningly have willingly cast all grace (and thus
God himself) aside, giving themselves over to the
abyss entirely.

Although few can say when or from where these
mystical forces may descend, or to what inscrutable
pattern they may adhere, most inquisitors accept the

righteousness and justice of their lot in life. Be it a

divine blessing ora curse, it is the solemn duty of the
inquisitor to take whatever measures are deemed
necessary by God in order to preserve and protect the
Flock. After all, the King of Heaven works in myste-
rious ways, and what righteous man would consider
it his place to question Heaven's will?
Blessings

The divine gifts of Heaven are as varied as they
are splendid.
number of different weapons with which to fight the
Adver
The most basic of these, Orisons, are even occasion-
ally found among the Flock. Members of the laity

who are endowed with such gifts make ideal candi-
dates for induction into the Inquisition.

ach inquisitor has at his disposal a

ry, each as glorious and as useful as the next.

In addition to Orisons, inquisitors have at their
disposal a more advanced type of Blessing called
Endowments. These powerful abilities and imbuings
are never found among the lay members of the
congregation, as only proper inquisitors have the
sanctity and dedication required to develop and
control such unearthly powers. These types of Bless-
ings

include more dynamic displays of the Lord's
power. They are funneled through and fueled by the
virtue of the inquisitor who been granted their
use. Alongside Endowments are the various paths
and applications of the Holy Art, a form of mystical
theurgy employed and developed by the seers and

di

scholars of the Inquisition. These powerful gifts
allow the blessed to stand toe-to-toe with witches,
warlocks and other sorcerous evildoers

Rounding out the Blessings, inquisitors also have
access to Holy Ground — places sanctified to God,
which provide soul-weary inquisitors with shelter and
spiritual revitalization
singular importance to the followers of Christ in their
war against the depredations of the Adversar

> +t .
Acquiring Blessings

Inquisitor characters start with one Orison.
Acquiring new Orisons may be done in play or

during downtime by "cashing in" 10 points of Con-
viction (see p. 161).

and Holy Relics, objects of

Inquisitors of at least Acolyte rank also begin
play with a single Endowment, chosen from the
character's order specialty. If the character is a mem-
ber of the Red Order, she begins with one dot on a
path of her choice and a single Level One ritus,
instead (the Holy Art is described later in this
chapter). From there, inquisitors acquire new Bless-
ings as they develop their sanctity and dedication to
the cause. Endowments are self-contained sets of
powers, granting the inquisitor the ability to call
upon different aspects of the power he has been
granted as he gradually develops his virtue. Thus, the
most virtuous of inquisitors are able to produce a
wide variety of effects from each individual Endow-
ment. Meanwhile, the Holy Art is more traditional
in structure, often allowing for quick acquisition of

new powers, but with each path producing nigh-
identical effects from practitioner to practitioner.
Endowmentsare not necessarily linear. Thismeans
that it is possible for a character to purchase an Advo-
cate-level Benediction for her character by spending 25
Conviction, regardless of whether the character al-

BLESSING Costs A
Blessing Experience Cost Conviction Cost
Superior Virtue None 10
New Orison* None 10
Acolyte Endowment None 15
Advocate Endowment None 25
Judge Endowment None 35
New Holy Art path - 10 None
Primary Holy Art path Current Level x 5 None
Secondary Holy Art path Current Level x 7 .~ None

* Buying this type of Blessing during game play requires express Storyteller permission.


ready has an Acolyte-level Benediction or not. Indeed,
it is even possible to purchase Endowments of a higher
level than the inquisitor's current stage of develop-
ment. Thiskind of rapid advancement, however.
with it the risk of Curses (see p. 201).

Otisons

These most fundamental of Blessings present a
curious paradox. While they are undeniably the
weakest of all divine gifts, they remain curiously

arries

discriminating about when and to whom they will
appear. Orisons are gifts from God, imparted directly
into the inquisitor's being through His grace alone.
They cannot be learned or developed
Blessings — only bestowed by virtue of divine favor.

s can other

Orisons are linked to the three basic Virtues:
Conscience, Self-Control, and Courage. This means
that members of the Flock can and sometimes do
exhibit these gifts, and that inquisitors may begin

play with one from any group they choose.

Otisonsot Conscience

Most Orisons of Conscience increase the
inquisitor's ability to perceive and interact with the
world around him, as he takes in God's mercy and
learns to accept it.

WMioral Compass

The character cannot overlook sin, not even his
own. He has a nearly unerring sense of how badly
those around him have trar

gressed against God,
and may, with some extra effort, even use that ability
to avoid Callousness.

System: The player rolls Perception + Con-
science (difficulty 6). If successful, the character
learns how badly those around him have sinned
(including the target's Piety rating, if she has one).
Pagans, heretics and other non-Christian humans
come sharply to the character's attention if the
player manages five successes, but do not appear odd

otherwise. Supernatural creatures may or may not
appear strange to a character using this Orison,
depending on whether they consider themselves
Christian and what manner of creature they are
(Storyteller's discretion, and she should feel no com-
punction to be consistent). This perception lasts for
one scene.

In addition, the character knows when she is
nearing Callousness and may spend ten minutes in
prayer to bring her Conviction to acceptable levels.
For every ten minutes she spends in this intense

+ DARK AGES: INQUISITOR -

fo

SE
(9?)
a
ai
&
a Dh
id

prayer, the player may spend one point of Convic-
tion and bank one (so the character loses two points
from her immediate total, but banks one toward
future Traits). This application of Moral compass
may be attempted only when the character is about
to become Callous (that is, her Conviction is equal
to her Piety).

Vloalsiavor

An individual blessed with Noah's Favor pos-
sesses a unique quality that soothes the hearts and
tempers of all nature's animals. Even wild beasts and
those trained to distrust humans will usually demur
at the approach of the gifted mortal.

System: The player spends a Conviction point
and rolls Perception + Animal Ken (difficulty 6),
allowing the inquisitor to communicate (albeit on a
purely empathic level) with a nearby animal. Suc-
cess indicates that the character can pick up on the
creature's primitive thoughts and thereby get the gist
of whatever it might be "thinking." This limited
form of communication lasts for the scene (or until
he tires of listening to the animal). Alternately, the
character may attempt to calm an angry or fright-
ened animal, possibly as a precursor to the above
effect. This requires the same expenditure and roll.

The True Innocent

Very few in the Dark Medieval world are truly
innocent; the hidden forces at work typically move
to rob all innocence at an early age. Yet, a character
with this Blessing has somehow remained untainted,
a beacon of purest light in the darkness of his times.

System: The character's saintly nature provides
him with a deep sense of caring and compassion,
reducing the difficulty of all Conscience rolls by one.
Furthermore, he may spend a point of Conviction to
compel others to recognize the depth of his sanctit

Beings so compelled must succeed in a Willpower
roll (difficulty of the inquisitor's Piety) in order to
take any harmful or aggre:
so long as the creature remains in his presence. The
Inquisitor may not use this latter application of True
Innocent while Callous.

Otisonsol Self-Control

The gift of common sense is one which is often
attributed to the "simple, working man" in the Dark
Medieval world, and these Blessings of insight and

sive action against him for

common sense provide some indication of why this
has come to be the case.


) rae

/ Tae "th mn

Blessing of Years

Regardless of the character's actual age, his mind
is gifted with wisdom beyond its years. He has a
tendency to grasp new concepts quite easily, and
generally he seems to act with more maturity and

confidence in most everyday situations.

System: At all times, the gifted inquisitor oper-
ates ata distinct advantage when it comes tocommon
sense and learning. This Orison lowers the difficul-
ties of all Knowledge rolls by one (these difficulties
cannot be reduced to any less than 5 by means of this
Orison alone; thus, if the difficulty for a Knowledge
roll begins at 5, this Orison provides no further
benefit). By spending a Conviction point, however,
this broadness of wisdom and reason may even ex-
pand to include aspects of topics he has not studied
yet. Such an expenditure may "push" the character's
understanding forward a notch, allowing him to
operate as though he had an additional (albeit illu-
sory) dot in any one Knowledge he already possesses.
The effects of this momentary flash of insight are
good only for the scene, after which the divine spark
recedes, leaving the inquisitor operating at his nor-
mal (albeit advanced) capacity.

Eye of Vigilance

The inquisitor requires much less sleep than the
average person and finds that he can function quite well
on as little as three hours a night. In addition, the
character is roused more easily than others and awakens
at the slightest disturbance of his surroundings.

System: By spending a point of Conviction, a
character gifted with the Eye may extend his vigilance
throughout the night, allowing him to require no sleep
whatsoever until he retires the following evening.
Although he will not feel as fully refreshed the follow-
ing morning as if he had truly slept, his mind and body
will be none the worse for wear and none of his dice
pools will suffer during the day. If a character wishes to
end his vigilance over succ
increases by one Conviction point each additional
night (i.e., he would have to spend three Conviction
points to stay awake through the third consecutive
night). Thus, itis difficult for even the most committed
of inquisitors to sta
tive days by means of this Orison.

The Fenifent Wan

Simply by knowing his place in God's plan, a
simple man can often understand more about the great
wide world than the mightiest of kings or the most
erudite of scholars. A virtuous mortal with this Blessing

e ive nights, the cost

ake for more than four consecu-

may even receive vague impressions of whenan activity
or occurrence has upset the will of Heaven.

System: At all times, the character has a deep
and abiding connection with the divine, on the
purest and most basic of levels. The difficulty of all
Self-Control rolls is decreased by one. By spending a
Conviction point, however, the character can ac-
tively prostrate his very soul before Heaven,
connecting with its heavenly host and thereby open-
ing his heart and mind to the "divine vibrations" of
its ebb and flow. At these times, he may roll Self-
Control + Wisdom (variable difficulty) to geta sense
of how Heaven "feels" about one event that has just
taken place. (Storytell
tic when imparting any information gained through
use of this Orison.)

Otisonsof Courage

These types of Blessings involve aspects of lead-
ership, courage and willpower, and somewhat
curiously, are found equally as often among all the
members of the Flock — rich and poor, male and
female alike.

The Hierophant

A person gifted with this Blessing is singled out
by Heaven for his unshakable will in the face of
adversity, and in turn, rewarded for it. He is the very
model of poise and grace under fire, even as he walks
in the shadow of death, and can do naught but
inspire those around him with his fearlessness.

System: Reduce the difficulty of all Courage rolls
by one. In addition, if the player spends a Conviction
point and succeeds in a Courage roll (difficulty 6), the
character may inspire the same glory in his comrades.
Foreach success, one person may (the character chooses
whom, but the targets must be able to see the
Hierophant) reduce the difficulty of his Courage rolls
by one for the rest of the scene.

encouraged to be ¢:

ar

yp-

Sanguine Dymn

The one song of the Heavenly host runs thick
through the character's veins. Even her very blood is
alive with her faith in the divine, thereby making it a
virulent poison toany damned soul who would dare spill
it in the name of preserving its own unholy existence.

System: The character's blood causes terrible
wounds to any creatures that drink of it; one aggra-
vated wound per blood point imbibed. Vampires
drinking the inquisitor's blood, in addition to this
damage, gain no benefit from the effort. Further-
more, the character may spend a point of Conviction

» CHAPTER FIVE >
» THEWORD OF GOD -


\. re
OS i se es ib +

to intensify the faith in her blood, allowing it to
preserve its "toxicity" outside the character's body.
Roll Courage (difficulty 6), with success indicating
that a bit of the character's blood will cause similar
damage if splashed upon any demon, vampire or any
other corporeal servant of evil (ghosts and other
ethereal beings are unaffected). This toxicity fades
once the blood dries.

Talespinner

The individual possesses

a natural, unaffected zeal
when spreading the Word of God. His delight in being
one with the Lord comes through with every utterance,
and many cannot help but be swept up in his dynamic

retellings of various passages of Scripture.

System: Subtract two from the difficulty of all
Performance rolls. Additionally, the player may spend
a point of Conviction and roll Charisma + Courage
(difficulty of the target's Willpower). If successful, one
person to whom the character is speaking becomes
transfixed by his tale, unwilling to leave or break eye
contact until the character is finished. Spending a
Willpower point allows the target to shake free, but the
target probably won't do so without a compelling
reason. This hypnotic effect is broken if the target is
attacked or otherwise shaken free of the inquisitor's
gaze, and is useless against those who cannot hear the
sound of the inquisitor's voice.

€ndovornents

Once a devout mortal is pulled up from the Flock
and inducted into the Inquisition proper, he gains
the ability to develop his mystical connection to the
divine. Although he maintains whatever holy Orisons
he had known before the advancement (and indeed,
may even acquire additional ones), he may now
possess yet more powerful versions of the relatively
minor Blessings he had demonstrated previously.
These high-powered favors of the Divine are known
as Endowments.

In starting Dark Ages: Inquisitor chronicles,
characters may begin play with one Endowment
from their order's favored category (see Chapter
Three) and gain others as time and experience allow
(see Acquiring Blessings table). All Endowments
require the inquisitor to "cash in" Conviction before
they may be bought and learned. This means that
whenever the character has amassed and set aside an
appropriate amount of Conviction, he may spend
that Conviction all at once to learn a new Endow-
ment. These are decision-making times, however, as
Conviction expenditure is also required in order to

ae

—

Ba. DARKAGESHINOUISITOR -

J

gain a new Superior Virtue, forcing inquisitors to
make the difficult choice between power and sanc-
tity. There are four broad categories of Endowments
in Inquisitor games: Benedictions (the power of
prayer, perfected by the Oculi Dei), Legacies (the
birthrights of the House of Murnau), Psalms (the
voice of faith itself, spoken through the Sisters of St.
John), and Investitures (which make vessels for the
will of Heaven of the Knights of Acre). The Red
Order uses the Holy Art as its specialty.

Each category of Endowments is broken up into
three "power levels," roughly corresponding to each
of the three inquisitor stages (there are actually four
ranks, but one cannot acquire Endowments at all
until he reaches the Acolyte stage). An inquisitor
can gain Blessings from a stage higher than the one
at which he is currently operating by voluntarily
gaining a Curse (see Acquiring New Curses, p. 202).
Thus, only the most dedicated or ambitious inquisi-

tor has access to the truly potent Endowments.

Each of the Endowments has three separate
effects, based on the three Superior Virtues. Thus, an
inquisitor gains access to additional powers
acquires dots in the other two Superior Virtues,
without having to learn a new Endowment. (It is
important to note, however, that only one applica-
tion of each Endowment is possible in a given turn;

as he

thus, even if the outward manifestation of the power
is the same for all three classes of Virtue-determined
powers, only one may take effect at any one time).
Inqui:
complete servant of God, they must endeavor to be

itors come to understand that in order to be a

well rounded in their overall spiritual commitment.
Those who do, placing the acquisition of Superior
Virtues above all else, will eventually reap the ben-
efits of His divine favor.

The Endowment examples that follow are pre-
mples. They are not the only
Endowments available to characters, simply those
that are most commonly reported. The players may
feel free to design others, subject to Storyteller
approval. Unless otherwise noted in the description,
any initial rolls and/or expenditures required for the
primary power are likewise required for any and all
ancillary effects as well.

Benedictions

This category of Endowments represents a col-
lection of divinely inspired prayers, recitations to
the soul through which the wonders of the Lord may
be worked. As Benedictions are the specialty of the

cisely that — e


c* ia

Oculi Dei, many of its individual effects involve
vigilance and secrecy.

Deaventy Shepherd(Ceayte)

This most basic of Benedictions grants the in-
quisitor the ability to call upon Heaven to allow him
to move freely amongst the Flock, that he may serve
them without undue distraction. Just as one cannot
gaze directly upon the Lord himself, so too does His
faithful servant gain the ability to pass unnoticed by
the eyes of men. Heavenly Shepherd allows the Eye
of God to "hide in plain sight" even as he does
Heaven's work, and even to cloud the minds of those
whose knowledge of his actions would do more harm
than good.

System: The Wisdom-based effect of this En-
dowment allows the inquisitor to use the will of
Heaven to cloud the minds of the damned, shielding
his presence from supernatural creatures even as he
stands openly among the Flock. This non-percepti-
bility is free of cost, requiring only that the character
pray (silently or otherwise), and it may be main-
tained so long as the character continues to pray. If
another being actively seeks him out, the player
must engage in an opposed roll to see if the inquisitor
stays hidden. The player rolls Wits + Wisdom (dif-
ficulty 6), opposed by the Wits + Alertness (difficulty
of the inquisitor's Piety) of the creature attempting
to locate his presence. If he acquires more successes,

he stays hidden.

The Faith-based effect of this Endowment is the
flip side of the primary effect. By focusing the will of
Heaven on himself and his immediate surroundings,
the inquisitor may protect the fragile minds of nearby
mortals from the sight of supernatural creatures and
occurrences. The player rolls Charisma + Faith (dif-
ficulty 6) and spends one Conviction point, allowing
the character to create a barrier of ignorance through
which no ordinary mortal may see. This zone ex
tends a number of yards from the inquisitor equal to
his Conscience + Faith. Mundane onlookers and
passersby simply ignore any supernatural occurrences
within this zone for the remainder of the scene.

The Zeal-based effect allows the inquisitor to
remove the memory of a supernatural occurrence
from the mind of one or more of the Flock. He recites
a soothing prayer of peace and divine submission to
the target, during which his player must spend a
point of Conviction and roll Manipulation + Zeal
(difficulty of the target's Willpower). If the roll is
ful, the mortal's mind is gently wiped clean of

the unpleasant images it has just witnessed, allowing
her to return to her normal life. Such images must be
fresh, however, and only recent events (those taking
place since the last sunrise) may be thus eased free of
the mind.

Gitt of Second Sight Acolyte)

Many Oculi Dei are gifted with a preternatural
awareness to help them in the cause. This awareness,
often called "the Sight," allows an Eye to discern
who is human and who is not among the Flock. It
even allows such inquisitors to seek out supernatural
creatures wherever they may be, regardless of the
latter's efforts to foil being observed.

System: The player may roll Perception + Wis-
dom (usually at difficulty 6) to allow her character to
discern supernatural creatures in his immediate area.
This "second sight" reveals creatures that disguise
themselves in unassuming forms, or those that sim-
ply are not human or alive, but it does not reveal the
true natures of those beings. Rather, the character
ature':
give its true nature away. For example, a vampire
might appear as an unusually pallid human who
obviously draws no breath. It is up to the character
(and the player) to interpret what is revealed. The
Sight remains active for one turn per success. Spend-

receives hints about the appearance that

ing a point of Conviction, however, extends the

duration to one scene.

The Faith-based application of the Sight grants
the inquisitor the supernatural ability to see in com-
plete darkness or when otherwise blinded. This
effect is entirely a product of the character's Faith,
and permits sight even when his eyes are damaged
(or missing entirely). If the player makes a successful
Perception + Faith roll (difficulty 6), the character
m
inaclear, well-lit room. Supernatural darkness, such
as that created by the Obtenebration power Noc-
turne, requires the expenditure of a Conviction
point as well as a roll.

see what lies in front of him as though he were

The Zeal effect allows the inquisitor to pierce
the veil of a supernatural creature's magically cre-
ated obfuscation. The player rolls Perception + Zeal
(difficulty 6), opposed by the creature's Wits +
Stealth (also difficulty 6). If he acquires more suc-
ses than the creature, the character sees through

ce:
its foul dissembling. The inquisitor may pierce such
Disciplines such as Obfuscate and Chimerstry with
this Blessing, provided he has some reason to feel
suspicious of what he sees.


Divine Liturgy Wdvocate)

This Endowment aids the inquisitor in fulfilling
his promise to himself and to God that he will strive
in all things to protect the Flock. By speaking a brief
recitation of scripture, the character may impose his
devotion to the cause (and thus the will of Heaven)
upon either another individual's conscience or upon
his very own soul.

System: The Wisdom application of Divine
Liturgy allows the character to bolster his own will
through prayer. Roll Self-Control + Wisdom (diffi-
culty 6) and spend one Conviction point. If successful,

the character regains a point of temporary Will-
power. This effect can be performed only once per
day.

The Faith aspect of the Divine Liturgy allows
the inquisitor to reverse the "stream" of his daily
recitation, praying instead for reinvigoration of his
dedication to the cause. With a successful Con-
science + Faith roll (difficulty 6), the character
replenishes one point of Conviction per success, up
to his Piety rating. This power can be exercised only
once per day, and is typically performed late at night
just before the inquisitor retires to sleep.

To invoke the Zeal aspect, the character must
convince another of the justness of his cause by
speaking plainly to him in the words of the Apostles.
The inquisitor's player must roll Charisma + Zeal at
a difficulty of the target's Willpower. If this roll is
successful, the character may make one suggestion to
the target which the target must endeavor to fulfill.
Although the target feels no direct supernatural
compulsion being forced upon him, he may still
choose to overcome the effect by spending a number
of Willpower equal to the number of successes
achieved. In this event, the target becomes immune
to further applications of this power for the remain-
der of the story. This power is useless when employed
against those not of the faith (although it does work
on heretics). This power cannot be used to force a
target to harm himself or in any way break the tenets
of the Christian faith.

3 Exultin Thee Advocate)

"The law of the Lord is my delight," says the
Psalm, and even the laity of the Oculi Dei under-
stand this principle. By praising God, silently or
openly, the character may infuse others with love for
Him and His laws, causing them to lay down weap-
ons or drive onlookers to their knees in humility.

System: The Wisdom facet of this power allows
the inquisitor to cut through a target's countenance


to see the true person beneath. Spend one point of
Conviction and roll Charisma + Wisdom (difficulty
of the target's Willpower). If successful, the target
forgets all pretense of dissembling or even humility
and embraces his true Nature, acting it out fully and
completely for the remainder of the scene. In es-
sence, it makes one's Demeanor the same as one's
Nature, thereby allowing a perceptive inquisitor to
discern the latter through the target's behavior. (A
target with the Child archetype would begin to act
more childlike and innocent, etc.) The target also
has trouble lying for the duration of this Blessing; any
attempt to tell a direct and outright lie requires a
Willpower roll (difficulty of the inquisitor's Piety).

By calling upon his Faith, the character can use
his love of the Lord to stay the hand of any nearby
combatants. The player rolls Charisma + Faith (dif-
ficulty 6), and if successful, no creature within (Faith)
yards of the inquisitor may aggress against another.
Creatures wishing to do harm must roll Courage
(difficulty 6) and acquire more successes than did
the inquisitor.

An Eye of God who embraces his Zeal by means
of this Endowment may use himself as a conduit for
the boundless love of the King of Heaven. If the
player succeeds on a Charisma + Zeal roll (difficulty
of the target's Willpower), he fills a chosen target
with the overwhelming love of God. Two reactions
are possible, depending upon the target's relation-
ship with God: Most mortals thus affected will fall to
their knees, crying and laughing in jc
tions often run in shame from the inquisitor. In the
case of those compelled to flee, they may remain in

; abomina-

the character's presence only by spending a Will-
power point and succeed on a Willpower roll
(difficulty of the inquisitor's Piety).

Water to Wine Gudge)

Just like Christ's miracle of the loaves and the
fishes, the inquisitor can take an ordinary yday
object and transform it into another everyday object
simply by reciting a short prayer and sanctifying the
object to God. He must lay his hands on the original
object and ask Heaven's permission to make the

evel

change; if granted, he will feel the object become
something else under his very touch. With practice,
he may even learn how to return dead and dying
tissue to its former, healthy state.

System: The Wisdom application of this power
requires the player to spend two Conviction points
and roll Dexterity + Wisdom. The difficulty depends
on how drastic the transformation. Transforming a

ee ee

+ THE WOR

CHART

Degree of Change Difficulty

Slight 6

Moderate 7

Goodly 8

Major 9

Vast 10

Wisdom Rating Amount Changed

One Small (one pint or four ounces)
Two Moderate (one quart or one pound)
Three Goodly (one gallon or five pounds).
Four Major (five gallons or 25 pounds)
Five Vast (30 gallons or 150 pounds)

cup of water intoa cup of wine is only aslight change,
whereas transforming a cup of water into a piece of
lead would be a vast change of all component mate-
rials involved. The total amount of transformable
mass is determined by the character's Wisdom rat-
ing. See the sidebar for difficulties and allowable
mass of material.

The Faith application allows the inquisitor to
transform scarred and damaged tissue into living,
healthy flesh. He must kneel over the wound, whis-
pering a benediction to the Lord and lay his hands
upon the damaged area as he speaks. During this
time, his player rolls Conscience + Faith (difficulty
6) and each success heals one health level of damage
(bashing, lethal, or aggravated).

The Zeal application allows the inquisitor to
tear apart the seams in another's flesh, thereby
rendering it into jagged chunks. After making physi-
cal contact, the player rolls Strength + Zeal (difficulty
6); each success inflicts one level of aggravated
damage. Creatures currently without earthly form
are immune to this effect, and any inquisitor who
uses this application of Water to Wine on a human
being (obvious servants of the Adversary don't count)
must immediately roll Conscience to avoid losing a
dot of Piety.

Investifures

This category of Blessings is the pride and specialty
of the military order of the Inquisition, the Knights of
Acre. Its individual Endowments are each marked by
an infusion of the divine into the body and spirit of the
ble
Investitures draw upon the divine righteousness placed

sd. Rather than invoking an outside effect, most

within the inquisitor to produce a variety of effects
through the agency of his form.

EREIVE a
0 d=


Catechumen (Acolyte)

The name of this power refers to a person being
instructed in Christian doctrine prior to the sacra-
ment of baptism. One of the more commonly
exhibited Blessings among the Knights of Acre,
Catechumen allows the character to exemplify his
early lessons in valor, humility, and constancy.

System: For the Zeal effect, the character re-
learns the first and one of the most important knightly
lessons — the lesson of valor. The player spends one
point of Conviction and rolls Courage + Zeal (diffi-
culty 6). Once this power has been activated, the
character cannot be made to retreat or to otherwise
move from the spot at which he stands unless he so
wishes. He is immune to fear-causing powers and
effects entirely, and may roll Courage + Zeal (vari-
able difficulty, depending upon the strength of the
assailing force) to resist any physical force that
would compel him to move.

The Faith aspect of this power draws on the
valuable lesson of humility. Provided that no sin
currently weighs on the Knight's soul, he may call
upon his faith and righteousness to bolster him in
battle against the enemy. The player spends a point
of Conviction for the character, and for the remain-
der of the scene the character may soak lethal damage,
and he adds his Faith dice to his soak pool. If,
however, the character has sinned and not made up
for it (that is, succeeded in a Conscience roll to avoid
losing Piety, but not yet undergone the sacrament of
confession), he may not use this power.

Constancy — the spiritual fortitude that marks
the Knights of Acre — is the purview of the Wisdom
application of Catechumen. The player may spend a
Willpower point and a Conviction point to negate a
botch on any roll involving a Virtue (basic or Supe-
rior). This application of Catechumen may only be
used once per story.

Cra nfigueation of the dlesh(Aeolyyte)

The inquisitor has been invested with the power
to alter his physical capabilities by calling upon his
unshakable virtue. By means of this Endowment,
knights can bolster their reserves of strength or
toughness, readying themselves for the battle at
hand.

System: The Zeal application of this power
strengthens the inquisitor's body. The player spends
a Conviction point and rolls Stamina + Zeal (diffi-
culty 7). She may then add dice to the character's
Strength and/or Stamina ratings for the duration of
a single combat. Each success gained on this roll

a

+ DARKAGESHIN@UISITOR -

translates to one die the player can add to either
Attribute; for example, if the roll resulted in three
successes, she might add two dice to the character's
Strength rating and one die to his Stamina rating for
the remainder of the scene. This power may be used
only once per scene.

Ifthe inquisitor also has dots in Faith, he may opt
to use this power to cleanse his flesh of taint. The
player may roll Strength + Faith to rid the character's
body of poison or other foreign substances. The
difficulty depends on the intruding material; purging
one's bloodstream of alcohol would be only difficulty
4, whereas removing vampiric blood or other super-
natural poison from his system would probably be
difficulty 9. Note that this power does not remove
spiritual or psychological taint of any kind.

By using the Wisdom aspect, the character may
shut out the crippling effects of pain. The player rolls
Stamina + Wisdom (difficulty 7), reduces the
character's wound penalties by the number of suc-
cesses rolled. For example, if the player scores two
successes, her character suffers no wound penalties
until he is Crippled (and even then, only suffers a —3
to dice pools, not —5). The effects of this temporary
boost in endurance fade at the end of the scene.

ight of Gigels Advocate)

This Endowment allows the inquisitor literally to
reap the divine whirlwind when in combat with the
minions of the Adversary. His virtue fills him with a
fleetness of foot or of mind, allowing him to assail
targets with a flurry of blows or even to preternaturally
sense the approach of impending evil. When asked to
the describe the sensations brought on by use of this
Endowment, many knights describe the feeling as "be-
ing held aloft by the wings of angels."

System: The Zeal aspect of Flight of Angels
allows the inquisitor to speed up his reflexes to truly
superhuman levels. The player spends a point of
Conviction and rolls Dexterity + Zeal (difficulty 6).
For every two successes on this roll, the character
receives one additional action on the next turn
without having to take a multiple action (e.g., four
successes translates to two extra actions). These
bonus actions may only be used for physical actions,
and the maximum number of additional actions
permissible through this power is equal to the
character's Zeal rating.

Calling upon his Faith, the character can also use
his enhanced reflexes to jump in the way of an oncom-
ing attack, essentially martyring himself for the cause.
On any turn in which he has a higher initiative total


than a potential attacker, the player may spend a point
of Conviction toallow the Knight to automatically dart
in the way of a physical assault that was meant for a
nearby compatriot (the character may then attempt to
parry or block the blow, but at +1 difficulty). The
distance of this power is limited by the amount of
ground he can cover in this split second — two feet per
dot of Faith the character possesses. If the would-be
martyr's initiative is lower than the attacker's, he may
still make the attempt, but the player must succeed in
a Wits + Faith roll (difficulty 7) in order for the
character to get there in time.

The Wisdom application of this Endowment
allows the inquisitor to enhance his mental quick-
ness and response time. The player rolls Wits +
Wisdom (difficulty 6), with each success temporarily
boosting the character's Wits score by one dot. If this
increase raises his Wits above 5, the character gains
the ability to presage oncoming attack. In game
terms, the player may roll Wits + Alertness (diffi-
culty 7); any successes either translate to extra dice
usable to parry or dodge an incoming attack or add to
the character's initiative that turn. Regardless of the
outcome of the roll, this application of the Endow-

ment lasts only for a brief period (ten minutes or for
the remainder of the scene, whichever is shorter). At
the end of this time, the character's acuity and
reflexes return to normal; if the character had been
operating at a truly superhuman level (Wits 6 or
above), he must spend a Willpower point at this time
in order to adjust to the sudden change in world
perspective, or else his Wits rating plummets to | for
the next hour.

Spicit of the Resurrection (Advocate)

Some inquisitors are divinely invested with the
power to control the ebb and flow of life force within
themselves and others. Those with this Endowment
can cure the sick and the lame simply by laying a kiss
upon the patient's forehead; more spectacularly,
they may even use the power of life itself to boil away
the infernal essence of the damned
this Endowment in action among the living often
gives pause to those who would belittle the Knights
of Acre as "mere soldiers."

2eing the use of

System: The Zeal aspect of this power allows the
inquisitor to draw strength from a demon's pain.
After the inquisitor wounds the creature, the player

rolls Perception + Zeal (difficulty 6) and the target
resists by rolling Stamina (also difficulty 6 —Cainites
may add Fortitude to this roll). For each success the
player achieves in excess of the target's successes, the
inquisitor regains a point of Conviction (up to the
limit of his Zeal). If the character regains even a
single point of Conviction in this way, the target
loses one point of temporary Willpower.

By calling upon his reserves of Faith, an inquisi-
tor with this Endowment may also choose to kiss
away the wounds of the living. The player rolls
Conscience + Faith (difficulty 6) and spends a vari-
able number of Conviction points, allowing her
character to heal one level of lethal damage or two

levels of bashing damage per point spent. Only living
beings may benefit from this application.

The Wisdom aspect of this power allows the
character to know his foe intimately — so inti-
mately, in fact, that many Knights require a period of
cleansing prayer after applying this power to servants
of the Adversary. The character must touch the
target, and the player spends a Conviction point and
rolls Perception + Wisdom (difficulty 7). For each
success, the Knight learns one fact about the target,
usually an unpleasant one
unholy powers... occasionally even its God-given
vulnerabilities. If the player rolls three or more
, she may opt to learn only one fact, but may
specify what her character learns.

Autoda se Gudge)

This potent Blessing is one of the reasons why
supernatural creatures have good reason to fear the
truly dedicated warriors among the Knights of Acre.
It allows an inquisitor to square off against his oppo-
nent in melee combat, focusing his virtue and his
strength in preparation for what he hopes will be the
final, telling blow of the duel. Frighteningly enough,
this moment of calm before the strike does indeed
seem to herald the beginning of the end with alarm-
ing regularity.

its sins, its appetites, its

System: The Zeal application of this power
requires the player to spend a point of Conviction
and roll Perception + Zeal (difficulty 6). If this roll
ful, the character may add his
bonus damage dice to his next attack, whether close

is succ: eal rating as

combat or ranged. In addition, this damage is always
considered aggravated.

The Faith application of this power allows the
Knight to channel the power of God through his
very body, calling down the Heavens ina true act of
Faith. The player expends as much Conviction as

she wishes (minimum of three points) and rolls
Charisma + Faith (difficulty 10 — the number of
Conviction points spent, minimum difficulty 4). If
the roll is successful, the character quite simply
performs a miracle. The exact form this takes is up to
God (and the Storyteller) but it is always beneficial
to the inquisitor and his comrades. Perhaps the
inquisitors are all instantly healed or granted extra
Conviction or Willpower, or perhaps every demon
present is immediately struck by a burning shaft of
light. Whatever the result, the Knight who calls
down this power is spent and can take no action for

the remainder of the scene.

While the Knights are able warriors, the Wis-
dom application of the Auto da Fé shows their
capability as tacticians as well. The player spends
one Conviction point and rolls Perception + Wis-
dom (difficulty 7). If successful, the Knight knows
the exact layout of his current "battlefield," be it an
actual field, a forest, or a building's interior. He
knows the location of every enemy therein (this only
functions on actual "soldiers" — a building might
contain any number of servants, but this power
won't register them, although a soldier disguised as a
servant would become apparent) and their strength
relative to his own (supernatural creatures often
appear stronger, for example). This perception lasts
for onlyamoment, but the Knight may use the power
multiples times to check on the movement of his
enemies. Once the power has been used once, the
Knights receives a bonus to his initiative rating
equal to the number of successes on the initial roll
(for example, if the player rolls three succe
also adds three to the Knight's initiative for the
remainder of the battle).

Legacies

The House of Murnau wields powers of detec-
tion that most other inquisitors would envy, if they
didn't know the price of such av
Endowments allow the Murnau the power to per-
ceive and eventually direct the forces of Hell — and
this does little for their reputation.

s, she

reness. Legacy

Other inquisitors may choose to purchase Lega-
cies, but doing so always requires a roll to see if anew
Curse is acquired. If a Curse is indeed levied, it must

come from the Maledictio category.

Sorbidden Wisdom (Acolyte)

The House of Murnau has been beholden to
terrible mysteries and secrets for generations. Even
the youngest of them has a relationship with corrup-


tion, whether that relationship is one of repulsion...
or understanding.

System: The Faith aspect of Forbidden Wisdom
is the one the House is most famous for — the ability
to smell corruption. Supernatural creatures of all
stripes simply reek to the Murnau. The exact scents
vary from person to person; the player is free to
personalize her character's exact manifestation of
the curse. In game terms, any supernatural creature
(including ghouls) triggers these senses.

However,

the presence of the smell does not necessarily equate
the presence of an abomination — a Murnau might
smell decaying flesh around the supernatural, but
she still smells that odor in a charnel house as well.
This power is in constant use, no matter whether the
character wishes it to be or not. Hig
of evil might raise the difficulties of cer
simply due to the distraction the stench presents
(Storyteller's discretion).

h concentrations

ain rolls,

A Murnau character who uses the Wisdom ap-
plication of this power may detect more mundane
corruption, allowing her to detect the cloying odor
of lies. The player rolls Perception + Wisdom (diffi-
culty 7) and spends a point of Conviction. Success
allows the character to judge the veracity of one
spoken statement. Note that this power detects only
deliberate lies — if a target is making a statement she
believes to be true, the Murnau won't know any
differently.

The Zeal facet of this power makes the character
noticeable and frightening to servants of Satan.
Supernatural creatures feel uneasy in her presence,
although they won't necessarily know why. In game
terms, the player adds her character's Zeal rating to
all Intimidation rolls against the supernatural. How-
ever, this power makes for poor negotiations with
the enemy — any dice pool meant to positively

interact with a supernatural being (including con-
vincing it to repent) loses an number of dice equal to
the character's Zeal. This power is permanent and
cannot be switched off.

Noblesse Ollige Acolyte)

Despite its otherworldly problems, the House of
Murnau is still a noble house, and this means its
members look on others as their charges. However,
the curse taints everything, and even the house's
feudal vows feel that taint. This power allows the
Murnau to bring his arcane heritage to bear while
relating to others.

System: The Faith application of this power
allows the character to lend strength to his fellows in

the form of Conviction. The character must touch
his intended target, and the player rolls Charisma +
Faith (difficulty 7). For each success, the character
may donate one point of Conviction to the target.
Note that the Murnau has no way to know whether
doing so will make the target Callous (unless he first
uses the Advocate-level Legacy Wreathed in Shad-
s to determine this), and the Storyteller should
not allow the players to discuss the number of points
thus donated.

ov

Whereas the Wisdom application of Forbidden
Wisdom allows the Murnau to detect lies, that
application of Noblesse Oblige lets the inquisitor
know his target's heart. If the target is a hypocrite or
a generally untrustworthy person, the inquisitor can
smell it before the target ever says a word. The system
for this power is identical to the Wisdom facet of
Forbidden Wisdom — the player rolls Perception +
Wisdom (difficulty 7) and spends a point of Convic-
tion — save that it lasts for a scene and may be used
onanyone the inquisitor approaches, rather than on
one specific target. Anyone the Murnau meets is
then marked as either trustworthy or not. At the

Storyteller's discretion, more successes may indicate
more detailed information.

A Zealous member of the House of Murnau can
inspire and drive his fellows, simply by learning how
to speak with them to best motivate them. The
player rolls Manipulation + Zeal (difficulty 6) and
spends a point of Conviction. For the remainder of
the scene, the character enjoys a —2 to all Social
difficulties. This power has no effect on supernatural

creatures.

Woeathedin Shadows (Wdvocate)

As the Murnau grows more powerful, he de-
scends deeper in the morass of his own heritage.
While he might find power and knowledge there, he
may also find damnation. "Though I walk through
the valley of the shadow of death" is a common
refrain for such inquisitor

System: The Faith facet of this power actually
allows a Murnau to mitigate another inquisitor's
Callousness. The player spends a point of Convic-
tion and rolls Manipulation + Faith (difficulty of the
target's current Conviction). If successful, the target
is granted a reprieve from his Impulse for one scene.
However, if the target is still Callous at the end of the
scene, both he and the Murnau character lose a point
of Willpower — this power is an opportunity to put
oneself right, not merely a stopgap. (Note that unless
the Murnau also has a Wisdom rating, he won't


MAPS 1 RY

arily know whether an inquisitor is Callous,
and must simply guess when this power is necessary.

nece

Using this power on a non-Callous inquisitor has no
effect.)

The Wisdom function of Wreathed in Shadows
grants the inquis
principles and driving goals. When used on a
werewolf, for example, the inquisitor sees a being
seething with rage and brutal hatred. When used on
aCainite, that Cainite's Aura is magnified (meaning
that a vampire on the Road of Heaven may appear
more holy than some inquisitors...). If the Murnau
us
ately knows that inquisitor's proximity to Callousness
(that is, his player knows how many points of Con-
viction away from Callousness that character is).

tor knowledge of the target's core

this power on another inquisitor, he immedi-

Regardless, the character receives information
roughly corresponding to the Auspex power Soulsight
(although it does not detect whether the target is
alive or dead). This aspect of Wreathed in Shadows
requires the player to spend a Conviction point and
roll Perception + Wisdom (difficulty 6).

Finally, the Zeal-based power permits the Murnau
to absorb the Conviction of those around him.
When praying with a Flock, the inquisitor may
choose to automatically gain Conviction equal to
the Flock rating, as well as rolling dice. For example,
an inquisitor with four dots in the Flock Background
can automatically gain four points of Conviction,
and the player may roll the usual four dice to gain
more. Unlike the usual method of prayer, however,
this power can push the character into Callousne
Also, it renders that Flock useless to any other
inquisitor for the remainder of the day, as it leaves
emotionally wrung out all lay folk who pray with the
character during use of this power.

Wiicvor of Evil @ovocate)

While the power that experienced Murnau in-
quisitors can wield is certainly potent, many observers
mutter that is indicates more familiarity with the en-
emy than entirely comforting. With this Endowment,
the character gains the ability to meet supernatural
opposition on even ground, armed with strength and
knowledge.

System: Whereas any inquisitor may attempt to
resist the mental and emotional manipulations of the
enemy, a Faithful inquisitor with this Endowment may
attempt to dampen the effects of such powers over an
entire area (the character's Willpower in yards). The
player spends a Conviction point and rolls Conscience
+ Faith (difficulty 7), opposed by the roll for the power

in question (at its normal difficulty). If the player's
successes equal or exceed the creature's, the power fails

totake effect. This Blessing functions on any power that
would affect the senses or mind, including Presence,
Dominate, Dementation or certain applications of
Obtenebration. However, the inquisitor may take no
other action in a turn when he uses this power.

A character who bolsters his Wisdom with this
power finds himself possessed of knowledge that he
. Murnau often refer to
knowledge as divinely inspired, but other sour
occasionally suggested. The player may roll Perception
+ Wisdom (difficulty 7) to learn information about a
particular creature. For example, focusing this power on
a vampire might grant the character knowledge about
a weakness (including a clan weakness), a strength
(general information about a Discipline — "It can
command the minds of men") or a quirk (something
particular to that vampire — "It prefers to feed on
virgins"). This power works equally well on mortal men
as on hellspawn.

The Zeal aspect of Mirror of Evil is in some ways the
most impressive —and the most horrifying. The inquisi-
tor may augment his Attributes increasing to match
those of his opponent. Forexample, ifhe facesa werewolf
with Strength 7, his own Strength leaps to that level as
well. The player must spend a point of Conviction for
each Attribute to be affected and roll Wits + Zeal
(difficulty of the character's own Piety). An individual
Attribute may never rise higher than the character's
Willpower, and neverhigher than the target's Attribute.
This power is not subtle; a nimbus of heat and smoke
surrounds the inquisitor when he activates it, making
the Murnau who use it very cautious about doing so in
public, lest they be mistaken for the beings they face.

Recana Gudge)

Whereas the lower-level Legacies allow a Murnau
toperceiveand, toapoint, direct the powers ofhellspawn,
Arcana allows control over such powers. Using this
Endowment is often a risk to a character's Piety, but for
those Murnau strong enough in the faith to control it
Arcana is a mighty boon.

couldn't possibly hav: such

are

System: The Faith-based application of Arca
allows the character to reflect a supernatural power
back upon the user. A fireball thrown from a sorcerer's
hands ricochets off the Murnau's body, flying straight
back at the (probably very surprised) caster, and inflicts
its normal damage, even if the caster would normally be
immune. This is likewise the case for mental powers
(meaninga vampire attempting to Entrance the Murnau
is now beholden to the inquisitor) and more base,

a


VA

prt

x G
LSS TE

physical powers (a Potence-laden punch inflicts its
damage on the attacker). However, if no supernatural
power is used, then this power does not function
mage that simply stabs the inquisitor will not find the
dagger in his own chest. To activate this power, the
player spends two points of Conviction and rolls Intel-
ligence + Faith (difficulty of the creature's Willpower).
No otheraction is possible ina turn when the character
uses this power — it requires his complete attention,
and focuses only on powers directed at him (though he
may interpose himself in the path of an attack and use
the power).

) frae

a

The Wisdom aspect of this power allows the char-
acter to invade the very minds of hellspawn, either
masking his presence (Wits) or inducing visions of Hell
itself (Charisma). The player spends a Conviction
point and rolls either Wits or Charisma + Wisdom,
depending on which use of this power she wishes to
activate. If the character attempts to mask her presence
from the supernatural, the difficulty is seven. If success-
ful, the character vanishes from the view of any
supernatural being in the area and can be detected only
by a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7) that
results in more successes than the player rolled. If the
inquisitor wishes to induce visions of Hell, the difficulty

ro

7 i
avant: ALA ‘
ae Aad >

is equal to the target's Willpower. Success causes the
target to quake in terror (losing one die from all pools
per success), and more than four successes requires the
target to spend a Willpower point or flee in terror.
The Zeal facet of Arcana grants the inquisitor the
ability to deny a creature of Hell from using its Satan-
spawned power. The player rolls Strength + Zeal
(difficulty 8) and spends a Conviction point. For each
success, the target loses
Trait (blood for vampires, Quintessence for mages,
Gnosis or Rage for werewolves, etc). If the Trait reaches
zero, or if the Storyteller does not have the appropriate
tules for the creature, the creature loses Willpower
instead. The creature's loss is apparent to all in the area
ampires subjected to this power often exhibit

one point of an appropriate fuel

stigmata-like wounds, or bleed from the eyes, whereas
sorcerers' skin becomes luminous as their arcane ener-
gies flee them.

Rsalins

Psalms are powerful manifestations of the Word,
funneled through the unwavering timbre of the inquisitor's
voice. By means of these Endowments, the inquisitor may
bring the Lord's message to faithful and heretical alike, and
with it His judgment. Many Psalms are geared toward

»CHAPTEREIV

HEWOR'

D

Ty

assisting in interrogation, using the inquisitor's voice to
cause subjects to buckle under the pressure (in true Inqui-
sition style); others simply induce listeners to reveal truths
about themselves despite their best efforts to the contrary.
The Sisters
frightful hymns todraw forth confessions from supernatural
beings and heretics, or to coax the truth to the surface ina
reluctant confessor, which is often just as efficacious.
Inquisitors blessed with these Endowments take the words
ofRuth literally, strivingwith every breath to"makea joyful
noise unto the Lord."

Gospel Acolyte)

This basic Endowment grants the Sisters great skill at
debate and oration, as well, if necessary, as interrogation.
While the prowess they bring to such activities is often
nothing short of inspirational, they humbly suggest that
anyone of faith could achieve such effect.

. John use these glorious and sometimes

System: Note: All applications of Gospel are effective
only so long as the character tells the truth. Any deliberate
lie, no matter how small, negates the effect. Although the
three separate aspects of the Endowment can and do work
cooperatively, the effects of multiple invocations of each are

not cumulative.

~
MS "AQ

y) Y,

YW
i)

i i
f His,

"

The Faith aspect of Gospel simply makes the
character more persuasive and approachable. The player
rolls Manipulation + Faith (difficulty 6). If this roll is
successful, all Social rolls are at a —1 difficulty for the
remainder of the scene.

If the character employs the Wisdom application
of this Endowment, the player may roll Wits + Wisdom
(difficulty 6), with suce
two bonus dice to any roll involving Etiquette, Empa-
thy or Subterfuge for the remainder of the scene.

s indicating that he receives

If the Zeal effect is used, the player rolls
+ Zeal (difficulty 6), with success granting two bonus
dice to any roll involving Intimidation, Interrogation
or Leadership for the remainder of the scene.

diat Dur Aeolyte)

Echoing the words of the Father, the inquisitor
declaims, "Let there be light!" and a soft nimbus of
white light appears around her, spreading outward
thereafter and bathing everything around her in its
radiance. The power of this holy light illuminates
supernatural creatures for what they are and may
even cause them pain. Oftentimes, one can tell just
how truly devout (or simply how powerful) an in-
quisitor may be by the telltale shine of this power. A

arisma


;

fledgling might produce only a dim glow, whereas a
truly potent inquisitor fills the entire area with a
blinding brilliance.

System: After the character speaks the words,
the player spends a Conviction point and rolls Per-
ception + Faith (difficulty 6). The Faith-based effect
of this power reveals all supernatural creatures within
range, as the power of the light distinguishes them
from the surrounding mortals. Note that the power
imparts no further information, merely who is "nor-
mal" and who is not, but anyone who can see the
light is also privy to the information it provides,
including members of the Flock (who will probably
run upon seeing the beasts in their midst). Abomina-
tions with concealment or identity-protecting
abilities must engage in an opposed roll, accumulat-
ing more successes than the inquisitor in order to
remain hidden. This use of the power lasts for one
turn only.

If the character possesses dots in Wisdom, she
may use Fiat Lux to provide enough light to read by,
toaradius of her Wisdom in yards. This requires the
player to spend one Conviction point and lasts for
one scene (although the character may terminate it
at any time).

If the Zeal effect is employed, the player may roll
spend a Conviction point and roll Courage + Zeal
(difficulty 7), with each success inflicting a lethal
wound level on all vampires (and any other creature
with a particular vulnerability to sunlight) within a
number of yards equal to the character's Zeal rating.

Chorale (Advocate)

"Wherever two or more are gathered in my name,"
reads the Gospel, "there I am among them." The
Sisters of St. John know well the power of community.
With this Endowment, the Sister may chant or sing
and add the voices of her fellows

‘o the hymn, drawing

strength, knowledge or protection from the song.

‘or each

System: All Chorale effects grow stronger
other devout mortal (defined as someone with at least

one dot in a Superior Virtue) assisting the leader in her
recitation, usually adding one die to the initial roll and
increasing each power's range or area of effects.

The Faith effect of this Endowment allows everyone
participating in the leader'schant orsong todrawstrength
from the sound of one another's faith. The "lead"
inquisitor's player spends one Conviction point and rolls
Performance + Faith (difficulty 7). If successful in this
roll, each participant is allowed to roll Conscience +
Faith (difficulty 8) at the conclusion of the chant/hymn;

re Re
MS FORE by

success on this roll allows that character to regaina single
point of temporary Willpower.

The Wisdom effect is usable only when the inquisitor
has at least two other devout mortals assisting him. All
le, facing one an-
other around a given area or object. As they begin to
chant or sing, the player spends a point of Conviction
and rolls Intelligence + Wisdom (difficulty 7), with
success indicating that some piece of information about
the site/object appears in the air between them. The
more successes acquired on the roll, the clearer or more
useful the divine image will be. Even with many suc-
s, however, Storytellers are encouraged to be cryptic
in relating what Heaven reveals to them on the subject.
If any member of the group also has the Holy Sight (see
p. 135), the difficulty on the roll drops by one.

participants gather together in a ci

ces

The Zeal-based function keeps malevolent entities
at bay for as long as the character(s) chants or sings. The
player rolls Courage + Zeal (difficulty 6) and adds one die
for each devout mortal participating. The number of
successes equals the number of successes a supernatural
creature must ¢:
the perimeter created by this barrier. Such creatures are
held at bay by a yard per point of Zeal the character
possesses; each additional devout chanter/singer adds
one yard to this total. If a creature fails to penetrate this
holy barrier on the first try, he must spend a Willpower
point to try again. Creatures caught within the barrier
when the power is invoked must roll Stamina immedi-
ately; success indicates that they may remain where they
are, while a failure forces them to retreat to the edge of the
barrier. Creatures who are not held at bay, however,
suffer intense pain, suffering one level of lethal damage
per turn while they remain with the chant/song's area of
effect (this damage may be soaked, if the target is able to
soak such damage). Forcing a creature into a corner with
this power, thus forcing it to enter the barrier's perimeter,
ends the barrier effect (but does not negate the pain).
Needless to say, any creature that is painfully forced into
within arm's reach of the inquisitor will probably try to
silence the offending voice any way it can.

ceed in a Stamina roll in order to enter

Hosanna (Advocate)

By exulting in the greater glory of his Lord and
Savior, the inquisitor may elevate his soul to the
Kingdom of Heaven, at least on some small level.
Inquisitors with this Endowment use the tones of
their voices to capture the spiritual "wavelength" of
the Song of Heaven, using its power to further the
Glory of God.

System: The Faith-based effect of this Endow-
ment allows the inquisitor to attune himself to the


tone of another's faith, thereby allowing him lend a
portion of his own to a soul in need. The player rolls
Perception + Faith (difficulty 6) to pick up the
vibration of a nearby person's soul. Success allows
the character to put herself in tune with what she
hears and, by chanting or singing a rousing hymn in
praise of God, to lend the subject however much
Willpower the inquisitor's player desires, even if it
ses the subject's total higher than his permanent
rating. These donated points of Willpower are tran-
sient, lasting the recipient for only one scene. After
this time, the pool of temporary Willpower fades and
the gifted character may no longer gain access to it.

Having dots in Wisdom allows the inquisitor to u:
his voice as a means by which he may communicate

spiritually to another of the blessed (anyone possessing
a dot in a Superior Virtue). The player spends a point
of Conviction and rolls Manipulation + Wisdom at a
variable difficulty, depending upon the distance of the
receiver of the message; someone down the hall from
the character would be a 4, while someone praying in
the chapel of a castle in another country would be a 9
or 10, if possible at all. This form of communication is
limited and expensive, with each invocation allowing
only a single brief message (roughly the number of
words the character could utter with one breath) and
requiring another point of Conviction (though not
another roll). The advantage, however, is that such a
message is conveyed entirely through the spirit — the
he speaks do not have to be the ones he commu-

words
nicates in his message. In fact, most of the time the
inquisitor quietly quotes from the book of Psalms while
sending out spiritual missives of this sort. This commu-
nication is one-way unless, of course, the recipient of
the message likewise possesses this Endowment.

The Zeal application of this Endowment surprises
all those who look upon the Sisters of St. John as meek,
visionary nuns. The glorious exultation created by the
effect is beautiful to hear but can shatter nearly any solid
material. The player spends a Conviction point and
rolls Charisma + Zeal at a variable difficulty, deter-
mined by the strength of the material she is attempting
to affect:

Targeted Material Difficulty

Glass 6

Straw or thatched roof a

Ceramic, adobe or thin wood = 8

Hard or reinforced wood 9)

Stone or brick 10

aa. at
—
————4

Fei baka ves

Although the noise she makes fills the entire area
with sound, the character actually targets only one
structure or object at a time with this power. For each
success on the roll, the character inflictsa "health level"
of damage to a targeted object. The Storyteller must
determine how much of this punishmenta given object
can withstand before being completely destroyed. This
power curiously has no effect on the flesh of living

creatures. Creatures that do not live, however, ar
equally susceptible to the devastating vibrations cre-
ated by this enunciation. Treat the bodies of most
vampires, for example, as "hard wood" for the purposes
of rolling damage against them with this power (al-
though high levels of Fortitude may raise the difficulty
a bit). Such damage is considered lethal and may be
soaked normally.

OratorioGudge)

Although one of the most potent abilities an
inquisitor on the path of Psalms may ever develop, this
fearsome power is rarely viewed as a "blessing" by those
who witness its chilling effects. It allows the inquisitor
to raise his voice in song, and in so doing to fill all who
hear it with the brilliantradiance of his faith. While this
can be a heavenly recital to some, for others it is a
nightmare made of sound. Either way, few bear witness
to the song and come away unshaken.

System: To use the Faith application of this
power, the inquisitor begins to sing any Catholic
hymn in praise of the Lord. Her player spends two
Conviction and rolls Charisma + Faith (difficulty
6). The character may maintain this divine song for
one turn per success rolled, and its effects can be
heard (and thus felt) ata range equal to five yards per
»ss. Every creature within this area (including
animals) that does not possess at least one dot in a
Superior Virtue must immediately roll Willpower
against a difficulty equal to the inquisitor's Piety. All
who fail are transfixed by her song, unable to move
of their own volition until such time as the inquisitor
stops singing. Such beings may roll Willpower every
turn to break free of the song's hypnotic effects, but
must spend a Willpower point to for each such
attempt.

The Wisdom effect of this powerful Endowment
forces anyone who hears it — monster, mortal or

succ!

even inquisitor — to confront his own sins. The
player rolls Manipulation + Wisdom (difficulty 7)
and spends one point of Conviction. For each suc-
cess, anyone hearing the song whose soul is burdened
by sin (Storyteller's discretion, but this certainly
includes supernatural beings and Callous inquisi-


VAS, io * wee gs
Fy rack d Rat SOLE ‘

tors) suffers a +1 to all difficulties for as long as the
song persists, plus one turn.

The Zeal effect forces all supernatural beings
within range to actually join the inquisitor in prais-
This requires the player to
spend a point of Conviction and roll the character's
Charisma + Zeal (difficulty 6, opposed by a Will-
power roll from each creature within earshot). If the
creature scores fewer successes than the inquisitor,
the demon joins the hymn. However, making such a
creature voice this holy utterance, and thereby
ing bodily in the inquisitor's faith, is agony itself. For
so long as the creature is forced to sing, it suffers one

ing the Lord in sor

Nar-

level of aggravated damage per turn, as its lungs, ears
and vocal chords burn with the fire of the Lord. Only
by overpowering the urge to sing (using the rules
above) and fleeing the area entirely may one of the
enemy find surcease of this compulsion.

The Doly Act

The Holy Art is to the Inquisition what the
clergy are to the congregation. Endowments may
provide the bulk of inquisitors with individual abili-
ties, empowering them to serve the Lord in their own
ways, but the Art thus empowers the entire sect as a
whole. It provides a backbone of regimented and
highly ritualized support from which all inquisitors,
from across all the orders, may draw strength. Most
practitioners typically leave harsh fieldwork (such as
combat) to those better suited to such pursuits,
delighting instead in their role as equippers and
supporters of the caus

The Holy Art itself is divided into different
paths. The three paths of study most common in the
Inquisition were mystically modeled after the Holy
Trinity. Each draws on the strength shown by and
imparted to Man from a different aspect of the
Trinity, using the lessons shown therein as a basis for

theurgical power. All paths are strict progressions of

study which yield a set number of predetermined
effects, thus making them easier to learn and develop
than other types of Blessings. Nonetheless, it takes a
specific character of inquisitor to master the rigid
mental and spiritual regimen dictated by the Holy
Art, and among all the inquisitor orders, the Red
Monks have demonstrated the best aptitude and the

determination required to do so. The Knights of

Acre bring upa close second, however, and can even
claim foundation of one of the paths on their own.
Each of these paths require the character to invoke
that facet of the Trinity in some way; some sugges-
tions are noted under the descriptions of each path.

HAPTER FIV!
=a =  \ THE WORD OF GOD -

Yj fagire¢ be | nS

Progression in the Holy Art is limited in the
same way that vampiric path magic i
chooses a primary path when he learns his first dot of
the Holy Art. No other path may equal or ¢
that path. Red Order characters may choose any
path as their primary path (as the Holy Art is their
order specialty). House Murnau and Oculi Dei char-
acters must take Sophia Patris as their primary path,
Sisters of St. John must take Boni Spiritus, and Knights
of Acre must take Sedulitas Filius.

Sophia Patcis

Probably the most exclusive of the theurgic arts,
this path is more commonly known to other practitio-
ners as the Path of Father's Wisdom. It allows the
practitioner to reveal truths about others and even
about the enemy — but an inquisitor must be careful,
lest those truths cost him his sanity. This path is
commonly invoked by speaking a prayer aloud, by
locking eyes with a target, or by anointing one's fore-
head with oil. All Sophia Patris powers require the player
to roll Perception + Sophia Patris; the difficulty of this
roll varies according to the power in question.

© Pern Open the Wiin's Gye

By taking a moment to reflect upon another's
demeanor and overall countenance, the inquisitor
may attempt to peer into the mind of his subject, and
once therein, bear silent witness to the individual's
thoughts and desires of the moment.

a character

xceed

System: Standard roll; difficulty equal to the
target's Willpower. If this roll is successful, the char-
acter receives a glimpse of what the individual is
thinking about, envisioning or remembering at that
given moment. A failure means the character can-
not use this power again on the same target until a
full day has passed. A botch on this roll puts the
inquisitor's own mind at risk, opening it up to the
interest of dark forces and causing him to roll on the
Curse Acquisition table.

ee Unwavering Vision

God knows all, and while no practitioner of the
Holy Art can claim such omniscience, those skilled
in Sophia Patris may look at a creature and learn how
it interacts with humanity at large. The revelations
thus gained, however, are usually unpleasant at best.

System: On a successful roll (difficulty of the
target's Willpower or Road for Cainites) the scruti-
nizing character receives a glimpse of the target
creature's relationship with mankind. For each suc-
cored, the character sees a vision of the most

c
recent significant encounter the target creature had
Terr
— a.) ' i
; __—————


most

tioner would see the target's two recent
interactions with mortals. This power may reveal an
attack, such as a feeding, or even a particularly
impassioned meeting between the target and an-
other. Ultimately, the Storyteller decides what vision
is imparted and how murky or distinct the event in
question may be. This power can be used only to
good effect on a given subject once per scene.

eee Unearth

This potent ability allows the practitioner to see
into the past of the site at which the character
currently stands. His visions can be keyed according
to time ("What transpired here two days ago?"), by
connection to a person or object ("Reveal what
occurred when the child was taken.") or in connec-
tion with an event ("Show me the murder as it
happened!").

System: Standard roll; difficulty 7. For each
success, the character may view five minutes of time
as it unfolded at that location and at the time
specified. Ultimately, the Storyteller is the final
arbiter of what information is revealed and how.

Unearth may be used safely only once per scene;
additional invocations of this power raise the diffi-
culty by one for each use. A botch requires a roll on
the Curse Acquisition table.

0006 Lifting the Veil of Lies

An inquisitor who has mastered this level of

Sophia Patris becomes, in essence, a human lie detec-
tor. Whenever he hears a falsehood, he experiences
a distinct and highly unpleasant sensation. The
feeling is different from practitioner to practitioner,
but it can be anything from a foul smell to a feeling
of nausea or even a sharp pain behind the eye.
Furthermore, those with this power gain the
ability to share in another's past experiences. If the
monk touches a person who has had an encounter
with a supernatural entity, he may receive a sudden
vision of that person's most recent encounter. If the
creature touched is a supernatural being, the practi-
tioner receives an image from that c
either looking back on a past encounter or casting
back to a specific moment in time. All such visions
are soundle:
System: Lifting the Veil of Lies lasts for a full
scene at the cost of one Conviction. When a lie is
told in the character's presence, the Storyteller rolls
for the character (standard roll; difficulty 6). If the

ture's past,

S.

roll succeeds, the falsehood is detected in the afore-
mentioned manner. If the roll fails (or if the statement
is true), the character detects nothing out of the
ordinary.

To receive visions of the past, the character must
physically touch the creature involved; then' his
player rolls Perception + Sophia Patris (difficulty 7).
If the roll suc the character is blessed with a
vision. In the case of a supernatural subject, the
player may stipulate a memory associated with a
particular person, place or thing. Alternatively, the
character may witness a creature's memory of a
specific time —a day, hour or even a single moment
that occurred in the creature's past. However, nar-
rowing the search too much (Storyteller's discretion)
raises the difficulty by one or more.

eccee Revelation

The plateau of achievement for one on the path
of the Father's Wisdom, this remarkable power al-
lows the practitioner to reveal all supernatural
creatures in his vicinity for the abominations they
are. All members of the Flock are then free to judge
them as they like.

System: The player makes the standard roll
(difficulty 8) and spends two Conviction. The num-
ses determines how far from the character

ber of succes

the revelation extends.

One success 10-foot radius

Two successes 25-foot radius
50-foot radius
100-foot radius

500-foot radius

Three successes
Four successes
Five successes
This power reveals all supernatural beings in the
area with the most horrific aspect of their existences,
seemingly superimposed atop whatever method they
are using to disguise themselves as normal mortals. A
vampire appears as a blood-lusting horror, while a
werewolf adopts a mien like a snarling man-beast.
Creatures do not actually change in any way, they
simply look different to mortal onlookers. This su-
perimposed flash is momentary, but is enough to
expose the monsters that walk amid the Flock.

This power may only be used once per scene.

Sedulitassilius

Practitioners who study this path soon learn
what it truly means to be an inquisitor in the
service of man and God. It follows the example of
courage shown by Christ in his final hours, and

& + DARK AGES: INOUISIT DR

'


) = ae
ey jrackd

iG
ts Ne

extrapolates a number of my
that code of ethics. The first widely known master
of this path was not a Red Monk or even an
inquisitor, but a Hospitaler knight who hailed
from a castle on the river Litani (just outside
Tyre). This knight, a man named Theobald, had
fought in the Crusades and had fled as one of the
only survivors of the Muslim attack that won the
castle from its former residents, the Knights
Templar. Although Theobald himself soon van-
ished, one of his knights errant soon arrived in
Acre by way of the battle at Tyre. This knight —
Theobald's former squire — brought with him the
rudiments of the path handed down to him by his
liege. He soon became a focal point of Gauthier de
Dampiere's vision for the Inquisition, and thus one
of the first Knights of Acre. The path soon spread
to all the other orders. To this day, the Knights
remain the greatest of the path's practitioners.

ical powers out of

Sedulitas Filius is a warrior's path, and as such the
invocations required to use it are quick and simple —
crossing oneself, a shouted battle cry ("Deus vult!" is
popular) or simply clutching a Holy Relic. Unless
otherwise noted, the standard roll for this path is
Strength + Sedulitas Filius.

¢ Sunder

When in combat, the facility to empower a
weapon is revered with almost divine appreciation.
This power gives an existing weapon an energy of its
own, allowing it to strike with holy vengeance any-
thing it touches. Normal weapons imbued with such
focused power rarely last, due to the st
upon them, but they certainly make each and every
attack count.

System: The character imbues a single melee
weapon with the power of his virtue. The player must
make the standard path roll (difficulty 6) and spend
a point of Conviction, and then roll Dexterity +
Melee to attack as normal. If the attack hits, the
imbued weapon inflicts two additional dice of dam-
age and all damage done by an imbued weapon is
considered lethal, regardless of what sort of weapon
it is. Attacks made by imbued weapons can harm
both material and immaterial beings, and the wielder
may risk Conviction on the roll to hit.

ain imposed

© Censure

Often, the best way to defeat an opponent is to
force it to make a foolish mistake. By means of this
power, the inquisitor can frustrate a creature into an
extremely excitable state by ridiculing it in the name

fet Te
of all that's holy. He derides his opponent with a
barrage of infuriating holy rhetoric, after which the
target feels like it can do nothing but attempt to
silence the jabbering mortal for his temerity.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Sedulitas
Filius (difficulty 6); the target resists by rolling Will-
power (difficulty 6). If the character acquires more
successes than the target, it immediately loses its
composure and rushes forward to attack. The target
may spend a Willpower point to resist the compul-
sion, but such an expenditure is good only for the
turn; if the ch
must eventually give in or run away. This power may
even force creatures out of hiding, making them
voluntarily drop their powers of concealment in
ail the brazen mortal. Note that this
power may not be invoked silently, but rather is both

cter continues preaching, the target

order to a

extremely loud and irritating — hence its usefulness.

eo 0 GodsMemor

The Knights of Acre are a remarkably hardy
bunch as a rule, and those who are adept with this
power are even more so. By invoking God's Armor
the practitioner can remain in the fray until he may
claim victory, undaunted by all but the most griev-
ous of injuries to his person.

System: All healing tim:
the heat of battle are drastically reduced. The char-
acter recovers health levels lost to bashing damage at
the while lethal
damage is recovered according to the following chart.
These rates supersede normal recovery times but are
still cumulative (e.g., it takes 14 hours to recover
from Injured).

‘or injuries suffered in

rate of one every five minutes,

Health Level Recovery Time
Bruised Two hours

Hurt Four hours
Injured Eight hours
Wounded 16 hours
Mauled Two days
Crippled Four days

Incapacitated Tenda

eee KodandStalt

This potent ability allows the practitioner to use
his own body as a bulwark against the approach of
malevolent entities. The inquisitor makes himself
the last line of defense, the rod and staff, as the Psalm
says, standing between the innocent and any on-
coming threat. Only when he falls for good may the
host of Hell advance.


System: The player spends two Conviction
points and makes the standard roll (difficulty 6). I
the roll is successful, no attacker may circumvent the
inquisitor in an attempt to reach others beyond him.
He must be faced and defeated in battle before
attackers may proceed. Ranged attacks of amundane
nature (such as arrows and crossbow bolts) bounce
harmlessly off the character or those under his charge
while this power remains in effect. The duration of
the effect is determined by the initial roll; he may
remain in his guarding stance for 10 minutes per
success (but may re-invoke the power at any time,
however). This power is typically used in corridors or
other narrow lanes, but the power of the effect is such
that no matter where he stands, the innocent may
take shelter in his shadow, so to speak.

The most overt of effects on a path of overt
effects, this mighty power allows the inquisitor, quite
literally, to call down the wrath of God against an
opponent. The character speaks a word of prayer,
gestures, and a bolt of what appears to be white
lightning streaks down from the Heavens or from the
inquisitor himself, incinerating whatever poor crea-
ture has earned his ire.

System: The player spends a point of Conviction
and makes the standard roll (difficulty 8). Any suc-
cesses achieved are added to the character's Strength
and rolled in a lethal damage pool (therefore, if the
character has a Strength rating of 4 and the player
rolls 3 successes to activate the power, it inflicts 7
dice of lethal damage). The maximum range of this
effect is the character's Zeal rating in yards. This
attack cannot be dodged, though the damage may be
soaked, if the target may soak lethal damage. If the
inquisitor uses this power to damage one of the Flock
(or any human being, for that matter), he must roll to
see if he acquires a new Curse.

Boni Spicitus

The Gifts of the Spirit path allows fora wide range
of miraculous effects, from driving back the enemy to
healing those laid low in the battle against evil. The
path's strength stems from the Holy Spirit, and its
effects often require simple prayers or gestures — trac-
ing a cross in the air, reciting the rosary, or chanting
prayers in unison with those around the caster.

Allapplications of Boni Spiritus require the player
to roll Wits + Boni Spiritus (the difficulties vary and
are noted in the individual descriptions below). If
the character possesses dots in Faith, the player may

jp


add those dice to the roll as well, but the character
may never have more dice in her Boni Spiritus pool
than her Piety rating.

© Tearsol the Wactye

By gazing into the soul of a creature, the charac-
ter may imprison it briefly, rooting it to the ground
where it stands. She holds the thing in her gaze, as
tears well up in her eyes and stream down her cheeks.
So long as she takes no actions other than tearfully
staring, the targeted creature will remain in the spot
it currently occupies until such time as she releases it
from its guilt.

2.

cI 1

System: Standard roll; difficulty of target's
Stamina +3 or Willpower if the creature has no
Stamina rating. For each success, the target is immo-
bilized for one turn. If the character shifts her eyes
from the creature for more than a moment during
this time, the effect ends early. "Immobilized" crea-
tures may still fight and defend themselves normally,
but they cannot move away from the space they
currently occupy.

This power does not work on any individual who
possesses any dots in a Superior Virtue. The excep-
tion to this is if the person is currently pc
otherwise influenced by supernatural forces; then it
is the "host" that is being targeted. This power may
be invoked numerous times in succession.

oo Touchof Peace

By simply laying a hand on a target, the inquisi-
tor may soothe pain and anguish, both physical and
spiritual. While many inquisitors make use of this
power on the battlefield, calming the hearts of the
injured, it has its applications in the torture chamber
as well. Many an inquisitor has won the confidence
—and confession — of a hapless pagan by showing
him the peace that the Holy Spirit can bring.

System: Standard roll; difficulty varies. When
used on normal human beings, this power reduces
wound penalties by one per success. It in no way
heals the wounds, however. Touch of Peace also
mitigates psychological suffering; a troubled or agi-
tated target feels
lays hands on her. If used on a supernatural being,
Touch of Peace can actually end frenzy. This re-
quires an opposed roll to the inquisitor's (creature's
Willpower, difficulty 7). If the creature scores more
suce than the player, its frenzy continues. If not,
the frenzy abandons the beast, and it becomes sub-
ject to any wounds it might have sustained (see p.
263 of Dark Ages: Vampire for more on frenzy).

sed or

almand at peace when the character

Gua of Sanctify

At this stage of the holy path, the theurgist has
learned to focus her faith into an instrument of true
potency. When this power is activated, the inqu'
may actually inflict damage on any unholy creature in
the area. Sometimes this power manifests as a pillar of
flame, sometimes as a burst of white light from the
character herself. Whatever the particulars, this aura
impedes supernatural attacks and damages unholy crea-
tures who come into contact with it.

System: The player spends a Conviction pointand
makes the standard roll (difficulty 6). Anytime a super-
natural creature attempts to attack the character, the
difficulty of the attack is increased by one for every
success achieved on the player's roll. The nature of the
attack is unimportant. Furthermore, any demon, ghost
or vampire suffers a lethal wound each turn it remains
within the area of the aura's effects. For each success
rolled beyond the first, the practitioner may project the
aura to include one additional person within its area of
effect. Such individuals must remain within (Faith)
yards of the character.

Theaura persists for one turn persuccess rolled, and
the inquisitor may deny its protection to anyone at any
time. No supernatural effect may be used to negate the
field. Only by rendering the character unconscious may
a creature prematurely end the aura.

eeee Restoration

The Sisters of St. John have long held a reputa-
tion for being able to tend to the sick and wounded
with extraordinary success, but other inquisitors
who master Boni Spiritus also learn to do so. By means
of this power, practitioners can perform miracles
where body healing is concerned.

System: This power merely transforms lethal
wounds into bashing wounds, making it far easier for
the wounded to heal of their own accord. The
practitioner's player makes the standard roll (difficulty
6, plus one for each wound level, up to a maximum
difficulty of 10). If she manages even one success, all
wound levels become bashing damage instantly. Truly
massive injuries — severed limbs, for example — may
raise the difficulty or require the expenditure of Con-
viction, if they can be healed at all.

This power can be used only once per day on a
given person.
eoecce dudqmentol Heaven

The Red Order, the undisputed masters of the Holy
Art, strive toachievea greater understanding of Heaven


"ae

@
cern iy

and of the balance that e:

s in the realms between

understanding of Heaven's Path, he has begun to grasp
the truth of those worlds and may even briefly close the
earthly doorways to those same realms. By these means,
the character can confine a supernatural creature to the
earthly realm, where it may know no escape from its
final judgment.

System: The player must spend two Conviction
and make the standard roll (difficulty 8). If any
successes are rolled, the character seals the material

existence for the remainder of the scene. No super-
natural creature may escape the character's presence
without leaving conventionally (i.e., walking, run-
ning, riding, etc.). In addition, any power sources
that originate from another plane or reality, and that
feed the physical world in the character's proximity,
are severed. This includes powers such as the
Obtenebration Discipline or the ability of werewolves
to vanish into some hellish "spirit world." Likewise,
any supernatural creatures that can enter the physi-
cal world are suddenly barred from entering it in the
inquisitor's vicinity. They must enter in an area
beyond the influence of the power's effects
Otherworldly powers cannot even perceive the phys
cal world where the inquisitor stands.

Only the inquisitor himself can end the effect
prematurely. Otherwise, the power persists until the
end of the scene — even if the character is killed.

Kitae

Just as the mundane clergy carry out numerous
sanctified rites for the lay, such as those performed
during each Mass, so too do practitioners of the Holy
Art have their own body of treasured ceremonies with
which to assist in carrying on the Lord's work. These
my:
Solemnis, are meticulously prepared rituals that must be
performed under specific circumstances and under ex-
acting procedures. When these demanding guidelines
are followed, however, the result is powerful.

ical preparations, collectively known as Ritae

Each ritus (the singular of ritae) is rated from one
to five in power level. A practitioner must have a
rating in his primary path of the Holy Art equal to or
greater than the power level of the ritus in order to
ssfully complete it. In addition, certain mate-

suce
rial components may be required in order to fully
realize the invocation. These required items are
noted in the descriptions below; where no such item
is listed, assume that the ritus requires only prayer

worlds. By the time a theurgist has reached this level of

world (as it is known) from all other realms of

ry or crucifix (or some other item of faith)
as a focus for the power of the spell.

a

and a rosa

Characters beginning with a Holy Art rating
also begin with one ritus per level of Holy Art. In
order to learn further ritae, the character must first
find a teacher to instruct her in all the proper
procedures and incantations that the new rite
quires. Learning how to correctly perform a new ritus
(and precisely what the required components may
be) can take anywhere from a few weeks to years,
depending on how advanced the invocation.

In order to successfully cast one of the Ritae
Solemnis, the inquisitor's player must succeed on an
Intelligence + Holy Art roll (difficulty of 4 + the
level of the ritus). Generally, only a single success is
required on this roll, signifying that no major step in
the invocation was carelessly omitted or otherwise
mishandled. Unless stated otherwise, all ritae take a
minimum of ten minutes per level to complete.

Blessed Vigilance (Level One)

This ceremonial spell was devised by the Sisters
of St. John to ensure that knights being sent out on
missions of protection would not fail their charges by

succumbing to drowsiness or other distractions. The
power of this ritus provides the subject with the
energy he requires for the task ahead, alleviating the
need for true sleep or rest.

System: The practitioner must lead the subject
ina session of prayer; typically this sessions lasts only
ten minutes, but some theurgists pray longer just for
safety's sake. The player makes the standard roll. If
successful, the subject's player rolls Self-Control
(difficulty dependent upon how well the ritual was
handled and prepared; usually a 6). If the roll suc-
ceeds, he may stay awake for a number of days equal
to the number of successes he rolled, minimum of
one day (even if he fails or botches, he still reaps the
benefits for one day). In addition, the character will
be hyper-alert and aware throughout that time,
granting him a —1 difficulty bonus on all Wits rolls
and a +1 to initiative. At the end of this period, the
subject will be no more tired than when the ritual
first began days before.

Hallowe Ground (Level One)

This simple rite probably sees more use than any
other among those inquisitors "in the field." Its holy
power allows the inquisitor to sanctify (at least
temporarily) a structure or other clearly delineated
area, thus transforming it into ad hoc Holy Ground.
Most traveling inquisitor cells invoke this ritus as a


standard part of their evening prayers, before bed-
ding down for the night.

System: The inquisitor performing the incanta-
tion must have undisturbed concentration for at
least an hour (the minimum time required to com-
plete the hallowing). During this time, she traces the
perimeter of the area to be sanctified — brazier of

incense in one hand, crucifix in the other
ing the words that will sanctify the ground. During
this time, the player makes the standard roll (diffi-
culty 7). If this roll succeeds, the area is successfully
hallowed (it gains an Ambient Faith rating of 1). If
the rite is particularly well done, the site retains its
blessing even after the inquisitors have moved on

speak-

(one additional day for every additional success
acquired beyond the first).

Holy Rite of Erorcisi (Level One)

One of the most sacred practices for which the
members of the Inquisition are known is their sol-
emn custom of performing exorcisms on and for
members of the Flock. This practice is an invaluable
aspect of the fight and is one that allows inquisitors
to take that fight to the foe. Through its power, a
single practitioner (or group of inquisitors, as is more
often the case) may command aspirit residing within
agiven place or person to leave at once, in the name
of the Lord. The Holy Rite of Exorcism is the
specialty of the Sisters of St. John. The brothers and
sisters of the Red Order are known to be equally
adept with this ritus, but largely seem to refrain from
actually leading any such services themselves.

System: This long and involved rite allows an
inquisitor (or group of inquisitors) to temporarily or
even permanently banish a spirit from a particular
place or body. The leading inquisitor must engage in
an extended, opposed roll with the spirit in resi-
dence. The exorcism requires a standard roll
(although the player may add the character's Faith
dice, if any, to the roll) with a variable difficulty,
determined as follows: The difficulty starts at 10. For
every individual who possesses Superior Virtues as-
sisting the inquisitor (maximum of four), the difficulty
drops by one; and for every point of Willpower the
spirit possess above the inquisitor's Willpower score,
the difficulty rises by one (maximum 10). This roll is
made at the beginning of every hour during which
the rite is taking place and is opposed by a Willpower
roll for the spirit (difficulty of the inquisitor's Piety).
The practitioner must accumulate a total number of

net successes equal to the spirit's Willpower rating
before it may compel said spirit to vacate the pre-

yi ey a

Wwe » THEWORD OF GOD ST
A err WORD OF COD ~ dg

mises. The exorcism may only continue fora number
of hours equal to the Piety score of the lead inquisi-
tor. If the spirit has not been driven out by that point,
the exorcism has failed and the would-be exorcist's
Conviction pool drops to zero. She must regain at
least one point before attempting the exorcism again.

If any of the inquisitor's rolls result ina botch, all
esare lost, effectively sending the inquisi-

netsucce:
tor back to square one (but the proverbial clock is
still ticking). If the spirit's Willpower roll botches,
the spirit is immediately driven from the body. The
spirit is under no compunction to stay still for an
exorcism, of course (which is why most inquisitors
restrain their subjects before beginning).

If the exorcism succeeds, the spirit is banished
from the victim. If she wishes, the player may
a permanent Willpower point to banish the spirit
from the person (and indeed the area) permanently.

Hague Ward(Level Two)

The Dark Medieval world is thick with famine,
drought and diseases of all stripes. Those protected by
this ritus have their resistance supported by a mystical
bulwark that wards against illness and conté
these times, few rites are so pr

pend

gion. In
das this one.

System: The practitioner gathers together all those
she wishes to so engage with this rite (up toa maximum
of her Faith + Holy Art). The rite requires a lengthy
group prayer and anointing the forehead of each par-
ticipant with ashes (preferably ashes taken from a
plague victim and hallowed by a priest). At the conclu-
sion of the rite, all those involved must roll Willpower
(dependent upon how well the rite was conducted;
typically a7)
to contract illne

iccess indicates that they will be unable
s of a mundane sort for a number of

days equal to their own successes plus the successes

initially acquired by the practitioner.

Sunstone (Level Gwo)

By means of this rite, an inquisitor may infuse an
ordinary rock with the blessing of the Lord's first
creation — the Sun. The rock will then absorb a
piece of that essence, allowing it to shed sunlight
whenever commanded to by its bearer.

System: Standard roll; difficulty 7. The Sunstone
is finished when an inquisitor invests it with Con-
viction — one point for every day the Sunstone is
intended to last. The brightness of the stone's radi-
ance is governed and limited by the virtue of its
bearer. When an inquisitor desires his Sunstone to
activate, he grasps it tight within his palm (and his
player rolls Piety, difficulty 6). If this roll is su

=e


« Pty
Eis dil

ful, the stone begins to glow with the light of the sun,
illuminating the area (as well as damaging the flesh
of vampires) for the remainder of the scene. The
actual brightness of the stone's light (and, thus, any
damage it might inflict) is determined by the success
of the roll:

Strength of Light

Dim (one die ofaggravated dame

Successes
One

Two
Three+

Soree Mlareh (Level Tree)

With an organi the
Church, speeding travel becomes a necessity. This
rite allows a group of travelers to settle in for their
journey, ignoring fatigue and most ground condi-
tions in the process.

Bright (twodice ofaggravated damage)

Brilliant (threedice ofaggravated damage)

tion as widespread as

System: Those who will be affected by the ritual
must gather together at sunrise, each kneeling in
supplication before God. After a short prayer, the
group rises and faces the practitioner, who then
greets each participant personally and asks for safe
travel in the name of Saint Christopher. When the
ritus is complete, each member of the traveling party
will be able to move at three times her normal land
speed, covering up to 40 miles per day over smooth
ground. Even on rough terrain, land speed is doubled.
The effects of this ceremony fade after a number of
days equal to the practitioner's Zeal + Holy Art.

Sortunesof War (Level Sour)

Forewarned is forearmed, or so say the members
of the Inquisition. Through this hallowed rite, a
practitioner can bless a group of armed combatants
on their way to fight the foe. By reading the soul of
each member, the inquisitor may determine which

virtue will be required most in the upcoming trials

and tra
divine spark in each warrior she may help him build
his confidence in that trait.

vails, and by investing a portion of her own

System: During the course of this hour-long
ceremony of prayer and confession, the practitioner
must invest a point of her own personal Conviction
into each warrior she wishes to guide to self-im-
provement; therefore, the maximum number of
participants in any one invocation of this rite is 10.
If the player succeeds on the activation roll (diffi-
culty 7), each individual involved must have a
Courage roll made (difficulty 7) to face his fears and
inequities. If this roll succeeds, the participant re-
ceives a—l difficulty to all rolls involving one of his
Virtues or Superior Virtues (participant's choice;

commonly Courage or Zeal, as this ritus is normally
performed before going into battle). This bonus lasts
for a number of days equal to the theurgist's suc-
cesses, oruntil the individual next failsa roll involving
the modified Trait, whichever occurs first. This ritus
can be performed only once per story.

The Soege of God (Level five)

Unlike most ritae, this powerful incantation is
more of an extended process than a single rite. The
effect of this rite allows the practitioner to work
closely with a smithy during the creation of a melee
weapon and thereby infuse a "stamp of the divine"
into the process. The weapon is then given or handed
down to a knight who has repeatedly demonstrated

his worthiness.

Hoty ARMAMENTS.

Blessed weapons are by no means common
— the number of theurgists in all of
Christendom who know the Forge of God ritus .
could probably be totaled on two hands. How-
ever, such weapons do find their way into the
hands of inquisitors across Europe, commonly
the Knights of Acre. These weapons all have
various special properties. When constructing
such a weapon, either with the Forge of God
ritus or simply with the Holy Relics Back-
ground, the player may choose properties from
the following list.
 Inflicts aggravated damage upon demons

and other supernatural beings.
© Adds one to one of the owner's Superior

Virtues (may be purchased multiple

times —this does not grant the wielder

access to other facets of Endowments).

© Will never break in the owner's hands.

© Owner always knows the weapon's
location.

¢ Weapon hums or glows softly in the
presence of danger.

® Inflicts 2 dice of extra damage.

* Increases the owner's Stamina by one
when.in righteous combat.

These are'by no means the only possibili-
ties, but they should serve as good examples.
When using the Forge of God to build such a
weapon, the crafter chooses one property for
vevery two successes on the ritus roll.

Th

rae ¢ rit a ia .
System: The casting time of this ritus depends
entirely on the item being crafted. A good rule of
thumb is to double the standard amount of time
necessary to craft a fine specimen of that sort of
weapon. All the work pays off, however, as the end
result is a powerfully strong specimen of its type,
possessed of certain special properties (see sidebar).
The player rolls for the ritual (standard roll, d
culty 7) to determine these special properties. The
creation of the weapon is thus "sealed" and stamped
with an imprint of the would-be owner's immortal
soul (costing the future owner 10 Conviction in the

process; these may come from the character's banked
reserves). This effectively binds him to the weapon,
allowing none but the owner to call upon its power.

Doly Ground

Some places become the focus of considerable faith —
the sites of miracles, massive rituals or divine occurrences.
Many of these places are located in and around churches
and cathedrals, or upon the resting places of saints (or their
relics). These places have innate Faith ratings of their own,
reflecting their holy power. This type of locale-specific
Faith is called Ambient Faith. For some grounds, their
Ambient Faith affects only a small, particular area (near an
altarorreliquary, forexample), whereasothersradiate Faith
over a wide region, sometimes miles in diameter, as in the
case of certain sites in the Holy Land.

Holy ground has a number of different effects.
Some pertain to those supernatural creatures who
would dare blaspheme such territory, while others
relate to inquisitors and inquisitors alone. These
effects are as follows:

© Vampires must make a Willpower roll (against
a difficulty of the area's Ambient Faith rating, al-
though the Aura of the Road of Heaven applies) in

Task

Force a vampire to flee in terror

Force aspirit to flee in terror
Permanently expela spirit froma place
Force a minor demon to flee in terror
Force a major demon to flee in terror
Permanently expel a demon froma place
Ward against Dominate and Presence

yay

order to enter Holy Ground. Success means the
undead abomination can enter the place but will feel
extremely uncomfortable (one success means severe
discomfort; three, mild discomfort; and five or more,
no ill effects). Each morning at dawn, the vampire's
number of successes decreases by one, leading to
increasing discomfort and an eventual need to leave
the site. Mortals can notice this discomfort with a
Perception + Empathy roll (at a difficulty equal to
the vampire's Willpower).

Failure on the Willpower roll results in physical
pain for vampires if they enter the holy site. They
suffer one level of bashing damage per scene. A
botch results in one level of lethal damage, and
requires the vampire to spend a Willpower point
each turn to remain in the area (all such damage may
be soaked). The pain incre:
requiring a Courage roll (difficulty 7) on the third
and subsequent turns. Failure means the creature
enters Rétschreck. A botch on the Willpower roll
means he bursts into flames, suffering three levels of
aggravated damage per turn and requiring an imme-
diate Courage roll (difficulty 8), or else the creature
must flee in terror. The flames can be extinguished
normally, but all other effects remain.

2s as long as he remains,

¢ Holy Ground limits a number of vampire
powers as well. All blood point requirements for
Disciplines double while the undead remains on
holy ground, and the difficulties for Auspex,
Chimerstry and all perception-affecting Disciplines

increase by two.

¢ All Superior Virtue ratings are increased by
one while on Holy Ground, and the difficulty of any
roll involving Superior Virtues (including Virtue-
based Blessings) is decreased by two. This change,
however, does not grant inquisitors access to facets

Difficulty
Vampire's Willpower + 4
‘Spirit's Willpower
8
6
9
10
6

(adds the character's Faith to all difficulties)

Banish the effects of vampiric Disciplines
Severa blood oath s

Inflict Faith dice of aggravated damage
ona demon, spirit or vampire

Vampire's Willpower
10
Target's Willpower


of Blessings they would not normally have, unless the

Ambient Faith rating is 6 or more.

‘ors regain Conviction by praying within
e p. 160 for details.

¢ Aninquisitor can exorcise malevolent entities
from holy ground. His player rolls Charisma + Faith
(recalling that Faith increases by one on holy ground),
with a difficulty based on the desired effect, given on
the table below. These difficulty ratings assume the

¢Inqu
holy sites

character has acc

to the appropriate trappings of
faith (a Bible, a crucifix, candles, bells, salt, water or
other appropriate items). If these props are not
available, increase the listed difficulty by one.

Dolyy Relies

Holy Relics are items filled with divine power,
usually associated with a saint or other important
person from Christian history. Two of the greatest
relics in Christendom are the Holy Grail, the cup
from which Christ drank at the Last Supper and that
caught his blood at the crucifixion, and the linen
cloth in which he was buried (the Shroud of Turin).
The Spear of Longinus — otherwise known as the
Spear of Destiny — which pierced Christ's side at
the crucifixion is also a mighty relic, along with
pieces and splinters of the True Cross to which
Christ was nailed, as well as its accompanying nails.

Relics of heavenly power are effectively broken
up into two broad categories, although other less
well-represented categories are certainly possible, if
not overtly prevalent. Nearly all divinely invested
objects fall under Church auspices as either Artifacts
or Anointings. The former are those objects that are
unique and are typically found in the care of only the
most devout or worthy. Artifacts are objects of great

value and permanence. Indeed, should such a trea-
sure be lost to heathen hands, it becomes a
region-wide (or greater) mission of the utmost ur-
gency to find and recover the lost item.
Anointings, on the other hand, are not typically
permanent and are found in much larger quantities.
These oils, perfumes, salves and the like are admin-
istered to the needy within the clergy and
congregation, or given out to questing inquisitors on
missions of great importance. Some are designed to
accelerate healing or to bolster the user's courage in
the face of the Adversary, but most are crafted simply
for the purpose of purifying the recipient's soul,
returning him to the grace of God and readying him
for whatever daunting tasks may lie ahead. The
tradition of preparing Anointings

; é ;

, fepaiT
time-honored one — truly an art in its own right —
and there is no one correct "formula" for investing
such carefully prepared concoctions with the power
of the divine. It takes a master herbalist with access
to well-protected volumes of Church lore to create

even the most common Anointings, and the rarest of

these precious fluids are known only to a select
devout few. Members of the Red Order, whose hoary
scholars claim the deepest understanding of the old
ways, most often oversee the creation of Anointings.
Ofall the orders, however, the Knights of Acre have
the most familiarity with and access to relics in
general, and a number of their far-flung fortresses
house veritable caches of these blessed items, pro-
tected and prepared by aged veterans of the order in
an ancient and tireless vigil.

Actilacts

Many artifacts are bones, locks of hair or other
parts of a saint's body, and they carry a portion of that
saint's faith within them. These items are often
collected by the Church, placed in gilded and jew-
kets (called reliquaries), and revered by the
faithful. Their reverence helps to maintain and even
increase an artifact's potency over time. Other arti-
facts are minor things: A pilgrim's badge or staff, a
holy bishop's ring and so forth.

Charlatans peddle numerous fake artifacts, which
common folk buy to ward off evil; an impossible
number of shards supposedly taken from the True
Cross are o
from criminals or even animals and
those of s:

fered for sale, along with bones collected
sed off as

ints. Ironically, these false idols can some-
times acquire a measure of their own Faith, if enough
worshipers believe they are genuine. The faith of
believers empowers the item over time.

Holy relics kept in a particular place (tomb,
church, etc.) over a long period of time may hallow
the ground (see Holy Ground, above). This makes
places holding many relics quite uncomfortable en-
virons for
the night.

ampires and other damned creatures of

Many artifacts also have distinctive powers. As
every artifact is unique, it is difficult to attempt to
categorize their wide variety of possible effects. What
follows are some examples of the better-known
Church artifacts and their divine capabilities.

The Letter of Mark

This ancient scroll is rumored to have been
possessed by none other than St. Mark himself,
the apostle who brought Christianity to Africa.

le ee eae err
2: a a a es am <i i aoe Xt
Ba —= DARKAGESHN@UISITO Pe '


VA
J

According to legend, it is the very paper that Mark
a Minor,
into Rome and back. It was used as a declaration
of intent by the wandering apostle, a written
testament of the Word that was shown to those
whom Mark encountered in his travels. Some say
it even held the power to make believers out of
heretics — supposedly on sight.

carried with him on his journey acros

Somehow, the letter ended up in Cyprus, where
Mark was known to have visited in his travels. There
it remained, even long after Mark had departed.
According to knightly history, a battalion of Knights
Templar who had been stationed on Cyprus during
the Crusades finally recovered it. Although the
knights took it with them when they left Cyprus, the
letter's current whereabouts are unknown. It is pre-
sumed, however, that with the knightly orders the
letter has remained, one sparkling jewel in the crown
of the collection guarded by the veteran soldiers of
the Knights of Acre ever since.

The Swordol St James

This weapon was supposedly a unique artifact
of great power and faith, one which earned a grand
reputation that ranks alongside the myth of
Excalibur the tale of the Sword of
Charlemagne. According to legend, the sword was
crafted on earth but was sanctified in Heaven,
thus granting Heaven's power to any devout leader
who wielded it. The stories claim it was carried by
none other than St. James himself at one point,
and did eventually fall into the hands of the
mortal who would one day go on to unite the lay
of the Flock under the Inquisition's cause. If asked,
few can recall the precise whereabouts of the
sword, but many assume it has remained with the
Oculi Dei's vaunted leader, Rodrigue de Navarre.

The sword's greatest secret is that it is not one,
but a score or more of individually unique items.
The sword's legend is swirled about specifically to
give further weight to the cause of the Eyes of God,
as well as the small but fervent band of dedicated
witch-hunters from which they spawned. Each
ranking leader within the order is rumored to
possess one of these blades, and tales of its appear-
ances and exploits circulate freely to this day —a
fact that secretly pleases the so-called leadership
of the Oculi Dei. If the tales are true (and many of
them are not), the sword's (or rather, swords')
abilities include smiting demonic abominations
into nothingness, cloaking the wielder's passing
and delivering him from harm, as well.

and

Unointings

The more commonly found Holy Relics are
known as Anointings and include a wide variety of
herbal and alchemical preparations. Advanced prac-
titioners of the Holy Art work together to marry
medicine and faith in a number of different media,
and the end result is a collection of salves, oils,

ointments and even incenses that have been blessed
with the power of the divine. Most of these prepara-
tions contain relatively minor endowment and are
typically used for easing others' pain, cleansing the
isting in the completion of various rites
and ceremonies. Some, however, are truly powerful
items in their own right and are guarded by the sect
just as carefully as are Artifacts. The following ex-
amples provide a look at the typical origin and effects
of each.

Attar of the Damask Rose

This relatively commonplace anointing sees

soul and ¢

much use among the healers and caregivers of the
Sisters of St. John. Itis.a light bouquet made from the
essential oil of the ro: ena, a rare flower
brought from Persia back to France by the crusading
knights who were enraptured by its virtues. The attar
itself is made by extracting a yellow-green oil from
the petals of the most fragrant specimens ina collec-

1 dama

tion of damask roses. These roses are finicky, however,
and the ritus caster must be the one to prepare the
flowers himself. After picking the roses at the first
light of dawn, he must work fast, having then only a
matter of hours in which to finish all the elements
required. For the prepared practitioner, this should
be more than enough time to collect all the ingredi-
ents and prepare the attar that will become the focus
of the rite's energy.

The resulting concoction is one part perfume,
one part sleep aid, and one part medicinal oil. Dam-
ask rose petals are astringent (meaning they
bodily tissues to contract) and are good for incorpo-
rating into healing salves. Generally, damask rose
petals are used in tonics that help to cure mouth
sores, sore throats, and stomach disorders, but this
particular Anointing is
ill. The blessed attar is also a fine perfume, the
mundane version of which has been an Egyptian
favorite since Cleopatra's time. Such a perfume is
delightful indeed, making the skin supple and clear
while enticing the passions with its rich fragrance.

potent enough to cure any

System: After the attar is prepared, the resulting
infusion retains its potency for one week per level of


Conviction invested within. The primary purposes
of the attar are to assist in healing and to e

fatigues of travel. Vials are requested by leaders of
various inquisition groups to be used as astringents

e the

for their men and, among some of the sect's more
p aid. The attar's potency
zed application, so if one

anxious bishops, as a sl

stems from highly lo
desires it to aid in sleep he must dab a few drops atop
the eyelids; to heal a wound, one merely applies the
oil to the damaged area. And when simply used as a
sweet-smelling fragrance, the attar is applied once at
each wrist and then pressed once against the back of
the neck.

ss "aad
UU UL LLU

al

M )

Ke Sul permits the recipient to get a good night's rest.
y Wt i" Wounds treated with the oil have their recovery

J! times sped up by two levels on the wound recovery
\ \ { NZS

The sleep assistance effect reduces any penalties

the character is currently acting under due to fatigue
or sleep deprivation (Storyteller's discretion) and

tie

ELAM

witty
If
uh

I! chart. If the subject was no more badly damaged than
wr A! Hurt, the wounds close in moments. One vial is

i typically good for three separate applications of the
attar. Although it has been forbidden for inquisitors
to use the sacred attar for merely cosmetic purposes,

ZU

A

Us
\s

there remain a number of quietly pleasant-smelling
ladies among the Sisters of St. John and elsewhere
within the orders' ranks. This is partly due to the fact
that one's effective Appearance score is raised by one
dot whenever one is wearing the attar, and primarily
to the fact that the attar becomes quite psychologi-
cally addictive when used regularly. Creating the
Attar of the Damask Rose is a level one ritus of the
Holy Art.

Onisin of the Blessed Winroblite
When the life of a true saint ends, the body does

not truly "die," the Church says. Rather, the s
the saint ascends to Heaven (much as the

Himself is said to have done), leaving the shell of the
body behind as an empty vessel. According to the
Church, true saints are often determined by what
happens to their bodies at this time. The body of a
true saint does not rot or decompose per se, but
rather remains in a perfectly unmarred state and
melling oil called chrism. One who
s called a myroblite and is said
to have thus proved her sainthood by this display.

exudes a swe!

son in th

pas: way

The Chrism of the Blessed Myroblite is the only
Church-sanctioned usage of this sacred excretion
(at least officially), and even this Anointing's exist-
ence is a secret in the Inquisition, given out ona
"need to know" basis only. The anointing is a me-


"> :
y his ancient and one-of-a-kind
S) ing is rumored to have be

from the sweet-smelling oil that the body of
Christ exuded when his body was first brought
down from the True Cross. According to leg-
end, this divine chrism was collected by Christ's
faithful disciple Joseph of Atimathea inasmall,
tear-shaped vial and sequestered among his
belongin, ars until his death. Before
s commonly believed that the vial

had fallen into the hands ofan order of Cistercian
monks around the dawn of the 12th century,
though few can say for sure where or how this
event occurred. With the Cist
edly remained, right up until the close of the
Fourth Lateran Council, whereupon it was re-
vealed that the order no longer po:
vial, if they had ever pos: it at all. Since
then, the Balm's whereabouts — indeed, its
y existence — f
tion by critically minded members of the
organization the world over. The Knights of
Acre in particular have taken a decidedly keen
interest in locating the lost vial ever since the

ians it suppos-

ssed the

ve been called into ques-

infamous post-Council revelatio

If it truly does exist, this wondrous balm is
quite literally a vessel for the power of the
divine, as well as the one and only
the last remains of the body of Christ. As such,
its inherent Faith (if one were to quantify such
things) would be astronomical, and its po:
effe
hands of a truly devout inquisitor, are nigh
inconceivable. According to legend, one touch
of this balm could restore a mortal's lost faith,
drive away all demonic taint from an entire
domain, or even irrevocably free one of the
undead from the Curse of Caine
accursed existence completely. Needless to say,
a single drop can be more than enough to alter
the face of any Dark Ages: Inquisitor chronicle,
and it is this power above all others which
demands that the Balm of Gilead be handled
with the utmost careful regar

eceptacle for

ible
s on the world of men, especially in the

or from his

ticulously prepared oil that priests in the Inquisition
use to achieve a number of divine effects.

System: When applied to the skin of a recently
deceased person, the Chrism will preserve the body
for an indefinite period of time, allowing it to be

EE

buried at leisure or even put on display by the priests.

When the oil is rubbed on the wounds of one of the
living, it glows brightly, glistening like wet diamonds
in the sun. The wound proceeds to close instantly,
regardless of the source of the damage. The average
amount contained within one anointing (about one
vial's worth) is enough to smear over six different
small wounds, four medium-sized wounds or two
large wounds (as a guideline, any wound resulting in
the loss of only one health level is deemed small, two
health levels medium and three health levels large)

Lastly, the oil bears an extraordinarily strong
degree of inherent Faith, and acts as acid to the flesh
. It also burns away the

of all demons and vampire
incorporeal stuff of which evil spirits are made on
contact. If the entirety of the anointing is used as a
missile weapon on one of the aforementioned crea-
tures, the vial explodes on contact, inflicting 10 dice
of aggravated damage. Unless the target has some
means of immediately cleansing itself of the oil (an
extremely unlikely prospect, particularly in the case
of spirits), the chrism will continue to burn, inflict-
ing eight dice of aggravated damage on the following
round, and six, four and finally two dice of damage
over the next three consecutive turns.

Properly preparing this Anointing is a level four
Holy Art ritus, and requires access to chrism, which
is rare enough in itself.

Curses

Just as Blessings are the powers gifted to the
faithful for their continuing endeavors in doing good
, Curses are the alter ego of those same divine
offerings. Some view Curse:

WO!
s a simple byproduct of

Blessings, the price all inquisitors must pay for being
granted the capability to serve the Lord with power

and with grace. Others see them as the punishment
exacted upon them for trafficking with the forces of
darkness — for being guilty by association, so to
speak. Whatever the truth of this hotly debated
issue, Curses remain an integral part of day-to-day

something with which each servant

inquisitor life
of God must come to terms in his or her own way.

Like Blessings, Curses are broken up into sepa-
rate categories, grouped by overall Curse type and
effect. There are five such categories found among
inquisitors of the Catholic Church: Anathemae,
Interdictions, Maledictio, Stigmata and Visitations.
Each of these categories includes Curses grouped by
the three "stages" of inquisitor development: Aco-
lyte, Advocate, and Judge (just as there are no


Servant-level Endowments, no Servant-level Curses
exist). Justas an Acolyte-level Endowment is weaker
in power than a Judge-level Endowment, so too is an
Acolyte-level Curse less imposing upon the inquisi-
tor than is a Judge-level Curse.

Acquiring View Curses

As stated in Chapter Four, all inquisitors begin
with one Acolyte-level Curse from their primary
Curse category (if the player chose to take an En-
dowment, rather than the character's order benefit).
The player selects this first Curse as part of his
che

‘acter concept. Storyteller approval is required,

of course (particularly in the case of player-invented

Curses), but the player is free, at least at this stage of
the game, to craft a Curse especially around his
character's personality and background. Once this
first Stage One Curse has been selected, the charac-
teris done with Curses — theoretically. An inquisitor
character is never required to gain another Curse
from that point on. This, however, rarely plays out to
be the case.

The character can and probably will acquire new
Curses during play. The two most common causes for
a Curse to be levied stem from player botches and
attempts on the part of the inquisitor to understand
divine mysteries for which she is not ready.

already possess one.

¢ Subtract one if the character h

Each time the player botches a Superior Virtue
roll or a Conscience roll to avoid losing Piety, he
must roll to see if his character garners a new Curse.
Botching a roll for a Virtue that is not primary to the

character's order is dangerous, but rarely catastrophi-
cally so. If the botch was on a primary Superior
Virtue roll, howe
oftentimes more dire (this dichotomy is reflected on
the table below). An inquisitor's primary Virtue

represents the driving moral and spiritual focus for a

r, then the consequences are

member of each given order, and meeting with

disastrous failure where this Trait is concerned can-
not but shake the character's soul to its very
foundations.

The second most common way of acquiring new
Curses goes hand-in-hand with Blessings. Some
ambitious inquisitors attempt to glimpse too much of
the divine in too short a time. Such individuals trade
a portion of their soul, or perhaps a portion of their
grip on reality, in exchange for the power to better
take the Fight to the foe. When a character learns a
Blessing that is above and beyond his ken as an
inquisitor (that is, of a higher
than the character currently occupies), he acquires
a new Curse equal to the level of the forbidden
Blessing. No roll is required; the inquisitor simply

stage of development

ACQUISITION OF CURSES

No new Curse acquired. Exhilarated by the mercy the Lord has shown him, the

. for now.

No new Curse acquired, but the character loses two points of Conviction as his soul

Net Roll Result
0 or less

character gains a point of Conviction.
1-3 No new Curse acquired. The character is safe
4-6

shudders with the weight of his "near miss."
7-8 ~ New Stage One Curse acquired. Curse determined by situation.
9-10 New Stage Two Curse acquired. Curse determined by situation.
11+ New Stage Three Curse acquired. Curse determined by situation.
Modifiers

¢ Add one to the result if the character is Callous at the time of the roll:

¢ Add one for each non-Stage One Curse the character already possesses.

¢ Add one if the roll was made due to a botched Primary Virtue roll.

e Add one if the clfaracter is trying to develop an Endowment in a category in which he does not

¢ Add one if a non-Marnau character attempts to learn a Legacy. This includes characters who are
members of the House by marriage oremploymentbut donot carry the Murnau family curse.

at least.one dot in all Superior Virtues.

© Subtract one for each Superior Virtue rating of 5.

-@ Subtract one if the roll was made due to a botched non-Primary Virtue roll.

AMPLE OF ACQUIRING CURSES
tigation goes badly, and Red
OR Brother Franci: is cell flee

toe chasing them.
During a brief stop to rest, Francis' player
decides that the group would stand a much
better chance of survival if Francis could bring
the Water to Wine Benediction to bear. Wa-
terto Wine isaJudge-level Endowment, which
means it would cost Francis' player, Susan, 35
Conviction. Susan has 30 banked and 6 cur
rently — jus
for deliveran

Gin inv

> into
ape the dem

enough. Francis goes off to pray

If Francis:isan Acolyte-level inqui
he cannot develop Water to Wine, as it is more
than one stage higher than his current stage.

tor,

If Francis is an Advocate-level inquisitor,
he may develop the Benediction, but immedi-
ately gains a Judge-level Curse.

If Francis is a Judge-level inquisitor, he

develop Water to Wine, but his player
must immediately roll on the C Acquisi-
tion table to see if he acquires a new Curse
from his rapid development. If this is Francis'
first Benediction, his player must add one to
the roll. Otherwise, no modifiers apply.

acquires the Curse as an additional cost of learning
the new power.

Also, ifa character gains anew Endowment (not
an Orison) during game play, the player must imme-
diately roll to see if the character gains a new Curse.
Attempting to view too much of God's Glory in too
short a time marks the character, regardless of her
intentions. Endowments may be safely learned only
over a period of downtime, where she can pray for
safety isn't always an
option for inquisitors. (As a reminder, if a non-
Murnau inquisitor attempts to learn a Legacy
Endowment, a Curse roll is always required, regard-

insight gradually. Howev

less of inquisitor's stage or whether the Endowment
is learned during play.)

Whenever the player must check to see if her
character acquires a new Curse, the player rolls one
die and compares the result to the table below, after
applying any necessary modifiers.

falling to the Adversary

Besides the terrible and often crippling effects of
living under these afflictions and restrictions, in-

quisitors face another, more serious drawback to
amassing multiple Curses. First, whether by divine
design or simply cruel fate, the acquisition of Curses

isa slippery slope. After a character has acquired his

first two or three, Curses will begin to pile up more
quickly thereafter; in short, the more Curses one
already possesses, the more he is likely to acquire in
the future. And it doesn't stop there.

If an inquisitor ever acquires as many or more
total Curse stages than he has combined dots of
permanent Piety and Superior Virtues, he succumbs
to hatred, madness and myopia, entering a state
known as Cocytus. In this state, the character has
given up any pretense of sanctity or even morality,
becoming simply an engine for hatred, torture and
revenge. Inquisitors in this state are considered lost
to their own Impulse, and rarely if ever does such an
inquisitor return from the abyss.

Note that it is Curse stages and not simply Curses
that one takes into account; a Judge-level Curse is
thre
of purity and self-control than is an Acolyte-level

Curse. Thus, if a character has one each of the three

times more devastating to the character's sense

levels of Curses, he has a total of six Curse stages. He
must therefore have at least seven dots worth of
aggregate Piety and/or Superior Virtues to remain in
control. Although it takes a bit of arithmetic to
calculate, this game mechanic serves to allow players
to keep constant track of how far down the slippery
slope they have fallen — and just how close the tips
of their very souls are to the clutches of despair, or
ary himself.

When an inquisitor is truly lost to his own Impulse,

worse yet, of the Adver:

the effects are as terrifying as they are devastating to the
racter's soul. For all intents and purposes, the

cter's Nature has become his Impulse — perma-
ently. He has truly committed to walking this callous
path, and he must now live by the decision. Only by
acting in the interests of his Impulse, thereby validating
his decision, may the character regain Willpower. This,
in turn, makes it even more difficult to head back once
one has started down this path. In addition, those who
have succumbed to Cocytus have finally (or will indu-
bitably) draw the attentions of those who wish to use

such fallen inquisitors as tools of their own design. At
tence will make it increas-

the very least, such an e
ingly more difficult for the inquisitor to keep his soul's
transgression a secret from his peers for very long.
Above and beyond these matters, however, lies
the ubiquitous theme of the downward spiral, that
which pervades the life of every character who has
fallen to Cocytus. For these lost inquisitors, the very

trait that previously defined their existences —
Conviction — has become their worst enemy. For in
Conviction lies further degradation, and only by
shedding Conviction and thereby unburdening his
soul of its suffocating hatred, fear and ignorance may
a character find the long and desperate path that
may one day save him from damnation. For those lost
to Cocytus, the path to sanctity is walked in reverse.
Rather than banking accumulated Conviction in
order to raise one's Blessings, inquisitors in this state
must apply all the strength their weary spirits can
‘d the task of eventually regaining their
own grace. Conviction is still banked, but it is done
so with the intent of eventually raising Superior
Virtues only. Every time a fallen inquisitor character
spends Conviction for any purpose other than gain-
ing a Superior Virtue dot (or for saving it for such),
he likewise drains an equal amount of Conviction
from his "bank

muster tow

Suppose, for example, a player has banked 7
Conviction in his drive to raise Faith, his character
(suffering from Cocytus) having spent much of his
time indoors in solemn prayer. Before the character
can reach the next revelation (that is, accrue the
ry Conviction to raise the Superior Virtue),
however, he runs afoul of a werewolf. During the
battle, he spends two Conviction in his efforts to slay
the beast. Since the character is in Cocytus, how-
ever, the two Conviction he spends are deducted not
only from his current Conviction total but from the
banked total as well, leaving the "bank" at 5 points.

Cursesand Order

Just as each order of inquisitors has a category of

nece:

Blessings which it commonly exhibits, so too does
ra parallel affinity for a given type of
mystical affliction. Just as members of the House of
Murnau long been noted for the horrific manifesta-
tions of their family's Curse, so too have the Sisters
of St. John come to be known for their strange and
often inexplicable visions. Also like Blessings, Curses
are tied to the order for which they are known, but
are not exclusive to its membership. Inquisitors from
any and every order can easily acquire Curses from
any and every category.

each order be:

Order comes into play whenever an inquisitor
acquires his first Curse of a given stage. As stated in
Chapter Three, an inquisitor's very first Curse (a
Stage One Curse, acquired when he first advances to
the Acolyte stage) must come from his order's Curse
category. Then, when it comes time for an inquisitor
to acquire his first Stage Two Curse (as well as his

first Stage Three Curse), that Curse must also be
selected or assigned from that character's Primary
Curse category. Once the first Curse of a new Stage
has been acquired, however, this restriction no longer
applies; only the first such
needs to be order-specific.

Gnathernae

Although its effects aren't nearly so spectacular
as those of some other Curse categories, this collec-
tion of bizarre afflictions — the special afflictions of
the order known as the Eyes of God — is often seen
as the most puzzling, and therefore the most fright-
ening. Many inquisitors come to fear the order with
which they are associated, simply because they can-

se of a given stage

not grasp the message or "intent" behind these
strange Curses' allocation. Many of this category's
individual afflictions take no outward shape whatso-
ever, and this fact perhaps more than any other
makes other inquisitors quite nervous.

Anathemae do not have the physical distinc-
tiveness of Stigmata, for example, nor do they cause
the radical shift in behavior that accompanies Inter-
dictions. Although they are most often compared to
Visitations, the two are vastly different in the long-
term effects they seem to have on those they afflicted;
whereas Visitations tend to damage the mind given
enough time, what makes Anathemae most intrigu-
ing is the toll they take on the soul. Due to their very
nature, these Curses tend slowly but surely to ostra-
cize and alienate the inquisitor from those most
precious to him — the Flock. Given enough time
(and enough Curses), the frustrated inquisitor be-
gins to feel truly separated from his own kind. This,
in turn, opens the door wide to the cold comfort of
Callousness which, in turn, leads to yet more Curses.

Lambot Yod(Acolyte)

After sitting idly by, watching as mortal after
mortal falls victim to the predations of the Adversary
and its earthly minions, the inquisitor begins to grow
detached from the horror to which he bears repeated
witness. Jaded by suffering, the inquisitor starts view-
ing the Flock not as a collection of individuals who
need vigilance and protection, but as a single unit —
quite literally, asa "flock." He begins to take the long
view toward his mission, concentrating on what is
best for humanity at large, and in so doing closing his
heart to the specific humanity surrounding each
individual story he encounters.

System: The inquisitor is considered Callous if
his Conviction is equal to or higher than his Piety


mie)

a m
TERT e
} He B " < © ta 7
raed es 7 y's t
rating, rather than simply higher than his Piety
rating. This Curse has little effect on Callous inquisi-
tors, save to ensure that they stay that way.

Scentof Hyacinth Acolyte)

The inquisitor exudes an impossibly faint smell,
one that subliminally fills the minds of those nearby
with a deep and pervading sense of loneliness, loss
and regret. This supernatural pheromone drives away
most ordinary mortals — the very Flock the charac-
ter strives to protect — and actively draws unwanted

attention to the inquisitor from the hoary host of

Hell itself.

System: The mystical scent exuded by the char-
acter is extremely subtle, affecting all but the most
acutely sensitive on a purely subconscious level.
Mundane mortals react to the character with fear
and an indefinable sense of mistrust, and all rolls
involving social interaction with said mortals (or at
least those possessed of a sense of smell) are made at
a +1 difficulty. Intimidation rolls do not receive this
penalty, but they don't get any particular bonus,
either.
tively drawn — equally subconsciously — to the
mystical aroma, giving those with the ability to track

by scent (such as werewolves) a —2 modifier to all

Abominations, on the other hand, are ac-

difficulties on any such rolls.

Silent Vigil Advocate)

Due to the things he is forced to witness time and
time again, the inqu
self-doubt and despair so sudden and so overwhelm-
ing that he cannot communicate in any meaningful
way until they pass.

System: Whenever the char
act of utter cruelty (Storyteller discretion), or else
personally observes the death or dismemberment of
amember of the Flock, the player must immediately
succeed in a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or the
character is rendered mute, unable to utter any
meaningful sound of his own volition. This death of
communication extends beyond speech, preventing
the character even from writing or otherwise send-
ing messages of any kind. The Curse's stupefying
effects persist until the end of the scene.

Unelean (Advocate)

"A prophet is never welcome in his own coun-
try," Scripture says, and a character suffering this
Curse embodies the notion. Any stranger who lays
eyes on the character sees the worst type of person he
can imagine — a Crusader might see a Saracen, a
man terrified of disease sees a leper, and so forth.

icter witnesses an

itor is overcome by bouts of

System: Whenever the character meets a
stranger, the player must roll Appearance + Expres-
sion (difficulty 6). The more successes the player
rolls, the worse the reactions to her character. These
reactions may range from immediate distrust (one
success) to spitting and throwing stones (three suc-
to being immediately attacked or driven
away (five successes). This effect can be overcome if
the character converses with a stranger, learns his
name, and introduces himself — but few people will
be willing to sit down with such an unclean wretch.

§alse Witness Gudge)

The inquisitor has grown so paranoid of the
possibility of demons operating within his midst that

cesses.

he ceases trusting others almost entirely. Every claim
made before him is questioned, and every recounted
tale presumed to be a fabrication, embedded in the
minds of the weak by no less than the Adve
himself. Such afflicted inquisitors slowly lose the
capacity for both interpersonal discernment and
guile, as their own instincts about the methods and
motivations of men fade and eventually disappear
entirely.

sary

System: The character legitimately cannot dis-
tinguish fact from fiction, nor do his "lie detecting"
abilities function at even a fraction of the efficiency
of which they had once been capable. Toa character
struck with this Curse, every statement made to him
by a witness to an external event is either a lie or
most likely a lie, and even the inquisitor himself
cannot tell the difference. This Curse thus makes it
that much more difficult for the character to conceal
his own secret truths when he must. The doubt-
stricken character must acquire substantial evidence
before he is convinced of another's word, and will
still probably hold secret doubts thereafter. He suf-
fers a loss of three dice on all Subterfuge rolls, and all
attempts by the character to use Blessings that deter-
mine the veracity of
automatically.

Interdicfions

This broad category of spiritual and behavioral
Curses has long been associated with the Knightly
Orders to which these sorts of restrictions, taboos
and requirements have always been part and parcel.
Interdictions are spiritual mandates of a sort, press-
ing upon the afflicted inquisitor the need to abide by
acertain code of ethi
beyond those already imposed upon him by dint of
his established allegiances or declarations. A negli-

another's words fail

nd/or standards, above and


gent build-up of Interdictions can and will ulti-
mately limit the inquisitor's behavior to such a
degree that he can no longer function as a useful
member of the Inquisition at large. Such proud but
pitiful "lost warriors" serve no other daily purpose
but the maintenance and fulfillment of their own
Interdiction-imposed activities and prohibitions.
Come to this, some fallen inquisitors even voluntar-
ily end their own lives (and thus sin) rather than
continue living such unendurably rigid existences...
unless, of course, one of their Interdictions forbids
them from doing so.

Solerin Oath Ceolyfe)

The inquisitor has taken a sacred vow of some
kind, witnessed by a higher-up within the Church (a
bishop, at least) and thereby sanctified by God. Any

vow of the standard variety is acceptable, be it one of

chastity, honesty, poverty, silence, etc. This Curse
goes above and beyond any normal vow — breaking
an ordinary vow might be a grievous sin, but God
takes notice of broken Interdictions.

System: There is no system for this Curse. The
inquisitor simply abides by the promise he has made to

God orsuffers the consequences (see Violation sidebar).

Suller the Little Ghildeen (Geolyte)

The inquisitor has personally vowed or been
condemned never to harm true innocents, including
and especially young children. Although it appears
an honorable one on the surface, this Curse may end
up getting an inquisitor into some serious trouble.
After all, of the Adversary's many guises, the face of
an innocent is surely his most favored...

System: Again, this Curse has no specific con-
sequence. If the character allows a child or another
innocent to come to harm when he could reasonably
have prevented it, he is considered to have violated
his Interdiction.

Call of Duty (Advocate)

The inquisitor has been cursed with a frustrat-
ingly rigid sense of obligation to the lay. He has
vowed to tend the Flock to the best of his ability (and
with nearly every waking moment), and may deny a
fellow Christian in need only in the rarest of circum-
stances. This Curse is especially common among
former members of the various military orders that
make up the Knights of Acre.

System: Any time the character is directly called
upon by a fellow believer for aid, he must attempt to
be of assistance, regardless of his current activities.

sl

VIOLATION
A soone may ask, "What becomes

inquisitor who violates the conditions of
an Interdiction?" It is an important cugstion,
because the calling card of most Interdictions li
in the very fact that they are indeed violable. If one
simply could not break the vow he had been
compelled to take, then it would truly be much
less of a burden upon him in the long run. Accep-
tance of his inviolable situation would probably
follow quite easily, if such were the case. No, the
true insidiousness of these Curses lies in the fact
that their administration rests, by and large, in the
inquisitor's own hands.

When an inquisitor violates an Interdiction,
the Storyteller must look at two factors, each one
equally importantin determining the whole of the
violation: First, was the Interdiction violated in-
tentionally, or did a combination of unfortunate
factors propel the poor knight down the road t
violation? Second, how was the tran: ares
sion? Was
than God and the inquisitor himself?
serious breach, putting the lives of innocents at
risk and blatantly flouting the will of God — or,

iving strength to the Adversary?
it is a simple matter of the Stor
teller deciding how best to "punish" the offender.

whatis in orderhere. Insome cases, the inquisito
ownconscience will be enough, ashe frets over his
careless slip throughout the sleepless nights that
follow the initial transgression. If the Storyteller
opts to go this more narrative route, a game
chanic "back-up" is suggested; a d
reminder to keep the player focused on his regret-
stricken character. These could includesuch things
as penalties to all related Virtue rolls for a desig.
nated period of time, or a temporary loss of
Conviction (restored after the same period of
atonement). Whatever the case, a roll to avoid
losing Piety is almost surely in order. In other
cases, punishment will be dictated by the
character's specific situation. Ifaknight's superior
catches him breaking his vow of chastity, for
example, he might flog the sinful inquisitor or
even reduce him in station — perhaps both. Dark
Ages: Inquisitor is very much a game of tempta-
tionand damnation and, given the rather gruesom
acted by some of the other Curses, Stor
tellers are encouraged to be as forgiving as the
‘ors themselves, which is to say, not very
ng at all.


7 a Gl TAT ,
ef tracsd ent FOR bs Wik

He is honor-bound to help to the best of his ability,
and may decline only if presented with clear evi-
dence of the falsehood of the request (such as in the
case of someone pretending to be a Christian in
order to obtain aid). Inquisitors with this Curse often
find themselves unable to accomplish many of their
own goals, due to the tight constraints imposed upon
their time by their own conscience.

Endless Menitence (Advocate)

The character feels himself to be unworthy of
the food he eats, the power he wields, and even the
breath he draws. No amount of scourging or prayer
— only in doing the Lord's
omfortable.

makes the feeling fa

work does he ever fe

System: The character's Nature immediately
changes to Penitent or Fanatic upon receiving this
Curse. He cannot regain Conviction through prayer,
only through victory or risking Conviction.

Hain of the Slock Gudge)

This potent Interdiction forges a deep and abid-
ing connection between the inquisitor and those he
the followers of Christ. When-
ever the afflicted inquisitor observes a Christian

is sworn to protect
Si
G/

Ye
AA)

i)

X(

f

being physically hurt, he feels an empathetic tug of
anguish, as if sensing the poor soul's pain as it cries
out. He may even succumb to this pain himself, if he
witnesses enough unmitigated suffering without put-
ting a stop to it.

System: Anytime the cursed inquisitor witnesses
one of the flock being physically harmed by another,
he must immediately make a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 7). Failing this roll causes the character to
suffer
suffering. For example, if the inquisitor witnessed a

‘sympathy pain" in tune with the subject's

mortal's hand being crushed in a vise, he too would
feel a terrible pain spread through the muscle and
bone of his own hand. Although the inquisitor
suffers no real damage, he is just as stunned by the
painas is the actual victim. Each time thereafter that
the inquisitor watches the subject suffer an attack
that results in health level loss (without trying to put
a stop to it), the character must make the roll again.
Spending a Willpower point will allow the character
to steel himself against what he is being forced to
watch, but this expenditure is good only for the
subject in question, and even then only for the
remainder of the scene. After this time, he must

wo
> I
ry

Pea

i
es

| ae f

spend another Willpower point or be forced once
again to feel the subject's pain and suffering.

For each Willpower roll failed, the inquisitor feels
as though he had taken an illusory health level of
damage, applying an equivalent penalty to all his dice
pools. Thus, if the character fails a total of four Will-
power rolls in a scene due to this Curse, he will suffer a
—2 penalty to all rolls he makes thereafter (from being
"Mauled"), even though he is physically unhurt. The
character may erase these illusory wound penalties
through prayer, at the rate of one per hour; otherwise,
they disappear at sunrise the following day.

Note that this Curse applies only to good Chris-
tians — the Flock the inquisitor is sworn to protect.
Supernatural creatures and infidels can harm one
another in his presence all day long without trigger-
ing the slightest bit of sympathetic discomft

Waledictio

The imposing and often frightfully efficient
inquisitors of the House of Murnau are often
given the widest berth by members of the other
orders. Aside from their curious lineage, the fore-

most reason for this reputation lies in the
unearthly and often mystifying afflictions for
which these individuals are known. These Curses,
collectively called Maledictio, represent the
oddest of the odd in the realm of inquisitor
misfortune. They are certainly the most esoteric
of all Curses, running the widest gamut of pos-
sible effects.

Despite their prestige within the Inquisition,
however, Murnau are often met with considerable
fear by other inquisitors (as well as the laity), and
they often run great risk of meeting untimely ends at
the hands of their own congregation. The odd occur-
rences surrounding an inquisitor afflicted with
Maledictio ensure one of two immediate reactions
from the Flock, neither of which is very good for the
cause at large — that he will either be regarded as a
saint himself, or be pursued as one of the very
abominations he is sworn to unearth and destroy.
Given this fact, it isno wonder that many inquisitors
of House Murnau are loath to leave the company of
their fellows for very long.

Ailluce of Gerstle ades(Aeolyte)

As has been said, the House of Murnau has a
noted reputation among inquisitor orders — one
that comes from a number of sources, most of which
are unsettling in nature. This Curse, often called
simply "the Allure," is one of the most common

among Murnau and, truth be told, is one of the main
reasons for their widespread notoriety.

An inquisitor cursed with the Allure becomes
something of a magnet to weaker-willed members of
the Flock, many of whom see himas the earthly voice
of God himself, sent to deliver the masses from the
oppressive yoke of damnation, ignorance and ruin.
ry word uttered by the
inquisitor and often follow him wherever he goes,
preaching the gospel of his righteousness and grace.
Such attention is rarely a boon, however, and many
inquisitors "gifted" with the Allure soon find them-
selves praying for succor from the incessant and
often unnerving adulation of the Flock. Some are
even martyred for their role as (albeit unwilling)
idols to the poor and downtrodden.

Such mortals hang on e

System: Inquisitors with the Allure stand out in
a crowd of mortals, making concealment all but
impossible. Only by mystically shielding the inquisi-
tor from sight (with an appropriate Blessing) can the
character hope to move among the Flock unmo-
lested or even unnoticed. All rolls involving Stealth
receive a +2 difficulty.

Company of Wolves colyte)

The inquisitor has a particularly powerful aura
where God's lesser creations are concerned, result-
ing in a tendency to attract the (usually) unwanted
attention of certain members of the animal king-
dom. This aura is in no way under the inquisitor's
control, and he must find ways to manage his "fol-
lowers" on his own. If left unchecked, the inquisitor's
popularity may well result in serious problems for
folk in his proximity.

System: Typically, the character finds himself
the subject of fascination for a particular species of
animal. This preference comes from nothing so
much as a kinship they feel with the character; thus,
one may be able to tell a great deal about an inquisi-
tor from the type of animal he tends to attract. This
species preference, however, can change depending

on the inquisitor's geographic location, or even his
mood. In other words, an inquisitor who attracts
wolves cannot simply move to a desert climate and
think himself free of his Curse. Once at his new
locale (indeed, even once he has embarked along the
road there), he finds he has become the center of
worship for a new and different species, though the
personality kinship is still likely to be present. In the
earlier situation, for example, the traveling charac-
ter might find himself the icon of all jackals in the
new area, instead of wolves. The animals approach

t

me)

the character as closely ible, but never acts
uncharacteristically; that is, they still hunt prey and
flee from attackers. Characters using the Noah's
Favor Orison on such animals feel only an odd sense
of patience, as though the creatures are waiting for
something.

Devils Bargain (Advocate)

One of the most curious (as well as infamous) of
Maledictio, the nefarious arrangement known as the
Devil's Bargain forces the afflicted inquisitor to test
his luck daily against otherworldly forces — a spiri-
tual gamble, as it were, the result of which will lead
the inquisitor either to ruin or to reward at each and
every turn. Although a lucky inquisitor may find his
fortunes surprisingly salutary on occasion, the source
of his good luck is nonetheless a Curse, and sooner or
later odds are bound to catch up with him, forcing
him to pay the price for his earlier gains.

pos:

System: Every game session, the Storyteller sets
aside a pool of bonus dice that are offered up to the
inquisitor for use with any roll, divisible by any
means the character desires and usable at any time
during game play. This pool is equal to the character's
highest Superior Virtue rating. These dice, however,
are truly a devil's bargain: If the player fails to make
a success with any bestowed die, he must immedi-
ately expend a point of either Willpower or
Conviction for each failure, as the Curse comes to
claim its due. Thus, the higher the character's Supe-
rior Virtue, the more dice he may call upon for extra

power, and thus, the more rope he is given with
which to potentially hang himself.

The crux of this Curse rests in the fact that the
character cannot opt to ignore these bonus dice
entirely. At the end of any given session, any unused
bonus dice "spend themselves," resulting in the
immediate loss of an equal amount of Conviction
and/or Willpower. Thus must the character face
down his or her demons each and every day. Note,
however, that a legitimate success gained with a
bonus die is just as good as any other.

Matkof the Beast (Advocate)

This simple little Curse has been the death of
more than one member of House Murnau, and the
order has become incr

singly concerned with its
appearance among their number in recent years.
Upon acquiring this Curse, the inquisitor develops
any one of a number of subtle but nonetheless
troubling physical deformities. Common growths
include (in order of increasing rarity) a third nipple,

slightly red-tinged irises, mysterious blood-etched
tattoos, or even a small pair of bony bumps set just
above the eye ridge. It is important to note that none
of these protrusions are truly obvious or even overt in
many cases; most can be (and often are) explained
away as birthmarks or unfortunate scars. Needle:
say, the discovery of some of these growths is likely
tostir up trouble, and many Murnau quickly come up
with ways of disguising or otherwise diverting atten-
tion away from their marks, simply
tactic. Some even resort to self-mutilation in order
to hide their unfortunate taints.

to

s a survival

System: In addition to the obvious dangers
involved in being an inquisitor walking around with
a third nipple, the changes wrought by this Curse
(whatever the specifics are) result in a permanent
reduction of the character's Appearance score by
one. (Obviously, this applies only if the viewer is
capable of seeing or otherwise sensing the defor-
mity.) Although self-mutilation and various mystical
remedies can mar and even remove the growth for a
while, such measures are temporary at best and the
growth always returns, given time. Terrifyingly
enough, this Curse is often encountered multiple
times on the same individual, and a number of
Murnau possess Mark of the Beast as their only
Advocate-level Curse
Advocate-level Curses they may have acquired.

regardless of how many

Feesonal fdversacy Gudge)

Upon the acquisition of this Curse, the inquisi-
tor suddenly becomes plagued by the machinations
of a tiny, shadowy imp — often called a Yattering.
This new companion haunts the poor soul day and
night thereafter, giving him criminally bad advice,
messing about in her things and generally making
life miserable for her. An inquisitor's Yattering is
invisible, intangible and inaudible — nonexistent
in every way to everyone but the inquisitor herself,
and no amount of cajoling or conniving will get the
little beast to go away before he is ready. No two
Yatterings are quite the same, and many tend to bear
features similar to the inquisitor to whom they have
been "assigned."

System: The Storyteller is free to make this little
terroras annoying oras accommodating as he wishes,
with two simple but important caveats: First, the
Yatteringis there to challenge and to test the inquisi-
tor, not to aid her; the imp is not forbidden from
sting his "charge" per se, but its help is never free.
Second, the Yattering must leave the inquisitor
alone during the hours between sunrise and sunset;


he may appear and even speak to the inquisitor at
any time, to be sure, but he cannot actively involve
himself in the inquisitor's affairs until nightfall. But
after that, the gloves are off, and Storytellers are

encouraged to be as fiendish as they feel will add to
the overall enjoyment of the game and/or the fur-
therance of the story.

Common Yatterings stand about two feet tall,
r s similar to those of the inquisitor and
are capable of taking any action of which the char-
acter himself is capable. This connection ends at
powers, however: Yatterings possess no holy Bless-
ings. They do, however, often have their own
collections of odd quirks and abilities, the number of
which is quite curiously dependent upon the po-
tency of the inquisitor to whom they are attached
(the Yattering of a powerful and respected elder in

the sect would have access to a wide array of minor
effects). Note, however, that no Yattering is capable
of causing direct damage to any living creature, no
matter how powerful the little imp is.

Stigmata

For decades now the definitive marks of the
mysterious Red Order, this collection of physical
afflictions bears the dubious distinction of carrying
the burden of all inquisitor Curses, as far as the Flock
is concerned. When mortals think of the "curses"
borne by all servants of God in the Inquisition, they
conjure images of bloody brows, holey palms and the
like. In short, they think of the Stigmata (as they
know them) — the wound marks and sufferings of
the Passion of Christ.

In truth, the Stigmata — as an inquisitor Curse
— are rarely found outside the Red Order. In fact,
these afflictions are so deeply tied to the order that

many question their true origins. Some believe that
these Curses are nothing less than divine retribu-
tion, stemming from some secret, forbidden
relationship the order maintains with the Adver:
himself. The Red Monks themselves decry this pos-
tulation vehemently, maintaining that suffering from
these afflictions is the surest sign of the depth of the
order's holiness — as it is with all proper saints and
martyrs. In the end, few can argue the severity of
these Curses and even fewer would trade their own

misfortunes for the terrible sentences pronounced
upon the members of the order. But learned scholars
outside the order do wonder why wounds that bear
no resemblance to the wounds of Christ appear just

as often in the order...

| al

+ DARKAGES: INQUISITC

sy

®

4

te
Boiledin Shame Acolyte)

The inquisitor develops a series of grotesque
boils all over his body, making movement and fine
manipulation of objects a tiresome and painful pros-
pect indeed. This series of growths follows no pattern,
although most who develop this Curse tend to amass
the bulk of them on the palms of their hands and the
soles of their feet. Some pop of their own accord and
seep pus freely thereafter, whereas others simply
swell to agonizing dimensions without offering the
slightest surcease from the discomfort they cause.

System: The presence of the noxious collection
of pustules hampers the character's activity, impos-
ing a difficulty penalty of +1 to all Dexterity rolls
involving fast movement or fine manipulation. In
addition, the character's effective Appearance rat-
ing is lowered by one point at all times that any such
boils are visibly apparent.

Lashedin dudqment Acolyte)

Upon acquisition of this Curse, the inquisitor's
back becomes a latticework of cri \
though he had recently been the subject of a terrible
caning or whipping. Only by leaving these mar
exposed to the air may the poor soul find any sort of
relief from the terrible pain they cause him.

System: The agony caused by the lashes is (un-
derstandably) distracting to the character, imposing
a constant level of discomfort on his tortured form.
Each time the character wishes to exert himself
physically (such as to swing a sword), he suffers a —2
dice penalty to his dice pool. However, his player
may roll Stamina (difficulty 7) to mitigate the effects
of this pain on his performance, with each success
reducing the penalty by one. Each such roll applies
toall physical actions taken for the remainder of the
scene.

Crowntedby Thorns (Advocate)

Like Christ on the cross, the inquisitor su
froma ring of small puncture wounds stretching from
the forehead around to the back of his head. This
circle of lesions marks the individual as someone
unusual (to say the least), making casual interaction
difficult as long as they remain unconcealed. In
addition, the head wounds periodically erupt in
active blood flow, obscuring the inquisitor's vision
and terrifying all those around him.

System: Unless the character takes pains to
conceal the ring of scars (beneath a turban, for
ample), all Social rolls are made at a +2 difficulty
due to their startling effect on all those around him.

rossed mar s

ers


raed rut Big

Additionally, these tiny wounds reopen whenever
the character is faced with spiritual defeat. When-
ever the player fails a roll on which he has risked
Conviction, the wounds open to send blood down
his face and into his eyes. For the remainder of the
scene, or until the wounds heal (whichever happens
first), the character suffers a +2 difficulty to all
vision-based Perception rolls. If this happens during
combat, the character suffers a —2 to his initiative
rating for the remainder of the scene.

Wlackedby the Cross (Advocate)

The inquisitor's wrists (or palms in some cases)
and ankles all develop an identical rounded, patch-
work scar. These scars become active wounds
whenever the inquisitor's moral resolve fails him.

System: Whenever the character fails any roll
involving his primary Superior Virtue, all four scars
suddenly open and begin to bleed profusely. Unlike
some other Stigmata bloodlettings, this occurrence
is extremely painful and the character cannot grip
items or even walk properly until the effect subsides
and the wounds close. Each turn in which the
character tries to handle an object (even lifting a
cross) or to move any faster than a slow hobble, the
player must succeed on a Stamina + Faith roll (dif-
ficulty 6). Otherwise, the character immediately
loses a health level (this damage is considered bash-
ing). The effect persists for the remainder of the
scene or until the wounds are healed, whichever

occurs first.

Spearedby Destiny Gudge)

This vicious Curse, the most grievous of Stig-
mata, causes the inquisitor's side to split open in a
painful echo of the impalement of Christ. This

wound, which never closes, serves as a constant

reminder to the accursed of Jesus' final moments on
the cross. As with other Stigmata, this gaping wound
flows slowly but steadily, until it gradually stains the
individual's clothing and anything else with which it
is in contact with a thin, watery blood.

System: Once this Curse is acquired, the char-
acter immediately drops to the Injured health level
as his side tears open with the force of a mighty spear
strike. This loss is permanent and cannot be healed
by normal means; mystical arts (including certain
Blessings) may temporarily heal these lost health
levels, but the wound nonetheless reopens every
afternoon at three o'clock. Although the wound
flows freely at all times, the blood loss is mystical in

+ PY

nature and does not result in any further loss of life
for the accursed character.
Visitations

The Sisters of St. John are often noted for their
mysterious and often awe inspiring visions, trances
and imaginings. They are widely regarded as the
oracles and seers of the Inquisition, but many se-
cretly wonder whether the Sisters are being exposed
to visions better left unseen. A common impression
among those outside the order is that there is a causal
relationship between Curses and madness, that the
acquisition of the enigmatic Sisters' Curses leads
directly to mental instability. Although th
ment may be true after a fashion, it is not entirely
accurate. In fact, for the Sisters of St. John, madness
is a means of actually escaping the worst effects of
their order's frightful afflictions.

Book of Revelations (a colyte)

Each night while the inquisitor sleeps, a new
image of Judgment Day fills her restless mind, driv-
ing all peace and respite from her nighttime rest.
Only through sheer force of will do the strongest
Sisters manage to avert the worst effects of these

state-

visions to rise rested the morning after. Despite their
relentless dread, many Sisters view these terrible
insights as the price they must pay to fulfill their role
in the final conflict with the Adve!

sary.

System: Each morning when the character
ens, her player must roll Willpower (difficulty 6) to
determine how well the inquisitor rested the night
before. If she fails this roll, the character earns a
difficulty modifier of +3 to all rolls involving a
Mental Attribute attempted throughout the follow-
ing day. For each success gained on the roll, however,
this penalty is reduced by one. Thus, with three
successes the Sister has rested well enough to func-
tion normally.

The Gloaming Acolyte)

The gloaming is the twilight of the day, the period
between the darkness and the light. It's the magical
time between the ending of the day's long work and the
entrance into the magical world that lies at the edge of
mundane. The gloaming symbolizes the intertwining of
forces that gives life to the power of imagination.
Among the Sisters of St. John, the term is also used to
refer to the brief period of unease between worlds that
onightfall.
For a Sister to be caught "in the gloaming" is to be
likewise caught between two worlds — as the earthly

occurs

as the tranquil light of day gives w:

ae a Ss
BP Qa... CHAPTEREIVE.. y As | i
"THE WORD OF GO! Pate


world of light loses power and the world of spirit and
<es hold.

shadow

System: At dusk on every day of her life, at the
precise moment when the sun dips below the hori-
zon, the inquisitor has a chance to become caught in
the gloaming. The player must immediately roll
Willpower (difficulty 7). If roll succeeds, she slips
into a sort of spiritual trance as her worldly essence
becomes one with the spiritual. Until night has fully
fallen (for the next hour or so), she is completely
unaware of her physical surroundings, concentrating
instead on the world of magic and spirits. Only the
causation of actual physical pain will snap her drift-
ing essence back to reality.

It is important to note that the Gloaming is not
merely a transcendental state of mind but an actual
supernatural shift. While her senses roam this other
world, the character can and will be receptive to the
ions of ghosts. She can
see them move, hear their cries and even communi-
cate with them (albeit on a primal, empathetic
level). Unfortunately, she also becomes visible to
malevolent spirits as well, and any who wish her
harm are free to do so while she is trapped in this
state; moreover, most Sisters lack the occult knowl-
edge required to do anything to resist such assaults
actively. Nonetheless, many believe the experience

overtures and communic

to be well worth its cost. Such Sisters view the
gloaming as no Curse at all, but rather
from beyond.

Cutse of the Scribe (Pdvocate)

This curious Curse turns the afflicted inquisitor
into an automatic writer, a person who enters deep
trances and scribbles various and sundry eldritch

sa blessing

etchings upon walls, floors or even upon her own
skin — whatever is handy — until such time as the
spirits she is channelingare finished speaking through
her.

System: Where and when the accursed charac-
ter enters an automatic writing trance is largely up to
Storyteller discretion, but as a general rule, the
mental state of the inquisitor plays the most pivotal
role. Extreme emotional states tend to open the
character's mind and soul to the whims of nearby
spirits more easily than when she is simply engaged
in normal activity. At times when the mind is
relaxed and at ease, or when it is unusually agitated
or unsteady, spirits have the best chance to open the
strongest connections with a mortal host. (a charac-

ter in the gloaming — see above — likewise stands

a good chance). At these times, the Storyteller may

~*S\

Se

a

rw ES :
Ap


Wt 9

me} irae

GI

call for the player to make a Willpower roll with a
variable difficulty (usually determined by a combi-
nation of factors, including but not limited to the
strength of the intruding spirit). Add a difficulty
modifier of +2 to this roll (maximum 10) if the
character is Callous at the time. If this roll succeeds,
the character may opt to stop the trance before it
; she steels her will against the call of the
spirits, denying them access to her body fora time. If
the roll fails, however, she immediately enters a
trance and begins free writing with whatever imple-
mentsare handy. Although automatic writing trances
ifully short (most of the time), there
stopping a trance once it has begun, short of knock-

even star

are mei is no

ing the inquisitor unconscious or driving away the
spirit in residence.

Mlossolalia (Advocate)

For some Sisters, the connections the
sionally forge with the spirit world are often left
open, like conversations in which the listener has
drifted off to sleep but the speaker speaks on, un-
awares. In cases such as this, the inquisitor often
then becomes the conduit for all manner of messages
from the other side, and cannot even control when

occa-

or how she will be forced to relate them.

System: At times when the character is emo-
tionally agitated, or whenever she is in an area where
spirits are particularly active, the Storyteller may
call upon her player to make a Willpower roll (vari-
able difficulty, as with Curse of the Scribe above). If
the player fails this roll, the character immediately
begins babbling uncontrollably in ancient and inde-
cipherable languages, often to the exclusion of all
else. Rarely is the character aware of her surround-

difert

I

ings while this happens, and many who view such an
occurrence often believe at first that she is possessed
(which isn't very far from the truth). This rambling
supernatural rant persists until the end of the scene,
oruntil the character is rendered unconscious, which-
ever occurs first.

Spicit Tithe Qudge)

This Curs
tor for all interactions she must make with creatures
not of this earth, taxing her spiritual reserves with
the intensity of the communion. For those Sisters
who are particularly involved in the Fight, this can
mean a serious drain on their physical and mental

imposes a heavy duty on the inquisi-

reserves, or for some even death.

System: Anytime the character makes contact
with a demon, ghost, spirit or other unearthly crea-
ture by any means, be it through touch, a Blessing or
even through another Curse, the player must imme-
diately roll Piety (difficulty 8); failure taxes the
character's soul one Willpower point. Thankfully,
this roll (and possible expenditure) need be made
only once for each creature encountered. In addi-
tion, this roll needs to be made only if there is direct
contact with the abomination; she must touch it or

otherwise be affected by it somehow (or vice versa)
over the course of the encounter. Such an expendi-
ture lasts for the scene. If by some chance she goes on
to encounter directly another abomination in the
next scene, her player will have to make the roll
again. And if for some reason the Willpower point
cannot be spent, the character must give up a portion
of her own life essence to complete the connection,
resulting in the loss of a health level (which is
considered bashing damage, but it cannot be soaked).

a
-CHAPTEREIVE.. ~Ad i
RD OF GOL =~, 1

I


Joonofhave time tobe subfle.

The two children, giggling and playing, blushing and panting in the grass to-
gether, must give of themselves for me. | circle high above them, my wings aching,
the great hunger inside me crying out for their souls.

| could make them mine and leave them alive, of course. They are both old
enough to make such decisions, and even if they weren't, when the boy has his way
(and the girl is only moments away from acquiescing, | sense) they have full hold
over their own souls. But | don't have the energy to assume a form that wouldn't
horrify them. | swoop lower, and the girl rolls over on her back and lets the boy lift
her skirts.

Suddenly, | feel the urge to linger.

Much to do, once I've fed and rested. | need to find another host — | had to
sacrifice my last body to escape that damned inquisitor. Brother Giordano Nicola
d'Arzenta, do not think | have forgotten you! But | could not stand before you
and so many others, not in the breaking light of dawn.

Even demons fear the points of swords, at times. Even demons can die.

Iconsider perching and waiting for them to finish, but then | decide otherwise.
The boy, atop his lover, thrusts his hips forward and | feel her change as her virgin
blood stains her dress. She is no longer a child. Even now her blood changes, her
taste changes, her very soul changes. The boy changes too, of course, but it isn't
nearly so pronounced for men. Men take nothing new upon themselves when
they enter the act of love for the first time, but women do. And they remember.
They remember pain and love and longing, and they remember it forever. A
woman's first lover shapes her forever. This girl was fortunate; her first lover is
considerate, if a bit clumsy.

Her good fortune makes little difference, of course.

| swoop in and pull the boy up from his lover's grasp. My teeth crush his skull
before he knows what happened. The womanscreams. She attempts to pray, but
cannot find the words. She still bleeds, slightly, and | can smell it, even with the
boy'slife coursing down my throat, |cansmellit. |haven't hada virgin insolong,and
I'venevertakena girl sosoon after her deflowering. Were | human, | would become
aroused. The sensation of hunger is not dissimilar, and | can feel hunger.

| drop the boy's body and wipe his precious blood from my mouth. Tomorrow
someone will find their bodies and | dearly hope itis Brother Giordano, on his way
back from Compostela, the self-righteous bastard. Pilgrims? They know nothing
of leaps of faith.

land, and the girl screams loud and long. What would this do to her percep-
tions of love and lust, | wonder, if | let her live?

It hardly matters. | won't.


(HAPCER SIX:

SCORY CELLING

If all the Earth were paper white and all the sea
were ink, ‘twere not enough for me to write as my
poor heart doth think.

— John Lily

And we hope you, too, find yourself full of ideas.
Having come nearly to the end of Dark Ages: Inquisitor,
you stand ready to walk with your players through the
catacombs, palaces and hidden vales of Dark Medieval
Europe. Armed with sword and cross, Blessings and Con-
viction (and plagued by nightmarish visions, fanatical
intolerance, a callous heart and heretical doubts), their
characters are ready to take the battle to the Cainites and
other demons, to explore the depths of horror that lie
beneath the night. Gathered around the table, character
sheets and dice in hand, pizza on the way, the players look
to you with eager eyes...

Now, what do you do?


MES rach d AGM AO 2 BN

This chapter helps answer that question. It con-
tains advice for the Storyteller on how to create new
tales centered on the Inquisition and provides tools
to use when weaving these exciting stories. Begin-
ning with a general treatment of the roles of the
Storyteller and the players, it moves to specific
discussions of the techniques used to construct a
chronicle and the art of storytelling a game of horror
set ata more human scale. It ends with three sample
story ideas to jump-start your own chronicles.

Use these tools well, and you in turn will provide
your players with the instruments they need to help
create a chronicle that not only entertains, but one
you will all remember fondly long after it is over.

Siern Ground

All strong structures are built atop firm founda-
tions, and the same is true of a Dark Ages: Inquisitor
chronicle. Storytellers will benefit from a brief dis-
cussion of the basic roles of the Storyteller herself,
her troupe of players, and those things that make the
shared creation of stories special, as opposed to just
rolling dice.

The Storyteller

The Storyteller has several key roles in the game.
While the players need merely consider their chara
ters, the Storyteller must look after an entire world. It
may at first seem daunting to be the characters' fi
senses, the interpreter of physical reality in the chronicle
and the voice of everyone they meet, but, broken into
its constituent par

ce

, the challenge becomes less fear-
some and more exciting.

Giving life (or unlife) to everyone the characters
meet during the chronicle is one of the true joys of
storytelling. Just change a voice, invent a signature
phrase, or affect a different mannerism — one simple
change is often all that's needed — and the Storyteller
breathes reality and depth into any encounter, from the
village charcoal-maker to a Lasombra elder. This is
when storytelling is the most rewarding for the Story-
teller, the time when she can enter the story directly
and join in the play. Dialogue between Storyteller
characters and the troupe's characters helps bring the
players into the story that much more, and helps them
see the characters with whom they interact as people,
rather than as "Storyteller characters." If those charac-
ters become even slightly real to the players, anything
that happens to or with them elicits a response and
keeps them motivated (which is ultimately what you
want as Storyteller).

HAPTERSIX:

The Storyteller is also the players' window to the
world of the chronicle. She describes all they see,
hear, smell, touch and taste. The feel of moss on a
church wall, the smell of a rotting corpse and the
sounds of the flickering torch flames that illuminate
it — it is the Storyteller's special responsibility to
convey this information to the players so they can
more easily suspend their disbelief. In Dark Ages:
Inquisitor, the Storyteller's challenge is to describe
the world the characters inhabit while maintaining
the sense of mystery and dread that must accompany
any foray into the Dark Medieval night.

In a sense, the Storyteller is supreme, for she
determines and establishes the physical and meta-
physical laws of the characters' world. Will fire
inevitably drive off vampires, or will this be sub-
jected to a throw of the dice, as modified by the
character's abilities? Are the visions of the Sisters of
St. John genuine Holy Sight or the colorful preludes
toa future of madness? By establishing which rules in
this book stand, change or are eliminated altogether,
the Storyteller decides what is "real." The same is
true for rulings made during the session. The Story-
teller is obligated to be fair and consistent in her
decisions, of course, lest the players feel that she is
simply ona power trip and has no interest in building
a chronicle about their characters.

Finally, the Storyteller must be an author and
architect. She plots the general course of the chronicle
and devises the schemes of the characters she con-
trols, their hopes, desires and fears. The Storyteller
charts the chronicle's sequence of events and its
overall goal. She might feel an almost-overwhelm-
ing urge to make sure the players stick to her brilliant
plot, but she should resist this urge. If the players
come up with a brilliant scheme to foil or even
destroy the Baali Methuselah before the Storyteller
had planned for it, let it work. Forcing players'
characters down a narrow, predetermined path is a
sure way to make them feel insignificant when they
are supposed to be central to the stor

So, while she creates the overall direction of the
chronicle, the Storyteller needs to develop that fine
sense of balance that lets her tell the tale she wishes,
but allow the players to direct it, too. Taking heed of
the advice in this chapter and putting it to practice
is a good start.

The Troupe

Listen to what they are telling you; take it into
account when designing a chronicle. In the end, the
purpose of a game of Dark Ages: Inquisitor is that

"i 7, 2 ae » STORYTELLING: Jt. nai


sg ¢

or $ ifs
everyone have fun creating a memorable story to-
gether. If all they do is march through your grand
drama with no contributions of their own, they
might as well have stayed home and watched a
movie. Players come together to have some of their
own needs met, whether it's to vicariously explore a
horrific setting, solve puzzles or simply to enjoy
helping create a satisfying story. Part of your job is to
recognize those needs and see that, in some measure,
they are met.

Giving them everything would be too easy, how-
ever. Chronicles without any challenges to overcome
are dulland, if the characters don'trun the risk of defeat,
then victory feels hollow. Where would be the fun if the
head of the Crimson Curia surrendered without a
struggle and handed over the names of all the vampires
of Rome? The game would quickly grow boring and the
Storyteller would have to rapidly escalate the rewards
just to maintain the troupe's interest. That can only last
so long, though, before the players aren't impressed by
killing their 50th Methuselah and want to play some-
thing else.

So, give them what they want, but make them work
for it. Remember, the Inquisition's foes do all they can
to avoid the pyre or the stake. Mortal heretics lie,
dissemble, rebel or flee, while Cainites and their ghouls
do all they can in the name of self-preservation. They
stymie the inquisitors any chance they can get. They
use blackmail, seduction, corruption, political influ-
ence and outright violence to defeat the characters.
Toss whatever obstacles you can in the troupe's way;
make them challenging but not insurmountable. Neo-
phyte inquisitors taking on an elder vampire should
expect to have their heads handed to them. Find the
sweet spot between challenge and reward, however,
y to the greatest compli-
menta Storyteller can receive: A troupe eager to come

and you are well on your we

back for the next session.

ATale Well Told

In a Dark Ages: Inquisitor chronicle, Story-
teller and troupe come together to create a story and,
by incorporating universal themes and symbols, you
can give yours a satisfying depth and texture. Take
the dramas you see in everyday life, whether on
television, in the newspapers or even in person, and
use those elements that are their essence to give a
ring of truth or believability to your characters and
plots. The Cathar the inquisitors put to the question
in a village could be no more than a spear-carrier,
there to say his lines and then walk off or die — or
you could take the time to think why he became a

"

heretic. Was he disgusted by the corruption of the
local priests? Did one of them slake his lust with the
poor man's wife? Or was faith a motivating factor in
his turn to heresy? The modern corporate executive
who misleads shareholders while robbing the com-
pany blind serves as a model fora bishop who uses his
see merely to enrich himself. Use what you perceive
around you and you give your players something to
hook onto, something that helps them comprehend
and relate to this alien world you are showing them.

Take advantage of the timeless themes of mythol-
ogy and the great dramas, too. There is a reason these
stories resonate down to the present day — they illus-
trate themes we all know (or want to believe) are true.
The overweening hubris of Oedipus, the love beyond
death Isis felt for Osiris, the blindness to predicted
disaster that led the Trojans to ignore Cassandra, the
towering ambitions of Lady Macbeth — these and
other mythic constants are your tools. Use them to lend
substance to your chronicles. Is the character's superior
in the Order of St. Theodosius falling victim to pride,
delving into forbidden secrets in the belief that only he
can stop the werewolf menace? Is the Prince of Ancona
consumed by a jealousy worthy of Othello, unjustly
suspecting his childe of being seduced by a priest of the
Cainite Heresy? Is he thus willing to risk contact with
the Inquisition and possible destruction to expose his
rivals and win back — or have revenge upon — the
object of his desire? Use of the classic tropes that make
a memorable myth or tale can make your chronicles
memorable, too.

Ononicle

Designing a Dark Ages: Inquisitor chronicle may
seem at first an overwhelming task. Where do youstart?
How much should you detail in advance? Is this a
chronicle that deals with grand plots and high drama
over a span of years, or does it cover the events in one
small barony at Christmas? Will the characters be solely
focused on rooting out the demonic menace, or will
they also face more mundane problems of Church
corruption or mortal heresy? What will you do to
maintain the mood of the story over many sessions?
Thinking about these and so many more questions can
leave a Storyteller dizzy. The material that follows
breaks creating a chronicle down into easily digestible
chunks and gives advice to set you on the right path.

diest Considerations

Before you set pen to paper or fingers to keyboard,
before you decide whether the Count Vorlach is a


¢

mye) frac ¢

werewolf or if your main theme will be the test of
religious faith, you must attend tosome basics first. Take
care of these before you do your detailed design work,
and you will find the rest of your tasks much easier.

Talk With the Mayers

Dark Medieval chronicles touch upon themes

and subjects that can elicit strong reactions in pla
ers and Storytellers alike. Religion, sexuality,
ethnicity, history and politics are all topics that

people may be sensitive to, even if they don't reali
it until confronted with them. Think of things near
and dear to you and how you react when they are
challenged or attacked, or someone made a remark
you felt was insensitive. Did someone make an off-
handed quip about homosexuals, not knowing that
a dear relative of yours was gay? Did you get defen-
sive? Or did you tell an "Italian joke" not knowing
the Italian-American woman with you had heard
them a million times and v to death of them?
Did the intensity of her reaction startle you?

ic

By centering the chronicle on mortals and their
beliefs and institutions, Dark Ages: Inquisitor has
the potential to touch upon very sensitive topics. By
its very nature ¢
with corruption, venality and hideous secrets behind
things we hold dear. To succeed at inspiring horror
in the players, however, it must touch something
they themselves can relate to. Investigating rumors
of a cult of Cainite Heretics on the Marseilles water-
front, the Murnau inquisitord treet children
being raped as part of an initiation into the cult.
What if the player or someone close to him was the
victim of childhood abuse? Attending Mass in Zurich,

a historical horror game, it deals

‘overs

ice is filled with blood and that the priest is preaching
that Chris sa vampire. What if the player is a
devout Catholic?

More so than other games, a horror chronicle
requires forethought and mutual consent and under-
standing to work well. Before designing the story,
talk to your players. Find out what their boundaries
are. Some won't mind. They are there to explore the
depths of darkness, to get that rush of adrenaline we
all feel when faced with something dangerous and
evil. Details heighten his experience, giving him

something dramatic to struggle against or be tempted
by. With a player like this, youcan probably push the
envelope and use graphic elements of horror in the
chronicle.

With others, however, perhaps the majority,
there are lines you should be careful not to cross. For

CHAPTER SIX
« STORYTELEING +

these people, the best horror is hinted at and left "off-
camera." The shadows playing on the wall as Bela
Lugosi skins Boris Karloff alive in The Black Cat are
enough for them; they don't need to see the actual
vivisection. This is why the Storyteller must talk
with her players first, to find out their comfort levels,
which themes are best handled indirectly or even
not at all. Do this beforehand and you may save
yourself from a disastrous evening.

There is another reason to talk with your players,
too. You may have conceived of a chronicle that
deals with a long, subtle investigation of devil wor-
ship set against the background of the crusades in
Spain. Combat will be rare, and negotiations and
tests of religious faith will predominate. Then, when
the game begins and you meet the characters for the
first time — your players have all created combat
monsters looking to stake anything that moves.

Not good.

Instead, take the time to find out what sort of
chronicle the players want. What types of characters
and plots most excite them? Be sure to add some of
these elements to the chronicle. If you still want to
explore those themes you had in mind, then suggest
a few changes to the characters so they won't be
completely out of place in play. Checking with your
players first will help you design a chronicle satisfy-
ing to all — yourself and your troupe.

Scope? Nace, Time and Power

Before the chronicle opens, you need to decide
its scope. How large an area will it cover? How much
time will pass until it reaches its conclusion — if it
ever does? Will the characters be mainly at a low
level of power, dealing with ghouls, heretical towns-
men, and relatively weak Cainites? Or will they be
among the mightiest in their orders, preparing for
the day when they trap a Lasombra Methuselah in
his lair? These are questions solely in the Storyteller's
domain, and you should answer them at the start of
your design work. Each option has its benefits and

unique features.

Restricting your chronicle to a small geographical
area allows you to design the chronicle's setting in some
detail, giving flesh to more of its inhabitants, mortal or
otherwise, and taking advantage of its history and
legends. Players become more interested in the setting
because their characters are more closely tied to it. It
may even be the inquisitors' home. The Storyteller can
devise an intricate web of relationships and plots, and
her players will come to know the places and people of
this corner of Dark Medieval Europe in a much more

— —


intimate way than happens in chronicles with a grand
sweep. For chronicles at this scale, the local church is
more fitting than the grand cathedral, while the forlorn
tower on the ridge housing a noble family sunk into
decay works better than the vast palace filled with
hellspawn.

On the other hand, chronicles with a grand
sweep are dramatic because of the vastly different
locales they encompass. A story that moves from the
spice-scented streets of Jerusalem to the foggy high-
lands of Scotland on a quest for the Holy Grail is
memorable because of the rich variety of images it
conjures. Such places are also more appropriate for
chronicles that deal with grand themes or plots,
because the Storyteller must paint each location
with broad brush-strokes. From quests to recover a
holy relic toa continent-spanning crusade to redeem
the soul of the Church by unraveling the Cainite
Heresy wherever it is found, epic themes are well

suited to an epic scale.

The Storyteller should also consider scale of
time in her chronicle. A story spanning a single
season or year works well with a chronicle set in a
limited area, and the tight focus in space and time
helps build the tension rapidly. As in a good short
story, subplots and distractions are kept to a mini-
mum as the tale will soon be coming to a climax.
Chronicles limited to a very short time should have
no distractions, but those chronicling a few years can
have a small number to provide variety and some
complexity. The end in either case, when it comes,
should tie up loose ends and provide a definite result
and closure — either success or failure.

Open-ended chronicles have no definite end in
mind. They follow the evolution of the characters,
»s and failures, triumphs and tragedies,
over years and even decades. While goals major and
complished (or missed), the game
itself never comes to a conclusion. New characters
replace those who have died or retired, while more
powerful enemies fill the shoes of old, defeated foes.
Although the open-ended chronicle allows for the
development of intricate relationships, plots, and
side-stories, a wise Storyteller will have a climax in
, lest her game break down in boredom as

their succe

minor may be a

reserv:

"more of the same."

Scope of power is a special consideration for
Dark Ages: Inquisitor Storytellers. New Storytell-
ers may be eager to throw the biggest and s
opponents in the system at the characters, just be-
cause they're such exciting foes. Remember that, for
all their holy powers, for all their True Faith and

riest

ditty?

dag ‘aN fe park

Conviction, the characters are still mortal in a land
filled with predators. Scale the foes appropriately,
limiting the game at first to challenges that will be
difficult, but not insurmountable. Once you have a
better feeling for Storytelling mortal inquisitors,
then turn up the power.

Jocus

Set aside fora moment all those thoughts you've
had about your chronicle. Forget about plots and
schemes, ignore questions of scope and mood, don't
even think of designing the ghoul cardinal. Ask
yourself this: What is this chronicle about? What is
its focus? It's not about the hunt for the
the night, nor is it focused on dark tales of the
corruption of Rome. The focus of the chronicle isn't
anything you've created at all.

atures of

The focus is people, imaginary and real.

The chronicle you design and share with your
players (and, in turn, let them redesign) is about them
and their characters — all else is secondary, just win-
dow-dressing. The spotlight of the story should center
on the characters. When the Cainite Prince of Leén
feels threatened by the characters, his reactions should
somehow touch on them, reminding them of their
centrality. Stories should take advantage of their
strengths and weaknesses, involving them by using
hooks in their backgrounds. Don't make them mere
observers or extras to Storyteller characters: If the
Count of Champagne holds court to hear charges of
witchcraft, have him involve the characters as active
participants. If all the characters do is stand and watch
others do exciting things while they get to hold the
horses, the chronicle will be a short one, indeed.

The players and their characters are the focus of
the game. While their characters take center stage in
Dark Medieval Europe, the players themselves have
center stage in your living room. Although your title
is "Storyteller," don't hog the limelight, and don't let
your characters overshadow theirs. You may have
created a powerful Murnau who is important to the
story, but don't let her make the players and their
beloved characters superfluous — let them propose
plans and take action! Don't make her so powerful
and competent that the players are left wondering
why their characters are even there. Share the stage
with your players, even learn to stay in a supporting
role, and your chronicle will prosper for it.

There

If the stories we tell are to be more than just a
series of meaningless encounters, they need some-


= a

thing to bind them together, like a sauce binds and
blends the flavors a dish. That binding ingredient is
the theme. A theme is a common thread, a specific
idea that runs through the background of your
chronicle. It gives a sense of unity to all that occurs
over its course. Themes work best when you are
subtle with them, letting the players discover what
they are and drawing their own conclusions about
their meaning. One of the advantages of themes
they allow you as Storyteller to maintain some con-
trol over the chronicle and its direction, without
being ham-fisted about it.

UD
prey

Themes are not difficult to conceive. Simply
look at the world around you and ask yourself what
common threads you can draw between events. The
medieval mind saw patterns in everything, even in
events we would call random. You can do the

same
to give a sense of meaning and consistency to your
chronicles. Many of the themes appropriate to other
Dark Ages games work well with Dark Ages: In-
quisitor. Does power without accountability corrupt?
When you have power that sets you apart from other
mortals, are you still human or do you, too, begin to
look on other mortals as cattle? Can faith light the
way from temptation?

While myriad themes can be put to good use in

Dark Ages: Inquisitor, there are a few that are
especially appropriate. Look them over and feel free
to use those that appeal to you, singly or woven
together in a complex tale.

Delendersof the jaithandthe faithful

Murnau, Eye of God, Red Brother, Sister of St.
John and Knight of Acre — five different orders, yet
all wear the mantle of the secret Inquisition. They
are the secret army that defends Christendom from
dangers far worse than heresy and venal priests.
When the Cainite Heresy corrupts a diocese, it is the
shadow Inquisition that must root it out and suppress
knowledge of the truth. When the internecine
among magi of the Hermetic Houses take
and corrupt souls that, by right, belong to God
alone, the inquisitors not only must protect the
innocent, but they must do all they can to destroy

the sorcerous menace.

But, there is a price to pay for being a kind of
medieval action-hero. As part of an order, inquisi-
tors have duties and responsibilities that require
them to risk life, limb and soul to defend the Church
and its flock — and to lose everything, if necessary.
The Knight of Acre may die defending a sacred
chapel from marauding werewolves or the Sister of

ca sf

St. John may lose her mind seeking the key to the
mysteries concealed within the perilous chapel of
the Cainite Heresy. Even if the odds are overwhelm-
ing, their duty is clear: To protect and defend, no
matter the cost.

Chronicles revolving around a Defenders theme
will confront the characters with situations in which
fulfilling their duty exacts a price and involves situ-
ations of sacrificing self for the protection of others.
Like law enforcement personnel in our own time,
their methods may make them unappreciated and
even hated by those they protect. Why does this
happen? Think about the foes the Inquisition faces:
Vampires, werewolves, sorcerers, faeries and demons
—and their mortal allies. An inquisitor might easily
convince himself to use ruthless methods against
ecret trials, the sudden pounding on
the door, trusted friends and family turned into
informants, even torture and, in extreme cases, sum-
mary executions. Although the threat posed by the
Adversary might warrant all this, otherwise inno-
cent people could still come to mistrust the inquisitors

ruthless foes:

because they themselves fear being caught in the
net. Inquisitors can make mistakes, and in their zeal
todo God's work, they run the risk of hardening their
hearts to God's children.

Devils Choice

Everything we do in life involves choice. We see
a minor crime committed: Do we intervene or walk
on? The traffic light turns yellow as we near the
intersection: Do we play it safe or speed up to get
through, risking an accident? Its very prevalence
makes choice a handy tool in the Storyteller's kit.

The necessity of choice confronts inquisitors every
day and night, and their choices are more significant
because of the great power they wield. An inquisitor
can bring charges in ecclesiastical courts against any-
one, should she believe the evidence warrants it,
potentially ruining lives even if the accused is found
innocent. How will the characters use their choices?
Will they use power responsibly and with restraint, or
will they abuse it, arrogating to themselves a preroga-
tive of judgment that rightly belongs to God? What
choices do they make in their relationship to the
Church and their fellow inquisitors? Do they enthusi-
astically cooperate, swallow their discomfort and go
along, or rebel against what they see as abuse of power?
And when they meet a devoutly Christian vampire,
what choice do they make then?

The special role of the inquisitor calls to mind
a special kind of choice: The "Devil's choice,"

a el
<CHAPEERSIX: (Y Bd j i
YTELLIN Ww


where no alternative is desirable, yet one must
choose. A chronicle revolving around the Devil's
choice will often face the inquisitors with the
prospect of hurting or destroying something dear
in the pursuit of a greater good. Cleansing the
local parish of vampire- worshiping dualists might
well mean leaving innocent children as orphans,
as their parents burn at the stake. Rescuing a relic
from Tzimisce hands could mean damning a vil-
lage to destruction when the Fiends take their
revenge. Let the players make the choices, and let
their characters know the consequences

Just don't overdo it. If every choice causes the
players emotional agony, they may eventually choose
to do nothing, since that's the least painful option.
Use the Devil's choice wisely and sparingly, and it
will be much more satisfying.

Trustand Betranal

Trust is a very powerful theme, and its equally
powerful counterpoint is betrayal. Think of your
daily life and how many people you trust with mat-
ters minor and major: The Post Office to deliver your
payments on time; the doctor to make the right
diagnosis; and the priest to keep confidence of the
confessional. Now think about the trust you give in
life and turn it on its head. What happens when it's
betrayed? What do you do and how do you feel when
you discover a lover has been unfaithful or a co-
worker you thought a friend blabs about your hatred

of your boss?

Inquisitors deal with issues of trust at all levels.
Even they need someone to confide in or rely on.
They know much of the horrid truth about the
corruption eating at Europe, and it weighs on their

souls — can they trust their confessors? The charac-
ters must make reports to their superiors, but can
they be sure that the functionary in Rome to whom
the information eventually goes isn't in league with
the Adversary? Even their fellow characters can be
objects of trust and betrayal. And trust is a two-way
affair, for those around the character must worry
about him betraying their trust, too.

Chronicles centering on themes of trust and
betrayal will emphasize relationships between the
characters and their web of contacts in the world
of the chronicle, and with each other. Confront
them with situations wherein they have to endan-
ger themselves by trusting another — or have
someone place herself in jeopardy by trusting the
character. When a Storyteller character commits
an act of betrayal, make sure there is a reason for

it, so that the loss of trust is even more poignant.
Don't forget that delicious uncertainty that comes
from not knowing whether someone will betray
you or not. That tension should be a subtext

present throughout the chronicle.

Saith

The inquisitors don't live in our modern, cynical
world. Heaven and Hell, God and the Devil, demons
and angels are all living, real things for a resident of
13th century Europe. Even if someone never sees or
experiences them directly, he has faith that they do
exist. The mortals of Europe also have faith that God
will protect them against the creatures of Hell. For
inquisitors and certain holy individuals, faith can
become a force that provides tangible proof of
Heaven's power by defeating the Devil's minions.

A chronicle with a theme of faith will test that
faith at every opportunity. Inquisitors should see and
hear things that rock their beliefs to the core and
lead them to doubt. Has the local priest been com-
mitting the sin of incest with his niece? Do the
Cathars indeed seem more holy than any Catholic
clergy in the area? Have they actually worked miracles
that can be ascribed only to God's intervention?

How long can an inquisitor continue believe the
tenets of his faith when so much he sees confounds
or denies them?

Themes of faith are useful in chronicles involv-
ing any of the inquisitorial orders. A Knight of Acre
may have to face overwhelming odds alone, while a
Murnau may doubt that one such as he, bearing
tainted blood, can ever hope for salvation. A Red
Brother may find his new knowledge weakening his
faith in Truth as revealed by Scripture, while a Sister
of St. John wonders why a loving God sends her such
horrid visions. Even one of the Oculi Dei, passive
and withdrawn, can have his faith tested by the
st.

Tests of faith should be subtle, too. It is through
the accumulation of little sins that we are damned,
after all. The whispered word from a shadowy con-
tact claiming to reveal hidden truths can be as
effective as seeing a dozen bishops participating in
the Red Pentecost.

horrible things he sees, things God allows to ex

Separation

Inquisitors are a breed apart, and even more so
are the members of the shadow Inquisition. Those
they protect resent them for the questions they ask,
fear them for the powers they wield, and hate them
for their ability to condemn on secret evidence — or


va.

even none at all. Though they are part of European
society, they are separate, alienated from those with
whom they work and live. Rumored to deal with
monsters and to risk their souls with infernal knowl-
edge, they are shunned even by their families. They
are at war with the slaves of the Adversary, but they
are treated with suspicion and wariness by their own
— even the Church that they serve.

How must this feel to an inquisitor? A cardinal
can possibly go home to his family, but what
family would welcome home a Red Brother, whose
studies smack of blasphemy? Chronicles empha-

difference. Members of the Inquisition are barely
tolerated, once their roles are known, and interac-
tions with Storyteller characters outside the
organization should reflect this. How will the
inquisitor react to fear in the eyes of her own
family? With resentment? She is, after all, doing
God's work and risking her life and soul. Will she
reach out to break the bonds of fear that separate
her from others among God's children? Or will she
draw inward, accepting her different nature and
bonding more closely to her fellow inquisitors —
even thinking she is, somehow, superior to mere
mortals?

Wood

While theme provides the inner meaning to
your chronicle, mood is the personality it shows the
outside world. Like choices of clothing and jewelry
reveal something of the wearer's personality, mood
not only reveals the theme, but casts it in a certain
light. A chronicle illustrating the themes of trust and
friendship in an atmosphere of physical danger will
have a much different feel from one that cloaks them
in a mood of somber spirituality. Although themes
tend to stay constant or change only infrequently in
achronicle, mood may vary as much or as little as the
Storyteller wishes. It is a useful Storyteller tool,
helping engage the players in the scene without
telling them just how they have to play their charac-
ters. Varying the mood also helps refresh the chronicle
by giving a change of pace, letting action follow
somber investigation, for example, or using black
humor as a contrast to a seriously deadly encounter.

Try not to change the mood too often, however, lest
the players never settle into the story.

Mood is best set indirectly. Reveal it through
conversation with Storyteller characters or the
description of a scene. Don't tell the players how
their characters feel, let them instead pick it up

ng themes of separation play on this sense of

from your clues. Rather than telling them, "The
church is in rotten shape, and it depresses you,"
instead say, "Holes gape in the roof like rents in
decaying flesh, letting the rain soak and rot what
was once a house of God." They will pick up on the
mood of
some suggested moods to add to your Storyteller's
tool kit.

DighAetion

Leaping from rooftop to rooftop in the rain,
hoping the tiles underfoot don't come loose before
you can catch the fiend; swords against spear and
fang, fighting a desperate battle in the halls of the
Lateran palace to save the Pope; a bold assault
against the ca

sadness soon enough. The following are

astle of the Tremere count to try to stop
a ritual before a hideous creature is loosed on the
valleys below — such moments set a mood of high
action. Action and immediate danger make the
blood flow quicker, they bring on the
sh so many people seek in a roleplaying game. If
the players are distracted or at a loss for what to do,
an action scene, perhaps an ambush, is the quickest

adrenaline

ru

way to regain their attention and restore focus.

High action works best in moderation, as the
climax to a plot or subplot in a chronicle. Though a
chronicle of nothing but one action scene after
another may work for some Storytellers and players,
chances are that your players will burn out. Too
much high action also changes the nature of Dark
Ages: Inquisitor from a game of horror to an action-
adventure game, albeit with vampires, werewolves
and sorcerers. To get the best use out of high action,
save it for those times when it will provide a vivid
contrast to the more usual mood.

A mood of high action is most appropriate to
inquisitors of the House of Murnau and the Knights
of Acre, less so to the inquisitors of the Red Order.
Sisters of St. John and the Oculi Dei ai
least-suited to this mood,
contemplative characters might need to kick down
the door now and then.

BleakandSomber

This is the mood of Gothic horror. Age and
decay, ruin and corruption touch everything and
everyone. Most of the action takes place at night or
in the shadows or, for contrast, in the heat of a
blazing sun — whatever best conveys a feeling of
oppression and sadness. Think of the images com-
mon to the Victorian Gothic writers (or the films
based on them) and use those to set the mood: A
crumbling castle on a ridge; an ancient, ivy-draped

> perhaps
though even the most

—— a
‘ yi 2 ey ca GHARTERSIX = eS i ‘
wee ORYTELLIN f er


church; or a village of withdrawn, sullen folk, suspi-
cious of the inquisitors — and who wouldn't be?

A somber mood is fitting when you as Storyteller
want to emphasize the loneliness and, perhaps, even
the hopelessness of the Inquisition's struggle. A
Midsummer visit to the village church, meant to be
a time of rejoicing, turns into a nightmare when the
beloved old priest is revealed as a heretic — or even
a ghoul. All that we hold dear can be corrupted by
the enemy, and even the most noble can fall.

A sad, brooding tone is often the default mood
for Dark Ages: Inquisitor chronicles. It lends itself
to thoughtful chronicles where Storyteller and play-

ers can explore the implications and consequences
of the roles they choose for their characters. While

St. John, the Red Brothers, and the Oculi Dei are
especially well-suited, though the brooding Knight
of Acre and the Murnau with her family curse have
their place, too.

Dark Comedyanddrony

It may not seem so at first, but dark humor and
its relative, irony, have their roles in horror. Have

you ever seen something terrible, yet laughed in spite

all character types fit with this mood, the Sisters of

of yourself? That isn't insensitivity (we hope), but a
natural reaction to tension. Laughter is a catharsis

that serves to release tension, just like crying or
shouting. A trickster faerie, feeling offended by a
proud Knight of Acre, might pretend to be his horse.
When the Knight mounts him to chase the fleeing
Tzimisce, the faerie takes him ona wild ride, bashing
him against tree branches and leaping frightening
chasms. The disguised faerie stops suddenly at the
end, hurling the knight into an open cesspit —
within sight of the Cainite's tower, but with much
less dignity. You as Storyteller can use dark comedy
to provide aneeded tension release in your chronicles.

Irony is the sophisticated older sister of dark

comedy; it plays on the discord between the ex-

pected result of a chain of events and its actual result.
The Red Brother who finds himself accused of heresy
for the very talents and knowledge that enabled him
to defeat a cult of diabolists is an example. Irony
often, but not always, has a sense of justice done, a
kind of "serves you right" turn of events. Though it
provokes rueful chuckling, irony is an effective tool
to illustrate many themes.

Chronicles draped in this mood often use Story-
teller characters as parodies of famous contemporary

, 3 S 4 OD ote

figures, whether to mock them or to highlight a
theme. Like high action, however, this shouldn't be
overdone, lest it lose its effect. Unless you are pre-
sentinga short chronicle meant to bea black comedy
for its whole length — and the players understand
this — save it instead for moments when it can be
used to relieve stress or provide a dramatic turn of
events. Be careful, though, that it doesn't degenerate
into slapstick, something that will destroy your care-
fully crafted horror story.

YotandOChacacter Are

Iftheme is the soul that givesmeaning toachronicle
and mood is the persona it shows the world, then plot
is the skeleton that gives the whole thing structure. It
is the general course of events that will take place in the
chronicle, the actions through which Storyteller char-
acters will try to have their ambitions fulfilled and see
them challenged. It provides the Storyteller witha road
map of where she wants the chronicle to go and, if
prepared right, alternate routes that still lead to the
desired place while leaving the players in control of

their characters.

Hand in glove with plot is the concept of the
character arc. That is, how does the plot affect the
character and how does he or she change in reaction
to its events? Characters who change over the course
of a chronicle are more entertaining than those who
don't, because we watch them grow and evolve
y, often in unexpected ways. Char-
yho never change, no matter how interesting

through each stor

acters
when created, grow boring because their personali-
ties are static.

"Change" in the character arc means the
which the character's emotions and ps
changed, not their physical nature. That a Murnau
suffers from the Mark of the Beast is less important
than how he reacts to the physical alteration. Does
devotion to God's
Will, or does he rail against his fate? Does he look on
this curse as a punishment for irredeemable failings,
thus committing the sin of despair and leaving him-
self vulnerable to demonic lies?

yche have

he become more zealous in |

What a plot and character arc should not be,
however, are narrowly defined paths, restricting your
players' choices to those you've already made for
them. This is their story, too, and they are not just
actors there to serve the director's vision. Use the
events of your plot as challenges and opportunities
for your players to decide how their characters will
evolve. Designing a plot for a chronicle means hav-
inga fine sense, like Goldilocks, of what is too much,

what is too little, and what is just right. This section
covers plot and character arc and provides advice
about how to make the best use of them.

Shock Story or Vowel?

One of the first things you should decide on is
the complexity of your chronicle . Isitasimple
arc, leading to a single, well-defined conclusion?
Perhaps, instead, you have in mind a more complex
tale with many subplots and intermediate climaxes
to pass through before reaching the grand resolution.
Knowing this beforehand will give you an idea of the
work you need to prepare, as well as letting you give
your players an idea of the chronicle's duration: A
ion? A few weeks or months? Indefinitely?

single se:

The single, simple story arc is the easiest for the
beginning Storyteller. It allows her to focus on the
basic plot without worrying about side-trips or dis-
tractions. If it is the Toreador minstrel's plan to
subvert the court of Toulouse, then that is what she
concentrates on, not worrying about how the plans
of other Storyteller characters she has designed might
affect the plot. Should the players have their charac
ters run willy-nilly about looking for trouble, she can
subtly lead them back to the story with a hint from
an informant, a coincidental event, or even an

inquiry from superiors asking for progress reports.
What subplots or divergent threads exist are neatly
tied up at the end. To do otherwise turns the short
chronicle into the longer novel-type.

Short story chronicles also sport few layers be-
tween the main foe and the characters. There are
few, if any intermediate enemies, and the characters
come into conflict with the chief villain soon after
the scenario opens. They might not realize immedi-
ately she is their antagonist, but they probably meet
her near the start, which provides a satisfying closure
— presuming they defeat her.

Character ares in a short chronicle are likewise
simple. The characters fz
crisis or decision, generally at the climax of the
chronicle itself. Their choices here lay the founda-
tion for their future development and provide the
Storyteller with material to enrich later chronicles.
How do they react to the Cathar perfecti whom they
were sent to destroy, but who showed more Christian
virtue than many of the Church's higher clergy? If
their perceptions of their Church change, then fu-
ture chronicles should play to this and allow the
players to explore it further.

ce one or two moments of

More complex chronicles often resemble a novel.
While the chronicle is developed with an overall

eee ai ae
" ef CHAPTERSIX Ee ; i
=a es ‘TELLIN f V


!

goal in mind, many intervening goals, and even
some unrelated digressions, must be met along the
way. The players may not even know what the
ultimate goal is until they are well along the plot. For
example, if the ultimate goal of chronicle is the
salvation of Rome and purging the Papacy of influ-
ence from the Crimson Curia, along the way the
characters may have to uncover Cainite Heretics
among the Cathars in Provence, break into the
Abbey of St. Panteleimon to discover links to the
Lateran, be distracted by an unrelated encounter
with werewolves in Sardinia, and only at the end
confront the ghoul who is the Pope's secretary and
would himself be Pope. Character ares in this case

will have many events that could be turning points
for the characters. They may be a series of smaller
ones, the cumulative effect of which isa large change
in the character. By the end of the chronicle, the
character's goals and feeling could well be dramati-
cally and diametrically opposed to what they were at
the beginning.

While the chronicle-as-novel may have many
layers of goals and intermediate foes, it does not
necessarily have a definite end. It can, and such an
ending would again tie up loose ends and answer
questions. But it doesn't always have to do so. De-
feating one major foe could lead to the discovery of
another, greater foe behind him. Who was giving the
ghoul in the Lateran his orders? Or unanswered
questions could lead to wholly new chronicles, new
paths branching from the end of the old. For ex-
ample, once the ghoul cardinal is defeated, among
his papers turn up references to the location of the
Holy Grail itself, rumored to be hidden ina castle in
the Scottish Highlands.

Once again, the game's afoot.

s

Sive Questions

Once you have decided whether the plot will be
a short story or an involved novel, you still need to
put it all together. The best way to do this is ask
yourself the five classic questions of journalism:
Who, what, when, where, and why. Answer these
(in any order that pleases you) and you will quickly
find yourself with a ready-to-run chronicle.

© Who? This is the major
chronicle, along with his retainers. To find him,
browse books, films or even your daily life until you
find someone around whom you would like to build
a story. Use the key elements of his personality to
build your villain and make him stand out. Is he
greedy? Vain? Violent? A suave operator? Youneedn't

antagonist of your

ie

builda full dossier. Rather, pick just the few elements
you need to explain his motive and make him stand
out.

Try to avoid falling into the "vampire count of
the week" trap, facing the characters with one vil-
lainous monster after another — after a while, your
chronicle will become stale. Depending on the scope
of your chronicle (or if this is
larger story), "who" in this case could just as easily be
a powerful mortal, or even the village shepherd.

¢ What? This is what Hitchcock called the "the
MacGuffin," a device used to provide a reason for
things to happen, to create motivation. What it is
specifically is almost immaterial, as long as it inspires
the villain to set his plot in motion. It can be the
Holy Grail, the love of an innocent, vengeance, or a
book that unlocks the truth behind the Cainite
Heresy. Whatever it is, it is less important than the
conflict it creates between characters.

We said, however, "almost immaterial." Though
the "what" of your chronicle can be nearly anything
fitting to Dark Medieval Europe, you will have better
luck motivating your players if the MacGuffin has
some meaning for their characters or personal con-
nection to them. A Knight of Acre will be much
more motivated if the "what" of the story is
Constantine's sword, rather than just another bunch
of Bogomils. Whatever you choose, though, make
sure it is something your villain and the characters
would logically want. Doing otherwise will hurt the

a smaller chapter of a

suspension of disbelief vital to a successful chronicle
(yet another reason why it is so important to know
your players and their characters).

¢ Why? The answer to this question explains
the reasons for what is happening and the reasons for
everyone's involvement, inquisitors and Storyteller
characters alike. It isn't as hard to answer as one
might think, once the first two questions have been
ed. Why has madness and heresy erupted like
a plague in a Breton village? Because demons are

answ

invading the dreams of the locals, driving them to
sin. The recent death of the old priest was nota heart
attack, but murder. The younger priest who poi-
soned him and took his place has profaned the altar
with his presence, giving Hell's minions their open-
ing. Why are the characters there to put things right?
The souls of the parishioners are at stake, and they
must determine the cause: Simple heresy or some-
thing far worse?

Take your time to think about "why," for the
answer will be at the core of your story. A good
answer will give you a good chronicle, one that sees


y x J aoe .
the players eagerly leaping in. A weak reason, on the

other hand, whether it's simply "orders from above"
or a vampire being "nasty for nasty's sake," might

Qa

well lead your characters to abandon the mission as
"not worth the risk." Or worse yet, they'll follow your
plot but the players simply won't care. Few things are

as painful for a Storyteller as apathetic players.

Where and when are questions you answered
when deciding on the chronicle's scope. Decide on
a local chronicle or one with a grand sweep, and
whether it covers a short period of time or much
. Although the answers you give to the three
questions above may be the same in each case,
different answers to "where" and "when" will sub-
stantially the feel of your story.

Structures

You have some last decisions to make when
designing your chronicle. How tightly structured
will it be? Will it follow a fairly defined path to its
goal, or will the characters have a choice of routes to

longe

get there? In the next few paragraphs, we discuss two
main types, a hybrid and the design considerations
important to each.

Che Directed Opronicle

We cautioned you earlier to leave your players
"room to roam," to avoid constricting their options
too tightly, lest they feel like puppets. There is,
however, a way to provide a more tightly plotted
chronicle that still makes the players feel that their
characters have some influence on the world. This
involves using a chain of preordained events, things

that will happen regardless of the characters' ac-
tions. Used correctly, it has the advantage of giving
the players the impression that the world of the
chronicle moves of its own accord. This reinforces
the idea that Storyteller characters have motives
and desires of their own and don't just sit around,
waiting for the inquisitors to act, thus enhancing the
feeling of danger by allowing the Storyteller to
quicken the pace as needed. Used in this manner,
the directed chronicle enhances the story's depth
and believability. The players retain their sense of
influence by using the information learned in each
scene to put together what needs to be done to defeat
the antagonist at the end.

The danger in this is doing it badly. Remember,
art of the joy of a storytelling game is the thrill of
feeling significant and central to the story. Plot the
events too tightly, and the players will instead be left
with the feeling that their characters' actions don't

completely discard your plans if the players begin
taking an enthus

development.

Wann Koads, One Rome

Another technique is the "many roads" approach,

astic, active role in the chronicle's

in which each scene contains information or clues
that point to the next scene. This design is more
suited to investigative or thoughtful chronicles in
which the c cters spend time examining, re-
searching, and talking more than fighting — though
nothing prevents finding a clue among the ashes of
a burned heretic.

The "many roads" structure has advantages for
both the players and the Storyteller. The Storyteller
can use its flexibility to leave several ways for the
same clue to reach the characters. If they miss it at
one point, the can gain the same information through
a similar or even the same clue planted elsewhere.
Picture it as a spider's web with all the crisscrossing
threads leading to the beast at the center. For ex-
ample, if, in the chronicle, the characters need to be
pointed toward a sorcerous cult as the source of a
ral
ask a contact all the wrong

series of murders in Paris, the Storyteller has sev
options. Perhaps they
questions, or even manage to get him killed some-
how before he can pass along the clue (players can be
very creative that way). The Storyteller can still pass
along the information via other means: another
contact, subtle clues left in artwork at the city's
university or even visions sent to a Sister of St. John.
Done with a deft touch, the players will never know
you are guiding them toward a desired end.

For the players, this technique preserves their
sense of freedom and importance to the story. Allow-
ing them to choose their path lets them set the pace
and test their abilities. There is a downside, how-
ever. If the Storyteller is truly laissez-faire or the
clues too obtuse, the players may dawdle and become
lost following a dead-end. Eventually they will lose
interest, frustrated at not making any progress. An-
other problem comes from making the clues or links

too easy: If every dying utterance is a neon sign
flashing "go here," the benefits of the "many roads"
method is lost. The players will feel themselves lead
down a garden path, with no real choices. Instead,
give them a pu:
and speculate about. Their choices will give you

le or two, a conundrum to chew on

places to plant complementary clues that help them
put the pieces together. In other words, keep it
simple but not too simple.

~

t.

Galt

CombinedWMethods

The best approach is to combine the good ele-
ate. Limit
nts to crucial, dramatic moments,

CBR
Aes:

ments of both, using each when approp'

pre-planned e
and use the "Many Roads" technique to give the
players several ways to reach these events. This still
presents a world in which events can take place
outside the players' control, sustaining its sense of
believability. At the same time, the players still have
their sense of control and freedom — even if the
Storyteller has the end all planned out.

Telling aTale

At long last, you've finished the design of your
chronicle. Having chosen your theme and mood,

decided on your scope and structure, and talked to
your players beforehand, you're ready to go. The
antagonists have their motives, the characters their
reasons for being there, and the MacGuffin is set in
place.

At the end, you're still in the middle. There is
still the telling of the tale yet to do. This section
discusses some facets of the actual running of Dark
Ages: Inquisitor, and provides advice on making
your sessions a success.

Meeludes

Inquisitors do not appear from nowhere, wholly
formed and ready to combat demons. People, even
inquisitors, are the products of their pasts — their
experiences shape the beliefs, hopes, and personali-
at the time of the chronicle. To
better understand a character, where he's come from

ties that they possess

and where he may be going, the first game session for
each player should be what is called a "prelude."

A prelude is a more entertaining way to create a
character's past. While it is sufficient to state "Bruno
of Hamburg is a Red Brother. His early life left him
sickly, and he pursues forbidden knowledge to
well as battle the minions of
Hell. His personal sin is pride," it is much more
satisfying to briefly roleplay Bruno's early life. The
end result will be acharacter much more fully fleshed-
out, and might even lead to changes in the original
concept.

strengthen himself as

The question-and-answer session is one good
way to play the prelude. Once the Storyteller has
looked over the character sheet and familiarized
herself with the character's concept, she asks ques-
tions to pose the player with choices. The answers
explain how the character came to be who and
where she is "today." The pace can be slow and

Hysals vo Me

interactive, allowing for discussion and exploration
of elements that interest either the player or the
Storyteller. On the other hand, it can be handled
like an interrogation, done at a rapid-fire pace that
allows the player little time to think. This plays to
the idea that the first reaction is often the most
honest and can perhaps lead to unexpected results.
Whatever method you choose, use it for all the
players, to guarantee fairness. Encourage players to
write down any salient details about their characters,
especially if using the "hot seat" method of preludes
— losing a good plot hook because both the player
and the Storyteller forgot an anecdote related during
the prelude is frustrating.

Attimes in the prelude, you may want to stop to
roleplay a scene in some detail. Perhaps it represents
s life: The loss of
her mother, for example, or the first horrific contact
with the supernatural. If the player has stated that
her character was framed by a scheming younger
brother, who then managed to have him disinher-
ited, you might want to roleplay the scene where
father and sons confront one another. The end is
foreordained: The character is disowned and sent to
the Church, where he is later inducted into the

a traumatic time in the inquisito

Inquisition. But the emotions generated when
roleplaying this scene will make the character much
more vivid as they live in memory.

One of the key points in a prelude, and one that
should certainly be roleplayed, is how the character
came to join the shadow Inquisition. It is one of the
most crucial points in a character's life. Was the
character already an inquisitor, perhaps a Domini-
can working against the Cathars in the south of
France? How was he recruited? Did he survive some
encounter with the forces of Hell and come to the
notice of one of the orders? Has the character even

seena demonic creature yet?

While most preludes are played one-on-one be-
en the Storyteller and the player, there is no
reason not to involve the other players in the
roleplayed scenes, at least. As storytelling i
exercise, having the other players participate brings
additional perspectives and gives them something to
do while waiting for their own prelude. As long as
the players themselves are mature and can handle
having extensive out-of-character knowledge about
other characters (and knowing others have the same
knowledge about their own), group participation in
aprelude can be as memorable as the chronicle itself.

shared

oe cet ae a a
ce Y | ADREMSLIELTO?R. \ I
' +————4 DARKAGESHIN@UISITOR et, '

UD ae ek th Th

Oramatic Facing

During the session itself, the Storyteller needs to
concern herself with pacing — how fast thing
moving. If the game moves too slowly, the players
attention will wander as they lose interest. If it
moves too fast, and they will either lose track of the
plot or think they are being railroaded. With prac-
tice, you can develop the sensitivity needed to keep
your session paced right.

gs are

Keep in mind that all things in a chronicle or
scene — encounters, events, or even acts of God —
should serve to move the story forward to its climax.
Anything that doesn't is a distraction that detracts
from the sense of horror you are trying to build and
weakens the players
the most hands-off Storyteller in the world, use the
tone of your voice, your descriptions, and your
roleplaying to build the tension, using it as a force to

s' involvement. Even if you are

urge the players to the climax.

But a pace that builds steadily and unrelentingly
toward the grand finale can't sustain itself, except in
the shortest of chronicles. Players need to relax a bit,
to catch their breath. The best way to use tension
pattern
from popular literature and movies: Tension, crisis,

and pacing in your chronicle is to borrow <

relaxation. The Eye of God has been keeping watch
over activities at a particular warehouse in Munich,
owned by agents of the Ventrue prince. Noticing a
door ajar, he investigates to find the ghoul overseer
murdered, his blood still fresh and steaming on the
flagstones. Perhaps the killer is still nearby. As the
character investigates, he hears footsteps nearby.
The tension builds as each stalks the other, until the
murderer leaps from a loft, claws and fangs bared —
the crisis. Either way the battle ends, with death or
flight, the tension is released and the player can

relax... for a moment.

This kind of dramatic pacing is like white-water
rafting: Traveling down a river, excitement builds as
you head for the rapids, reaching a crescendo just
before entering them. A few moments of adrenaline
rush and even terror follow, and then peace again as
you reach calm waters. This pattern can serve to pace
a single scene, as in the example above, or an entire

chronicle. A repeating cycle of tension-crisis-relax-
ation, each peak a bit higher than the |.
period of relaxation a bit shorter, can give a rhythm
that helps you build the excitement you want to see

and each

at the finale.


Gi
REUSE

D Cinnckemcrcenentanstntetioe

From a player's perspective, the development of
his character is one of the most interesting facets of
participating in a chronicle. To take this imaginary
persona from prelude to its (one hopes) glorious end
is something like watching one's child develop.
Pride, excitement, love, fear, disappointment and
even anger come into play.

Chapter Four showed you the mechanics of
character advancement. Your job as Storyteller is to
take those mechanics and weave them into the story.
Youshould doso ina way that emphasizes the central
focus of the chronicle: the characters and their role
in the Dark Medieval world. Done well, the mechan-
ics will recede into the background and the process
of character development will contribute to the
depth of the chronicle itself. This section gives you

advice on how to do this.

One handy tool in the Storyteller's kit is the
concept of downtime. Downtime comprises those mo-
ments between episodes of a chronicle when the
characters aren't actively doing something related to
the main story. It includes those activities that a char-
acter would perform when not "on the case." A Murnau
might tend to family matters, a Knight of Acre could
enter a period of reflection and retreat and an Eye of
God may want to pursue lines of research that have yet
to bear fruit. Downtime activities help preserve the
illusion that the characters live in a world that moves
around them and exists outside the events of the
chronicle. Remember, too, that be
may develop Endowments safely only during down-
time, it becomes important to allow the characters

ause a character

some breathing time between stories.

Asa Storyteller tool, downtime is an opportunity
to explore the characters' advancement and to make it
something more than adding another dot or writing
down a new Blessing. The Storyteller can take advan-
tage of downtime by running a form of prelude — call
it an interlude — in which she and the player roleplay
the character's progress. In chronicles in which the
Storyteller decides what Blessing or Curse the character
receives, the interlude allows the player to discover how
his character has changed and to react to it in a more
genuine manner.

For example, Sister Agnetha of the Sisters of St.
John, has retired to a convent near York for a brief
period to reflect on her recent experiences and pray
for God's mercy. Her player tells the Storyteller that
she has decided to seek a new Blessing, rather than
increase a Superior Virtue. She spends the requisite
Conviction and the Storyteller tells her to come into

i a ll

another room, where they will play out Sister
Agnetha's discovery of her new Blessing. She tells
the player that Agnetha is walking a road to the
convent late one evening, on her way back from duty
at a refuge for lepers. On a particularly isolated
stretch, a werewolf on the hunt confronts her.
Whether Agnetha stays or flees, the Storyteller has
already decided the beast will catch her and try to kill
her. While running the conflict, the first time it
wounds the nun, the werewolf howls in agony at the
touch of her blood and flees in fear. The Storyteller
then tells the player that Sister Agnetha now has the
Sanguine Hymn Orison and as
acter reacts to the realization. The experience of the
interlude has left Sister Agnethaa much more fleshed-
out character than she would be otherwise.

s her how her char-

The Storyteller can use the interlude technique
to examine all the changes that occur to a character:
Anaward of Conviction might mean a character has
become Callous and vulnerable to his Impulse. The
Storyteller can use the interlude to give the player a
first taste of the character's new feelings before the

xt major events of the chronicle. She can do the
same with new Curses, strengthened Virtues, and
growing (or waning) Piety. The Storyteller c:
the interlude on a separate night in a one-on-one

ne
an run.

session with the player, or she might even take
advantage of the Internet to conduct it via email or
chat, to avoid taking away from the time when the
troupe is gathered asa whole. However it is done, the
downtime interlude is a handy device for making a
purely mechanical process a vivid part of the story.

SuggestedOxonicles

To help you get started as a Dark Ages: Inquisi-
tor Storyteller, we have provided a few chronicle
‘eative juices flowing. Each also
discusses theme and mood, the types of characters
most suited to it and how to get the characters
involved. These are by no means the only kinds of
stories to be told about the secret Inquisition and its
Should you wish to
run these chronicles, you can easily flesh them out

outlines to get your

people, but serve as examples.

with details appropriate to your own vision.

a
AYeeater Love

Overview: This chronicle takes place in the
village of Santa Amanda and The
village is nestled in an Alpine valley high in the
mountains between Italy and Dalmatia, near a route
used by invaders in ancient times. A Serbian Tzimisce,

its environs.

KAGESHNO@UISIT!


the Voivode Radovan Istvic, wants to seize the
village and its church to have his revenge on a lover
who betrayed him centuries before. He is stymied by
the faith of the local priest, and feels that the priest
keeps him from his goal and must therefore be
removed. This chronicle takes place in the weeks
leading up to Christmas.

Themes: Love turned to hatred. Love dedicated
to a higher purpose. The self-destructiveness inher-
ent in a desire for revenge. Faith versus orthodoxy.
Self-sacrifice.

Moods: Foreboding, a building sense of menace
and isolation as the village is cut off by snowstorms.
This can be highlighted by its contrast to the festive
preparations of the villagers for Christmas.

Background: Late in the fourth century, while
Theodosius reigned in Rome and Bishop St. Ambrose
preached in Milan, a German Arian Ventrue named
Ulfila met and fell in love with a Carpocratian
Like almost all
human emotions played at by Cainites, it was a

Tzimisce warlord, Radovan Istvic.

twisted mockery of real love. Yet it lasted for many
years as Ulfila helped her lover build his domain in
the hinterlands of what was then Pannonia.
Radovan's schemes eventually came into con-
flict with Ventrue lords among the Goths, one of

whom was Ulfila's sire. Supremely arrogant, the

zimisce lead his retainers and szlachta war ghouls
into battle, only to be betrayed at its height by Ulfila
herself. She had made a bargain with her sire, want-
ing toruleas voivode herself, rather than as Radovan's
consort. Radovan was staked and left for the sun.
Unbeknownst to his betrayer, a loyal ghoul found his
master Radovan and dragged him to the safety of a
cave. But the damage and shock to Radovan was
great, and he fell into a centuries-long torpor.
Ulfila herself was not to enjoy her new domains
for long, as she herself was betrayed — by her own
sire, no less. Placed under a blood hunt and forced to
flee, Ulfila led a wretched existence until she found
herself near Ravenna where she heard a Christian
holy man preaching to a crowd of unconverted
pagans. His words moved her like none had ever
done before in life or unlife, and, the next night, she
revealed herself to him and begged his forgiveness.
Far from recoiling in fear, the holy man blessed her
and renamed her Amanda, ‘ " Though
she remained Arian, his blessing filled her with the
al of the Holy Spirit and he sent her on her way,

‘the loved one.

charged to preach the Word of God and do good
works until the Lord saw fit to release her.

eresy plays important parts in the back
Y ground of this story, as two of the key
actors in the drama are adherents of ancient
heresies. Presented here are brief explanations
of each; Storytellers wanting more information
are referred to Cainite Here:
¢ Arianis veloped by Deacon Arius
in Egypt in the early fourth century AD,
Arianism taught that God was perf sternal
and unchangeable. For Jesus to have been his
son, he would have to have been himself un-
changeable yet the Bible relates that He
grew and changed. Therefore, He could not
have been God Incarnate,
inferior being or lesser god. While suppr
the Christian Church within the Roman Em-
pire, Arianism appealed to German invaders,
because it had the feel of polytheism and was
thus more palatable to former pagans being
asked to embrace the new faith. By the time of
"A Greater Love," Arianism has died out.

but some sort of
ed by

© Carpocratianism and the Cainite Her-

riginating in the second century AD, this
dualist heresy taught that the material wor
was evil and the God of the Old Testament was
an evil being named "Ialdabaoth," an enemy to
the true God, the god of the spiritual world.
Carpocrates' particular contribution was the
idea that only by breaking all the Old
Testament's laws and showing superiority over
the physical world could man e:
rial prison and be reunited with the purity of
God. Murder, cannibalism, demon summoning
and other sins were part of their rituals. Their
depravity appealed to the Tzimisce, some of
whom appeared to Carpocrates and his follow-
ers as "angels of God," there to lead them on the
path to enlightenment. From here it was but a
small step for some of these vampires to becom
themselves objects of worship for mortal her-
etics, who were convinced the Cainites were
spiritual beings bringing salvation — the heart
of the Cainite Heres

pe the mate-

Ulfila, now Amanda, thus wandered Italy and
the Provence to preach the Word as a penitent.
Eventually, she came to a village in the mountains
beyond Venice that was threatened by demons. She
saved the villagers and settled among them as a holy
nun, dwelling ina grotto in the nearby hills. Subsist-

bea.

@S
La


ra é@
?

ite
[fre

Qe Mites

ing on the blood of animals, she became known for
performing miracles. As the years passed, she grew
tired and entered torpor, where she has remained to
the present day. In time, the villagers built a church
to honor her and, when she was canonized in the
ninth century, changed the name of the village and
moved her remains to the church crypts. In the time
since, the village has often prospered because of
pilgrim's donations and what they believe is the
intercession of their saint with God. (In reality, she
reaches out from torpor to exert a peaceful, protec-
tive influence over the valley. Occasionally it has
been effective in diverting threats, which helps fuel
the saint's legend.)

Radovan arose from his own torpor shortly after
the fall of Constantinople, his one thought to exact
revenge on the one who betrayed him. But the world
had changed much in over 800 years and it took time
to reorient himself. He could not build a new power
base in what was now called Serbia, for he had
enemies there who would not hesitate to destroy him
(properly this time). Drawing on his experiences
with the Carpocratians centuries before, Radovan
presented himself as an angel of God to gullible
peasants and made ghouls of a few. With this small
band of fanatically loyal retainers, he searched for
Ulfila and finally traced her to the village of Santa
Amanda. While he had heard the stories of her
conversion, he disbelieved them, his cynical nature
unable to accept the idea of redemption. She must
have done as he had, duping the villagers of long ago
into believing her a god.

His goal is to seize her remains, bring her out of
torpor, then perform the Amaranth on her as the
ultimate revenge. He is frustrated, however, by the
aura of faith in the village and, especially, at the
church under which she is buried. It weakens him
and keeps him from entering the church itself. He
assumes it is due to the priest, Padre Ottavio, a pious
young man. His plan is thus to weaken Ottavio's
faith through temptation and doubt and, when this
faith is broken, slaughter the villagers and take his
revenge. If unimpeded, he will succeed and bring his
plans to fruition on the altar of the church itself at
midnight, as Christmas Eve becomes Christmas day.

Storyteller Characters: Ulfila/St. Amanda, a
6th generation Ventrue. Radovan Istvic, a 6th gen-
eration Tzimisce. Padre Ottavio, priest of St.
Amanda's church anda mortal with one dot of Faith.
A sensitive man, he has come under the influence of
St. Amanda's spirit and is unconsciously adopting
her Arianism. Iliana, a wanton village girl seduced

0

SAS


track Gass

by Radovan and charged with corrupting Padre
Ottavio — and the inquisitors, once they arrive.
Arnulfo, the largest landowner in the village, whom

ot aa ? fs

Radovan has converted to his worship and set to
preaching of a "new cult" that will supplant the
corrupt Church. Various villagers of Santa Amanda
and followers of Radovan to be spear-carriers, vic-
tims and frightened mobs.

Involving the Characters: As inquisitors, the
characters are charged with the investigation of
heresy and protection of doctrine, although the
shadow Inquisition usually leaves mundane heresy
to the Holy Office. Though their superiors could
simply tell them of a report of "demons" in the area
of Santa Amanda, that would be obvious and boring.
More interesting would be to make this seem a more
mundane investigation, unrelated to the supernatu-
ral (which should tip the characters off that something
is wrong): The inquisitors' contacts in the Holy
Office have received reports that the vicar of Santa
Amanda has been preaching in sermons that the
Savior is inferior to God for having been created,
rather than being one and the same. This sounds
suspiciously like the long-condemned Arian heresy.
Sent to investigate and, if necessary, take corrective
measures, they instead find horrible goings-on that
point to the far worse threat posed by Radovan. They
can also have a more personal connection, perhaps
having come from the valley or having kinsmen
there.

Characters of all orders have their use in this
chronicle. Knights of Acre and Red Brothers will
provide needed muscle and arcane knowledge, should
Radovanstrike violently, either through his minions
or in person. A Murnau will be crucial to uncovering
the rot of corruption in town, though he may find
himself the object of a small following. Sisters of St.
John can receive visions of the true nature of the
problem, perhaps even from St. Amanda, herself,
while Ey
with the T;

Storytelling: This chronicle can be told either
asa directed tale with predetermined events or in the
"Many Paths" style, allowing the inquisitors to in-
vestigate and find their own way. A combination
works best, with the inquisitors uncovering the

of God may uncover Arnulfo's dealings

village's growing corruption while investigating Pa-
dre Ottavio. Hints in old church records and ancient
fresco work point to St. Amanda's true nature and
her opposition to Cainite Heretics, perhaps even
leading the players to believe that reviving her might
be the only way to defeat Radovan.

"CHABTERSIX -
. IRYTELLIN

Use predestined events to quicken the pace and
heighten the tension whenever the players seem like
they are losing the thread of the plot. Possibilities
include a snowstorm that seals off the valley from the
outside world (and outside help); an attempted se-
duction by Iliana that, if it fa
charge of rape against one or more of the characters;
the drugging and taking of Padre Ottavio by Arnulfo
to.aceremony of black worship, where his faith will
be assaulted; and an angry, frightened mob that the
characters will have to handle sensitively, if they do
not wish to turn the town against the Church.

s, leads to a public

Resolutions: Myriad endings are possible here.
Ideally, the inquisitor:
Radovan's plans. Perhaps the most dramatic ending
would involve a last stand at the church on Christ-
mas Eve, with the inquisitors and those few villagers
who remained faithful holding out against the final
assault of Radovan, his ghouls and the corrupted
townsfolk. A desperate gamble illustrating the theme
of higher love and self-sacrifice would see an inquisi-
tor using his blood to revive St. Amanda (assuming
they realize the truth about her), possibly at the cost
of his own life. Strong in her faith, the revived
Cainite saint would have little problem disposing of
her former lover. As with all endings that are just
beginnings in disguise, the players would then be left
to deal with the implications for their characters of
knowing a vampire could also be favored of God.

Suter the Childve

Overview: More than 20 years after the disas-
trous "Children's Crusade," mendicant wanderers
are proclaiming another "crusade of the Innocents to
free Jerusalem from the heathen." Bearing forged but
genuine-looking letters of authorization and remis-
sion of sin, these recruiters are traveling the back
roads of Provence and Savoy seeking parents eager to
see their children into Heaven (where they will no
longer have to be fed). Investigating the lette!
the fate of the children already gone, the inquisitors
discover a cult of infernalists that has corrupted the
Church in Genoa. They may also find themselves
unwitting allies of the Lasombra whose influence
over the port city is threatened.

Themes: The corruption of innocence. Vanity
and greed.

Moods: Anxiety. Fear for othe:
save the innocent from a terrible fate.

Background: In 1212 a pair of young men gath-
ered thousands of children to lead them ona Crusade
to liberate the Holy Land. The Crusade attracted

ave the village and defeat

and

Pressure to

err
Sse | i
===


oa '

CBs

thousands of naive faithful from across France and
Italy. This Children's Crusade eventually reached
the port of Brindisi, where merchants sold a number
of the children as slaves to the Muslims, while many
more died of hunger and exhaustion. Similar sales
took place in Marseilles and Genoa, and rumors
within the Inquisition tell that vampires were be-
hind them. (They have it partially right. While
Ravnos were behind many of those sold as slaves,
others were taken by Setites and Baali for horrid
rituals known only to them.)

Now, a coven of diabolists led by a Sicilian
named Rinaldi wishes to conduct a great demon
summoning. The ritual requires a large number of
children, some of whom are to have their blood
spilled in sacrifice, while the unlucky ones are to
find themselves offered to the demon upon his
arrival. Rinaldi hopes that the demon will be so
-d by the sacrifice that he will grant the
magic power sufficient to control Genoa's

ple

sorcer
leaders and rule from the shadows. To gather the
number of children he needs would be too danger-
ous if he were to buy them on the black market or
simply kidnap them — the Genoese authorities
would surely crush him like a beetle beneath a

cartwheel. Another threat to his schemes comes
from the powerful d'Agostino family of merchants,
which, Rinaldi has discovered, has several
Lasombra vampires and ghouls among its kin.
Even if he evaded the attentions of the Genoese
government, discovery by the d'Agostinos would
be a disaster.

Needing a cover to hide his operations till his
moment came, he hit on the idea of another
Children's Crusade. It was easy to win the loyalty of
the Archbishop's secretary, a man lusting for power

and resentful of being passed over for promotion. It
was even easier for him, on Rinaldi's orders, to play
on the growing senility of the Archbishop himself to
convince him there was a papal order for a new
Crusade. Rinaldi's plan is to flood Genoa with home-
less children. He counts on the greed of the
d'Agostinos and their merchant allies to provide
them with ships for the Crusade — ships that will
instead bear their cargo to Tunis and Alexandria to
be sold. From among this mass of runaways, he will
skim off the most promising to use as ifices. By
limiting the Archbishop's messengers to the

backcountry of Genoa and nearby Provence, he
hopes to prevent an investigation from Rome before
he has what he needs. To divert attention from
himself, he will plant evidence to implicate the

cae a Al
Bs =f DARKAGE:

ARKAGES#AIN@UISITOR - yy

Vad

HE
d'Agostinos in the hope that a conflict with the
Church will weaken them.

Storyteller Characters: Rinaldi, an accom-
plished Infernalist. He has a demonic familiar of
minor power as his bodyguard and a magic wand that
allows him to wrack a victim with excruciating pain.
Two or three other diabolists, his assistants and
magicians of minor power. (see Dark Ages: Vam-
pire, p. 296) Tibalt d'Alessi, secretary to the
Archbishop. He has signed an oath in blood to
Rinaldi's demonic masters and sold his soul to Hell
because the Sicilian has promised him he would
succeed as Archbishop. He has magical power equal
to one of Rinaldi's assistants. Archbishop Augusto
Moro, a corrupt man slipping into senility. Rinaldi
has provided Tibalt the means to gratify the
Archbishop's every petty lust, thus ensuring the old
fool's cooperation. Roberto d'Agostino, a 7th gen-
eration Lasombra, Prince of Genoa, and titular head
of the d'Agostino family operations in Genoa during
the time that the matriarch, Maria, is in Acre.
Naive, inexperienced and tempted by the money to
be made selling the children, he does not see the trap
he is leading the family into. Various illiterate men-
dicants bearing fake letters. Innocent children with
the blind faith that Providence will protect them.

Involving the Characters: Characters can enter
the chronicle in any number of ways. The Prince of
Marseilles, Saint Regis (see Dark Ages Europe), was
tricked by Ravnos Cainites, fell into temptation and
sinned greatly during the Children's Crusade, mur-
dering many children and making ghouls of others.
Now, hearing rumors of another Crusade and chil-
dren who have abandoned their villages to go to
Genoa, he fears the same Sybarites who tricked him
before are behind this, too. Though he cannot deal
with inquisitors directly, he walks the Road of Heaven
and cannot ignore it, either. He uses his contacts
among the Monks of the Abbey of St. Victor to plant
rumors of diabolism in Genoa, hoping to draw the
inquisitors that way.

Another possibility has the inquisitors them-
selves in the area, returning from farther away after
investigating unrelated events. A wandering holy
man comes to the town they are in and begins to
preach the new crusade. When the inquisitors de-
mand to see proof, they are shown the documents,
which they can with effort establish as fakes. But the
recruitment has already been under way for some
time, and children have left for Genoa. Aware of
what happened before, they rush to the port to save
whom they can.

= = wa

.

VAN
i] rae C

Ge?

This is a chronicle best suited to orders with a
bent towards action and direct investigation: Knights
of Acre, Murnau, and Oculi Dei. Theodosians will
be indispensable to deal with Rinaldi's sorceries.
Sisters of St. John might be of little use early on but
could well be essential in the hunt for the coven.

Storytelling: "Suffer the Children" is a "web of
clues" chronicle as the characters spend their time
sorting through the complexities of Genoese politics
— mortal and Cainite — to find out who authorized
the fake calls for crusade and what happened to the
missing children. There will be plenty of opportuni-
ties for political roleplaying encounters if, as they
should, the inquisitors question the Archbishop.
Exposing Tibalt might even mean a battle in the
Archbishop's palace with the troops of His Excel-
lency. From Tibalt, whether through roleplay, torture
or combat, one thread will lead to the d'Agostinos,
a thread planted by Rinaldi to distract inquisitors.
Through their legitimate fronts (they aren't stupid
enough to let inquisitors near their ghouls or
Cainites), they will show they are legitimate busi-
men. The "crusaders" have their ships — p:
for by the Archbishop and donations from the pious
— and are sent on their way in good order. What
happens after they sail is none of the concern of
House d'Agostino. Investigations on the streets and
along the docks bring much the same information.
In addition, inquiries among the child-crusaders
themselves reveals that some have gone missing
after reaching Genoa.

nes

Though Storyteller-devised events are fewer here
than in "A Greater Love," they have their place as the
chronicle draws near its climax. Genoese politics are
volatile and Rinaldi will use this to his advantage to
frustrate the Inquisitors. Perhaps, after an initial meet-
ing with the Archbishop, Tibalt arranges for an
"anti-clerical" riot that just happens to catch the in-
quisitors, leaving them in hiding orsimply injured. One
certain event comes after (and if) Tibalt is exposed and
the players learn of the missing children. To mislead the
inquisitors, Rinaldi and his ¢
dren toad' Agostino warehouse, where they tortureand
kill them, hanging them like meat in a butcher's stall.
His plan is to focus blame on the d'Agostinos, perhaps
even exposing them as Cainites and leading to full-
scale inquisition in Genoa, after which, he will pick up
the pieces.

sistants take several chil-

Resolutions: The inquisitors can do little to
save those already sent to sea or sacrificed by the
infernalists in preparation for the great ritual. The
former are on their way to slavery or worse, the latter

Rvier lines a Mh

are dead. The most they can hope to do is put a stop
to this latest "crusade" and save those not yet lost. It
is possible they will locate Rinaldi's laboratory, in
which case his demonic servant and mortal assis-
tants will fight to give him time to escape
perhaps come back to torment the characters again.
The inquisitors' efforts will also bring them to the
attention of the Magisters who rule House d'Agostino.
While no alliance between inquisitors and vampires
is likely, the manipulative Lasombra may well watch
the characters from the shadows to use them as
puppets in the future. Should the characters fail
utterly to stop the diabolists' plan, perhaps even abet
it by wounding the Lasombra, Rinaldi will merely
watch and wait, until the moment is right for his dark
ritual and he summons Hell to Genoa.

The LongandLonely Koad

Overview: After a powerful sorcerer destroys
the Council of Faith in Bremen, the characters' cell
is ordered to transport the foul Satanist to Brunswick
for trial (and probable execution). The trip puts the
characters in the wilderness, miles from help, with
no one around for company except each other... and
the thing they must transport. Along the way, the
sorcerer tempts them with offers of power, attacks
them with spells and summons help from the wolf-
men of the German forests.

Themes: Temptation. Danger. Courage. Lone-
liness.

Ad

and

Mood: Forlorn, depressing travel. Dirt roads at
night. Ravens, wolves and other animals associated
with death and the wilderness.

Background: A man arrived on a boat from
Trondheim recently, carrying only a dagger and a
wooden staff carved with odd runes. He stepped off
the boat into Bremen and immediately ran afoul of
the town's guards, one of whom recognized him as an
outlaw. The guards attempted to subdue him. Rather
than submit quietly, the mage slew them using hell-
borne sorcery. It took the intervention of the local
chapter of the Inquisition
most of them, including several who served on the
Council of Faith — to subdue the man.

and the sacrifice of

The sorcerer — one Averki Skogarmadur by
name, though the characters won't know that to
begin with — is on the run for crimes ranging from
theft to murder to maleficium. As he was captured in
commission of two of those crimes, the outcome of
his trial isa forgone conclusion. However, the Inqui-
sition wants to make an example of him (and,
although the characters aren't told so directly, the


Red Order wants to learn something of his magic so
they know how to counter it in future). However,
everyone who would be capable of performing this
trial in Bremen is dead, and the closest Council of
Faith is Brunswick — quite some distance away.
With the sorcerer incapacitated, the Inquisition
wishes to get him out of Bremen immediately, before
he either finds a w
in advance of his making a proper confession.

y to escape or someone kills him

age

Averki is imprisoned in a special carr' it
was specially built for the purpose of carrying mon-
sters, and its walls can withstand a great deal of
punishment. Only one window (set into the door)
looks into it, and that window is barred with iron.
The door is chained and locked (the character with
the highest rating in the Rank Background gets the
key). Nevertheless, all this cannot prevent him from
using his magic. He plans to wait until the group

reaches the forests, then call for help from the
protectors of the woods, the werewolves. The char-
acters will then have to decide whether to fight the
wolf-men, try to escape with Averki (who will do
everything in his considerable power to slow their
progress), kill him and flee (which is easier said than
done), or leave him behind (which should weigh on
their consciences forever).

Storyteller Characters: The most important
Storyteller character, of course, is Averki
Skogarmadur himself. Averki is a member of a soci-
ety of mages called the Valdaermen, runecrafters
from the hoary lands northward. While he is power-
ful and dangerous even without his magic, by the
time the characters meet him he is weak and spent,
and he must take some time to gather his strength
before attempting to escape.

If you have access to Dark Ages: Mage, feel free
to create Averki as a character, complete with ap-
propriate magical Traits. If you do not, however,
don't feel bound to represent him or his Fellowship
— this is, after all, an Inquisitor game.

Averki should be presented as an enemy. Stress the
feelings the inquisitors experience around him —
Averki makes anyone in his general vicinity feel
forlorn and empty, as though they are miles from
home. Ravens follow him, always at a distance, but
ever-present. Even when the ravens are quiet, a

careful listener can hear their cries.

Averki was dressed in furs when he stepped off
the boat, but he has been stripped toa loincloth. The
characters can easily observe fresh runes carved into
his hands, arms, chest, and even his forehead. These
runes (and the act of carving them) are what allow

DARKAGESHINQUISITOR Pe ; «

ey rack AM

Averki to activate his magic, and he will do his best
over the journey to trick the characters into passing
him a stick, a knife, a spoon or any other item he
could conceivably use to cut himself. If he does
manage to draw blood, he inscribes runes on the

carriage walls. Possible spells he could cast include
increasing his physical Attributes, causing the char-
acters' weapons to malfunction or turn in their
hands, learning anything they consider secret, and
summoning help from animals (including werewolves
— see below).

The mage speaks German and his native Icelan-
dic, but he does not understand any other languages.
He will pretend not to know German until he is
ready to communicate with the characters.

Involving the Characters: The most obvious
method of involvement is simply to assume the
characters are an established cell, possibly assigned
to Bremen or the area, and are simply given this
assignment. Another possibility is that they were
actually present when Averki destroyed the Council
of Faith, but this isn't recommended — for one
thing, the Storyteller would have her hands full in
such a battle making sure the characters don't kill
Averki (although she could simply narrate the fight).
For another, Averki is a much more frightening
opponent if the characters don't know what he's
capable of doing. Rumors might speak of him chang-
ing intoa wolf ora bear, orsummoning up snowstorms
— and if the weather gets colder or the characters
hear howls...

It's important to stress that the Inquisition wants
Averki to reach Brunswick alive. If, of course, it
becomes a matter of self-defense, the characters'
superiors will understand, but they stand a better
chance of advancement and praise if their charge
doesn't die en route.

This story can work well with nearly any mix of
characters, but House Murnau are especially appro-
priate, given the region. A Murnau character might
be able to provide the group with a way-station along
the road. Knights of Acre are likewise good character
choices, since the Inquisition already knows that
Averki is a dangerous man. The Inquisition might
also send along an Oculi Dei spy in the guise of
coachman or servant — but remember that Averki

can divine secrets by casting runes.

+ STORYTELLING -

Storytelling: "The Long and Lonely Road" works
best as a single story, either as part of a longer
chronicle or a one-shot. The tone of the game can
change dramatically, depending on how the charac-
ters decide to act. If they treat their prisoner well, he
might not call for help from werewolves immediately
but attempt to convince the characters to let him go.
If they are abusive, he might toy with them first,
spitting their darkest secrets at them and summon-
ing ravens to bedevil them as they sleep.

The road to Brunswick might encompass other
events, too. Suppose the characters pass through a
village where heresy or pagan teachings have taken
hold? Leaving such people to their ignorance is a
grievous sin — but can they take the time to teach
them? Feel free, too, to seed hints about what awaits
the group — wolf howls, perhaps the body of a boar,
mutilated beyond the capacity of any beast, and
Averki's fiendish laughter as the full moon rises high
can all serve as foreshadowing to the confrontation
with the werewolves.

This story is fairly linear — the characters have
one straight path to follow, without a lot of possible
permutations. Pacing is critical in a story like this;
too many "random encounters" along the road and
the story will feel endless. Try to get the characters
talking to Averki. See if youcan make the players see
him as a person. Give him an agenda — why was he
in Bremen to begin with? Why didn't he just flee
when the guards assaulted him? Is he guilty of the
charges against him? Does he care? For his part,
Averki attempts to persuade the inquisitors to leav
their faith and accompany him back to Iceland. He
especially targets women, whom he perceives as
having no power in the Church but as being well-
respected in his own faith.

Resolutions: This story can end any number of
ways. The characters might succeed in bringing
Averki to Brunswick, where he is put on trial and
probably executed. He might well escape into the
forest, in which case the characters are quite prob-

ably sent right back to Bremen to bolster the
Inquisition's new Council of Faith and guard against

another attack by the mad Scandinavian wizard. If
they kill Averki sans trial, they might still face
retribution from other parties — Averki's family or
allies, the werewolves that he sought help from, etc.


Viernet
Manec?
Chronicle?

ohn ACCRIBUCES, ee

. Physical
Strength. @0000
Dexterity. @o0000
Stamina @0000

a ABILITIES

Talents

Alertness. 00000
Athletics 00000
Brawl ~~ 00000
Dodge 00000
Empathy. 00000
Expression. o0O0000
Intimidation. 00000
Leadership 00000
Legerdemain. 00000
Subterfuge. 00000

oo ADVANTAGES

iatFOES

Nature:
meanot>
Impulse?

Social
Charisma @0000

Manipulation_ @OO0O0O
Appearance__ ®@OO000

Mental
Perception. e@0000

Intelligence__ @0000
Wits. @0000

Skills
Animal Ken. o0o0000
Archery. 00000
Commerce 00000
Crafts. 00000
Etiquette 00000
Melee 00000
Performance 00000
Ride 00000
Stealth 00000
Survival 00000

_ Knowledges
Academics

—$—— 00000
Hearth Wisdom___ 9 0000
Investigation, O0O0000
Law. 00000
Linguistics, 00000
Medicine 00000
Occult 00000
Politics 00000
Seneschal. 00000
Theology 00000

r

00000

Callous?

Backgrounds Virtues ——— = Superior Virtues ==
00000
00000 Self-Control__ 90000 Wisdom_____ 00000
00000 _— Conscience___ 90 000 Faith 00000
00000 _— Courage 00000 Zeal 00000
00000
eddie Piety Health ————=
Blessings Curses 666.666 606:0 ae, =
Hurt 10
; Injured 10
Willpower Wounded 2 O
O0O00000000 Mauled 2 ol
pooopopooO, 245
—— Holy Art ——— it Incapacitated i]
—— Conviction
00000 DOORBRPOeoOoO0O0oO Experience
O00000


Annointings 199
Aignen le Libraire 72, 90, 97-99
Artifacts 198

B

Blessings 173
Buying New Endowments 173-174

¢

Cainite Heresy 61,95, 101, 113-114
Callousness 162

rdinal Marzone 62, 126-126
er Creation chart 147

all of Duty 205

_ —Solemn Oath 206
iffer the Little Children 206
—Maledictio 208
Allure of Gentle Hades 208
~—Company of Wolves 208
—Devil's Bargain 209
—Mark of the Beast 209

— Personal Adversary 209
—Stigmata 210
—BoiledinShame 210

INDEX

—lLashedinJodement 210
—Marked by the Cross 211
—Speared by Destiny 211
—Visitations 211

— Book of Revelations 211
—Caurse of the Scribe 212
—Gloaming, The 211
—Glossalia 213
—Spirit Tithe 213

D

Disease 165

€

Endowments 176
—Benedictions 176
— Divine Liturgy 178
— Gift of Second Sight 177
—Heavenly Shepherd 177
—IlExultin Thee 178
— Water to Wine 179
— Investitures 179
—AutodaFé 182
—Catechumen 180
—Flight of Angels 180
— Spirit of the Resurrection 181
— Transfiguration of the Flesh 180
—Legacies 182
—Arcana 184
—Forbidden Wisdom 182
—Mirror of Evil 184
—Noblesse Oblige 183
—Wreathed in Shadows 183
—Psalms 185
—Chorale 187
—FiatLux 186
—Gospel 186
— Hosen 187


G

Gauthier de Dampiere 64, 69, 74, 130
Ghosts 112-113

y

Holy Art 189

—Boni Spiritus 192
—Sedulitas Filius 190
—Sophia Patris 189

Holy Ground 197

Holy Relics 198

HolySight 79-80, 135

tumau 85, 115, 136-137

SculiDei 89,94, 114, 138-139
yc ri of Saint Theodosius 66, 80, 115, 132-133

Conscience 174
Moral Compass 174
—Noah'sFavor 174
The True Innocent 174
—Courage 175

—Hi t 175
—Sanguine Hymn 175
—Talespinner 176

‘ —SelfControl 174
Blessing of Years 175

—The Penitent Man 175

Piety 158
Poison 164

Poor Knights of the Passion of the Cross of Acre 70,73, 114,
130-131

Procurator Fiscalis 123

R

Red Order See Order of Saint Theodosius

ritae 194
— Blessed Vigilance 194
—Force March 196
—Forge of God, The 196
—Fortunes of War 196
—Hallow Ground 194
—Holy Rite of Exorcism 195
—Plague Ward 195
—Sunstone 195

Rodrigue de Navarre 63, 90

%

Sister Teresa of Saint John 68, 92-94
Sisters of Saint John 70,77, 115, 134-135
Superior Virtues 157

—Faith 157

—Wisdom 157

—Zeal 157

Supreme Council 126

C

Terror 163
Thralldom 162
Torture 109-110, 165-166

V

Vampires 113


uo‘

a ; 7
a i]

WWW.WHITE-WOLECOM
ISBN 1-58846-282-X
WW 20004 $76.95 11.8

9°181588"462E
