# File: Isle of the Mighty.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

~~ =
&
: sesrel
| - +o
| 3
|
i !
: B
: 5
|
Ly :
fi !
J I ;
: a
: :
, ig
2 4
: |
: |
aq |
PSS
=) |
Se 3
re
Same
f ‘"
<A

Fri


by Bech Fisch, Jennife Hareshorn,Oeena Mckinney and WayneDeacock

| ar
Hi
4

"

ee 1
! '
%

=

Credics

Written by: Beth Fischi, Jennifer Hartshorn, Deena McKinney,
Wayne Peacock

Developed by: lan Lemke

Additional Developement by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Cary Goff

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Stuart Beel, Lee Fields, Jeff Holt, Mark Jackson, Clint
Langley, Rick O'Brien, James Stowe, Scott Theisen, Drew Tucker,
Valerie Valusek

Map by: Eric Hotz

Front Cover Art: Adam Rex

Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Border Art by: Henry Higgenbotham

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles & Kathleen Ryan

&

780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
Suite 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc

served. Reproduction without the written permission of the

All rights re-

publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews. Blank character sheets may be reproduced for
personal use only. White Wolf, Mage the Ascension and
Vampire the Masquerade are registered trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
Dreaming, Isle of the Mighty, The Autumn People, Nobles
the Shining Host, Cult of Ecstasy, The Book of Madness,
The Book of the Wyrm, Freak Legion, Wraith the Oblivion
and Werewolfthe Apocalypse are trademarksof White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. All characters, names,

rights reserved. Changeling the

places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference toany company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned

Because of the mature themes involved, reader discre-
tion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at http://www.white-
wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN C JA.

Isle of che Cighzy

Auchor's Special Thanks

From Ocena Mckinney
ToTom Deitz,

and a whole lot more.

iilbert Head and Forrest Marchinton, for resources

To Darrell Autrey and Wayne Peacock forconstant commentsand
patience.

Diolch yn fawr to you all!

From Bech Fisch

Phil Masters, James Wallis, Mare Gascoigne and Graeme
Davis or the British perspective. Also, thanks toRobert the Bruce,
without whom the world would be bereft of James Wallis and, by
extension, Hogshead Publishing

From Wayne Peacock
Thanks to my parents, Gertie and Walter Peacock, who took
me to Scotland. Special thanks go to Kim Peacock, for constant
love and inspiration. Thanks also to the three women who made
na McKinney, Nicky Rea and Jackie
© Clan Maxwell, from a member of one

my writing this possible: [
Cassada. Finally, a sal


Concents

Liandona's Saga

Book One: England

Chapcer One: Talecrafc One - Hiscory of England
Chapcer Two: The Kingdoms of Aldion
Chapcer Three: The People of Aldion

Chapcer Six: Lads and Lasses

Book Three: Wales

Chapzer Seven: Talecraft Three - Piscory of Cymru
Chapzer Cighc: Cymru, Land of Song and Companions
Chapcer Nine: Y Cymer, the People

Appendix



DADS, spuopuD]

10U 904s Ul yDeq Ma'p UAppo|g "JapueUTWOD aLp 02 39y PaLu0Is9
pur dures paionzasuos Ajnsey ‘Aqzeau & 01 494 pay ap] "wounyuaD
AYP Moyo} 0 sao]Nod pue squay ay SuUAYpeS Appinb ‘parjdas
ays ,‘a8e]]14 ayp Uarearp OU pIp nos JI UaAa aUI09 pjNOM |,
«gOS NOA IH! "491s9} spunom sty pur "vas Aq pofaaeN 2ALY IM YIN
‘2194 Jo Yuiou saSeaes parured-anyg ayp ypu ystuurys © UL NY
Ajsnouas seas 19pueUNUOD ING) "Nok Jo paau DALY aM ‘TETE>HY,,
.{WueY OU NOs auOp aAeY OYA aseTLA styp Jo
ajdoad ayp pur au yi aueM nos op weYyA\ "Ys We], "Ue T 9AneU
sty ur Ayyioous paroasue pue A[pjog aze8 sty 19UI UPpolg
"YsPA U>x01q

UT JaIpjos UeWOY dtp pres ,‘UeWIOM-J9]e9Y "Uappo|g Ae No4,,

28a

«Pie 294 aa18 asnus ays 2eUp pue ‘spuey sup UT sraseypLa axp Jo saat]
tp pjay uaw asayp mauy ayg "loysmog Asea URLpIK punoys stat Pjay
suaYpO oUp a]LYA ‘preAuO} aUIeD VOLINUAD AUC "aWIOY 194 preAKOI
Apu uatp pue a8ey]14 a~p aputsua siaipjos ueWOY Mes Uappolg
"Aqueau woy Jo1191 Jo sinoys preay ays uay ‘Wow Sunds Ajze9 9U0
Suppom sea ays azoys atp Aq a8enoo s9y ul axa} "s9]eay ATysiUT e se
‘umoua4 pey ays 40} ‘say 298 01 AUD |]! AUOAIAAA ‘punogE sau WoL
"vag WAYLION atp kau aBe]|IA e Ur Se atp Jo 1UORNOWAd paroadsox
& SpA, at Jo ULUIOM e ‘Uappojg sem sYBOUI s,euOpUETT,
‘azaaig ayy isutede 1980] javeys 194 pazjnd uaMo ,-o3e Buo] pauing
aurejag jo sarydurea at se umo sty 40} 194 Yoo Oya aouUd a9
eau ay jo pue ‘aureu Sit Saye] UAAOD SIL WOYM Woy "eUOpUEy] Jo
Azo1satp st az} "UeWOM EjosIED atp YIM UTese sey pjnoyssdeysad
1nq ‘pryp vse preay aaey Avur NOK ayeI e NOK |]>9 []L% | pur ‘sada.anok
Aug] woypear v se samnyrey Aw 40} NOK SururE}g ApsuOIN WE | 40) "aU
aatiog "Ioreap Au ‘oxa"p ‘49H, "UAYOS 01 PooUl s,UEUION JapjO
ayp pasnes Surdaam s,113 ayp jo aysts atp pue ‘ao!0a sgune say Ut
uny puv uorssed ayp 1B sy9ay> s,euEUY UM poyseyds sxe |
«(NOK 01 SUOIM Op aM pjnoM ‘quiom szayPOU! NOK Woy payseID
nok aouIs NOK papuar aavy pu NOA aac] OYA am ‘ApTUEY INOK
ane OYA 9/y\ j}3 YsYJAg "SUITYA UNO INOK Jo a10W puE ss>ppoH
yp JO [TM ayp Jo apy YUN NOX jON {NOK apind wey asoyp
am — Aanp pu arg ‘worsncy ‘stp 02 sowtoo 21 os pur ‘parznayun
pue aay und sauo Sunod aup 29] AQ "YINOA "YY "Jom NOA paasas
AavY pjnom s]jor9s pjo atp toy Suraj azo ana e pur sjodAeur
ayp punos pepsdys Surouep sso] ajay] y "ssture u90q Avy IOU
pjnom Azoasty jo 21q & ‘sjeutue atp Sutsop pur siodasp Sums azaM
oA Udy AA, A[UP UaMO aUNY poyjdar , ‘YoRVINpe sno Jo suoTuod
quvoytusis aus paroayaau Appes aavy am IY? 99s UPD J,
«9, YSU] atp Jo aseo9 ay UO ULULZAYsY e UAAd JO ‘KayTEA AMUOD
a\p UMOp Woy puaxpeod awWos UeLP Jaq WHY axeUE IE ssp AYN
‘Suppomjia\joo]qeaspo] mouy st pueaseauyy 1ua!oue ue sey.ayos jare|d
sauunp stl uo yduudu ajiqnu ‘pjim atp se dn paaras Burag ayy] 104 op |
ang ‘ue BuNoA auy e aq AeUL JapeY UOA UoIeg jsonaULA} plo Ayras

Jo sare pooig atp uaaq euopury] Yaa} neqiayy am aaey Huo] MOH]
json uersio9p ul oTPouspuEdS-rwasB Aw yr AA ;AdUasaY oyp BuLNp
stpourpuess Aw yr Ay jzatpoU Au Jo Mp pur YoRRIAUAT INA LA,
{Uo auo3 sip sey Suo] MOpY,, ‘2oueYOp UI UTYD 9Y payr] eULITY
123 ay yun parensny azow Burwios9q ‘uamg
quny payse ,jpurrsiapun 1 aiatp st wey, {puEsIApUL,,
aipueasiapun rouued Ayduns | ]am-asnf sy "asja auo ou st ary
‘ou puyy "opie wappry yons ano Supfaas 01 preauoy Yoo] [ep Uap
roUUeD J, "Paysnyg ay ,JoUUEW snoIpMas sIy Ypeauag syn] UoIssed
eyp 99s UeD | Ang ‘2oULUAIUNOD Ut 1aqos st a} "BuLysep pur BUNA
s} oreg ay "um Jo puoy AzaA we | ‘S94, "Iq e pays eULLY
«Spysy ny sstuustp 02 100
1] op pjnom nog "aouanyur jo ueUre st ay ‘smieIg ULUIAD atp Jo
uonesyrunsuipuaduns jarewisig yam Ajse|NoNAEY "MOw{NOA'suOH
-epuauntuosas Isaysty Ara ayp sn UaAts avy Bungiary Ut sULOp]
JO LPO AP woy siarsew sip] "JnPMod pue s]qou st aseauty
saapey UOA YoASMOH{ "a]qeUDIUN KunUI JOU ase SHUR Yons
‘sdeysad pe] je20] & ‘as]9 uoaUOs st a19yp J wap Aw paysties9q 01
nod quem aA\ {4eAY INOK PaLUTE]D sey OYA JatpO OU St a19q1,, "113
aye Sunuinbs ‘uaa iN ponuNuod ,;tuNY 94] NOA Puy,
«hvaudord yo sSurdden aow are sSunyp yons aztqeas | yBnoyp
uaa ‘Sauuew AjuRWapUad e UL aUL LNOD Or BULAN ApUTENaD st 9}
‘duIew! pjno> Nod SuIypAIaAa ‘4999] & ‘sIaMOY ‘SYoog "staquieyD
Suu Ut 9Auze 0U SOP WHI LOY} YI aUIOS reUD sassed Aep e OU Puy
puny A|qipaxout st ayy,, "Appin pres eueny , januny ‘ou'yo,,
.oo'SeY ay JL asnedag japny so Aus U99q
9Y SB} {NOA o1 puny Udaq 10U ay se},, PauayHs UaMD lUNy
ailopey Uos uo1eg
inoqe pasnyuod os we | jou 3,Uop Ajduns | ‘nuNY YO, ‘spuey
say] Ut Pay ays Astep arp woy sjexad Suryonyd paystuy eueuy
cd PHYP NOK sjre rey AQ ‘peor e se UIN|S Yoo] NOK ‘pueyst ax Jo aseor aU
404 j2821 8 patuap aqeg e ay1] Nod NOK 194 ‘pur| sttp 40} asttuioAd pur
agueyp jo zea4 v aumuns ypuaarxis NO' Jo sdep snoHO|s axp sassed
au}, "UEWIOM JapfO ax pres ,18 Au ‘payqnon Yoo] nox,
-aonuadde Suno4 say utof or outed Aypeuy ays ‘aprtus SuIMOU,
© UM ang "sw Suo] & J0J [NB paroeNsip ayp payrrem uaNg
luny ‘8en09 uapres say Jo oop ayp ay "Aseaun pue paxaydiod
9} 24g "parapy pue paysis ays ‘ys ay sso1se adax9 uns ay
SY "ssa2ns OU UptAs ang ‘sajqnou 29y Woy Avave PUT 194 ae 01
pinoo ays je pip eueu
pue soaq ap Jo auosp JowuIns Azey ay 01 pauarst] 2Yg "UOZuOY
ay zeau ‘Auay awUOOU ay WoY Wears Jo sod mes EUR
"saey puojg-Aiaapis zy jo puens e Uo paqqiu pur arys Burpy
Suo] 194 Uo asnp ayp parpms ayg -sesut ajdand ayp s9A0 Suyyww
swue ayp parpuod ays ‘opu sBunmow e saye uapred s.uaME,
qUNY Jay UI SuMIg "payqnon a9y ‘sueag eUEUY sv YoImgeIN Jo
aSeypta Aqueau atp wi spuaty zy 01 umoUy ‘AUT Yara} PULL

yUIYsUNs pue sFOMOY Jo s1U9ds ay payeyur

yauutic| spusgaa,, Bunofj vy
Te)

‘DBDG SDUOPUDY]


only atthe deeply infected wound he bore, but also at his handsome
features and the aura of power she felt in his presence. Gently she
bathed his hurts and gave him specially prepared wine to ease his
pains. He smiled weakly at her and touched her hand.

"My name is Gavin Marius," he whispered. "You have my
thanks and my word of honor that no harm will come toany in your
lands." Blodden nodded, shaken by sudden stirrings of desire for
this Roman.

Under Blodden's gentle care, Gavin Marius healed rapidly
And as she suspected, he himself possessed gifts of magick, blesse
orcursed to know the future before its time. Assummer turned to fall,
the commander and his men stayed in the fair village, Gavin himself
becoming the mate of the willing Blodden. Desertion was a serious
crime in the Roman army, but so few of Gavin's men remained and
so far off course they were blown, no one ever sought them out

From Gavin and Blodden's union came the child, Llandona.
Motherand father trained her in the ways of True Magick, dwelling
intently on the patterns of life, emotion, fortune and essence we all
share. And as the child bloomed with power, so too did she grow in
beauty and wisdom under the light of the Goddess.

As custom demanded for all girls, she led the dancers of
Beltaine the spring season after her first broken link with the moon.
Her dark glossy tresses flew unbound behind her like a sail as she
danced, faster and faster to the wild strains of the music. But as the
song ended, and the dancers collapsed into a heap of laughter,
silence fell on the festivities. From the edge of the village where
sand touched sea came a lone rider, a tall man on an armored white
steed. His noble garments flashed scarlet and gold, and from his

Isle of che Cighzy

saddle jangled bells of merriment. The faerie, for such he was, rode
to Llandona's side, dismounted and knelt before her
‘Llandona ferch Gavin, well met! | am Cunedda ap Cythan.
From the other world I have ridden on the straight sarn this night
to meet you and claim you as my bride. For Lady Don has deemed
it so, and by my heart, I do love you well."
"How is this?" asked Llandona, her knees trembling in

adoration and fear. "For my eyes never beheld you before this night,

yet you say you love me?"

Blodden's words of protest stopped in her throat; the appear:
ance of the faerie folk sometimes boded ill. The Tylwyth Teg often
took offense at the slightest of remarks. Thus Blodden feared her
daughter's tart tongue would darken the stranger's mood, and a
plague of frogs was the last thing the village needed. But Gavin's
hand and soft voice restrained hi

"Leave this as it should be," he whispered. "For no ill will
comes of this but rather great joy for ages to come." Blodden
swallowed her fear and watched as the light of the faerie prince's
eyes pierced the heart of her child, and Llandona succumbed to his
ardor and passion. That very night, they made oaths of troth and
laid in a bower of spring blossoms, lulled to sleep by the breaking
of the waves. In the moming, scarlet flowers grew where Llandona's
virgin blood soddened the ground.

The many children of Llandona and Cunedda grew up fair
and fresh as their parents, but as fate would have it, all were girls;
the seed of the faerie lord produced no sons. Cunedda, for his part,
delighted in his brood of flower-faced children, and Llandona
decreed that only lords of the fae or powerful practitioners of


could wed herdaughters. This brought suitors from Cymru
Hibernia, Albion and even members of a far away noble t
magi called Merinita. The daughters married and in turn produced
their own daughters, so that the tradition of Llandona continued.

As for Llandona herself, no one is certain. After many happy
years with her, Cunedda seemed to slowly fade and weaken with a
wasting illness. One day, he never returned home from his usual
morning ride and was not seen in this world thereafter. Llandona
never shed a tear, but it is said her heart broke that day. Her eldest
daughter Glenia saw her walking on the oce res calling for
the will of the Goddess to end her loneliness. A great storm blew
up then, scattering the villagers indoors for shelter. When the
storm ended, no trace of Llandona remained...yet in the vales near
Anglesey her scarlet flowers grow still. And in the cottages of those
who call themselves the Rheibau ferch Llandona still flow the
blood of love from mighty mages and noble fa

Aunt Gwen took a deep breath as she finished the tale. "Sod
you see, dearest girl? Many hundreds of years have passed since the
days of Blodden and Gavin, Llandona and Cunedda. Our family has

wn, lived, loved, worked and died in these fertile lands, We have
created a center of learning and beauty that celebrates the life and
wonder of this realm of Cymru. And yet, we have always maintained
it as our fate to live out Gavin's prophecy, to fulfill his vision
whatever it may have been. For you see, he never told Blodden nor
Llandona precisely what he saw of the future, only that it would be
wondrous and full of great joy. And they trusted him, not because he
was a man, nor even because he was their blood relative. They had
faith in him because they knew Gavin had foresight into the rivers
of time anda grasp of the very fibers of destiny. Who were they, mere
mortals, to question the will of the Goddess herself who had given
such happiness to them all? If Llandona trusted her father when he
gave his blessing to her bonding with the faerie prince, and her
daughters' union to the fae and powerful willworkersfrom otherlands
and places, whoare we todo differently? The many years have proven
Gavin's prophecy true. But it will only continue if we in the present
continue to nurture his vision. Will you, Ariana, not continue this
thread? The nes f color upon the tapestry is yours to make

Fora long while, Ariana satin silence. She thought of her dead
mother and father who perished in the summers of their lives,
leaving her to the loving care of heraunt and the othersat Llandona

Coven. She thor of the empty days since the lords of the Tylwyth

Teg had last ridden on the shores of Anglesey and of hor rowed
a child to rediscover the fair folk. She thought of the wisdom and
affection she heard in the baron's voice when he spoke of magick and
his travels in far-away lands. And finally, a shy smile lit her face
"Thank you for the tale, Aunt Gwen, and for the listening. You
must excuse me now, for still stink of my morning's ride. Itwouldn't
do to greet Baron von Rader for dinner looking like a grub. At le:
notuntil he becomes more accustomed to seeing me ina dishevelled
state." Ariana gave her aunt a kiss and ran to the cottag
Longafter Ariana departed, Gwen blew dand locksand
smiled absently at the sun sinking over the distant cliffs. A wayward
weft, she mused, only makes fabric st er when carefully
rethre 1 into the warp. | am fortunately clever with my shuttle

-andonas Saga


¢ 4

etiglh

[
i)

The waies, through which my weary steps I guyde,
In this delightfull land of Faery,

And sprinckled with such sweet variety,

Of all that pleasant is to eare or eye,

That I nigh ravisht with rare thoughts delight,

My tedious travell doe forget thereby;

And when I gin to feele decay of might

It strength to me supplies, and chears my dulled spright

— Sir Edmund Spenser, "The Faerie Queene"

1997 Talecrafc Lescval, Imdolc 1997

Park-a-CDoor Freehold, Comscon Wacer,
Drincipalicy of Tears (Lake Orscriec, England)
F fs ie]

Oay One

— High Lady Ellyndil, Sidhe of the Seelie Court, House

Fiona, Welcome and Invocation (extracts)

On thissublime winter day, take sincere pleasure in welcom-
ing you all —childlings, wilders, grumps and our special guests —
to partake of this freehold's hospitality. Every winter the fair folk
of this kingdom hold this festival. Here we spin tales, swap
memories, tell more than a few lies and celebrate our heritage in
stories and lectures.

This year, for the first time since the nobility returned to
Earth, over a quarter-century ago, I have invited several mortals to

join us. They belong to that select and highly respected group, the
mages. For those childlings among us, I should explain that these
men and women are like the mighty rds of our most magical
stories. But you need not fear. These wizards belong to groups of
high-minded folk called Traditions, and they are our friends.

In fact — and here I speak to my fellow nobles and to the
leaders of the citizenry — I believe the Tradition mages must
become more than friends. They must be our allies. As we fight
against encroaching Banality, so must the Traditions try to restore
wonder to the world. We fight a common enemy, an enemy you
will learn more about at this festival.

Inolder times, many mages worked with the sidhe. Butduring
the Interregnum our two peoples drifted apart, each busy dealing

Chapzer One: Hise ‘ory of England


with problems of our own. Consequently, we lost much lore of the
mages, and someamong them forgot us. Yetnow we—nobility and
acquaintance. Together,
take the fight to the enemy, restore Britain's might

commoners alike — begin to renew th
Ibelieve we
and regain the lost age of glory!

I call upon all the Kithain, even the pooka, to welcome our
visitors, to leam from them as I have — and, at last, to call them
friends. And to those Awakened who kindly join us for these three

days: | bid you welcome, and enjoy.

Sam Haine, Verdena CDascer

— England Yesterday and Today: The Once and Future
Crisis (extra

Thank you. lam pleased to be here, though I have tosay [feel
more thanalittlequeasy, speaking to youon the history of England
You can tell right off from my mid-Atlantic accent that I'm not
British, although I did live here for about 80 years of my youth, off
and on. My esteemed friend Lady Ellyndil — what's that, child?
How old am I? Wouldn't you anda few thousand Technocrats like
toknow! And my birthplace, and my birth-name, and many more
facts that I don't intend to tell you.

AsIw
me to talk on a huge subject — the history of your fair country —
and to emphasize the doings of you Kithain and the Awakened
that's what we mages call ourselves. Now, if you talk to a vampire

ing, the noble and beautiful Lady Ellyndil asked

or some of the cockier mages, you'll get the idea that some
supernatural being was behind almost everything that ever hap-
pened throughout history. This is false, and if you hear it, youknow
you're talking to a liar or a fool. We don't like to think about it,
really, but the great movements of history are almost always
accidents. If vampires had actually been planning history, they
would have done a much smoother job.

Still, there are groups who don't exactly engineer society, but
try to guide it. The most successful of these isa large group of mages
called the Technocracy. They are responsible for convincing the
world that magick can't happen and fairies don't exist. In other
words, they want everyone at this festival to go away.

The Time of QDych

B.C.

? Tuatha de Danaan; Time of Legends; the Wyck

appear.

Land link between Britain and the continent

submerged.

Britain's Neolithic Age: long barrows and stone

circles built.

2100-1650 Bronze Age in Britain.

1000 First farmsteads settled in Britain.

500 ‘The Sundering: The Dreaming and the world of
mortals ripped asunder; the Iron Age of Man.
Migration of Celtic people from southern Europe.
Gaulish tribes begin to migrate to Britain.
Julius Caesar lands in Britain, then withdraws.

3500

Isle of che Cighzy

Now, [happen toknow alot about the Technocracy, and no,
child, don't ask how. Today I'm here to tell you about a new
Technocratic faction that's especially dangerous to you folk here
in Britain. But first | want to explain where they're coming from,
and why. That's why I'm telling you about England's history

I've invited a fellow Tradition mage to help me. I'd like you
to welcome Professor Geoffrey Twidmarch, Hermes bani House
Merinita. Professor Twidmarch teaches history at Cambridge, and
he has kindly prepared a timeline of major events in the history of
Great Britain —mortal, Awakened and fae. Today he'll be helping
me with England, and in the next few days he'll help other speakers
on the history of Wales and Scotland. How about a nice hand for
Professor Twidmarch!

By the way, for the other mages in the audience, and I see
three ot four, Professor Twidmarch is an Adept with a Hermetic
cabal down in Cambridge, but he's recently joined a Verbena
coven up north for a one-year apprenticeship, as part of Horizon's
new "ambassador program." If you want to know more, talk to me
after the lecture.

Are we ready, professor? I understand the good professor had
prepared transparenciesandan overhead projector, but thatseemed
a bit too banal for this illustrious festival. So with the professor's
permission, I'Iljust doa bitof...there... Works better than ascreen,
doesn't it? Thank you, thank you. Professor Twidmarch, the first
transparency

The Time of COych

Now about the time the Tuatha de Danaan moored their
great gilded ships off the emerald isle of Eire, a group of godlike
shamans, mages known as the Wyck, arrived in Britain. These
healers needed neither food nor sleep, nor did th er feel the
chill shroud of death. The Wyck befriended the British tribes, just
asthe Tuathade Danaan did their Gaelic tribes across the gray Irish
and Celtic Seas. The Wyck gifted the shamans of their tribes with
fire, seeds, wine, the calendar — and, most importantly, the truth.
They taught humanity toseek the truth in itselfand the wild truths
of nature. As a descendant of these very same Wyck, I hope, Earth
save me, to continue seeking the truth with you fae.

Years passed, and the Wyck and the Tuatha de Danaan spread
throughout Cymru (what you childlings and wilders know as
Wales), Scotland and England. As your bards have taught you, the
world was at peace with itself then: Wyck, Tuatha de Danaan,
shamans and tribes-people all dreamt the same Dream. Beasts now
thought of as mythical — the raging griffin, the fire-breathing
dragon, the fierce unicorn — roamed freely. Heroes of immense
strength, wit, purity and honor populated the Isle of the Mighty.
The people built longbarrows, stone circlesand henges, or temples.

When humanity first gripped cold iron, the great Dream
fragmented. Now, understand that humans are a willful lot, despite
what other mages may tell you. They took up iron swords and
knives and began to dream their own dreams. As they began to
make the world safer for themselves, they also shut themselves in,
the way you shut a door to keep out a biting wind. They lost their

sion of the world outside that door. Gradually, in a process that
continues to this day, they lost their ability to see those who lived
that Dream with them long ago — you.


Some of the original Wyck survived and, itis said, still live as
ancient recluses with incredible power. Their descendants, many
of whom remained in Britain because of the powerful magickal
energies of the place, became heroes, druids, healers, witches,
bards, kings and queens of varying power. These folk did not sit
around talking about high magickal goals; they simply existed as
mortals in a magickal land. Some were Picts, and battled the Celts.
(The Celts, by the way, did not refer to themselves by that name;
they referred to themselves by the names of their tribes.) Others
were Celts who eventually conquered their Pictish cousins, lock-
ing many deep within the Earth where, itis said, some still remain
powerful, insane and royally carked.

The Roman Occupacion

So the fighting and the lovemaking — apologies, Mother
Boggan — continued this way for years, with more people thrown
into the pot. For instance, tribes of Gauls joined the Celts and Picts
as they fled from Roman-occupied lands. Then in A.D. 43, the
Roman Emperor Claudius invaded Britain, opening up the Isle for
other conquests. Until then, few mages and shamans had taken up
arms against each other except in petty dispute, generally prefer-
ring quiet, solitary lives over conquest and rule.

This was not so for the Romans. They fought war after war,
against wild enemies, natives strong with a warlike instinct —
among them: Boadicea, Queen of the Iceni, with a martial spirit as
stalwart as any of you redcaps'; then the Welsh and Scottish tribes,
and later the Bretons, British and Gaels. The old Roman historian
Tacitus observed one welcoming party: "On the shore," he said,

"stood the dense array of armed warriors, while between the ranks
dashed women, in black attire like Furies, with hair disheveled,
waving brands. All around, the druids, poured forth dreadful
imprecations that scared our soldiers."

Some Wyck lived with the tribes in ancient Britain, and of
those, some chose to be druids, although not all druids were Wyck.
With this smattering of Wyck amongst their armies, the tribes of
Bretons mounted an admirable defense against the organized
might of the Roman infantry. Probably by way of damage control,
Tacitus failed to mention the role the Wyck played. During battles,
maniples of Roman infantry retreated with severe burns as their
clothes suddenly burst into flame and spears splintered as they
pierced Roman bodies. Roman soldiers fell ill with cramps and

strange diseases the night before a battle

The Roman Occupation
AD.

61 Boadicea rebels against Romans, but is defeated.

120 Roman Emperor Hadrian builds wall on Scottish
border.
Roman troops in York declare Constantine emperor.
Sacred Congregation members and Sons of Mitras
(arly Celestial Choristers) filter into Britain; de-
velop mixed feelings about pagan shamans' ways.

350-69 Border raids by Scots and Picts.

Chapcer One: Piscory of England


So the Romans were still putting down revolts almost a
century after they first invaded Britain, faced with the unexpected
fierceness and tenacity of an enemy defending its home turf. Is
and Picts conducted border raids until the Roman Emperor Hadrian,
fed up with their insolence, used the might of Rome to build a 73-
mile wall along the length of the Scottish border to keep out the
Gaels. He posted over 18,500 foot soldiers and cavalry, housed in
17 forts, along Hadrian's Wall. | leave the saga of the Gaelic fight
to later speakers, but on the Bretonic side of the wall, things
became intolerable. Soldiers kept pouring into England until
finally even the sage mages there tired and grew reclusive. It was
time for some new blood.

‘The Spread of Chriscianicy

400-1300s

Proto-Celestial Choristers (church mages of
various sects) filter into England.

400-500s
405 Church and pagan mages start rivalry over

local paradigms.

407 Pagan mages forced to withdraw as prophetic
mages win over Sleepers to their paradigm.
Christianity spreads via mortal missionaries.

Dream Realm of Camelot emerges.

Romans withdraw from Britain.

Angles, Saxons, Jutes invade and settle in
Essex, Sussex and East Anglia.

I spoke earlier of the Traditions. One of the earliest in the
Isles, aside from the Verbena (who sprang from the Wyck),
consisted of church mages who would become a Tradition called
the Celestial Chorus, In 320, still during the Roman era, many
mortal missionaries, including a few Sacred Congregation mem-
bers and Sons of Mitras (early Celestial Choristers) crossed the
channel. The earthy ways of the pagans appalled some, while
others were fascinated by the potence and beauty of the shaman:
isticceremonies. Astheycame toknow the Bretons, theirinfluence
spread, and 80 years later these church sects began to establish
cloisters and churches throughout the land, led by both Sleepers
and mages
As some prophetic mages established churches across the
Isles, their relations with the pagan mages soured. Rivalries over
places of power developed; prophets built churches atop ancient
pagan henges and barrows; shamans smashed stone crosses carved
by the hands of the church mages
Mages weren't the only ones affected. Though most prophets
tried to tolerate diverse beliefs, a sad few sought to silence all
discord. You fae suffered. You often located your mounds and trods
in places of great beauty and magickal power, or perhaps they
became such after you set up there. From the prophets' view, these
sites were perfect for erecting churches to honor their God,
etimes called the One. Fae and mages skirmished over these
and rumors spread amongst mages that you were demonic
Some church mages sought to expel you from your homes, some to

kill you.


Wr sywe
CUI:

puvjBud Jo fao: Cre) wo2dpyy)

"TE; UEOUTEID Jo

aug au aSe9]O4 pure HO | Y>eIg yp Puy O2 8189NZ)
"ureqg ssouse swiopsury uaaas dn yas suoxeg

"uno>

ayf99sUp) J9y tpyM ueBowrE|S sory Uatp pus 30]
PELE stp Ur peddenus s} oys "ueBlourE|O 0 20uHq
"uos seursed) seneq Avy 3] UEAOWN "elPP2G Op
asuyeBe suoxes spea] Borurec) surly 24[398Uf) 220]
{Pel [exBew axp sao pueysug pue s9]e/\ Ino
-yBnostp a1]998up) 'sA a1]99g :200,| PEI 94 JO.18/H\

DAO | YOVJG 242 xof a _)

27s

-"ureqg awa sso1de sis910} JeAaUN axp Jo sso]
atp susnowi (say J) pue—nypayj1y8 yp oa pjoysay onsofew ‘osny
e ayy] Sunpowios — aye, ayy ov payeanas sey ay ‘s1aM0]]0} SIY
yo Aureus uptjy ‘sauMIUAD 10} UNTY ads seY UO OU.I0} "YBNOLp ‘294
JU ary JaypIOU sey | ‘padueypun poiawa sey wry Uads sey OYA
uo ou pue — yea jo Surpuas axp pue szapuntp jo x>eN9 ap ay]
s} ay ‘sieadde ay uaya ang ‘aanazoas pue snowarsAwi st a} "Buuds
Aan yatya wio4y [ros ayy ‘p1o] s9yp Stang ‘nyp a]|Eys auf Jo 38a 94 se
woga! 293 pue a1p 10U saop a} "pio] ayprs asapja au ueyp SuruUND
40 S| pue ‘uIEUNOW ¥ se SuONS se st a] "suOseAS ayp pu 2UIN Jo
uojssauoud ay woy 2amod sures ‘yas ypreg aup se pjo se "ueIprens
STULL JJPswaTY 20} Warp UTES o9 sayN Oya wry oun 20m Ng "ANUNOD,
YMON oy? Ur azaymautos ‘sansean dey YI pay]y 2Aed e sprend
‘uy waaig ay sdeqsad ‘nyp ayrys quatoue ue eI pres say
*mou wappry Ajynyaze> 40 380} |]
s2eyp ang "spuasa7 jo aun | ay Woy
Sunep — jnpamod Ajqeinseaurun pue sapjo uaaa are wey sixa

a1 Aoup pure ‘sjasi1 oun Kors e

SIOWTUB OWIOg "]]M sv ‘OUD sty WoY arep ‘UTE Jo sounsead |,
ayp Jo awos pur a101 x>e[g ayp SuIpnpout ‘siesnze vey jRyramod
our atp jo Aueyy "MoUy JaA9 Ae sn jo auOU shea UF SUMING]
ay yum sauiaurazut ary pue ay] asoya autds jeux ue st ay
ysnowp ‘oum sip on savep uoragg Aaysiur ay | "yINy> atp jo udu
-tpuantua axp saye 1s0] sea oodsa asuOUTN STILL "sontop Jour
dy] 9ey JOUOUTUIOD parean UDAd puE spo snoudIsAw se aYpIs 94
poddiysion soqun ueuinpy "spuey jeuow aup Jo Aue payny ae} NOK
"urenig ssoxse swopsury uaaas.iatp dn aas suoxeg axp a10joq

dao | Yovjg 2Yy2.xol avy)

"ssyjq 01 pea| sheme

ajdoad autos 1etp pur ut daay ‘mous04
[2A asneDaq OjaUTED UO ax 10} (UWLAD,
BA UO LORLIUASAd s.UYof WO] 01 O8 Nok Is98BNs |

a,usaop eidory) 10) yore
~ueag jer arya

10) §
oj sure Jo weap ov ueBaq a}doag "edo 7)°-Aarun "Aaypiqeaspemma]no
pur jeontjod 10y yoreas 01 ueBaq a]doad ysnug aup wey —sanajno
Jayf10 tp Jo ssauatau aup ‘suoIseaU ay] — sBeAK OPO Q¢EAsed ay
Jo Siuaaa atp punose poosayeo9 pey Afiua yonun og ‘sureaxp pue
sadoy sno!asuosun s,ajdoad Aq padeys ppomuatpo ue arestput or
asn saSieus una) & st ,wwyeay weau,, ‘adeys aye 01 ueBaq 1o}aUIES)
payqe> way wrearg] axp ‘S99¢ 10 sop atp Suup aunauog
"sate 1eyp Noge aYOYy ‘SI9YPIO 10, sarEUNYBIU "wos Joy sarseAUEy OTT
wing "yn — 29m oUt UNA Warp Jo autos Jo IINsnd atp puy jsurearp
Aueur moy ‘ainfuos 21 saop saSeun Auew Mop] — 10}>UIED)

‘astie 0) uesaq ureasp
yea e ‘OWN sp punore puyy "A8i9ua aoU ‘sjarjaq azul ‘ays
210U tpi "x1uH atp OUT soApastUayp aarp a[dood a1owl og

"eySury seq pur xassng ‘xassq UI papas pue popeaut Aaup ‘Opp
Uy ‘soajasuzatp 40) pueysug paruem Aayp papioap pue uonedna20
uewioy pepeaip atp jo pua aup jo preay sain{ pur suoxeg ‘sasuy
dup se aasaa 07 Avm anes suoneaga}9> [BNIU! suOIDg ay] "oWOY,
ye SIaIpjos statp |e papaou Aatp pue ‘syposist a ayp Aq payxses w99q
pey ‘soy ‘jendes soy "ya] pue dn suewoy ayp ‘QT Uy

‘Suneurunad spaap
yeaid jo paas atp ‘Surjood sarfiaua peyoiSew sy ‘otueuAp Sutw099q
sem purpSug ‘oun sures ay ay "papH{[o> sjatjaq pue saanyyno se
‘arayauiaaa sea ayinig sodoad 1aypo pur suewoy ‘suoraig ‘s/n
‘s]2e_ ‘si>Iq Jo pue ‘suoMper] aunary ayp Woy saBew jo ang ‘e}
aanreu jo yuo 10U ‘xr e SurwOD9q Aq]eNpeAs sem pue|sug og
"SOObT a4p Ut souEIYD Jo s1aag aU PapuNo} 10 EUaqiaA aL
pautof s1aypO *(S996] 2tp Ul) aueasyy Jo ssty atp pur (so) [-pru ay
ut) aueypy ayp ‘(sog¢T aup ur paystyqeasa) ueg jo diysmoyjag axp se
Aep sip 02 aataans yorya Jo atuos ‘s199s JeNsUas Jo |RYpUEY B PaLLOy
Aayp ‘sariiaua yexpideur py s:puey au pur souaey ayp Aq uaeac,
‘uonednos0 uewoy at) SuuNp ure UT doUas1d & payst|qerss
— sunt] Aaa sit 01 uonresuas Surysnd Aq usuUuarYysiud SuTUIENe UF
(aaaq]aq [8 pur) paaaiaq oym sadeu — saew sneIs9g Ape
"sa]v19 puke SUNOD Je>0] dtp OUT saApasWIaYD SUL
Avasau! ssnauay ‘paseayd Aayp sraiaya UMOp paroyuny Ayduns
Saua}] Jo JPA) axp ‘ssoUZap]IA aup Ur SuoNs pourewia vuaqia,
yp apy ‘puey addn atp pjay suoy [ensapaqy-oioad ayp ‘puryayy
pur puejiug jo seare .paziiars, ay uy "Aepor Mouy, am soureu
atp Aq wayp 02 29J91 02 JaISea St_1¥ IN AA YpNs se UMOUY 3,UAIAM
suonipea | ayp 2eyp a10u pynoys | ‘spnay dn sns 01 ysnous otwoJod
auresaq AuOURW ayp ApUO WAL JO "PIP Auofeu ay "ysIny>
atp pauoddns soem snaydord ye 10u ysnoyy saniq axou mass
suoNsey aSeut ap usaNiag WSIS BUD ‘SJatfaq astaAtp 10} 9ouRI—|OI
Jenrur si aso] Ajenperd pue tpuans ur mvas3 yoyo atp sy
-aovad ul 29yp) oat] Pur ‘9e 2aneU oy YIN
soouetyye yenpiatpur pasioy Aayy "eysury aseq Jo spueyysrew ppl
atp pur ‘auysps0 {Jo s9a0o pur sare ayy YOOUNIEC] Jo s100U xe9]q,
ap isyqty puejdn ynorayp ow
paieanai siamo]o} Ata s1atp pue soSew ueseg "siaaarjaqun a10}9q
ypiSeur stay aanse1d 01 a]noyyIp 21 punoy suewreys weU [-TenNdes
ypiM-tpnay poruasardar smote soup akey sjneD pue suorg
Aueur os pasuiauos siaydoid ayy "puej3ug jo seare paejndod
dup Woy AeIpYIA o2 pois a19m\ sofeUr UEBE AULUU TE Os
panos suonejas ‘wea4 1eup yo pua axp Ag "avy pue suesed ‘sueUIEYs
Surkouue ‘axayatuoaa dn Surddod paueas 3 -somod §.9UG ay Jo
sjoqui4s quaurwosd Auew atp jo au0 21 apeur pur (,,uaut0 pod jo,,
Jo ,snoroidsne,, Surueau ‘uorssauyp pio yYo1H ay Jo UONEIAaqge
ue pue ‘ueSed AjjeurSiz0 ‘joquuds uensuys Area ue) joquids oyyy
TY Aumuas-parp atp parsaunsas sasew yaanyp ayp "Lop Aq
"1,upjnoys safeur axaya
Surat] Jo aouaTuaauooUT atp arepEDsa 01 — aysU sey] — eyood
nA ayy] ‘s1918421N INO qUAs sIy AjpeNdAa Nod ySnoyppe ‘paayoaut
aureoaq soumauios 9ey "suONAdWod JeNplArpuT UT Uayo ‘snieUL
{PIM pauem snew O,upip a1 uay/_ "payor a1 saumawos pur
‘oey au yin sdryspuayy sty Jo ayes ap 10} ‘sioydoud jeyoiBew

2

i)


sot] aseajau aysiu EP 210 | ay JO} faUURYD [oIstug aU UdA—d ‘sI9A
ap ‘oye] au Yoreaso1 No siornod JY JUAs ays *AuNaUAD e UY a10WL
404 "UOS JaY JO SSO] aUp ye y>ISULaY ‘parwanad eUIDED "Ay]eUL
1] aAatNIAI pjnoo ayes) JOU
atjaag sauyptau pur ‘sXep 40j Y>e]q sIONeM au SurUIN ‘suTEVUNOYY
ueuquies ay UE auUELg. Udy] ay OU ]]>} af ~pPUeY sJorUZeD
Woy HO] YeIg at payouy ewe ‘Jeg jeUY ayp Uj
jAvg a] URRIOWY MIP ‘sok — Avg a] URBLOWY aHJasUP) ap Aq,
podeniag seat ou uezoURe]C Jo doULId ay ‘Uos s,eUUaeD sea ae

asoyp SuOW'Y "Noo sty UT UY 9A19s J9AAIJOr WAY HUISNED‘91]99g

Aueu parueysua Sonuer "urewop sewed uaangy ‘Joo', Jo
wopsury aq urypEN A}peIDadsa ‘pue|3uq Oru JaA0 payjids Sunysy
autos ‘sae,A\ Ut AyeUtad papreg ayjaasup) pue arjaag ay4A\
"avy ppaudmg ayp jo uaanb se aoejd sty pauinsse BUIDeD,
udong) Yai] pue ‘poreaddesip — uypoyy sanqpay Bury soy 10u 10
saypaya 01 se sauea uorUIdo Ing ,"UIPaW, Se AEPOL WHY MOU aa
Sa] A\ UL ppaudm Jo Bury] YstHy "uIppudyy "ueBAq o10 | YeIG
ayp jose,\ ayp weep au axp anogy ‘SorueD aoung ayaasup ay
Jo UoIssassod ay UI sem 910 J AY] "ZEA 01M sSWOPHULY a1]9asUA)
pue ayjag ‘paoepinsa 210], ypejg aya Joye Ajrerpaunuy
dn poup st — puepoog ut ajaseg Surjng tpeauiag adAuo v jo
Jai UappHy e UL — ,99ejd udaI8 seap,, ‘NE se Pen y ay pue
"uappry sureuias ‘saye pg ut food atp ‘ouueLg "11 AonsaporsuareaTy
Jeur Aqueau & aotAias 01 aurjadid mau e 40} UoNeARDx—A Ing ‘T]>/K\
s,warpury "Ig Jo Sunzds pasoes ays awau ‘s}ja,A\, Ur sopisax puejsug
Ul Joog UOIg]Y ay2 IEP MOUY aq) "UIEIUG Jo [Je 490 saMOd
ead paquess st aarp [Je s[ONUOD OYA oy IU ples stat pue ‘saMod
Je1oads sey yaeq ‘purpsiug pue puepoog ‘soye x Ur sjood jey>1eur
Squa}uv aazyp Jo U0 st Jood siup wey MOLY P]NoYs SSUNPIYD NO,
"S| UF Joog UOIgLY axp Jo WoNog ayR ae dh pamoysa! 176 UE ING
‘pareaddestp o10 |. ypejgq yp ‘uonedno20 uewoy oyp SUNG,
"uoout |pny e
Sunnp upig Jo Wo} tp papunos ury yay e pun daays.or suewNY
Jo Sanuue ase pur av} UEYDUA ‘s]NOS [Lars [NOD 2u0 | ay ‘spuey,
1YBU ou UL AEE pres st ay sBULY a1Pa9sUP] aU asBUOWE parejnoiIo
240 | PUI ay payfeo samod awaus Jo wot aup ‘souNaUAD 104
"Sunnyaty passel jo yry dys
1ys1U e Aq ay sourAes ABBeID ‘aU Jo VOU sIassedson YIM pokey
ey SLOW AastU Seo 39e|q [eaouutd Jo suuopsury yep —ast may]
PIP 2 998UP) oy "urEIUG AnoYysnosp swOpsUry paystqease a1]9ag
ay Se Uday "99! Woy SIaYIp any ay] ‘AjfeonseIp paraytp sajdio
-ulid a1jaasup) pue atjaag ‘Burapung axp axoyaq UaAa "MON
SpuL]pIYY axp Ut ‘OyOUIG Jo WopZUry at se MOU AOU NOK TEA
‘pueyug wt oo 44 Jowopsiury ap yo pur saye /y ut pays josued pue
UueBiow|D josamipedioug yp ousang yar} paumosg sea ‘ueLUEC
ap eyeEN ayp Jo Wepuadsop weMp ‘eusaeD ‘WN IeyD IY
"uay uy ApYsn zou Yonus aiom suEyE peULAIUT INOK
Ang ‘Nos asUFEIE pouAM speLOUL atUOS se ‘shep asaUp SHEE [EAU UT
ssa] SOAASINOA aAJOAUT NO "Ised DDI aU Ut PaxDe] Afaios aA
no{ Surpiauios ‘suaanb ysiy pue sfury yay Aq pay swopsury
sa81e] O14! aud sare asaup INOYsNONp stHopjay payjonuo-oypIs
ap] ay ang ‘9]n4 YsyBug sapun puepoog pur saje\ Jo asuas
ayy UE pamtun 1ou SwopSury parun e Jo HunPauuos oUt soajasinod
azjueaio 0} ueBaq nox aM owes ay Ie ang "BuULANeYS ay)
joarpeuatp yun ‘Ayqudaoiadun ‘papey A} moys 9mod aey ‘susopsury
UaAas SUOXEG ay Jo TUaUIYsI|qeIs ay AYE ‘ase AuE Up


son. They searched England's Midlands, poked around Kent, even
went as far north as Aberdeen, but no luck. Caerna languished.

Age of che Cages

England's Age of Mages began building up steam in the 200s,
as the Celestial prophets founded Glastonbury Abbey (later asso
ciated with the Isle of Avalon, the last resting place of King Arthur
and the Holy Grail).

The at mage Bonisagus officially founded the Houses of
Hermes in 767 and began to establish Covenants — the mage
equivalent of your freeholds across England. The Houses
attracted mages seeking solitude and esoteric knowledge not
available on the continent. Many proto- Verbena joined the Her
metic Houses of Diedne, Bjornaer, Merinita and Ex Miscellanea
Many other peasant mages remained aloof from the Order, and
often battled with its members as the Dark Ages wore on

House Diedne and the Kingdom of Heather established the
first fae-mages treaty in Britain in 922. But many other houses, which
were prone to politics then as the Order is today, saw Dedne as a
threat. In 1012, rival houses pursued individual Diedne mages
throughout England and the farreaches of Wales and Scotland. Most
were killed, butsome, including its leaders, escaped. It's said that the
fae of the Kingdom of Heather ushered them out of harm's way,
perhaps even to Arcadia, via trods. It's also said that the leaders of
House Diedne bide their time there, awaiting a perfect moment for
revengeon the Hermetics. Don't gulpsoloualy, Professor widmarch
~ Diednehad nothingagainst Merinita Twidmarch's House helped
defend House Diedne during the extermination, but to no avail

Age of the CDages
700s Proto-Celestial Chorus founds Glastonbury Abbey
(later associated with Avalon).

730-821 King Offa builds a dike along Mercia-Wales border.
Mercia strong at this time.

767 Houses (later Order) of Hermes founded by
Bonisagus; covenants established across the islands,
First Viking raids.
13th House of the Order of Hermes, Ex Miscellanea,
established

878 King Alfred defeats Vikings, but allows them to
settle eastern England.

879+ Germanic proto-Verbena, early Hermetics settle in
the islands throughout the Dark Ages. In the mis-
sionary period of the Dark Ages, both Hermetics and
Celestials become far more prevalent, and establish
strongholds throughout the lower islands.
First treaty established between Dedne mages of the
Order of Hermes and the fae Kingdom of Heather
over land use in northern England,
Battle of Carniog's Doom. Fae Queen Caema rules
Glamorgan, Dyfed, and the Kingdom of Wool.
Hermetic houses declare open war on House Diedne
of the Order of Hermes, Individuals are pursued and
destroyed throughout Britain; House disbanded.


, 80 I'll not belabor it. The upshot is
that the battle left Carniog dead, Caerna ruling the united Welsh
principalities as high queen, and the fae of the Kingdom of Wool
feeling increasingly forgotten as Caerna focused her attentions on
Wales. This feeling grew ever worse as the decades wore on...

The Glascondury Compact

Almost a century after the death of her son, High Queen
Caerna, the Ageless One, began to ail. After she proclaimed her
interest in leaving for Arcadia, her courtiers in the Kingdom of Wool
and in Powys, which she now also owned, began to jockey for the
throne. Worse, European mages — particularly the church prophets
—were overrunning the places of magick in England, forcing more
and more fae to withdraw from the Kingdom of Wool. By 1075,
almost decade after the Battle of Hastings, small skirmishes between
mages (and not just the Celestials) and fae began to arise. Chances
looked grim for further concords between us.

Thus, the Glastonbury Compact of 1102 was more a matter
of good fortune than rational intent. Glastonbury Abbey had been
built upon the Arch of Diénwy, sacred to certain Breton tribes
before the Roman invasion. Itissaid that the pagan blood spilt over
the Celestials' Glastonbury Abbey salted the earth so that no
flowers, except for a cutting from the Black Rose of Moronwy,
would grow there. Rumors spread that monks had buried a chalice
filled with the ancient pagan blood of the Wyck beneath the abbey.
These rumors were probably later bastardized into the legend that
the Holy Grail resided there.

Rumors are not always harmless. Legend tells us that a
nascent covenant of undead sorcerers called the Tremere heard of
the chalice in the late-1 Ith century, and vowed to possess the area
for its associations with blood magick. The vampiric sorcerers
arrived during the frigid winter of 1101, and monks at the abbey
slowly began to die. Months passed, and townspeople were found
bloodless on deserted paths at the edge of town.

Church prophets sought out nearby covens of Verbena and
individual fae for help in eradicating these sorcerers. These groups
signed the Glastonbury Compact, a truce that, in exchange for fae
assistance, forbade mages from stealing fae land. Using Seelie spies,
the proto-Celestials located the sorcerers' havens and destroyed
the last of them in 1105. Soon after, mages and fae fell back into
their old patterns of distrust, although they never violated the
compact.

Asaside note for those of you who study the history of mages
(for those of you who don't, this won't make a bit of sense), note
that before the mid-1100s, there were no Craftmasons; until 1325,
there was no Order of Reason. Before 1458, there were no Tradi-
tions as such. Of the organized mages from foreign lands — the
groups that became the Akashic Brotherhood, Ahl-i-Batin,
Euthanatos and Dreamspeakers — most representatives didn't
comenear Great Britain forcenturies. The proto-Solificatiemerged
in England during the 1200s; the original Sons of Ether (the
Electrodine Engineers) formed in Paris in 1866, although lone
magickal tinkers had worked in England since the late Renais-
sance. The Virtual Adepts, of course, would not appear until the
late 1800s, as the Difference Engineers. The early Hollow Ones

Isle of che COighzy

The Glascondury Compace

1024 Fae Queen Caerna falls ill and her court disintegrates.
1042 Anglo-Saxon Edward the Confessor crowned king.
1066 Battle of Hastings. William of Normandy crowned
king. Welsh battle for independence (giving rise to
numerous castles, many owned by mages and noble
fae).
Hereward the Wake, Anglo-Saxon resistance leader,
defeated at Ely.
Mages and fae increasingly vie for places of power
(Nodes).
All England subdued under Norman rule.
Robert FitzHamon, knight of William the Con-
queror, given land in Cardiff. Builds Norman fort,
Glastonbury Compact signed: Church and Celtic
mages ally with Kingdom of Mist in heroic effort to
‘oust undead sorcerers who seek Glastonbury for its
associations with blood magick.
Henry II demolishes castles, levies taxes against bar-
cons in exchange for military service.
Henry Il's knights murder Thomas & Becket, Arch.
bishop of Canterbury:
Queen Eleanor poisons Fair Rosamund, Henry II's
mistress. The Rosa Mundi is a rose variety in
Gardens of the Rose (Chiswell Green,
Hertfordshire) named after Rosamund.
King Richard "the Lionheart" imprisoned in Ger-
many; Prince John tries to take throne; in
Nottinghamshire, Robert of Locksley ("Robin
Hood") and his Merry Men work to protect Richard's
claim.
Barons compel King John to sign the Magna Carta,
The Loss at Grimsfen Tor: Under Caerna, fae fight
mages who seek Nodes; both sides in turn defeated
by emerging scientific mages.

actually grew out of the Romantic Era of the late 1700s to early
1800s, and their kind were quite popular (underground, of course)
in England during the Victorian years.

Back to 1215. At this time, Hermetics, particularly of House
Quaesitor, sought new Nodes for their rapidly growing English
membership. These mages had never signed the Glastonbury
Compact, which shows you how mages of that time (and even
today) almost never worked as one.

One of these Nodes, particularly powerfulandancient faerie
mound at Grimsfen Tor in the Midlands, caught the Hermetics'
eyes. They moved to take it, but it was successfully defended by the
Seelie under High Queen Caerna. Now, centuries of political
infighting had weakened the Seelie courts throughout the King-
dom of Wool and Caema's Welsh kingdoms. Caea could not
y losses. Despite deep misgiv-
ings, she appealed to an Unseelie court at Nottingham that owed
her favors, and its warriors arrived just when Caerna thought all

rouse a timely defense and took h


was lost. Together they managed to fend off the Hermetics, but at
dusk of that glorious day, both camps —fae and mages alike — were
devastated by the unexpected arrival of a group of scientific mages

the forerunners of the Technocracy. With cannons and explo:
sions, they took Grimsfen Tor and routed the defenders.

The loss of the stra ally located Grimsfen Tor shattered
Caerna's hold on the Ki m_ of Wool. Many court sidhe,
knowing this, immediately left the battlesite for Arcadia — and
Caerna simply disappeared.

lhe Shaccering
Great changes for both mages and fae came in the late 1200s
and 1300s, which we all still endure. We willworkers know that
reality is subjective — that if enough people believe the world
works a certain way, then it does. The Order of Reason, founded in
1325, dedicated itself to spreading the doctrines of scientific
learning. These doctrines forbade the existence of magick, and
slowly, over the next three or four centuries, magick became harder
Now, did this "c ge of pal " cause the Shattering?
Professor Twidmarch's timeline might have it so, but | personally
am not willing to crawl out on that particular limb. We do
that the Black Death made terrible depredations among be
mages, who died, and the fae, who fled to Arcadia,

The Shaccering
1230s Great wizard and scholar Roger Bacon (later of
the Order of Hermes) flourishes
1256 First Parliament that includes ordinary citizens.
1282 Edward I conquers Wales
1296 William Wallace begins wat for Scottish inde-

pendence, defeating Edward I when he invades
Scotland. Edward I seizes Stone of Destiny from
Scone and takes it to Westminster Abbey.

William e defeats English atStirlingBridge.

Scots, led by Robert the Bruce, defeat English at

the Battle of Bannockbum,

Convention of the White Tower and rise of the

Order of Reason. Persecution of non-Conven-

tion mages begins.

The Shattering; the Black Death; noble fae and
, while others undergo The

Changeling Way. Gates to Arcadia close. Para-

digm begins to change.

1349-1969 Interregnum. Commoner fi arn to rule them-
selves, become wanderers, appear as freaks and
madmen to humans.

1352+  TheAllliance:Seelieand Unseelie cease hostilities.

1415 English victory over France at Agincourt

1424 Ki es changeling court in Kingdom

Border wars between Kingdom of Wool
later Kingdom of Smoke) and the
sh fae's Kingdom of Three Hills.


My own group, the Verbena, is most skilled of all the
Traditions in the magick of Life. This skill lets us resist the plagues
better than some other groups. I suspect this is one reason we
Verbena today are somewhat better informed than other Tradi-
tions about the fae. Those of us wise in your ways survived to pass
along the lore to descendants, whereas other Traditions had fewer
survivors from that time. That's my guess, at any rate.

In the early 1400s, the army of England's Henry V scored a
tremendous victory over the French at Agincourt, where France,
which outnumbered Henry's forces six to one, lost 10,000 men
against a few hundred English losses. This marked a rise in

's power in Europe. In happier times the fae kingdoms

grown correspondingly strong. But in the first century

of the Interregnum, the kingdoms were weak. The Alliance put to

rest the long struggle between Seelie and Unseelie courts — yet
even so, the kingdoms found plenty to squabble over.

The Kingdom of Smoke, for you childlings, occupies the
Midlands of England, just south of this kingdom. Before the
Industrial Revolution of the last century, this was the Kingdom of
Wool; in 1424 there were more sheep there than people, and far
more people than fae. King Albion was a nocker commoner who
had seized the empty throne through nerve and a certain low
cunning. He had designs on all England, and Scotland too. Albion
provoked war across his northern border with the Kingdom of
Three Hills — I believe the pretext was Queen Mope's failure to
invite Albion to a private tea party — and there followed three
decades of pointless border wars.

At last, Albion sent forth a small band of loyal followers to
enter enemy territory and circulate an unusual offer. Albion
promised a large fortune in Dross to any Kithain who would bring
him a single strand of Queen Mope's red hair. After a month, one
disgruntled sluagh in Mope's court brought Albion a long strand of
hair, which the sluagh had stolen from the brush in the royal
boudoir. King Albion rubbed his hands in satisfaction, paid the
reward, called in certain minor Crafters he knew among the
humans, and set to work.

With spellsand Glamour, the king spun the hair to the length
of Hadrian's Wall, or so the story goes. Then he and a team of

veavers wove it into the form of a griffin, and by powerful cantrips
he brought the creature to life asa chimera. "Pursue Queen Mope!"

CUyngardes QDarch

1435-1441 The infamous Order of Reason Crusader General
Christopher Wyndgarde of the True Cross leaves
swath of destruction during so-called
"Wyndgarde's March."

Verbena Master Nightshade destroys Wyndgarde
in battle. "Decade of the Hunt" begins. Individual
groups of fae and mages hunt down Wyndgarde's
allies who escaped from final battle of
Wyndgarde's March,

End of Hundred Years' War against France.
England's Seelie and Unseelie courts are frac-
tured and weak. Sidhe are gone.

1442-1452

Isle of che CDighzy

he commanded it. Woven as it was from Mope's own hair, the
griffin knew at once Queen Mope's whereabouts, and it immedi-
ately flew forth to chase her. The creature found her in her palace
rousted her from it in a panic, and chased her across the moors.
Some say it is still chasing her.

King Albion offered the bereft Kingdom of Three Hills a
truce on terms very favorable to himself. This marked his rise to
power — though the power to be had among the fae in those dark
times was vanishingly small.

Cyndgardes CDarch

The Wyndgarde episode is remarkable not only for the
ferocity of battle on both sides, but because —so far as I can tell —
it marked one of the few episodes of cooperation between mages
and fae until modern times.

Christopher Wyndgarde of the True
fanatic who despised e' ‘supernatural" person, creature, place or
occurrence on Earth. Despite his furious f

ross was a frothing

icism, or perhaps
power. With it, and
with an undeniable personal charisma, he had risen to high influence

because of it, he achieved tremendous magick:

in the Order of Reason. Some accounts have it that Wyndgarde had
previously been a mystic within the more tolerant church faction
that later became the Celestial Chorus. If you ask me, I'd say the
tolerance levels of the Order of Reason and the Choristers were not
widely different at that time, and maybe not real wide today. But the
point is probably moot.

The long period of mayhem we now describe as Wyndgarde's
March began on Midsummer Night, 1435, when General
Wyndgarde led an attack ona Verbena blood rite in the wilderness
outside Harrogate in North Yorkshire. Several Craftmason mages
and a squad of Templars, the Order's foot soldiers, moved in
without warning with flintlocks and fireballs. They killed every
living being there, save for the coven leader, Nightshade.

Nightshade would later become the greatest witch of our
Tradition's long history, easily capable of stopping any number of
lesser mages in their tracks. But at this time she had not yet
achieved such power, and she barely escaped the assault. What's
more, she was gravely wounded, and she spent the next several
months healing in a Highland cavern. Meanwhile, Wyndgarde
escalated his crusade.

The March destroyed most magickal records of that time, but
we do know that Wyndgarde killed many mages and fae in the first
days after the Harrogate attack. He leveled covenants, farms,

Nodes, freeholds, villages and hermits' caves — and their occu-
pants. The March took him across England and into Wales, while
many of his "holy" troops swept across western and parts of eastern
Europe. From Wales, Wyndgarde set sail across the Irish Sea at
Holyhead and landed in Dublin a week later, fighting inclement
weather conjured by the faerie sea folk of Caernarfon.

Prepared forthe onslaught of Wyndgarde's troops, many of the
mages and changelings of Ireland were waiting outside Dublin in
the hills near Newry. Nightshade had recovered by this time, and
had been busily constructing what would later be called The
Council of Nine. The year 1442, however, wasa year forsettling old
scores. Nightshade arrived in the village a few hours before

Wyndgarde and his troops.


As the holy crusaders marched through the hills on their way
to Belfast, a faerie army and a company of mages and their "grogs,"
or soldiers and servants, ambushed them from all sides. It was a
glorious sight: troll steel slicing crusaders' flesh, shamans' fire
searing soldiers, redcap teeth flashing in the sun. Nockersand even
humble boggans stood atop the hills working catapults. Pooka
mooched soldiers' shoes and small pieces of their armor. Still, we
were outnumbered and outmatched, and the tide of battle turned
against us. Wyndgarde's mages felled many of our own that night
with their searing white fire.

Seeing this, the tired Nightshade fortified our troops with
warmth and dark-sight, then called a magickal bli
Wyndgarde's troops. Nightshade's company and the fae retreated
further into the hills where they were fed hot meals and given

rd down upon

comfortable beds by several friendly motleys of boggans who lived
nearby.

Inthe meantime, the blizzard confounded Wyndgarde's men.
Most of the army froze to death. Wyndgarde tried to warm them,
but his magick gave away his location to Nightshade; she attacked
in surprise and slew him in single combat. Of the few soldiers who
staggered away and found shelter, some later set up monasteries,
churches and farms. Others returned with reports to the rest of
Wyndgarde's army in Britain and Europe.

The following day, the so-called "Decade of the Hunt" began,
a bloodthirsty hunt of retribution ensuring that Wyndgarde's men
were wiped from the face of the Earth. Mages and fae thre
Great Britain and Ireland participated; a single report of a survivor
in their area could set motleys and covenants hunting for days. By
1452, most British mages and Kithain were satisfied that they had
obliterated Wyndgarde's legacy. Those who weren't probably
continue hunting to this day.

The Grand Convocation

I must admit a certain admiration for King Albion. He was

only a middling ruler, at least as High Lady Ellyndil explains it to
me. But Albion had a definite genius for staying in power by
keeping three jumps ab
manipulation, subtly encouraging rivals to undermine oneanother
rather than his own power. That'sa tricky business, but Albion and
his line did it for most of five

of all opposition. He managed by

nturies.

The story Ilike to tell —probably you fair folk have heard this
adozen times, but it's my lecture, so I'm telling it again —concerns
what I call the Celebrated Jumping Boggan of Sussex County

King Albion had made it known that a courtier who sought
his favor must undertake a task or competition. I believe Albion
himself selected these tasks for maximum mischief, but he always
claimed that his ministers determined them — which, of course,
was a fine way to set the courtiers against the ministers, and the
ministers against one another. Senior managers at major corpora-
tions use the same tactics today.

One day, two rival boggans in Albion's court asked the king to
resolve a dispute concerning ownership of an Everfolding Box. Both
held influence over powerful factions at court. The king wanted to
look good to both leaders, but wanted neither to have the Treasure.

He commanded the two boggans to engage in a jumping contest at

The Grand Convocation

1457-66 Grand Convocation in Horizon Realm. Nine Tra-

ditions named and codified.

Fellowship of Pan (Cult of Ecstasy) established in

private club outside London.

1513 _ English defeat Scots at Flodden.

1514 Fae High King Albion defeats Prince Paridell of
Three Hills at the Battle of Cheviot. Boundaries of
English Kingdoms of Heather and Tears estab-
lished. Kingdom of Heather bestowed on Princess
Molly, Kingdom of Tears on Baedin Orthwell. Era
of political backbiting in fae courts begins.

1535 Wales unites with English crown,

1544 Kingdom of Mist established, given to Donwegan.

1545 The Twilight Time: political infighting among
English fae kingdoms for High King Albion's favor.

1500s

noon the next day. Whoever could jump higher, the king said,
would earn the box. You can understand the atmosphere and
customs that prevailed at court when you hear that both boggans
took this command perfectly seriously

One boggan, Cedric Longelbow, was an honest fellow — at
least, as courtiers go — and had fine athletic ability. He expected
to win, if the contest went fairly. But Cedric knew that his rival,
Devin Twelvefinger, was an Unseelie rascal, and at times a
scoundrel. Devin had no jumping ability to speak of, so Cedric
expected that Devin would try trickery

The night before the contest, Cedric stayed up guarding his
good leather boots, for fear that Devin would putan enchantment
upon them and weigh Cedric down. Cedric also got all his boggan
friends and relations to watch Devin's quarters closely. They
listened for spells and sensed for Glamour. Nothing. The supposed
rogue Devin satalone in his chambers, read scrolls, went to bed and
slept soundly.

What Cedric and the other boggans didn't realize was that
the alleged "Devin" was an impostor: one of Devin's cronies,
enchanted to look like Devin. Meanwhile, the real Devin was out
at the tournament ground, casting a Glamour on the soil.

The next day at noon, Cedric was exhausted, yet still confi-
dent that he could beat any un-Glamoured jump Devin could
m All the court gathered to watch, and the high king entered
with trumpets sounding and pennons flapping. He signaled for the
contest to begin, and Cedric leaped high up in the air. Rather, he
tried to leap — but the enchanted ground attracted him like a
magnet. He hit the dirt like a meteor and broke both legs.

Meanwhile, Devin prepared his own leap, for which he had
carefully rendered himself immune to his own Glamour. But when
he jumped, Devin was astonished to discover that some unknown.
third agent had been at work with still another enchantment.
When Devin jumped, he rose high, high in the air, so high he was
lost in the clouds. People heard his screams of panic, but whether
he ever came down, no one ever discovered. For all I know, he may
be ready to fall any day now.

Chapzer One: Fiscory of England


Even in his agony, Cedric tried to claim the box. But King
Albion decreed that because both contestants had evidently used
Glamour, the contest was void, and he himself claimed the box.
Cedric and Devin's two factions immediately accused one another
of duplicity, and the feud weakened both sides for a decade to come
Even then most people believed, as we believe today, that King
Albion himself must have cast the Glamour that surprised Devin,
and a brave few dared to raise the possibility then. To respond to the
accusations, Albion tried and imprisoned a few hapless pooka whom
he always kept around his court for just such occasions. That, too, is
a technique you'll see among major corporate managers today

The Renaissance

Elizabeth I, just about the most politically savvy ruler England
ever had, ascended to the throne in 1558. If her other name, the
"Faerie Queen," didn't describe her appearance — which, believe
me, it didn't, unless she was a redcap — begging your pardon, Sir
Bloodtooth — it certainly described her uncanny ability to enchant
her courtiers and her adroitness when politicking with her rivals.

Acabout the same time Elizabeth was crowned, King Albion
of the f
that time, the kingdom stretched north from London to Oxbridge
dy Ellyndil tells
me that chimera didn't exist before Banality began to invade in

court decided to divvy up the Kingdom of Roses. At
and south to the coast near Southampton. Now
earnest during the 16th century. In 1550, chimera had just begun
to plague British changelings, sea monsters being among the most

common (individual, custom-made chimera were to arrive much
listening blue

later). One particular monster, a sea serpent with

s and a forked tongue, that was dubbed Scaletongue, was
making quite a nuisance of itself off the coast of Southampton. It

The Renaissance

1558 Elizabeth I crowned.

1564-1616 Shakespeare.

1560 Fiefdom of lvory'sboundariesestablished; stew-
ardship of fiefdom bestowed on the eshu Lord
Benin.

routinely capsized changeling fishing nobbies and delighted in
chasing and crushing royal caravels. Albion's subjects began to
complain, and Albion himself became irritated at the prospect of
curtailing his sailing trips on pleasant days.

Moreover, foreign fae, many with Unseelie tendencies, had
been landing in England of late. With many responsibilities and
intrigues to track, Lord Albion came to the conclusion that
elevating a courtier to lordship with the duty of watching the coast
would be an efficient way of handling the problem.

Other reasons moved the king to divide the Kingdom of Roses.
He was tiring of politicking at "South Court," as the court in
Southampton was known, for the courtiers there were boors and the
politics itself wasn't much of a challenge.

Thus, in 1560, King Albion established a new territory over
which he presided as high king: the Fiefdom of Ivory, so named after
its rolling downs of chalk. The cleverest of the courtiers living there
at the time was the eshu Benin, a talented storyteller, excellent at
politicking, and a wise decision maker. Albion raised Benin to lord
and commanded him to monitor the coast. This pleased Benin, for

it allowed him to travel along the coast as much as he liked.


Theseaserpent problem, by the way, didn'tabate until the late
1700s, despite hunting parties, but the serpents themselves moved

further offshore with each passing year.

Seccling of che New Worid

Britain was starting to feel crowded. Perhaps you fae were

already feeling it, as the Twilight Time fell upon you, and your
courts descended into an era of political backbiting and betrayal
Mages were just starting to feel it. Hermetics, Verbena and the
Fellowship of Pan (of the Cult of Ecstasy) all vied for Nodes as the
Order of Reason slowly pulled them from the Traditions' grasp.

Years earlier, the proto- Tradition mages had donated their own
Nodes to the Traditions as a whole in order to create a magickal
Realm called Horizon. Now, with the increasing shortage of Nodes
mages across Britain regretted their decision. Political battles erupted
in Horizon overwho was tosafeguard huge Nodessuch as Stonehenge,
Chalice Hill and Glastonbury Tor. More often than not, the
Hermetics won out

One unsolved mystery regards a Node in New Forest, the
primeval oak forest in Hampshire which was the favorite hunting
grounds of the Norman kings. Called the Pool of Kings, the Node

Seccling of che New World

1620 Pilgrims sail to New England.
Order of Hermes, Verbena and Fellowship of Pan vie for
possession of Nodes, especially those earlier dedicated to
Horizon. The Pool of Kings disappears mysteriously.
Peace tribunal in Horizon Realm. Some English mages
attend.

consisted of a small pool of black water that reflected the night sky
and its fiery stars even during the day. Itis said thata king or queen
who gazed into the pool would see the reflected stars form the
profiles of would-be assassins and the moon form the profiles of
future lovers. It is also said that the pool turned crystal clear in the
presence of a noble ruler.

The Verbena who guarded the Node, a cabal known as the

risked death if the king's men caught

thorny barrier grew around the Pool of Kings that prevented all but
the smallest and most persistent from reaching it. The oaks nearthe
pool thought and walked, shifting forest paths to easily redirect
mundane travelers away from the Node. With these protective
measures, the Verbena caretakers felt comfortable leaving the
Node alone in order to patrol New Forest. One day, when the
Fidfios mages returned, the Node was gone. It was simply not there
The oaks were ordinary trees, the thorny barrier had vanished, and
where the pool had been — just an untrampled clearing.

Needless to say, the Fidfios and half a dozen other Verbena
cabals throughout England investigated. They turned up nothing
but a small silver ring bearing the word "Luna."

The Rise of che Order of Reason

Like a shadow at dusk, the Order of Reason strengthened and
spread. Despite its growing potence, it was not immune to schism. A
nasty split between the Craftmasons and the other Conventions had
begun in St. George's Hill in 1649, when a socialistic commune
dubbed, "the Diggers" incurred the wrath of the local landowners.
The Craftmasons, already estranged by the Order of Reason's turn
away from its original socialistic intentions, supported the Diggers.

Chapcer One: Discory of England


English Civil War.

Schism between Craftmasons and other Con-
ventions begins.

Cromwell rules as Lord Protector.

Monarchy reestablished under Charles II.
Great Plague/Great Fire of London.

Order of Reason destroys the Craftmasons after
30 years of support for "the Diggers."

Scoté rally to the Sauarts during the Glorious
Revolution. William of Orange crowned king.
Act of Union between Scotland/England.

First Prime Minister.

The Acharne (Cult of Ecstasy) established.
Seven Years War.

American Declaration of Independen

First steam locomotive, New Castle, built by
British inventor Richard Trevithick.

British defeat Napoleon at Battle of Trafalgar.
Abolition of British slave trade.

Male property owners allowed to vote.

Factory Act Children cannot be employed more
than 48 hours per week.

Tolpuddle Martyrs sent to Australia for forming
union. Later, minor "criminals" sentto Australi
among them a few trolls who later establish a
freehold in Perth and mingle with Aboriginal
Dreamspeakers.

The rest of the Order supported the landownersand the Crown. The
showdown ended badly, and the Craftmasons fell away from the
Order. By 1670, a full-blown purge wiped the group from the Earth

A century and a half later came the Tolpuddle Martyrs. The
treatment of these unionists opened the way for more "criminal"
exiles, among them the so-called, "Tolpuddle Trolls." The trolls
weren't involved in the original union incident, but soon adopted
the name because it so nearly coincided with the date of the
Martyrs' exile. Sent to Australia, the Tolpuddle Trolls set up a
freehold and settled into their new lives there

A group of Aboriginal shamans sensed a disturbance in the
Dreaming, and their investigation led them to the freehold, which
the troll Kithain had built on one of the Aborigines' Nodes. After
a brief argument over territory, both sides, being peaceful by
inclination, agreed to sit down and talk. One shaman began
playing a didgeridoo, and apparently one of the trolls was a Scots
highlander and had somehow fashioned a bagpipe. They began a
good-natured competition — just thinking about the sounds of
that concert sends shivers up my spine — and before long, trolls
and Dreamspeal

ode.

rs had become fast friends. They still share that

That Australian episode made little impact on history — but
the Perth encounter between trolls and Dreamspeakers, though

Isle of che CDighcy

unremarkable in itself, set the tone for peaceful contact between
fae and mages — an example I hope we here, in this freehold

follow in the years to come!

,
The Reign of Victoria

Ah, yes. Victoria. W
Technocratic Sphere magick? Wel, no. She did, however, alter

she a mage? Yes and no. Did she use

the world's paradigm through sheer force of personality, and that
makes you a mage of some degree whether or not you call what you
do "magick." Victoria took Britain's growing international influ-
ence in hand to polish a creaking Order of Reason into the modem
Technocracy — in the name of Britannia, of course. Many of her
advisors and underlings (1 can't name names and posts, but we can
assume a lot) were dedicated Technocrats, but it's important to
n they did not manipulate her, she manipulated them — to say
nothing of her hold on the heads of state across Europe.

Now, you can probably guess that Victoria's era was a pretty
banal time, what with pollution, overcrowding and vice. To the
extent that these weakened the English industrial machine, Her
Majesty pressed for occasional reforms, but she remained blind to
the greater danger.

By the late 1800s, the old Inner Circle realized that the
existing Order of Reason was obsolete, unstable and inefficient
Enter Victoria and her advisors. In 1885, through her force of will,
Victoria established a "Grand Cabinet of World Government"
which, in 1900, became the Inner Circle of the newborn Techno-
cratic Union. To avoid causing waves and alerting enemies, the
news was circulated slowly and with plenty of misinformation to
keep spies off guard.

The late 1800s and early 1900s were unstable times for the
Technocrats: The Traditions were surging out of centuries of
inertia. The common folk had grown leery of industry, and many
had turned to spiritualism, communism and religious fanaticism.
Slums had spread, resources diminished, and crime, protests and
disease increased. Some, within the Inner Circle, felt the Fallen
Ones were behind this disintegration, and they were halfright. The
Nephandi were there in the slums of Spittalfieldsand Whitechapel,
though they hadn't caused the mess. Something had to be done,
and reorganization undera tighter, more ruthless leadership seemed
to be a good start

Was ruthless leadership a good move? As you can see, it was
and it wasn't. When Victoria died in 1901, the Inner Circle took
control; it dropped her reforms, and industry surged forward. The
Sons of Ether quickly defected, leaving Iteration X and the
Difference Engineers in control of mechanical innovation. The
death of Victoria and the resulting escalation into World War |
seemed like an opportunity, but it turned into a nightmare on the
battlefields of Europe. Many Technocrats questioned the war
machines' morality, much to Iteration X's collective annoyance —
if you'd asked them, they'd have told you that no one appreciates
good workmanship any more!

You fae never had any question about the First World War.
I gather that everyone among the Kithain decided pretty early on
toretreat from the world into your freeholds or your seemings. If the
Traditions, let alone the Technocracy, had only kept in better
touch with you over the centuries, we would have noted your


The Reign of Viccoria

1837 Victoria crowned Queen of Great Britain at 18
years old; the Cabal of Pure Thought disbands its
foot soldiers (the Templars), replacing them with
rifleandcannon brigades (and occasionally stranger
things) courtesy of the Artificers, who take up
where the Craftmasons left off in 1649.

1854-56 Britain beats Russia in Crimean War.

1863 London Underground opened.

1868 Benjamin Disraeli becomes prime minister, then

again from 1874-1880.

William Gladstone becomes prime minister, then

again from 1880-1885.

1870 Hermetics pull strings in government to pass Edu-
cation Act, making school compulsory for chil-
dren up to age 11.

1877 Queen Victoria becomes Empress of India.

1880s

1868-74

Rows of cheap houses built to accommodate in-

dustrial workers; disease and discontent spread;

Newcastle, Spittalfields, Manchester and

Whitechapel slums become notorious for their

awful conditions.

1884 Telephones are introduced.

1885 Establishment of the Grand Cabinet of World

Government.

Era of Sleeper spiritualism begins, helping Tradi-

tions nudge the paradigm further in their favor,

1899-1902 Britain wins Boer War.

1900 ‘The Order of Reason is reborn as the Techno-
cratic Union. Inner Circle established.

1901 Queen Victoria dies; Inner Circle takes control.

1905 Sons of Ether defect from Technocracy to join the

Traditions.

World War I. Fae retreat until war's end.

1890s

1914-18

retreatasan ominous sign, and perhaps we mighthave moved more
quickly to develop anti-war sentiment on both sides of that idiotic
turf war,

(World War Il

The Sleepers say that Great Britain's stand
evil was its finest hour. The war was very nearly the finest hour of
the Technocracy as well, the point where the leadership seemed

ainst the Nazi

almost ready to recognize that its own policies had brought Europe
and Asia to ruin, and to repent. But that fine impulse died as the
A-bombs exploded over Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

Of course, by 1945 the Technocrats already had nuclear
weapons under wraps for a generation. Whether to let them out —
to make the atom bomb part of consensual reality — must have

cd a tremendous ideological split within the Inner Circle. |
can only speculate about what went on behind the scenes, but
obviously the American faction finally did the deed on its own.

(Worid War Il

1920 The Great Depression begins.

1924 First Labour government.

1936 First scheduled TV begins.

1939-45. World Warlll. Traditions briefly ally with Technoc-
racy to eliminate Nephandic threat. Fae retreat to
freeholds,

1946 Fae return from retreat. Alliance between Tradi-

tions and Technocracy dissolved and disavowed.

Technocratic power base shifts from England to

United States and (1960-80) Japan and Germany.

1956 Suez Crisis: Nasser nationalizes canal, catalyzing
invasion by Great Britain, Istael and France.

1950s

This marked the rise of the North American Technocracy, and the
accompanying decline of the British faction.

After nuclear weapons entered consensus reality, the Tech

if ic tolerated the Tradition mages, then we

tably develop the Bomb. Toa Technocrat, this

sounded like giving a flamethrower to

mystics would ine
well, let's say to one of
those pooka there, throwing spitballs in the back row. Imagine
that!

As for the fae, World War II marked another worldwide
escape into frecholds or into mundane seemings. Oh yes, we can
scare up a few stray reports of redcaps hitting remote military
outposts and munchingon grenades, that sort of thing. Buteven we
foolish mortals can see that there aren't many environments less
suitable for the fair folk than world wars.

Britain's Technocratic leadership rallied before and during
World War Il, but fell into disfavor after the war ended. The
balance of power within the Technocracy shifted away from
England and off to the United States, Japan and reborn Germany.
Few British Technocrats understand why, but they don't like the
irony that theiroldenemiesandcolonieshave replaced themat the
top.

The Car of Ivy

The fair Lady Ellyndil tells me that the War of Ivy over here
never descended to the sometimes brutal level it reached overseas
during the Accordance War in the Summer Lands. I don't doubt
her. The fair folk founded their kingdoms here, before spreading
across the world; the rulers of this Isle of the Mighty have a deep
kinship with this land and its people. In America, the commoners
wanted to overthrow the nobility; here in England, I take it, you
citizens just wanted, within the existing system, the rights due any
decent, thinking beings. That said, I believe our friends in Scotland
and Wales had differing views, but I'm not the one to talk about
those.

At any rate, I don't need to describe the war's outcome in
detail, here among so many of its campaigners. I will say that
wherever the deposed King Albion has wandered, in his exile, he
must know that he brought his sad fate upon himself, Furthermore,
Thave always found Lady Ellyndil acharminghost, and in the same

Chapzer One: Miscory of England


The Car of Ivy

Kiss of Astarte (Cult of Ecstasy) established in
Britain. "Swinging London" era: Beatles, Rolling
Stones, miniskirts, etc.

1965 Death penalty abolished in Britain.

1969 The Resurgence: humans walk on Moon; lost trods,
pathways, frecholds restored. Noble fae return to
Earth, renew contacts with some mages.

1970-73 The War of Ivy: fae nobles vs. commoners. Resul
‘Through resources and power, English sidhe pre-
dominate in Englandand Wales.

way, the people of this kingdom have always welcomed me politely
and pleasantly; | am glad that, in my view, both parties have won.

The Secching

I suppose that with all the other chaos going on nowadays, it's
only likely that House Diedne might decide to pop back into
reality. I've tried to track down the rumors of their sightings, with
not much success. Maybe it's an urban legend — or in this case a
rural legend, because all the sightings of these supposed Diedne
mages took place deep in British or European forests.

Each rumor says that one or more men and women wearing
bizarre robes appeared, ‘as if by magic," somewhere in the New
Forest just north of Bournemouth on the Channel coast...or in the
Black Forest of northern Germany. ..or near a stand of oak trees in
Brittany, which has hardly any woods left to speak of. These
mysterious people gestured broadly, spoke some Latin words, and
suddenly the wind blew, or astorm rose, or the grass caught on fire.
These w

English or some incomprehensible tongu

cds caught the observer and shouted in Latin or Middle
Maybe they were
asking questions, or maybe shouting curses.

After this none of the rumorsagree. One says the wizards went
flying into the sky, another that they seemed to become frightened
by some invisible something and vanished. Another says one old
wizard, a gray-bearded man with many tattoos, transformed into a
youth ina brown leather bomber jacket, conjuredasmall motorbike
and rode off. But then, it was a pooka who told me that last one.

Now, I know quite a lot about quite a lot of things, but the
inner secrets of the Order of Hermes aren'tamong them. So can't
say if these descriptions mean anything. Professor Twidmarch did
admit that some details of the wizards' robes matched the colors
and symbols of House Diedne. Ifthese are old Hermetics from times

The Secching

High King David rules the fae from fortress Tara-Nar

(North America); Britain joins the European Com-

munity.

1975 Oildrilling begins in North Sea.

1984 Year-long miner'sstrike fails, reveals decline in union
power.

1989 Rumored return of House Diedne leaders.

1973+

Isle of the Cighcy

past, I expect they'll hav axes to grind with the Order, or
on the necks of the first Order mages they meet
But then again, times have changed rather drastically since

Diedne was around. ms to me that these wizards, however
powerful they are, are likely to come into trouble before long. If so,
Lhope that whomever they meet has the sense to call off hostilities,

if possible, and move these people to a safe place.

The CDodern Cra

I think the future is bright for cooperation between the
Traditions and the fair folk. I know I personally feel gladdened to
see you all — and I'm not a glad person for the most part, as most
of my acquaintances will tell you. You make me feel young again!

But I have to play the old grump now, because I promised at
the start of my talk that I'd be telling you some bad news about the
Technocracy. I recently took on a disguise and fell in with a
Technocrat,asismy practice when I want toknow what the enemy
isdoing. This time I picked a harmless-looking lady in a Construct
of the New World Order in the center of London. She looked like
nothing more than secretary, but I discovered more from her than
from any three Men in Black. Specifically, I found out about the
Harbingers of Avalon.

Tounderstand the Harbingers, we mustfirst realize thatwhen
one strips away the magic spells and views the ideals of Arthur's
Britain in historical perspective, it's possible to see Camelot as a
Technocratic dream. Think about
under a magnificent and powerful king and a council of knights,
dedicated to well-being and prosperity under law. Kill the dragons,
obey the rules, and the kingdom will prosper. And that, dear fair
folk, is what the British Technocrats have been working to
achieve.

ne benevolent dictatorship,

There is, and has been for centuries, an English secret society
within the Technocracy itself. Those within the cabal call them-
selves the Harbingers of Avalon, or more commonly, the Round
Table. Many codes refer to the group as "the Sword in the Stone,"
areference to the draw that will mark the true rulers of Britain. It
has existed since the reign of C
civil war, and has been largely successful. Queen Victoria's father
and grandfather belonged to the
herdestiny todraw the figurati
wrong, of course, and died before she could make her final move.

s II to preventanother English

larbingers, and she believed it
alibur from the stone. She was

Two world wars and the defections of the Sons of Ether and
Virtual Adepts have tarnished the Harbingers' plans, and they're
not happy. The
left it reeling in the wake of the Atomic,
Ages. Although this group contains some of England's most
influential Technocrats and operatives, Britannia is not what it
used to be.

bal's own secrecy and old-fashioned nature hi
pace and Information

In many ways, this is a gentlemen's club; I'm told that its
secret offices are tastefully furnished in the most elegant drawing-
room fashion, and its social rituals abound with secret handshakes,
code words and formalities. Only 10 men and two women belong

tothe group, and not many others even knew that it exists — until


The QDodern Gra

Channel Tunnel opens.
Verbena Adept Diana Beals (Fresh Wind Covenant,
Horizon) works with other mages and some fae to
transform East Midlands from coal mines to national
forest an preserves Lancashire and Lake Region from
industrialization.

right now. These mortals would never consider themselves mages
What they do have is class, money, influence and vision...and a
small but potent group of operatives called Zero Division. Unlike
the Technocracy's HIT Marks and other vulgar types, these agents
have finesse in spades. You rarely ever know when one is around,
and it leaves very few traces behind.

With Britannia in ruins, the Harbingers of Avalon have
decided to act. Zero Division is in the field. It's not at all what the
Traditions usually expect from the Technocracy, but it's old-school
English to the core. As the Harbingers see it, the next four years are
critical to re-establishing British influence across the world. Any-
thing that will help them is fair game

Unfortunately, after that woman told me all this, she got
away. Her group now knows that! know. I'm tellingall of youabout
allof this, so that ifanything happens to me, you'll havea good idea
who did it

That would be a sad note, and maybe a bad note, to end this
talk. So instead, I'll close with my own view of the Arthurian ideal:
a peaceful state dedicated to the ideals of honor, courtesy, dignity
and a clear sense of the sacred.
In Amei have hardly any sense left of the sacred.
Sleepers think "sacred" means the same as "religion," and in
means either some oily televangelist swindler

Action Committee with a long hit list of

America "religic
al Politi

or a fanat

people it hates. But I don't have to tell you fair folk: The sense of

the sacred is not about worship, but about an engagement of the
spirit with the world. It is about wonder. I believe that you people
in Great Britain, mortal and fae alike, have kept some sense of that
wonder.

The Traditions stand with you Kithain in the effort to
recapture the wonder of life. With ourtwo kinds in alliance, we can
re-create a Camelot that would bring pride and gladness to our
hearts. I hope you fair folk will learn more about mages, and let us
learn more about you, so that together we can remake the world.



|
tia

aclomney +

4

|
Ad
=a

This royal throne of kings, this sceptered isle,
This earth of majesty, this seat of Mars,

This other Eden, demi-paradise,

This fortress built by nature for herself
Against infection and the hand of war,

This happy breed of men, this little world,
This precious stone set in a silver sea,

Which serves it in the office of a wall,

Or as a moat defensive to a house

Against the envy of less happier lands;

This blessed plot, this earth, this realm, this England.

— Shakespeare, Richard I]

From King Arthur to Charles and Di, England is the source
of many of the most enduring legends and tales in the world.
Spoken of with wonder by even the great Roman conquerors and
historians, England captures the world's imagination even to this
day. It is also known as one of the most magical places on Earth.

And yet, in recent years, the eyes and imaginations of the
world have turned from England to America. As America grew and
prospered, British society became more rigid, with Victoria leading
the way intoa proper, well-ordered future that sought to encourage
conformity and prosperity. Most Dreamers think of the past rather
than the present when their fancies turn to England. America is
the new Promised Land, and Concordia, the new Tir-na-nOg for
changelings.

Policies

The so-called "Glorious Revolution" of 1688 that created the
current balance of power in British government was relatively
mellow compared to the bloody messes that followed in America

a century later, or in the English Civil War during the
1640s. As a result, the king and queen (William and Mary of
Orange, for those keeping track) agreed to the Bill of (Parliamen-
tary) Rights, which clarified the relationship between Parliament
and the Crown. Today, England is a constitutional monarchy,
meaning that while a king or queen is nominally in control of the
country, his or her power is held in check by elected officials. The
hereditary House of Lords likewise retains some influence, while
the elected House of Commons and prime minister control the


"siapea] atayp Jo suonse atp pur ajdoad ays
Jo saysia pure spaau atp uaaMiag WSeYD axp []>a\ 002 [Te PueIs
-sapun ystsuq aya 10} Uqnop axp jo aysuag ayp sFauOUTUIOD
uvsuOUTY 2a1B ]]!a SOW ang "suaIG] Jo pue] aU ayy
se eIpioouo Sunwre]9 pue suonipen wua1oue atp Surdansn Aq
aie] Jo UO UAyED aavy so[qou UEIpIODUOD WYP sue ay? IUAsAL
sSurpa3ueyp ysnug Auepy "sjaen so sauoisso} aduey>xo ut sia
-WoDMaU YHA sae jo atp axeys on sasea age sBuypasueys sour
JOY ap UO AN JOU Jo UFEYPLY Ja~Paya AyD woRdasas
yp puy [pM ,sueouawy AjBn,, jeo1dQ ‘Ajurena. "Aressaou
saaaiaty Ino djay pur suonsanb saasue or SUPA sfe20]
dup puy |] pueysug or Suyoaen sBuyosuey> soy

sauuvasp v Aueus pays sey onb snes
ayp Sururequtew Aro190s pazapyo-]jam ‘aujod Ajsurpreyun ue
jo Wtpered ysisug wapow ay pue ‘ouy jedou ap Yysnosyp
S109 1340] OU poo|q aey ‘pasuey> ApUauEUad UI>q
sey Arnuapts,purjsug ‘ts}]e1I0s jo ast ayp pur Aypseuow ay
Jo auyppap ayp ‘audurg ysniag axp jo asdeyjoo aup tpt y\ "pep
01 ungoq aaey stueayp s,puepsug ‘Mamas ased ayp Uy
"uny Suypsiuey> s1up pue avy ayp Jo sJeyPq Uo pauUoy

+ -aad saSiew spaap poo8 ayp jo aysne) are ssuNppyp |e pur
‘sSuyjaSueyp pur sodeur uaaaiag sSunyeap wow pazuaieey>
AAvY SUONEIAr [eIPIOD "sare uoM payxPo] puryaq swuaU
-uadxa aureziq pur [edenag sepurpsaayy Jo safer paraquiawiar
yim aye sdtuirud pur sBuypppryp ov zeaj sind azoway J aureu
yp ‘sontjod jewraiut parpury jo apy Mowy sSurjaZueyp sour
ysnoyp pur ‘uoroidsns tpn pomara Ayjerua' are sasidure a
Yuiog apia & udAls axoyasayp aue pur ‘dem jo wos Adaaid v UL
snorotidea se popaesas AuounuoD aze sisoyS) ‘ased ayp 40} aU

Aad paueys & Pu IUAWUOIIAUA atp 40} WA2V09 YOLUIOD
8 01 anp pareiajor axe awoY soy UAL [e> OYM spoaig
SuiueyD ayy, "warp pug op san UOUTWOS autos ‘partun
Ajjeonyjod 104 aue pueysug jo siuyjasueyp ayp ysnoy p

iia yeads nos oy uo Zurpuadap ‘paurens
JO JeIpsog auw nuwdcy pue etopares ‘uoIgTy Inoysnosyp
swHOpsUry JtPO UIA suONLpDY "op sayAO ay AYA Joy a1v>
apy] {pls sisazaruy uaio sit sansind y>eq ‘papiaip pueas Mou
stuopSury ayp ‘sauueg opus & zapun partun aauG "oun
Ut are uoIg]y Jo stropSury aay axp ‘oun auasaad ayn ty
"aby YBtYy pur s1auOURUD Yiog Jo sUEDY ay
Uy swung [Js TuaUTIUASAL ‘OIgTY UF ssappoo|q AJaanejas sear
(eipioou0d wise ooueproDDY ay se UMOUY) Aapjoue AA ay
ySnowp pur ‘swopsury ay jo Aueus ut axour 2ou0 ajnu ayps
AYLL Joypwa} Jo WOpSury yp pue (Joo AJrUNIO}) aYOUNS Jo
wopSUry ay! IsVJo WOpsury ay | YpEYDJowopsury ay |,
‘sasoy Jo wopSury ay ‘swopSury aresedas aay out paplalp
st UoIg]y JO WopuIy ayy "sHeaK QOG 4940 parse] UBIOM
soya Suny ysiy aup jo Aaors ayp aysner are sHuyp|YD 492}
aead yea ‘uoIgy Jo WopSury axp se puK]sUq Jo aoym ayr01
s9J04 JIS s9]e2 pjo ax MOU OYA UREUIY autos YSNoY |,
weypri ay 4081p "1g —
{suaip 01 pos ay Koes
yp s] *Cyoapsary vow and pun aurvu pun dn apmp 01 paau ay
skompy "Kom umo 4no€ wt ‘sanjom ay2 sv pog sv rsowyD"*-240
10] NOK pouOnLAr C190 Moy aut AZUL 01 SasPa9 4909U IT

uoigry Jo swopBury oy. gs

SUIDDYS "YOIAULPY ‘aMorsxIq ‘[]NY ‘UA ]-uodn-apa

2e pur] |O} pue aoueL, ‘elAeUTpULIS Woy [aUUEYD ayp ssO19 S91}
‘um azoul ayer 01 SuN]pIM asoyp JO] "(pua UO sy9am 10} paso[>
JpuunyD arp daay syoene asuouay quanbayy ‘ssauZeG] JO PHO,
ap ur ysnoyp) Aep ypea sau [eyaAas sug pue UOPUOT] UdAANI2q
yuo} pur ypeq diz suren ‘JauunyD ayp jo Suruado ayp aoutg
*(gaisoypueyy [eNU29 eau) Lodi Jaisoyoueyy pue ‘(UOpUoT Jo
aseaypnos) odin Aa1D UopuoT {(UOpUOT jo IseayOU) parsuEIg
«(uopuoy] Jo Isa) MOIPLA}] {(UOPUO'] JO YANos) YEMED ase
suodae sofew ayy -9duns Ayaaneyar st purjsuq 01 Suma

JOAva |

wsouoyd
Pls, ajqepeac Ajapim asay ayp aseoq Aewt pue Suauidojaaap suon
-POIUNUIOD9}91 MIU UT SI9PLI] DU JO 9UO Ose St_J gq "ISTUOIIeGOI
pue azors JWOD Auda AypenaatA ae ajqepteae aze spre> auoyd pred
aad pur Jog ey or zomsue s YF) ayp st (1) Wor] | YsHUG
"sSuruaddey pue swipy ‘aneatp ‘sua2u09 uo
YOR WULIOJU 40} MG Pu], s,YOPUCT] se Yons sapIns wuaUUTENaIUD
Apjaam pe20] uo puadap ayyye saaneu pur siajaaer] "Suruapres or
Surure3 woy ‘punoge d1do1 Arana uo saurzeseyy ‘sisas9iut jo aes
api e Sunaaoo siadedsmou Ajrep yan slapead 10} 914 upIpuyney 49)
-SoySunyy Pur saul | PPAUDUL, ay, "Tuapuadapul ay J (xoJ eyURUTES
241] sBuntp Suno{ woxng jo sdnurd — , 18 aaryp-a3ed,, 10) uNoUy
wsoq sdeqpad) ung ay ‘sown wopuoy ayy "erpows uud Uy
"Suywuessoid
day-JeIDIBUIOD 30} aSueYDXA UF shed JUNO UOISIAd|I YSN
Araaa yeyp ,.xe2 A]jay,, jeNUUE at WoY spuTy saatadad (UOLeIOdIOD,
Bunseopeog ysnug) Ogq aL "aoe op paraua aavy (AS
se Ypns) suoneas 1uapuadaput stead quadaL UT YBnoy YuAUIA
-ao8 aup Aq payjonuod Aoi] axe oper pu woIstaa|ar tog

DIPICL PY_|.

"Avprfoy yueq asnZnyatp Suunp uorysig ut
2yeq 01.40 YarULMprU re AnUNOD YON axp Ut prezzt}q [EUOISeDx0
ayp 99s 01 pasudins aq 2,uop ‘pun ut qeyp Suuwag_ -soauSop
M9J 8 OYEI JO 9AIS ‘AaWTUAN Jo IYSI9Y AY Ie (D ZZ) J oZ/ OV49IUIM
Ut (2 62) d o6€ Woy aBuer somexaduuay aBer9A" s,u0pUoT] aNq
‘are nod axaym uo Surpuadap Area AJsno1ago samezaduua | "Suysns
poo8 jo aseog uaAa YDIyA Jo autos ‘sayseaq AUUNS SII 10} UMOU
s13s80- Yang ay J. *]]om se aUIN OF aU LOY JJasH sMOYs J9yPLAA
saypio uayeaand kyuren199 axe suoNIpUOD asoyp 9]! Ya pue ‘puepauy
ur Zo} pue urer ay anoqe pray aaey or suuaas aUOKI9A|

~wYAVI/J)

‘auodiaaa anoge asnf sueaut
sip ‘(-S'F) atp Ut 02 paredwod) aarsuadxa Ajaannejai st (aurposes
v2) jonad azaym ANUNOD e Uy "uoReUOdsuEN 31qnd UO puadap
oy asoup azkjered AJaanoaye sayuns urer | uaddey jns Ao nq
‘oe apesap & ara Aatp se Aepor UoUTUOD se JOU are sayLNg
"sauUNOD J9YpO UT se ]]M sv UTE UT sapins Supe st Auseg
uuaaig ayp ang ‘Aazeg 20qe7] at pue sauo | ay are sored SuIpedy
ow ay] "Tuaurerpseg ax dn aye suowIUIOD pue sp107]Jo sasnop]
atp ‘atpaso] "mod aannsaxa pue aanyjsifay ayp jo Auofeu


QDagick in England

The Traditions are caught in an outdated paradigm, always looking toward some quaint mythic past, Certainly, the Adepts and the
Sons of Ether are better off than many of their brethren, but they too believe ina fairy tale world, while in eruth a dozen disparate paradigms
at odds with one another threaten to tear the world apart. But no matter... through our influence, the world is changing, leaving behind
childish fantasies. Let the myths of the past stay buried. We will lead England into the 21st century and beyond.

—Elizabeth Croft, Harbinger of Avalon:

Magick has been the lifeblood of Britain since before the dawn of history. Before the founding of the Traditions, the Wyck were
the first to practice magickal crafts in the world, and Britain is believed to have been one of it strongholds. With the coming of
Christianity, the new faith clashed with the old, and in many cases the two combined into something that was neither one nor the
other. Medieval alchemists researched names and properties in an attempt to define and control the universe,

The Verbena, Order of Hermes and Celestial Chorus were among the first Traditions to establish themselves in England, The
Order of Reason maintained a presence in the Isles as well, and with the reign of Victoria the Technocracy became an integral part
of the English political machine (see Chapter One: History),

‘Today, most mages in England go about their business without concern for supernatural political games. The Technocracy has
so successfully faded into the background that many Tradition mages are completely unaware of the influence it holds over much of
the country, The few Nephandi and Marauders who make their homes in England do so only so long as they escape the notice of the
Harbingers of Avalon.

This "live and let live" attitude extends to most other supernatural beings as well. Vampires, werewolves, ghosts, mummies and
others are left alone by most English mages, so long as they don't cause problems, Perhaps this adherence to the status quo is the most
telling sign of the Technocracy's influence...

Dover, Ramsgate, Folkestone, Newhaven, Bournemouth, and refined of flowers combined with its needle-sharp thorns,

Weymouth, Portsmouth and Plymouth: conveyed the nature of the fae nobility. For a while, their beauty

An extensive system of trains and busses keeps England well- surpassed that of mortals, their strength was likewise formidable.

serviced by public transportation; a good thing, when you consider
the astronomical prices BP (British Petroleum) charges for petrol
Hitching is still relatively common, but as crime increases fewer
people take the risk. Those wanting to hike or bicycle through
England are well-advised to get a waterproofed backpack

The Kingdom of Roses

I've seen a great many lands in my travels, but none can
compare to the Kingdom of Roses. Few places can inspire the heart
and the mind as it can. But despite (or pethaps because of?) this, the
Roselands are tom by the quiet ravages of the War of Ivy, as
commoners and sidhe alike are polarized along lines of class and kith
Few other kingdoms are as aware of the old traditions and rituals, but
inmost cases these only serve to reinforce the tendency to look toward
the past, rather than the future. More than a few changelings here
have Unseelie tendencies of which even they are unaware, but such
is common when change is slow in coming. But who knows? The old
ways may well ee them through, and from what I've seen, Whitestone
is the man to do it
Gerard, eshu troubadour

The Kingdom of Roses encompasses London and extends
into areas commonly known as East Anglia, the Home Counties,
and part of theso-called "Heartof England." Though the Roselands
have over time become the most populous kingdom in the Isle for
both mortals and changelings, this was not always the case.

Long before the War of the Roses, the fae who called the
Thames Valley and thesurroundingcountryside theirhomeclaimed
the rose as their symbol. Its dual nature, as both the most beautiful

The elf-shot that felled so many who trifled with the affairs of the
Rose Court was a closely guarded secret, and some say that when
the renowned nocker weaponsmith Wayland Smith perished, he
took the secret of these magic arrowheads with him.

It is said that the ancient Court of Roses held in the days
before the Shattering was the center of fae power in the British
Isles, though many from Glastonia in the Kingdom of Mist would
dispute this. Those Kithain historians who claim that the Kingdom
of Wool (now called the Kingdom of Smoke) once held the most

Trods @

Though legends speak of ancient fae who, when the

stars were tight, were able to open trods between any two
places in the world, most English trods fell into disuse after
the Shattering. Generations of changelings lived and died
with only a scant few passing the knowledge of the trods
down. Those who knew the secret pathways guarded them
jealously. But since the Return, trods long-since forgotten
have reappeared. Although some remain secret, more of the
Old Roads are being traveled once more

Many trods follow the "old straight tracks" or ley lines,
but others connect the most ancient frecholds to one an-
other. Though they were once used to help distant freeholds
stay in touch with one another, some fear that they could be
used to invade other kingdoms. Although none of the
kingdoms of Albion seem likely todo so at present, some fear
that outside forces (such as Ross of Caledonia) could use the
Old Roads to stage swift and deadly attacks

Chapcer Two: The Kingdoms of Aloion


power are shouted down by younger voices; for how could an area L
asbleakasthe Midlandseverhave surpassed the glory ofLondinium? ondon

Today, the Kingdom of Roses is a study in contrasts. The old nse a ke ie he ae Bac
and new meld together on the streets of London, a city with one "Ais scl arent worn ahak ci aecoid sie
foot in the future and another in the distant past. While the ‘Ana the seven of the woorld tuhabhe

Technocracy holds a small majority of loyalty among mages, this Ried ages bake rcs of Coin

atmosphere has done little to deter the changeling population. In — Stephen Sondhiem, There's No Place Like London

London and the surrounding area, the development of new tech-
a i London is often the first and last place visitors see in Britain,

nologies still holds limitless wonder, and the rigidity of the "Old
" A due to its position as both the capital and the transportation hub
Boys Network" exists alongside an exuberant, youthful subculture. _
of the island. In spite of a large amount of international traffic,

After centuries of rule by King Albion, acommoner, the sidhe P
London has retained its own identity. Its history servesasan anchor

returned some three decades ago to reclaim what they felt was : .
‘ while the whirlwind of trade, culture and politics spins around it
rightfully theirs. In fact, so many sidhe attempted to declare
themselves the sole rightful heir to the kingdom, that to this day,
they have not resolved the issue. Since the mid-70s the Kingdom
of Roses has been ruled by Lord Edgar Whitestone, a troll who bears
the title Lord Chancellor. The sidhe of the kingdom who hold
noble title gather periodically as His Lordship's Privy Council, and

But like any metropolis, London has its share of crime and
squalor. In the World of Darkness, these problems are multiplied
fivefold by the influences of supernatural beings who use mortalsas
their pawns. The threat of terrorism from the IRA and certain
Middle Eastern groups is constantly on people's minds, and riots

: é of rugby players, students or political protesters —are increasingly
together they advise Lord Edgar on matters. Privately, of course, ery F F if
‘ é common. As the ghosts of centuries past look down on a city in

nearly every individual on the Privy Council is trying to stage a
: : decline, the fog creeps in from the Thames at night, shrouding the
coup to declare himself king, but on the surface the system appears

, city and deepening each shadow
to work quite smoothly, with amicable relations all around.

The CDonarchy and the |-ae

I don't know if the break can be mended, so far have the rulers strayed from their compact with the land. Oh, they've always had
their sordid litle affairs and scandals, but in times past they still remembered their responsibility to the land they ruled over. No more
We have our agents working on the young ones, to be sure, and those who are guiding the education of young Will and Harry claim
that in them, there may be some hope. We can but pray forall our sakes, that the young may remember what their elders have forgotten

— Edgar Whitestone, Lord Chancellor

For untold centuries, the monarchy, the land and the fae have been intertwined in a tapestry of fate. Although there isno longer
a blood tie between the crown and the fae (or their changeling descendants) who likewise live to protect the land and its people,
rituals are still observed, even today, to maintain their connection.

Yet with each passing generation, a litte is forgotten. The power of the monarchy was curtailed long ago, but in modern times
the blood of the fae has grown so thin that they can wield no Glamour. Career politicians have taken center stage, and most know
little of the Old Ways which guarded England and kept her safe for so long. With every passing year, more and more concem is
directed toward the economy, foreign policy and abstract social reform, with little regard for the land or the actual people who are
affected by the policies.

The mortal monarchy isin ruins, its deeds the stuff of modem penny dreadfuls and tabloids. The leaders who have risen to take
their place have done so without ceremony, without ritual, and neither know nor care about the importance of the Old Ways. The
age-old leaders of changelings, the sidhe, have returned, but they fare little better than their mortal cousins. Like the politicians,
they seem to have little understanding of the real needs of their subjects. The nobles seem unwilling or unable to lead their people,
and the commoners scramble to promote their own agendas. The sharp chill of Banality has settled hard on many areas, and others
wonder how much longer they will last. The oldest scholars fear that Winter is nearly upon us; still others claim that we have been
in the grip of Winter for a long time, and that Spring is surely just around the corner.

The landis divided. The traditions that bound the people to the land and the land to its leaders are forgotten, and nonew leader
has come forth to unite the Isle of the Mighty. Some insist that no single leader can represent the widely varying interests of the
people; perhaps in a simpler age this was possible, they contend, but no longer. But others remember the old tales, and whisper that
when the land is united once more under a single high king, Spring will come again to the land and its people.

Whatever the truth, the time has come foraction. Withouta leader, the kingdoms will continue to drift further from each other
and from the land, and some fear that freeholds or entire kingdoms may loose their connection to the land entirely. Will they rejoin
the Dreaming, become dream realms of their own, or disappear entirely? Only time will tell...time, and the dreams of those who
inhabit the land.

Isle of che COighzy


caying Ouc of Trouble

Possession and use of gunsand explosivesare the quickest way
to find trouble, if that's what you're looking for. Fortunately,
outlandish dress will only keep you out of the most toffee-nosed
places, and most Londoners are too polite to stare. Keep your
private bits covered and you should be OK. Loud persons may
attract attention more here than in colonial cities, depending on
which section of town you're in and whether or not they think
you're a rugby fan.

Visitors will have little difficulty puzzling out the public
transport system, chiefly served by the Underground. Buses prove
alittle more of a challenge, but any diligent traveler will be able to
figure them out in short order. Virtually every type of cuisine under
the sun, from curries to sushi to Big Macs, can be found in London.
The relative blandness of typical English food may have added to
the popularity of international dishes here. Museums containing
many of the greatest treasures of the Westem world are plentiful,
and the music and theatre scenes are among the most lively in the
world.

London getsa very mixed bag of people, and given the English
proclivity to ignore anything they think doesn't relate to them, you
will probably find that people here are less likely to be rattled by
things that might be unbelievable elsewhere. "Less likely" does not
mean you can summon forth fire breathing dragons with impunity;
simply that given the unusually high level of Banality among many
people here, anything supernatural will probably be quickly ex:
plained away or forgotten by the average man on the street

he Scoryceller,
Can I Bring CDy Uzi?

Britain has strict rules on the ownership and use of
firearms. The only people who generally have guns are terror-
ists and crit s, and if you are discovered in possession of a
gun, the police will assume that you are one ot the other. In
some rare cases, special operations teams fielded by the police
may be packing, and in some cities police officers have guns in
their cars. That's pretty much the limit. The same holds true
for explosives; if you want to procure any, you will eitherhave
to go through a mountain of red tape (demonstrating your
legitimate, legal use for such things) or through an illegal arms
dealer, neither of which is likely to be quick or cheap. The
usual roster of illicit substances are likewise forbidden.

Various branches of the Technocracy monitor customs
records on a regular basis, and anyone bringing in significant
quantities of scientific or medical equipment or supplies is
likely to be noted and observed. British anti-terrorism laws
give authorities the right to perform spontaneous searches, the
likes of which may startle foreigners. Careful use of cantrips
and magick can be used to circumvent the more obvious
measures, butthe extreme Banality inherentto the job (aswell
as the presence of occasional Technocratic mages) makes this

far from a sure thing. j 4 8 :

Chapcer Two: The Kingdoms of Atéion


(escminscer Addey

Been to the Abbey, have you? Whole lot of dreams in that place,
there is. What with all the writers in Poet's Comer, not to mention
all the kings and queens and whatnot. So many tales of chivalry and
betrayal, love and bitter hatred in those stones. It could set the coldest
soul off on a daydream, that place could. Some say it's the influence
of the Stone, but I say no. A lot of power is stil locked in that rock,
tobe sure, but none of it's getting out so long as it stays south of the
Wall. Just shows you what a lot of pansies those Caledonians are,
that in all the centuries we've had it, they haven't been able to get it
back!

— Mick Crimson, redcap wilder

Westminster Abbey is a shrine to the departed artists and
dreamers of the Isle, as well as a favorite meeting place for Celestial
Chorus mages. Poets, artists and even politicians come to the area
known as Poets Corner for inspiration from the countless monu-
ments to English creativity housed there. Writers, composers,
architects and countless other dreamers are remembered here, and
it is said that their ghosts return to the Abbey nightly to feel the
warmth that remembrance brings. In turn, they bring inspiration
to those who pay homage to their memories.

The Abbey has an almost palpable aura of sacredness to it,
and even the presence of "Abbey Guided SuperTours" at £6 a
head and up has done little to mar the atmosphere. Though not as
important to most Choristers as Canterbury, the Abbey remains a
potent symbol of the English national devotion to the One.
Though faith has lessened in recent years, the Abbey remains a
point of great national pride to both Sleepers and Awakened.

Westminster Abbey also houses the legendary Stone of
Scone, a minor fae treasure with a history as long as that of the Isle
itself. Rumored to have been hewn from a cliff in Arcadia long
before the time of the Sundering, it was, some claim, a source of
Glamour that helped to maintain the bond between the nobility
and the land. But since it was stolen from Scotland in 1297, its
power has gradually faded. Some changelings from Caledonia
insist that if the stone was returned to its proper place in Scotland,
itwould regain its power, but for the time being it liesin state in the
Abbey, as cold as the stone sepulchers that surround it.

The Tower of London

Can you feel it? There's something ancient here, older than the
stones...something strong and wild and at once natural and alien
Maybe it's that old bloke' head, maybe something else. The ravens
know, but they're not telling. Whatever itis, it's beyond me. I know
when to leave well enough alone, unlike a lot of people ‘round here

— Davis Warfield, Hollow One

Beyond its historical significance, the Tower is loaded with
ghosts, a few of whom include the "little princes" (reportedly
murdered by King Richard III), Anne Boleyn, Lady Jane Gray,
Catherine Howard, Sir Thomas More and the Earl of Essex.

Although in many other areas ghosts would be banished as quickly

as possible, the wraiths who inhabit the Tower are honored guests.
They are an integral part of the stories surrounding the Tower, and
to drive them out would be to diminish the power of their tales.


uoigyy Jo swopBuryy Y_| om wa2dvy>,

yInso1 TUAW Jo AeALE SEA e SUTEUOD AqoIpIEM axp pue a]quyEAe
AUB UO PJOD UdAa JO JaaIs "OYILa] "IDAJPA ‘YaATIS JO sTUTELIS
dy "ayeUed 01 YsiM OYA asoup Joy a[gep!eaL aue suaFoUNSN|]EY
pue sioumop ‘siaddn jo sauueu |je pue uordioos ‘ystysey ‘outed
-o9 ‘euenfireur ang ‘suoned ayp jo 1sow SuoWe ,aUaWasUEYUD,,
ay qeuoryse) asow aup sureusa1 wnidE "os auop Sulavy raquiawas
vay ‘Aqpes YBnoup ‘a19y padeyd aacy sueroismur asauy s,PHoA ayp jo
Aueyy Buryse oyp soy a]qe|teae |pe are suIBIIA Jo pooyg atp pue aqo]s
ay punoze woy sronby] ‘sourn youady aay ay J "saLLIYD paz9aoo
-a1e[OD0Yp UELHJag pawUuaIs-sa4f1s 01 LOULD] Pue asNp Pjod YA
papjutuds suaverd paganes woyy ‘aqeyteav st yup pure poop as9uy
ULL "Aypexa auinb ‘onsap nod HunypAuy gaxoy Wo S908 YA
"zoped ay 01 uMop pauioaso are sisons ‘pouiad SunteM WOYs e
sayy "Sassauiay}] stoyp aztusosa1 Ae Aa] preaypg pu 4a]morc)
sista] Jo SAI] ay YIN seIWLY asoup pu ‘odardjarueU ay
aoe py au pur |Yy 272UP papn sesog "uostad sroyp Uo roy
-aquos ajdde ue jo oonea Jews v uaats Ayjensn axe suomed seynsox
auod9q oym asotp pue ‘AzeY aq 02 SuTUAAA aTOtp Jo soHOWOU PUY
4juo sisan# oum-auo are oy asou.,‘stuAuopnasd aze Aayp ssoun
‘saanseayg Aaj ae posh sAoU are saUIENY "JaqUINU LOReIyHUAp!
Uv YpIat Suope Ino |] 01 uo} ,saduaraza1d,, v asan Yowa saats
4qqo] snomduins atp apisurasn{ sop ay ae ueUNOo}
pauoay v Aq suoReaAU! sy Jo} payse are suoned MN

stuondasare

"sroqureyp urew aup
SuuonuoU sprend pauayeary pue Yroutiod ayp Suryorea (qny>
ay mojaq daap a]neA v Ut pjay sionag sayp) sypreAm Udasun YI
‘uv ayp Jo areas astaioyy] st Aannoas eMeUDdng ‘sontanoe AYSIU
ayp Suqimsip woy sisond parueavun dady o1 paztynan axe sains
-vaut yoar-yaty aiow pue sop ‘sior9a1ap UOROU ‘seIDUIED "YBN
4jqupazout st Aauinoas ‘suomned s,qnjo axp jo smaeas axp o1 ang]
"qj axp jo
aimqeu ann ayp asodxa ov uareantp ay pjnoys aaraut ayp [reUNA>" |G
1 pasn aq wea aU UONeULIOFUT Z9A09UN O pasn Ajyensn st 49949
SIL PaYD punowsyorq |pny e ANY JaAdu YsnoYp ‘aoUAIsIxO
Sqh[9 aup Jo oxemeun are Oya ajdoad 01 ano uaasd A}jeUOIsEDz0
ae (SuLana| 313 z9AU!s YIN sadojaaua youIq Ut Ino JUAs) SUC
-e11AUT "st] 89N I99]9s B UO asoyp 4 ATUO Porutad st suEITUpE
pue ‘souapisar areatud v 298) UI St Jost qny> ay_L, "Stow asaup Or
aoulapard anid Aajjayg pue siay Jo soou ay UT sooUaZajaI oNEA
pue 'SqQZ | axe] au a9uIs J9yLOUL 10 WLIO} aUO UF parstxa sey qnyD
ayp Aes attog "Sutop wayp anoge svay pjnom saad axp pareay Aatpa
sBurtp aqp je op 02 29419801 I08 {jraxd9s oYas ‘AayIqQou TeUOW BuNo'
yp Jo atuios jo Suuayres A|yUOU & se UeBOg somsvayg AI],
«IPH Ut sunsniiny auIeg,, Sung —
"auopp sanou
24, NOX *PUOPD I0U 24, NOK *A4ay TPO a4,Cayn
-ov patfii4a9 ‘siarsiung ‘sdoysiqys4n ‘sypurpavd 108 20,2/q\ ‘stumps
paying ‘saSpnf uunor-ySiy fo qf st 2H ‘40819 p anvy ‘xvjy

sounspajC{ Aayin

ono a1snu ‘stupIuNOI

‘tped ayp Suoye pasuene Aynpre
aie sauors Assou atp aetp 99s 01 Surddors Aypeucrsed90 AyUO ‘saysNg
ajquieaq pue sony Jo zeay> aoeqd ay Surdaay 0 sjas1ay poruaru0s
sey ays ‘awn IYI adUIg "yPoMauOIs SuyquinID yy Suuedar
anoqe as pey pue suon as yeraAas toy AeNe Aat atp pareay> pey ays
41 paztpear Aatp azojag "dn asefd ayp xy dyay or pajjaduros yay ays

‘q]Pm URAL ays YNOY_L ‘oSe siead oWIOs pourof epueNWy pauteu
uvSdog & uaya ede dno ayp yeaug 01 pauarvaryp wsty>s Vy
"ano sajqexsopun jo
io] esdaay aouasaid s,4apiour ap pur ‘souC Suno x auf 10} swuajqord
pasnes z9aau aavy a2eyd ays jo siuids ay], uo] 10} Akas 01 99s
auou ysnoyp ‘safew somueyNg Jo raquinu ne e saveAp ospe rods
ay "998/d atp jo siutds ayp 240 Yorea or pur Kat at puar ‘Ana0d
a11um 01 Ajyeotpolzad Aumauiac aseq aup Jo saypear rey ap Ur ayes
APYLL JAp|iM BYood-mord v ‘UIGIOD pu UApTIM deopar e {oy
yo dn apew st dnoad ayp jo asx ay, doa ayp jo sxapeay peroyjoun
ayp aue 'sSuyppy Ysenys om Oe A\ pue enpiog -arejd SuuayrEs
ure say are3ysIF ape sey s9UG Bung ayp pa|qes Aapiow y
aye sao 3eyA
pue peap ‘Aa1]eU0W Uodn a9ayox o a194 9UIOD sHutag jeAMBUadns
pure sjenoyy *Aat pur srepa ‘squior Suyquini tpeauaq paying
at] sey UHH} ssa] aue sauU asOYM sIaURO ssoPLUNOD puL xILYY [EDL
‘OM][q 281095 "apis aaquoew oY? UO axe sissaIUT AsoYM asoup are
vare sty 02 sio1sta qeadas aupi Jo sow weep astudans apy] se sowtoD
a40Jor942 a] ‘9}t] WEYL Yeap 10) snourey a10W ods sayAOUR st A119
"wag aresysip] ‘sway pu pnary jo sauoY ayp WOY) Mey ION,
Suyppyy ysenys ape~, —
saas-asnuut fo 181) 0
ffo Burpoayo asoyy unyp soyirs ‘201d ayy ut asouan vas v yam souo
joy] 2towi aun axay mo 4.40 op oym asoy., "Kvp yova ySnoarp Stussod
ajdoad fo sapioy 298 1,uop am avy) pop ww auo sof | nq ‘sistanor
a4ow 128 sug PUD SUPIAC) MAA UE SaMAIIWAD ay) PJOI UL, |

fiid29UI97) sap BySi J

jour
ay YD WL] oYpIs aya AYA ‘ouope sypIseu aya paureruteUL
avy Aayp ‘ouasqe soypIs ay UF akeyA ano qUIOd saSeur oy,
"Jomo | at Jo Aresiaatuue 41996 aU 10) UaUNUEYDUD ay WOE
PJnoys OYA s9A0 SAMA} Jo JApIO ay Jo saBeur pue aypis ay
uaamiag pardnaa sey Asraonu09 YonuL ‘are] JO "1MO | up Jo UN
-aduio9 ayp jo Aresiaaruue ayp uo ‘Aunyuad Yy>ea aou0 pamatias aq
IsNU JMO] ay Uodn pre] SYUAUNEYDUA aU TeEp A¥s ALLO
"poo
-ons 10U pip SOYA s1aUp ‘sMoYs AroIsTY SY "suoNDarold JeoHsKtu
si} aeioges 01 JMO], ay aIVN]YUT O2 porn (swe20UYD2 | anor
Avs autos) sas]no90 Ize Jo wear BT] Ae /X\ PHO SuLMp rey pres st
11 {puejst ay 49A0 YoIeA Pooas sey Peay s,ueag ‘sa}NIUaD 104
"anoge sprig ay Jo may w skvanye
aie a1oyp ains ayeur 02 sueaUE JaYO ssajUNOD pu soHed ‘sI9yIO.
pain aavy stead ayp z9A0 puke Greay o1 sitp Uayed aAaKy Jamo | ep
prend oym asoy_]_"uorseattt wo paroarosd aq jp purjsug 49M0 |
ay ae suaaer are a1oup se Buoy se 2eYp s}]91 puada] puosas y
‘ayy ur
uuaaq pey ay se tpeap UI UOTtIEduiO e pod se sea URIG "IA AIS
2q 01 ples uaaa sem pur pordnuzosun paureuras peay aup ‘pueysug
61 wima1 01 Yoo suOTUEdUOD sty IBAA UAAas aU JAG) "UOISLAUI
wou, pueysug raid pjnom ay pres sem a arya ‘uopuoT UT
all] 21a aya ypeauag,, pauing pue yoans ag peay sty eM parap10
ay ‘purjayy uneps or Sundwone apy apreq ur yay ‘ug Jo
Bury ‘possajg ou uerg quer ay uaya yeu 8908 puaiay oy,


Yam BuYsy urauag p107] puke promsieadd e Surpjaia wAreD Ape]
Yat ‘puada] jo ymas ayp sea ‘uoIpAcy asnopy Jo |]opur] UAE
pio] pur ‘aouaginsay ayp 01 10nd zajnu jon ayp ‘ppayen wdeG
Ape] uoaauiag janp jeuy ay J "Any Jo.re/y\ ayp Ur sopaeg asIOM aX Jo
uo Jo aus ayp sem p10yXC) ‘OB sopedap aaztp aos pauanial aypIs
yp Uay AA "UWNOd arjaag aU Jo sjjon ApUWUNd ‘s39]TU Jo sa1s9s v Aq
UaasIaAo UdAq sey Bare aU (SPUMIUAD OMNI aWOS 10} spe] Pana
ino Burumny uaaq pey PgXO ou yotym Aq) Buuaneyg oy)
Jo 9WIH dtp a9uIg "UN{ JoUp pue ssurpSuey> SuouTe UMoUy-259q
ayp Jo autos axe Aayp ang ‘p19AXO Je 9WT JUads aa,oyM sIDy>Va1
wy {pue

SIMI] 'S"D) TJOULED SIMA ‘API! A\ 1eISO ‘Aa]JayS aysshg AdIag

pure squapms axp jo saureu ayn yo may e ang axe UANyOL

ypeap Jay a10}9q APUOYs
auoIany|\ 1eSpq Or Jana] & UT "ppYyWS uATeD Apey

Svpon st ays wy on puofxE 3g
apy oym asoyn fo ‘2}doad ays fo Suryiou smouy apy "aay 49)n aypis D
tof adus x08 10U 5} awn ays aDyp 225 pom wMAag Wane IY 2021124 |
padupyo aavy sSunp moy aas 01 apout aq yuo pnoo ay ff ‘uonmnsay
moynim ayes un | ‘smoyg 01 awoo x prroys ing ‘aydoad ano uaamiaq
gonad v arnodau 01 adoy | ‘aun wy Suunq] *auay yaam v aovjd

201 01 |

np AY? YIM ‘IvquiOD afSus oF wMAag paSuaroYD aavy |

puolxXE

pun
01 swi99s DUO OU ‘Pood os are sa}I02s aU Ng "eq ayp Ie ajdoad daay
01 Aopd aaaa]p & asnf aze sauions ayy ey MOLLY ssaUIOISND RAO] SOUL
Jay waag "1Y8rYz 2e padeyd sey weep pueg Arad ADU YIM panor
avy 02 sture]> BAUOIT ‘2oUEZAdde [RYYANOA 19Y at]9q sonUdUAdxa
soya aIpeod auNNy-Suoy y "Isnt atp jo uIp ayp audsap ‘Surmoy
sayiois pue Sup ayp sdaoy edu] powreu Japyia nyso uy
aoejd
2p 01 Sunt] e Uayer sey zejonzed ut Yooyy ‘sIONsTA TUANbay are
a1eSysipy toy sauG SuNo, ay | "UOpUOT UI sdeopar |NO}OD SoU
atp Jo Oa MOUY 02 198 puE UMOP ATeY AlaLp Jaq ‘9ouRP 02 IYSTYZ
61 awo9 UrEg InoYysnoNp sBuIfa8uLYD "qn[> s1ayp Jo suoned
o¢p jo Aut ueyp JaBuNoA aq 02 waas AaypAeEADB} dup Aq pur sey

uosurts 1ys12q soy Aq a]quztUsODaI ATISva axe OMA DY] "UOSWILID)
Aaeyy pue ADI ‘YaIsIs pue so v Aq UNL st adeId JY
Su1snou
‘woy auodue daay 01 ySnoud yns axe syuUp aXp ‘AfareuN "Joo
2y2 Uo Poo]q st azatp [AUN uNgaq aavy Oo} pazapIsuod 3,ust IysTU ay
pure ‘oes oup ype ]]sst (,uorsi9A Assis, aup se aysryz we sIE|NBax ay
jo sour Aq pomata st yt Bury pasoddo se) Suisuep wejg
‘sloopaay paruted-Aeids 1 apisino aq Aer ase ayp saAareya ‘ary
a[Ais ur |]s ore sSurozaid a[dnjnw pue syweyour posojos ApYsug
1yBryz An ‘esd aeyp 02 yDeq auUN UT dun v Oy ang ‘aNAyMogns yuNd

ay Jo 1aqua> ap sea peoy sSury uaya step ayp are BUCH,

uD4S OY.
v 01 ffo ynJ i10

IBZ

fayBiCp 242 Jo 218]

"asvaja1 pur UOHesuas BUIyD9s S19]9A91 Jo
paors zatpouroi uado sioop ay aysruzaye aystU Ad ‘ayqussod
suiaas Aypuey ay {saunseajg AQyMp jo asemeun are uOpuoT
uy AdeIDOUYIA] AYA yO saoz0} aYyp rep ajqissod 31s]
"warp
dons 07 sdaas uayea sey ouo ou ‘ad jo se ang ‘uoroidsns yin
SUEY ayp UO yoo] sadew Ade1DOUYDe | puB YORIpeI | 's9Ua
-Hadxo Hoyp Woy JuauMUAIYystUD pue IYsIsUT UTES 1 W998
Op Staquiaur quasaid pur ased Auew yep paruap aq 10UUKD It
pure 'ypueydany watp popuesg Suroq woy surey>¥y 390 1d9y,
sey] SuOMIpEs] ap Jo slaquiour ino djay oy ssousuTpM s19q |,
"Aqoing se tacp uuropudd o9 (JopETeR Jo BUUELEYy BUIpN}sU})
asew auO UBL? [OW pasned sey JUaUUAIYSI[Ug,, UMO JOY
Joamnsind uy stadaajg ssapunos jo uONRpOIA Joy pur sujear
quids zayep orp Woy sFurog yam sBuyeap say | "uonrIo|dxa
a]qisstuniad jo syun] aya puosag auod aaey samnseayg Aan)
qe SUEY ay jo suoNde ayp IY Jaay sadew AuEW,
"souua Ypons jo aed.
Jesqua9 v aq 01 presst sannua stuOUap UaAe pur syutds ‘sasdi0>
YIN ssauuo;) ‘ssousnorsuos SuNBAafp se Laas s} DUaIAdXA
ssau A199 pure ‘sSunzaqzes yons ae aqepteae are sBnup yo 19
Aue {py ‘Aseasoe pur woRE[ NUL Jo saz ONsTyDosEWOpES 10}
sqnyo aivayid ut ayeBoufiuos uoyo aumeyoY Wopoul ay J,
"Sunsnssp puv sjoyun ‘asionsod
Ss¥.IsOUW Aq poupUOD aq p[NOm JBL S19 apN]IUt Oo} Parepersa
sey siyp "Awopos pue Araynpe ‘sooueas pur auya\ wnuEpNey
paajoaut suojsiaayp ‘sreak Apzea saumeyoy ayp uy "uaTyaag
Pep Alay adpapmouyoe oy Suypiun are uryim Aue Uo9Ar
pur ‘9ouMs!xa s,dnos3 ayp yo azemw are ]ND ayp apisino M9}
Ata, Aa} anjod,, Aq pareioip sunt] au puodag sasuas ay
Surysnd o1 poworpep Aseasaq Jo a[n> ay Jo 299s B st aUTEYW
tp 4} 24 SOLO pure qniD axyI [aH] 9tp Jo tmousano uy

suIpyry oY |.

at St
yeas ay Suowre st syns aueaue saddep e ‘uuag proyysy samaeoye
Sqn]> ay Jo auos Jo ameU ay palaoosIp ays UaYyM AUIsUD
ue o7U! pauna ang ‘sed sea4 ut asan8 parouoy ue sem (AseIsIg
JO3[ND a8) 1opeyeg Jo LUULLEYY {]]92 Ue OYA ‘UAYO Os SOO] 194
sadueys ays aouts ang "aapuane sepngax e uayp ‘yeas ayp Jo raquiaU

1 01 ples st (ssaupeyy Jo Yoog 29s) axeI1g Ipof -aoe[d
Up pasta avy Or UMOUY are BTUOPIg UOG] puk URI, IOWA

Bou pS

ig ‘UosIePY PUUOD ‘poyfOH wIsnsny ‘ueTEUA PIOT ‘sounserjg
{QjINE) aw suoNed Jo idoy axe sp1osa1 jEUUIOJ OU YBNOUpTY
samnse9}
{ajing) aw yeIs UO NOK 10} aUODUIOS st a19yP ‘peapuN 40 peap
‘Surat ap ‘uawiom ‘uaut ‘shog ‘s]113 woyy nu sarsea NOK J94294,,\
-papaau [nun paznaypsoue yeas siteasumop, aup jo sraquiaut d204
s1auUMo aU {10} Suro] axe Nod eYas asnf puy 2,uop nos J "suoned
Ja{pPo ayp Huowe woy Supp no' o1 soured v puy o2 9]qe 2q 4]2Ins
[1 nod ‘jeures aout axe sisazaqUt anos J "euosiad 10 pour Aue


rapierand main gauche. Fora while the troll's strength and stamina
were formidable, but the sidhe lord's quick, precise strokes and
nimble step brought him victory in the end. Though Lord Berwin
tules as lord of Oxfordshire today, he does so over a county all but
deserted of commoners, most of whom were devoted to Lady
Garyn.

With regard to magick, Oxford has been under the control of
the Technocracy for more than two centurie me even claim
that the first colleges were begun so that medieval mages and
Craftmasons would have suitable assistants versed in the Classical
languages and disciplines. Prior to the Convention of the White
Tower, members of the Hippocratic Circle worked alongside
members of the Houses of Hermes, and differences in methodology
rarely stood in the way of philosophical debate and academic
inquiry. The Battle of Grimsfen Tor (see Chapter One), less than
100 years after the founding of the first colleges, caused the first
major schism between the two groups. Hasty apologies and protes-
tations that "thee affayres of our fellowes must not interfere wyth
thee pursuit of knowledge" quickly smoothed things over, but set
the stage for increasing conflict. Over the years, most of the
Hermetics migrated over to the Chantry established at Cambridge,
as the Oxford Chantry became increasingly interested in a si
"truth": that of the science embraced by the Technocracy.

Watcham College:
A Technocracy Conscruct

And seeing ignorance is the curse of God,

Knowledge the wing wherewith we fly to Heaven.

— William Shakespeare, Henry VI

Waltham College, though not officially part of the
university system, has been home to many of the greatest
minds in British science (whether as scientists or in the many
sealed glass containers lining laboratory shelves). Founded in
thelate 18th century byamaverick Germanscientist, Waltham
College is a privately funded institution dedicated to "high
science": that of the Progenitors, mainly. A wing of the
college was once devoted to the work of the Electrodyne
Engineers, bur it has been used little since the defection of the
‘Sons of Ether. Many of the students educated here go on to
promising careers at the Grimsfen Research Facility, built on
the site of an ancient fae mound.


Cambridge

Begun by students dissatisfied with Oxford, Cambridge has
gone on to rival her elder sister town. Although some changelings
continue to live here, the increasingly banal atmosphere is driving
many away. Despite the sterile, feeling (no doubt fed by the
Technocracy Construct nearby) creeping over parts of the univer-
sity, the people of Cambridge still have a strong connection to the
land.

Barrow College: A Chancery

I have taken all knowledge to be my province

Francis Bacon

Although the Chantry located here has traditionally been
dominated by Hermetic mages in recent years moreandmoreSons
of Ether and Virtual Adepts have been accepted as fellows. In the
past decade, two nockers, Ostic "Otto" Mobile and Jackie Philpps
havealsobeen elected tothe select group, and their collaborations
with the Sons of Ether in residence have been productive, if
sometimes explosive. Their common goal: the pursuit of knovl-
edge, in whatever form it may take. Some claim thatthe young Ber
Russell wasan asistant here while studyingat Cambridge, and the
fellows will have you believe that nearly every British scientist and
philosopher of the past two centuries has shared a cup of tea in the
parlor. Many have, and that should come as no surprise; while
magickal studiesare the primary focusof thei work, the researchers
here excel in many field

One collaborative project between the various researchers
that has drawn considerable attention has been the attempts to
duplicateel{hot. The secrets ofthe magical arrowheadshave been
lost since the disappearance of the famed Wayland Smith, but
recently a number of research trips to the barrow known as
Wayland's Smithy have provided clues to the origins of these
magical weapons. Legends tel that elfshot will burrow deeper and
deeper into the flesh, evading all attempts by midwives and
surgeons to remove it. In this way, asingle mediocre archer armed
with lfthot may hold a postion longer than the best marksman
wielding normal arrows. Avenues of research being pursued in-
clude the relative speed of normal versus enchanted arows,
potential protective armor, and the possibility of enchanting
bullets in the same manner. The Chantry has received extensive
funding from an anonymous source for this project, and some fear
that ts benefactor may be an Unseelie leader with designs on the
throne. Others believe chat the money can be traced to a group
calling itself the "Round Table." Most of the researchers are
hesitant to look gift hors in the mouth, though, and simply wish
to pursue their research without interference.

Inrecent years, rumors have persisted about a posiblealliance
between Barrow College and Waldham College in Oxford. Al-
though this has been denied by parties on both sides, the possibility
is far from remote. Though the methodologies and theories es

poused by the two sides are radically different, members of both

groups have been censored in the past for thei willingness to debate
new ideas with the opposition. Some claim that the recent depar
tureofstaunch Traditionalist Professor Twidmarch fromtheChantry
for parts north relates to these under-the-table dealings.

Isle of the CDighcy


ypovaq Aqueau at o1uo yup ‘Andod jo quoWiBey pue
sayppioys jeoareyp tpt pauroperuaunypied jo stays Ajpeuorsed4o
"Ano aug jo Aury pur punos ay woy aovad atios puy oi suonepuno}
Ayeys ay Uo SuLayeA ‘uno sly se aefd aya pawTE]D oaey
SHOP[IN YseN]s agp Vy "sOLg a2e[eg ay Jo MopEYs Apsoys voy] spueIs
"umn UMop Layo & "YaIg IS9,A\ OUP ‘A10Ys at UNOp OYUN
"asixo sjeued Yons aeup Auap Apu Ysenys
[220] ay, "s19A/qNs |eAO} Jo saa aup toy s19]NU ASed Jo suO|s19asad
yp pry aeyp Aro ay yeauag sjeued pue s1opI09 191998 jo YomIDU
v Jo asisiod siowny "e011, aang) parsnssip ApyBnowoyp v Aq
wunasnun v se o1qnd ayp 02 pauado sem ‘81099 aun AaYsneU ay
Jo aouapisar atp aouo ‘uoHIAeg AY] "OHUEP TY ay OI Ino SUNN!
11909 puke pom jo duns v Uo []e ‘S1a}Jaa sUNAIOJ May B PuE s1Eq,
ayousey ‘sopu adAa-yeatuues se [Jam se ‘sdoys seus pue sU9Anos
paoudiao pur sapeoue ‘sauryDeU 10]S 01 SOY St JOS JIG ALL
{a1 ysyiug,Aqpeoidéa astauoypo axp ut 99"]¢d Jo.1n0 Aypaproop yoo]
ue ‘uortarg ehoy
dtp pur (sCog 1807] ay, | Ul aetp Jo TUaDsTUTWA IYBT] pue pUNos JoI014

ep SuIpying v yo unas» pondsur-usor

&) Jag a>v[eg Up are suoNDeMIe snow sot On s,UOIYBLIg
"smOpeys ay Ul YOM IP Ose
are s9910} Jay}1ep IuADOUUT st si jo AAUOfeW ou YBNOY |, "9810
01 uoIysiug 01 auio> aary ajdoad Auew ‘syysi] saig ay Jo areys
pure o1snuy aya ur saajaswoyp aso] 02 paysiar oyar as0uR 0240 AUpIOY
apiseas & Jo pou ul siuopuoT 01 asoy padefd ar saypy,A\ "o8e
Aunquase uetp a10u ‘a8109_ aouLNg Jo sep ay a10Jaq aUIS YsT|sUy,
ayp 01 wsidessa Jo Wo]quIo Ue se Poors BuO] sey LOU
"yprew
J9A9U ]]1A UlsnoD UeIpIosUOT S11 IEE LOARY e — UO SII Je IOAEY
& pue Azorsty & sey Ospe AF AN "aud pom SuNpHYD v Uadd UNy
Jo asuas 8 pure Aud penasa]JarUF Surauyp v ‘aunyjnogns Av3
Suons e — voyteg Ut Ano JaIsis S11 Yat UOUTOD UF YonUL areYs
sop 21 pue , ‘purjsiug jo oasiouery ueg au, 11 |]e9 aug "UIEIUg
UL soanyjnd [ryYNOA ‘Ande asoU a4p Jo aUO 07 aWOY st UOIYUG
‘seo Way Nos ay? UO [1e4 Aq UOPUOT] Jo YANos snoy UR NOG Y
Japy}as uesog [y]zeH] EPIL —
umop nok deay uno apzup xassng fo 1unowy
ow puv ‘Aang ayp kq umop sapio fo ud v wap pun ‘avy, "PULAU
ayn <q umop ‘skvq\ any pu pooy uopuo7] waamiaq ruDnnIsaL
upipuy any ay wouf Komv-ayD1 poy 20,no€ Jn, pany 10U aa,nok nq
‘spptuojoo yoIsawoY NOK 4of spppUOC}IW PUP INP] VVq 20,20 "YO
yuna ayp sav pun ‘vyp1osUOZ Uw SsO4p aYp [PP 4of UONYBUg. apo.
2,uppom | ng ‘1p pun Koo} s,vaxfiovg pavay aa,y ‘a6 YO)

uo2yBrig

suatujop pu souors Sutpues UL You AEMoUed ome
wopSury axp jo saryonp woisaa ay "fenplAIput so UONDe a]BuIs
ou Aq payjonuos saoejd Sunaaur pennou se pur sppom uaaaiog
speorssor9 se ‘pury ayp pur ajdoad ay uaavaq swutod SundouU09
sb aAias 001 hat ‘ASLIapAseD sv IUAIOd sv 0 aBUaYDUOIG se UMOLD}
-[Jo4 se 10U sdeyod apiyA\ souors SuIpueas jo axeys su sey YO)
Jo Wopsury oy "AYFIyY ays Jo as] aya Jo sare asouL Ayr]
"yanos aya jo punoss A19apis ay Woy 494 90U v Aq payed sea LOL
ayp wy poratjaq ‘suoNLIauDs pjorun so} dey sHUpyYS Aya

998 01 Asea st at ‘asoUp ay] SOUT TY "94s ayy] AUIYS 02 WHS [9811
puna Aaa ayp uayar yar UooU Aq sUMOP y]EYD AUB Jo IYBIS sIy
aye paouaytsaze suistonuD [Je ang yMs Yons ur MoI URS BUIyAAUE
Moy We pajaarew sey sajaaen v AUeUL ‘Jos UBED arsed 10 91919U09
paxtur Ayysoay ay] 210M SuPoo] Fulqumastp aysuUMOp aAoxd
ue pnus-yjey> xassng Joaysis ayp ‘swopsury WayOU ay Jo yw
‘umo1g-y9eIq YOU ax 02 pasn asoup Jo} ‘ANUNOD ays INoYsNoALp
UMOUY-]]9A\ SI saNUNOD WY NOs ay2 Jo Jos AxeYD YL
"uoIgY Jo seare |nyaoead aro ayp Jo BuO pauTEUIaI Sey aJoYN
bse wopSuy ayp ‘sarypnp jenpraIpur panded aaey peBiporg ayp
pue ureyjey.y pt suzayqoud peuoises00 yBnoy,y "Aaypenrdsoy wae
pue sjeannsaj auanbay sit 40 uNOUy{ Ua9aq sey A]EYD Jo WOpBUTY ax
Suruag souuidsayer nyso ayp ‘9[nu asay sat Jo sKep atp aouIg ‘Buns
paurewar aavy siaiygnep pue suos apiyausia soy pue eipeary
01 san sir ‘(aYy8nosq Ay AayeuRG axp jo Buns ayp Ja9y 01 assy
aqp pur) suewoy axp Aq papas ware siy atp seat Yysnoy J "aoueL]
01 Autwurxord aso sat 02 BuO ‘sWOpSUPy [EUaUTUOD AYP YpLAL
joBIUOD aso tp PeY ATJEdUOISTY sey JY Jo wopsury ay |
aourdy Jo Nyse ‘uBLAg prea) —
a4OUL OU ING ‘sar [PIPLOD UIDULAA 01 2x1 PJnOm am
‘agj2 4anaivym pup soysurag pup auorg pun isiyy fo swopSuryy snot
ayy) wy Kos asn{ sn 227] "JYPW-AS-UOPY 02 jpomULoD wo4s Poa ay
uadoas 01 sunjd anos fo mouy,1,uop am yur 1,uop puy ‘nok moynm
auif asnf Suop aap Kuonug pup apuryproig fo umyny ay wy
mou Kq mouy prnoys nok ing ‘421m ay1 ssou9D Kaunoo snompaqar ay
fo joxiuoo wo8a4 01 1uDMm Nok moy fo sauors ayp pavay 20,1 "YO

yy Jo wopBury| OY |

"uoreU atp1 pea] 01 UO O8 {]1M OY shoq
ay Surdeys ‘mou sapesap 10} 19pIO PLO MAN aU Jo S010} a4p Aq,
pareurwiop uaag sey uorg Aqueayy ‘aauapisal pesos at Jo aysts ax
Aq paudsur axe sistinoy zaaiay zead yoea reUp IUKaLH sey AYDIEUOUE
a\p joaurysap ayp pue ‘passassod a2u0 umvoa ay Artpenb ayer Antej aup
panteur sey uodiny mompeapy Aqaeau e souejdate josvoy ay,
"Aqueau
spoom ayp ur siseaq snseiuEy jo stuNysis ayp SupUTE]dxa premor Avan
uo] v OF pnom aeup ‘pp a1 41 ‘sINOd JQ ‘saLMIUAD UT Pash UdAq 10U
sey a1 avy Ajay S} a} YS1Xo 2DUO PIp 21 JI ANq ‘pon atp Jo aouaplAa
ou nin dn awo oaey vase oup Sunesasoaut sBuyasueys wo
-poyy "a194p snuTULA si! pey 99U0 EIpEDIY pu JospUl/A, YOAKI9q
pon & 1wkyp aaarfaq auos pue ‘Ky ay YIM parerosse uaaq Buo]
sey {2OS,aUIA}{ se UMOUY 9aN Yeo IUD!UL ay | ‘pauaddey AIUD.
YlOZ OYp UL asvag SunsanZy yp jo Sunysis sy ayp axayar ospe
seat JOspUL/y\ ‘sjeAor at Jo doUApIsaL [eIOYJO aug se ->]quION
duina8 deopas uopseny ,Aasny,, ry —

Mod. ,unwooyg ay 01 asopo os 11 pying 01 aay Kayp p,kym ang
‘yp pun apisvo Kano] v 5,31 uv aung,, ‘Kos Kop sayro ays ayo]q wos
paay Kjpomion | ‘mowy nok cy *Cayprdmas fo jana} 49420 ajoym v ,un4por
a.m ‘Cuorsiy 4of adsausip ayp asnf 10 sa] "sort kpoog,

YOSPUI[y)


[Jf "Sunpou 2as nog ‘sawn s2y3Q "2y8u asnf st 2y8y ays uaym ‘as009
ayn ffo isnt Gao uayuns v fo supwar ays 225 uv9 nok souNaWOS

\jpmux07
Jo faypdisuric|ay |.

-aaeas pur ypunyp jo uoneredas ou st
aroyparaya Anno e ur ajqissod se yonuu se sea] Ie — pom ay jo
sontjod at toy saayastiatp arersossestp 01 pan aaey staxsOYC)
WOW ‘SQQGT ayA UI YDuNYD UEDSUY ay jo UORULOY ay JO
aum ayn ae paptarp Ajdieys azam suorutdo ysnoy y."]Jam se sns04)
ayp jo IY UO Saye pey aaey AYrEXAIY YsINYD JeNOW aYp
paysou aaey reyp suistyps s1pouad ay J "says aup Ut AnTuENsY 10}
1utod [ed05 axp uaaq sey AunquaqUE, ‘s1oIaNbUOD 1918] PUR sUELIOY
aq) Yat puepst ayp 01 auIeD UONEFaLTUOD pardeg aup Jo sHaquuatU
pur semipy Jo stuog ys1y au our "sade srIOYD JeNIsA]9- JOIN st
ansoddo ayp ‘Aingsaques Jo 1e9]9 padeas aavy sSurjaSuey> J]

aoed aup jo Anrjenautds 20 yprey ap
Ur aseaioap Aue inoypin Sutsea1out Appears uaag aavy sjaaa] 39Ue
-r9]0 pur "ayennunds awewsayye Ur sarpnas 40} UMOUY st ANSIOATUN
P20] aL "UNO? [ryRNeag sty 1 y>eq UTE~PFY axow UANeIp sey
Yypmnyy ayp jo ued axp uo aoue19]02 Sutseaxout ‘ury soup pur sBuy]
-aslueyp asow Aq paptoae uaaq Sud] sey AinqumUED ayy Og
"apis Aq apis asixa 01 ayqe azam suptey Mou pue plo
ayp azaya ‘Aunquorse|9 01 Aem atau apeur Suey °s|]9q YoINyD ay
Jo punos atp woy pareaziai pur ajgendsoyut aq 02 vase ay punoy
ay) ou! AYSIU Yea apisino soyeD puw wear SuLAeay ‘shea PO
af AO}]O} 01 panuTUOS aos YBNOY | "Joy PooH ay ypIA\ san Te
yeaig 01 aoejndod je20] atp paseanooua pur ‘suowap se axyaas]>
pue oii 9x aaneu ay uUIspUoD 01 YIN adm JIS] ay2 OF
awoD 01 saUBUOISSIUE ISIY AYLL "sploysuons s,yaIE} ayp Jo au U9Aq
sey Aingiaiues ‘puepsiug o2 Aaruensiy jo Suro ayp aug
JaISUOYD [NSAID ‘trorpury euayapseyy —
Koni 2g v som souosys fo ssaraag ay yim nq ayp fr wana
‘Koos ‘Kpmis Sunsauarur up aumey -sai2vany9 pouonvu ysnug. 2p
aouanyfur 01 suo Kays moy pup ummiug fo sdnoa poyar3out 1uaLaffip
ay fo Caors ayn pyor yory ‘say 1 Cinquarune fo isos v num o1 fyasiay
uodn 11 yoo aun fo argjooy Suurdsv uv ‘yo0q suvak maf y

fangus2uD7)

"wayp jo aout asnf+"sqy
ae soyea sty 7p teyp ueaUa,usaop (Sop daays yst]suq PjC Ue Jo IAD
-stutttiar uaitit 8 {pta) eood & se wy aztuBoDa1 AfarEIpoUTU [pI
ureypryy Joyo wey 198} BY J "vare ay Jo spuasa] pur saz0rs ayp 10}
Azourour aaissoudut ue aAey sop ay ‘Apeasye UO MOUY}2,US9OP 9yJt
‘way! uaatd Aue puryag gois e aUaAUL Aypensn ypiat ay ysNOY |
uaanb ayp jo wey ey ued
240 seat aBvOUT] sTOUp JI se 2303s 9yp UT sanbrUE snoueA a4 Jo Aue

jo Aroasty aratua ayp 221202 []1m pue ‘49.40 soum [eIDAas a10Is ay JO
SaA]aYs at UO Yoo Auaaa peas aavy 01 suIAas a} "ase siy andsap
‘das siy ut Sunads e pure ada sry ut apqutaa e ‘preag ABseys e UIA

uuetwa|1uad e ‘sueag 2upac) auo st azoxs atp Jo sovoUudoud ay]

"BurypAue Ang 01 se |fewMpp>1uy snouea ay puryag sauors ay
aeay 01 yonun se ‘ut dors uayo s[e20] puk sIsuNo J -I9EUNOD Aap]
ue sioidap uals yeosuny asoym ‘Beg pappuuyy ayp st sdoys
asayp Jo 3sap]o atp Jo aUG ‘sdoys ound pue anbaue ‘syueINeysol
jo Azaea v asnoy AOU SAUTE dtp ‘seas aU PaxOm OYA Yoaysy,
Jo aWOY ap 22UO ‘sauTET atp se UMOUY sAaqe SuNstau ‘MouTEU jo
JoMISIP UeLISopad k suis UOIYsLUg UMOIUMOP Jo UeDY ax UT
afeg papfuur\ aup Jo roraudoud ‘sueag supa —
"nok sof nq ‘21 es 01 Bu08 2,usvm | ‘mony {Buna v
fo pooyg ayn fo apou.
au.ayr ‘24ay my ayn uo sjool ay. iffasuuy aSw0aF "ag &q popjoum
p4oms aya st siya zwyr Cauoysnn pos Kiaa Uo 31 2a0, | <p4oms siyp 22S,
"poy ‘ura ssond "yay gpua8a] v asnf som a1 aysNoy | "uaqymg 1g
Jo a20ut aso) ayp aq 01 suaddy, sty ing ‘punoan 1 ,upvaids 08 1,uop
‘mony cvs a6 1,uppiom ‘aysng v armey garmut a49y styp ‘20/A\

a6pC{payyurapy) 24]

Arey Apooyg & uo uoneueA suios Apuaredde
‘suoned J9uo} sqnj> ayp jo atuos Suowe se{ndod yuUp e jo

yons asnf Cng 01 Bunyoo) a4,nox :vs af p sya

v padojaaap sey ays reyp Avs auuc
yaaa YuUp Aue xu O} age 9q 01 sUTEPD sKpEID ‘ArUeA apia
pue Asuatod say 10} tpoq UMOUY are SfUUP au pur ‘uorysug
UL yenba anoypun axe seopueg ae sIsMUE pue SIysI] oy,

pai02u02

‘woos ypeq ayp ur Say UIA qua
-sayip Ayaunua Surpauios Surop sem ays 2etp wTE|D sIa{pO YBnoy
‘Janp atp 01 101d asnf aBesaaaq Sunestxonut A]ysty wos SuryuUp
ou} wry payin pey spe[D Apuaredde ang ‘Amopeys are sjreap
AULL ‘[aMp & UF pjeuray Woy 21 YOM sXpeyC reYR pres st a1 ‘ArOIs
ay MOU 02 WIE]D OYM asoyp BuOWTY "spueY paBuEYS qn]> ay2
{yprya sapun saoueysumnons ayp ase aoejndod perouad ay Suowe
UMOU 897] "saoY SuLAIEN JayIO punoy aaey ‘Wayp s{]e> eUIOY
sv ‘pmou pasejayed saurjada 39e]q atp Jo sow ‘A|INPFUEYP YBNop
‘g]oquat]9 21408 a10W JeYMUIOS vor paraIeD ‘puopare pA PILUIBOY
U0 aUMO JaLLIO} ap IUD pres st ay "ssoutsng Surautp e OU aAIp
aptseas 8 aou0 sem 1eym pauuM aaey OyM UTEUDIY Joared ve NAY]ze]]
spe} pur epli Aq paresado pue paumo st xog s,eopueg
aoeindod Suyjasuey> jeo0] ay pue
sislino2 02 Xassng puke UOIYsUG Jo saNIsIaATUP) yA Woy sIUApNas
Je90] Woy ‘s1uay]D Jo AraLeA apt e tI ze[Ndod st s,eropueg ‘IYsIE
uaa Aue uo aouepuante ut sajdno> Aes jo aeuaoIad aBexAv-uEY
ro yty e sey at a]!yA "puepsug Jo ynos axp ur aouEp pue o1sMU
JsoMoY dtp 10} UONeANdas paasasap-[jom B sky Xog s,eIopUuRg ‘uop
-U07] apisino 1ods1ysiu Surpasuey> uaouy-asaq ayp Ayqeqorg
Xog s,elopurg Jo J9UMO JAMO} ‘propare jy Peuay —
Sunpowos
Sunpursvf Kjamjosqv

aamb {qypae"1y8y pun 10,09 fo kod ap

aun paypoisuy an nok siasy] asoyp ‘Kos asmut | "ySnoynpy "uorssardxa ays

opind 1], n0€ fr ‘a1owsCun aray wi poap ry8nv2 aq 2,uppnom ajoruay>
Apna Kw fo sow mowy nok adoy | Cvp Cut ur yoog poy 11 Cayou0w
pun Cars fo via nmyp ‘wenyo avyp aso] ng [Pp svy 220,d ay, "KPO
‘aonid ay) yam auop 2a,nok wym ayy) | Kos Kpsauoy 2,UD> |

xXog spaopun¢|


hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I'dnot be telling you, but there it was,
shimmering beneath the waves. Some say it's the home of a motley of
mad mages. I've heard them called Bold Marauders, but I hold with
those who say it's echoes of Ys off in the Dreaming we're seeing

—Mitch Kindling, redeap knight

Once its own kingdom, the southwest corner of England is
now partof the Kingdom of Chalk. Dartmoor Park has been the site
of more than one midsummer gathering, away from the prying eyes
of mortals. Stone circles litter the landscape of the southwest like
nowhere else in the south of England. The Merry Maidens, Mén-
an Tol, countless dolmens and barrows remain popular gathering
spots with local Kithain, who seek to remember the tales of the
past.

St. Michael's Mount, a craggy island at the southern tip of
Cornwall, is the terminus of the so-called St. Michael's Ley, or
Dragon Ley. Legends from Mont-Saint-Michel off the Brittany
coast in France imply that the two places were once connected by
a trod, but no evidence remains today,

Tincagel

They say the wind off the sea can howl like the dead on a
moonless winter night, but we hear the cries of centuries gone by, the
weeping of a hundred souls being pulled apart by Banality when the
magics of their stones cannot hold. And there's one up in Glastonia
what bears the blame, for holding the faults of one against the lives of
a hundred what wanted only to have a glade to shelter from the
Autumn wind.

Some say we folk don't walk the Earth as restless spirits when
our bodies pass on, but they've not heard the wind through the ruins
on Alll Soul's Night here

— Danny Kenson, sluagh of Comwall

Oncea great castle, Tintagel now lies in ruins. The remaining
structure was built in 1236 by the Earl of Cornwall Legend claims
Tintagel to have been the birthplace of King Arthur (at least,
according tosome English versions of the legend) and the location
of the cave where Merlin was imprisoned

Some claim that the castle was built at the insistence of the
earl's wife, who was kinain. II omens had shown that the time of
the Shattering was drawing near, and some of the fae in the area
hoped that a stronghold might be constructed that could draw
upon the energies of the nearby ley lines and hold together the
fraying threads that bound the land of Fairie to the land of men.
Whethersucha thing could have been possible is up for debate, but
in the end, no freeholds at Tintagel survived the Shattering.

Disputes over the locations and ownership of any new free-
holds split the region's fae into a dozen or more factions, some of
which hastily attempted to find suitable places to found freeholds
of their own. But sacred stones potent enough to sustain freeholds
were hard to find. Some claim a quarrel between the earl's wife,
who is said to have served as one of the maidens at Bride's Hall in
her youth, and Megan, the guardian of the flame in Glastonbury,
resulted in a refusal to allow any fae of Cornwall to partake of the
Great Balefire at Bride's Hall to establish new freeholds fora period
of a hundred years. There is some evidence of this to be found ata
nearby stone circle, as well as in the so-called "Merlin's Cave"
nearby Tintagel, but neither is a freehold today

Ley Lines

The study of etheric conduits is one that has plagued
scholars for countless centuries, and in truth, we know little
more now than we did a generation ago about the means by
which they function. If any of you would like to present a term
Paper on the status of research in this field, preferably with new
research of your own incorporated into the body of knowledge
thus far accumulated, please see me following the lecture.

— Dr. Tanya Beckensthwate, Son of Ether, from a
lecture at Barrow College

Understood by many cultures throughout the world, ley
lines carry the life energy of Gaia to every point in the world.
Most major Nodes, freeholds and caerns lie along these "old
straight tracks," and any place where two or more lines cross
is likely to be a place of legend. Even ghost stories tell of the
mystic power of crossroads. Scholars among Kithain, mages
and other supernaturals have varying theories on the origin
and exact nature of the leys, none of which seem to wholly
capture their essence. But regardless of which theory a given
scholar ascribes to, all agree that their power seems greater in
the Isle of the Mighty than elsewhere in the world.

The Kingdom of CDisc

We take tradition seriously here, and you would do well to
follow suit while you are in our domain. If you have any doubt on an
isswe, speak to the seneschal or any of the other officers of the court
We respect the desires and needs of both courts, though you would do
well to remember which of us holds sway at any given time. While
Morwyd might look on the actions of that unfortunate pooka childling
who was here last summer as delightful pranks, I was complete
within my rights to order his execution for poisoning Chalice Well
with hallucinogens

— Queen Karolinda of Glastonia

Though its official title is Kingdom of Mist, this region is
known by many other names among both Kithain and mortals.
The Summerlands, the Land of Apples, the Kingdom of Scrumpy,
Glastonia and the West Country are but a few of the local names
for this enchanted land. Its strong ties to legends of Camelot and
Avalon are pethaps what it is best known for, but there is more to
this area than the visitor sees at first glance.

The name of this kingdom dates back to the time of the
Sundering. Even as the rest of the world broke with the Dreaming,
as the trods became obscured and whole freeholds were being
swallowed up, the West Country's ties between the people and the
fae remained strong,
remained whole...more or less. While in other areas trods disap-
peared completely and gates to the Dreaming shattered like falling
icicles, much of the Land of Apples was engulfed in strange mists.
While many of the places the fae cherished elsewhere lay far from
human settlements, in Glastonia fae and mortals lived side by side,
drinking from the same wells and observing the same festivals.

enasthe two worlds pulled apart, Glastonia

Chapzer Two: The Kingdoms of Aldion


"uosuoo pue (uaenb Jo) Supy se uMoUy U92q
aaey Aayp ‘(apeutay 10) apew azam siaqna Yiog UaYyM sporiad
asotp Sump ‘uaanb pue Suny se ye s1ajnu oay axp sasedasour
uy y8noy y "aq oureyag 01 ureYWeg Woy s~pUoUL saUTN
ayp saao Aeas spjoy s9]ru a1paasup aup opty ‘ang ureyureg
01 auENjag Woy sans YoseUOUL atfaag ay, "aPaasuA,
satpio ay pue arjaag auo ‘pousiar shemye aaey siajru ow
"pbs UL Sutpunoy s,uopsury ayp aouig "yenau stp paasasqo
stuopaury Suroqysiau saatay ‘weak Butssed yea YIN Tey
198y ay audsap ‘wnusauaruy atp inoysnowrp ,sUNOD om,,
ayjjo uoHpen ayp paureurew siguoWTUIOD ‘ypIs axe s19[TU
quand atp) YBNoY J "Ised sayMqUaD Ut pip aey axp se suoseas
dup jo SuiBueyp axp aarasqo [pas oym puey ay ur sx9MU ApUO
ayy Buoure axe spuepsiyy atp jo uaanb pue Bury ay

spuepasiyy atp jo pAauoyy Bury —
"aut ys nok fi syruou
Cuuns 242 108 sCompp not aoyp pidmas Kpoojg "wary 01 addv p,|
yu pouunp a4,nok ‘Suny ySry v svm azays fr "72h "2Uxf YO
{datum ayp 201 NOK pun sduUns ay) 128 | AvaK IU KOS WY,
ay ‘uayoug aq 01 Tuva ai suONIpEL wos ‘UPaU | "FUL
puokag s1 syruow sayrvam Ksnop aya yrim yoms 128 | Ky

s24no7) OM | 2Y |. ge

hea 19410
Aue 2} 2aky 2,Uppnom azay at] OYM asoup pue ‘suas ay) JO
S|}! yp ame se pury ay Jo sued e yon se age sista ay | "yor OY
AY) UO Uaas are spnoj> SUT[TAS UAyA patOM Jou pastidins
sa\p}ou are ast Jo WopSury, axp jo sMuapisay asow ‘BuruEaU
Jo asne> SASH ap sAMEYA\ "Je 1e SuNoU |JeD91 asour
ang ‘Anny 10 ased atp Jo suoIstA andea soquiousay sist yy BUNTY
ayp Woy WuMIAL OYA aUIOg "eIqUIF) atp JO spuE|NoPEYs ap
‘eipeary 07 Aemared Aresoduiay jo puny & wo} sastws ATyaUN
asayp qeyp parejnoeds useq sey ay [Je IW IOU aUIOs "19Ie]
skep 10 sinoy wimax awog ‘urEse Ino Ava sIoyp Suypuy Usp
‘ur Ayauq Suyapuem <Juo saquiawas Aypensn vare papnosys
Aasur & uF Avm s1aY aso] OYA asOKLL "AyJeoHOUdAY asoMNTE
‘sasiyy SuUTYg arp UYpIM punore aaep pure aUIUUTYS sI0]0D 9fe%q
-suiosso[q ajdde yarm pantiaosazaaug 343} @ Aq pauias‘pnop>19un
-sIpur ‘prumny "weM ese Way aquosap doUEISIP B WOY SISTA
Buruyg ayp ua9s aavy oym asoyy ApUEIOdUIM ploy Uo OF
oy Noge st Aqyead IBY suLsUT sKeMTE [BALE Jatp pue "AQUNOD,
3S9,Q\ AYP UL parysis axe sist ayp ‘aw O2 QUIN WoL,
souls Joy pue preypeD euUELY ‘AypouUEG,C Wer] —
"umop aum mp amu
01 10Ys Aayploun Lof 9013 2,upmnom | wY/A\ *s20821 Moy saquiauias
uno | fi pauunp'*Buos aos fo siaddius a1am saquiauias ppnor
[ una Guo ap ‘aia fo mo som | paznves | uayy "1yStupru
01 UO AVAL spa 1 ‘uMOI 01 490q 103 KUL | aU aya Kg "TPH
S,aplg av aur fo usnoo pista on Com Kut uo ‘Buriow auo unwp
auofaq asnf ‘sy]24\ aptsmo asnf sisnu ays ort pasapuom |

s28IC{p Bututys dy |.

fiayBic(ED 242 Jo a8]

wopsury atp jo Auew jo aus atp uaaq sey |e} drysmoypay ‘spreysu0

ajdde yo saune pexaaas jo 1a1ua9 ayp ut papsay "| soue( Sury Jo sep
atp UI parsnnsuod sty ‘asnoy JOUR B SUIS YEG Woy 12 ON
TPH drysmoyjay Jo xAres arppasu ‘era —

pup a p wym--Kypung wo suoow mau 01 11 Susou

fo Sunyunp 21,24) °210} fo un Knrasd uano8 aavy sSunp og ,, Cand

awand v sit ‘ssvj Kuog,, ‘u2anb ay 01 kos 01 Bus03 nok a4v wym

"uvaue | "sn ypim Suopp 301 07 Burka uaag soy vpunowny waandy Ker]

nq ‘unf a4oue 20} v aq 01 pasn ay "Buddyp Cuurys awos sof sums ayp 01

umop 03 sn fo young v ‘Kupaniwg v uo uoow jprf v s asaya aun Kiana
ing ‘no€ pur ‘2uoCun asnf 01 uo sty Sussspd oF 1,uop mony

TG | diysmoj>-|

‘y8nomp saurys aed atp yo ammaeu jensuas ApUarayut atp ‘sans
Buraino Apuad si Suope stoped pue suojes aya Bunsoy AI9190s
antjod yo z29uan atp audsap ‘aureu si yreg oat yeUp siaVeA at Jo
sa¥Biaua p]ia atp jonuos pue A1po9 01 sadwane quaredde andsop
ang ‘siaans 54419 wapou ay dn axyeu aeyp s1uassax9 pue s9[2119
atp y8nonp qareg ay) o1ur paquosua sauna pue sainsy xajdwio>
YyBnomp sarizua sit snd} 02 YBNos puke ‘pue] ayp jo sanzadoid
JeoBew arp yo Mouy sarypue s,4a19 Wapowr ayp IeUp pres stay

jAnunog sayy at UF UALO AI9190s st Ut puy sjeMeUadns
wapoul op 2wyM ang "saLINUaD 40} UONWUIBeUNT aL pans aAey
ypreg jo siarea ayp ‘Apeafcy "It aresqaya> aeYp saLioas ay pue AAI
tp Uo seu sit yay Sey spioM UY Japjo WopstA e pur Aatjensuas

Jo asoup Yaa Wopsia jeULIOY pue JapYO Jo saa10} UIaMIDq a183NNIs
plo-aie sty y "Antap vas v 44-1 Jo sajea zapjo yam Bury Suse spreg,
tp eUUOD |[Ns spuasia] Jpjo pur ‘sie ay ayeI 01 a19Y aUTED
220 sea] Bury s,azvadsayeys wtp []3 spuds] "WOpsiM Jo ssoppod
‘earauryy Jo 998) seINUNRY ay2 pearsut aes sIorsnbuoD ULWOY
‘s1]Ng ssoppo8 ay Jo som ayp aves sureMg aUA!UE ay D194,

PHom ayp pue sajs] ayp zaA0 Je toy SWAT pId UmeAp aaey sI9IEM
Buyjeay sa yo sanzodoud yeotsiew paindar ayy "siajaaen wapour
Suouwre sejndod surewar tpeg ‘sueWOY ayp jo aun ay sours
siauoneses pue AYU! a~p ‘You ay Jo} aszjd BuyaIpeEs y

avy snEIsog ‘UaMQEWy sopLYyD —
sBunya mogn Kyonor os auv 10] NOK "yoE ;Suppry "auifuog axou ay.
4of Suppury 5.21 asimaayi "sunok s a1 '21 fo SunpGun ayout uv nos fy

auay Surcors soyood fo Kapow amp poy am aun asvj ay wouf 4201/2]
aq poo 21 "ump uayn'*"{fms pup suonwnba asaya [Jp aap a49y way)
pun ‘Kno ayn fo dou pjo uv s,24ay ‘2ag "aumsanyo.n 40f Sunp p ym
INDULLIY AULOS WOAs S920 aYp a $00] "WLOO4 90g aYp UENO punof
am aspa7}o49s snp 1 00] pun dn uo auod ‘aun 108 aa,NOK ff

yavg

"vipeory Jo souowow
SSuyaaueyp spnoyp rey 9210} aures ayp se sisi assy as mou
Aueyy ‘paisixa saaasaoejd asap jo Auew ae 19810} 07 Way Sutsned
‘a1oyp poaly OM |]e UO 218eur |nPoMod & paxsom Aayp ‘adeospury
ayp papnoy> Aayp oun aya Suung :paciear sem sist ayp jo
samod ann ayp aeqp zie] yonua [UN OU seas ay "Butssed stu pa1ou
‘aj ‘Ayjeatden pur ‘paysiuea sapeys pue spuepst ‘saye7 "pasueys
s9,a10} pur] & puta Sutava] ‘papacar sisiur ay ‘uN Uy

"2oU seat YM ple ay seAL IEA INO
Sunios jo Aem s pur] ayp aiaa sisttw ayp aetp pres pur ‘pappou uiog


uoigiy jo swopBury) 24 omy wa2dpyy

ing 9ey Sump jo uonou ap apequoy Yor ‘"ayjeueg jo pury Mou
a1 (pus ayBnoug AarueNsUYD jo Surwoo ayp ‘seare AUEW UT
Aanquoase[g jo 19y90u ‘uouaag ayy —

opunp

nok,p ‘sof 21 Sunsar aq Kay prnom yung wo wy,\ "seuen pospuny

D mo paifis pun paSozow) u2aq 2,usPY IY LAIN IY _UE TuNpOU

52449 ‘nok j]a1 uno | "Bunsar 1of 11 fo asv> aoym v parapso uasny

U 4200 rifimo YouwasaL saIDDOssY [!OUNOD FMOS Avay | 22M 150]

"wan suo12aq}09 v fo Bunpawos awooag soy Buds ays woaf jas Koy
Ja1om papiog ayp mq 21 2y8noy aavy Prom s9aaU | ‘mMowy,A

fnguo2sp|5 2stuno |.

"ureauig ut aods yeorseus auaiod sow ayp Ayqyssod
sf Ainquoise|9 ways 10u — uaddey 01 mojje 10u TJM vare axp Jo
suaziuap Jeanseusadns ayp aetp Surpawos st weyp puyy "a]qesedaut
24 pynom aoe|d atp jo aunds ayp uo axey pynoa a1 ayo ayp ‘AoUoU

jureBe 11 op ued Kau os UMop arp 0
ysouaqUt 94 10} Sunrea Ayduns Aaup aze AG) "waze aup Ur Apare]
Puno} udaq aaey sajau1d Mau OU 40} ‘papua sey pI

ateddy "pyiom ayp ssore spjay ur susisap yryrour

01 aBuayfey ayp dn uayer avy Auew pr
adoing ut jeusnof aBy many pue plojqea Arana ut paprooas
uaaq aavy sy{nsaa SY L "UNy aWOS AY Or Paplrep sur]
-odueyp pur sadew parenqaut Ayysry pesaaas'(aoueyurenboe
enanu jo afew sauzapy Jo apo Ue Jo SuPyoow ap] & 10u
pue) Surysne] pue SuPfuUp Yonur ayy "eyood peraAVs 01
soy podeyd |e} drysmoyjay uoya aysru zuTuNs 9U0 parteas
seq azes9 ajouio doxo ajoyas ay J. "01 Ajay] Aap ue JON,

eQuawy pue

‘ssaaioud ou apeui aay Aayp 294 se ang ‘uouauoudyd
siya sasnes IeYA 4A0dsIp o2 pardwone oaey sish
-ualog ‘safes 1ua}uE Jo 10% axp puadiod ou Aww ANUNOD
S9/K\ PU JO SPIPY ay Ur UOIsIoad JeHeWDYEU YAK
umeap soindy atp J} Jopuom auasaad pu ased ayp Jo sue!
-1Beu [eruOUIAIa9 Jo Som ayp ApMas OYM st9daa]g 2904 |
"ap D4I9 ayp UL santap a4oU! 40 aU WY sUBIS aas SIUC
"asned aup aye SOY) wite]D autog ‘asne> uaredde ou Yat
"ures3 Jo spjay ut pareadde aay suianed pur saj2u19 aueng
"J] 9 se eoLaWTY UT Apuadas pue ‘UreIUG INoYsnostp splay
ul painoso sey UoustuoUayd afues e ‘s1e9k 149993 UT

a8a]]0D moueg 1e
Bunnn99] ‘941g Jo Uog ‘suAypsuayDag eAUE | IG] —
sppayf Kqavau ur tuanind v sv frasn
sisoftupus ‘sasy Cupue ur ‘yorym ysvpjong poxa8ou fo pur
vaompord uv foasayp CBiaua ay) yum Buradwns Cup ‘a8vyids
auayia fo uos Kup moyn arosado saumrount ayn sasv9 1s0UL
ut yBnoy_1,°ss0ao ‘sauyy Kay ‘408}na ays ur 40 ‘srmpuos uayr2
240M 40 oma uaym paonpoad sppaif IneuTwoL22]9 Suows
ayp 01 anp aap pooign pun Kquvau spjarf ut porsasgo suiar
tod asayn ‘yarn uy *sButaq jDuoIsuauUpH.axa fo uoNUaAsaIUt
ay 01 ‘21 anny pynom awos sv ‘anp 11 st 4oNy "2auaLiNI90 Mar
1 woaf svf st s2jo419 do49 sv umowy uouawouayd ay.)

sajoulz dod

ysuno) BOW AeIp IY8!W suoHepoUTWOD. pue UONEUOdsUEN
peaoudun apry jy "Aen aeyp ay zayard swuapisay s Aanquoase}o)
"souioy asepeaiq pue paq TuEpUNge ay UT Atas suOseaS
Asnq ssa] Suunp siajaaen asow pue ‘spjay Aqieau ut dures aunf
yea (]]2x se noure|D Jo pooy e Sutonpoad pue) aqojs aya sore
woy sauuopad Surmedp ‘Jearasay Ize ay 01 AWODIEYp SBUOID OY |
sans ysty ayp srw Ja.oy asu-YstY 10 wEINERSAI Pooy-asey apsUIS
8 20U pur ‘sassnq sno) Jo UTeaNS IUEISUOD B BULAEIp plore o2 pase
-ueusey Ainquorse]9 ‘uoa y-uodn-piopeng ay!jup) ‘Ainquorse|o)
01 S]]>A\ WO sng JYPoUR AyeUY pue ‘s]]>~Q 01 YEG WOY
snq B "yaeg 01 UOpUOT] WoY UTED v ayeI AsIY sn UOdsuEN SIIqQnd
eta Aunquoase|5 Yoead 02 YstA\ OYA Sta]aABN ‘UOPUOT] WoY sUTEN
Ajrep Aq paotaaas aze ysis, sow a]IYA Joy ‘sanUOYNe sen
aygnd ysnug ay 01 Aoeaud sit Jo awos somo Ainquorse|)
"aue sadeyd Joyxo maj Se aNOWIE]S UT YU suo AUA sy! PUR UMOI ay
aday aaey suze pur sIsnut jo JeAnasaj jenuUE WapoU ay ‘ApuazaL
duou! ‘pur 4u0rsiy ueAsUYD YoU su ‘sayea Ysuy pure YsUg qUaIOUR
satpo se [JM se spudsia] ueUNEAY ay 01 san Sy] "AIorsTY 9ey YI
Jey]wUeFUN asoup UT UdAd ‘UOREUTBEUNT aU sIAs AINquorse]|)
spurjasoy aup jo wua8ay ‘auorsamny,\ se3pq —
spuny umyany ut a1 day 01 Sunysif sauyy uoaf ayi uo a4ay) umop
auo asaif ayp aq q,] ‘Kanquorsy}s) aynr 01 Susy auokun fo avay | ft
"ow .40 s4apiog ing *2ounistp ano daay am os pun ‘Kym araya aavy su
Aaya ing "vuuar, ut s4a.aodos Supjow asoys asn{ unya 2am} ayn fo
JoxU091uDM oy snoas pun sponpraipur axoW aav aLayp WIA S1 49TIDUL
aya fo yma ays ng ‘unoy asauif saya so r99dwog ayy mo rUI0d 01
ano] Kay. "Canquorsy} fo uonsaroad ays 40f Kyuo ft ‘wopSupy asus
D sp sn yum Sunwol sapisuo> prom spurpsiyy ay) 2043 pynom |

Ranguo2spf

"py slay pue sod ayp
01 aoejd atp pauopuege aavy 01 waas Aayp ing ‘TuaLayIp aq pjnom
Aaoas ayp aqnop ou ‘9]e2 sap Pjor apis HaULap] ay UO sIOALAINs
Aue J] ‘pjor uaaq sey aye2 B Yons aU asHYy BYR aq I0U []LA0 II "Rare
ayp Woy saew SnaULa} Jo [equ e aAoup sayyfe.zayp pue sie08 ay
MOY Jo a]e3 aUp Akay sisang ‘BurUDAa Ue Jo asINOD ay} 49A0 4]
"soqatNsoy arentut 02 uO ay aq 02 sIuEM apis sayRaU YsnoYp ‘aypIs
ayp yin sejndodun sureusar drysmoyjag ayp ‘Kay Jo sey, ap ut
sane aAzes stax Suupre uy wed sit 104 "awo9]9m peut are sp1o} 90}
yp anes je "wey Warp op 01 Ya9s OY asou WOY UAALY ayes E 10}
40 Auyaaas jo Suruaaa uv 10y dows Aayp sayzaya ‘YUU v.10 FuLUDAI
Ue JO} AWOD sIsaNs JAY JY "SPMLANSay ayp UL UTOL O1 BuNT|LAN
are Aayp se Suo] Os ‘aWOD]ax\ apeUL ae SIOUOUNUOD |] ING ‘sIsaNB
ureypry uouo> asow atp Suowre are si4aeg "aauEINpUD Jo s1so1
anaqyip AoW JaYp0 axe se ‘ArepUABay axe [eH] drysmoyjag Ww pase
sisaquo> BUPJUUP ay]. "sides pue soMeIsIq ay Uaaariag san as0]9
paiesnooua sey ueg Jo diysmoyjay aya ‘Supunoy sat aug
-auayy sys sonerssg aay ATUO AvpOr
ing ‘stead auf 2940 pauea sey diysiaquiayy "JayioUe 10 WO} 2UO
ur ueg Jo diysmoyjag ayp se umoUy soneIsog Jo 2998 & 40y puepsug
ur srauenbpeay ax uaag ‘sae apppru are] ay aouts ‘sey wet purl
uo spuras |jey ay] "sadeur Aseasog Jo 3yn5 Jo dnoas v jo pjoysuons
pue aovjd Sunaow e ‘AnueyD v 298) UT st [eH diysmoyag

Jo Pood ayp jo au0
20USI pio} sit wep 198} atp auidsap ‘suLsayAeS snourEy SOUL ISI JO


in Glastonbury, the old, the new and the eternal have managed to
meld together into anarea rich in Glamour and story, where people
of diverse faiths and philosophies have been able to come tog

in peace... most of the time. The initial establishment of the abbey
provoked conflicts between the Wyck of the area and the Christian
missionaries, though in time the two groups came to live in peace.
The destruction of Glastonbury Abbey was commanded by King
Henry VIII, as a result of his break with the Catholic Church, and
it is notable that this was the result of politics between mortals —
not disputes between the Awakened. Barring problems with
‘Tremere vampires, the supernatural denizens of the Vale of Avalon
have kept the peace longer than even the stones remember.

* The Tor and The Well

The Tor is a terraced hill rising up from the surrounding
countryside. Its presence can be felt for miles around, just as its
imposing shadow falls over the fields and streams of the land at its
base. A tower is all that remains of a small chapel that once stood
atop the Tor, and in modern times sheep and New Age pilgrims are
the only ones likely to be seen on its banks. Some smoke or light
incense in the shelter of the tower at the summit, but most find the
atmosphere of the place itself heady enough without further
stimulation.

At the foot of the Tor, a walled and landscaped garden
surrounds one of the most famous wells in the Isles. Believed by
ancient Christians to flow with the blood of Christ, the Chalice
Well was supposedly the final resting place of the Holy Grail. Local
legends state that the initial struggle between the pagan people of
the area and the Christian missionaries ended when a chalice filled
with the blood of one of the Wyck was placed at the bottom of the
well. Modern scholars now attribute the water's ruddy color to iron
deposits deep underground, but the variety of tales linking the well
to blood magic are enough to give one pause. Other traditions tell
that the goddess Brigid left her bag of healing herbs buried in the
ground near the well, and that its power continues to infuse the
water with healthful properties.

Those who have seen the passing of the years, such as Megan
of Bride's Hall, claim that the well itself has no innate magical
powers beyond the slight dweaomer possessed by anything which
has been the subject of so many dreams and legends. The water is
healthful, but no more so than that from any other well in the area.

© Wearyall Hill

Said to be the site where Joseph of Arimithea(a merchant
uncle of Jesus Christ) planted his staff in the ground, producing a
thorn tree, Wearyall Hill has long been revered by Christians. But
before and since, its more ancient ties to the land and its people
have been known to the changelings and their allies.

Local legends claim that the tree will burst into bloom in the
presence of royalty. In truth, there wasa time when the tree would
bloom in the presence of true royalty, but it had less to do with the
crowns on their heads than the blood that pulsed in their veins.

The origin of the legend comes from the fact that the tree is
attuned to the land and its most ancient guardians, the fae. Some
say that it was planted from a cutting brought from Arcadia, while
another variant of the legend states that it was a gift from the local
sidhe ruler to a magician who traveled from a far-away land more

Isle of che CDighzy

than two millennia ago. Since the Shattering, the tree has grown
more sensitive to the presence of Glamour, as it has ebbed from the
world

The royal line of England once carried the blood of the fae,
but since the throne of England was assumed by foreigners who
held no true connection to the land, that blood was lost. Although
over the ages many rulers from abroad have come to govern
England, in the past those who governed the land formed a
connection with it, whether through the ancient marriage or
other, long-forgotten rituals. However, the Germanic house of
Windsor (née Saxe-
and dismissed the warnings of those who asked that they bind

burg-Gotha) bore none of the fae blood,

themselves to the land. The ancient thorn therefore sei
connection between modem royalty, the land or the fi
of the tree blooming in the presence of royalty has been dismiss

es No

, so the tale

as just another old superstition. Others claim that in the presence
of the true high king of Britain's changelings, the tree will burst
forth ina shower of chimerical blossoms, Nary a bud has been seen
on the tree of late, and it is whispered that this does not bode well
for the changelings nor the land

* The Abbey

In the heart of town sit the ruins of Glastonbury Abbey,
destroyed by the soldiers of King Henry VIII when he broke all ties
to the Catholic Church in the 16th century. When messengers
brought word of the approaching army to the abbey, a formidable
force soon assembled there. Verbena mages from the hills joined with
the un-Awakened clergy and their Celestial Chorus brethren,
and changelings and spirits converged on the site. The abbey was a
special place, a sacred space whose power transcended lines of
religion (despite the efforts of some of the clergy who dwelled
within). But shortly before the arrival of the king's soldiers, Abbot
Richard Whitting, one of the many assembled, whose life's work was
ated to the teachings of Christ, addressed the crowd. Though he
saw only the mortal seemingsof those before him, he recognized both

dedi
familiar and unfamiliar faces in the crowd. He was deeply moved by
theirdevotion, buthe knew that no good could come of opposing the
king's wishes. Retribution was not theirs to mete out, he insisted.

Reluctantly, the crowd dispersed, watching in silence as the
company of foot soldiers stormed the ancient place. And the abbot
was drawn, quartered and hanged atop the Tor. Though they did
not interfere, many of those who had gathered that day vowed that
they would neverallow pain suchas this tomar the spirit of the land
again. And ifthe soldiershad some trouble burning the place down,
surely they blamed their ill luck on the evil spirits and fairies of the
place. Perhaps they said the same for the indistinct shadows that
haunted them at the edge of their vision for weeks and months to
come. And if many among that company died within a yearof their
experience in Glastonbury, surely that was not unusual for soldiers
in those days.

Scrumpy Oog

Woodpecker? Merrydown? Vou drink hav stuff Ie's sacrilege
socall chassuatered down piss rider: Here, draw this fellowiapins of
good Sumuneslanis:scrmmiy: Slow; iat lets:vee: knoe goulve
drinking, tha: does

—Norman Lound, troll grump

TNA AYAY
KAKA:


A longtime favorite of locals and tourists alike, Scrumpy Dog is is known throughout the Isles. Members of Bride's Lodge are
one of the most convivial pubs in the West Country. Though its sometimes seen relaxing here at the end of the day, and will often
vegetarian dishesand whole-grain baked goodsare alwaysindemand, —_engage interested travelers in discussions of the local legends.

a local cocktail known as "Hair of the Dog" has become legendary On some weekend evenings, local bands play here; the

Reportedly a mixture of the potent local apple brandy, cloves and a _ performances are usuallyacoustic, though exceptions have been

splash of cream, itgoesdown smooth but packsareal punch. Thelocal made under certain circumstances, provided the music is of a

ciders and scrumpy are on tap for the more timid of heart traditional sort. Even those more used to the sounds of techno and
A mugoof lentil stew or loaf of freshly baked bread with honey _tribal beats often find the music here to be to their liking. Other
butter seems to take the chill off even the coldest winter evening, __ nights are given over to poetry and "spoken word" concerts, or

and the bread pudding with wild strawberry sauceservedinsummer —_ simply good conversation over a mug of cider.

The Glascondury Compact

One of the most celebrated alliances between mages and fae in the history of the Isle took place in Glastonbury. Though ithappened
many centuries ago, bards still tell the story of the battle between the undead sorceress Meerlinda and the legions of fae and mages who
fought to protect the land they loved.

Meerlinda was one of the Inner Circle who followed Tremere into undeath, and the first assigned to "oversee" the British Isles on
behalf of her clan. Her early sortées in the southeast and Londinium were easily rebuffed by the Ventrue, who had already established
themselves as the sole rulers of those areas. Under pressure from Tremere and the Inner Circle to establish at least one base of power,
she chanced upon information about the West Country village of Glastonbury. It was located a good distance from any Ventrue-held
city, and was not far froma bay on the western coast of the island, providing easy transportation toand from the Continent. Mostenticing,
though, were the legends of the area's ties to blood magic. Various reports told of stones that fed on blood, an ancient chalice that flowed
with the blood of ancient sorcerers, and a well of blood that sprang from where the Holy Grail itself was supposedly buried. Other
documents told of sleeping dragons, rivers of Quintessence lying just below the surface, and other even more fantastical tales that
Meerlinda was hesitant to credit. But surely, even if most of these tales were the invention of storytellers and charlatans, there must be
some truth to them. So many legends centering on a single place merited at least a visit.

After investigating the place with a small escort party, Meerlinda decided that she had found the ideal place for her new base of
operations, She returned to Vienna to prepare the invasion force, certain thata new Chantry would establish her place in the hierarchy
of the clan.

Her plans had been observed by a sluagh who made his home in the marshes outside Glastonbury, and he quickly reported back
to Megan, guardian of Bride's Hall, that something was amiss. That same night, a vision appeared to one of the novices at the abbey.
Some credit one of the wraiths fettered to the area with the vision, while others believe it was a divine revelation from the One of what
lay ahead. A woman with the fangs of a beast, bathed in blood ,spread her cloak over the abbey. The novice believed the vision to have
been sent to test his faith. He dutifully told the abbot, who in turn consulted with several of the monks known to havea gift for foresight.
They reached the same conclusion as Megan and her fae allies: An undead army was about to descend on Glastonbury.

Both sides rallied their forces, but each feared it would be unable to mount a sufficient defense. This was proven quickly, as the
first wave of Meerlinda's attack began. Misshapen beasts made of stone were seen in the wood outside the town, and they soon terrorized
the townsfolk. Weapons seemed to have little effect on the beasts, and the town's defenders feared that the end was near. Megan sent
messengers on fae steeds to every nearby glade and palace, while those at the abbey who were familiar with the supernatural arts
reluctantly made contact with a coven of witches nearby. Even the spirits of the land and the dead still tied to the land rallied together.
Within three nights time, two hastily assembled armies waited for the next attack from Meerlinda's gargoyles... but the night remained
still. Meerlinda had received word that the town was attempting to mount a defense, which she knew would disintegrate in a fortnight
or less ifno enemy presented itself. The undead sorceress was nothing if not patient, so she waited with her forces in a cave outside the
nearby village of Wells for the defenders to disband.

As she predicted, both the fae and the united Church and mages soon grew uneasy. Many of them had come to Glastonbury from
far away, yet the supposed danger was nowhere to be found. Before long, the assembled forces dispersed.

In desperation, one of the witches (a proto-Verbena) from the area appealed to the leaders of both sides to meet and form a united
force. After some hesitation, representatives of both the abbey and the fae met atop the Tor at twilight, where they resolved to ally their
forces to drive out the undead sorceress and her minions. United, the two groups plotted their attack through the long night, and just before
dawn attacked Meerlinda's encampment. Though the undead attempted to flee by sinking into the ground, most were stopped and staked
as the first rays of dawn spilled into the cave. Meerlinda herself escaped, but her hopes of taking Glastonbury were forever dashed.

The undead sorceress continued to try to establish a permanent base of operations in Britain for several centuries, with mixed
results. Eventually her clan placed her in charge of the New World, where she fared somewhat better.

Though the alliance between mages and fae was never as strong once the threat was removed. Ties between the two groups in the
West Country have remained cordial to this day.

Chapzer Two: The Kingdoms of Aldion


Brides Lodge

I stand by the decisions I make, and I hold no one else
responsible. I have seen countries rise and fall, and still the flame here
burns. Call me what you will, but this flame will remain when your
name is nothing but dust on the wind. Enough with the threats
now...do you like gingerbread?

— Megan, boggan Sfochéin

Just west of Glastonbury on the banks of a river lies yet
another hill, this one called Bride's Mound by locals. Once the site
of a shrine to St. Brigid, and before that, the goddess Brigid, few
pilgrims visit this site in modem times. Near the foot of Bride's
Moundsitsa three-story house with asmall patch of garden outside,
at 19 Bride's Lane. The garden itself is overgrown, with wildflowers
and herbs growing over the stone path to the house and creeping
over the fence toward the street. Few people give the placeasecond
glance, for only a scant few know the secret of what lies within.

‘Those who see past the mundane seeming of the house
witness a riot of color in the front garden, where red and gold
blossoms light up the yard. One of the back bedroom windows
holds a multicolored psychedelic chimeric: va lamp, jokingly
referred to by locals as "the grail-shaped beacon."

The house is one of the most ancient freeholds in all of
Albion. It consists of a dozen or so small bedchambers (mostly on
the second and third stories), a kitchen, bath and a large meeting
roomat the center. Though over the years much has changed about
the house, one thing remains the same: the hearth. The focal point
of the main room isa large stone hearth, where the Great Balefire
of Albion has burned since time immemorial. From each genera-
tion, 18 maidens are chosen to tend the flame. Notall the
are Kithain; over the years, many kinain and mortal mages have
watched over the flame, as well as several Garou of the Fianna tribe.
At any given time, usually only three to nine of the women are
present; the rest only return for festivals or in times of great need.

Currently, overseeing the work of these women is a boggan
wilder named Megan. Although she appears to be in her early
twenties, she has appeared that way for longer than anyone can
remember, for Megan is Sfoch4in —a changeling who hasachieved
immortality. Born prior to the Shattering, she was one of the fae
who successfully took on a mortal seeming to fend off the ravages
of Banality. Though her appearance changes from time to time
(mainly to allay the suspicions of her mortal neighbors), her
sparkling brown eyes always remain the same.

Megan is a kindly woman, always ready with a cup of tea or
a plate of hot scones or fresh gingerbread for fellow Kithain weary
from their travels. She remains active in the community, writing
articles for local newspapers under a nom de plume, working with
local ecology groups and even occasionally speaking at interfaith
services held in the ruins of the old abbey. Megan travels fre-
quently, bringing news from freeholds on the continent and all
across the Isle to the most far-flung Kithain outposts. Many of the
tulers of the kingdoms of Albion (including, some whisper, Albion
himself) have spent time under Megan's fosterage in the past, and
herinfluence has helped toavert border skirmishes and all-out wars
more than once.

44 Isle of the COighty

‘Tourism vs. Talecrafc

It can't be denied that the best tales have lives of their
‘own, and that the reaction they spark in listeners is often
wondrous to behold. The excitementsstirred up by a good story
isoften rekindled when the hearer realizes that he can actually
goto the place where the story took place. And so every year,
countless millions visit the homes of Shakespeare and
‘Wordsworth, Stonehenge, the Tower of London and dozens
of other places that have stirred the imagination. But the
division caused by this tourism in fae society is often sharp, as
those who want to share the wonder of these magical places
with others debate with those who want to preserve the
ancient mysteries for future dreamers.

Both sides can point to spectacular failures on the parts
of the opposing sides. Those favoring tourism use the hundreds
of crumbling castles and historical sites around the country,
falling apart because their owners lack the funds to maintain
them. Those on the opposing side point to monstrosities such
as the King Arthur Caravan Park at Tintagel, and the guards
patrolling Stonehenge as examples of the other extreme.
People travel from all over the world come to see Britain's
ancient places... and sadly, many of them are disappointed.
These ancient places don't seem as big or impressive to many
people in person as they do in the mind's eye; "they're just a
bunch of rocks," is unfortunately a frequent comment of
blockheads and Sleepers upon seeing Stonehenge.

This argument will no doubt continue on for as long as
there are places that inspire dreamers. Should such places be
made public so that they may inspire more people, or should
they be protected and hidden away, to better preserve their
mystery? Either way, someone will feel betrayed.

More than a dozen trods converge on the fields and woods
surrounding the house, and the trod to Tara-nar actually openss in
the center of the front vegetable patch. Only those frecholds
sustained by balefire connect to Bride's Hall via trods; most of those
frecholds that draw their power from standing stones date back to
the same time that Bride's Hall was founded. The trods are seldom
used, though; as their purpose is to insure that extinguished
balefires are rekindled as quickly as possible.

Stonehenge

"In the past century, the circle has become tainted. The
materialism and avarice that resonate there are just mind-boggling,
even to me."

"Y'know, that explains a lot about Doissetep."

— overheard at a pub in Salsbury

Just outside the cathedral city of Salisbury lies the most
famousstone circle of themall, Stonehenge. Though the Wyck are
said to have drawn power from this ancient Node long before the
bluestone menhirs were erected, today there is litle trace of their
passing, save in the paperbacks telling of the "ancient blood
sacrifices."


Giftshopshawkingpostcardsand plastic bluestone keychains

now mark the site where ancient fae revels were held, and books
explaining the "real meaning" of the stones tempt Sleepers with
both fantasticand utterly rational explanations for the origin of the
stones. Still, the bleak, sheep-dotted plain disappoints many a
tourist after the long coach ride from Salisbury, Bath or London.
The stones still mark the passing of the seasons, and some
claim that when the stars are right you can still sense the soundless
thrum of energy coursing through the ground. But fences, high-
ways, tour busses and National Lampoon's European Vacation have
driven away the spirits that once gathered near the stones. Many
of the local Verbena are still fuming over the demonstrations
staged by well-meaning Sleepers (or were they perhaps Dauntain?)
over a decade ago that led the government to rope off the area and
patrol it closely during the Changing Days. The twin shadows of
Banality and greed hang heavily over Salisbury Plain, and few
visitors sense the tremendous magic (or the magick) that lies
beneath the surface, fueling the horizon realm of Doissetep.

Avedury

Circles and lines. It's so simple, and yet so true. Everything is
made up of the intersections of circles and lines. Here, more than
anywhere else, you can feel the truth of it, not just with your mind
but with your soul

— Elizabeth Davison-Smith, Order of Hermes

For some reason, Avebury hasn't attracted the flocks of
tourists that her sister circle of Stonehenge has. Both are located

not far from Salisbury. Both are sites of tremendous magickal and
historical importance. Both have been the sites of moots, revels
and rituals, but Avebury remains relatively unknown while plastic
Stonehenge sno-globes can be found in shops for miles around.
Admittedly, Avebury lacks the majestic "hanging stones" of
Stonehenge, but the circle itself extends far beyond that on
Salisbury Plain.

While the "power" lying just below the surface at Avebury
might not be equal to that of Stonehenge, it is comparatively
untainted by disbelief, disappointment and development. Here,
local Kithain still gather to talk, stargaze and mark the turning of
the seasons, and tell to tales of days long past.

The Kingdom of
Smoke

You have your work and nothing more
You are possessed — what is your demon?

You've never been this way before

You've lost the fire you built your dream on
There's something strange, there's something wrong
I see a change...it's like when love dies

T who have known you for so long

I see the pain in your eyes

— Leslie Bricusse, His Work and Nothing More

Chapzer Two: The Kingdoms of Aldion


-aseaq stip Avs
parayo Aypouiodas sey aysium
-POYA\ P40] BamaeU sa JaAareyA\ "TeuRG aUI0I9q seY ‘ssaUT}>UO]
pure uonensny jo saunas Jaye ‘yorya ‘exawTYD B useq aAeYy
sew amar ap weyp parejmsod sey aouETUAAID Ape] "yo prem
you UeD INOWe]|D UAAd JeYp pjoo Ad1 Ue YALA aT Jay OYA UTEUY
uv jo suvay ayp aouatd wea pu 41 aasi0u ue> Aatp YBnotp sjEUOUE

uv oym auokue 01 preman ayge:

s]PYP [Wem Suruaay say Aes a1 paoey aaey OYA asoy "yt 19109
UL sawos HY WoYM Urey Aue SuKoNsep UO IUDq steadde 11
pue Sy2eq st a1 ‘s1ea4 asoup [fe 40} 02 paseaddestp 11 19a9194,,\
"wyeay UozuOpY e se 01 29you soBeUE
rey out sdeysod ‘uous jo spuey ayp puosag Auenb sit ponsind
avy 02 40 ‘paystiad aaey 02 paaatjag stay ‘oe saunuad eIuOpayec)
wayrnos Jo swOpsury ayp pene o1 49[N4 was e Aq pauoumuns
Aqpasoddns ‘aimieaio e yons asnf Jo ayods sp1oar s,pjoyasnoy
AYL ‘weYsUMON Jo aouETUAAD Ape] puE PLOT Jo pjoyssnoy
yp toy prom paataoay ay are] Aep w UL ssa] "IseAg STEP Jo Yeap
so aunideo at) 01 Sunpeay UoNeUOyU apraoud pjnos oy auOAUE OL
uoog & pa1ayo 1ySuMfaay] A P10] ‘WopFury axp anoysnonp sued
peaidsapim pasnes aavy sdapow yesns je19aas uo sysene aseaes SI]
"uoy] & Jo Apog atp o1uo payess apsiea ue yo Burm pue peay ayp yt
seaq_ paiojoo-saddoo JeouawTyD snounous ue Jo pouodar us9q
aavy sauNYsis "puasay "ayoUNg Jo Wopsury axp ur apisinuNoD
ayp Bumsejd unSoq sey aseuaw sou e pur Sunege jo susis
ou moys urerUNeG aya YIM sua] Goud a4 J "MOOS oon TUAW e 10U
sauioo drystapea| 10} yeu pasaaoostpas s 14s t44]994 A) P10]

2vau4y | MIN)

"Apeaaye pur sty uo y8nous ueyp axow sey 9} IH asurese YORE
Aue ayer 02 Ajoy!TUN st AYBUMpaay A IAIN shas WEY sUMON se
Bug] se ]JNg "NOD Mopeys ayp LAIN son 2Aey O2 presst adUEPUDaIF)
p10] "y8noua Sure swaas ay Y8noyp ‘waygord v aui0.9q
pynoo weysumon ur Anyiqou ayp aeyp pauzen aavy aUlog

-a|doad siy jo spaau axp uo pasnsoy Aaneg daay or padjoy
sey aouanyul 294 pur ‘sreay jo Aayedioung ayp jo [pudgy Apey
‘Woy 99}Ape Jo [Pap add w Supyer wa9q are] Jo sey ay ‘AINAUEY_| "YO
sanaq 9q p]NOm dy ‘9y!] Up puL soULBua Bars jesuaMTYD SuIpjINg
aw ssa} ue WOpsUPy sty Jo ajdoad ayp aye BuPjoo] awn aul
quads ay jiaeyp wrep> (AueM are axatp pue) sod sip] "Uo!Sa1 ay No
-ynontp spjoysuons urruneg uo sypene (xajdutod #1) aUeNTLAq sty
Jo} UROL st IYSUUMay pA Aoaeg] PuTEU Jop]_A\ e ‘9UI] AeEp Jo sare]
ALL ‘Sead paspuny [e19Aas 40} st947I0U Jo Salas v Jo spuRY ap Ut
A]pyos paurewias sey axoulg yo wopSury axp jo dryssajru oy,

1YyBuMpaay py Aoaeg Bury —

11 azruoa4 Kppuvy 1,uom
no os dn padvys aavjd siyi aavy 1],2m ss2] 40 apooap v ut ‘29s pup
mpm nok asnf ‘a4aymasye auop aq 1,uv9 11 Kym asnoxa OU s,24ayp ‘2424
2uop aq un9 2 fi Puy "uo aq WI I1Ng ‘pLLOM aya Wi Sun asaIsD—a ay
$,a1 Burts 20u wi, | "sBunyp Uo was v deay NOK sp Bug] os ‘2004 aus
ay) ut aay puv Cusnpur aavy 2,uv9 nok uosvas ou s,asayy "sanimb
D st a4ay sm fo 2UoW Ing ‘auns aq 01 ‘YyBnoUa suia]qosd 20,2/4\

Ayoupuoc{)
SPUDJIYOW 3Y, |.

~ASliaua aannears UMO
sty Jo autos Yim UORwaLD sIy sasnyuT ay ‘sjerad yo waned anbrun
e sto} Uosiad Yea sy "are atp UL NOW| Jo Ayddns aup Suryst
-uajdaa jo Day aup svy ose 1 ‘soa UeBed JUDIOUR o1 y>eq PareD
9q Ue Jjasit UORpeN ayp a]1Y/\ "yaIeM Jo JAA JOyROUE JO syuRY
a3 01 ‘s}jam yediouud ap yo yea zeaU sFaMOYp|tA Jo sperod aup
pia sqejs depo ave1009p 01 st open ay J ;pur] axp puea]doad ay
upamag San ap UTEIUTEW 0} saadas JOLNSIC] Yeag ay? Ul JoUWNS
ypea paxiasgo ,‘Suissaup-]jam,, Jo uoNpen aup ‘sejnonued Uj
quatudo]aaap jo sisay9 ELUAWENAp ayp Jo SuLaeys Jo sooueY> ay
Janaq atp ‘wo soYp [Je> Aayp puE] ayp 01 UONDaULIOD jeUOSIAd
ann & uo} 01 2ouRYD E aaey OYM ajdoad a1oUE ay, *Aofua or
suonesauad axour aay v ase] 18 40} ayes puey ayp daoy |]1a0 1 9]qUa
-1adUT ayp s]jeasa1o} ATUO stp WED sIAAWsKeU ATTY AA, "WUaUIdo}aaap
saypuny woy, paroaiord aq 01 apise yas udaq sey Joye] pue
ayoUlg yo swiopsury axp jo ware alle] v (sjeag euerg] adapeeudqia,,
Surpnyour) 30} [e20] Jo Jequnu e jo suOYe ayp YSnop ‘ApUddIy
‘aalje suontpen pjo ay daay 01 paeuew avy (sjeow sto
pur ureury papuru-Ayjestojos9 Auew woy diay up) ureary,
[e20] at jo atuos ‘santd axp Woy Ave aI Suryaas siaddin dep pue
S¥sLUNO} YAM UNAAAO $191 Jo YoNUU PLY AY, "UASIC] kag atp :uoIsar
ayp Jo appprur ayp ur yews punoy aq wed sajs] ay UT svase sed
avjndod asow ayp jo auo 498 ut pue ‘spurjayoUlg axp Ut SiooL ay
aaey Aunquas yigZ yp Jo suEIDISNUL JENUANYUT sow ay Jo aUIOg
‘uonnnyjod pur santo ][@ 20U st ayoUNg Jo WopSury ayp ang
‘a]Aasajt] sse]>-a]ppruy (SuLOg pure qeup j1) aqeuopwi0s
& pur sqof aunoas Aq umeup ‘3ea4 yoea seadde ajdoog uwmany
10 pue azo pue ‘sa1a19 ayp 29A0 sumep Suuds se Udad Avad are
sarysay "ajdoad sit pue purl axp pares 190910} 2aey —uonnyjod
241] — Jour os pauiaas isiy ae ey sMeY ay] "oud eae Inq
Sy]0} UoUNUOD atp Uada 01 ABoJOUYDaI WaPo Pu adUATUAAUOD
‘ssauSoad 1y8noaq aaey spue]piyy yst|sug ax ut az9y dn uMoa3 avey
JEU soMsnpuT ayp ‘suoNeaID s.ayD0U ayp ay] ‘92e/d ayp UO Ploy,
sasuons v ures urEUNeG] ayp Aep Auaaa ang ‘sauNqUad [e19A98 10}
duop aavy Aayp se ‘spuEjaxourg ay 1A0 ABAIs PJOY MOU 19490,
‘urewar pur] atp pue ajdoad ayp pan Ajaso]> Moy sMoys aY0Ug
jo Wopsury a~p ‘puejsug ut vaze say Aue UE OsMOWy
‘ased szea4 ut umouy pey Aayp Aof ax 02
ajdoad atp asnos 02 ajqe pauiaas woym jo auoU ‘spuLpur|ooA\ ay
ulquam pur aure> si9]TU UAZAaYIp Uazop-jey v ‘sauNIuaD JeY-e-pue
-INO} AX9U BYP JPAG ‘Pua UE 01 BUIOD peY s[EANNsay pu sara} jo ae
Up WIP pautoas 31 40 J UayswID Jo ape ap Ie papua usjaI Jay
uaym ang "Anueased pue andinut jo au0 aq 01 UMoUy sea NOD Jay
pur ‘oe uapjod e sem ustay s,euareD uaangy "urerg UI sWOpSUry
ae} AUP ]]B JO [NLaMod your pue asafLE] ay Jo DUO SEA 11 OO,
jo WOpSUTY ap se UMOUY sem UOIar ay Lay skep ayp UT
"squawiowl si sey 11 ‘pue{sug jo
ued onbsaumoid 40 yesorsed asow ap 10U y8noy 3431] pue 10]09
‘Buos jo aSequDY sit WHE|Da 01 paLN s4edA UDI UT sey aYOUIS Jo
wopsury ap ‘ye09 se |Jam se uonesdsut jo sary ax yim Surung
aouQ "saypany> pur suupying parsrudua-Bows si Ul UNM st vare
atp jo Azoasty atp pue ‘uonnjoaay jeLnsnpuy axp jo asejdupzig aya
azam pueysug Jo spueppryy yp rep suzea] Aoqjooyps A1aag


uoigyy Jo swopfury oy.

1 Jo 9U0 Jo Auedwod ax o1 Noy SuPpeM AxAa SuNoaap A|SUy|IA
‘s1ag0m Addey pur auaru0s aq 01 waas axyp OM pur aal] OYA
ajdoad ayy Aadwa dn auios aavy snouejau Apna SurpAue s9aoosip
01 suoye ‘9]]1AoUANOg UT AYBLL OU sem BuyYaIUIOs poxadsns Buoy
aavy uretpIy ayp pue suoMper | ayy Suowe AueW Ysnowp]y
"uBIad s,eHOID/\ Jo IYBIaY dup 02 39eq srep aj!AauNog
"ON AUaUdopaaap seA-asod Jo I]Nso1 ax sdeysod ‘uoNeAoUM
Aunqua yng y "Tue Aingped [ed] ayp We (saAtNdaxa aIeIOdIO9 41918]
pure) siayzom Azor9ey 20) ANUNUUIOD pauTEIUOD-jJas aNUA Ue suo
Azox9ey ut adaou0s mau e se padojaaap sem ayjlaauunog ‘e1pyooUoT)
uy santjedioutd arerodios 40} aBe3s ayp 29s ps0 py Aausic] 210}0q UOT]
"Auedwioo Aangpes ayp Aq poonpord ‘seq arvjor0yp zeyndod v yo aeup se
auueu ayp aztuooay |] ueIUg 02 soaneyy a|]!AaWINOg sqUDUHIDdXa
1489p} arezodioo,, as1y au Jo auo sayy sypwty 4a19 ayp apisanoasn{
uoeayy Jo sodurquep] Ainauad-tp6 | ‘uosdBIag sawe/ —
1101 Suu aonu v spy ay ‘mow Nox *suonsafuod ynoxyr jouw

dy[lAouNNOG,

-ASojouypar wapour uo
DAA AUP 20) sa}E UaWNdop SuIzHaypsaue SuIsnpoud pue ‘sjooups
20} syooqaxa Sunt ‘siadedsmau PeuoreU pure [20] 10} ,20U9!9g
JoJamog,, a\p Uo sayoqe Su!onpoud +, uoneanpa uaZt, 01 paroaap
ue yrs;
pur sqey apry,\ *(sioquadaams Aq Apysiu paueay> pue ayy ApYsq
‘ane dat eu 984 aUp) 10) aAks) Aaa AIA PeUT YBEN|s e aAtup Pjnom
{yprya Jo sayy] axp sfauuna jo uaxteM v Aq paroouUOD ‘AIUD A419

sodano ayp Jo Aue ‘puno} aq ed s19IUAD YorEasaL J4PO

ayp Ut pauo}eis are suo!UAaALIOD ayp [Je A}reaU Jo sisodinG
"aay 2AUtp 01 WHa9s OYA ‘SIEIDOUYDa | aX Or sBuIpying Avs pesnUap!
pur sofpoy pamnoiuew Apeou sit Suravay "weysuruNIg UF uo]
eas UIEULY May ‘PUE] a4 JODIE} ap UO AnjpeuEg Jo 9108 Burs9Is9y v se
ayn paay]A\ P10] Aq poquosop astauuaypo s} YoIyas "Aa}9 sip UT rods
1yBtuq AJUO oUp st ‘s]]eA8 S11 TuMrOp saseaued Aasnp ayp oy UeT 8199S
paatasaud jo uonda]jo> SusuuMys s11 oy UAOUY JNIAq "WNasNU ,2ze,,
Uy saIULA\ SuIYpeoIDUD oYp Or AUaWEISAD SuTUNYs vs} WEYsUTUIG
‘azey ApYsiU ayp YBnorp ung sqnjrysiu may ev YsnoyL
"sBurpying aayjo
puv siiua aoua1ajuOD LWapoureNtN 10) WOO! ayeUI 01 sapedap
Surpaaoons op uy Aemdue paddeis axam pip weyr asoyp jo sour
{paatains sSurpjing pjo ayp jo Ma, "yores9s Woy ynqar Ayeonoed
SAN TT] ABA PHO Aq Aa19 ayp UO ayBNoIM UOReAseAdp ay JOY
"MOLA OUT ALUOD SIAM MIAIIUOD BA-SQYB] SI} UAL ay WOY
qUApIAg AJareIpausUt st A419 ay Jo JIeIEYD ay_L ‘sIUdWEAaATYIR.
Suurysasour s,Aoe90uY99 J atp Joauo se spurs weysUNUIE,
areadsayeyg weryyt x, —
aaymiana ssauaing pun pmousia,o Gnvag
‘QuoB amb saavay Kasny pup asoaf yam p,y2249 dog
"auay) wy spunofuo pun 41MM snoapry OL
Wo Jaws sppa aun Bunsa.-sanau 404

wupyBulwuaig,

"arpuugyeise3e9q 01 w99s sdnoi3 omy axp pue‘siadojaaap ay dorso2
upjduonaq Aue yim dn autos rou aavy jam ax Sursow asoddo oyar
asoyp {J ‘papaau asow sta} aoe] oy Woy [Jam ax aaoua! pjnom
a ‘siadopaaap jediorunur 4q paXonsop Bulag woyy a daoy 1ystut

¢ 19UUOS

som |, wo2dpyy

auepd saynoue 02 J]9a\ ayp SurAow apHyA\ "Ure IwAID Jo a]OyN
ay 01 UOIg]Y 911 02 se |]am se ‘pur] ay pue ajdoad aya uaaanaq
qujod SupsauUO9 k se ass 07 st asodand su {]]eIe [Jaa ay duraes aq
J,up|nom os op 02 reYp andue suaprem s jam axp Suowe SIO
"]]2 ayp Suraes jo sueou
Ajuo ayp aq Aeur at ano aUIod o2 y>INb a.
Ajauanxa aq pjnom os op o | "Apezoduiay asea] ae "wyyeaY UOZLOH

auios se ang 4|NDYIP

B OI! apejs ayp aout o1 aduane or ‘uOIACID UATE Aq pal
‘udaoo euaqia, [ed] © YIM suefd arena apeut sey MTEL Jo
uonseyaUK ‘snseap a1oULHuNYPAUOS 41 10 Jam ap roaI01d on Ty
01 anuruod :ewa]Ip & PIN Pade) aze sueIpIENs s]]M Oy |
"syerouyo ayp jo saanow arp puryag aq Avut
(yjoq so) Aovzd0uypa | ayz Jo UreIUNEG] IUD Zeay AUB pue ‘aIN]TEy
(ala tour [fe avy sjerstyo s,Aa19 atp apenssip o1 sidworae auepunyy
"hem atoyp Survey woy srernvaing peueg A[ysny aya apenssip
02 Ajay] St now} Jo JUNOWe OU puE ‘ape|s at puNoLNs UOOS
plnoa saouay YUur-UreY> pue aia19u09 ‘sadig "]}am au Aq Aye
P9} 9q pnom YoryM ‘Oardsax Aa w Buupying Jo s0Aavy ut axe
JUAWUOAO8 pedioruNU J soYUEPY axp UT speIyyO Ie SuNE|NOND
uaaq aavy SIOUINY "JUIOd sit IB auOP aq Pinoys IwYM or se
paptaip 4jdaeys are 3u0} 08 20) 1 2947 pax{oo] aavy oyM ssuHfasuEyD
[299] AYL "uoHsanb oUF awWOD sey Jom ay Jo aunany ay L
"raven Suryor9y 40) Ayqewnsaid "yout quayoue Ue Woy ssaUNpZEP
ayp OU! spuadsap UIEYD Ja4}}!s e Pue ‘sLIqap pur soavay SUNT]e) WOI,
[om axp siapays sxeppId au0Ys anoy Aq porsoddns joos jjeuss y "ayzand
avesBi{v ay}]UN OU "Woned BuNsiAN v Ur 1 punore souOYS JOUR aX
oUt ay 01 panies ud9q sey saUOIS aUp Jo Y>L— !
sea\ oe suoTeI9UDS AUBUL Os soUOIS at payed 19904 a IY
Asea S11 4]g ‘YoUWaM Jo soMaUDD Aq LOM "YJOOUS are |J9x\ ay
Jo sjjea aqp dn ayjeur aeqp 4201 ay], "souons Assour Aq papunouins
{food jpeuls v Jo apis WoyLoU ay We say] JOS [JM JL
Amopeys pue 3yos st saan aup ysnonp si]y
ep AYsH] ap pue ‘punosT ayp s1aao> ssow pyesauta Ysny ya
pue Yea jo s|jauis pue Ys!ou st are ay] "YAIUIA Jo skep asapjoo
dtp) Uo pue aay JaUUUNs Jo IYS!9y ayp I yog ‘punoL avak [ooo
suyetuar axoy are ay ae aroU dem au MOLY OY AUTY "Sy>IseUL
pur sduunueo s,urrpens ay Aq payquieiss uonoauip Jo asuas 191
‘uyese apisino soajaswiayp puy Uayo apIsu Ava say ayeUI or AN Op
oY sfeuow asoup pur ‘spua peop pue soessed Sunsiana yo azeu
auiorag sey apeps aya 01 Ava a] J ‘StONS!A Lupe O2 LAWL AMOpeYs
& UL yearg |fews v duo SuIavay Uo.oUNIad s,apeys axp punore
saZipay Awiotp pur soysng Auaq paruejd aavy jjam ayp prend oya
ureyptyy tp ‘uaaos eudqia,\ [e90] ax Woy djay ypLA\ HINOgesaE
preay aavy sfuyppryp asaSunoé ou uada ysnoyp ‘apeys pemaeu siyp
jo UoReD0] ay Jo areMwUN are sBuLjasuEYp s,eare atp Jo aUIOg "AvAL
ayy sayy Ant
sA19 Sut

ay MOU OYA asoup anes [Je Aq paxoopaao ‘apeys
saysaypuryy ay Woy say! aay v AU pares07 "syadap |
wo up 01 paddors s9]aAvN v Aureut ased s1ea4 Ut YBNoYp ‘Aq ssed

ym stay dup Aq 99s Wop]as st Bare ap UT s}]aa\ dU JO 3UC)

Joo Jo WopSury ap Woy ayppr wuarsue —

wom aq suivaicy fo 40) ay2 [P>YS WoyL

4amod 01 paiorsas 24v 22.4, ], 24) U2Y/A\

2uo aun ajdoad ays pun puny ay) way

vm ayp sap' puny auo uay py

IPP) uorgny ay.


se aunnioy v aqdews asnf pu) a1ers aiau e 20} sadoy yim sazoys sam
pue yinos s,puejsug Suope suwor 1atpio ssaprunoo pue ynoursu0g
‘yoodiaary] woy ano aas sramuaape pjoq pue siaaryord ‘sisesnQ
"PHOA\ MAN at 01 papeay stajaaen 40y uHod Suryoune] ayp 2200
sem joodiaar ‘sappeag ayp yo asejdying ay se mou uMouy3s9g

joodusar]

-Aem 1aUp Ut pueas 01 saounosar aU
avy []!m srousayio aup ep AjaxLTUN stat ‘aFedurer sit samuNUOD
UyH3 ax Jt Y]Ng "YuOU axp o1 sare saysuUAyaoy,A\ WY [esUdar
8 St zea} AJUO say JOMOd WY IYBUMIoU,A\ PIO] ,AoWD Or
piq eSupyew azojaq aun statp 3urpiq spuauno are pue ‘Suny soy
01 yonut A194 ayoUNg jo WopSury at punoy aaey ow dy] ,'sPIeA,,
s,99ue]uaaig Ape] jo 910m ayp ‘saunadjnos pue sunuted poystuy
sly Yat pozonny st eP]ta zloy | ‘ueuUe] asnop] 02 san YAM Ades
Aqpemaze st ‘euory asnop Joaq 01 aaarjaq sou WY ‘pI SIE TEV
asnop] 01 aaueIda]]e UptM "unos Mopeyg axp Jo JaquiaW B peopul
s} auEpUaaIg p10] "Aios ap Jpey AJUC aavy sdisso8 ay p
"poo api] siazadsiym op sked pue some Jotpo uo pur
sly sey 2ySumjaay jy ng SuNoc) MOpeYs ayp Jo JaquidU e 398) UL
$] A0UE|UAAID p10] AUALIND ayp eLp sareDIpUt Nod s,IYsUMJI9Y AN,
pio] ae disso' ysenjs pue uessog -(pury ur wayr dedaz or
Buy]iM am OYM pue) aduEAsIsse sT9Up AYSNOs OYM UTEYATY Jato
Aue ano djay 01 SuyjIm paurewar uayo aavy Aatp ySnowp Iuaq
ara] Ue Jo Udaq aaeY WeYSUMION Jo spo] ay ‘OU UELp UDO
UOY ‘AAIYs BY [UO WOpSUrY ayp UI 9ypIs pangynd asow ay Jo
on Aepon ‘srattoWtUOD a1aM s9aUE[UIAIO ISIY ax YBNOY | "2YOUIg
Jo wopSuryy ayp ur siai9as aday-asaq aup jo auo surewias Areaqy]
aieaud si pue ‘Aanquao pg] ay 2outs Aaseusp aouEPUIIIO UIEYALY
atp jo jonuos spun uaaq sey uNeYSUMON Jo aTYg ay,
"poaiqeratn st Auoas. stay jo zomod atp pur ‘spaap Arepudsia] yan wey
ayour sioueaf> wnnnoes pue sdoys diy>-pue-ysy ya poreIs0sse
atuoseg siaxeIeYD S1019Y AL "PoystUTUNp st 9]e2 au Jo soMod
ap ‘os Bulop Ag "uosempueg poop] UIGoy ay UO podunf sey,
sassauisng AUreu os ey aauaNyUT sty or anp Apred sta] "Burwd9s sty,
azoy utunany Aq paz|ty> UeLIOM & 105 9A0] sI4| WU Avs sIOUIO ‘SOUL
-ox9ey Aq paseydas apisdznunoo jryrneaq-aou0 atp Suraas ze stedstp
Sem 2} BAdT]aq AWOS "UTeIUNEC] ay JO 9UO aWIOD9q SEY PUE Jas
ey sty UaMOdi0y sey OYM SurasuEY> v a>8y UT st NeaINg WISLNO |
weysumon axp Jo ueuEYD parutodde Apruso91 ay J, "saes 800g
01 puss] [290] Jo 318eu ay UO aztpendes or An sassoutsng 98a se
‘suojeg Aaneag uoLepy prep pur sdoyg steday oany poopy uigoy,
Aq vpor paweuruop st weysumon ‘aseiuL] pue audyauo1g
Ayr] ‘2req pue pouUTtP MoU s} asa10J Pooauays IuEpIaa-2DU0
ayp ‘usu Audu sty pue Poop] UIgoy Jo puepaMoY pa{qey
suei3oq Jo Suuayped v ae preayzaso —
AN 1,usoop ‘sadQa jo soyp | "ayasup) s,2y fi ym og "y90q
atu awos mos v amb poy pug poy pun ays pavay | "uni pusoy
st afim sty ft wana ‘urm4a9 4of s2uLEDyD D st aouDpUAALD IY,

wupyBul220\}

"Burypey jo shof axp paraaoosip
asnf axey OYM sBuNppTYD eyxood jeIAas Or sluapms AusiATUN
1220] woyy ‘suonved jo wnuysads prog e Sunseme unBaq sey ase]d

AayBiqD 242 Jo 8]

up pur ‘sraq]9sasanoy ay jo 2u0 9g 01 paaoud aavy suvag ossouds>
paz2ao2-a1ejo20yp ay] "dn ypid 01 pauiaas ssauisng nosuey say
se aoejd aup pardope sidapy yeast, s,eaze ayp Jo Je19Aas auo pue
‘uo 1y8ne> uoRoU ayp ‘ayy e Jaye Ng "s9A09 10} SuLAuNDs Warp
jo Auew spuds Suizyje190s Ayyenaze Jo aySnowp arp pue ‘s|jays yp
JO no ajdoad yersosnue astauaypo aySno1g ou ayp Jo AatwAUOUE
2up ‘Burqamsip apy] e seas ajdoad yarn (ysay aup ut But, avaw,, 10)
Sunsow jo uonou ays IY passazuod Suruado puesd ayp 07 awd
PIP oym asotp jo auiog "moys paureusas ssautsng ‘asudins s,4aupoy
01 ang 41 Inoge preay pey auoue sem OYM aUOAIAAa UOOg
"sonTUNWIOD dUT[UO JeUOHeWIDIUT pue [E20] ay YSnosyp Appin
peaids prom ‘s1y 18 Uo Yared 01 mo]s sem ssauIsng YSnoyTY
"yenbs anoypim ayeox9qho pu asnoyaayoo
e Yaysayoueyy ul pauado Ansadey Jaye] syyuoW! May eB ‘auTTUO
2ye> aup asnoy o9 aus a]qeas e aprvoid pjnom ay yeep aUeaUI Aqdus
ay paumsse auokiaaa aw ayp 3e YBoypLY "owoY TauEULEd
821 948 02 poayosos weysiaae}] Aaupoy Jopuareg owNsUo] |HUN
sauis pure saHSAW ‘stasis snouea punose Bursunog ‘166 ] aout
satpour 10 ULOJ BuO UT avedsiaqA9 UT parsixa sey JJosit aDe[d ay
"dU]eAI UT Iau 02 aDe]d aIp se sIaBUT]Sqom pue soUTUTEAOId a1]
Ayn Suowe unouy st Ansade J ‘oxy w zye anger AUaDay
adapy yen, "weysionepy Aoupoy —

*s€upung uo asp01 anuuDUL
fo aaad v ynm ‘suuna pup var uo Swo8 uaag s,ay sy2am om.
{ala sano ay0]9 WY) 2ag "suRUEONIA *sIBaME "aaffod "va "aUIAffoD
"aanag Sunpawos aavy ay ‘24ay 190q ansas 1,uop am ‘oN,

fiaasodp |

"ypP{ Jaupo Aue ueUp Nyse JeUoIseDD0 ay ue YseNys
yim sejndod aiow st saasaypueyy ‘Joodisar] se sauueW oures
up Ut ,asne> 2s0},,# se UTEYAIY so Aq UDds:I0U YSNoY_| ‘stpUoUE
axaye sonye siutdsasonysiug atp uada uadurep 0 suuaas Aarau ‘99e[d
ap jo axaydsoune sop wapoui-rsod ayp Aofua ajdoad Sunok
Aureus apy jy "yaxsayouEWY Ur pores aavy spueg [eI2UWI-Advay pue
>yund sejndod asow s,puejSug jo Auepy -ysunquipg pue uopuo7] ut
sqn]p 2 9q 01 sus99s 91 UORReAqa]99 au URL JoYREI ‘9y] Aep-o1-Aep
Jewstp woy uONDeNsIp Arexoduz93 & Jo a1ous aq 02 swId9s.IBy U9AD
ynowp ‘ouaas qnjoaysiu aannse Apstey e aay saop Aa19 ay

"y]m se aray

Apuanbay az0u punoy aq 02 wees ureUNeG] pue ‘uOIg]Y Ur AND

Aue yo ajdoag utunany jo aBeruaaiad asaysty ayp sey zaisaysuEyy,

qetp punoy aavy aypis ayp Suowre srejoysg "BurypAsaaa areauutad 02

swiaas2eyp wy] Aes3 |]Np e Ut Aa1D aX Jorsow aysem aavy UoRN}od

Jo ley © pue Aimuas e pur araisuog "asay]3n ayp jo auo pue
‘sumon Aaisiaatun aan" SW SY] atp Jo auo s} JaysayDUEYY
deopar zpjia ‘outuues ayef —

sanund uapiv8 24H) Yoo] s,uorySug ayyui axay saan ays pup ‘1snuL

mau sof sn uo Buryiou 208 s,uopuoy] 1amb s 2 "yavp 24 asnv2aq asnf

IMYp 1UIWOUL D Lof yurYA 1,UOp Ng "aMDU YSnoUI-BuMYf D swaas 1
saunawios pun ‘ssawying] fo xD aya payo2 2anfd siya pavay 20,1

AIASIYOUDC |)

jAmrunuruos areiodio> poureruos-sj9s sty puryaq asodind
Jayep duos 2194p st 10 ‘BurOFWwoD ArruUosUOD Jo TUaLAJD at PUY
Apournuas oym ajdoad asoup ary "sasofoxd euonvasdaa paaoudde


The Copper Griffin

This banal chimera was created in the days of King
Albion as an assassin against the queen of the Kingdom of
Three Hills in Caledonia. As his victim escaped ona trod, the
griffin tried to follow her. But along the way, he ran afoul of a
Verbena coven (perhaps the ill-fated Harrowgate coven, later
to meet with General Christopher Wyndgarde), which con-
signed him to a Horizon Realm, that he, like many other
chimera and mythic beasts native to Britain, might be pre-
served. Noone knows how or why he made his way back to this
world (or if any other beasts escaped with him), but since his
arrival he has been doing his best to lay waste to any freehold
or motley he comes across.

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 0, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 1,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Intimi-
dation 4

Glamour: 8, Willpower: 3, Banality: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, 3, 3, -5, dead
Attack: Claws/ 6 dice, Beak/ 8 dice

Powers:

© Flight

‘The griffin has the power of flight, which it uses quite
effectively, both as a means of attack, and if necessary, escape.

well). In the years that followed, the shipping trade kept the city
invigorated with a constant stream of travelers and entrepreneuts..

until the world wars. The bombs of the two world wars hit the
Smokelands hard, but the increasing dependence on airplanes for

transporting both people and freight eventually left Liverpool

without a purpose, and fewer dreamers were drawn to her bleak
shores. Those who stayed lost themselves in the day-to-day routine
of work, and Autumn descended hard on the people and the land.

Those who have struggled to shake off the Banality of the
place have generally fared very well, or not at all. The Beatles are
the most well-known example of this, though several other local
bands, artists and writers have also gone on to become popular.

Few Kithain stay long in Liverpool or its sister city, the aptly
named Blackpool. Those who do reside here face down the
Dauntain and Autumn People with awry witanda love of the land
that no amount of Banality can crush.

The Kingdom of
acher

It's a lovely part of the island we live in, and that's the truth.
Peaceful as the day is long, most times, and history stretching back
longer than you Colonial lot can fathom. But we're one place that's
not going to sit with our heads buried in the past. There's a lot going
on up here in the North Country. Folks who can show you the beauty
inordinary things, lke that James Herviot fellow. Or that bass-player


‘Bunyaas a19m
atp peapun ayp Jo [e19A9s Jo uostad axp1 UI UMD Jo INO soft DUIOS
pu ray jour Aayp ‘adeyd atp jo saoejd pauses pue sya1Seur ustuaq
ay Jo sow Sudonsop UI paaoons pip ssaTUNY aay I|NLA\,
‘3]qqnu.01 paonpar sear
duois ay YaUTUTeY pure Jasty> YAM xO Jo sINoY EIaAaS AYE Os
pue ‘szayuny 02 95uaNyUT IuOUIAp Jo YSNoUD Jooud sem (soxouTNba
pu saonsjos) sheg SusueyS ayp uo pont a1 wny a]qIpne Ajaueq
ayp pue taunem ajqedjed wsowye say ‘ono Suypesuey> pero] e
Jo auois pazoes ayp sem payddon stuaumuous arp jo auo "Kpeg
"Apprerpouruy soMtANde asisap 01 11
paiapio pur ‘uontsinbuy Aep-ane} stp Aq dn Snp sauaraua> [220]
yp Puy or payLoY azaa ‘saouanyutyn290 a{qissod Aue jo pur] ayp
affand 01 suoys stayp Jo aaruoddns asiy ae *ABI9]9 Je0] aY,J "INI
dup Jo paypeus wtp sore aueD Aatp SurypAue pasonsap pue
SOABIS parefOLA ‘souoysquior payddor Aayp ‘1ayx9Nspoojq jeEUoNIy
ay O1 parsouuos 4[qissod SunpAue ano adwm or peaz sap Uy
EINE] , [B94,, Au ANOge sauors [eI] Aq UA ‘are atp O2 UTED
siuny aridurea aq-pjnom Jo raquinu e yeu suiaas a] ‘ose AamuUad
¥ Uv) a10U! posoMeYs sem JUOIS Pardes ay Ing "YaMod ouIOs
Jo ono v pasnoy aouo Aquiy,y\ apisino syr]> adamspurn ay [,
aoejd ayp sareauuad j]ns aeyp a1aydsoune Auuors pur yep
ay dn yeos 01 suorueduios pouayeary-un stay YIM ati0D oY
‘ysenys pur ‘saSeu souG AMo|[OH] [eI2Aas axe Warp Suoury "ueUT
-a]qou pouurys-ajed 10401 01 asewoY Furded ajdoad SunoK yin
papooy st uation aainb AjpewuoU ayp se ‘AypeNuUE UNO ay sUNIIAO
[Pansy ,,{200,Y "ape astanor s,AquyA\ Jo YoNUU Jo aounos aya
SI [PAU shoUuey SOUL s,1ayorg UHRA IEE aIndsIp pjnom aay
yBenys zapyim ‘pasef —
mogo umjdwo2
01 aavy Kays ym 29s ,uop | ‘s]415}00y2s p29] ap Sumuwsp 10 anv9
Uo Suimous s,2u0 ou sv Sug] sy "sawn ay2 ym auy2 mnos nos
‘Kay ng ‘290] pun sayav2] y20Iq wi a}doad Sunok sn pp Kq ffo md apaay v
aKp saunmuad sof azay pany aavy somnunf asoym ajdoad ayn 2uns wi]
3, Mop Kaya atay dn 20u asv2] 1 ‘suayDadspno} pun woot ty suoR2v.nI
mo yap Kponsn 1,uop aay 4920 aydoag "SunyzCu 40 purjor1E,
ayy 10U sat mg ‘kom wmo si ut doar asunor v s.r ‘yoax

Ag2iyn)

-"qeay uvaUH OU — Aq]IG WO MOYs aup [ears 01 san AyfeuOIS

990 ays UaY A sofuApUAI NYsa Jay SMOYs TyDeg "(anor SuruaAa
ue jo pua ayp ie smopeys axp jo ino seadde ay uaya ssuNor
aupjoano sii ay Burseas Uayo) snoy e SuLANs st AypIg Udy dem ay
jo no Avis 0 spuar ysenys axp aA "YUE Ue pure UNYS-| NINE
‘sural sieam OY Mo}]a} ULDHAWHY []eI e ‘pare pur sada Surysne]
‘Suep yaa [13 ueiseing Bunod v ‘types are sino sty Jo sow UO
Ajpiq Suduedwosoy -(soured pre ajquoayjoo Surdng 01 08 yay
jo wow) sd yan parddns-jjam Aypig day oya ‘sisunoy atp |e
Jo asva] — putt 02 suzaas auo ou ‘apy e saystjaquia AyeUEISEIz0
ay Jt ‘asino> JO ‘su pu swaaed ayp JUNEY OYM stprEIM ay
InOqL AIG pos e SuIpN]DUE ‘Aa1d plo ayp Jo sia499s ax Jo sow SMOUY
Ajpigl "A219 ayp Jo sino papin8 Surat sSuruaaa pue step sty spuads
Oya vyood 30S & AI]IG St UAEYALY [NPLO]O9 1s0UL S440 X JOIUC)

d ayp jo Surjaay jeo1eur ayy uadurep rou sop Surjaay Jaquos
stip ‘paureuios avy oy sisoys jo saquinu areuoruodosdstp au 40}
peap ayp jo siids atp jo sxejoyps Suowe ayquiou st yo, ySnoy]y
sauts [eOUOsTY s, UO} at Jo sino Suruaaa pue auTAep ySnomp Uo
passed st Azoasiy yu s,umo2 ayp pu ‘Sistue jensta pur Suruopiad
Jeuonewaiur pur [E20] ssoy anuaD su SI] "pyom Wapow
dup yan ased Surdaay ayrya waey> quaroue su jo yonus sural
HOA ‘puejsuq ur sami pajjem paatasaid-asag ayp jo auE
someueying YsModg ‘aIzuayyy asepy —

Pua ayn ut ano suana jp 11
asoddns | ‘up Suruaddoy wouf Suny avs ays daay on sdjay aouasaud
4124p fang ‘punoso yons 01 studs av.nosua 01 uo 10U UL, KjpoULLONY

fopq sauniuad maf v umoI UI smaf ayn TP parr] qow v axaym
samip'"yBnoyp ‘asx0M ayp st 4amo Js ,puoffyD "apisioaus ayn &q umop
yspm stay Suiop 40 ‘Kup K1an2 umn yonq puv 20m 01 ffo Surjoxvue
"way fo awos yoo Kaya ‘sauoigy "ssow yonut os 24H) som ayn 02 Bu)
Coup ‘Com wrap uo aq pup ssauisng xrays dn ysnuyf uryp saypvy "ajdoad
ayn sp woggmis sv isnf a4v aay sisoy3 ayn wy) Kos 01 anvy | puv
"yong savak maf p 191M ay 4200 440 X WI Umop aun autos 1uads

yuofy

11 JapISUOD 10" J]! PUOUUE P07 Ang 408 Jay I] 01 9q
pinom op o1 Sunyp asaq ay sdeyzad aeyp wnny pastape sey pLpudy|s,
{pe "suno> we] Ysnug ayp jo pHom snstuTAneYp Ayysiy ay UL
Ajsnouas uaye) aq 02 a]S8nuns Joy Ut puryad IeUp |]! y>] ays ‘spaars
Aor} pur sapise> a[qistaur ur paaaijaq aaey aysiM ays UayM apt]
say] UT aun e sem azatp YBNoY | "say UOdn ase> sey PHM auEpUNUE
ayp exp jjads aup syeaug 01 ayqe uaag sey juaUNUEY>UA J0 NoWIE|D,
jo qunoure ou ‘{jdaap wy saaoj ays ysnowpye 104 "yn axp uELA
ayy Atte aaaryaq 02 4fy!] ax0u aq pjhom ays ‘Aypes ang *--auN Bae
sAep 20} Aeave paype> uayo st ay Aya say 02 UTE] Xa 02 aq pjnom op or
Burp ajqeiouoy ayp rep smouy aouazMe "say 02 |ryyprEyUN U9Aq
sey aduaime7] 1eyp AgOm 01 SuTUUIBaq s1 BDdaAqay Ng aA] UL YON

SOA WO
sarsuzeg Ape] SunoA Surysep & 02 paurew st aouaLMe] Yaypeay]

{aaa are Om ay] "2y1] aR} Sty Jo SuNpou smouy oyM-*

20 OEE FU EURSETIND OO ARIDPS LeU IIS S
sontpigisuodsas ay J "uumany axp Aq parades uaag sey zeay sty 30}
‘sarpeueg Jo ]]1Y9 aup [a9] oy SuruuTBaq st ay aweup Jay AueUL ‘s1DK
07 weEP arour 20} JJam paymu sey ay YSnoy] "puowE aouUAIMEy
«Jou & st zaypeayy Jo WopSury ayp jo s9]NU qUND ayy
"spuepoypeapy ay jo uBlaz9A0s ay 01 Aapeay aav0 Ung UT

pue ‘diysi9]nu uno stoyp ureiar soye-] ayp ‘kumu99 e 01 980]9 10} MOU

patunay uaag aaey oan yp Ysnoy | ‘WopsUry ap jo aaa ay Woy
yo pauonnied sem siea |. Jo wopSury aup ‘sog¢] aup Bung

suMqUDD 10} A]]Nyaovad parstxa ‘zed asow yp Joy ‘9aey OITA StU

Ut yany atp saandsip (aaey 1 anuNuoD pue) pey aavy pyom jeuoW

ap UL sauIUNOD OAN aUp aI!YA\ ‘PUEPoogpuE puL|sUg jo UrEYDY

9p ua9aiz9q Jpsog [EUONIPeN ayp WHO) YoryA JOATY aUA | ay pue

TeA\ sueUpeEH] se sey se a10Ys warsea ax uoye ANUNOD soyxe"] ay
s1apiog pur] jo yaiansstyp ‘ANUNOD YUON ayp se UNoUy Oy
puoung aouaie7] Suny —

«YPO}

ysm102g yavp,, aya wi anspaq ay mnogo auo ayn Kyrroadsa ‘o1snut

y pay Com] | "AayroLoSuNpawos UopLOD ‘aisvamany wo4f moral


TheDaincipalicyof Tears

Yeah, it's the kingdom of tears alright... more self-pitying sots
than you can shake a stick at up there. Sighing for the past, for lost
futures, for the lack of adecent cup of tea, blah, blah blah. I've never
understood what is supposed to be so "romantic" about sitting out on
a muddy hillside in the drizzle, weeping after what you can't have

— Jim Cracktimber, nocker grump

Though it is now officially a part of the Kingdom of Heather,
the Principality of Tears retains its own identity anda very different
mood from that of the moors and dales to the east. Bordered by the
Irish Sea to the west and Morecambe Bay to the south, the
principality's lakes and mountains make it unique in Albion. Once
one of the most remote and unspoiled areas of England, the Lakes
District has inspired poets and dreamers for countless centuries.
Though many an angstful poet has mourned the injustice of it all
in these hills, the kingdom draws its name from a legend about the
lakes.

The lakes themselvesare reminiscentof the lochsof
just to the north. Like their northern counterparts, the la
region tend to be long thin fingers of water, snaking their way
between craggy hillsides. Lake Windermere, Coniston Water and
Wastwater are among the largest and most well-known, but
smaller lakes (often with less tourists and the accompanying
Banality that often follows in their wake) abound.

Wuyverts Tears

Iis said that in the in the days when mortals first came to the
island, mythic beasts roamed the land day and night. Over time,
the dragons were slain and the nightmares banished to the dark

places. But those who conquered the land saw little difference

between the beasts, slaying both friend and foe in blind fear. One
of the most well-known of these was a dragon called Wyverll. She
had fared better than many of her kin in the more settled areas,
having befriended many of the local folk in the valley where she
made her home

Asthe time of the Shattering approached, more and more of
the fae stopped visiting her cave. Some stopped by to say their
good-byes before departing for Arcadia, while others simply van-
ished. Soon she too began to feel the cold chill spreadingacross the
land. She spent moreand more time drowsingin her cave, until the
time came when she knew she would have to leave. A sorceress
nearby offered to open a gateway to another world, where many of
theothermythic beasts had gone. There, she could live outherdays
in peace, without fear of knights with glory on their minds.

As Wyverllflewover the hillsand valleys whereshe had made
her home for centuries, she wept bitterly to think that she would
never see them again. She wept for the fae who had likewise been
forced to leave their homeland, and for the land itself. Her tears
splashed down on the hills, and the hills themselves wept to see
their friend leave. Waterfalls gushed forth from the rocky green
hills, andall the tears pooled intosilver lakes. The dragon promised


=

thatshe would hold the land in her heart to the end of her days, and
the spirits of the land replied that they would continue to weep
until she returned. The lakes and waterfalls that sprung up remain
to this day, though they are no longeras salty as they once were. Or
so the legend goes...

Park-a-QDoor

This freehold is one of the newest in Albion, having been
created in the mid-'70s by Lady Ellyndil (known among her mortal
protégés as Ellen Dilford). It has already come to be acknowledged
as an artist's colony of sorts, drawing poets and watercolorists from
the surrounding region to an inn on a hill overlooking the water
The natural beauty of Coniston Water and the surrounding hills
have inspired dreamers since the lakes' discovery. Through Lady
Ellyndil's patronage, many gifted artists have been able to find the
time and solitude they need to produce some truly wonderful
pieces. Though Lady Greenlance of Nottingham has visited a few
times, she and Lady Ellyndil seem to have had a tiff, and the two
are no longer on speaking terms

The unofficial court jester of Park-a-Moor is Jamie, Lady
Ellyndil's ward. The young raccoon pooka's pranks re tolerated by
most of the residents with a good-natured laugh, and his musical
ability (or lack thereof) has led to some of the most hilarious sing-
alongs the hills around Coniston Water have ever heard. Though
Jamie is still a childling (and a pooka at that), he has a serious side
that often puzzles newcomers. A sympathetic listener, Jamie even
has the ear of Lady Ellyndil, and many expect that she will pass the
freehold on to him when he is older.

Isle of che Cighcy

Only here for the weekend? Well, I'll do my best to show you
around, but there's more to see here than you could do ina week, and
that'd be pushing it. I'll bet you that after a weekend here you'll be
wanting to make it a week, and then another...that's how we all
wound up here, you know. This place has a way of eating wanderlust
for breakfast, it does.

— Josie Finn, wilder eshu

A quaint country town when it's not overrun by tourists,
Keswick lies on the shores of Derwentwater. Most travelers who
come to Keswick do so for the hiking, biking and other outdoor
activities (as opposed to many towns in the southern Lakes, which
attract Wordsworth groupies). As in many rural towns, you'll find
the people of Keswick much more personable in the off-season.
The local changeling motley (consisting of chiefly eshu and satyrs)
is usually willing to show strangers around, and frequently journies
down to Park-a-Moor for revels and to talk with the artists there.
Though they aren't apt to bring it up, group members have formed
a band of sorts. They have yet to talk to anyone at Park-a-Moor
about it for fear that Jamie will want to join in, but any newcomers
to the area who are willing to give their music a listen and offer
constructive criticism will earn their instant respect

Casclerigg

There are some downcountry who'll tell you Avebury is the one

to see, and a few who continue to sing the praises of the bluestones


in Salisbury, but I think you'll agree that we have something quite
special up here in the wilds among the lakes

— Lady Ellendyl

On a hill a half-hours walk from Keswick lies the Castlerigg
stone circle. Like many other stone circles, the stones of Castlerigg

are configured in precise astronomical alignment to the spring and

fall equinoxes, just as Stonehenge is to the solstices. No billboards
proclaim the stones existence, and the easiest way to find themt is
by following a path over hills overlooking the lake.

Notable as one of the most magical spots in the Isles not
located on or near a major ley line, Castlerigg has remained

unsullied by the commercialism and Banality that have afflicted
Stonehenge. Local Verbena as well as pagan Sleepers come to the
circle periodically, but the annual revels, when the members of the
Park-a-Moor household gather at Imbolg, are interesting. Usually
one or two mortals come along for the revels, though the next
morning they remember only dreamlike images of what transpired

Though the spirits within the stones themselves are now
sleeping, one or two can be coaxed out toshare in the telling of tales
under the starry February sky. Though the stone fae are notoriously
shy, those who have been to the Imbolg revels say that the stories
they tell in soft, low voices of times long past are truly wondrous.



D

V4

Kichan

England is the source of many of the most enduring faerie
myths and legends, but in recent years it seems fewer and fewer
English Dreamers have been inspired to create

ales about their

native land. And like their mythic forebears, the English fae

tohave diminished in power over time, just as those who were once

eem

considered gods in the early tales of the Isle were nothing more
than mischievous imps and fragile insects by the height of the
Victorian age. Today's Kithain are not united, and each kingdom
is so beset with problems from Dauntain, rogue chimera and the
ever-present threat of Banality that few have time to think of
things on a national scale. Many have begun to miss the forest for
the trees, so focused have they become on individual problems,
niggling details and worries.

Seehe Court

Though they once shared power equally with the Unseelie
Court by exchanging the reins of power twice yearly on the
Changing Days, the Seelie Court reigned virtually unopposed for
close to two centuries. Today, in the aftermath of the War of Ivy,
the two courts have become more equal in size, as the so-called
"golden age" of King Albion's reign has ended and more Kithain
have become embittered. Though in the past Seelie fae of all kith
kept in close contact, in the last few decades they have become
increasingly isolationist, with groups within individual kingdoms
having less contact with outsiders,

On

Unseehie Courc

The Unseelie Court is far more organized than its Seelie
counterparts, with an effective information network connecting
the furthest-flung islands with the heart of London and beyond.
Over the past century, it seems that more Kithain have begun to
favor their Unseelie sides, and those who have not fallen to
Banality have swelled the ranks to the point that the two courts are
nearly equal in size.

The Shadow Courc

The Shadow Court maintains a small but effective
presence in Albion. Its most prominent members are Lord
and Lady Greenlance of Nottingham, and many of its agents
are Unseelie commoners, rather than the Thallain and sidhe
who dominate in Concordia and elsewhere. Most English
Kithain are completely unaware that the Shadow Court is
activ in their area, preferring to dismiss any incidents
as either the result of overzealous Uns

Dauntain.

hildlings or lone

Kingdom of Roses

The Kingdom of Roses saw the worst of the War of Ivy in
1969; political divisions between commoners and sidhe remain
tense even today. Though this does not show itself in open

Chapzer Three: The People of Aldion


"S{UNP oy UeEp JaUOOs 0]]99UEYD 107 ayp wre]> AeuL Jaypad0y

wopsury ayp Surpjoy jo ssaus ayp eyp zeay AueW pue ‘pas a10Ur

pur zayed yoo] 01 unaq sey uorxajdusos anjq-Ayssty 994 "pauseun

aaa auauoddo ajqepruuoy & wry yo] 2aey aoUaLadxa reqUIOD jo

szead Auer sty "ueUr AfoY J9y0 JO pinup e Jo sre ayp WY aat8 s20p

TYAN ‘P22]2q A]as0o] ‘saqou YI!S an|q-9xep Suueam 07 udxEI Sey
sepq ‘sasoy Jo WOpsUrY axp Jo 40] ]0UeYD p4o7] se a]OI Sty Uy

‘s1uOWUOD pue

aypIsjo young snonoey eSuypny Jo ssauisng arp Uo aun azow puads

01 uauntda1 ssauny sty SuNda]au Jo asad e se stem atp punose

Surpped exaxa apy] & 193 02 paureas sey ay a2e] Jo pue ‘Aream a10WE

pue aro Surjoo] se8pgq win pue ay AjjeuuoU ap Udas aaky spudTy

Jeuoyy "wry uo dn Surdaars st wopduinig os uaa ang "Burry jo
urens oyp sapun Ajqesupe dn Suipjoy st ze3pq p107] sew]

"uontsod quaun>

sty ut sue dn aye 01 Suraey 4940 saystp se3pq YSnoyp Jequiod ut

a] [+ WHY siUueI# axe ay] "22eq JoIwaY atp UT ASTA pue ay

01 taas swaned yromouy saps sy "apeyq payor AjareouUT
ue Ula xv qeads peouaUNTYD v sassassod seSpy :saanseazy,

¢ Mayeueg

€ somodyT\

$ now},

] amen ‘¢ dey ‘¢ JOIDy :swTeAY

p arephe py '¢ UBtazaa0g ‘7 Avsyoog "} JEW sy

Zsommseaxy

‘p apLL ‘¢ anunay ‘p sacuosay ‘¢ sHurpjoy] :spunoZyaegq

¢ sonyjog *] sonsindury ‘¢ we] :sa8papmouyy

6 9]9/\ ‘¢ drysiopesy ‘7 ananbng ss]pPIg

¢ uOHEpruNUT ‘p apo ‘¢ |weag ‘¢ sNaT WY "¢ ssoUUDT YY ssyUIyET,

Z [eating

€ NAY } BUAsIJaIUT "¢ UORdaoidg :peTUDPY
Z aouerwaddy ‘ uonejndiueyy ‘¢ eUIsUEYD sPeRD0g
p eurumerg *¢ Auarxag ‘9 yBuang :eaIshyq

TOL ep

fiayBicD 242 Jo a\8] 9¢

J9p | A\ :Burusag
astperegpuasiay 28919887]
arjaag sanog
"auomtp ayp ouinsse 01 1y3u ax pur sajqou
ayp jo redsax ayp wayp ques Ajqissod pjnoo aweyp asj Surypsue
40 ‘squoys Woy |]nd 02 spoms ‘Aejs 01 SUOSEIp ino BuryAaas "WOpSUPy
ayp jo tpSua] ayp pasiaaen aaey savepipues snoues ayp ‘own
weyp aduIg "Suny axXaU axp Sursooyp jo suvaut v se parunoosip sea
Azano} eAox ay ‘wopsury ayp jo sfe!oyyo pur sa]qou snouea ayp
yo snsuasuoo Aq yewp pasne> uaag pey zeoudn ue ypns ‘awn Uy
aon0u UOYs Yons Uo ut days 02 YBNOUD
]]P% wopsurZ ayp jo sSuPpom ay sow, oy uosiad Apu ayp
seas ay pur ‘Suge Jo 3s9IUOD k UL WY 389g P]NOD Aue IeEp AJoy!UN
seq a] "uasoyD aq P]NoD YoreUOW B |BUN 10]]2ueYD Puo] se aA198
pinom 2e8pq Eup paproap seas. ‘soreprpues uauuosd a10w at Jo
Jez9aas pur spo] s,wopSury axp Jo AueW YIM aouaiazUOD ayeaud
Uy [Py UaAA UE UO eq Bun 198 01 paSeuew pue "yoreuoW
8 Jo aouasqe axp ur Ajaansaya arezado 01 panunuos wopSury ay
ans ayeur 02 ut paddays Apamb se8pq pur ‘Ajanuyaput uo Sup or
Su108 sem apexeyp sttp aeyp snorago auredaq I] "UOOU |]Ty v Joys
up Uo Play aq Ayuo pynoo ysu-soy ay rey Sunes aru qua!oue,
ue 0) 20u19J91 PUNO} s19[NU aq-p]nom ay Jo 9UO UDdYA parep

-TRAUT astMay1] Sem pue ‘pjay sem BuLAeyp JayROUTy "awWODINO ay?
a0uanyut oO nOWE|D pasn pey siuEIsaIUO9 ay Jo 9U0 IY poyearay
Uuoos sea 11 ang ‘pjay sear SuLMesp y -qof ay 40} uosIad Ay0M
sow BY? sem (Ys 40) 2Y IBY Sure] y>ea "UND 02 pay>oy
pur] au ssox9e Woy apis pur sisuOUUOL ‘J9[NZ 3x99 9q pjNom
YM auTULAIEp 02 P]ay aq Pom YsU-10y e aeL paouNoUUE sem
2 4ray ue SurweU INoYALK Papua UBlad s,uoIgTY Bury uayA\,

-wty uodn
smut uaag peyreyp UOHsod ap o1 porins- [1 sea ay 3]9}9y YBNOLD
spazaaem 22A9u UMoID ay 01 Aa[eAO] SIH "99UAN YU! eoNI [od s91Va13
avy 01 mar 1e3pq ‘pjoyasnoy s Suny axp jo peay sy "urepaquieys
jo uontsod ap o1 wy pareaaya orgy Bury uaya painss0 Uo
-owioad snoroidsne asow sty sdeysad ang -zapeay sem 01 uordurey>
ryBruy 01 ayBiUY o2 saxpjos wos uNY IYBnoIg as SHOAIIW
spuorsany py 1e3pq YATE sty JAG "SIOsIApe paisnn ysoW s,BUPY
yp jo auo auresaq ApyoInb auorsanty j\ epg "uBt91 3uo] sty Jo pus
atp premon uorqy Bury 10} Surpiom uesaq Ajuo oy ysnoy |,

YO|JIOUDY PAO] 9Y |
‘QUO2S92I1Y) APD

-aanany 9]qv998910}
yp OUT [MU Or aNUTUOD JIM SUOISDNTYA\, PIO] Ws PINoa 31
0s ‘AJatUyapUT UO aNUTIUOD 02 Ajax] Was SUP MU e Jo UONDI}9s
atp pauodisod aaey aetp sjanp pur sareqap yewuoy ‘sSuaanaueul
Jernyod ayy ‘spuejasoy aya jo Bury se aypis & jo uoNeU
0409 aUp payfersaso} Aawy SyUeI 9YpIs UTA sUOISIAIP ‘]]NS
-aypis Aueut 02 a]qequryun st zaMod Jo stray atp Sut]jonu0D
sfqUOWOD JO UOHOU ay ‘AuOUIaIa9 pue UOHIpeN jo pur] sitp
Uy "eIp109U0T) 10} spuEjasoy at Woy uedap a1ow pur ‘spuE|as0y
2y2 01 sWOpSury ayPO ap Woy AouL 9ypis a10W TeaK Az9Ad "Woy
puryaq ased ayp and 01 auoszaaa payse sey 2e5pq p1o7] ySnoy |,
"uotsual ay asta 02 AaryeuLoy pue ssautantfod 01 40s91 Jaye OY
asorp se ‘Aasoy st sSunayped ,paxtur, 2sous 2e auOI ayp ‘saN|Nas0Y


Roleplaying Hints: The world is becoming too much for you,
but you know that the kingdom needs you now more than ever. If
any one of those bumbling foppish sidhe who were capable of doing
1 good job, you'd step down in a second. But they prefer to debate
and duel and complain, leaving the business of running the king-
dom to you. You hope to one day find a worthy successor...orat the
very least, someone who can assist you in this bloody miserable
business until one of the pretty boys rises to the top of the hes

CDary Crimson

This good-natured redcap and her brother Mick established
the bar 2Right in 1990, and since then business has been steadily
increasing. In a time when most of the nearby clubs catered to the
"pretty people," who sipped sweet mixed drinks and tryed not to
look desperate for a date, 2Right was an atavistic temple of dance,
rebellion and release. With help from an anonymous adult backer
(who some believe to be a mage), the two were able to navigate the
legalities necessary to make the club a reality.

Though Mary is in fact only 12 years old, she has an ageless
quality about her that has allowed her to pass for 16 or older in the
right light. It helps that she is rather tall for her age (5'6") and more
physically mature than most other girls her age. But more than
anything, her attitude conveys the rebelliousness and energy
normally associated with teenagers. And for those occasions when
abobby tries to nab her for truancy, she has several student ID cards
from universities around the city that can usually pass for authentic
even without help from a cantrip.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Troubadour/Grotesque

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Redcap

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts 2, Melee 2, Security 4

Knowledges: Computer 3, Law 2, Mythlore 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Dreamers 2, Resources 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 1, Primal 3

Realms: Actor 2, Nature 2, Prop 3

Glamour: 6

Willpower: 3

Banality: 2

Image: Mary is a sweet-faced punk with spiral-shaved, crim-
son-dyed locks and hazel eyes. Her favorite outfit is a worn T-shirt
that's imprinted with a dictionary definition of "fuck" and the
various ways it can be used in conversation, over cut-off jeans. She
generally tells people that she's 17, and she's just bollocksy enough
to make most people believe it.

Roleplaying Hints: You love to tir things up, and will often
go out of your way to instigate trouble just to see what will happen.
But you don't mean any harm by it, of course. .. sometimes it's just
hard to get people to say what they really feel when they're being
all guarded and polite. The one thing you will not tolerate is people
acting phony. Play-acting is all well and good in a pantomime, but
you want to be spared of it in the real world.

Lord Berwin Lindett of Oxfordshire

Though he remembers little of his life before returning here
in '69, it seemed obvious from his breeding that Berwin was
destined to rule. Vague images of towers beside a river brought him
home to Oxford. Though many things had changed during his long
exile, many of the old colleges remained the same over the
centuries. How comforting it was to see familiar things amid the
bicyclesand tourists! And how wonderful thatthe commoners had
kept things so well during all those years.

But how disturbing that the trollish barbarian in control of
the area was unwilling to relinquish control to the land's rightful
guardian! After besting the oafish wench in single combat, Lord
Berwin assumed control of the local area and began acclimating
himself to the modern world, even accepting a post as a history
tutor at one of the colleges. Many of the local commoners were put
out when Lady Garyn Garfield (whom Berwin refers to as That
Woman) was deposed, and many left for the Kingdoms of Mistand
Chalk. Today, Lord Berwin spends his time teaching, reading and
playing an occasional game of cricket when the mood strikes him.
Outsiders of sidhe extraction will find him an affable companion,
though most commoners will be treated with condescension at best
and outright distaste in the case of most redcaps.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Courtier/Peacock

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

House: Gwydion

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 5


Talents: Dodge 3, Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Kenning 2,

Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 3, Melee 5
Knowledges: Law 2, Linguistics 1, Mythlore 1, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Gremayre 5, Holdings 2, Resources 3,
Title 3

Arts: Soothsay 2, Sovereign 5, Wayfare 2

Realms: Fae 4, Nature 2, Scene 3

Glamour: 4

Image: Long, blond, wavy hair tied back with a blue silk bow
andarresting blue eyes look appropriate on this sidhe who favors tail
coatsand breeches ina mid-1700s style in his fae mien. He even has
a couple of powdered wigs that he trots out for special occasions. In
his mortal guise, Berwin (or Bertie to his close companions) usually
wears casual polo aficionado clothes with the requisite horse and
rider over the left breast of every shirt. He even has a jaunty cap for
occasions that take him out of doors for extended periods.

Roleplaying Hints: In your absence, Oxford has truly blos-
somed in many ways. Such a pity that the commoners who were
here to see the city grow are incapable of realizing what a gem they
had in this place. Of course, barbarians like That Woman or those
dirty redcaps can't be expected to have any appreciation for art,
literature, orany of the things that separate us from beasts. It'sreally
for the best that they left.

Kingdom of Chalk

Though the Kingdom of Chalk is predominantly composed of
eshu and satyrs, Kithain from all over the island come to the sunny
beaches of the south shore for holiday, and many of them decide to
stay. As the sprawl of London creeps southward, more nockers of a
technological benthave been setting up shop in suburbsas far south
as Gatwick (where, itissaid, several nockers work in maintenance).

Isle of che COighzty

When Gladys first came to what would become Pandora's,
she fell in love with the place. Never mind that some stuffy
he decided it had to be hers. Cocky
bastard that he was, he readily agreed to duel the slight girl for the

bloodsucker owned the pla

deed, and even thought to put the moves on her just before they
headed out to the back lot. As much as the artist disgusted her,
Gladys played along and let the old fop suck a bit from her
wrist...whereupon he promptly became entranced by the kaleido-
scope that the world had become.
and got in her three touches ina flash, at which point the leech at

adys helped the fool outside

least had the decency to honor their wager. Old Reginald still
comes by occasionally to flirt with Gladys, who usually gives him
acrushing insult, drowning any hope of getting another taste of, as
he calls it, "thy sweet nectar". So long as Reg keeps his fangs off the
patrons, he's welcome to come and watch

Shortly after winning the Box, Gladys fell in love with Gilda
Tamasi, an old acquaintance from her days in London. The two
swore the Oath of True Hearts, and Gladys found herself somewhere
she never expected to be: in a stable relationship, with a thriving
business. Though she balked at first, the whole stability thing seems
to be growing on her. She's no less wild in spirit than she was before
settling down, as anyone who has seen her dance can attest

Court: Seelie

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: S

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental
Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Expression 3, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Melee 3, Performance (Dance) 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Law 2, Politics 1

Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3


uoigyy Jo a1doaq{ ay] :228y | x2dvy5

"aq pjnoys a1 se asnf st Dryas "uI0D auO Jo sapis om ay] st ated
Surjnu ayp ‘arjaasup pue arjaag ‘aypts pue sauounUOT ‘sauMUaD 105
Aqqnyypiey auay paarasqo uaag sey ‘Ayaarnoadsas sayutm pue sawuuns
2240 Burpisaud ‘uno ow ayp yo aonseid ayy "stead axp J9a0 UI
20810) aaey swopsury Jaypo 2etp aarfe suontpen ap jo Aureus aday
aney spuepsty atp ‘swop3ury UoIgTy axp [pe Jo asaypeus ay |

2siC{—D {o wopBuryy

-preage ajt] aJoym anos puads ueyp ¥su
ayy uns 01 J9n9q $1 pur ‘paxy aq ued uNy Aue {eau EY pouseay
24,NOA BUI JAG "UNY 398 |]! BUOAUIOS eY PaUsA2U02 Nos jo
ured e skeape s.az9yp ang ‘dazed poos e ueyp a1ow Suryou a¥!] NO
-skpein Ajpersadsa ‘suodiaaa z9a0 ssng ssyurpy SuLAepdajoy
"ayeY 94 UTE] aaquin E2499 e syDNssoMNaWOs ays pue ‘syTISSUIMOY
ures ayp steam ayg *Auiaw azour axp Je seadde say ayeur 01 saatas
Aquo 2eep YBnowp Harggny> apy es400] sApe|C "war 9ey 194 UT

‘sypnisdoyp paranboe] jo red v yam azeyd ut paxy ung e ut
atey 998 ]q Asso]8 20y steam suNaUIOS pue ‘sBuLEa pjos ‘Suyjsuep
‘Suo] sieas UaYO EPTID ‘pueY Jay UT [11209 eB aNoYPIM Ua—s
Ajasea s ays pur ‘s10[09 yS1uq Ut Sy}Is SuLMOY preMo? UNL Or spuar
ssaup J9p] "datds pyar say sarpaq aeyp say anoge Aarpenb Apa~pow
8 SY ePID SOZ-PRU oY UT UEWON UBISY dunjd Vy :aSeuy

‘jams 001 pue AdruAs 198 02 spuar aI YUOM $394

e anoge aye dE padud sey sXpeyD ‘onby] 19aMs au Jo no sun

J9Aau1 1 YBNOY,] "auads v Joy aUO Aq AatJeURG AreIodwAI s,19yUUP

ap siamo] 21 se ‘ajdoad Auewr uo Dayo IEE aAKY SAOp a] "UMP

atey 494 29] 9uOAUE ayeUE UeD swITE]D ays YOIyM ‘auLN AuaqaveNs
Jo ano suns zaaou ry ysey diy e sey EPIL :samnseaxy

$ sayeueg,

¢ samodyt yy,

$ snow)

¢ auang ‘¢ soy sswpPAY

¢ arepde yy ‘7 jeu p UlEWAapIaseq ssIy

¢ seoinosay ‘} axkewiaiy ‘7 sioureaig] :spunoaByoegq
Z suo] YpAYY "| soNsINBUry ‘7 aindwoc :saBpaymouyy
Z eau " (Burjeg) syerd ss]]PIS
Za8npogng
"p uoneprumnyy ‘7 a3poc] ‘7 jaeag ‘¢ ssouuary square,
€ TUA\ *¢ aouAsT]aIUT 4} UoNdaoiag sper
¢ sounreaddy ‘¢ uoneindiueyy ‘} eusteyD :[e190g
¢ eurureig ‘¢ AaLianxag ‘7 YaSuang sesIshyg
ueidog

ata sanog
"req Suipuar oy sqUayed Jay PauuM sey ays sou INg yay
Ansed e se pey ancy syst ays jt] up sasstus ayg "speataso} 40} pue
shpe|O 20) eaepyeg sayew pu ‘gnj> ay una sdjay epyO MON
"atypour auo 01 sua}
aNd] Jo PO ayp aioms Aa yruow! v UNA pue ‘aygesedasu
219M OaN YL Yolg aU Aq UMOp qnjorYystU e pazinbow asnf pey oy
‘sApeys 2oUL ays ‘YaIe] SYDaM May Y "SOUTE] YUON ay UI Azayeq e
4940 UNO J9Y Jo IY apt] eo pasow ays ‘Surureg say JY "OUpad,
poureu eyood pjo Apury e soruaw 294 tpray uoIYysug o2 parour
pue diyssonuaidde s9y ya} epyig "umop apisdn pawm sunp
2 pur ‘omngeu anu Jy pa1aaogsip ys wy UDYp seas I]
-Asea sem aotoyp atp Yayo Ansed v 02 jpasiay Suronuaidde pue
{ars1aqtun or Su108 uaaanag asooys or awed aw aLp UaYA ang "UOR
-unnuyeut jo atp je upip Aaya ae4p aans apews pu ‘00 400 pjno>
ays "YO "Addey pue a9Inb suo sauNoA ay davy 01 padjay swan
say saye> pur sunosiq ‘said ‘sSurppnd :siaaas 404 sadioaruaxayIp
Jo suazop paurea] a]nsai B se pur ‘ssauisng UO AeA a1aM siUaIed
JY UaYyM Bugis JaBuNOA Joy Joye peyx0o] UayO ays ‘uaIp]Y
dantp yo asapjo atp sy "wood AzDA9 YIM aWOY v UT dn aaaB EPL)

stutjota asouedee pur sox0p yst]3uq we 01 uapuTED Ut WOg

221|20(] ppt

juaddey pjnom ym smouy oym uarp pur dn uasooy way avy

P,nod ‘ouay UMOp aut0d 02 A219 ayp WOY aYpIs Aynas asoup 393 pjnod

nod ATUO J] jAseOD YANog aJoYa ayp YIN yetp axeys UED Nod ‘qny> B
daey nos et Mou pue‘aouep OI aAoj Nog :sIUHEY SurAvpdajoy

deo v yeauag payeaouos saumautos

‘peayaioy Jy Woy ino BuPjNs suoY Aqqouy jo ated e YIN

‘sures ayp yonuu st aouereadde aey 19} "asnoyq 10 29A0]|nd paddors ¥

yam paddor Ayyensn ‘saauiat ur siued drums pur saumuns ur su0ys

ppdoig stone ayg "peay say Jo doa atp uo preaduod e ut woa\ Aqpensn

Si a1ey UMOIg-2OI09 YASua]-Japynoys Jay Pue ‘ej are astAUAYIO

Jay st9a09 sa}4>ay Jo SuNe|ds Yy ‘S908 ays sAa19yM spud CUT

sy djay sowny jo asuas Auez weYMaUOs pu apt] 10J wiseIsNIPUD
sApe[y ‘suaai are] 29 Ur UeWON SunoA aANIeME Uy :aSeuy

aypeueg

Z somody[A

$ now)

¢ dorg ‘¢ soy ssuyeay

as

¢ seunosay ‘¢ slauIRaIG] *¢ SIDED :spunoaByseg

$ Jewug ‘7 urewaprasay ‘7 AiouedTYD


Cueen Karotinda

Bom to a Kinain New Age shop owner and a professional
violinist, Caroline (as her parents know her) has always been a
precocious child. Though her parents have chosen to teach her at
home, she attends ballet classes twice a week in Bath, where the
instructor says she shows promise of growing into a prima ballerina
who could take the London dance scene by storm.

Karolinda is known throughout the courts of Albion for her
love of mortals. Members of House Liam are often disdained by the
other noble houses elsewhere, but Karolinda's charm and grace
have eared her the respect and allegiance of all in her kingdom,
commoner and noble alike.

Sherulesthe Kingdom of Mist from Beltaine through Samhain,
and has thereby eared the title of Summer Queen from her
subjects. She caresa great deal abouther consort, Morwyd, and like
most fae in the kingdom, Karolinda understands the necessity of
findinga balance between Seelie and Unseelie. She is perplexed by
tales she hears of the Shadow Court, and can scarcely believe that
it can be as bad as the stories say.

Seclie
Orchid/Peacock
Seeming: Childling

House: Liam
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 6

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Kenning 2,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 5, Performance (Dance) 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Mythlore 4, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Gremayre 2, Holdings 4, Resources 4, Retinue 5,
Title 3

Arts: Soothsay 4, Sovereign 5
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Prop 2
Glamour: 6

Image: Karolinda, with her white-gold hair and downcast
eyes the color of the Irish sea before a storm, has reminded more
than one awestruck onlooker of a storybook fairy princess. Her
bearing is distinctly royal, with a grace and poise remarkable even
for one of the sidhe.

In her fae guise, Karolinda wears her hair swept back beneath
agolden circlet engraved with an ivy pattern. Her tastes run toward
pastel silk gowns, which accentuate her already angelic quality.

Roleplaying Hints: Politeness is the true mark of breeding, or
so Mama always tells you. To that end, you are meticulously polite,
though you also know that making people feel at ease is important
That'ssomething you'restill workingon. Try to get to know people
for who they are, regardless of whether they are Kithain or not

King QDorwiyd

Perhaps best known for his honor guard, comprised chiefly of
Unseelie pooka and nockers, Morwyd is a notorious prankster. He
takes his duties as king seriously, but he also knows that it is both
his right and duty as the Unseelie of the pair to bring about change.
And sometimes the best way to shake things up is with a handful
of snap-n-pops under the knight champion's seat. It gets everyone
talking and breaks that horrible holier-than-thou silence that
Karolinda seems to enjoy so much. She's a great girl, and Morwyd
would do anything for her. She's just so...so...sidhe.

Though he observes the traditions of the land faithfully,
Morwyd is very much a child of his time. He enjoys making
miniature flying machines (often armed with cameras or remote-
operated squirt pistols), and has just discovered the joy of computers.

His parents in the mortal world despair of what to do with him.

Though his teachers have always claimed he was bright, he has
never excelled in his studies. Morwyd hopes that if he does badly
enough at school, he'll be thrown out for good, leaving more time
for making flying machines.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Riddler/Paladin

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Nocker

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Leadership 3, Security 5, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 1, Science 3
Backgrounds: Holdings 2, Mentor 3, Resources 2, Retinue 3,
Title 3, Treasures 2

Arts: Legerdemain 3, Primal 5, Sovereign 3

Realms: Fae 3, Nature 2, Prop 4

Glamour: 5


Willpower: 4
Banality: 2

Treasures: Morwyd carries asilver-baskethilted rapier, a gift
upon his Saining from Lord Greenlance of Nottingham, where his
family sometimes traveled on holiday. He has yet to learn how to
use the sword well, but fortunately for him the enchanted blade
grants a certain measure of kill to the user, raising his Melee skill
by +2 (giving Morwyd a whopping Melee score of 2).

Image: Morwyd cuts an impressive figure. His coal-black
curls are crowned by asilver circlet engraved with ivy, which often

hangs crookedly over one ear. He laughs easily, though often at

times thought inappropriate by Karolinda and others.

His usual court garb consists of a paisley doublet and hose in
dark violetsand blues accentuated with silver accessories — though
for raids and hunts he dons asilver studded suit of nightblue leather
armor and an improbable great helm with blue and violet plumes.

Roleplaying Hints: For all your pranks, you are at heart-
staunch traditionalist. Sometimes the old ways need a new spin,
that'sall. You try to keep the old ways alive, though not in the same
ways as Karolinda. Let the girls dance around the maypole and leave
flowers on the pillows of newlyweds; you and your boys will show
everyone a thing or two. Most of the mortals in the area have
forgotten the old ways. Yet farmers are learning once more that if
cakes and cream are not left for the Good Folk, their crops may not
grow (thanks to a fiendish thing your chief of security calls the ninny
bug, amechanical insect that can consume entire fields of seedlings).

CDegan

Thisancient fae has acted as the keeper of the flame at Bride's
Lodge for centuries, though she appears no older than 25. When
the Shattering came and forever broke the land, she chose to take
on a mortal seeming that she might remain in the world. The
transformation was painful, butshe had swom to protect the sacred
balefire of the Isle. Though during that time Megan would some-

times retreat into Bedlam for yearsata time, she eventually learned
to reconcile her fae and mortal selves.

Today she has struck a balance between her life in the
everyday world and the task of guarding the sacred balefire. She
chooses the women who help her to tend the flame with care,
including Kinain, mages, and occasionally Garou and Kithain.
Megan looks after her assistants with a motherly care, and one
would be hard pressed to find anyone who left Bride's Hall with ill
feelings for her.

No stats have been included for Megan; assume that this
ancient fae can command all Arts and Realms at maximum or
near-maximum power if the need arises.

Celia

Celia is the embodiment of afree spirit; she has hitchhiked to
Prague and back, twice, and visited freeholds across the continent
with only a bicycle, a backpack and her Glamour to guide her. She
went through her Chrysalis in Greece, as a 16 year old in the hills
above Athens, She returned to her parents house in Bath confused
and broke, for once needing the attention and comfort she had for
so long scomed. But her mother was away on business, and the
expansion of her father's work down at the market kepthim far too
busy to deal with a wayward teenager. While ona long walk during
that delicate time she stumbled upon Fellowship Hall, and found
the only true family she has ever known.

Though she was born to relatively wealthy parents, Celia has
always tried to prove to herself (and everyone around her) that she
doesn't need help from anyone. The friends she has found at
Fellowship Hall don't smother her, and she has the freedom to do
as she pleases. For now, she is traveling around the area with a
dance troupe. Tomorrow she may quit and spenda month camping
out on the downs. Her only companion is a little yellow bird
chimera that she calls Whittle. As long as Whittle is around she is
convinced she doesn't need anyone.

Court: Unseelie


Legacies: Savage/Wayfarer

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Satyr

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Expression (Painting) 3,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 3, Melee 3, Performance 3, Sec
Knowledges: Law 2, Occult 1, Science 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Gremayre 2
Arts: Chicanery 3, Primal 2, Wayfare 4
Realms: Fae 2, Nature 4, Scene 3

Stealth 2

Glamour: 4
Willpower: 3
Banality: 3

Image: A lithe beauty, Celia's mixed heritage has graced her
with an au lait complexion and longdark ringlets, which are usually
worn free or swept off her face by a silver comb. Moving with an
athletic grace, she is quick on her feet and a dancer without equal
at Fellowship Hall's revels.

In her fae seeming, Celia's short ivory hors peek modestly
through her black tresses. Her painted toenails, shown off in her
mortal guise through open-toed sandals, turn into brightly lac-
quered hooves in her satyr form

Roleplaying Hints: You live to explore, to experience, and to
have fun. Those who refuse to embrace life will be left in the dust,
and those who know how to soar will rise up. Seek out those like
you, and we'll just see who lasts the longest

Kingdom of Smoke

Though the Kingdom of Smoke is home to some of the most
bitter Autumn Folk in the Isles, there are stilla great many Kithain
who remain, trying to turn the tide. Others plainly state that it's
high time the Kithain learn to adapt to their surroundings, and try
to fit into the often regimented and sterile world that centuties of
industrialization have created

Lord Oavey Wheelurighc

Ie's not easy to hold things together in the Smokelands these
days, butifanyone can do it, Lord Daveycan. Anarchitect by trade,
Davey has been trying to influence the style of buildings in his
native Manchester, but the results are discouraging. Where Davey
sees columns and flying buttresses and graceful archways, his
clients inevitably see too much money, and demand something
simpler, more economical. So it's back to the drawing board. Even
so, he always manages to put something interesting into every
building he designs. Often it's a gargoyle perched high atop the
roof, or a pattern in the flagstones on the patio. Admittedly,
sometimes he and his workers goof. But mistakes mean more
chances to go in and jazz things up a bit!

As the ruler of the Smokelands, Davey has a struggle ahead
of him. If it isn't the bloody idiots at city hall making plans to turn

Isle of che CDighcy

the well into a reservoir, it's those backstabbing fops down in
Nottingham making his life miserable. No matter, Lord Davey
knows that what some see as his biggest problem — the banal
chimera that hasbeen sighted nearby —may prove tobe his biggest
asset. Only when confronted with an enemy do people really come
together, and thisis Davey'sbigchance torally his people. Ifall goes
well, the Dauntain are nexton his list. Now ifonly he could feel safe
turing his back on Nottingham:

elie

Paladin/Outlaw
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Nocker
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3 , Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Kenning 4, Streetwise 2

afts (Architecture) 5, Drive 2, Leadership 2, Melee 3,
Security 2
Law 1, Science 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 3, Holdings 2, Resources 3,
Title 2, Treasures 3
Arts: Legerdemain 3, Primal 4
Realm

Knowledges: Computer

Glamour: 5
Willpower: 3
Banality: 3

Treasures: Davey's Treasures include a feather-quill pen
with a never-ending supply of ink. He also has a prize suit of
chimerical armor handed down from a distant relative, though it
takes over an hour to don the entire contraption.

Image: Lord Davey's close-cropped blond hair appears white
toKithain eyes. His everyday costume isa dark-brown Oxford shirt

with the sleeves rolled up, with somewhat-wom navy corduroys.


Though his dress is otherwise fairly conservative, he hasa fondness
for intricately patte
knotted. Lord Dave

ed silk ties, which he usually wears loosely
always has a pen or pencil behind one ear,
occasionally his prize quill pen. Though he often seems to be in a
hurry, Davey tries to be sensitive to the needs of all his subjects.
For court occasions, Lord Davey hasan intricately slashed suit
of Renaissance-inspired court garb in navy and mahc
accented with silver buckles and buttons. Noone seems to remem-
ber him wearing his prize armor, though he is occasionally seen
polishing or tinkering with it.
Roleplaying Hint
if most of your subjects are redcaps? So what if the sidhe down in the
Roselands hav

You'te proud of your city, damn it. So what

-alled Manchester "a festering sore on the face of our
island." You have nowhere to go but up, and you welcome the
challenge.

Lord Whitmaron Greenlance

This dashing noble has caught the eye of more than one lady
in the courts of Albion, and his dalliance
This doesn't seem to phase Lady Greenlance, though, who seems

are nearly-legendary.

equally prolific when it comes to romance.

Wilmaron passes his days among mortals, as the C.E.O. of an
advertising firm. After choosing just the right art and the right
slogan from those his underlings propose, he is a master at closing
adeal. The Glamour he ravages from his employees is just the icing
on the cake. If he were in a London firm he might be relegated to
answering phones and making copies, but as the head of his own
company up here in scenic downtown Nottingham, he travels to
Paris, Stockholm and Madrid on a regular basis, staying in touch
with corporate clients whoknow that to get your money's worth it's
best to avoid pricey London firms.

Lord Wilmaron also acts as the unofficial leader of the
Shadow Court in E

Morwyd from the Kingdom of Mist, with whom he has been

gland. Among his current pupils is King

keeping up a correspondence for some time. When the time is

right, the child will make a valuable asset to the Court, and might
even prove to be the high king the country has needed for so long.
Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Crafter
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Eshu

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
nce 4, Wits 4

mina 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelli
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Kenning 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Leadership 3, Melee 4,
Security 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Mythlore 1, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 4, Holdings 3, Resources 3,
Treasures 2
Arts: Soothsay 3, Sovereign 3, Wayfare 1
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 1, Scene 2
Glamour: 5
Willpower: 6
Banality: 5
Treasures: Lord Greenlance wields a wicked-looking, ser-
rated longsword with an emerald in its hilt. Some claim it once
belonged to a knight who betrayed his lord, but Wilmaron dis-
misses this asa foolish superstition. The blade does give the wielder
an advantage in defense, as itadds +1 to the wielder's Dodge score.
Image: A dark-haired Gypsy with flashing obsidian eyes,
Lord Greenlance is the very image of Heathcliff from Wuthering
Heights. A pianist of some renown, his long slender fingers move
with inhuman dexterity across the keyboard, coaxing unearthly
melodies and familiar tunes from his instrument.
For formal occasions, Greenlance and his lady both favor
fet and brocade outfits with an Elizabethan flair.
You are a man with vision, unlike that
prattlingidiot Wheelwright and the rest. While other Kithain seek
to bemoan the lost glory of Camelot, you are moving forward. Itis
only by adapting to the ways that the world has changed that any
of you survive — and you intend to be on top when it's all sorted
out.

Kingdom of Reacher

Laurence Ormond

Lawrence Ormond is in a difficult position: The woman he

loves is in the grip of Autumn, and nothing, not even the power of
eemsable to break its spell. His lady, Rebecca, loves
him deeply as well, though she sometimes feelshe isabitimpractical.
What is more troubling, she is beginning to suspect he is having an
affair, for when he is called away on kingdom business, he refuses to
tell her where he isgoingor why. Many of his friends fear thathe may
soon decide to leave his responsibilities to the kingdom behind, and
join her in a world that has no place for things fae.

his love forhs
she is

Chapzer Three: The Deople of Aldion 63


In his spare time, Lawrence makes replicas of medieval and
Renaissance blades. He once dreamed of discovering the secrets of
the ancient smiths, who could weave Glamour into blades, but
now he is content working at his forge on weekends and occasional
evenings, creating pieces for collectors and re-creationists.
Court: ie

Legacies: Saint/Fatalist

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Troll

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Leadership 2, Melee 3

Knowledges: Computers 2, Investigation 4 , Law 4, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Holdings 3, Resources 4, Title 2

Arts: Primal 2, Soothsay 4, Sovereign 3

Realms: Actor 3, Nature 3, Scene 4

Glamour: 4

Willpower: 3

Banality: 4

Image: A tall man with rugged good looks, Lord Ormond is
imposing in his mortal seeming and doubly so to those who see his
changeling seeming; he is a towering troll with a seafoam-blue
complexion. A visitor from Concordia once joked that if had he
been born across the Atlantic, he would surely have been courted
by every basketball team in that country.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a man torn between two worlds,
and the strain is beginning to show. Friends fear that you may slip
into Bedlam, and to tell the truth, you secretly feel that it would be
a relief. But the kingdom needs you, and so you will continue to
plod along, hoping a solution will present itself.

Billy

Tour guides all over England share a certain style. Most affect

Oxbridge accents to sound authoritative, and the majority present
their sites with a boredom that comes of giving the same speech 10
times a day for years on end. But not Billy, he gives walking tours of
"Supernatural York," and his tip jar is always full at the end of the
trip. Not everything that Billy says is necessarily accurate in the
strictest possible sense, butit certainly is entertaining. And if people
come home with some exciting stories about what Evil Vampire
Lord So-and-So did to the Viking cabin boy who was left
behind...well, so long as they're talking. They're getting more
people interested in the town, and that can't help but be good for
business, right?

Though Billy tries to be a ladies man, he's often a miserable
failure. Perhaps it's the fact that his creepy friend Jared often
appears right behind him out of nowhere at the most awkward
times, or because some of his lines sound a bie trite. ("I've never
loved anyone so much, Janet... What? Oh, I mean Jill.") Bute
ifhe isn't the heartthrob he fancies himself to be, Billy has s
good friends, including Jared and Sachi.

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
arisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Performance 3, Security 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Law 1, Mythlore 2, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Resources 2

Arts: Chicanery 5, Legerdemain 2, Soothsay 1

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2, Prop 4

Glamour: 5


aupls "HM
Jap]tA\ *Buruaag
ypooeag/uIpepeg. +s:
ane.

‘20uls uayods you aaey pur ‘pajaurenb
om au] "poonpoad Aayp ase jenade ay utp sumD1A 194 Woy UTEAGO
Pjnoo ays zeYyM UT parsazaqUt a1ow UaSeaey a[q}SusooUt UP sea
weysuMoN woy Ape] ax IeEp aUaLedde awIeIaq UOOS 11 INg "Bare
ayp Ut sispe Sunod atp Sunowoud uy asazaqUT ue pareys Yog Aay?
se ‘puayaan Stuo] # 10} dn aouejuaarg Ape] paitaut aou0 ays

liom stp ur a1ay sontjod yo
ino Aeys 01 UoseaL v se 1eUp sasn pue "eIpesny Ut UeUOduN A|quIA.
auOaUOS Udag SULARY JaquIAUIAL O1 sUI9as AY ‘yasiay soysuaN
dup o@ut 398 ueYp JaypeT ‘Aoyod UO rySUAjaayy\ AALC] OI]
spuauy astape on wuatuod st IpUA||g Ape ‘weIontjod paarys y
-uoseay UnypiM ‘paau Aayp speuaiew saaarEyM se ]Jaa se ‘Hak v 10}
pivog pur woo1 paaiuerend are uorsstunpe 10} mataat orjopuod ap
ssed oy aso] "sisture zqpo pue sraquted yst]3ug Sumwo0s-pue-dn
40] sweanias jrytineag soul atp Joauo se UMOLY SuTWOD S129ENSIq]
soe] ayp Ul AuOJOD astue JDP] "sue au Jo ssouoNed awals wv se
aytyespeuow pue ureypry Suoure umowy-]]am st pudgy Apey

jipuAys, Apr]

supo | Jofiaypdisuric|

"roupe|q statp 01 Suruaist] Aq saigpn Sunsazavut no
puy soumauios nos aeyp SuLMoUy st wWatp yam dn and or no' smoyE
weyp Buryp Ayuo ay, sea] ay UF NOK JayLOq 2,USOP af "22UDT!S
Yplm sowod sowmMatios wy ssouIseaUN ay UPI [ep o2 Iaey

3,uop Aayp os asnf purus 01 sauiod aewp SurpAue vs |], Aay | "2oU9y!s
avey 01 wa9s ajdoad Auew og "uaist] :s1uNEY Surdefdajoy

‘yBenys paoey-Aased Aypensn

ayp 10} uaaa yep st ey uoIXa|duoy AypeMs & UNTY UAAIS sey

aSequay uesuauny-ueadoang wiaiseg poxiut spy 'sIno1 NIN pue

Aung) snoueA Woy SUTYs- | SuLeAA Uaas U9YO IsOUI SI pur ‘aha ay

ut a]doad syooy Ajases pozef 04 02 Aqaiy/y\ Woy Y10} pue x>9eq

Buny!yyoury uaasst ay Udy ploae o2 A]oy] aze s19AUp UosIAd Jou0s
aup st pauef ‘sada puearey prep yp tpnod Ayuey pea y seu]

¢ Anyjeueg

f sr9Modyyt A,

$ snows

¢ aua9g '7 dorg ‘¢ amNY

¢ aryhe yy "p Avsypoog *7 Jeu say

‘p aukeuiaig ‘¢ e1oWIYD :spunossyoeg

rsuUeaY

721209 ‘¢ a10[LPAYY ‘7 UONWANsaauy ‘> seLUsIUY :sa8paymouyy
€ [ealaing +} tpyeaig ‘¢ anda 7 aaaYy :SITPIS

p astniaang

‘7 Buruuay ‘} a3poq ‘¢ soneyypy ‘} ssounayy :siuae,

€ SUA ‘} a2UaSHJaIU ‘¢ UONdadiag :yeUayy

| aouereaddy «

p eumureag ‘¢ AaLaxag ‘7 YABuaNg reoIshYg

ysenig pyy

2op]1A\ *Burwaag

uonejndiueyy ‘7 eussiey,

qua} Y/yorarA\ 8919eBaT
araasup) unog
"umol ut seprjoy pue spuayzam
pue Aqany yy pauasap Ayaanejay ayp ut sdepyaam Sutpuads ‘Aquiy jy,
pue syoK uaameq own siy suds Aqestda paref "siaans Aa
dtp Uo umep |WUN ano SuIsueY pue Surqqn]> ‘Anaod oto SunuM
pur Supeas ‘uoneonpo ue jjasuny uaatd sey ay ‘pearsuy aroyauiue
payjorussaaou sey pare{ pur ‘passed aavy ssead as0up jooary |
"uosiad aiau v 3y9eq aui0>
pinom ay sivas sno} 40 aazyp yo pua ayp ae TeYp sadoy aup Ut ‘A107 UT
spies paz ‘yo wry yped o1 Addey ueyp azow aim Aatp "YQ ay
ut a89]]09 Surpuone UL ysazajUT Ue pamoys ay LAY Og "[ENpIAIpUt
jeposnue Ajquia v o1ur Sumo sem oy ey pareay squared
sty pue ‘sraypo yam [jam ded 20U pp a} "PHY aNoyprp v shempe
sem pasef ‘jue UE Dua Warsomplyy Atpjeam e 02 Wog

pop

Suuog Surpatios dn ayeus Ayan ype zaye Sdn
Sunsasayur Surpatuos yeu sdeaype |]EM NOA ‘TuryrUIOs 10} UoseaL
AYP MOU 2,UOp NOK jf -apsuE YSU ay Woy re paxoo Jt ‘BuNsa
-zaquy aq ueo SurpaAzaas pue SurypAuy sup] SupAypdajoy,
"ayqissod zaaauaya spst8 dn yo1d or nojdxa
02 ypinb st ay aouejquiasas w UAes B Joy UAxLISTUL UAYO st Alli
*eyood 108 k sy "saysut aartp Pood e smou8 preaq sty puke peayaio}
sty uo swioy Aqqouy om sinoads Aypig ‘Buruaaseyood sty uy -991v03
.a8unu3,, & jo sSurum8aq atp pue sey puoyg Autp ‘dun yarn Suryp
-AWOs-97 IDedUIOD k St Afpig ‘BurUIaas jeUOU SI UP :


1: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Expression 4,
Kenning 3
Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 5, Leadership 2, Performance 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 3, Mythlore 3, Politics 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Dreamers 3, Holdings 3, Title 2
Arts: Sovereign 4, Soothsay 3, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 4, Nature 3
Glamour: 8
Willpower: 6
Banality: 2

Image: This lovely sidhe's laughing blue eyes have been
compared by more than one poet to the color of a lake at

midsummer. She usually wears her ash-blond hair up in a loose
knot, and favors long, intricate earrings.

In her fae mien, Lady Ellyndil wears gowns of subdued blues
and greens, often embroidered with a silver dragonfly pattern,
matching the standard that flies above her home. She is often seen
playing her lute, a master crafted instrument inlaid with silver
knotwork along its neck.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a serious woman most of the
time, for you understand the realities of life as an artist. But though
your practical side has allowed you to bring the music and art you
love together in this beautiful place, it would all mean nothing
without a sense for the beautiful, for the magical things in life.

"Tis now the very witching time of night,

When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathest out

Contagion to this world. Now could I drink hot blood,

And do such bitter business as the day

Would quake to look on.

— William Shakespeare, Hamlet

Magic has long been a part of the English landscape, from the
ladies of Avalon to the Witch of the West Moorland. Nor have all
willworkers of legend been female; though some would dispute his
nationality, the English definitely place Merlin alongside the other
quintessential English heroes of legend.

Tradicions

The Traditions in England are far less formally onganized than
their American cousins. Though Ascension remains a concern of
many, the politics that so often accompany the war for the minds
and souls of humanity are largely absent from England. The
Technocracy are still considered the enemy, but individuals some-
times break the lines todiscuss philosophy, rugby or the latest James
Bond film with other minds that are their equals. The Awakened
form a class unto themselves in England, and in many cases mages
on both sides of the Ascension War view their opponents as the
loyal opposition. Of course, those who have fallen victim to the
occasional HIT Mark or Progenitor experiment with the water
supply feel otherwise, but for the most part the two sides each try
towork subtly. Even iftwo magesare on different sides of the battle,
that doesn't mean they can't act civil toward one another.

Vicki Chor

Essence:
Natur

Demeanor: Rebel
Traditi
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 2, Ma-
nipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abi Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Do 2, Instruction 3, Intuition 1,
Meditation 2, Melee 3, Stealth 2, Culture 3, Linguistics 3, Law 1

Questing
Visionary

Akashic Brotherhood

rounds: Allies 2, Avatar 2, Destiny 1, Influence 1

Correspondence 1, Mind 3, Prime 2

Willpower: 6
Quintessence: 5
Paradox:

Background: Growing up on the streets of London wasn'teasy
for the child of immigrant parents. But Chinatown wasa wonderful,
magical place all the same, and Vicki soon found out that there was
more to learn on the street than in the classroom, In an attempt to


curb her truancy, her parents enrolled her in martial arts classes after
school, and it was there that she found her true calling. She
Awakened one day as the result of prolonged fasting and holding
positions, as she felt a blast of energy and light fill her from within.

She has continued her studies since, and has recently become
an instructor in some of the lower-level classes. Vicki hopes to
bring the enlightenment that she has found to others like her,
Asian and European alike. She has recently discovered Kabuki
theater, and hopes to find a way to adapt what she has leaned to
this ancient art form.

Image: A petite girl in her late teens, Vicki usually dresses in
loose-fitting garments even when not practicing or teaching.
Outside the studio, she usually lets her long dark hair fall to her
waist, or holds it back with a silver headband.

Roleplaying Hints: You feel very strongly that Ascension is
ultimately a personal journey, and that the notion ofan Ascension
War isa contradiction in terms. Each person must find his own way,
and you hope to guide people to whichever path works for them.

Quote: Come with me and I will teach you the way to enlighten-
ment

CDicchell Savoy

Essence:

Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Director
Tradition: Cult of

stasy (Acharne)

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity mina 4, Charisma 4, Ma-
nipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Abilities: Awareness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3, Sedue-
itreetwise 4, Subterfuge 4, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2,
‘ch 1, Technology 1, Computer 1, Culture 3, Investigation 2,
Law 3, Linguistics 3 (French, Italian), Medicine 2, Occult 3
Background
Spheres: Entropy 1, Life 3, Spirit 2, Time 3

Sontacts 3, Influence 4, Resources 5

Arete: 6
Willpower: 8
Quintessene
Paradox: 3

Background: Few people would think that Mitchell Savoy
was anything more than what he first appears: a successful investor
and businessman who enjoys a bit of sherry after meals. And that
he is; his private worth has been estimated at over £17 million, and
his influence in the financial district is considerable. If few people
are aware that he is the owner of Guilty Pleasures in the suburbs of
London, it's just as well. Those who have not heard of it are
probably better off remaining ignorant
nglishmen have suffered
I. Words are

if there could be some danger in contamination

Ever since the reign of Victori
from a profound guilt surrounding all things
branded "dirty", a
from contact with them. Television programs occasionally show
partial nudity, butitis never discussed. Oscar Wilde and thousands
like him were jailed and exiled, simply for what they chose todo in
the privacy of their own homes.

Asayoung man, itoccurred to Mitchell Savoy thatone could
make a considerable living by catering to the dark desires of the
British upper class. His Awakening and initiation into the Cult of
Ecstasy only served to strengthen his resolve to bring the freedom
of sensation to the masses. But he soon learned that the masses
simply weren't ready for it. [twas then that he discovered a private
club known as Guilty Pleasures, a kind of private play party for the
elite established back in the late 1700s, Those who were running
itwereonly too happy tohand itover tosomeone whocould devote
his full attention and considerable personal resources, and so it was
that Savoy built the club into what it is today.

Image: An older, upper-class British-looking man with gray-
ing-brown hair and sharp hazel eyes, Mitchell is not your typical
Cultist. But despite his conservative appearance, the light in his
eyes betrays his ultimately wild spirit, His hands are incredibly
supple from years of conditioning with lotions and oils.


Roleplaying Notes: You know that everyone hassecrets, and
it's your mission to provide a place where there are no secrets, no
shame, no reason for people to be other than what they are. Of
course, if along the way you end up with some good blackmail
material, should problems arise, so much the better.

The Technocracy

They say Victoria loved her islands,
Well that's because she owned them all
A feather pen and an iron fist
Put a peoples' back against the wall
Andy M. Stewart, Take It to the People
Most Tradition mages think the

echnocracy has but a weak
hold over Britannia. English mystics aren't constantly under threat
of destruction by the legions of Iteration X or New World Order

assassins.

And that's just the way the Technocracy planned it

Subtlety is everything to English Technocrats. For if the
enemy doesn't perceive a threat, he will remain disunited and at
ease, failing to notice his opponents incremental increases in
power. The Technocracy's hold over England is only surpassed in
some respects by its control over Japan.

The modem English mind-set is one of order, propriety and
unfailing politeness. Compared to many other similar nations,
there is very little crime in Britain. Long-standing traditions and
rituals are observed on a regular basis, whether itis the changing of
the guard at Buckingham Palace or the daily break for tea still
observed in the northern counties. The trains run on time, the class
structure endures and millions sleep peacefully knowing that
Britannia rules. What many Tradition mages fail to realize is that
the Technocracy is about much more than gizmos and weapons
and biological warfare. They have their own vision of Utopia—an
ordered, peaceful world ruled by an intellectual aristocracy who
know what is best for the masses. Through their wisdom, the world
may yet achieve perfection. And if England has fewer gizmos and
techno toys (with the notable exception of Q Division) per capita
than many of her colonies across the sea, that doesn't mean the

Te

hnocracy has less control here.

Nephandi

Like the Technocracy, most Nephandi have learned that the
best way to survive in England is through subtlety. The Church of
England has Bible-thumpers just as enthusiastic (if not more so)
than their "saved" counterparts in America, and they are quick to
publicly condemn anything that smacks of sin or impropriety. But
in a society with so many rules, there are bound to be some who
transgress, and who are overcome with guilt as a result. The Fallen
Ones of England are drawn to these guilt-ridden souls, and to them
that they tum to find kindred spirits in darkness

Another benefit of such a regimented society is that people
are less likely to believe that those at the top are capable of
transgressions. Though the younger royals have gone a long way
toward shattering that myth, it still retains a lot of influence over
the collective subconscious, The burden of perfection weighs


heavily on those at the top of the social pyramid, and more than
one heir or monarch in years past has fallen under the spell of these
dark mages.

TheDrodigal

Just as Britain has drawn Dreamers for centuries, so has it
drawn the supernat
have lived in relative peace, with only the occasional skirmish
between Garou and Kindred. Noted alliances include the Gangrel
clan and many of the w ‘olves in Yorkshire, as well as the
Glastonbury Compact, which included werewolves as well as
mages and fae.

Vampires

The Kindred of England are dominated (nopun intended) by
the Ventrue, ashas been the case for centuries. Ithas even been said

Since the Renaissance, mystical groups

that King Albion and Mithras met every other week to play chess
more than a century ago. Few Tremere dare visit London or
Glastonbury, though it is said a few have taken up residence in
Sheffield and Manchester. The others are found in varying num-
bers throughout the country, with Toreador prevailingin the south
and Gangrel controlling much of Yorkshire. A small coterie of
Giovanni in the Docklands area of London is supposedly the final
outpost of the lost Cappadocian clan, though no one seems to
know for certain.

(Uerewolves

The Brotherhood of Herne is strong throughout England, as
are other groups of Fianna cut off from Ireland by politics, both
mortal and Garou. Other septs can be found near Bodman Moor
and near Hadrian's Wall, as well as a sept of Children of Gaia
known to exist outside Brighton.

As for other Changing Breeds, they are few in England. One
of the ravens at the Tower is said to be a Corax, and a pair of
hengeyokai have been seen about London's Chinatown. Their fae
cousins, the sell n off the Comwall coast,
though most of the seal-folk congregate in Ireland and Scotland.

are occasionally s

Raichs

The spirits of the dead seem to have a special connection to
the land of Britain, perhaps owing tothe fact thateven today, many
people remember and revere them. For the Restless Dead, the
amount of memorium generated when the local "Ghost Walk"
chooses to visit your Haunt can be considerable.

The Hierarchy dominates England, and in fact many British
gaunts have gone on to hold prominent positions both in Europe
and the New World's Shadowlands. Perhaps the fact that so many
English wraiths are members of the Hierarchy could also relate to
the number of wraiths who still retain their fetters here; after
becoming ensnared in the politics of the dead, few seek to resolve
their Passions or pursue Transcendence.

CDummies

Dr. Gregory Wildham, an Egyptologist at the British Mu-
seum, is one of the only Ancient Ones known to exist in England,
although many others may exist in secret. Dr. Wildham is an
affable older gentleman, who seems to be on good terms with
vampires, mages and even the odd changeling. He acts as some-
thing of a favorite uncle to many of the supematurals and mortal

graduate students in the area, calmly dispensing advice on subjects
ranging from love to the best way to kill a Black Spiral Dance to
what Mithras was like as a neonate.

[omori

A few of these foul creatures have been sighted in E
mainly in what the Kithain refer to as the Kingdom of Smoke, in
the Midlands. Others have spoken of hideous misshapen beasts
roaming the moors in Yorkshire and on the heath in Cornwall. At
first thought to be really ugly nockers, redcaps or rogue chimera, a
cabal of mages found that the creatures sighted south of Newcastle
were indeed formori, and rallied Garou and mages (as well as more
than a few nockers and redcaps bent on vengeance) from the
surrounding area to rout the fiend:



So oft as I with state of present time,

The image of the antique world compare

When as mans age was in his freshest prime

And the first blossome of faire vertue bare

Such oddes I finde twixt those, and these which are

As that, through long continuance of his course,

Me seemes the world is runne quite out of square

From the first point of his appointed sourse,

And being once amisse growes daily wourse and wourse

— Spenser, "The Fairie Queene"

Oay Twio

—lain (Paz) McCallum (Se
hold), Scotland and How It Got
Oh. Right, right. Yea, I know I'm up, am justa bit headachey,

nocker, Duthie Park Free-
rhat Way (extracts)

right? What? What are you prattling on about so loud, and me with
King Niall's own hangover? Nosmoking? You mean I'm to yammer
on for an hour with not a single smoke? By God! I say it again: By
God! Shove off, why don't you, I wouldnae want to accidentally
drive my fistinto your gob. And you, de:
nocker and bring me a flask of Glenlivet from the back, will you?
There's a love.

ave pity onapoordying

Hullo. lain McCallum's the name, but my pals call me Paz. 1
see nothing of said pals in this audience at this ungodly hour of the
morning. Nodoubt they're off sensibly sacked out aftera prolonged
gad about the town last night. And me, me, having drunk ‘em all
under a series of tables, is the one who gets rousted at dawn to talk

up the history of Scotland and show off my head, which as you can
see is a bit larger than this whole room, or anyway feels quite like
it. But enough about me.

To start with, if you'd understand Scotland — or Caledonia,
as the Kithain call it — you must know right off that it is the
homeland of the Scots, an independent people, currently con-
quered and occupied by acriminal foreign power: England. Youcan
take your "United Kingdom" and stick it up your arse, for mortals
and fae mean to run our country for ourselves, have done in the
past, and will again in the near future, God and King Niall and the
sot-headed Scottish leadership willing.

Some fellowsaid there wassome professor whomeant toshow
slides when I talked, or timelines — that sort of thing. But dinna
Not so loud, my head is bursting. Oh, you're

see a screen, so— Eh?

the professor, you say? Well, pal, you've mucked up, haven't you,
Jesus Christ! By G
bringing this thing out of nowhere? By God, like to soil my trousers,

what with noscreev- 1! What, isit yourdoing,

I was so startled. Oh my head.

Chapcer [our: Fiscory of Scotland

>)


The Roman Occupacion
A.D.
78.84
120 Roman Emperor Hadrian builds wall on Scottish

border.

Agricola advances into Scotland, then retreats.

Well, I guess we have a screen...as you might call it. Ahh,
here's my salvation, thank you, love. Ahhh. Let me urge on all of
you the finest product in the history of civilization, and a hundred.
percent Scottish from the year nought: whiskey! All right then, I
am fortified and can now go on. Show your first slide, eh?

Everybody knows that Hadrian built that wall to keep the
Picts out, Picts being the mortal folk who lived here before the
Scots dropped in. But only the fae know this: that the wall also
keeps some others not out, but down.

It happened that the Romans trotting up from Europe at-
tracted the attention of a few Mediterranean fair folk who called
themselves Pyrics. We dinna know a jot about the Pyrics; they were
North African, I heard, or Sardinian as may be. Like wilder eshu,

but violent — not to take away from our own redcaps, glad to see
you all — much given to shifting lights, St. Elmo's Fire, and
lightningbolts. They were a curious lot, too, following the Romans
(infested some of their boats, | hear) to get a taste of Caledonian
Glamour. Nor were they keen on loyalty, as they soon took to

blowing up Picts and Romans with cheery abandon.

Isle of che CDighzy

So Hadrian, I suppose, says to his magicians, "Take care of this
think, think —and finally they
say, "We shall join the land with the sea, and trap these fae between

little thing." Magicians set to work

them." It happens that joining land to sea, in case you've a mind to
try, is done by building this long wall from ocean to ocean. Hadrian
says, "Right, goto it, and keep the Picts out while you're about it," and
everyone pitches in with a will. The magicians call on the local sidhe
and gollachs (satyrs) to help lure the Pyrics to the wall. Pyrics trot up,
magicians bind them and bury them and seal the pits with cold iron.
Hadrian piles the wall on top. End of problem

The wall is there yet, and tourists must keep the Banality level
quite lethal. Butifanyone ever lets loose the Pyrics,  wouldna want
tothink what mighthappen. Next slide, and how about a bit more
of this choice malt?

The Scots must have driven out or slaughtered all the Picts.
But among the fair folk, matters went somewhat differently

The original fae of Pictish times in these lands were the Blue
People — don't know their name in their own tongue, not that it
matters a whit now. We called them Blue for the way their hair and
skin changed color each night. The "we," in this case, means the
sidhe leaders of the 13 fae Houses, who came to Caledonia with the
Scots mortal tribes. These 13 leaders, called the Wise Council
probably called themselves that, being smug sidhe bastards — the
Wise Council wanted to take up life here without bloodshed. But the
Blue People were rude folk, very hard bitten, and wanted nothing of
the invaders. It looked like bloody war.

But then some clever thinker whose name is lost to history,
and who therefore must have been a nocker, said, "What say we


pupj209g Jo fuoasy aino-{ x2dpy5

4209 [2 208 aey atp pur sodew ap yBnoyp ang "Aes wySrur nos se
‘raupoue auo porentut jo 10s oxu aup pur ‘syed se ur yf} AOL
"ra19801 10 198
Jeow pue zayo0u atp pue ‘Jorsid zasey e yim spreaseg ap dn smojq,
‘say sia uRIoEW ay a yMUEDYY "Jay Jaye 298 yuIG Ul UDYy
atp pue 41 sopuewsip pue uondenuos ayp re prey sazens Jo 110s
‘aaao sdod ays ‘Kem sayptg "auryseU aup 1240 Yoo] 02 paysta isn
ays ‘2H axou 4G) "eay §194790U ayp paysnor suIEaIDs §,pos 100d
tp pur ‘pury aeyp joreyarautos.o syeqa4a arp ano paddod nt ‘ao1aap
aimuion e Sursn arm Ay] ‘eoUDUTY Woy J9A0 SuNISIA Yay Jo
suog ayp paleo are yey jo UeIDIeU e Or sBurp peq SuIop xeIg
UL ayy pare aze YeYM Jo autos punoy ays axayp ‘emdue ‘Og
"J]1 ued NOA se ‘Aros stp UO angea aIq B We — Ays zeay eUUIP
| —200p & ysnonp ayouq pur auaUIaseq e OU! UMOp payquMs
alg "Ue pure SOs Jo Ino |e IAM aYs TEMP [eALAAL YDO1-4]0} &BuLNp
ysty os quam Jana] Aaypeueg ayp ang ‘azayp quaK ayg "YsNquIPY
ur qnjoiysiu ee — preay saaau | ‘puny ey pue ‘oys Woy — Ax
-urypeu Suneurosey pue aduens Jo own preay 494790U sttp
stead QZ Og ‘oYM MOUY EUUIP | INg ‘em epeLTEC] UMOP ‘49x20U
& Aq anoge aues own axp jo Sunaour ayp eyp aut jar Ady
{Burkes wi] aeYM aag "paztuesio
9q 01 Way MaUy JAI aM Ing "AEM UdapIAqy dn Yypns AuEUE
are arayp wey ou — rerpHUEy We B EPA WEUL PIO Suyqqoy 10 you
Jeuorseoo0 aup Jo moUy am "UvaLL | ‘|]>,A\ 2% sit Sunsaio1d
UL ang ‘puepoog jo Suyp ua29p pue pod u2A2 SuyPUEWISIp UI
Jou pasazaqut ajdoad ‘Asex20uypa J ayp UeYp saBew jo spury 19420
24am arayp aeyp pourea] — Ajjeuosiad | wey ‘moydue s0— eqiy Jo
WOpSury ayp UF yJoJ am et SIeDA QZ 40 Cased stUpp ApUO sea IT
"erUOpaye Ut iq Ata ay hay ‘Ades.0UYDa J aU PayyeD
are 1eYM sadew Jo 0] 2eUp INOge ‘uo uk UO "NOD UT aUOAIaAa
01 yea spreq sty sey [EIN Bury yo sey ay ano adiai on Burn
saunquad Atay se] Atp1 Jo 29] B axINb quads Aawp asnesaq spueyysipY
ap Ur soBewi jo sBulop axp jo 1eYMaUos MoUY o1 uaddey J "esI9A
ad14 ose pue ‘sueIo1seu INoge yJoy A1ej at Year pfnoys saypasor
208 apn stup shes ‘pudgy Apey] Gsofoyy 29} 31 YALA Uo 298 ]],]
‘Suraduryansnod dors ‘yas "ya "surg AaysTyMaUYst IE "YO

80071 94 yBnomp suse] o}Sas ax anoysnonp
Burpnay ‘sinswoYyD e99] Jo Ypem ox SuPjoaut
‘BUuIpNg Ul sso19 UApoOM Wing suBUTEYs 2AEN ooh
"soypinyp ysyyqeaso 01 ui9q pue puepoog 191U9
(s1998 snoues) snuoy> Jense|a_) Jo stauuMIaI04

"Urey Woy AveAPYT!N SUELOY OIF
‘way Yai asendue] o19e5 SusuLg
(puLjay] Woy ALLE saquy (.,1109G,,) }09G 00h
"purysug
02UI spred Jap1og ONPUOD sINIg Pue 109g
"Hea seupeH
ypene puepoog woyou wos saqua Ysnotg 902
"aatsnjouosUt gyNsax ‘pareindodap
opts (pog ‘suewreys 2hJ9p apveq suEUIEYS YSHOIG +0ST
aNUOY YzwU OF TEM QuTUOIU
Pling ‘pueporg wioynos Adnoo0 suewOY

s2a1({oy2jJoouny 24].

69-0S€

€1-OFL

ANON "YY "WUTUNUYos ‘ysvor SIE
{pum arezouraunuos | yoryar ‘shep A10pB axp azam asoup YY
"sazej 9SIOM Atay are a19y ‘UE
aaatjaq pur ‘Yao Suny |ns|peare Aaup Aep step or asaya ‘Avaony UE
dn papua Aatp preay | ase] "vag HON atp 1990 asea Buoy warp
12s Pue S1k0g Jo EI]HOY ¥ O1UO sanig ayp BuIfaaoys or sdoon soyp
as Aayp pue ‘snowOIDIA siodg ap '49A0 Isa1UOD at pasuNoUOId
PUNO ast) aL "spur s1oUp Jo ano pazayDous Je a19m a[doag
anyg au jo Atuze pod ayp ‘290 194 AyTeUY soupAg Way Og
"ypeat yoo Aue Auraua ayp os
pue ‘aas nos op ‘aunuruut sdoon umo s1ayp apetu pey j!ouNoD ast
Up ang "peaw ay yURIp oYM s19tPO a~p O2 pearsut pajauuNy 103
‘jeads 01 0s ‘parejnunooe snduyy aeyp ssauuayurup ayp [pe wLp os
Walp pur snduyy yiog parueysua pey ay —11 passang nod ‘ade
— 10) ‘warp auop pey wig Sury weep aves Aatp Uay_L "T]e pue auo
‘passid Aypedos 1ysuu azm Aatp paztyeas Aaup ase] ae pure eyAautos
‘s1408 Jono uatp pur ‘JeLsof qe uatp pue ‘paysnyaiqe [ajo 9ue
ajdoag anjg ayp |]e ‘uo 1am ysoquOD ap sy "TEU A]UO I0N|
-ayfuus 31q & ya1M UMOp 11 BuLNod aday ay ang ‘Axzaq9s008
v ayy dn Surjoms sem oy — snBuy ang ‘Supasses sem soypsg
‘yuiom sajn0q uazop aye 1ayy "doxp 10} doup ‘}jon ayp yr dnaday,
ueSs0g atp ‘ysnon v ae sBid ay] WHE ssaTWonog ay) Woy pars
Aayp sy jstapuom jo sapuom pur ‘snSuy uesoq ayp pue soypig
JJon ayp 4101 1uaK suorduey> oan aang ‘paysney jje Aatp pu ‘Ino
ayppem snduy mes ajdoag anjg ysnor ‘ysnos ayp [Ie Og oon ‘auTEU
s,ueS80q siip sem aetp ‘suaddey mse ‘Ay yy psnduyy ;aueULnos sreya
‘you puooas atp ut SurpHy> axp ‘Nos "]}am—Joauueu ‘uEBFog aay] e
sa pue —sioog atp jo uorduey> Suryuup arp sautoo no way |,
parsayp ajdoag anjg ayp Je pue {yo Moys 01 asnf oma 0
ren & 39eq paxD0Uy pur puey BuO UI WF] ssafWOnog amnua ay
dn Yoo aj] "weuls se yey pue asioy e se Btq ‘soya jo aweU Ton
Ayqqouy ‘pouurys-arem ‘passay-Apueg ‘o8ny ev asauos SupjuUp
ayp 20) uordureyp s1atp Yuoy panon ajdoag anjg ayp uy],
paapur 9aMs sea WIA] ssaTWONOY ayp Woy peau
axp pur ‘001 Sfueap ajdoag anig ayp og -daap yueup pue Japu0 ut
dn payprew apis s109g ayp uo zaIpjos yaa se payjn] a19m suo!oIdsns
sajdoag anjg ayp ang ‘puoy ayjaasup) ue Aq parayo yUUp B Yoo
AypeyS ‘shep asoyp ut uaaa ‘Apogou Aesazep | ]>,4Q\ ,dryspuouy pur
J0UOY Jo.seo} v YULUp sapIs Yrog Uo ]]eI91, ‘pres WAI puyy "peau
2 TIE? [Ld JO Jo WP] ssajwonog e yoy YZNoxg NOD araasUE)
up Jo WUIY Bury — azay aso]9 aun Ao]]o} — asa ayp a10}9q
ing "Pjay ap punowe poraypes pue suordureyp stay asoyp saruue
ayp ‘saypiew Apea asayp Woy parsaogar auo{uaAa Jaye ‘og
-Jaysoue auO YULPINO oF
pala siapjos asoyp se ‘Avs Aew nod se ‘sinog Surdytyenb Aeurunyjaad
up Jo Yury 02 ay] | "siaaqUN]OA Jo aSeOYs ou 108 Ady ‘ouL IsNAD
pur ysoqu02 Supquup ayp yim peaye wan Aayp og ‘pauueyd p,dayp
se za1ysneys at yim peaye o8 sKemye pjnoo pu Auue ue pey [Ns
Aayp {948 Iso] Aaup Jt ey 1 YOO osye apis Yea sdeysog >YJO} IE
dn Zumino jo wap! ayp ueyp zanaq sapis yiog 01 payeadde sty f
«cPIPY atp soyen 299} sat Uo apis ase] Up pu (UOLp >9eq
Suyjddn 20} pey Aayp s9Aaxeya Jo ‘peau 10) Aaysiy SurfuUp weds
‘umop 19s Aa "a]doad su j]e Suowe 19yUUp aso8Fiq ayp ‘uordureys
U0 YUO} spuas pue Pjayapreq ay Ie sIoyres Awe Yydeq j3s91U09

Surjuup atu e aaey pearsut ing ‘wWopuer 1 sarysne|s 3,u0p


Tralee

The Vikings

Unseelie Lord Coruisk sails from Eire to establish the
Kingdom of Shadows on the Isle of Skye. An ancient
faerie, he rules for more than a millennium.

First Viking raids.

Picts and Scots unite under Kenneth McAlpin.
Order of Hermes establishes covenants throughout
Scotland, particularly on the Highland moors. Allof
these except Michael Scot's (founded 1238) are
subsequently destroyed or moved to Horizon Realms.

together in Dalriada and the Lowlands, up in the Highlands we fae
were a bit longer in getting to know them. Typical. But I have got
awee bit ahead of meself, so just another swallowandon tothenext
slide, thanks.

Arr, it's to be the Questing Beast today, is it? Let the record
show a heavy groan, and not from me hangover either. Dina think
that I disbelieve in the Questing Beast, nor think it nonsense to go
look for it. Only, look what happens to the folk that search for it, eh?

What I know is, the Questing Beast is a huge deer, or dragon
orbear—not that we've had bears in Caledonia these 10 centuries
gone or more, never mind your dragons! It shows up in a dream, or
a vision, or like that, to some poor sod who has a big unanswered
question, like: How shall I live? Shall I give my good friend Paz a
fortune in Dross? Said sod sees this Beast and somehow understands

it can answer the question, if only he catches it

The Ocfeac of che Vikings

878 King Alfred defeats Vikings, but allows them to
settle eastern England.

879+ Germanicproto-Verbenaand early Hermeticssettle
in the islands throughout the Dark Ages.

950 Sightings of Questing Beast in Cairngorms.

So off he goes after the Beast. He always finds it somewhere
quick and sets after it, butit'salwaysa bit ahead of him, and he must
grow ever more committed, and clever, and devious. Somewhere
along the line the Beast
trouble. And in the cri
Changed, like
understanding not only works him out of the trouble but also

ads him into some complete hellhole of
he finds he's a different bloke, see?
And the Beast is long gone, but the bloke's new

answers his question.
That's the reality of it. Now, versions abound, so dinna be
telling me that the Questing Beast is just the

hart from

Arthurian legend which Pellinore and Palamede sought. That hart
was one, what you might say, manifestation. Its belly rumbled with
the sound of 30 questing hounds — like mine after drinking that
warm piss the English call draft bitter, not that I touch it unless
forced

Be thatas it might, in both legend and reality, this Beast can
do most anything to elude its hunter: It can heal itself of mortal
wound and poisons; it can outrun all but faerie steeds; itcan even

duplicate itself. In that poem —eh, what was its name? Long title


pupj209g Jo fraoasiy ~ano-| ¥22dvy

Aur on peaye Studumnf wy "y20—anrun jjeys ae} atp pur Yo aroys
1 yst3ug ayp |]>2 [la speusoU! axp ‘MoU UoOs ‘sn 0 39eq SOUIOD
auoig ayp usta ang "sBop Jo yped v ayy] sieonp s,joyoUe DUO Ie
Suyjqqesos swopSury aej ayp ya] pur ‘02g eo ITE 1940 401214
paures puejsuq 91 Suypeais uy "eruopayed jo amnsean asayeass
yp st BUOdg Jo aUOIg > :sIYB MOUY | Ng "IeYA UO Jea]OUN 31g
39m 8 We Sfurtp | ‘91 Woy 2o10} [eD1SeUI Jo puny autos paddes Aap
MoYautog ‘aU TYP [Je BUC aX Jo Ploy aday ‘snu04D JeNsa,a—
ayp yea Aayp yey ‘suommpery asoyp jo auo aeyp reay |
‘poumosd uaaq sey purysug jo
ypreuowr peuow Asana ‘aug IU 2Aoge ‘SUOMI Tey UO PUY "It
uodn auonp Sig e Yin ‘uopuOT UT Aaqqyy JarsuTUNsa jy UI parsa1
sey BUOIS ay saLMUID UAAaS Ise] DY? JOY [YASH aAKy s,puE|sUg
se poulfop aAey souNo} spueporg aw IY woy ‘spudu4
"ynos em sty Uo auoag ayp dn papers ‘uorseaut poyoaordun
pue snoisyoean e ut pueposg aounon o7 pare) Suraey ‘aut
ystjsuq sty jo preaseg asiy ‘prempg Bury jeuow ayy usy
-ysyjug pouwrep
ayp 10U Aqjetoadsa pur ‘9991 UI Jey ay WeNIAA I0U ‘sUEWOY
ayp ou :sn paranbuos Aue ou sayMqUaD asoyp [|e Ul "Spur; Mo]
ay UF Yag Jo Yuou yyeM sznoy ue jpey Aaqge Ue UT ‘sUOIg
Jo auoig ayp dow paumors aram sfury sno ‘sroquiauiay pueporg
Uy suodus se x5eq 38; $8 Waly "uorsseuddo pus asenbuOD Woy
304 uBi91 Aewl ‘Aes Aatp ‘suoag ayp uodn UMoID atp Sayer YoIeUOUL
spADTEY,A\ :9UOIg TeEP UOdN INOUTE]S JRFaMOd B
AQaa seIpeouy woy 31 paared auoawos (prvay J) aye ‘puEp>r]

YL 209889
‘wou off s1wa4 Aueul os 1949 puEPIODg 02 IYFNOIg ‘9UOIS Pardes v st
1 ang "y0r ky Bq v asnf — Aypeas "Ie Yoo] or YnUL aeU St a]
jetuopayen jo adoy mau pue uoneuIN
pue A10f8 Apea aup ype sory ‘aur ysew ‘suorg aetp UT ax] "9UO
sty 20} Bune seas | por Ag jauOIg Jo aUOIG aU ‘IYSU ‘Ay
jyp ‘mou Aq Auuseg-yfey 20U s,ays ‘sreak puesnoYp e 404 JIsNUL aI]
01 Suruaisty uaaq says Jt aeEp UTED P,] ‘YX "LJ NOA se IeUp aye |
"agi 294, ur padeyd enunayy pres Aap aeyp 2Isnuu ‘purm ayp UO Ut
{yup o1snur aan] jrytaneaq kay Nos ‘wayp 29s NO Udy pu ‘9]1990Y
Jou ySnowp ‘aSueNs 198 Aatp pue IYystU JoURUNS e Jo LOOUL |]Ny ay,
spun uses sjeumTUe [ryrnvag Jo sauIONS 1eaY MOA IeEp adaoxq "9dUIS
uuaas uaaq eusey ays puy ,uLeN Jaddns aw daay ‘ysey e Ul x>eq
‘yo we ‘pue] axp jo aunids penuasso aup punoy aa,],, ‘ples uayp pue
saumquad maj e sojadoung punore paBunoy enuUayy ‘MoyAUy
"aU |]91 S¥JO} OS 40 ‘UMN w 2e sHeDA 10} YstUEA Pue punore
aaout Aayp f9pf>y axe suoog ayp ang "uaAd plaeg Bury YBIY 40
‘J1eIN Bury 40 ‘asaup Jo auo sea 309g JaeYDTPY MOY INOge spuada}
pa[ppe parpuny e zeay no, ysis puosas axp aaey ast Py ay
at) — asue aysnw asindun styp Aya pueasiapun ued No' "ayy
ap J9A0 AO] ANOK YALA SUPYpEM INO 39H nos J! Pue — axayp pyrYD
8 paataouos aydno9 v Jt eu yor 10 aan v aq PjNom at aqdeyy "2ey
ayp aas 01 ayqe auios9q 1ystUU ay Bt o1UO paddays jenOW e #1 ‘aay
punoas jo yoied jryneaq auzos aq pjnom uoog ayp aqheyy,
-watp aas uaaa saumaUtos ‘9e} atp puesiApUN sjexow djay
pinosaetp Sunypauros sem wo09g sty J "too & payed aysaeys puryaq,
yp] ays , auIds FeRUASsA,, JeU PUNO} ays JaAArayA pu ‘SLIOPSUPY
ae} ay Jo wou! pausta ayg ,;pue] exp jo rds penuassa xp,
Suryaas ‘adomng jo sow pue urequg UoRUaUT o2 10U ‘spuETYatE] ay
2940 J] parapue etuUayy ‘Ainquad yaYsie axp punose ypeg.

*(spue|mo7 ap pur spuey yar atp Jo r9piog ayp 38)
sypessoa | 9yp jo spjim au ut daap ‘oureu sues at jo
SenOH] euLsap] Jo JopUno} "AUTEN SBUNYAIS,
‘paumor ApueuoN jo wer‘ ‘sBunse}] Joopeg,

"pueiaug tpi suyBaq roryuoo Buse]
-Buo] wop8ury ys0og 4p jo4ed aut0D9q UCI

Axjusumny wo weaxar same 28) Kp
§puepoog anoysnonp pal]ry saBeu supayq] ano}

sBulrsn(| Joaj229q 9y |.

"kes Aaup 0s ‘peay-aneds e Jo 11q
bang ‘astm-yorsew ‘Anpenb dor sem enruayy Ayyersadso
pur ‘ureig Joao ]]e oypis aya UIA asoy
styp sear ayg "azay dn aay jo preay [pe 94,am "yas "enULAYY
pxeN "Bun
yp Yam yonn ou quem | Aya st aetp pur ‘Mem aures aup s} aseag
Sunsangy ay "ysne] e jo yonur 20U st ,‘Buryaag,, [Jeo Aayp Jey

‘Geeayy ayp Jaye Surseyp ‘aut jaa yoy aBeur asaup se avy os ng
"yBnoua jam gol aup [Tyo stiaas aseag Surasang) stp ang Jo MOU |
IUD "UIEYATY ayp Suowe seqweay wp ay! Suryrou aavy af "aw
(0) atu toy) asey> AuZaU B Uo sau peal or swwAas.I INg 'S}ITIeYA
au se EUUTp "Y>Iy — MAY UE Inoge yYeI Aayp UTESe puE MOU
ing ‘saew AuewL MoUy | Avs 3,UOp J ‘Sy]oJ awHOS Jo IDadse saysIY
‘Avs 01 os ‘st aseag Sunsangy ay] :Avs | IYA §,919}] {Pos ayp as0049
11 S90p Moy pur ‘dn Moys a1 sop AYA, fdmaas sy Woy Suds
aseag stp st ey ‘st yse [ TeYM aNg_,Aepatos aseag ayp 99s | doy

"yoo 'yoo,, ‘Aes oym agj jo saquinu Aue mouy J ;Aoy ‘wap! aN,
-a10jaq] anoge ay0ds | suonreztjear asoup Jo auo sey sapaurE]eg
pue {wry oun Suypsou tpoutos, aseag aya aioym ojauTED,
(01 pareajap suumas Ajpeuy sapaumeyeg a10jaq stp [py "Yad 104 seag,
B Samp ‘MON "AYSIUY JoypO JeIAAaS Pay]PY Pue JjaswTy papunom
sey ang ‘aseag ay? 2 Aun{ur ou auop sey sapaureyeg ‘Aep atp jo pua
ayp Ag "uuoy auo 01 sums aseag BuruUNd ayy "Iseag pareat{dnp

stp quny 02 siysiuy jo Auue ue dn srayres sopaueyeg ‘99g

umd ayp [Jo 4200 Sunsanb-y

asayn fo suuvms poucu y

sas sounm payffog ay up)

"upp sands pun ‘siyds pup ‘y0ys 2.1

sunys IY ‘Isvaq Jo4vaU ay) O1U/)

suns Kanf ut apauunprg 415

‘oma o1ut uappns uy yronnds

‘adoys psy sty qo ys2aqossiq]

‘advasa ou sadoy asvag ay) 3Dy2 Yat,

ySnonp aoyout sty fo wry uns 0]

avads sty dn yranfiy ‘Cuwnb ayy

vou Sumvap apy ut wy og
:(soundys yeads ow Sunjyeur
Aaystyas atp aq asnur a1 pue) skes a1 uayp Usvag ayy SunUNy pue
paais azar} e jjasumy Sunias sapauejeg anoqe uo sqes ay "yons
aWIOS JO Aska BuNsanZ) ayp jo BuMo][oy si} Jo pue IYysUy,
uaseieg ayp sapaurejeg 11g poop jo Arorsiy ySty ayy, —


Scoccish Revolc

Hermeticmage Michael Scot founds the oldestchantry
still extant in Scotland, located in Edinburgh.
Edward | invades Scotland, but William Wallace and
the French defeat him; Edward I steals the Stone of
Scone (Stone of Destiny) and takes it to Westminster
Abbey. Tuath Glas Cu, "dear green place," the an-
cient magickal pool beneath Stirling Castle, dries up.
William Wallace defeats English at Stirling Bridge.

rousing finish. Bring me another wee flask of this most excellent
whiskey, dear, and let's have the next slide.

With the Shattering, and the Black Death to boot, the old
ways took a hard blow. Perhaps just as well. The sidhe, bless their

arses, picked up their skirts and fled for th
never mind thatlord and vassal, I'll-protect-ye-and-ye-support-me
crap. The gates snapped shut behind ‘em, leaving the rest of us high
and dry.

cadian hills —

Speaking of which, hand me a wee dram of that lovely
Macallan, lad. Ahhh. There's a fine young lad'll lead a kingdom
someday.

And us nockers, boggans, gollachs and whatnot were left in
the lurch.

Way I see it, there's always someone headstrong and clever
enough to become a laird, and barmy enough to want to. And,
believe me, there were plenty of those wandering about in the
Interregnum. Little lairds — mostly nockers and gollachs, some
trollfolk — filled the abandoned raths and duns with friends and
a few family, and these became the clans. When they found that
fae children were no longer being born to their women, the clanns
of necessity started a new naming scheme based on localities. Thus,
you have Clann Cairngorm and Clann Tay, but the fae Clann
Douglass died out long ago.

Now, it took us some time to climb out of the pit, but we did
itbecause—all togethernow—"S
dent people." While the English t
eating oats and killing babies, they were busy murdering them-

ots are a resourceful, indepen-
tards were mocking us about

selves. Meantime, we were up here forming clans, then tuaths,
whipping their skinny, oat-lacking arses out of Caledonia under
Robert the Bruce and other fine Scottish leaders. Would the
English have the bollocks to dismantle an entire castle so it
wouldn't fall into enemy hands?No! Only the Scots! I give you the
Scots! Drink up!

Scoczish |-Reedom

B14 Led by Robert the Bruce, Scots defeat English at
the Battle of Bannockburn.

1348 ‘The Shattering. The Black Death. Noble fae flee
to Arcadia, others find refuge. Gates to Arcadia
are closed. Many trods fade.

Interregnum. Burgess clanns flourish.

Isle of che CDighzy

Iways took to change better than the Seelie,
then as now. A very few months after the Shattering, the Unseelie
of the Hebrides and westem Highlands formed the Tuath of
Shadows. ‘Twas an unruly place — still i, for all that — and dark
and scary to mortals.

Worst of ‘em was the Unseelie troll Lord Coruisk, who ran the
Shadow Court on Sk
Spoke only in a whisper and had nae more instinct for making
friends than a badger. One day, he and Chief MacLeod, of the
mortal Clan MacLeod, happened to be hunting the same white
faerie boar in the forest near Dunvegan Castle. They see each other,
and Coruisk halts his stallion near a fork of the Bum Lochalsh.

—amean bugger, if ever I heard tell a one.

Coruisk is upset that MacLeod's hounds have taken down the boar,
so he offers the mortal a flag known as the Braolauch shi, the Faerie
Flag, in return for the boar and one year's service to the Shadow
Court on Skye. The silken Fairie Flag, as you may have heard, can
do lots of things, and that includes protecting the host that carries
it. From the looks of it, some of you wouldna have minded having
it during The ‘69 — the War of Ivy, you Brits call it

Now, say you're a mortal, and a shadowy faerie lord offers you
aflask of Talisker or some such. Whatdo youdo? You take it, because
you dinna know what he'll do if you refuse. So Chief MacLeod takes
the Braolauch shi, agrees to the year of service, and arranges to meet
Conuisk beside the fork of that bum at dusk. Beingan honorable man
— though somewhat dimwitted, if yeh ask me — he hangs the
Braolauch shi at Dunvegan Castle, tells his loved ones he'll be off for
a year, and disappears into the forest. Mark me now: That year was
1350.

1350 went by, and 1351, and—well, not to yammeron about
it, none of his friends nor family heard of him ever again, so they
chose a new chief and enjoyed the protection of the Flag. Here |
leave off talking of Chief MacLeod, but not for long.

Now, in the Middle Ages (as now), the Highland Seelie
dinna abide fae who kidnapped bairns — infants, that is. They
wanted to cover their arses, for the last time an Unseelie stole a
bairn, the mortals of Dunkeld torched the nearby faerie forest in
retaliation. Kidnapping was asore issue between the Seelie and the

The Incerregnum

Unseelie Lord Coruisk offers the Faerie Flag.
MacLeod takes the Flag and disappears onto the
Isle of Skye.

England's King Albion dispatches Queen Mope of
the Kingdom of Three Hills with her own hair.
James IV of Scotland marries Margaret Tudor of
England; her brother, Henry VIII, asserts rights
over Scotland when crowned, but James IV rebels.

1513 English defeat Scots at Flodden Field, where James
IV is killed. Scottish fae and mages join fight for
independence.

1514 The Troth of Argyll, akin to The Concord in
America. Troth still upheld, but more uneasily
than elsewhere.

1542-67 Mary, Queen of Scots, rules Scotland.


Shadow Folk, and often the excuse we used to pick fights. Another
flask, if you would, my dear! My head is starting to heal a bit —
dinna wane that

Well, you get Seelie and Unseelie clanns disagreeing over
something, and soon you have feuds. And stubbom folk as we are,
the feuds went on for centuries, long after the English fae had come
to terms. Understand, the Shattering hit not so hard up here; we

picked up the pieces and soldiered on, whereas plague, madness and

beasties, or chimera as you English call them, devastated the fae
down below the Wall. There, the Courts of Shadow and Light
needed each other's support, so they called for The Alliance. Not so
in Scotland. We didna reach accord until 1514, with the Troth of
Argyll! And even then, peace came only when the English problem
spread north into Caledonia

The problem was, the Scottish mortal James IV had married
Margaret Tudor, daughterof Henry VII. The fae up here went quite
frothing mad against the idea, because they understood politics;
they knew the marriage meant the eventual union of both king-
doms. But ithappened. Then after the fat wretch Henry VIII took
the throne, James rebelled —too late, of course. He always seemed
one step behind; perhaps it was the inbreeding.

The Scots were weak when the battle for independence came
at Flodden Field in 1513. And don't forget they lacked the Stone
of Scone. Sothe good Scots army lostand James was killed. Banality
began creeping into Scotland, not so fast as later, in the Industrial
Revolution, but stealthy, the way lard firms up in a cooler

And though Mary —so-called Queen of Scots because she was
granddaughter of the fool James IV — ruled mortal Scotland until
1567, she was no relief. Her Catholics wanted to sweep out the
house, as it were, while her cousin Elizabeth I, along with a fire-and-
brimstone preacher name of John Knox, were drumming up support
for Protestantism. Neither side could afford room for the old ways.
Those were bad times for the fair folk. So we got the Troth of Argyll

a concord of mutual aid between the Caledonian Seelie and
Unseelie, foisted upon us by persecution and Banality. No one has
broken the Troth, but nae many like it to this day

Enter Elizabeth I. Both she and her cousin were absolutely the
worst sort. Say all you want about glorious Elizabeth Regina, and
Shakespeare, and "this sceptred isle" and all that, but Elizabeth was
what you may call the alpha-male. After she defeated Mary Queen
of Scots, at Langside, Elizabeth imprisoned her —her own cousin,
mind — for 20 years, then executed her for treason. That's cold.

Two years later, the real history begins.

All this time, the Caledonian fae were busy forming clanns
and troths, each with the other, all throughout Caledonia, nae just
in the Highlands. Now, when a clan reaches a point where its
chief is well-respected, and it's so big that its members nae longer
recognize each other, then it's ready to become a—a city-state, as
you might say

In the late 1500s, the clans begin cutting up Caledonia for
themselves. So, here, Clann Tweed formed the Tuath of Thistle,
stretching from Dumfries to Edinburgh. Clann Tweed's always
been a rough but honest mob, being the gatekeepers, so to speak,
of Caledonia and repelling many English invasions. Though the
other clanns might grouse about them, they're the clann you'd
most want on your side in dire times.


The Renaissance

Elizabeth I crowned.

Elizabeth executes Mary, Queen of Scots.

Fae Clann Tweed forms Tuath of Thistle. In re-

sponse, Clann Lomond forms the Tuath of Rowan.
1590 Smallerfaeclannsunite toform Tuath of Caledonia,

called the Barbarian Kingdoms by the other clanns.
1592 Fae Clann Cairngorm forms Tuath of Alba.

To protect his interests, Chief Speedwell, the randy gossach
leader of Clann Lomond, forms the Tuath of Rowan between
Edinburgh and Aberdeen in 1589. He and Chief Branoden of Clann
Tweed dinna get along, even though, or perhaps because, they
represented the two strongest Kithain clans. To date, there's still
some tension, Clann Lomond viewing Tweed as dull and staid,
Tweed
indeed. In the past, others have seen both clans take lands that
dinna belong to them, and so regard them carefully

alling Lomond too uppity and unreliable. Unreliable,

In 1560, the northern clanns are getting nervous, seeing that
glint of land-randiness in the other clann chiefs' eyes. Clanns
Duich, Tay, Campion, Tummell, Leyhorn, Morar and
Kinlochlinnhe all unite into the Tuath of Caledonia, what the
Lowlanders call Barbarian Kingdoms. Even combined, the popu-
lation of this tuath is far less than that of Tweed or Rowan.

Far northwest, news of the tuaths finally reaches Chief
Kincraig, who declares the Cairngorms, after which his clann is
named, part of the Tuath of Alba. That tuath — lovely place, my
home, you know —stretches northwest from the Tuaths of Thistle
and Rowan. Home to the great clanns, noble, entertaining, appre-
ciate a good whiskey and— what's more! —dinna flinch at haggis.

At this point, feuds began to determine borders, fealties,
spoils of entire groups of clans. Fora while, the chiefs understood
this and left each other alone. But not for long.

Sometimes justice's served up on a strange platter. Before she
died, Mary Queen of Scots, had a son, name of James VI. When
Elizabeth | died, Mary's son took the throne, uniting Scotland and

ind under one crown. Good enough, what with a Scottish king
‘on top, but that wasn't for long, and among the mortals, the reigns of
James and his successors led to terrible religious tensions, even worse
than those between his mother and the alpha-male Queen Elizabeth.

Excuse me, Rabbit-ears — yes, you, in the back. Either shut
your gob or shove off. Yeh, I hear you, I'll get to Chief MacLeod in
amoment. Jesus Bloody Christ, | canna hear myself think with you
childlings around!

So, in this climate, the fae clann chiefs lost perspective and
went, as you might say, a bit fanatic. Take Clann Venue, one of the
powerful fae families in the Trossachs, near Loch Lomond. Venue
took as its badge, or symbol, the profile of the old sidhe King Eolim

the same bloke who defeated the Blue People centuries before.
Now, understand, Eolim had gone away in the Shattering and


Elizabeth | dies; James VI of Scotland unites Scotland
and England.

War of the Badge: fae clanns Venue and Uird clash
over right to wear emblem of King Eolim.
Doissetep's Drua'shi masters murdered in Horizon
Realm; Council Seats abandoned. The Hermetic
Robert Langloch of Dryburgh Covenant forms plan
to build another Horizon Realm for new governing
body.

Representatives return to Council Seats in Horizon.
Langloch and 12 other British mages begin to create
Kentigern, an idealized realm filled with beasts and
structures from British Mythic Ages. A half-year
later, work stops. Langloch and the others disappear.
Kentigern also disappears.

Mages with alliances to Doissetep shut down move-
ments in Horizon Realm to find Langloch and
Kentigern. Maverick mages who attempt same later
also disappear or are silenced.

hadn't been seen on Earth for hundreds of years. But a rival clann,
Uird, got all out of joint over Venue heft" of Eolim's face.
"He's ours," they said, "he stayed at our freehold all the time
when he visite

Venue said, "You weren't using him, and we're closer to his
pure traditional ide: rguments, shouts on both sides, insults,
and pretty soon they were at it hammer and tongs. Over the next
decade, both clanns destroyed one another completely

So were the clanns really using this badge nonsense as an
excuse to attack their enemies? Or were they actually genuinely
daft? I dinna know, and I think e matter. Och, I've drained this
flask, send up another

It's like bloody James VI set off an avalanche — although, in
reality the poor bastard probably dinna know what was happening
until some lackey popped the bloody crown on his head and
renamed him James | of England. Things haven't been the same in
Caledonia since, or so I'll tell you if you ask

James 1 — or James VI, or whatever you please — dies in
1625, putting Charles I in power. Charles appoints Catholic
bishops to the Church of Scotland and causes riots. Thirteen years
later, the Scots sign the National Covenant, opposing Charles'
Catholicism. In 1688, William of Orange takes the English throne,
and the crown passes from the hands of mere barbaric Scots.

Now, to this day, the Highland burgess — the commoners
among the fae — have a well-known reputation as scoundrels and
thieves, though if you ask me, those two-faced, superstitious Welsh
songbirds fit the description better. Why the Highlanders? Two
words: Rob Roy. He was the "Robin Hood of Scotland," robbing from
the rich, giving to the poor. A proto-socialist. So crofter changelings
and wilders looking fora good time — Hear that, Whiskers? Aye, you
in the back —joined his band of merry men, raiding rich Lowlanders
for food for his clan and making enemies of the Duke of Montrose,

who declared them outlaws and torched Roy's house.

After this foul deed, Roy joined the Jacobites and began
plundering Montrose's lands. The Jacobites, by the way, were a
mortal faction that wanted Scotland for the Scots, and would just
as soon have William of Orange squeezed into a breakfast drink.
More times than you can say Braolauch shi, the Highlander
changelings helped Rob Roy escape from prison, until the Duke
was sheer livid. Among those changelings was the famous outlaw
Spat Thomconk and his rough band of roguish boggans. Am sure
you've heard tales.

Now, listen up, Whiskers and friends —and perhaps you could
bringan ailing soul adram of malt while you're about it— we're back
to Chief MacLeod, who we last saw wandering into a fae forest of
Skye in 1350 for one year's service to the Shadow Court. Ahhh,
thank you, dearie. Oh, and you must know that when MacLeod met
Coruisk in that faerie forest near Dunvegal, the fae lord told him he,
meaning MacLeod, must do his year's service in Coruisk's form. By
this trick, Coruisk meant MacLeod to fight the Unseelie's swom

ord Cullen the troll, in hand-to-hand combat.

iow, Lord Cullen was a feared fae lord in the Scottish
Highlands, but he was second to Coruisk because he dinna cut as
charismatic a figure to the Unseelie wilders there. Nonetheless,
Coruisk feared the Unseelie troll, because Cullen had made a
standing challenge in personal combat —and the stakes were the
very Tuath of Shadows. For every season Coruisk refused the fight,
his popularity declined. And it was nae merely that the troll bested
Coruisk in every form of combat; ‘twas also that Cullen had
enchanted himself against all faerie harm.

So in steps MacLeod, a mortal changeling, as it were. Coruisk
instructs him in proper Unseelie behavior at court, faerie ways, and
soforth, then leavessoasnotto be discovered. Mostofa year passes,
and MacLeod starts feeling comfortable in his role as faerie lord of
the Shadow Freeholds of Dunvegal, when Cullen reissues his
challenge, as he does every year when the leaves start falling.

low, MacLeod was not clan chief for nothing. He was a
warrior, and well-used to quashing Highland brawls with the fist,
nae the tongue. Though nae mortal isa match fora Hebridean-bred
Unseelie troll, MacLeod carried himself well in the fight, and at the

The Jacodices

1638 Protestant Scots sign National Covenant op-
posing Charles I's Catholic leanings and con-
demning all Catholic doctrine.

1671-1734 Rob Roy, "the Robin Hood of Scotland."

1688 The Glorious Revolution: Parliament deposes
Catholic James II; crown leaves Scotland when
William of Orange becomes king.

Glencoe massacre.

Ancient Unseelie Lord Coruisk destroyed in
epic battle against Lord Cullen. Beginning of
decline of Tuath of Shadows.

Act of Union between Scotland & England.
MacLeod, chief of his clan, returns to mortal
Scotland after a year in Lord Coruisk's realm
and retakes Dunvegan Castle.


01 payixa st jayDey Uaan?} pur ‘Aynyssaoonsun ssoy
asutede siauowMOD say{jex Mac] JO yen] "spueyst
Pur spuerysiH] ap oyu} syoeze Yo Jaq suUE|D
ay Inq ‘saajaswayA JO} swOpsuPy aares stuUATO
Pur |[PIN ‘pated ‘ssoy SypIs ay] PuatNsTY MYL €1-6961

69 2nF

saypeyD aoung atmuog se spur] ae pue yeuOW! inoysnonp
umouy sea aound ay "aye Jaxai04 ‘spon puepysty] jo yoMsu
yHAsayp YEA S,AP"] eA YBNonp Aewe wry parutds ue saypop>.9y
uy aounzd atp passaup e1o}J ‘Aes 1y1u Mod se "oUNY eYOOd Jo Ids
ayp uy "ound atp Supreme sem —asiq] Woy UeWIOM feENOUN BO THEA
-zosprew se dn sjasiay 19s pey ‘9otape s,Jaayadi]g Beopy Uo ‘oy —
pleuogsey eo}, eyood samsayp ‘araasup) pueayjaag yo uoneyndod
paouryeg & pey mou Aq yor ‘904g UL reEp IF sey Puasa] 2e4 'sjaay
siy 1e Ystsiug oyp pI spueyysiyy ayp oat padeasa axpeys sung
‘pay]py waaq aay pinom sBury aq-pynom asou aya ‘Mop
pareajap 2
Aue s1y pue ay 224 "uapo}]N 01>4>"q WHY aAo4p Yst|sUg ayp axoyp
ing "Aquag] 01 paypreu ay se Suope pamo}}o} Aue pur "UNY pasesquia
aidoad ysmiorg ayy ‘auomp ayp uM on Cp)] UE auRL] WIOY
poauie — emg prempg sapeyD se uMoUy asiauatpo — areyr)
aoulug atuuog ‘suemg aup Jo ase] ayp ‘parotpaud Se0py sy
‘souapuadaput ystioag Jo asne> ayp on suAazew pure sooray se UIEyATY
100d asoup Jo YUN am ‘Aep spp OY "wa, Jo AueUZ IYysNeD ‘paapuT
‘pu ‘uoH]aqay aseauqyeiag ay? UI paajoaut azam OYM sBuTjasueYD ay
[1] 02 sadew payedsip Aay_L "puepoog ur asouzea uF Sunes axa
Aaya Mou pur ‘puejsug uMop Suruuns Asng waag p.Aaup ‘Aunquad tap]
atp aouig "seouypa |. {Je NO rey axaM asatp jo AuEpy -aUIT SIE
1e purjSug woy puepoog orur SurNod a1am saseut Jo S10] MON
« WoH}aqay wseaugyerag ayp,, 11 []e2 Aaxp MON "aouapuadapur
ysmoog Jo sauey oyp ayors 01 yuo} TUAM sazts pur sadeys |e Jo
s]]01 pue sy>e[03 ‘suesBog ‘s1490N -9ey ANUNOD ax PuE sasse]D
Suppion atp Suoure jaaen o1 si9a/qns say ino IUAs seaIq|EIag APE]
-adoad atp aredard aseaiqyerag rey parsaBBns Se10py "pueplorg
Jo auomp jeuow ay WHE] 01 dn MoYs pjnom auoatOS 1K
Aoaydord e Syaayadyg Sexy YSen]s snourey axp Yostape soy Woy
108 Hsearqyerg Ap ML yp jo sajna ayp way,
[sino ay1] Jo} Area prey
e 20} yeammeuUN a1om shear sTOYLL 49 ‘ap>eIDads ayp ung) "aamMo1d
‘94198 nod pue — swosog —2¥j 31q onut sarpeyp ainad nap ysnd
ae swoomad parssi09 ort pazs—anbs suapreur nyso Suno4 pur
‘sdeo aratp ur sraypeay Aounon YAM sys0Iead ay] passaxp staNINoD
ueS80q auiSeuy pauaddey.oaau ‘pop yuetp ‘yoy Nod ysysuq

poo; ap JO s9A1/4\ 9p PUNO} pue YOU UdAUP
uaqia, -O101g ‘Pakonsap st Peameyy JO 9BETIIA UL O6-O8LT
AUgBoq ssOUBMEI-) PUENTE "OBL

"Ansnpuy Aavay Jayp0 Aq pamion]os ‘paysy]
-qeaso Spiomuoy sty se puEpODS UI smors Ayfeueg — $09). T

jlowrin | purjyBy J

fi2yBiD 242 Jo a8] 08

"wapor|nS joopieg stp13e paeayop st nq 1] 381095)

ueyaaourp Jeasun 0} sidwane ‘quo ay) 01
duUTETP Sqo>ef ‘aq HEYD 2UNY HUUOY —_p-SHLT
"maq] Jo ten] "uorpeqay aseanqqeyag YL Ph-9ELT
sasturu owiiid ystig 3stty Tet

ayp Jo sarpuep pue sdoj ay zaye sano> aey ayp Japow o2 paruEm
ada sBurpsuey ysm0rg awog "wkYp-YsH|sug pue sty>-ys!|sug
ypu dh pay Sues azam sSuypasueys ueruopared ‘pay Aq par]
"Aepoa aourzg aruuog tp jo Supjpea aq pam wan] J pue "YY
pos pey UeID ay
3]ha 01 wo} sty UI pouunaad ays pur ‘padeosa uaAd ay a10}9q 244g
J02]8] 2qp UO pjoyaaa, JeBaauNg Ut 4>2eq poo PPE M9]s UIMOPEYS
rey st Loa Ky "say Mays ay pue ‘os seadde wry ayeur or
paiayo uImopeyg ‘2o1preM09 Jo INO "eYP Aes stAyIO Yaryo 19ULIO}
axp joaouereadde arp yoo poo pep eyp wre] spuasa] aWOg
"upeap sty
[HUN axa" pa|Tu pue aduErstsse soy YAH apsed ay YOO 9} "WHY
pauioddns Aayp os pur ‘sy13 ax aavy 01 poarpeyy paartjaq Auepy
UaLUISUIFY s109g Pood Jo Aue Ue aster O1 URBAg pu ‘IYs YonEjoRIg
ayp ajors aystu Aq uesaaunq ou adaz9 ULMOpEYg pue poo PLP
‘paasnasiq] ‘pue] aout Joy ystj3uq oyp o1 SuLapued sem — oureu
ing Sunpou wi a09g e— Jaryp TuALIND ay arya ‘pse_ uESAUNG,
pauista a} ‘pazog Ajjesor 1y3u1 mas3 ay ‘pourmray poo Pep Udy,
puejsuq yin uoIUA Jo VY ap pauls pey puepodg ‘vag
-aoujd say]np yon pue zurey yon e
sem puepoog Jeuow pue ‘| [2 | 1nq ‘parsadxa poo pep se [CE] eu
seat 41 Ino 108 Aayp VAY AA "P[OYPay} sINoD MopEYg ayp Jo sasuayap
areunysiu axp adeosa on tpuow [pry ayouR ULMOPEYg pue WIY
002 a] "ueB9AUNC] O2 PoUsMD: OU PeY PosTPEY J1YD [IPS
"a1]9sup) pue 91]99g tog 30} UDAKY B BUTWIOIAG
Ajjenquaaa ‘pourpap tpena ay apes] OneWISUYD ay InoypIM
ng "Aue sit pue sMOpeYs Jo ypEN J ap JoONUED Yoo uay|NS,
aureus ysituog Suuadsrym pur
ueapliga}{ pjo> aya zeay wed Nod Ap stip or axaYM SYeag AVapseC)
Jeau WHY patunsuos ueYDE]]OIq SuIPMoY e "BULAp Ax] ysIMUOD,
SY "MO]q Ms e YAM UMOP YsIMIOD IYBnog WAIN ‘AyeUL
‘ayjoasuy] asureSe pa[Ssnns a1jaasu-)
se sypo1 dup surese payserd soem PUL ‘IseOd yep ayp $5049" Paysey}
Sunnysr] (eas ax Woy asioy-jfey ‘ueUL-JfeY TUazLASad pur ssayUrys
ay) aaavjayxsny ayp pur (sj213-uaaes Surjonspoojq) ypis ueyqoeq
sty ‘(your Jo UsuNDUI UeUsTeW ayA) soyouTU sty ‘sdeopax pue
sype|]O8 ‘sueB¥oq sty pouousUns ysIUOD ang "AeqapiseD Jo AEG.
aida ayp ur uayqnc pautol —sauc ssajadeyg yep ay — eye |oq
aj ¥ Uaaa ‘s1ayD0U ‘sdeopay ‘s}Jon Jo sarUMy "AlayDun sty parmuype
aj B YBnoUp ‘sapis paSuey> sraoddns sapyim sysInI0D Jo 10}
V ‘SUIIND ayp pue sysiNIOD ayp ssuOHIDe] Om OU ayoIq sMOPLYS
Jo upen | atp Mou og "1 aatd on pasryas ay ang ‘A3ojode sty papueur
-ap und Mopeyg ayp "ysI4OD ayBNeD ayjaasup axp Uayp\,
"aug B UT wTY 02 >"q 02 228 ]],] PUR IBUO] 2]IYm Pood v rad
40} spur] Jer0U 02 ¥>eq Aem sty PUY eUP|NoD ay Ysnot — pjoysay
yp 02 SurSuojaq 28910} jo y>red v o1un padeosa poaPeyy 90] Sty
"uumopeys jo djay axp yar jy "sem ay wey soy jerz0W ayp aves aey ay
[[e pur "uayoug sem poarpeyy Uo aUNUEY>UA s ysINIOD WAU
Tey TY "pyoms wos sty yar Aypeq Ua}]ND p10] papunom ay pua


1788

1813-73

1884
1892-93

1901
1914
1920

1930s
1939-45,
1944
1947
1950

The Greac Wars

First convict ships sent to Australia.

"Year of the Sheep" during Highland Clearances
as farmers buy up tenants' land for livestock.

Scottish Void Engineer, missionary doctor and
explorer David Livingstone. Journeys across Af-
rica three times starting in 1840. Africans kill him
in 1873 as he searches for the source of the Nile.
Queen Victoria purchases Balmoral Castle along
the Dee after Technocrats cause owner to choke to
death on a fish bone.

Telephones are introduced.

First Scottish socialist, Keir Hardie, is elected to
Parliament and founds Independent Labour Party.
Queen Victoria dies.

World War I.

The Depression. In Scotland, nationalist senti-
ment strengthened.

Scottish National Party formed, advocates self-rule.
World War II.

Oil reserves found off west coast of Scotland.

First Edinburgh International Arts Festival begins.
Scottish National Party steals Stone of Scone from
Westminster Abbey.

That defeat at Culloden marked the end of the mortal clan
system, although Highland fae never rid themselves of it until The
‘69. Adding insult, the English banned the wearing of tartans, the
symbol of Scottish independence, for almost 100 years after
Culloden. Which leads us to our next topic — Banality

Ironworks, coal mining, steel production, shipbuilding—not
industries filled with Glamour. Well, perhaps shipbuilding. Any
way, all these came to Scotland in the 1760s. Caledonian fae refer
to the rise of industry as the Plague of Chimneys, and Scots like
James Watt and Adam Smith as the carriers.

With industry on the rise and the old mortal clan ways
expunged, the time was ripe for the Highland Clearances. Way it
used to be, commoners paid landholding chieftains rent by joining
theirmilitary. After Culloden, landowners charged tenants ghastly
rents; when these crofters couldna afford it, Lowlanders and
English farmers bought up the property and bunged the Scots out
on their noses. Many mortals and nota few fae emigrated asa result

Now that's the mortal story. There's also rumors of mages,
gossip of the sort that makes you wonder about them — two groups
in particular, what you call the Celestial Chorus and Verbena
Well, rumor has it that local Choristers were in a position to help
prevent the Clearances, but instead allowed them to happen. They
wanted to undermine their rivals, the Verbena, by converting the
Highlanders to Christianity. But when all the people got thrown
out, both sides ended up losing their power base — for God knows,
English lords have never bent their knees to any god but profit


You must wonder at mages who aim so high, yet end up
dispersing their own people across the world and filling their lands
with sheep.

Aye! Aye, that was a grand theft! It wasa grand and dramatic
and momentous and stupendous gesture of nose-thumbing at the
Londoners. The Scottish National Party, which have never done a
bit of good to that point, stole into Westminster Abbey on Christ-
mas night, 1950, pulled up the Stone of Scone and spirited it away

There was talk at the time, at least amongst us in the
Aberdeen frecholds, that such a marvelous pinching must have
needed magic. But nae, am sorry to say it was all mortal doing —
the Sleepers, as the mages call them. And they had to give it back
a few months later, more's the pity. Still, a grand gesture. When |
heard it, I felt all a childling again, dancing and capering about
Like this — oop! Whup! Arr, am a bit muzzy, nae mind. Next

Well, many of you already know about the Resur

interested in possibilities again, they walk on the Moon, they rebel
against the authoritarian ideals of earlier decades, they experiment
with love, sex, drugs, music, sheep — hah! Nae, just joking.

Inanact of cosmic irony, with these improvements comes the
embodiment of authority, the sheep — eh, sidhe — who want
nothing more than their kingdoms back. Oh, and perhaps fame.
Well, and alsoa little powerand maybe some bonnie gollach lasses,
And throw in a pound of Dundee cake and some poached salmon.
That'sall they want. And some fine single malts and haggis might
not be bad, either.

So the royals — Ross, Baird, Niall and Glynnis — return. They
gather their sidhe and some support from burgess toadies and carve
small kingdoms for themselves. Clanns Duich, Tay, Campion,
Tummell, Leyhorn, Morar and Kinlochlinnhe, as well as Clann
Caimgorm of the Tuath of Alba, resist the royals, keeping the
Highlands and islands free of sidhe influence.

Ross kept fighting the other royals and the clans, but got

ger-all to show for it. Then, after her husband died in 1991,
Queen Rachel — you know, of the Tuath of Dew, now part of
Dalriada — rallied her commoners against Ross, and lost. Ross
bunged her out of Caledonia quick as a flash. She ended up in
Castle Windmoor in York under the protection of Lord Olave and
Lady Spurn of the Kingdom of Heather, two of the few troll burgess
to remain in power after The ‘69.

Old Ross added the Tuath of Dew to Dalriada in 1992. You
can be certain that he has designs on all the other tuaths, maybe
even the entire Isle of the Mighty. It falls to the other sidhe, and
good folk like King Niall of Alba, to keep him in line, by God.

High King David rules the fae from fortress Tara-
Nar (North America); Britain joins the European
Community.

Oil drilling begins in North Sea.

Questing Beast sighted briefly in the Trossachs,
near Stirling.


ghille dhu of the Pine Stand (Trossachs) invite
King Ross and Leyden, Duke of Iron to their Bower;
Ross sends Leyden, who returns with reports of
wondrous lands to conquer.

Reports of ghille dhu, fed up with Ross' attitude,
seeking audiences with other fae leaders.

Stone of Scone (Destiny) returned to Scotland from
Westminster Abbey.

I visited Queen Rachel last year, you know, just before she
disappeared. Said she was going on holiday with a mob of Girl
Guides. Nae, am only joking. But itis true she hasna been seen for
a year.

Och, and here we are again with our good pal, the Questing
Beets. Beast! The talk I've been hearing has it that dozens of
changelings across Caledonia — every sort of kith in every kingdom
— have been struck with visions, and not just after downing a few
quarts of fine, fine Scottish whiskey, although God knows we up
north can do that with the best of them — hang on, I've lost my
thought — ah, the Beast

Each vision, as I hear it, has the Beast popping up in the
usual fashion — one thing I notice is that the creature always
looks different, and yet every poor sod always seems quite sure ‘tis
the Beast — but instead of the I-can-answer-your-questions-if
you-catch-me act, the Beast is talking somewhat different now

In this vision the poor sod gets a sense that if he catches the

Beast, he can restore lonia to its former glory. The Tuath Glas
Cu—the magical pool under Stirling Castle that's now drier than
will fill again, and all will be basically

right with the world, or the Scottish portion thereof

asidhe lord's tear ducts

But the vision always goes on, and the next part is bad. The
poor sod sees a huge dark shape loom up behind the Beast, a big

hulking silhouette, and somehow the poor sod knows this dark
shape is called the Hunter. This Hunter has got after the Questing
Beast, but the sod never knows why nor how — only that if the
Hunter catches the Beast, ‘tis awful for Caledonia and all the Isle
of the Mighty
You recall how I said that the sods who get the vision always
go off questing for the Beast, and they always find it pretty quick.
Well, this last 10 years they haven't. If anyone has happened on the
Beast, I've heard none of it. Nor anything of this Hunter, either,
for Scotland, | can offer you a long list of candidates, starting with
the British Royal Bloody Family and both housesofploody Barliament
I mean — och, let's finish up, I'm exceedingly pissed.
I see Professor Whosit's timeline takes us right up to the latest
headlines. After quite a lot of tedious negotiations with a thousand
English bureaucratic bastards in the million-headed English crim
nal government, and I think some lawsuits too — and there's the
signal of Banality if ever there was one — the Scots have at last
shamed the bastards into sending back our Stone they pinched six
centuries back. I hear it was some Scottish mages in what'scalled the
Order of Hermes that led the fight, all behind the scenes.
By God, | only look forward to getting a true Scottish king or
a fae king or queen, and |
daresay King Niall up in Alba could be him or her. Aye, aye, you
lot back there can shout as you will, but Niall is the one working

queen crowned upon that Stone

to make Scotland the land of the Scots! You wait, you lot! That
Stone has powers, powers I havena even mentioned. It finds the
enemies of Scotland, and it curses them with hunger and misery
and bad food and the pox, so some people may want a vaccination.
Yah, yah, shove off, it's me own talk up here! You turds in Dalriada
will shiver in your pansy shoes when Niall has the Stone, it rains
atomic bombs on the enemies of — here, what's this, am nae done
yet! Let go, you bastards! Scotland forever, by God!



In all things pertaining to the land that move the Scot to his
marrow, you will observe the note of tragedy, this singing of lost

causes, of dead years, of death

—Neil M. Gunn, Whisky and Scotland

The people of Scotland rose out of conquest and assimilation.
The name Scotland comes from early invaders, the Scotti, a tribe
of Irish Celts who landed in the fifth century A.D.. The Picts are
the first group of people to inhabit Scotland that scholars know
much about. The word Pict come from pictus, a Roman word for
painted, a reference to the Picts' habit of painting geometric
designs upon themselves before battle. By A.D. 83 the Romans had
conquered all of Britannia (England), but the fierceness of the Picts
prevented the Romans from conquering what they called Caledonia.
Instead they built Hadrian's Wall to keep the Caledonians out

When Roman Breton's power declined, the Caledonians
streamed over the border, but by the late fifth century, Caledonia
was besieged. Celtic Bretons and Germanic Angles invaded from
the south; from the east came the Scotti. By the seventh century
another group of invaders, the Vikings, took over the Isles and
portions of the East and West Coasts. It was not until 1034 that the
various wars between these peoples producedasingle king, Duncan,
‘otland.

and a single country

The strong influences of all of these groups remain in the
languages of Scotland. Until recently, many of the Shetland
islanders spoke Norwegian. (The closet major city is Bergen, in
Norway.) Town names beginning with aber (two rivers) or pit

(farms) show the remnants of the Pictish language. Gaelic, the
guage

language brought by the Scotti, isstill spoken in the Highlands and
the Hebrides, (Hebrides comes from haf bred eyr, a Norse term for
"islands on the edge of the ocean.") Scots, or Lallans, is a dialect of
English with words borrowed from all of these sources. It is the
language of the Lowlands.

The Lallans-speaking Scots of the Lowlands, the islanders
and Gaelic-speaking Highlanders regard themselves as different
from one another. The Lowlanders have controlled much of the
power and are the most English of the Scots, for they faced wave
after wave of English conquest. The islanders are more aloof and
proud of their Celtic and Norse heritage. The Highlanders, due to
their Gaelic culture and their small numbers compared to the
Lowland Scots, have suffered abuse at the hands of their country-
trange irony, it is the Highlanders who represent
Scotland to the world.

OF Things Losc

The fae of Scotland believe that the preservation of their
culture is worth dying for, but their actions to preserve it must not
invite Banality. Fae rulers discipline their wayward minions in
their fae mien. Attacking a foe's mortal life ot livelihood is
dishonorable and other fae see this as an acknowledgment of the
mortal world's (temporary?) dominance of the Dreaming. When

men. Now, in


dealing with mortal foes, Scottish changelings use traditional

faerie methods: pranks, treachery, kidnapping, and so on Scocash Lexicon

Many wilds, especially the bards ofthe Tuath of Shadows, A yay going I'm away to bed."

Aye — yes
Bairn — child; "weans" for Glaswegians

challenge these priorities. They believe that fighting solely against
change and time will doom the fae. They concentrate on engen-
dering a resurgence of Celtic culture in human society by mingling
it with elements of New-Age philosophies and faux druidism. Bide — stay
Traditionalist fae disapprove of the melange of belief which results; Breeks — pants
some react violently to these affronts against fae culture. Burn — stream

Scottish history invites a theme of "might have beens" and Cannae — can not
"could have beens." William Wallace almost won independence Chaps enock
from Englandin the late 13th century, butwasbetrayedby Scottish Jachan-t-seasaidh —a standing stone
nobles. Yet with this acknowledgment of treachery, there is also

Dinnae — do not

Gallic — Gaelic
Greet — weep

hope. Robert the Bruce, a claimant to the Scottish throne, was one
ofthe nobles who turned his back on Wallace, buthe later recanted
his misdeeds and went on to free Scotland from the English yoke.
Unfortunately, English gold has forever tempted the Scots. When Guid — good
James of Scotland took the British throne, he moved his court to Ken — know
England. And along with English land and money, James and his Kirk — church, esp. The Church of Scotland (Presbyterian)
nobles took on English ways. fda,

The English conversion of their nobles diminished much of Lassie — girl; "quine" for Glaswegians
the Scots' faith in their rulers. Therefore, a patriotic boast often Tabhsear—a seer, aperson with second sight, a prophetoran

enchanted mortal

Taibhs —a vision

Tigh-cheilidh — house of entertainment

rings with irony. Too many Scottish rulers have been traitors, too
many of their heroes have been betrayed. Throughout their
history, the Scots have heard promises from their leaders, but few
have been fulfilled.

Seanachacdh —a storyteller
staunchly determined. Punctuating these dark emotions is an Wee — small

unwavering, blazing love of kin, music, dance and nature. Al Wode — Angry

though the forces of Banality and the Technocracy hold sway over Willnae — will not

most of the folk of Scotland, there is still an incredibly strong

culture which prizes esthetics, faith and dreaming over profit Scocs Gaelic

margins and timetables.

The Caledonii are often dour and brooding, but remain

Gaelic has three family branches: Scots Gaelic, Irish
Geelic and Manx Gaelic. The speakers of these tongues can
generally understand each other, although Manx is probably
the most unique.

Gaelic pronunciation is difficult and this is not an
exhaustive list. The most difficult are the long vowels (marked
with an accent) and the consonant combinations.
ScocsPronunciacions Long Garlic Eagish

Sounds Example Equivalent
¢ Words starting with wh aren't shortened to just the w bas

sound as in American English. The Scots pronounce the h by
blowing slightly after the w sound.

* Words that begin or end with tt, th and sometimes thave
the rsound replaced with a glottal stop. Mother is pronounced,
"muh her." Other examples are found in: better and butter. néamh — where

* The oo sound is replaced by a sound close to the féin rain
diphthong ow, asin "know." Thisis formed by closing the mouth Taner tree
slightly more than normal when making the oo sound, and by bh, mh vas in van, silent at the end of words
jutting your lower lip slightly forward. chd as in the Scots' ch sound

Words with ch are not pronounced like the American dh Bion yfiacallentar tis end Se yori
English chsound suchas in "church." To hear this, say the phrase ay eis hes
"knock hard" very quickly and you will approximate the Scots

The Caledonii hope and struggle, often unaware of how they
cooperate. The fight the mages wage against the Technocracy is
a fight against Banality. The fae's engendering of the Dreaming
through the preservation of the mythic threads, still strong in
Scots' culture, weakens the Technocracy's grip on reality. These
efforts make Awakening and Chrysalis far more possible.

far
él lord
mor more
ch moor

th usually silent, sometimes as h or ch


Sa]st Ayo1 ayp O1UO puke kag YUON oy
yo sinod yeup astuu Jo ypeat & ‘uvDy ay UO Bug seas [O09 puk spue|st
Suyuuem ayy "Jom ap adeasa iouued [Js s1apueyst ue sistnor
aup ‘ours aup ur skawnCO pue spuepayg aya uO "(aIuIA at
ur Ayjersadsa ‘puey atp sapeatad yorym ssoudess ‘Aastur "Ayzzup ay)
yorasp puom aya yain dn pauruns st soupeam snourezut sty,
‘waypeam Jaa ang ‘pyr Aaneyay
Surapuadua ‘purporg 1900 smoy sre auOqeas ‘we /\ "ULAqqUES)
AYP Woy MOY ey saYeM YIM passa]q st PuEpOIg YOpeIqe]
24], "sinoy aay Jo sno} ang ase] YSMUIpY UF saystU JaUTUINg
"dep pue ayB1u jo sooueuea sures ayp sAofua Jo s1ayns 31 yons se pue
moosopy pue JOpeIgeT se apnanae] autes aup 2e sol] puEpro:
aA v S9]eB DIU 10 Op 2AeY
sapugqay 491NG ayp Jo spuEyst auIOg "sputm yerrug saEWOS puE
JUBISUOD YIM [Lap 02 AAKY OST spUe|st ap "vas snosYyIeAN UDO
ayp wu Suopy "Suruuey pur Surpray ‘Burysy uo soaisop Surdrea
01 puadap spuryst asoup jo stuenqeyuy ‘soasuaIDeTeYD eps May e
Avy OS|e spuejst ay INg ‘SIT UAO SH} SEY spuE|st aYp Jo YDey
SYMON at ou saUPANy Yon ang ‘shaUIE,
ap se aur] aures at ut ay] Yorya ‘spuepayg oup pue ‘dia aseayuioU
Up Jo ‘sKaUAICE ap ‘seOD 389/4\ BY Yo ‘sapuqapy ap :aze asoy |
‘sofvjadiyoie anbrun aarp o1ut padnos3 2g sajs] au ue> os ‘suotor
1OUNSIP aaiyp sureWUOD pueposg jo puefureM ay sv asnf
-auid
S109g Jo sMO1 YALA sisa10} 9aN1-Paxtu "pjo axp paseydas sey YoY
‘Ansnpur zaquin ayp Aq auauido|aaap jo 20] & uaas avy spuETYsI LY
ISAMYON axp Jo suApS parorjays ayp ‘MuIPSeoD Warsam axp Fuopy
‘spuepoys ay? prenoi preauseoyou yoear pue WoT jo yULy
ay woy asia Aayp ‘sulsnoo wayos say UeYp JaFPoy ‘sseUpUET
atp jo ued sownmayyiou ayp wo} spre] ysIp ISoMyON 2Y]
js] Ystug ay uo sisaioy Jrynneag your
dup Jo auo ‘sypessou y aup [pero Aayp pue ‘yey asadUe] suoRU a
Spuowo7] yo] wreyoD osjesuTEZUNOW Asay J "WY SUAOID "UTEILUg
Uu! UleqUNOU! Isa]]e2 aYp ‘StAaNy Ug PUeAjag [eNUD ay Woy astz
day. ‘sureyunoyy uerdurerp ayp st aSuesasaysiy pue souwayinos
AL "S8AN YO] OF aWOY ‘UAID IaID ay paye> Aayjea a8ny
v Aq paplalp saues urerunow oan asoduio> day | "ssewpuey Sut
-ureuiad ap jo sypnoy-aaxtp anoge ssedwooua spueyysyy 4 ay |
+jJo2 sur uayeI sey santD Jo Yous ax pue aud
-uoHAtla at 01 a8eurEp Iayseqpealg s,puEPOdg sea JeYM UI MOS
qIps sdouo ysnowpyy "spuejde, atp yo syjry ayp pue spueyysipy axp
josureyunow atp usamiag ‘sAa]]ea Jaausajog jenuad ay ul aasou
[Te ‘2apung pue ysinquipy ‘mo8se]C ‘santo snojndod asow s,puey
yp Jo aantp pu ‘san19 ut apisar oag asopy "uone|Ndod s,AnuNoD
AUP JO 9G Noge sureIUOD Inq ‘sseUIpUE] s,PUEPIOIG Jo 940] INOge
20 s1unoo2e Auo ‘spuEPROT JeNUID 40 ‘Jog TeNUID aL
-puadap siauuey at yorya uo apres pur daays ayp or
auroy are ‘s]]1y ayp Jo sadoys Assead au ypu Suoye ‘Aaxp pur ‘amyeay
Bur4ynuapt sat axe puepoow jo suonoas pareaayy "s||!y Suyyjor jo

spur] asoup 2op q]t4s Yanig pure eo Jo sasdoo JJewisng ‘oe souMUDD

xe pu mojd sapun pareaddesip spuejdy woyznog ayp jo sis230
AY "spueyysipy axp pue ajag penuad axp ‘spueyda woynog ay

sioqunooua JoMIsIA v preayoU Surpeay pue puepsiug 03 as9s0]9
suoiSax waypnos ay Woy Suraaed y "suotBan jearydesBoas sofew

antp o1u! paptalp st pueporg ‘s9]s1 Jo OEY 11 BUNUNOD ION,
-Ayyeueg
pur ASojouypaa joapn ays asurese adoy asaya si00g ay $91] ey
Bex9 pue Y>0] 10} Jopre Jo [Jax UBWOL ‘daep stp UT Sta] ,'S91I0]B
Surumoy,, s,ewoy say2 Woy sada nay pauany Ajares aavy Aaup
‘aoueUaIsns AeIp 01 Y>TYAr WOY PUY Wed] B SIOIg AyD aJeap sey
aumeu ySnowpyy "soy Oana UT ssaLLap]IM B Jo IspruU ayp UT aq ued
Ady reyp mouy ‘uonezLAt9 Jo 1ySy]Q ayp Yat pares ‘sueIBomse|D
Aueyy "tpSuans pur apuid ysm09g Jo aamose osje are spiia\ ay 19
"]}#4 s,uew 01 pamog sya19]du1o9 saA9u pueporg Jo ssouap}ia aU
deyp UoNeZt}ear axp WOY suIaIs UOTNISOdstp znop siodg ayp sdeysog
"AYBIPY aUp Jo a[s] au Uo JeI9y aow ayp aze eIUOPayeD Jo spUE|

yp ‘ing says pue ast Auoas *yD0]]1y waad8 oypeay ajding

,S89Ua[p] Jo sinop,, ‘uorAg pio] —

javSouyoo7] yavp fo sauop8 Sumumosf ‘daars ay]

‘onsafout pun pyim a4v avy S019 2191 40f YO

YOOCL) PUD YI1IAQ

"Ayonp yim AjsnowAuouds
41 asn pueposg jo ax ayy "sdiysuonejar peru 10 [eo
-nyjod Ayasau a0 ‘seare jeatydes8oa8 07 staya ‘uUe]D ayyfuUN
ing ‘aqua owt sarejsuen Aqy8nor ten — ypeny,
"JeuOULAU 0
saPEU Jo PUPJ B S1aI UTED e YIM sy "paavuua uayo pue
pandaua ‘auois a8ie] ‘a]SuNs w Aypensn tauorg — auerg
"spunoui azy pio — sueaynig
"av jy aouEpIODOY Ys 10 ‘AA Joe, 34]. — 69,94,
PLOYPayy 40 WO} aR |W — uN "EY
"ployaay e Jo afzey> ur Uosiad ayp ‘pio — pure]
"udaes y — yse]]0
SUUIE]D Se IsIXa |]NI8 SPU] YB! atp Jo srauoUNUOD pamoqun
ayy APpou., Jo pearsur uuar sty asn q[Is siUCUIOD
ysmioog asow! Yamod suuR[> ay paystuRUIp aypis atp jo
Jeause atp y8noup uaa "siorsaoue toy UeLp Jaye "WoL
punoze spur] ay2 Woy satueu say Yoo! suUR|D ayy au
stp Suyng "wnugauyaiuyy atp Suunp A1a1s0s ae Yst
jo aun dIseq ay sem wUEPD ay "UaIppLYD — wUEID)
sueIo1Seu! a8pay JO HOULIO ‘sypreIA ‘saajomiazam ‘sande
01 9;91 osyeIYStU UOPETED ‘UOUTWOD sow ay SuIaq ax} puL
soBeui ‘sdnoui paxrur saquosap 31 Ajjensp) "yex9UA8 Ur sBuIaq
Je>:eut 01 22}91 01 PyoM st asn ae} ay — WUOpare:
sjeuowru
40 Slay are SUED "sauOIs Jo punow YW — WED
"Mard0s ae} YsMI0Ng UT pasn are Y>TYAR
21f9XH ue IOIg WOY spIOM Jo sisisUOD aUeD avy


Nexttothekilt, nothing ismore associated with Scotland
than the pipes. That is why after Culloden, the defeat of the
Highland clans, both were outlawed. Pipers were hung for
playing their native music.

Pipe musicis broken into the ceol mdr, "big music" and ceol
beag, "small music." Most people now refer to the ceol mdr as
plobaireachd, or pibroch, but there are quite a few pipers and
scholars who might take exception to that. Many Gaelic
purists consider the pibroch, and even written notation, to be
acorruption of the unmeasured Gaelic music. They want pipe
playing and pipe-learning to return to is original, oral tradi-
tions.

Enough talk, fire up a copy of the Battlefield band or
Allan MacDonald!

Lastly, pipes don't scream, groan or moan, they skirl!

Dohics

Justas the conservation of natural resources, perhaps at the last
moment, has become amatter of acute concem ona worldwide scale,
so we in Scotland begin to know and value what we have been, what
we are, and what we might have become

— George Bruce, The Future of Scotland
England influenced, but never quite subsumed, the govern-
ment, economy and religious life of Scotland. The politics and

Isle of che COighty

arraaRrearealli

economy of Scotland are as distinct from those of the other British
nations as are its lochs, moors and highlands.

The parliament and prime minister of Great Britain (not
England) constitute the highest level of government in Scotland.
From there, authority descends to the secretary of state for Scot-
land, who sits on the ruling British cabinet, and has as his
government ministries relating to welfare and the economy. Below
this office, the nation is divided into 29 councils, responsible for
education, planning, transportation, and health and human safety
These districts fall along geographical and traditional boundaries
for the most part, but each of the major cities and island archipela-
goes has its own council. The councils are, in turn, broken into
wards with equal numbers of electors.

The homerule issue is still a factor in Scottish politics.
Although not the majority, the Scottish Nationalist party manages
to elect several members to the UK's parliament each session.
Occasionally, it pulls off something spectacular. On Christmas
Day, 1950, a group of Nationalists stole the Stone of Scone
(originally stolen from Scotland by Edward Longshanks) from
Westminster, and returned it to Scotland for a few months. As late
as 1979, the Nationalists forced a referendum to establish a
separate Scottish assembly, but it did not pass. Homerule has once
again come to the forefront. In a move to placate the masses, the
prime minister of Great Britain has decided to give back the Stone
of Scone. It will be interesting tosee if this act will quash or inflame
the homerule issue.

There are also related political movements to spread the use
of Gaelic. Victories have included Gaelic TV broadcasts, schools

—/


and even Gaelic WWW pages. Still, many of the councils of the

Isles have been frustrated when they have gone to the trouble of age Potizics

posting Gaelic street and road signs, only to have Lowland govern ‘Scotland wamonceaplace bf nytiiaaaiwertion The cay
ment officials print maps in English. The flood of money from Westies: the Wscigralsed eone andived to hionor life They,
North Sea oil had the unexpected result of fueling the home-rule Tesien tia Sica tate those "aAUIMMGAlE Be wise. ThE.
movement, Walls in Scotland now bear slogans such as, "I's Flares ined) nll Covetiatin to anadyseitt hie
Scotland's oil! forces of reality. Others came to commune with the fae, or
Scotland maintains its own banking and legal system. The therely sought refuge to study' the, esoteric arta: Choristers
Bank of Scotland (Edinburgh, 1695), the Royal Bank of Scotland protected their flocks from the demons of the fen and the
(Edinburgh, 1727) and the Clydesdale Bank (Glasgow) all issue darker devils of men's hearts. And out ofthe gorbals of choked
their own banknotes. Most Scottish businesses require their use, cities, they raised shining cathedrals to: point men's eyes
although the banknotes are not negotiable outside Scotland. The skyward, to the home of the One.
highest criminal court is the High Court of Justiciary, and its civil "The Ieicasitlcn "anal itgh nd (Clearances destaiared
counterpart is the Court of Session. Scottish law is not based on the Traditiers tr Seoetaned (Only tnages cheeelyiaited with
English common law but on the Roman legal system. ithe faezauch ta the Verbens:iuse che term Caledonia) The
Probably one of Scotland's government's greatest achieve Chorus divided; some joined the Technocracy and hunted
ments is its educational system. Dating from 1696, this system has down members of the Verbena and the scattered Hermetic
produced a near 99% literacy rate. Many centuries-old colleges mages. The Verbena, hiding in the Isles and Highlands, broke
exist in Scotland: Saint Andrews University, established in 1411 off ties with most other Traditions. Other Choristers, unallied
University of Glasgow, established 1451; University of Aberdeen, with the Technocracy, escaped into the ruined monasteries of
established 1495; and Edinburgh University, established 1583. eat
The Scottish economy traditionally relied on fishing, herd- ‘The depredations and betrayals of the pasthave brought
ing and farming. Over the centuries it changed to a textile, forth a slow rekindling of magick in Scotland. Hollow Ones
heavy-industry base, and more recently shifted to high technolo feign indolence in the Gothic pubs of Glasgow. Verbena eco-
gies and crude oil. terrorists launch raids on Technomancer holdings in the
Less than 20% of Scotland's land has ever been arable North Sea. The Celestial Chorus funds a chantry of mages in
Although some small farming and gardening continues to add to the Lowlands — determined to mend fences with the other
the food supply, the people of Scotland still depend on herding and Traditions. The Hermetics have never left.

fishing for much of their livelihood. The Technocracy's early victories turned sour, Iteration

X's Victorian industrial Utopia in Glasgow sputtered out
== unde pressure from laborrevolts and mounds of pollution and
Changeling Dolizics mining waste. Two world wars were able to keep it limping

along for awhile, butnow the Xers' interests have driven them
to the automated drilling rigs of the North Sea. The NWO's
Technocratic purges of the past decade stripped most of
Iteration X's funding away and placed the faction in head-to-
head competition with the Progenitors for the very oil fields
it helped discover,

‘The Technocratsin Scotlandare feudingamongstthem-
selves, confident in their power. They have strong cells in
Glasgow, Aberdeen and in the Murchison oil fields. They
have rarely acted in Edinburgh, other than to send patrols to
pick up mages who might prove indiscreet at the Edinburgh
International Art Festival. Even though the Technocracy's
losses might seem a little high in the capitol, ithasnever made
much of an effort to investigate.

Caledonia is a broken country. The '69 (the War of
Ivy) isn't over; the sidhe quickly fell to fighting amongst
themselves. Nohigh king arose in Caledonia, andafter eight
years of struggle, the royals of Scotland signed the Caledonian
Compact. They pledged to fight together should the
Sassenach (English fae) come calling

Ross of House Gwydion, King of Dalriada, is the most
powerful noble. He controls both Glasgow, the largest city,
and Edinburgh, the most Glamour-rich city in Caledonia
Niall of House Dougal controls the new-money capital of
Aberdeen, and has the support of a legion of nocker artisans.
Glynis of House Eiluned is the most enigmatic. The Queen
of Three Hills controls no major cites, but holds more land
than the other kingdoms. Her sorcery and her surprisingly
good relations with the commoners keep her kingdom

ae Train, Trek and Tude

Ross calls himself High King of Dalriada, and in his .
Scotland is about the size of Maine, so getting around might
kingdom, Dalriada is used synonymously with Caledonia —

seem easy. While major roadways connect the larger cities and

Ross recently gobbled up the Kingdom of Dew (Edinburgh)
7 towns, to get tosome of the more scenic sights by cara traveler must

and this victory gave him the confidence toclaim the throne
; ; travel narrow, winding roads. Many are one-lane roads equipped
of Caledonia. Niall claims that Ross' arrogance and treach- 7
with lay-bys. When two cars meet, the driver closest to the lay-by
erous nature keep him from accepting Ross as high king pall tecitweal Avaaiesetar Gaal
‘ must pull over and let the other pass. A motorist traveling on a
Glynis has neither acknowledged nor refuted Ross' claim. E P 2

remote road may also scream around a corner and encounter a herd

Chapzer five: Caledoma, Land of Hope and Becrayal 89


of sheep. There are no lay-bys for sheep, and they will most likely
be thoroughly unimpressed by a revving car engine or its hom.

Public transportation is the best way to get around Scotland.
Extend passes can be had for busses, trainsand even ferries (for trips
to the Isles). Busses can take a tourist anywhere in the cities and
trains lend transport between most cities and villages. Bicycle
rental shops can be found as well. Trekking or hiking trips are also
popular, and guides or guidebooks are plentiful.

Trods

Ban-Durrag's Squirm is a series of trods connecting the
heights of Ben Nevis with the sewers of Glasgow and the crags of
Mt. Snowdon in Wales. The Ban-Durrag who control these trods
form a group of Unseelie sluagh who use them to hide bodies of
their victims and to exchange information. Only sluagh can
squeeze through the entrances to these tunnels.

The Clockwork Trod is Niall's greatest achievement. Niall
supervised the construction of several chimerical clocktowers in
Aberdeen, St. Andrews, Dundee and Inverness. The towers open
trods between the cities on a tight schedule. Due to the intricate
and capricious nature of the machinery, sustaining the Clockwork
Trod is the provender of crews of fae craftsmen. The timetables
change from time to time, but it is unknown whether this is due to
the whim of Niall, or the machinery.

The Near Isle Trods connect many of the Hebrides: Arran,
Islay, Jura, Mull and Skye. These trods are in the hands of Ross of

The Stane Way is either the most elaborate course of
standing stone trods, or the biggest hoax Queen Glynis of Three
Hills has ever pulled off. Knowing Glynis, it's probably a little of
both. Glynis' most loyal nobles (notall sidhe) control the entryways
to the trods. If the gossip is true, some of these trods extend from
Northumbria to the Orkneys.

Wallace's Walk is a network of trods, the key to the power of
the Highland clans. During The °69 they successfully used them
tooutflank the sidhe forces attempting to take the Highlands. The
trod's ancient name has been lost in favor of a commoner hero's,
William Wallace. The commoners used this web of trods to speed
Wallace away after Falkirk. Legend has it that Flora MacDonald

used Wallace's walk to spirit away Bonnie Prince Charlie after
Culloden. Although many promises were broken and covenants
collapsed during clann feuds, none of the trods are known to sidhe
royals.

cocs Lestivals and
lidays

While innumerable festivals are held in Scotland, the ones
below are some of the most uniquely Scottish; several are of pagan
origin. These attract many of the Tradition mages, especially
Verbena and Dreamspeakers. Any celebration entices the fae, due
to the abundance of Glamour. Storytellers should find these
festivals useful events to initiate stories or weave into the fabric of
their chronicles.

Hogmany and Ne'er Day (December 3 stand January Ist)

The "first footing" marks the beginning of the festivities,
when the first revelersteps into the house at the stroke of midnight.
According to tradition, this person should have black hair and be
a stranger bearing coal, salt and a bottle of spirits. The coal is to
insure the warmth of the household and the salt is a charm against
famine for the upcoming year, the bottle of spirits is for the party.
To many Scots this holiday is more anticipated than Christmas.

Up-helly-aa, Lerwick, Shetland (Winter)

Up-helly-aa marks the end of the Yule festivals and is held on
the last Tuesday of January. Due to the boisterousness of the
festival, the next day is also a holiday known as "sleeping-off day."

On the night of the festival, a life-size galley isparaded though
the town, complete with a Viking crew and jarl (baron). Torch-
bearing citizens sing old Viking songs, accompanied by brass and
pipe bands that line the streets. At the end of the course, they take
the ship to a playing field. The Vikings abandon ship and, to the
refrains of The Old Norseman's Home, hundreds of torches hit her
dec! id she erupts in flame. But the night has just begun. The
citizens form secret societies of costumed dancers that visit drink-
ing and dancing halls all night long.

Burns Night (End of January)

These festivals honor the Scottish national poet, Robert
Burns. Feasts revolving around haggis, whisky and poetry recitals
are held all over Scotland to praise this extraordinary poet.

Gyro Night, Papa Westray, Orkney (Spring)

This festival falls on the Tuesday following the first new
moon of Spring. Gyro comes from gygr, the Old Norse word for
ogress. (The gyro would attack islanders at night with huge tangles
of rope and netting.) On this night old women visit the homes of
young boys after dark and are treated to meals by the boys' families.
The crones then ask the boys to escort them home. During their
walk home, some of the crones reveal themselves to be older boys
playing gyros. They whip out ropes and beat the younger boys who
try to escape them.

Beltane Rite, Arthur's Seat, Edinburgh (Summer)

Arthur's Seat is an 800-foot hill behind Holyrood House. On
the first day of May, young girls wishing for health, happiness and
beauty bathe their faces in the dew accumulated on the hill. This
rite stems from the ancient druidic belief in the holiness of dew,
especially May dew. Ironically, the young girls who participate in
this festival are often on their way to morning Church services at
the top of the hill; nevertheless, the Kirk cannot stamp out this old
Beltane rite.

Beltane Rite, Cloutie Well, Culloden Moor, Inverness
(Summer)

This festival takes place on the first Sunday nightin May. The
purpose is to cast off ills and cares. The pilgrims wind their way
down a path toa glade of trees. In their midst is a well, circled by
stones. A pilgrim walks three times around the well sunwise, then
tosses in a silver coin. While thinking of her cares, she dips in her
hands and drinks. Without speaking, the pilgrim ties a piece of
cloth (hence the name cloutie, cloth) from her clothing to a tree
nearby and leaves before sunrise.


Procession of the Burryman, South Queensferry (Sum-
mer)

The Burryman Procession probably dates back to rites repre
senting the Green Man, a figure embodying a scapegoat for the
town's sins, and therefore a figure of renewal. During the festival,
a man dressed in flannel is covered with burr thistles. This Burry
Man is escorted around town by two attendants who take collec
tions from whomever he calls upon. The Burry Man then leaves
town, ceremonially taking with him the evil influences of the
community. Participating youths split the money collected in the
Burryman Procession.

Riding of the Marches (June-August)

Usually begun with parades of pipes and brass bands, these
festivals commemorate the wars with England. Towns along the
English border stage their own particular rites, but during all
festivals, one or more horses are ridden to the English border and
back to demonstrate the people's loyalty to Scotland.

Ceilidh, Anywhere, Anytime

Ceilidh (KAY-lay) comes from the Gaelic word meaning "a
visit," but now refers to a party involving traditional dance and
music. Unlike many other traditional events, ceilidh are informal
People go not only to look and listen, but to dance and sing. These
parties are extremely popular, and pubs and public halls ail over
Scotland have ceilidh nights (called ceilidh dances in the High-
lands) on a regular basis. Formal competitions of Highland dances

and singing are called mods.

Scoccish Superstitions
and che Sloinneadh

Scottish superstitions are extremely important to the mages

In the early 1970s, Alasdair, bard to Queen Glynis of Three
Hills, invited all the fae heads of state to a meeting on the highest
peak of the Eildon Hills. On the grassy slopes, he and six enchanted
mortals told the greatest of the tales of mythic Caledonia and
thereby recounted hundreds of superstitions. After 20 hours of tale
spinning and singing, they stopped and told the fae that without
their help, all of these tales could die, and with their help they just
might live anew. Alasdair then outlined a code of behavior for the
fae of Caledonia. In order topreserve what was left of the old tenets,
he asked the fae to act in ways to strengthen the old superstitions
and fables which still existed. Ifthis was done the last vestiges of the
Dreaming would not die. In honor of their fae and human ances-
tors, this code was called the Sloinneadh (sloynu), after the
traditional Gaelic recitation of one's ancestors.

Storytellers can use the places, legends and practices below to
lend a Scottish flavor to any chronicles that involve Caledonia.
Storytellers should also note that the word "fairy," below, indicates
human interpretations of the fae or changelings. The fae are not
necessarily bound by these attitudes or traditions. Wise mages use
these legends to make their magick coincidental when dealing
with persons who are superstitious

Chapcer five: Catedoma, Land of Hope and Becrayal


?.

AA

Clean Arceries are forDoufs:

Scozs Lood

The traditional Scots breakfast consists of mounds of
toast and marmalade, bacon and eggs, kippers and tea. Dinner
or"t usually centered around the potato, often made into
chips like the English chip. The tea table groans with mutton
pies, sausages, bridies (meat and potato pastries), and red,
white and black (blood) puddings.

The wonder which is haggis is made of the heart, lungs
and liver of a sheep, ground with beef fat and then soaked
overnight. The next morning this concoction is mixed with
catmeal, onions, seasonings and gravy, and then boiled in a
sheep'sstomach. Traditionally, haggis is served with clapshott,
a mixture of mashed potatoes and rutabaga.

Scots balance this love of grease and fat with an uncon-
trollable lust for sweets. Griddles are used to make delicious
oatcakes, bannocks and butter scones. The bakers' ovens
produce prodigious quantities of shortbread, fruit cakes and
black buns (a sweet bread eaten at New Year).

Nowonder the Scots have an incredibly high incident of
people pitching over in the streets from massive coronaries.
They have but one hope for their cares, or their arteries, the
uisge beatha, the water of life — whisky.

Glenfiddich, Glenlivet, Glenmorangie...theseand other
single-malt miracles pour out of the Highlands like mana from
Heaven. Only the secret combination of malted barley, peat,
Highland spring water and the minimum eight years of aging
produces Scotch.

Bannock—The bannock isthe traditional bread of Scotland.
To prepare it in the classical way, it is kneaded sunwise into a disk,
with a hole in the center. It is then baked on a stone heated on a
fire. Bannocks, and the ston
regarded as charms against evil and it was generally regarded as
profane to waste a bannock in the old days. Daughters passed the
bannock stones on for generations as wedding presents.

Clach-an-Tiompian — Gaelic for "Stone of the Lyte." Clach-
an-Tiompian are standing stones that produce musical notes when
struck or when wind blows around them. Folklore states that
ringing a Clach-an-Tiompian summons the faeries.

Colored Thread — Witches use colored thread to imbue
curses; while common folk use them as protection from black

s they are baked on, are often

magic and the fae. In one case, a jilted lover caused impotence in
her old lover by tying three pieces of different colored thread into
three knots.

Corp Creadha—Gaelic for"clay body." The corp creadha are
wax ot clay bodies used by Scottish witches as voodoo dolls. They
could inflict pain or death, but unlike voodoo dolls, the corp
creadha are useless against persons with missing limbs.

Cuach— A wooden bow filled with water used to sink boats
or drown swimmers. The witches of Lewis placed small effigies of
boats in bowls and agitated the water as they chanted their spells.
When the effigies sank, the real boats capsized and everyone
drowned

Isle of che CDighty

E6as —These are charms against evil. They usually consist of
a chant, usually spoken by a healer, and some other anti-magical
material. Some common things that prevent evil magic are drawn
swords, iron, juniper wood, stale urine, rowan wood, stallions, pins
boiled in milk, and mothan (pearlwort). Burning brands carried
sunwise around a home would ward it from evil influences.

Fairy Etiquette — For some reason fairies consider it insulting
tobe thanked by humans for their good deeds. They especially find
it insulting if they are merely repaying a service done for them. It
is also believed to be improper to speak to a fairy host if taken by
free will. ing in these circumstances causes a fairy to return
the guest to the place of abduction.

Fairy Food — Eating a fairy's food places a person under her
power.

Fairy Houses —Fairies are, of course, supposed to dwell under
hillocks, but in Scotland the people believed they also lived under
stone hearths, or sometimes under houses. The subterranean
houses with stone slabs for roofs and piled stones for walls, discov-
ered in England and Scotland, were believed the houses of fairies.
Theirname, pech houses, also hints that they mighthave been used
by the Picts.

Fairy Stock — The fairy stock is an image of a fairy victim,
usually made of wood, moss or wax, which the faery leaves in place
of the person it kidnaps. If the person is successfully spirited a
before the stock is destroyed, the fairy stock animates and becomes
physically indistinguishable from the original person, adoppleganger.
This "stock" person usually sickens and dies fairly quickly since
people who know the original will begin to notice his quirks.

The Knife in the Door —Ifasked intoa fairy's dwelling, sticking
a knife into the door prevents the fairy from keeping the guest
captive.

The Good Neighbor — The fairies of Scotland always return
favors and often help deserving persons without being asked. They
always repay their debts, so the fairies are known as The Good
Neighbors.

Heather Ale—The brewing of heather ale was a secret known
only to the Picts, and their secret is said to have died with them. The
ale gave second sight (enchanted mortals) and was much prized by
the fairies for this reason. The last two Picts, a father and son, came
before the king of the Scotti who demanded that they tell him the
secretmethod. The father told the king that he would not tell unless
the Scotti killed the man's son. The king immediately plunged a
spear through the young man. After the father was sure of his son's
death, he spat on the king and told him that he thought his son was
too weak to withstand their torture, but he was not. They could
torture and kill him but he would die with the secret. He was right.

Milk — Witches and faeries often steal milk from cows,
transferring it to the their cows or their cauldrons. Milk could also
be stolen by milking the slabhraidh, the pot-chain used to hang a
kettle over a fire.

The Whirlwind— Whirlwinds are supposed to mark the passing
of fairies. If you're quick, and can throw your left shoe, fe, dirt
from a molehill, or your bonnet into the whirlwind, the faeries will
drop what they were carrying. Othertimes, the faeries interfering
mortals some kind of gift or curse. Whirlwinds under faery power also


Jpipw22g pup adoy lo pup] ‘piuop2jo) sar] ao2dpy

ay] "Waaeytpeng pure puepaquing ut Suuaypes "yAnos sypey UaLp
‘sypessou | atp Jo sisazoy atp surys uorax atp ‘sea Sumpeayy "apsjD,
jo Ypuly aya ou pue aing jo aIs] aU premor QTY ayp Suoye prem
NOs [|NPY JO AIS] Woy NE UOYT Jo YEN] Jo stapI0g ay -apAIO)
ayp jo sfueg ayp punore pares puepueay jemsnpur pjo ay

pue |]A8ny sapnjour uoyy Jo ypeny ayy ‘Buryeads Aypex0UID

SMOPeYS Jo preg ‘aysy ‘[foy s,yaouDpaq] Woy —

puny 01 &ys wor

ef Sunaysy ay.

UDW som 2ou0 Woy O |

ayods spun puv

ef Suraysy way

yom Suryy ay.)

uow Jo y2vn | 9Y_ |
Burstwoad Mop pio] sty 02 2g JOstApe 2s9s0]> pue PUaLy 189q SSO
11 pryeptey Mop -ay]90suP ax Jo smopeys axp out pue Wopduunsd
our sayy sdyjs ‘uosy Jo YreN | axp jo Jayna ‘uapAay ‘9]YA axp
Ilv ‘Aue s,epeujeg 01 uawmog ysjaX\ Sutppe pue uaanb ys},
8 Suraey Jo saouanbasuod ayp aregap sajqou ayp se ans e Sursne>
‘ALM pue peroysuy jo Arnvaq ayp jo Suis uno sty jo spreq
ULL ‘SpuRlysi] atp pur eqyy Jowopsury ayp jo uorseaut pay-aypis
© 10} uvjd siapeay zeM SIP] "EIuOpayeD) Ut WopsUury asouTUZAYNOS
AY ‘SII PML JO UdaNe atp ‘studO Auew or wy asiape
nod soy Jo SONU ay] "epeLTEG] UI sways auoAIAAg

"equopayes Jo TYP YIM A|snourAUOUAs WOpSUNy sty Jo
atueu atp Sursn epenyeg jo Suny yStY wny []e> (s1assry-a8re ZayLO
pur) sojqousty ‘suoya sty souoy or Aypasoddng "wop8ury sty jo.az1s
yp paydrupenb sey ay ‘9]!n8 pue y>ny ‘|S YBNoy (-uMGaL 10u
op Aueyy) "spon sit 02 391998 ay puy or BULAN ‘spueyYysIH ayp Nos
Aprejnar siuase stp "etuopajeD jo [Je a]N4 01 sueaun soy Sur
ypeq Aueut
pain] sjeuow ayp asSuoure sxsureaig ayp ‘Aaj Jo ze A atp jo ysna
Jeprur oyp Suunp sani sepeujeq pay sououwo> Auew Ysnorp
-[¥ ‘SwopSury satpo om atp speMp uoNe|ndod oej pue yeuoU
Sq] "eIUOpayeD UL WopSUry |nPaMod asow axp st epeLTEG
*(sepugqa}{ ayp pur 44g) Mopeys pue (Mosse]D) UOI
"(ysanquipy) sag :(saryonp) syzena aatp surequod ay "dn way)
319908 02 pasiod ‘aseaq wad e jo swef aup se adeys st~p auteur
spuryysip] yp JO sue] s9UOUTUIOD AY] "SIMI Jo IS] ay Jo
dy wayiou arp sosseduoous pur ‘spueyysipy aup Surddrys "yuou
pure asam sdaams 11 ysinquipg punore poxayres dia wraisea su WoL
"etuopayeD Jo Weay app UT TuDdsa1D IwaIB B sULIO} ePEUTEG
Kani s,doapoy ‘ueniodgoeyy ysin3uy —
Suing som
ssoy ‘]p0 saxfy "umon yanypo4 ur quer] papivag ay sof papvay pur
And Kut parsazjos ‘soxfuouoy pun Surmog ayn jy yim pa1og 108 |
jsaruun om fo pay ayr av ynypv, fo sppayf arp ffo apos ssoy Suryy
pun 150] jayoy "af soy aw suv imp pad poy maqq fo wopSury
ay wouf sagou ayn foy ‘Bunyiny) paddors ; awn ay <q
-poa, sty {fo paddo ssoy uaym anout 3,upip apy *]J2m sv
aq fo wopSury ay wosf 1ySruy ay pouumss aavy asnut 2] ifjasuy
ssoy 2,uu0 ft upp pun rauaay sty ffo sdu apy -poay ay wi 2uo poos

D sayp) uosy fo wop8ury ayr wosf pr) ay jun spioms apy Cup
arayp Sums Koy] "2ypis aya sof Sunysyf sof sassod wy dows Ksyoua

"mogo Sursunp my 01 a1 Kayp pun ‘apis s Jeyooy 40f S208 aus ay
pun ino sapu us] fo wopSury ayn woaf ooyDk awos ‘Komcuy
iymmap ayn 01 2g 01 Janp ayn sof paysn jay2vy uaym 114 D
dn pauany apy js4apso s,yrry 4nok fo SunsnBsip asow ays uana morjof
01 St 21 pavy uuop moy mowy nox *puno48 ano pumis 01 sn pasap1o
sdooa ypoys purpy3ip] ay fo a8vyo ws uridoo oypis uunp ay) ‘ou
Img * urpaayq v pun ,unvag v 4of 1yStu jnfanvag v som 1 Jv Aarfo ‘snp
w pavmiof pauvis 2avy pynom puv pamoy sarviu au pun aA
1 S&vs ,,‘syaay ajgou sty aands,,
shvs ay ,,"2s0y avf ayp auvds o,,
1y8if ayn 22s 01 uoruivy> fo 1sa1U09 v 40f sq
pun uap6o] sap mo uaym o1-aavay pod v sof ,uuanvjs svm | Koq
pup ‘y4ny04 fo apismo raw saruun ays ‘ap01 aut 01 x09 Suma
"pulue ut aD ays poy ay auns ut,] "anmnf ayn ur 440m
Jof som 11 ury) Jayio ‘aun ay) 1D yonu Kos 2,upIp aH] "421409 syuoUL
maf v souupuaoisw fo young v pun aut pasty ‘puny 1y314 ,ssoy ‘uapho7]
29m] ng ‘aans 4af ayDf v som san] ay) WY SurCvs 10U WL] MON
«P44, 2) UO 4vM Suuypoap jarwrpaucuy
£q papuodsas ssoy "soy isumSp ‘afim spug ‘Jayavy yum papts
ma fo wop3ury ayp fo sajqou ayy "41ay sty sp ssoy Sunuu ‘puoy
s,parog wi kypasoddns ‘sana] » paanpoad ssoy ‘parp macy fo wop3ury
ayn fo pag Bury wayyy "aruaan?y ‘2ysrars nok 298 11, 3Ng ‘BD suv9k
4nof sxva | pun mac fo apavg ay aw pauaddvy wym mogn say fo 10)
D pavay Kyqvgqoxd 20, nok ‘29a/qns a4oanf aut ‘2ySif fo unyvads
"apd{Q ay onu pun mossy]D ySnosys amas ‘uo asuafac]
uniansv]Q ay2 fo spo] 2y2 pun ‘au pauiyg oym 49y90U PjO ay
‘oBunyy yof ede pasvyo wana apy "flasuary sapnivg arp fo sow pay
2H "Kay fo any amp fo syaam asayf ays Suuunp sjaaym uo ja} ‘2anposd
01 sana s,uorpkmy asnopy sv 42p[rj V pod v sv s,a}] "MIpa19 ssoy
Suny aa vno8 | ‘asinoa fo ‘ssoy yyy {24M1s | pnoys a1ayp\
(Rds v Suiaq
do2pe4 D 01 Uo yo1v> 1,upmnom atay punoav ayprs ay) Dy) MoU o1
ySnoua ramus 249m nok aouis ‘ssv] ‘p01 yans Kq papuaffo aq o110u NOK
aundif 1) *Kds v sp ‘aquaanZy ‘nok 01 puv sanysif v sv sarwaua sty pur
ssoy youd pura' wys on fraskus pjos aa,] ‘un wy 2aUWg "spunpyy
ayn wosf y90q 108 | way pautvg pun Kyo4O Ua[D AWaU padjaym svm |
‘UL ID2 Spo] AwLIDYM say "YsMBUYy aU 7179 UDI NOK Inq ‘uDLUodS Ivy
snuy s,auvu Ky "fyasinok yv2 01 1uvM nok asja sanamyn
pun ‘syp] Psy fo wopSury aya fo uaaney ‘studyo Kpo7 OL
wungy2ouung aw weeds ‘weyers aueysuruUN: "g"y —
uon
-pusSput moym wog ‘sn Suouw aap somuaua pas nC *s]]v9 2ousnf
uaym puodsas 01 Y2mb "yof snoxaUa8 pup wai v sana asam Kaya
4of ‘ysySuq aya r0U au wstpuonvyy ysmi0og fo sawaua ayy

DpDIYJDQ)
{o wopBut

"puLapsTys ve OUT JUNO sty SuIssor Aq AaIpIqR
3urdid snoure sty paatasas 4[pasoddns joys Surdid uourw
tp jo sapunoy Arepuada] ayp ‘uourumyseyy ppeuog yoa|doa


Kang s,dospoy ‘ueniodgoeyy ysinsuy —

2qqnxayf axv Kays ing s12n0] read aq 104 Cow ySonys
wy? pavay skompo 20,1 ‘T2A\ °°""1S ING ‘NOK puru smopoys
ay) Ut Kuo "4n02 ww waPs Bu19q yoHRAD fo yppr s,24949 mou Ing
‘Suopo 1po uvfd s,uap627] waag aavy Cour ‘smouy oy,yy "ss0y
uo ds 01 12s SoM YyoRAE) Paw aUO Ing ‘mou Or 1UDM
2,Uop | Wana way) 4of pip ay sxoavf wy/A\ ‘mo3sv]D Jo siamas
ay) Ur ways yim r901UOD app UapCaT| "yonAas Kayp soMNaWOS
pun ‘Sunaym puv sSupm ays o1 pauarsy Kay] "paysrom
Koy.L "samp ay fo yuns aya or spurpydipy ayy ur somos
yay) pareuuos pup yung 241 fo sioo4 ayn ySnosys soBvssod
Uappry punof Svunct-ung ayp ‘s1amas rsuxf ayn yng aydoad ays
uay/A\ "2U0Is ays UI saztaa49 pup saJoy ays wi aay] YM UaWOM
youn ysonys ay ‘Spung-upg ays fo souors pavay skoayp
] ‘2a uw spunpydipy ay 01 uaag a,uanvy | ysnoyy

; Bowang-uDg oY LL

"epeuyeg Jo sajgou axp jo
sade au Ur sBuruooUOYs IsaBFig s;Bury ay aze ‘uIOY Ue ss9y YoU
‘uaonb Jo Y>e] SOY pur aouasaid s,ysenys ay "wey s,uyUD
Jo sayqou atp ayjns or Sunzeas st sostape ysenys mou stp
"roqureyppaq s8ury
yp 40} wry pouopuege aaey o2 staas Ose OSU SeLNG-tEg
s,uapo7] "pooupapyta sty 02 sSuN]> sso opty ‘durrus v aut099q sey
2 avy on sti99sf pudty Pjo sty salud mou Apso]
wey aaayjaq AUEPY ‘AEMOND sioWNE Jao ang ‘a1}asUQ ay
yim uone1D0sve uado- mou s,u9pA97] 02 step aaNquMAe sayqou ayp Jo
SOY ‘AIe] Jo OM aY UaAALIAg UAOUS sey YU INg ‘MOAR, SOY
2240 sem UapAa7] "Uoa] Jo YEN | atp jo ssaursng Aep-or-Aep ayp suru
uopdor] ayng ‘suapieg so1uyy\ ayp Japun adejed sty wor
"uny puayo 10U arep uTe~pry ay
Jo IsoUt ssand UeD NOA SY "spjoyaayy atp) Jo sou UO sa1OU ax SUMO
ada a} ""WopSury sty Ur saoejd Sursnpord-snowre]S ayp Jo sour
UMO 02 UIOd  2I sayeUT ssOY "aBeUTEP IsoWH 9 S2OP YDIYA 2D4YO
ayesa-]ea1 au S11 ‘s} YaeY UYLIN se aarssaudun se ang "yseuEyeag]
sdse9 UYU UApOH Bt UE "Je I aAoge sary ‘Au0] yang
(Seung v UEYA 298Fiq st yoy ‘Bey soy ueUOID-oNPOH-oT|eYg
1 s]Je> OF aying OYM 22yxD0U atp "YsoruPFEYy Aaypoo "onsafeur
pure Surytuia st aovped ay] ‘suaavay atp premor dem stay Sure]
Spans ay 19a0 Suuaad suor pue suos[ey 2]Ao81eT yn s9M0r
sayye JM01 das UD UTE~pLY up Ing ‘o4jo ayerso-TeaL e st Sutras
Jeuow sy ‘sraquieyc) Aa15 atp Bure ‘azayp st ‘aoeped ssoy ‘yoy
Suffup "arenbg o81095 1e ayes epeuyeg Jo stapeay ay
"spjoypay yeraaas asoddns 01 uno
jouued sip Moye kare peoy said atp jo siaweaig pur saua]yes we
SUL "PUg 39/Q\ PaT]y-snowE]H ayp punore saysn]o vey AUEYY
preg uapdurepy pure apasec sBep peg Yo]]Og Jo awoY axp ose st
Y] "YH AOU St ANg ‘Atpyeam azouL YnUET st Rare SITY "Ua/IAyNY se
ypns ‘sdiysunor parezodioour atp pur ao8se]D Jo sqinqnsa1a19u09

paueys 20u sey yuRg WaYANOS ay] "Isa JayLNy ay] "wNJs URDU Oo
dUIOD Sey LULU aSOYN ‘SJEGIOH "wILAI [EGO] SIaBUEY IURISMOIg
Apmos ayp 01 awoy st xoug] "Ansnput Surddiys ayp jo aurppap aya

ayp say] premtpnog "Ard qeY>sayy ap Jo UoHeUAANiar ayp Ut

‘wioyy pazaaoga1 19Aau sey ‘Is9M ayLY ayp *ULAOD ‘spooysoqysiou
padajiaudiapun aarp are sau ay jo sueq ax UO papmoss
-zood pue ypu jo sexu ates ay sey UR WaYNos ay]
-peoy sa1dg Aqzeau yo sdoys
pue sqye> sunejnums ‘saroysyoog ‘sqnjaaystu ay
uoddnsosje stuapmasay J "pug 3s9 9) at UeY MOdsE{O OU ayy
aunquaa 02 pau ou aary Aayp reyp Aes AueU uk "UMOI Jo apis sit

apres

areuTWop uapmag "wasn aaoxBuLAjay pue yLg AAowBULAJay
‘ATED Uy UOUNUN] ‘ArIsIaATUA] MOssE[D Jo aWOY axp St SI],
"pug asa/q\ aup st axenbg 281095 Jo apis 194 ay UG ‘asnoyusasH
ueuoIsi, & ‘92e[eg JqUL/Y atp suIofpe SuIpying youg "ueLOID!A,
sp jo 9peq ay "suaZMID ax jo sama ay Suyyjorxs wnasnut
© ‘aged sajdoag ayy sisoy URAID MOAI "uIIUG UL yEd
sapfo atp Aypauiodund ‘uaaig mosise]C pur ‘sq | ayp Woy sarep
YpIYA ‘jespaypes MoBse]D are siods aarystuq om si] ‘Buyssaadap
Apres pue umop uns st ay "mo8se[D Jo adda adAoaiors s,a]dood
oul 1 puodsaui0s 01 spuar pue ura AUPJEaN siKp apIsFuoye
sol] pug sey aL "UY Jo JooUDS atp pue ‘AusIAATUA, MOBSL]D Bur
-ph}pu1 ‘sa89]]09 Jes9Aas pue UaUTUAAO8 ]eI0] Jo Iwas aU U
pure .yueq quiou jo ueay au are Ard TUEYpIayy Puke arenbg 981095
spug_ 3s9¥\ pur aseq ay pue AaID IEYDIaW ‘arenbg a81095,
ou! paplalp st pue wayrnos ay uELp afeosdn aiour AyperaUAS st
yueq WayYOU ay | "9pA}D ayp Jo sxuKg aYp UO sayy MOTSE]D
Kang] s,doopay ‘ueniodgoeyy ysinsuy —
Kddoy aw sayoue amp pun ‘s1ayonwy 200) s1ayp 10m
aypts sou ayUL 01 UNO? sp UI SYLoMUOA PjO PuD KoDap yBnoua [Jus
sauaya ‘Ing *C219 uur Iso S, wHOILAg] 11 1p09 Kay J "sIsUNOD yu,
pun sdoys y>0uy-21 yr1m 21 paoy}des pun aud rsauoy fo s4akv] maf
» ffo padvios aavy aypts pun supuny ay ng "arp axow pun (suinys)
s]0q408 axout 219m a4ay. | "2q 01 pasn 11 uO} ay) 1,USt MOISH]D

moBspjh

modse[O) st way sit ang ‘Y]ABIY Ur sar] epeUTEC Jo WOPSUIy avy
yp jo jnos reyp Aes Auepy ‘suosTAtIA sit pue Aa19 AUB Jo JONUOD Yoo
pur Awaua atp pareayap Aatp axayan mo3se]H 01 4>"q WALD P9] ssOY
"| A8ny Jo ayprs Arysru ayp ut drystapeay pure asaz punoy stas001 0}
sty pur uapiey ‘you pay moBse{Q Jo aypis yp ayy
‘9920) AuuOsHeay B O1U SA>PUq?}{
aauur ayp pue ]]ABIY jo aypIs ayp poroypEd ssoy ‘yeuLyeaq]
pue aye siep pr Ay "ys au wo4y |]>4 *(OH9eD ‘Sunaysy) yoeuepeaq,
‘Spiomsieaus sty pur ysey 1ys1uq ese aratp ‘xOme ssOY TUALHOU! Up
VY "aM YO] UE 9Ist [HeYsTUT UO aNypAYoePY UepD Jo SUI UAIOUE
yp ze Suruteg sty Jo Burs unos sty Jo spreq ayy Aaj Jose, ap UL
red sty ueSag ay reep auatp seat pur] ABry Ur ‘uneUITTY Ur LOG

sea Suruiaas uewny stp] "AnuNoD siyp jo sypAY pue sojst‘SyDO] ay

Ur ple] az Yorym suoNepuUNoy ayp ‘epeUTEG Jo Wopsur, 29D)
JUAIUE atp WY WoPSUPy sty 10} aUTeU AYA Yoo ssoY ,s]aeD,
ayp Jo Arepunog, 10} 1]9e ‘Popmysray Woy paatiap st ]ABIY

"vag Ysuy aup pue
SIH 2231 Jo wopsury ayp ae sauepunog wWarpnos su SYEU [LY


Tinker's Oamn

She and I have an understanding. [call her "puss-wog," and she
calls me something in Gaelic which means "fatherer of sheep." (I've got
tostudy my native tongue some more; there's some lovely cussin' init.)

— Anguish MacSporran, Redcap's Diary

Lora Barnes, a grump nocker, owns one of the few freeholds
to make it through the War of Ivy untouched. After the sidhe
routed the Glaswegian Defense Union in The "69, she calmly
marched back into Glasgow and put out her "open" sign.

Lorna specializes in music machines. These chimerical mon
strosities incorporate Lowland pipes, drums, whistles, organs,
tambourines, fiddles and harps all caterwauling at the same time.
Atthe worst of times they sound like a gollach tied to a tree just in
sight of an orgy, but when they are working in harmony, the sidhe
nobles clammer for them.

The Shadows' CDarkez

Oooch, that place will make aredcap's short hairs stand up and

salute! A bully, killer or thief can always find an employer there
Anguish MacSporran, Redcap's Diary

Every new moon the Unseelie gather in a new location fora
marketplace of thievery, plotting, scandal mongering and gener-
ally as many low-down forms of commerce as one might suspect
The Shadows' Market has only allowed Unseelie sidhe into its
enclave of late, and it is are forbidden to bring others without
permission, and they may not use any of their noble Arts.

An Unseelie satyr named Fearchar runs the market, and his
whispered commandments are law under the moonless sky

Termmnus Wesz

"Levis? You want a costume shop, Chucky. We specialize in

Schrodinger fashion. Fashion is what you conceive it to be... If you
don't have the brainpower, let your mum dress you — I won't."
Trellis McGavin, Hollow One

Terminus West is unobtrusive from the outside. It seems like
one of the several other red-brick storefronts on Byres Road. But
step inside and you are confronted with Malaysian and African
totems and neon lights that run the length of the store. Tin panels
are bolted to the floor, and the walls are festooned with loose
Christmas lights and posters from local bands. Books on philoso-
phy and non-Western religion peer out between stacks of folded
clothes. Bolts of cloth and newspapers spill over the tops of rickety
tables salvaged from bins around the local campus,

Wander around long enough, and Trellis, a middle-aged
black woman, will grill you on your beliefs. If you pass her muster
as an open-minded and intelligent person, she just might sell you
a book or make you some clothes.

Trellis is a Hollow One, although she prefers to call herself a
Constructivist. She is the titular head of a group of four other
Hollow Ones who live in the West End. She knows of the strong
fae presence in Glasgow, but only knows Anguish personally. One
of her favorite customers is Agnes Ranald, a Brujah. Her visits
ensure debates that go long into the night. Trellis is eager to find
out more about the Kindred in the city


The Tuach ofOew

Into your hands I place the jewel of Dalriada, the flower of
Caledonia. In my name I charge you to guard and nurture its
Dreamers well.
— King Ross of Dalriada, The Investiture of Duchess Flora
The Tuath of Dew extends from Falkirk and Quothquan to
the west, to the Firth of Forth, and along the southcoast to the
Moorfoot Hills, where it borders the Kingdom of Three Hills.

Cdindurgh

Edinburgh is even more lousy with tourists than Glasgow. You
can't swing a dead boggan without bringing down a couple of Yanks,
a Jappo, two street performers and a pickpocket

— Anguish MacSporran, Redcap's Diary

In the middle ages Edinburgh was called Dunedin, or Din
Eidyn (fort of iden), and still has a strong medieval quality. The
heart of Edinburgh is divided into Old Town and New Town. Old
Town includes the daunting Edinburgh Castle, which is situated
on the craggy remains of an ancient volcano. Although most the
streets of Old Town are known for winding routes, The Royal Mile
(and it's almost exactly a mile) is a straight shot linking the castle
with the queen's residence, the Palace of Holyroodhouse. (The
holy rood is a cross of gold within an ivory figurine of Christ. It
purportedly contains a piece of the true cross.) Down from the
castle is the Witches Fountain, which marks the spot where
hundreds of women met their fiery doom. Further still is the Scotch
Whisky Heritage Centre, where anyone can learn the history and
techniques of Scotland's pride and joy. The High Kirk of St. Giles,
where the Scottish Kirk began, lies nearly midway down the Royal
Mile. Past the queen's palace is Holyrood Park, which isa bit of the
old wilderness that once surrounding Edinburgh (including loch,
crag and moor).

New Town isa little older than the United States, and is laid
out in an impressive grid system. Its buildings tend to be either
Neoclassical or Victorian. This section of town contains many of
Edinburgh's important art collections: The National Gallery of
Scotland, The Scottish National Portrait Gallery and the Scottish
National Gallery of Modern Art.

Salon de [ora

Ahh, the fragrances of your blooms under starlight, the dulcet
cantata, the colors flashing to life by candlelight. Bless you, mum, for
these lingering moments of rapture.

— lolaire MacDonald, Toreador Lieutenant to Duchess
Flora, after one of her candlelight suppers

Salon de Flora is an upscale flower boutique run out of a
Georgian storefront off Princes' Street. Behind the store isa formal
garden where Flora Sinclair entertains the cream of Edinburgh's
society. Flora is the Duchess of Edinburgh, but she makes little
pretense of her court. Except fora few fae confidants, there is staff
A consummate organizer and hostess, she juggles Ross' agents,
Glynis' spies and even the servants of the Toreador prince with
ease. An invitation to the Salon de Flora is an invitation to an
artistic event, abanquet of Glamour. Ifa fae is lucky, he might carry
away one of Flora's dross-leaden orchids.

96 Isle of che CDighcy

Yes, I've been to Covenant House! It's in the Old Town, just
off the Royal Mile. Take a left onto Castle Wynd, then look for the
fourth alley, or was it the second? No, it's in Cannongate, right
passed the.... What did you ask me again?

— Uninnseann, Bard of Shadows

The Covenant House's arcane nature renders it unnoticed
but to the mages who make it their home. The house is a simple
beam-and-lintel Tudor-style building. Five mages and their ap-
prentices carry out the work of the Auld Covenant from its
charmed walls. One curiouseffect ofthe place is that the longerone
stays, the longer one can remember how to return. The mages who
have lived here for years can leave for weeks at a time, but many a
young apprentice hashad tobe found and escorted back when they
have strayed too long. A room on the second floor that looks out
onthestreet was once Michael Scot's room. This toomis leftempty
should the chantry's founder ever return.

Gollachs Ceihdh

The horny gollach's an awesome beast,

Souple an' scaley;

He has twa horns an a hantel o' feet

Ana forky tallie.

—AncientRhyme inscribed on thedoorofGollach'sCeilidh

Located off Cowgate, this pub and performance space is a
favorite among the fae attending the Fringe Festival. The front
dooris carved oak with a rather ribald engraving of asatyr. The pub
snakes around the innards of a large block of buildings. When
wandering its depths, new customers are always surprised when a
narrow passage suddenly opens up into another stage area or bar.

This freehold is owned by Baron Orson Monro, a satyr with
more musical connections than Ossian. He pulls in first-rate acts
from all over Britain, Canada and America. During the festival, the
Gollach's Ceilidh usually runs two to three acts a day. Since many of
the performance spaces can be rented for private gatherings, his place
often hosts mods staged by the Bardic College, and the tuam of The
Hallows. Baron Orson Monro holds court in a private stage behind
the main bar. There, basking in the limelight-balefire, he settles
disputes and gives private performances of his own plays and songs.

The Edindurgh Incernacional
Fescival andthe [-ringe Lescival

The Edinburgh International Festival is actually a combina-
tion of many smaller festivals: Edinburgh Book Festival, Edinburgh

Film Festival, Edinburgh Intemational Jazz Festival, Edinburgh
Children's Festival, Edinburgh Folk Festival and Edinburgh Sci-
ence Festival. If the events of these festivals aren't enough, the
Fringe Festival attracts thousands of avant-garde performers, the-
atre groups and artists.

The festival has grown since its beginnings in 1947. The
Fringe Festival alone stages more than 600 performances each year.
Each night of this month-long event is capped with a traditional
military tattoo at the castle. Pipe bands from all over the world
perform at the tattoo, along with Highland dancers and singers.



The Natlows

Hallows — (from Celtic mythology) The regalia or
emblems of empowerment wielded by a king or hero, often the
object of a quest. The 13 Curiosities of Britain and the Grail
are examples of a culture's hallows

The Hallows is a secret society within House Eiluned.
Its purpose is to track down fae (sidhe) artifacts (talismans
and chimera) from the times before the Shattering. The
members concentrate on the conventional European or
Celtic culture of the fae. Most use what they can learn from
the fragmentary knowledge of other fae, but their richest
resources come from human folk tales, myths and legend.
Most members are experts in this lore.

The Hallows contains a mix of both courts and all
political philosophies, although Traditionalists abound due
to the nature of the Hallows' work. Reformers within the
society wish to admit members of other houses. They point
to the successes of the once-opposed commoner fae, such as
Margaux de Desiree. Modernists, especially the Unseelie
factions, wish to pursue new talismans and chimera. The
Traditionalists frown on all of these ideas. They see the
established methods of subversion, seduction, eavesdrop-
ping and the use of their cantrips to be methods more apt for
gathering information.

The Hallows has an informal structure; the members of
House Eiluned know that they will keep some secrets from
each other. However, members cannot afford to keep too
many secrets for they often need help investigating leads or
recovering items. Although not adverse to doing a little
treasure finding, most members of The Hallows prefer to
manipulate others into risking life and limb for the artifacts
they search for. Members aid each other by supplying
information useful for coercing, bribing and blackmailing
their stooges...or agents.

The Hallows holds gatherings called tuam (Gaelic for
vault) during major festivals that its members already at-
tend. On the lsle of the Mighty, the International Eisteddfod,
the Trooping of the Colour (the queen's birthday) and the
Edinburgh International Arts Festival provide a venues
members of The Hallows to meet, plot and admit new
members.

Ivis at these meetings that the society also appoints its
leadership, the Archivists. The three Archivists hold their
positions for life. Archivists decide the fate of the artifacts
that the society recovers. They also deal with problems that

yarise. The Archivists have little compunction for hiring
rs of the Monkey's Paw if their society or an artifact
is in danger. (See Nobles: The Shining Host.)

ie) The Tuach of Shadouus:

he Isle of Skye and the
orides

Bethag's the countess of the Tuath of Shadows. During The 69
she personally pulled Ross' bannock out of the when a Glaswegian
nocker sicced a steam bull on him. The chimerical bull had backed
Ross into one of the defunct iron refineries of Govan when Bethag
showed up and gelded it.

— Anguish MacSporran, Redcap's Diary

The warm waters of the Little Minch separate the Inner and
Outer Hebrides. The Inner Hebrides include Skye, Mull, Islay and
Jura. The Outer Hebrides, or Western Isles, include Lewis and
Harris, North and South Uist, Benbecula, Barra, Saint Kilda and
the Flannan Islands. Although most of the 500 or more islands are
rocky and wet, others, like Skye and Lewis, are so large that their
topography cannot be pigeonholed. Skye contains hill, moor,
mountain and hundreds of miles of rocky coastline.

The Tuath of Shadows is ruled not by a noble, but by a Ross'
warlord, Bethag of House Scathach. Her tale begins with the
Pennons Massacre and the Battle of Thirteen Duels.

Ross, who only ruled the Kingdom of Iron, cast his eyes on the
Hebrides and the Western Isles. For years the Isles had been home
to commoner clanns. He wanted to change that.

Ross sent Leyden and tried a new tactic of conquest. Count
Leyden tried to make pacts with the commoner lairds, hoping to
eventually convert them into his vassals, and then replace them
with sidhe nobles. Ross never understood the clanns. The clanns
had their own squabbles, but things were relatively peaceful at the
time. With all of the resulting alliances, the scales were balanced.
Ross' stupidity knocked everything out ofkilterand threw open the
doors to the hounds of slaughter.

One of the clanns from Lewis, Clann Eye, accepted Ross' help
and managed to evict most of its rivals from the islands in general.
Asa good-will gesture, Ross sent 10 of his personal guards to mark
the Pennons Festival in the hall of the laird of Clann Eye. The
guards were to joust, showing the poor commoners how pretty and
dangerous they were. Funny, a knight still can't outrun a bomb.
Everyone in the hall was killed in the blast.

When he heard the news, Ross lost his head and said he would
knight and give title to any sidhe who could subdue the Isles. For
months the ambushes and battles raged from Mull to Lewis.
Suddenly, the sidhe nobles who were trying to subdue all those
fearsome childings and grumps were called out, one-by-one, by an
unknown sidhe warrior (in single combat, no matter the weapons)
The gray-haired woman defeated them all and sent them home in
shame without their swords. The commoners went wild and the
clanns threw in behind her, but she refused to lead an army. Instead,
the wandering knight delivered the arms of all the warriors she had
defeated to Ross. Bethag had come back to collect her boon.

eS SRS
RV RALRAL RE

Bethag, standing amid the swords of 13 sidhe warriors,
to be put in charge of the Isles. Much to the noble's surprise, Ross
granted her request without hesitation. After all, she subdued the
Isles. He made her Countess of the Tuath of Shadows, Warlord of
the Isles

Bethagisamember of House Scathach. The fact thatshe took
a position as one of Ross' vassals makes her one of the most

unpopular members of a shunned house

Unmnseanns Troch

I'm not sure who will read this in the end, so 1 would like
you to know myname is Uninnseann (oo NIN shane), which
means ash, My mother calls me a Verbena, my lover calls me
an Eestatic, but they're both wrong. I'ma bard. A few months
ago, at the Bardic College on Skye, there wasa real big throw-
down on our mission. Fae, mage, SI ind Garou have
been coming together for years on that isle in honor of the
MacCrimmons, the pipers of legend, to put aside our polities.
But a bunch of hot-headed — and by that time of night
inebriated — musicians can only talk about music and the
weather for so long.

J wandered out into the rain to cool off and soon found
myself with Alasdair, bard to Queen Glynnis of Three Hills,
and Tam, a Garou over from Northern Ireland. Tam wasn't
abrute, He hada lanky frame and dark hair that was plastered
to his head ashe shuffled behind Alasdair. | had taken a shot
of Glenfhada, that magic whisky Ihave when I'm around fae.
It allows me to see them as they truly are. Alasdair seemed
unscathed by the rain, but his usually lively face was grave.

"Uninnseann, | beg your help!" he said. He drew us
down with him into the puddles outside the cottage. "The
Bardic College must haye protection, and we must provide it
forthem, | have spoken with Tam, but I need your help too!"

It was there, consecrated by rain, one of the sacred
waters of life, that we pledged to compile a bardic Domesday
Book, an account of what we know of the supernatural, With
this knowledge, we can bargain with any force that opposes
us. Perhaps, the more progressive members can even use the
book to work for change, unite the fae, repair the relations of
the Traditions...

The Bardic College

Poetry goes through walls of brick

or stone or mud or any

solid, visible substance

What's heard in that?

A slender plant can do it

Walls of silence — they are the test

or walls we face on parting

Tessa Ransford, "Poetry Goes Through Walls"

The Bardic Col s a Secret association of master human,
fae, mage and Garou artists. It began ap of musician friends
of Alasdair, now chief bard to Queen Glynis of Three Hills. As the
artists learned from each other and from the heritage of the bard,
they decided to meet more frequently and formally. They chose

Chapcer five: Caledoma, Land of Nope and Becrayal

TWanryy

Skye to honor the McCrimmon pipers of old and because they
thought Bethag to be a likely ally, if needed.

There is no set path fora bard. They do not fit into one mold.
Human members are pipers, singers and fiddle players from all
walks of life. They all share some tie to the
for magical beings: Garou, mages and fae. All are Acolytes, Kinfolk
or Kinain. Sometimes unruly but fun bards "borrow" (kidnap) and
enchant human master musicians for wild jam sessions. (No, the
bards are not hiding Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix or

Elvis!)

The Caledonii follow many bardic conventions. Possibly the

ledonii, the fae word

oldest is of the fae minstrel. Seelie musicians play to instruct and
entertain, but there is an equally strong tradition of the Unseelie's
use of musical powers to entrap and misguide.

Many of the Verbenic bards follow the lessons of the Celtic
harpists. They divide their interests between philosophy, folklore
and music. Their main purposes are to question and to teach.

The Eestatics revel in Celtic culture and lore. The Cult of
Ecstasy produces some of the best pipers in Scotland. This has led
toan unusual branch of Ecstatics who crave the experience of mir-
cath (the joyous frenzy of battle) or crth-gaisge (quiverings of valor)
by performing their music and magick. Their purpose is to inflame
or create passion on the battlefield or in the sports arena.

Thememberselecta Nadurrachd (NAD-urr-uch), Gaelic for
natural instinct, to preside over their meetings. This officer also

oversees the applications of journeymen who are to become

masters of the college. These artists must compose and perform
masterpieces to be accepted. If even one of the current masters
disapproves of a piece, it must be discarded, not mended. Fortu-
nately, there is no limit to the number of applications. Journeymen
enter the college when a master submits their names for member-
ship. Some of the masters are quite paranoid. As Garou, mage and
fae masters attempt to ferret out spies in the college, the poor
journeyman's life and deeds are soon known to all.

Originally, the group kept its political views quiet, but as
members have grown to know each other's music, so have they also
learned to understand each other's backgrounds and views. Fae
bards have expressed their worries as they learn about the Tech-
nocracy and the Wyrm. Mages have grown excited about what
they call the "fae paradigm" and their hopes fora new world. Garou
have hungered for the wyld of the fae and the chance to fight the
Wyrm and Weaver-ridden Technocracy. The few humans of the
college have marveled at the larger world revealed to them. But. as
members' knowledge has grown, the dynamism of the Bardic
College has naturally brought the group to the precipice. Will the
bards remain individual masters of lore?

Alasdair, an Ecstatic fiddler, a Fianna andasidhe have set out
to produce a new Domesday Book for Caledonia. It is a listing of
mystical places, fae holdings, Garou septs, Tradition cabals and
whatever other information that can be found conceming the
Technocracy.

Braolauch shi
(The Fairy Flay)
Many different stories exist about the Fairy Flag,

susie wea given toa MacLeod when hisfaswitshad eadepart
(toArcadia?). Other legends say it was given tothe MacLeods
by the queen of the fae. Whatever the source, the legends of
its powers are more constant. The flag summons aid from the
otherworld, conferring victory to the MacLeods. The
MacLeods were only granted three uses of its power. After
the third and final use, the standard and its bearer are to be
bore back to the land of the fae. Common legend holds that
the flag has been used twice: during the battle of Glendale in
1490, and at the Battle of Trumpan in 1580. Both times the
MacLeods were victorious. The nature of the aid is not set.
Once it is said to have doubled the number of warriors on the
MacLeods' side. Other accounts state that the MacLeods'
skill and fierceness were doubled. The Flag's mystique has
lasted into modern times. During World War II, MacLeod
pilots carried plenures of i into battle to protect them.

Ounvegan Caszle, Skye

Hold fast!

— MacLeod clan motto.

Dunvegan castle was once only entered via the sea, but the
presentstructure, extensively rebuilt in the 1800s, now hasa bridge
from the mainland. A well-groomed garden stretches behind the
rectangular-shaded castle and its mock pepperpot turrents. Al-
though the MacLeod chieftain still dwells there, the castle is now
also the temporary home to the many tourists who visit.

Fae blood still runs strong in the MacLeods. This may have
influenced the MacLeod lairds who never participated in the
Highland Clearances.

ix Chreig (The False Den),

he Callanish Standing Scones

Thave walked the path of the Shining One and felt its power.

— Turing Leaf, Dreamspeaker Adept

This site is one of the most interesting in all Britain. It is
relatively unknown, and therefore one of the most remote and
best-preserved mystic sites. The locals still visit on May Day and
Midsummer's Day, despite the Kirk's protestations.

The ruins consists of 27 stones that form a rough cross. The
center of the cross isa circle of 13 stones with a centerstone. Other
stone circles and two caemns are nearby

On Midsummer's Day itis said the "Shining One" will stride
the avenue of stone. Other traditions speak of a priest-king ftom a
foreign land, all clad in feathers, whose dark-skinned servants


"Aap auo8 sey eruopayes jo [fom avaul ay J "as9Up WY yay pue
snorosuo3un wiry awaq 9UPASIY 3G] "9m Se BULAID sem prempy
Jey oNEW 3,upIpy] ‘suApnas sty jo auo Aq SuLdu9 punojaq or
padenag pur porerytuuny a]9y wine) "saava] Waa ut pa19A0>
‘padueyp sem preapy "siuapnas sty jo auo UeURLNg preatf
sea "uNY apisaq ‘axa pue raaj sty or adeay ay ‘paps
stpdap woy dn Suyam ‘sdzasuy siy ae Surddey sven aay oy
[un ‘asseaaus ayp jo sapis atp Suryoany> spuey sty ‘uN & 40}
paHi9 af 'stea) 01 paaout seas ay UOSEDL AMOS 104 "19109981101
payjem pue jood aup ort paddans aunysig 4g] ‘snouncy
"aanssyy
daap v sem food atp jo sipeu ayp ay "yea payed Aq paunsoy
24am ang ‘UOIS YALA prepUE OU azaM sapts sit adaoxa "ye
uewoy & a4] pax] WaALD ay ‘Jood & paurANo YyTyA
‘ojonto saypeurs e yam paquosut a1am sauorssey auOIsoUT] SUI
pur punos sem woos ay J "saquieyp payjnea-mo| ‘a3ny e owt
pouado ay ‘JauuM aunUadies axp poxpeA 0120p ayp "Yy>102
& Suiqqeig "aiessed paury-auois ‘padurez> ev pa[easu0 a]
‘AYSIU auO are] Sum apy Vo1YJo sty Jo OY ay UO qe|s
ayqreur asooy @ uo paddans aurysig 4c] oe sreaK may y

pupj209¢ Jo joo({ useapg ay |.

ny spjH y2vn |

"epeuyec Jo ssoy Sury se uaru ae sty Ut
umouy ‘surysiq []assmy ‘FUoNg sty st siuapms aaenpess sty or sTuEL
qysruprur jo yaszea Joryo ay ue oy Jape JOypO s,sUP|SIg
"euuiop 21uOUOD9 pJod s,tuN]ED) asurese aduapiAa
Se sash preMpy YIYA Som arenpesZiapun Apaaty UKO sty YIN
paiuoyuos uaya Aqferadso ‘quapms pjo sty ynesse or parduane
sey DUTYSIy suOIseDd0 JeIDAAS UC ‘aseI B OUI aUTYSIy Iq] spua
sdunaout ayp re aouasaud stp] -ayt] Ut suoss] :are Ay Wey IO} URI
344 01 Sa]e2 JO} AYP JO} sansze LeUEYONG "YOIDENAP [ED0A ISOUL SI
st ‘ueueyong prempy ‘stuapnis arenpes3-xa s,uinyed) Jo UG)
"spuan a1uo0UoDa pue ]e>1T0]0I90s Jo sIoYsIpaud
ay Yayey epuom
UaNbasuoout ae 240]

se Yuom ajgenjeaur aaey Aoup rey sume
pue jorjaq Jo suonepunoy ax 40 we se ye
pur suonipen Jo} Moy aquasap 02 sjooyps eins Ut suOIssas jeuON
-onusut SuIpjoy Jo puoy Osfe st aUrysIy "4G] "pazAyeuR pue pagord
‘pouey aq ued sjarjaq Jo [Je Aaya saUOIeIOge] sty 1 WOPstAL
Lo} ULeENb Jo saaryaue Suray asaup Sung 1 ajqe uayo st aurysIy
‘saluedwiod }10 pue sisi[eUsNpUT wos sUOLNgNUOS snoIUas
01 ang "wep JO Youeas UE spur] NOT] Pue spuE;YsIE] ayp sinods
‘stossajod aersosse pur siuapnis arenpesd sty yt Suoye ‘aUPAs1y
Aq Buypaig ae siejoyps ayp 40} auydiosp sou ajoym e porea1

stueaic]
ayqeynuengy, ‘uoneuassip Suryeaiqpunoss saurysry 4g

‘saidojoapy Jo sounbiq7] ur stueunuarag a1uOU:

"yBnonp yoann Surog ‘8ny Ajjear e aAUp
01 ysnous fig Surueaug ax ysnowp yrems e sand ‘aurysrg wpe:

1] ‘uiejuNeG snoureyuT s,pueprodg jo diysropes| ayp z9puN syom,
yprya ‘siaydesZouypza peoneuey jo dnoud styy -uonesynuengy

axop{fog 4} aaMaNsUT Sug ayy ‘Ayaryp ‘Burparg jo Ausi941UA)
pau ayp
Ur pare2o] 2oUeUL pep>-ajqueU snouNxN] e st aseD SupoIg

atpyosiusunsedap yer9A9s sasnoy a] ‘Burjsa1g Jo UNO

aypis-xa ‘onyzaty arsuy —
Way) 4of zanaq yonu aq ppnom siwsmnvaing pun sxaqUnod pood Surg
auour Cup warp ym siauaviiapury Kut fo aun ays ansvm 3,u0Mm |
Saq01 ystppyo asorp jo fo Suuraw any ayp Sururpdxa sof nok yury |
2aq anny | [oof v wDY/Ay "PUNySLZ "UCT UPIUL NO YM 295 |

uolDdt{I 2upnp) axoyjo"| aol
dan2arsuy Buyyo2s ay |.

"ajnpayps r9ENs # UO arezado shemyped ayy
pur ‘siesoneaing ssapiunod Aq payeas pue podureas Ajnp saad yay
spon ayn asn A]uo ued ureypLy "Nod O1 pantuspe 10U aze sI91NOD
aie] "WopSury sy jo suoneredo Aep-or-Aep aya paroazut sey
soUTYDeWL JO.9AO] SPIN "UMOp porUNY aq or aavy pue pew o3 ay?
peonpoad ezounys syomy20]9 axp sawn AuEYY "yJasit AdUeALNUOD
dYp Woy sauios saZuep shorpIsu sou ayp Ang "saBuNY pue azis
onseIURy Jo UOSeyp jLOUAUNIYD k "UUOMIOOI axp Jo suoHEpardap
ayp Japun sayns osje wear sty Jo saysear WayLOU ay]

"ypoads jo somod ayp wy Surais

‘avef tomo] pue wos Sty J9A0 SAY auNswAN SIL. "WHY 10} PURUILIOT

JO Je]]OD ayp paruaaut ss99UIBue J9y20U SIH] "J92UeD 01 XOGaI!0A
SuIeEIN

"mag jo wopsury,

sUTyAp-mou atp jo pureg Suny plo pue soy YM sapaeq Area

S,JTPIN Jo [e29498 UL 9pA ay Pausna s9230j 19} "S9]5] 94 Jo [el Jor

STY 30] SeY TEIN "SwUA|Gord anoYIN JOU st UT

Jhpemod asous ayp ‘es tpi sdiyspuary Suons paunoy sey |]eEIN
"pu ‘yjesitjo Adooauaiod e yt sarype sty sdinba yry ‘uoNT! yg
PaITe> "ITPIN 20) seads se0g & parear AouRamUoT ay Jo s19y0U
YL TRIN YAMA a8nyar punoy ysnquipg pue mo'se{D punorw
Suruuoy swopSury axp pay oyM sioLrEM pauoseas AUEPY "UITY 10}
IYysy |]! sIaUOWIUIOD aY | *sa2zNOsaJ |RaMod sey ‘swWOpsUTY OMI
sat at) 02 paeduio> aypts ma} sey ery YBNoUpPY "AaYsIyy ay Jo
3]5] 94 UO 20 Jt "erUOpayeD UF paddinba sag ayp Aue siy SuPyEU
— umy 40) SuPpi0m s1ay90U Jo spapuny sey ay pue YBnod s,>}]
SUNY YSIY 40} ssoy aBuayTeEy> Ajsnouas pynoo oya s9|NU AyUO ap
se eq}Y J [[PIN Bury preBar eruopayes Jo aypIs atp Jo wo,
"sapisad |[RIN Suryy axayar ‘uaapraqy pue aapung
"pag ‘Ssowoauy aue ware ay UF santo asozE] OY "spuepysIY
axp jo sadojs wiasea ayy punowe Surddeim pue Avy ayp woy
Suipuarxa svare pury so] ayp Ajqesiseq "uerdurerS pur ayy ‘apiske |
sJenuag ‘aurysuaapiaqy se UMOUY sUOIsad Up sApNyoUT eq]
viuapaLsy DHorg ‘prUseIC ey Yan] —
"ayquynapo ayy uo
2auapuadap pun sof ano] Sunpoddo sist asvastp asiom s,punyi0ag

pay jo WwopBury

-pauumian yprey pjo up
[AUN suoIs 61 saajaswatp pousM Ady], ‘sKem pjo ay Woy pau
aydoad ayp jo Aueur oo uayar rods srxp 01 awed oY TURE aU Jo
J]P1S!9yp0 [Ug "asodund aueare aUI0s 104 souOIs atp pastes pue 9UED


The Tuach of Chronos

Te's not me fault I'm wet! I heard bells, then saw a wee hill by
the river where one had not been before. That I swear. | tried to run
up its smooth sides, but a root caught me feet and I fell. | heard
laughter then found myself floatin' in the Tay! Honest
Davie MacCrum, sidhe childing

The Tuath of Chronos is a mysterious place believed to be in
afae mound somewhere on the banks of the Tay. Many fae believe
that a powerful Seer of Chronos and his fae wife managed to hide
a pre-Shattering site from the ravages of time and Banality. If a
changeling spots a hillock surmounted by a huge tree with many
branches, each sporting new leaf-buds, while wandering the banks
of the Tay, she may encounter the Tuath of Chronos. A silverhorn
dangles from one of the branches and cradled by the tree's massive
roots isa well made of white stone. The mages and fae living in this
tuath guard its secrets jealously

Culcross Addey, Life

T have heard the music, | can smell the gold.

Galt, sidhe of House Elunied, member of The Hallows

Ivis said that a man seated in a golden chair dwells in a maze
oftunnelsbeneath the abbey. Ifound, he will offer great treasures
iAcblind plperand is doperssuppneed en haveenuered thenamnels
and it is said they found the man in the golden chair. A few days
after they entered, only the dog returned. Even now the sounds of

the man's pipes can be heard up to a mile from Culcross Abbey

Glamis Cascle, Tayside

Avaunt and quit my sight! Let the earth hide thee!

Thy bones are marrowless, thy blood is cold

Hence horrible shadow!

Unreal mock'ry, hence!

Macbeth, speaking to Banquo's ghost, Macbeth

Glamis is a large mansion with fanciful towers and battle-
ments atop its walls

Besides being the setting of the murder of King Duncan in
Macbeth, Glamis houses other mysteries. eis said that there is one
more window in Glamis than can be accounted for. Popular legend
holds several reasons for this imperfection. One legend has it that
Earl Beardie, a laird of Glamis, was losing badly at cards. When
asked to desist, he exclaimed that he wanted to play cards until
doomsday. A demon responded by causing the room to disappear,
but only from the inside of Glamis. Sometimes the window re-
appears, revealing the earl and his demonic poker mates.

The most famous legendisthat the room holdsone of he true
heirs of Glamis; born misshapen, it was walled up in ‘a secret room
As each of the heirs of Glamis comes of age, she is shown the
undying monstrosity and told of its true identity

Norrie's Lauyand Largo Law,
Batman and Largo, Life

Largo Law is a grass-covered knoll named after Largo village
Norrie's Law is located nearby at the village of Balmain. Norrie's

Law was a part of Largo Law, supposedly moved there by Michael

SANS

JpApa29q pu odoy Jo puv] "piuopa|pZy :9ar] x2dpyD,

01 40 iaidas soueALNUOD arp ears or sidwane samod uB1a10}
ou 2etp ans aye 07 st Aaypigisuodsay ureur sprens ay "sisterads
uonUAAIIU! sisu9 pur suapreM ‘sprend sv Ie JeBNOG] asnopy Jo
sqystuy aypis ay] -2x9tp Sunpiom s19y20u jo soproy ayp 02 Surseayd

‘mou oul

yet YHA Jo [pe 'S]LAUe pue soypey PeENsnput ‘siouruTeEY
‘sBuor ‘s1a[10q WIN payy st AueAMUED ayy "A1orey SuIDY
plo Ue UL SyDop ax sea UMOP pareD] St asNA UTI STEIN

Aoupar2u07y dy |

.auIYPRWY Suruoaspnyg aypig pue sisAjonoaygq pent),
AYLL Palle? Say "Uo Aww Jo yuaUadxa apy] e Op O1 UEM |
oy-e-pasinug-aq-o1-Inogy Ag pue Peayuty 4 "Pn
"aaIpjos
pat ayy pu aypis Surumeaiss ayp 02 1940 papeay
padid pea] edn paypid pur oweuspatp uo payary | ssourey
ap out 4poq Suruuinbs sry paddens pue uny paqqess | os
‘qurypeUt ayp Jo Ino Ava aus are | AYE UNY O2 asuaS at aAey
2,UpIP peaytty uC] ‘SUL suoprUUAW a¢p UF aypIsatp Surzaay
‘yous oureudp ay yo pauum peayury "ag se at yaLM ayprs
ayy poqqess | 21 10) Su108 Surp auo pey vopruusu ay p
-dn aun pazagos af ang "ynu os aut
paraqog aeupjnon sty p "sitey woYs Au pasurs pue siauEase>
ay] SYO]]og aw Buex ,yooys oun9a]9 pyr, assy IY
‘woos atp Sunway ueBoq
siay2ou satpo ay pasnou | pue ,‘oueudp, 8 paypeadurypautos
uo YpUMs & MaNp ay ‘Burpead sty parjdwos ay sy
.cPoYs duNdaP9 PI! eLA nos or UONCUNOFUT EY AUSUEN
J}! uopruadyy femur, au ‘nos sy ay Yay AY "SMOLG SZOH]Eg
p19] a%pop or nod qUeM ApasoUr | ‘ysINsUrY ayy ‘yoreU SuTeds
Bt SIMLL,, ‘panuNUoD peayury IG] se pauoUs aypIs ay |
"poyse | ,ipted 195 | op ‘Asued ueades ao1p | YY,
jloune Sueam uaaa 2,useM UMO]D
ALL sutyszaynod parsays-uado asoup jo auo pauods a}
‘suIeUIND Surpjaas ayp jo auo puryaq
wou ano paddars oym aypis ayp pres ,ioH[eq PIO,
"azoyqeg yptas seds 01 Nod yueM | -ajduns st worsstu
24,NOX "Nok Jo UOY, UF UOpTUUAYY Jem, ayP 02 IUdWIDAOUE
Araaa ano4 stusuen 1eyp ‘pueIsiapun 01 NO' 10} pare>1{du0>
00) ypnur ‘suTyseU vor dn paxooy uaaq aaey NOK,
"aysiu peraur step aw smoys ay UL
"Kea yoryas 4949 ano Suryod yons pur sjaayas ‘shayjnd ‘s19A9j
Jo spuny ]]2 yin ssousey 4poq.|]ny  o1ut atu paddens 449y90u
aup ‘peayurg ig] se poour Aut paroudun suo Asueauuo'
aya Ie parva|Joo sjoor jeuAsnpur jo UOND9]]09 ay
"uoprundyy jemut, at uodn pains saaau J "ypns 40 aed
ajquonnisapur Aypasoddns awos jo ano Ava aur yea 01 SuLAY,
2410 ,UIYPatLOs tpt 1OYs 198 eUUOS sem | pamNsy | -AuruMp
S91 Jato ay JO} AyPIS &
dn moys 02 pey | aut ]]91 01 20U sem ISH ay "saPEIsTU OMT

01 sem puodas ay pur "Gaqos

apeur utS8ou Aqutod sty jo ano aotaap umeds||ay sitp porwi9.
Oya Jay90u ayp ‘MON "29UG "suodvam atau s AUBALUOD,

cd

ayp Jo aU INO Isa} 0} JOUOY areUNUOJUN aUp pey 2U0 |

220Q, fas2shCp

"yeSnog] asnopy Aq pareurwop axe ayprs ayp pue
‘vaue sitp jo avy axp jo aSequacuad afze] ue dn ayeur s19y20N
"Suapied jnpapuom wsouL s,uIEIUG Jo aUI0s
Suneanyno Aq ssouqip aaneja s 4419 ay 104 dn ayeu on paadwane
sey AIUAZIID ay] ~OJOD YIN YUO} sisINg DUOIS Iam aU "YBNOIL
aq uns xp UaYyAN 19 "]99} ATeaNp v AID aUp saatd "uteA IUEISUOD
-reau atp pia poxtur ‘step pue a1ues3 Woy apeu st AN19.9Y2 Jo ISP
s1ousta sat Aq paey 40 paao] Jaypi st ‘sisaBzns aionb axp se ‘aap
Aq "SISIAIU! [10 01 aNp YppeAm s,AnUNoD axp Jo UOTUOd ayqezis
esjonUOD mou Uaapiaqy ‘puepodg Ut AND asaaIEL-pAnp ay,
uogg!D a188eID SLA] —
purpiorg ur Kuo ayqvao] KSunviadsoxa pun KBununvy auo ay)
S11] "42n0] pauwmyt fo wio9s ay) yim waapLaqy SISA12p UE)

UsapAsqy

"sypreuow ystiug Josjemau UoReUOIOD axp UT pasn U99q SLY AT aIOYAL
‘grey uoneuos0> ysnug ax yaeauq

pur | prempg Aq au0ag wioy uajors sear a] -puepodg jo diysi9[na
ay quam DuOIs atp TpLA pue It Uodn pouompUD az9M SBUTy YsTAY
snoy-Auny, "ssaouud avy e Aq Ayqissod 40 ‘moog ay Aq purpad]
Woy 4940 paused sem UIs dYD IY? PoArraq st a] "sisteuoNeU

oye iaasutunsa xy ut pooeyd

smog Jo sanis paaojaq asow ayp Jo9UOst11‘s19]TU YsMI0Dg 10} 9UOXs
uoneuoro9 axp ‘au0Dg Jo auOIg atp Jo aou]d BuNsaL Ise] Lp SY "anIs

siyp ae pueas 01 apseo paryp atp st a2ezed snpos saserULy sty |,
SMO|[eH ULL [Bay proj—

2420q Kom v aq uana Kyucay ‘29mod 11] jffastt

vipvoay woes st auors wy |, "13 papnyap s9y10 Kun 20 Koy qoy fo aao)
pun] 242 10f a0} fo mo 1 uM uop | ‘oof nox ~wrUopayve) 40.4

DUOIG ‘Aul2saQ Jo sU02g dy |.
YOWADC) 3J020{ 3Y2pud II} IUOIG,

Me] SION SunwanD "yw yA UHTY
pez9A09 y]osuaio1 at ‘uoNeIadsap UT "Jods axp Woy paroul aq 10U
Pinos Apoq saWONY atuUUE | ‘pom sIy 1 ANA, "paystuea OLE
Jaaffs atp Pur ‘peop Yonas sem 9UION ature | IU YT,
jawiog aq 49,21 ppoys ay 104s ayp fo mo 40.4
Soy ay) majq IY uPUL 2Y2 01 20,
:ples pue puoms sty maup "au maui soueM ay] "WOY sIy
AX ]q] ‘J}OSUAY JO} PJOS axp paruem oar
e ueasur yey ay "pareadde souzen

ION aru | "UeUISpIoy
2a qj} atp asuns ae ‘pue
sie'] o84e"] Uo poors a} ‘aeayp UOUTUINS 1 SWIOY A1OYP MOYG 1
Jou UTeW]Eg Jo UaUuspyay a_p yo pred pue auMopUIyNY joaselIA
atp UF Sy09 axp |e Pay] ‘prsydays axp woyy ayer siyp Suueay
‘uaduens b 1eyp sareIs Ae] S,WION Jo Alosiy aeWAE UY
mv] O80] Ut St aur pmos or azaym aX 1121 II
‘mn]q vustp woy uDUppg wy
DAD DUTP 3209 atumopuryony JI
Surdes proydays & 0 pareadde
avy 02 ples st JOUTeN ay] "pod ayp jo seu stp or syueLp
moped tuna JIM Me] OF1e] UO dagys pue aces o1 ya} days rey
aaatjaq spuoydays Aueyy "JOULE Ja4fIs UL JOLeM v Aq papuend ‘pjos
parueyoua quia payyy autur e ure u0D o1 pres st Me] O81] -y]NSAI
Se PAULO} SLM ME] §, ALON "YseI JayROUR Wat aAKs AJUAppns 109g
aya ave] Off2e7] Yo |ryapeds aUO UMOMp peY pue [aaoys UIs B
JING suoWap YsIuOOYNg aastp ay *Me7] O82e"] SuNLALDXA Jo yse:
ayp uaais arm AayL,


yum paanf aq ppnom uorsvaur anf Kuy "spur 49y fo yrpvaig ayn s12009
Img ‘paruuaduod 10U st samod 4944 "praf or pay 49y sayou pun
wopSury 49y ut uo Swuo3 st ym ynum dn doay 01 42y smoro ssassord
fo unos s2}4 ‘parmunsaispun iv wop3unj s2y pup stud}

[°31N Po yam urds v 400 wana
stu€]p wean?) "sarppng fo rsaq ay ay] punoa 42410 yova Suysxm
asam — aypts pup 1ay,20u ‘4s ‘uns oq — pmo. ayn ‘paystuyf som
[ awn arp <q "Gund 01 uw saiyyia Surpuno.ns ays wosf sisuowmos
2y2 12] pu auim ayp dn pauado Kays 19s puosas Cut Suunp araymawog
1899 ayp st apf ay) 40f 3urXoyd ‘uw ang ‘asxif 1 uordsns yum au poco
Kay. ‘1snu Cur ynim spmoss ayn appa. 01 y240f pay uayp som |

Ployasnoy say 01 axmbs v sp uos s,jaS1yy 2401
01 4affo uv pun aurfaqng 4ay wou 1 yo401 D ynim aoindas sty 40f [231N
Suupunmas ‘yzaof uos aypts sry pun 1aB1\y payoo uaanb ays rasuns 10 nq
‘pasoust axam Kundutoa pun j231\ 400d "apd 1sow 242 40,4 "a8vanorua
ayp fo spaau ayi oi aas 01 ‘Busunog samjeq ‘ouf pun or BurCunos
a4am ‘aypis » som woym Jo auo ‘sKoq aay) pun afin sty ‘2H "S]ItY
uaamag parayinl spoom awos ur ua) v dn ras ‘uvs80q » ‘Ja3iNy wong,
roofuvayy pays anya v fo ymmos ‘spp Aaysmo7Tayp wi r9WI/A\

sBadiua,y fo waan?y ayp 10 ‘saBvpt fo uaanty ap 49y 1109 yUOoN
ayn fo sajqou ay) wy aut pjor sjaxisuru avf ayi fo awog -49ps0 198
ow wi ‘ployaayf 01 pjoyaa4f wosf sjoann ayg "unoZ ssaxiorg v spoay
ays ‘poarsuy "umo say fo ssaxisof p ‘yrD4 Y aavy ays S20p LON *S49p10q
S11 unjim sama 4ofow Kup avy 10U Soop ‘s12y10 ay UY? PaLD a40UL
Suyanos apy ‘wopsuryy ,srud]O wy pws ‘unsowe snp yw roy Cut
"ampsojy p17] "2ounayfiudisua wi pazod srysiuy maf supe ‘pasuryo
2omya0}9 s, NPI pun Kuen ayprs ,ssoy 01 pasnduioo pun ‘pruopaqy>
Jo suajns avf ayn fo asayvam ayp so studye) 22s ssoy PUD 1]P1N,

Lay puryaq mo pasnyf sBum aaag ayn padoys
advo paumbas-yonq any v ‘srySyysiy pas yum ajdind pup usass
pypsaua w passasp sruc}p ‘pos ays uay,p\, "sanooy saapis si mogv
vy 90 4q YIM apopsaps|D K4oM1 un OV AoIUNY jnfoonAd v WoAf paULLOf
SUDA ASLOY 49H] "INfanvaq {quia som suX[D "sopoaq Surdsvp>
fo apow sanyo uappo3 ynm sffnsou yonjq-1ystuprus any axam asprut
Ary) ut ang ‘Kurys dour a1am siv09 ay YyBnoyrD ‘aus ays patois
spunoyxof ay,1, "11 uodn parsas unys sayis ‘punoad ay ysim papjaut
yop) ay," woapuapopoys fo spuoaf 40 sspal fo sapyyq on uum 01 pauaas
yorym summa pis ‘sadvo ysaut saapis :sumaup 12M s,pno.4 upug fo
Imo 1yS1L a4am sayrop9 419Y_|, *"SUMOA9 asp puD sayIay nu pawLoo}q
sco stosiapo pu Sorpo] ay_f, "sou rajav9s pup aydind or pouuof
"supa s1ysiuy ay1 Jo si09 Sununy pas ay,1 ‘paybaaes som Kanvaq
Suwa aay pup ‘spurpysipy ayn wosf Cysiym anf ‘vpoyfuays fo
up 2UC *staruny xof 180] fo dros' v ayy powaas aBvinorua 49y pup
uaanb ayn ‘soko poysiipu fi uana ,‘ouuou, Ku oy "syEy 22ay.y fo
wopSury ayp fo stucpp uaanty on aut yoo. uonpnaw s xs

Saspaod,

KJ >>84 |. fo wopBury|

,douueds-eipsy jeauautyp Aw aos sa83ng 2eY [Josue] ssoppua

yp Jo singe ap se ‘sayqqenbs uotun snouea jo apppiur ayp ur

wiotp spurl sei papeaup sow sayy "Aume S908 suauTadxa aup Jo
‘uO UaYAL.ANO payfed.9q 02 aALY Os[e SIYSIUY ay J. "s19yDOU SH deupry


an endless series of battles, and based on their faces at court, the
commoners would fight side-by-side with sidhe knights.

As you know from what you read, Glynis also has spies in other
kingdoms, but it was what I saw last night, after the camp had gone
tobed, that convinces me that she is a force to be reckoned with. I let
my perceptions flow out of my body and journeyed around the camp,
even to the green tent of Glynis. I flew past her guards and through
the flap into Glynis' private chamber. There sat a huge black brazier
and her alefire, licking menacingly at the fabric of the tent roof. Next
to it crouched Glynis, sandwiched between the jaws of an ebony
steamer trunk. She chanted over a clay figurine she was fashioning
Icould not tell whom the figure looked like, but inside the trunk were
several figures I recognized, each carefully set into velvet molds. One
had the flaming red mane of Ross. Another had clockwork pieces
stuck into its surface: Niall. They were corp creadha, Scottish
voodoo dolls

—Uninnseann, Domesday Book

The Kingdom of Three Hills includes the regions known as
Dumfries and Galloway, part of Strathclyde and Borders, and even
part of England — the northern section of Northumbria. The fae
still respect the old border, Hadrian's Wall.

This country has no major towns, but is rich with history and
Glamour. This land birthed Sir Robert Scott and Robert Bums.
This is the land of deep lochs, misty moors and flat-topped hills.

The area encompassed by The Kingdom of Three Hills is
brimming with mysterious places: ruined abbeys, crumblingcastles,
ancient brochs, and the prehistoric hill-forts which dot Britain
These forts now appear as circular mounds with concentric rings of
grass-covered ramparts

Orydurgh Addey

Tt wasn't magic that drew me to Drybugh Abbey, but pirates
I was 10 when Kidnapped and
mother's cottage into the finest brig on the seas. I was "Uninnseann,
pirate wench of the Seven Seas." I had come to see the grave of Sir
Walter Scott. And I ran into my first Chorister.

—Uninnseann, Domesday Book

reasure Island transformed my

The abbey is now a framework of arches and collapsed walls,
most notable as the home of the grave of Sir Walter Scott. Itis also
home toa cabal of Choristers. This cabal's mission is to repair the
damage done to the relations of the Traditions within Scotland. Its
may seem stereotypical; three of its four members are

ted nuns, but under Sister Isobel's wise leadership the Choris-

ters are not allowed to prosely

are the mottos of the chantry.

Acceptance, and beneficence

The only problem with Sister Isobel' plan is that she and her
two compatriots are, well, boring. Their idea of carousing is a tea
party on the lawn —without china! Theirsavinggrace of the social
scene is Farug ibn Kamal. He runs the gift shop with the flair of a
Jordanian merchant ata bazaar. His flamboyant nature and Islamic
ideology sometimes scare Sister Charity and Sister Felicity, but as
longas their hearts can stand the strain, Sister Isobel hopes that he
can help them make overtures to the mages in Scotland.

Closedurn Cascle
and the Swan-Song Curse,
Oumfries and Galloway

The pooka of Closeburn are a wild and vengeful lot.

— Uninnseann, Domesday Book

Closeburn Castle lies in the middle ofa loch northeast of the
town of Dumfries and is known for receiving blessing that became
a curse. In ancient times whenever one of the Kirkpatrick family
grew ill, apair of swansalight on the castles' beautiful loch. As they
swam around the loch, the sick family member grew strong again.

Robert Kirkpatrick, the heir of the Kirkpatricks, grew curious
about the tale of the swan song, the mournful cry of the swan during
its death. He shot, killed and buried one of the swans, but heard no
cry. The next year the other swan did not return, so he thought no
more of it. But the following year a swan appeared with a red stain
on its breast, and as it swam around the loch the head of the family
soon sickened and died. Thereafter, the swan's return is regarded
as a harbinger of sickness and death.

Calzean Cascle and Lairy Guide,
CDaydole, Scrachclyde

The faeries repay their debts and never forget their enemies

— Old Scottish Saying

The castle is set on top of a rock 80 feet above the sea. Its
original military face was redone into a much more livable struc-
ture many years ago. The cliffs beneath the castle contain three
caves which are said to be inhabited by the fae.

One day when the laird of the castle was walking outside
duringastorm, asmall child appeared with a wooden cup and asked
for ale for his sick mother. The laird agreed and gave the cup to his
steward who went to the first tun of ale beneath the castle, and
found it had nearly gone dry. Figuring it good enough for the waif,
he returned. The laird was outraged when he saw the half-filled cup
and demanded that the steward drain every cask in the keep if
necessary to fill the boy's cup. The chastened servant came back a
little later with a full cup and gave it to the boy. There was a flash
of lighting, and the boy disappeared.

Many years later, the laird was in the wars in Flanders. During
storm, his unit was broken and cut down toa man. As he waited
jing tohim. [twas the boy with the
cup. Taking the laird's hand, he led the man round a bend and the

todie, the laird hearda voice

laird unbelievably found himself outside the walls of his castle back
in Scotland! The Boy was gone.

Gains Natt Broch: The Caszle of
che Red Ean, Ouns, Borders

Common enemies make nasty neighbors into fast friends. The
fomori bind the humans and fae together

— Alasdair, Bard of Shadows

This broch sits upon a hill of pastureland; partway down the
slope begins a band of trees, pierced by a quick-flowing bum. But

Chapzer five: Caledonia, Land of Hope and Bezrayal 105


"snauog
Jo a1vy ax payeas yoy soop oy puryaq deme a paypo] pue
xoq Uo SuoNs e UL 9IqIg Up poso]Dud Aap asnoy axp Suruopuege
axoyag, ‘pauaniay aids aya ‘asnoy ap Jo ano ajqig aya yoo Aaya
JaAaUOYN IY PUNO} sia uw ‘ApURE aU YA a}LG SHY YD]
woud ayy aids ap ystueg 01 pououruins sem (;19sUOYD e) asoud
v JUN, ;.o8uNY Jo Ueaap W,] INO aut 19] No aUT 19, ‘BuTUTEAIDs
JaMOd DY JO s|fe ot paropuwemr asoys snauog "Butkp a1ojq
puey 49] sty yo pomwus pey ay aweyp axp puy or ad ayp pouado
sooMyP-ep SULLA IL puvay peY OYA ajdoad ayy "peap sea
snauiog ‘91v] 001 sea Hang "apasey v Aq y>Eq ay ay IAS 9} "JOOP
ay o1 day ayp aday ay aeUp paroquiawiar pio} ay "ysinquipg Ut
poatue ay zaye sep aay y "1ys1U atp Jo apppru op ur ysinquipy
01 poyyeo 4[uappns sear pro] a4], "Joop LOM Ys v YIM paso ud e
ur ‘uooSunp siq Ut snauiog paureu uewL e pay20] 19801 9UP Jo SPIO]
dup Jo auG ‘uURUUTY 19411 ayp Jo Yue WHAIsaM aU UO |]I4 Papoom

josteds e dow suis qeup samo pouINT e st JMO], supadg

SMOpeYs Jo preg ‘aIepseyy —
499 nok 01 say nok asooy asnf

Nok aun Ix9U pg Os Jaaf 10 NOK ayDUL IM WYs K4ors D103 2A |

fomoyp£y pun sarajuinc,

‘uaqDuys07] "somo | Sul jpods,

soqsetu si4y Woy) STUDLUPUELURLIOD Z9yLINY
pox ay veyp ples stay "ads ap
uo 11 pauing dap ‘auop arom Aaup uaYya od ayp OUT Yoo} or HuLEp

at Sunrea ‘eaze ayp ut sureuiaa dh

JON "ay 8 AY] Pue anys rod axp paurey> Aaxp ‘9pIsut st]Nog Bute|g
"sauons SuIpUeRs at Jo Oa UO padkag 1eq LOM UE Woy od any
papuadsns siysiuy ays ‘a1ay f ‘apises afeauuay svau apouto ours
Juaroue UL ‘uTY auLIg UN ay? OF WY 20g PUR s|NOg paztas
pur prom sny ae HuPY ay Yoor siYsIUy PeIPAag , jwTY Jo aU OU
avay] au 19) 1Ng ‘aseayd NOs JL UTY [HOg,, ‘ples AIpapuey-yo Hury ayp
Avp uo ays Waid os Aad AUIEJUI Jo 8198 ,sI]Nog ‘ador Uadwiay 40
Jea1s patiioy Aq pa]Pj.aq 20U pyno> uew ayp aeUP Os s}]Nog UeYDUD.OD
SUY S1Y pasn oyas sor9aH0xd deopas v NY rYyNog surAA sty YBnoLp
er os]e YT pooyg ax) a4 | "sajqou pue aoxjndod jes] aypasutEse
satulud sty ogy UOLIaI0Nd UIT av poo[g [eAo4 SI "Aajanu pur
21Seur d1JoqeIp 10} Y>"UY v AIA UB YsHINUG pu asny v seam syNOg
"aonug ayy WaqoY Jo UsIAL at SuuNp soyDueWy YsMaIXg tp Jo
apie auted9q s1[NOg p10] A0Jaq SJOpANUU sNOIBUINU JOY suOasUNp
LULIOP{ Pash spule] JULIO "UOPaPAseD Jo spjay atp 490 WOO]

ep s|pem YIM asnoy-tloIstEUL pay!a0 vst apse aeAUNAp|

SaUMIC] NODG JAI]e A 1g —

sauun {pp 3 uayods aq 10U ppnoys YIN,

suapuog ‘UOPd9|2sV7V ‘sl|NOG puo7]

‘Bury 9UD2G UIA OY
‘Q228v, oA 21LIO |

3 UOpTtY ayp Aq payseU MoU st ous ayy] "ax, UOPIY
ay payjeasea ‘oxy atp pappaq ay Yo!yar Japun ouo rues ayp ‘AOA,
ay YpIyay spun aon ayy passed pey sia dary wey punoy ay
‘sdep aany zye pauuniar ay Way] Ah ‘21]20U Pjnosyeyp ansuore yaa
P9889 ]qh, OSfe SeaL ang ‘ouNaNy ayp dzisaydoud o1 pouswa] ay 2104,
"‘ropuon Jo wyear oyp UL sdep aamtpA AOJ Ady YIM AUIS OF paMoTTE
Suraq Aq papremar sea pue Apel sty UL Ye) ISO] J9Adu SeLUOLL,
ing ‘sdep SuyAjuar aaatp yoo Aauunof auf, "Arey Jo wear ay Oru
Sy aopun oq yar 8 o1 WHY poyse pue ‘avy oUp Jo sudanb ax jo
uO sem ays IeEp payeaaas ospe ang ‘A]3N MoI pIp ayy ‘pauasuod
Ajpzeay ang "Maneag Joy IN p]noas at pres og "aan ay? Japun
ty Yat a1] 01 Jay] pasidoq pur Jay 40} Ao] s1Y paspayd apy ‘aan &
pur jo Ape] e pards oy uayan s]pty
ay jo apis Asses aup uNopSuIpy seam ‘oun ay we paeq OUNUY e SEU

apisoq Surpueas Aaneag 91qeq!

-ol,"uoonb auaey v y9UU (seLUOY|], anu], ‘UNOp]9D44 Jo seUIOY[)
JOUIAYY aX SeMIOY] | ALoY SADT Puasa] snowE} sow OY |,
"sant owut a1 Sunay{ds yo
yse2 at pareurwiop ay strap atp jo auo avs (,a19q] Jo WOpsULy,,
298) 109g JaLyDIY UN yead auo peYy AyUO ]LY ay IkYyD pres
St a] 9]e1 uO Jo 1Dafqns ayp are soAjasurayp syead aan ay
puEPodg JonUOD or sUOYa zap Suunp (s|f1}] 9x4) wNNUOUN |
payje> Aqueau aoy e aping suewoy ay] "puKposg UF YDo1q
sore] ay Joousayp st pur mojaq shayfea auf Jo mara axp spueUTOD
yyead asourtuiayziou ay J "11 punoze dn umou3 aaey spuasigy exAag
syvad sanyy YD YY UO Ayemoe axe SPE] VOPIY oy,
sewoyy any —

‘ay YP Sa]

suapUog ‘OsoajICL) ‘SWC uop|IZ,
‘paquiowua a1am Aatp Yoryar ut stejqId auoIs
aq woy ssaoutid axp pue 1ayorg sty 994 01 pueM ayp ash or HOY
uy pamoys ays pur ueLOM pjoatp OUT y>eq pouAM pu MOpUIA
& UL NY UdAer ay] ‘peay Yea yo paddoyp pur xe ue dn payoid
Pe] MULL, "stomiod saarsuow aup Jo ]]e AeaAVe Yoo pu ‘Sopppu sty
pouaasue pur qUeId ay iow ay ‘siskaq ay? YSNomp SurpiNs sayy
"ajaseo sung pay oy paysuioua YoryA stwuoY sno} puL speay ox
Yim saseag ailueans pazoiunooua ay se say TuLMOYs r0U Aq AraAKIq
sity aod oy pey uayy oq aya ‘papremar Aajsor9Uad sip "Avae
‘Noy pue UAALI v OUT patM ayg "UNA Poy ax Jo sa]ppy aan
oy) 02 Siomsue at puke pueM o1seUH BUNTY aAee ays pur "ay oI PeYy
ay []e 2Ae8 oP "429 aYp Jo otUOs Joy payse pue peor ayp UO WHY IU
UUeILIOM pjo Ue Ino ras ay AYE ISN ">>Ye9 Jo adaId ypeuUsw st WUT oat
pjnoo saypour sty |e ang ‘Burjqis sapjo sty anosau oi paploap saypio1q
s,ueui Sun' ay f °y904 Jo sePPId w OUT ‘ssauEUd ap oy!] ‘oq at
pouung ‘ia]jeur jeoidew siy Sursn pue wry painides ({ueOWLO, v)
ung poy ay, "paytey Vys1q Aaa 10U pue apna sutaq ang ‘auMz0}
sit] 92 pur Jay Puy O2 Yo Ia URW BUNOA Yy ‘puLporg jo Bury,
dup jo sorysnep arp pauostduy ay axoya YO}-]]1Y e UL paaty (QUEL
20) Yst]3ug p|Q si wi0a) eI par ‘papeay-aamtp v‘As0Is ay UT
"ung pay ay, ‘puepodg UoY Sayed As1Ey YsMNODg IsapJO aLp aUO UI
paquosap ans aqp st sty aetp st ajqeyzeuas yooug step saxyeu ay


Wormiscon, Lincon Mitt, Borders
The worm was innocent!
— True Thomas

The banks of Linton Hill, or Wormiston, are marked with
deep furrows and ridges said to be left by the coils ofa great serpent
The serpent attacked passers-by and farm animals for years until
the lord of Larriston, John Somerville, killed it by ramming a
burning lance down its throat

he Cridhe:
he Uncamed Laas

The mountains are extatic, and ought to be visi

—

d in pilgrimage
once a year. None but those monstrous creatures of God know how
to join so much beauty with so much horror.

— Thomas Gray, letter to William Mason
Trossachs
e the heart of Caledonia to many of the fae. This is the

Cridhe is the Gaelic word forheart. The Highlands,
and Isles
"heart" from which many commoners who chafe under the heel of
the sidhe gain strength. To the sidhe, it is but a vestigial organ of

the commoner state of old. If the sidhe tore the heart out, orstarved
it by controlling the trods of Wallace's Walk, the Highlands, and,
eventually, the Isles, would be theirs.

The Dighlands

Although known for their treeless peaks and heather-clad
sides, the Highlands are also the last refuge of the great Caledonian
forests and numerous species of wildlife including: golden eagles,
pine martins, grouse, ptarmigan and red deer. The other character-
istic of these mountains is water. The infamous Scottish weather
lavishes the Highlands with rain, mist and cloud. As a result, the
mountains are home to numerous rivers, rushing burns and lochs
hidden by folds of ancient stone

‘The Highlands hide many mysteries. Ross and Niall's infor-
mants tell tales of dozens of hearty fae clans. Since the beginning
of the War of Ivy, the traditional rivalries of the clanns have
abated. Arguments once settled with steel are now settled with
bottles of scotch, or the fist and boot. Neighboring clanns hold
Highland games to choose war leaders. A war leader, who is never
a laird, commands all the lairds' forces when the clanns are
summoned to battle.

No one, not even the lairds of the various clanns, knows all
of the trods in Wallace's Walk. But when a clan leams of sidhe
encroachments into the Highlands, word spreads from laird to
laird, until sizable force gathers. While the war leaders command
the forces, the lairds maintain control over their trods and are
ing other
leaders command. Before sidhe

responsible for conde ns through them as the war
orces can respond, hordes of
Highlander fae flood out of the shadows of the crags and annihilate
the "flower" of fae chivalry.

The Highland fae's greatest ally is the Fiar

as much as the secret trods of Wallace's Walk, a

Perhaps they,
esponsible for

Chapcer five: Catedoma, Land o

the commoners' success against the sidhe. The Fianna are divided
into two septs, which protect cairns of immense power on either
side of the great glen. The Fianna of the northwest Highlands have
relations (if somewhat strained) with the Get of Fenris living on
the Orkneysand Shetlands. Those of the Grampianshave ties with
the mages of the Bardic College on the Isle of Skye.

The clefts and glens of the mountains also harbor ancient
magick, and its practitioners. Verbena are the most common
Tradition mages, but Hermetics are known to take advantage of
the sanctuaries that the Highlands offer. A few Ecstatic pipers also
wander the roads and ruins in search of Romantic inspiration. But
no Tradition controls the Highlands, even though the Highlands
legendary stature draws many Awakened

On che Highland Clearances

During the early Industrial Revolution (mid-1700s),
coal mines proliferated the Central Belt, feeding the growing
industries of Glasgow, not to mention the industrial plants of
England. Manufacturers needed people to work in the mines,
and later in the factories which consumed the mines' produce.
The inefficient crofts (farming villages) of the Highlands were
‘one of the human larders that the industrialists raided. They
did so with the tacit consent of the Kirk (after all, a lot of the
crofters, while Christian, clung to the old Celtic beliefs and
Gaelic history). The Highlanders soon found themselves
forced out of their homes and crowded into dark cities and
even darker mines. The rich industrialists got the cheap labor
they needed. Landowners got more land on which to graze
theirsheep, and shipped their wool to the cities for processing.
The churches in the cities filled their pews and performed
services in English. And the crofters exchanged a hard life
with a unique culture for an even harder life, usually in the
slums of overcrowded, polluted cities. Hence the term the
Highland Clearances.

‘The Clearances marked more than a change in farming
techniques. The destruction of numerous crofting villages in
the Highlands marked the end of a way of life. Their language
(Gaelic) and beliefs, over time, were forgotten to most, foreign
to others.

The Awakened were perhaps affected worst of all: The
Verbena and the fae were dependent on those people. The
Verbena, for all their "tree hugging," needed people to believe
in their paradigm. The people were companions, mates and
potential new members. Without the crofters to follow the old

e, Verbena magick became less

The fae lost their craftsmen, artisans and musicians.
They lost dancing companions, lovers and the occasional
kidnap victim. The romantic Highlanders were their source of
Glamour. It couldn't be taken from sheep and cattle.

The Clearances were started in part because some of the
Choristers wished to rid the Verbena of their support. Perhaps
they believed the Verbena were passé, or that the Verbena's
religion was endangering the souls of the crofters who still
went to them for advice and participated in rituals.

Hope and Betrayal

SS
CAKACACACS


The Chives of che Wood

Avoid the Dark Wood, and its wives.

Local saying near Frevater Forest

Villagers living near the Frevater Forest have been telling
tales of witches livi the wood. The stories are true. Under the
canopy of pine an dwells a n called the Wives of the
Wood. It is run by a woman named Eilidh, the Wife of the Dark
Tree. Notall the villagers fear the witches. Some go to them foraid
in times of sickness. The wives guard a dark secret, somethin,
cherish, yet their efforts to save the Frevater are motivated as much

by concern for the locals as for their beloved wood.

To Wed che Wood

— Floraidh MacDounagh, First Wife

Iwas 14 when we lived in the bountiful Trossachs, where
the thick branches of our World Tree shaded the village of
Mairead, Many came to us to learn the arts of healing, the
seeds of agriculture, the ways of the beast and flower. But the
churches and factories grew ever nearer. We thought our
brothers and sisters of the Chorus would protect us from the
madness and burnings. We were wrong. The agents of Kirk
were almost upon us when a strange Hermetic, an old friend
of the coven, Michael Scot, stepped from the spirit world and
warned us of the approach of flame. Many of our sisters
escaped the fires, but the keening death of our World Tree
broke them. The torch of one of the priests took my eyes. Our
companagh, what some call custos or grogs, saved us. We ran
north, into the mountains. Some of the fae brought us food,
until weeks later, we came to the Dark Wood, what is now
Frevater Forest. There were but three of our order left. Kevin,
Poland fourchildren wereall thatremained ofourcompanagh
and village.

Kevin, our huntsman, learned that the local villagers
feared the wood. So the Goddess had provided a perfect refuge
forus. We found that sometimes it pays to listen to the locals.
Our huntsmen and the Master, Mairi, went into the wood.
Soon after they went in, I felt the fabric of Life being tom,
then screams, and nothing more.

Diorbhail, the children and I were all that was left. We
slept outside the forest for three days. Then our food ran out.
I sent Diorbhail to the nearest village to beg for food, to save
the children. I waited until the night birds sang, then I
stripped off my clothing and, skyclad, went into the wood.
The legends say I was driven by a dream. To tell the truth, I
sought death. My eyes were dead, but I stretched out with the
Eye of Life and found Him, rooted there, waiting, bathed in
the blood of Mairi, Kevin and Pol. A tree,a man, ademon, his
roots teached down into the Wyck of Life. touched his warm
bark, and it softened. I gave myselfto it and, fora time, we were
whole.

And now, 60 years later, I leave. Seatter my blood on his
bark. Nestle me in his rooted hands when I stir no more.
Preserve him, use him, love him, give yourself to him, but
remember, leave Faith to the Chorus, our betrayers. By this I
mean never trust the Dark Tre:

108 Iete of che CDighzy


JpApa29q pud odoy jo pur] "piuopa|p7y :aar| xa2dpy5

sue ayp Jo Aueu ‘ospy "paxpors-jam aday sea ay se BUC] SE 44 sSpoy asuaUIUN Aq PaHEMp savy aenod syoyor> Jews v

aed yp wi 200},198 01 9A9U Paause |peIN aSNeIq a|FePUEISIPUNS! 46. yssyo9 Au9]{Ip ak]. "JOpUEM SIs9NS partautun yeu 03 pope

YL "WoYp Y9EI0q 01 W99s2,USDOP 1}. 3Nq ‘SIE OD INS DYED PINON Sse sysozoy ayp pur ‘speos OU are a1atp SIT YAY OI MOY MOU] 24} 24
suuep JsuoUNIOD axp A|feULON "wad axp swing AY>!Eq STEIN jrucy-ydeUwO]H Jos|feg atp Jo r04szea UNEP ‘epeYL| Uag Jo MOpEYS

"BqIY JO WopSury xP woyy soy>oU w "gen "PUEGSMY JOY PLE gy Asorasyp axp st spuEyyIE] ayp ul aoeyd wsorddey aU

‘suoniodoid snuemia jo uewiom e ‘oyu 4q un st ded ay Surkes ysmoog —

yo] ax ur Sunsvos Aayseq pare axp pue soay ead ayp |pauus ayp
Aq poteauuad si vare 9]0ym ay J, uted a8ues0 |[Np ULM parez0s9p
pue pnur (aim pasaiseyd st ouarxe ayy "ysty sours aarp ‘weg

auorspjay & st aiienod aya pulyag "euaxsta pue Uospuapopoys AadJL2s1Q vppyjur]H

"Kysryon ayo st
warp fo 2uo pun ‘payou sayy sapunqysiyy v sBunyy om aap a1ay,y

‘aj antjod aaoy | "aones ay
Yo Uea]> 01 parayo 1,upey apuq|ty J! aise e202 e Uaag aaey P[nom Suruada ay] "eau axa ax} AYP ayp Jo auoU PaonoU |
"Mog © (pM pres ay ,‘ApUg|y s,aureu Ayy "anseayd Ay,
ples | Q]P] yp soy syueUL,,

"aul 99s 01
paseayd Aysnoraqo sea oy "aes payeu e 02 3xoU SuIpUERS sem | PU ‘poAouias sea Popul] yp ‘saanUTUEE Ma} v AMY "Yred AuoIs
& uo BupypEm axam am pue ‘YOOs 002 49.40 seat I] "sIdsTYM psBaY | JeIMs | "MOT]Id UNOp-2s008 B UO SUPE sear | JI Se 3]9} 21 UOOS
hq ‘PIEAUO} Pyyea oa se ULTEAL Max | DAO] NOK st MOU] NOA UDYA []oqHOOP & Jo SUITUL ayp YIM pauTGUIOD ‘NOA UO UT SYOO]
JaYPOUL INOA YAY JOOP ¥ Jo SuPyeau ayp ax] ‘punos |Papuom e prway J ,">PUg|!y Puoas ayp Sury,, ‘Avs seunag preay | way,

sotpeay ap 19A0 aoaid ste w pon am pue au punore IP Sty
porated spe] atp jo 9uG ‘aur paratpog aaey pjnom aouauadxa ayp 40 ‘payeu dn wau8 J ‘Appyon] ‘syped ax Suope payyear oh,
"spon ayp uo
Udy spjoypur|q zea snu UTeYARUOU Ing ‘parsnn aq ULI NOA MOUY | "Ss9WDAUT 02 ISOLUTE 94,NO A | SL []OM Sv aDETTE/A\ JO Ye
ayp moun Aayp fawioY 2e 10U a4,9% sapIsag Y>eq oWOd IYStUL "9De¥ 02 JUBA ,UOp | AeUNYsTU JedUdUNTYD v ays Aap JO ADY | "YO
2d shut aM ‘MONI "URYDEY dtp Jo Pooug dup Woy aitAut Joddns e adeoso 3,uop aydoad asoyy "sse] ‘A2foNy 24,nod ‘apise SuIppry,,
‘aur eB on pasn udaq pey
yoryar aay9ef Aww Jo ses ayp yo and pue uMop paypeay a} ‘spon Au jo sSuruvaw Yrog wysneD ay YUN | ang ‘passes pps sem |
«i298 9UO UELp a0 pardadxa | "BurUadd afoya e 40} NOA pa3x004 J, ‘PIES ay , "YY,
‘ur 02 490 auteD 9G pue ‘DUT | JO IkWag yp pa10se3 |
"paypt] ay,4aup uaya Mouy sou WELLS aUp Ing "4ea} Jo Ino UNL, Yop sdeopay "Warp Suoure aiam— UOALUOL] PUL ABLIDYG "YAEL /Y\ —
SuUE]> aYp Je Woy sIONEM Jo YUN v pu seUINag 1 MaUY Aatp a1ojag ‘ayeIdn ay UO MOIS []}¥s axa sdeopas ay_], "Uy atp O1U
[[2) pue ‘wry Jo ano Suruuyy pooyg ‘onanond medunysoq ssoa8 v pip oyM eoMp sup UI UO pue ‘Apog ayp UF saayastuatp poredut
S10U OM J. "JOp! sTayp UO Surssid sdeopas ayp jo suing atp ul saajasuzayp pating pue peay Au 19A0 pareoy Aay_[ "steads aup es | Uy
LL 9q Sam Au 293 pynod | ;UN Aazed step jo odwan atp UMop paMmoys pu J]9s11 BUNT] Jo Sug ayp 01 No payswad asnf | ‘AyEULy
‘adds st o1Seur ey ang ‘Apog At jo swypAup ay JoNUOD o1 aw smoTTE y>!SeUL Ay "Peay At SuUea|D uM prey ve SurALy sem |
‘pury Surdsead ‘a]Surs & pue yanow payyy-Suey auo ‘ada auo ‘peay any v yim aunBy paares Ajopnd
¥ log auOIS ay] "aay ayp Burde duos Surpuers 1ey & UO SuNLUTIN pue "poojg Jo s1x9Nq SULMONP a19M SIYAC) 1 JO YOo] ay Aq
pazis-pieq ‘oyseq jer any e Suuedaad as9m sno} Jo dauyL "SuNysy pue SurBurs ‘Bursuep sdeopay aoa aw punore |e 449] 01
posnyau peay Apy jaones andaqueq — aw ary [Jaws axp [AUN poo}q sem a1 YBNOUp | ‘]]9/A\ ‘POo}q UI pes9A09 puke payeu axOANe |
‘Bunpou
uot "ypimup sty jo ore zaayIs au Aves | "yseY e UI sn UaaMIIq aDUEISIp ap pazea> a} "UN Ie adeay ATUappns ay UaYyA punore pousMa |
"zeq oy Ie SUP BuruTUNG ut 19949 yaw or 21 and WHY Udes peY | pUE "YoINad e peYy oH "aw PUIyag SuTyMYs 4zeq ay Woy UDas
pey | 2u0 ‘deopas pjo ue paonou | ua |Jem 37902 8 podumnl | -apisino yea w 300 | ‘sooueUMIOPIad Au Jo 9UO JOYE ‘JeNsN sy
sdeopoi pue nyso
"yenys may e ada pur ‘siayD0U ‘s1Aaes Jo aquinu Atpyeay Balam azaYp Ng ‘ApsoU suRTOg YIM paz]y sem ade]d ay J TYsIU I~ INO
ueay Au padeyd J «qnd ayp ae Sunaau |]EMpoos & or UOARUOLY UUEID pur Avaxg WUEID PorAUT pey UUL]> ap Jo S4]O} ALL
‘41 0) pur sty sind ay jt ‘uoneprumut
aseueul ued uvaisog e ret sooud seuag "YrEIA\ UUR|D Jo UFEYaTYyD aup Aq UNA st pue UT] PuE Y>o7] aUp payed st qnd ay. "s|pPY
up spremor speay eu peod v UO UMO? Jo apis sam ax UO Gnd e s,axay "Aeave YreaIG INOA [eas |]!A\ SPUIM PUL ALATA aU]. "]]EI 199}
076 Ajieou puras y>rya ‘pueporg ut syTID oystY yp 02 ss92d8 JaYO s90p 31 Ing ‘sodoNaU e I,us} AOWAIYDAY Jo ae]pIA Oy

upyop-| 942. Jo pooug 242 pup Ur] PUD yo) 24, |


‘U]Y Jo 199 PuRsNOLP May B ayxeI Or aUETELUGNs
auf 10} YSnoua Huo] Isea] 1e 40 ‘SS9N| YDOT UE Ns YoTeDSoI
B (anoAap,, 01 dwane pjnom yrya peay anesourp axey
© piing 01 uejd Suruuno Ajreau e pey dayp §
warp adams Ajjerayy Aqsng aun ayp 4g awn ayp ae uy
oyses sare] Ysne] o2 faskur moype 01 |Jads ayduus ev weua
01 pey | ods Surpry Au aarosoid on saps0 uy "IYS4 pooy
Jeouaunys & pur suorysns aadooym ‘sarapam ‘sary ‘sund

atp umop

paviosse usamiag Ul Zea apew sea uejd SuLep sy |
datpour auo Surddejs-jtea pue Suryny
"Surn08-ado z9n00 pur uyynd ‘uoUITeS Baas 02 ay] SLE EY
asnf Surquosap aansnf op ued | ep 99} 3,UOp | ‘samnuTUE

OL noge 40} 1eqQui09 a¥!]-a8001g wi pasedua samp ay |
juaurystung [sano pappedsaq-Aapreg ‘papers

ayp o1uo Surdeay tog] :spseqng ps0] pur Auasof
jarqoog ‘wry Sunreq dorg [woos axp ut
SurAup sea reyp Aapseg Jo OS-10-200} atp YsNoIyp WHO} NO

uy Buymoung aun ayp Jo asour quads UIPOD]

"Aap 01 stay

satp10 94,9m ‘Sapisag jsa[nu aue sayny :sAseqng pro]
jmumuep ‘uoupes e wy
pur] Uo payrsaum a jateg [91eI9 B UO sHseqng YAM Tes af]
avef quaUuTutoad A194 & sey ay pur any AzDAIS B sey UNYs St]

peay pjeq & yaIM ueU IedUIOD & st Atuarof] :Awasaf
jarenbs pu srey yorew Surpsaim aya uom | 8e8
Auu st sitp pue read sty yD07] axp Jo poy WH] -Jaqqny wHEOy
paou | (UNOS ‘Yaqqny ureoy a10U! Aue 198 3,ueD NOA URDU
nod op ey [-uIynd v om waNa ued ay REP JaIe] No puNo}
1 Yo] payeaq e ax} sty aat3 asou pue uTYD parutod sty

~urey sty Ur sioyzeay ou1Ym sey sseqng] :sAseqng por]
preay | x94, "woo Aapeq paryeu axp Oru
puezappe] aya dn jaaen uondasiad Auw 39] pur Aapreg jo seq
umas-pueY autos puryaq Jato 1aINb e Puno} | "woos ax Jo
io payjem puke yo] ap or Surpea| sappey ax o1 parurod asnf
ay ‘ara Aayp oy paypse | YAY Ay ‘Spe] Yoo"] atp jo Sunaaur
10} SYo] SuLAup atp Jo auo J9A0 UAAIS peY JaxUY ase I9q,
passid sem Agsng ang ‘uoseay @ spaau ay 2eyp IONY "siAyPO

Ueyp [RPUAAe aL sem EPEyUA]D 01 UstA s,Avpof,

Areiaisag Areiouopy "uueasuutu) —

Sp] Yoo] 242 foBurs0QQ-Q 287)

2y2.Jo so2nuic{) &

SAN YO] paureu sea at

‘auoyauay J (jMOU I! UT ay] E St aay ]) ,,jsTU B UU YDo] ELL, ‘pres
ays Butaayaquy) "yro] yp 29802 AyUO 'y>eq payoo] pur saSpus.uays
yp Jo auo jo doa atp 02 uex ays 1eyR sey Os SuLMOY UWBaq Suds
AY] uaz any e Jo Wonog ayp ae Suds e o1 WuAM 2DUO TRUIOM e
YP WHE!D SHAE "aYe] ap Jo yPSua] ayp res 01 asny aup sem oy
‘snsfjy paureu oxy Ysuy Ue WON) Saut0D 11 TeYp sareIs BUG "aUIEU
yo] atp Jo a2mnos ay puryaq spuds] jerAas are aray

fayBiCD 242 Jo as]

Onl

‘samaid sn20}-J0-2no 10} Futsod aq 01 sw9as MoU UORDUNY
uureur sat ang ‘ajdoad aay e payfry aaey 0 porndar st a] "996 ‘G'V
Ppunoze aumawios Aeme aungeadd yp paudrysry equIN}OD "Ig II
ples st a] "Azoasty auaroue ue sey aye] ayp Jo aseaq qasd Oy],

882) 4207]

Jer ul ayaasUA] aUp ue SINED Mopeyg
ayp jo sasejd Sunsaw auoaey ay jo uO st pue ‘sIs!eUCHEU
ysmoog 40 aSeunuipid jo aejd ayp st ay ‘saozay pur sfaspunoos
{og sINeME 20D) UI|D ‘sIODdg aUp jo xopered ay o2 ara,
"up| sip Jo a8pas paureaspooyq-2ou0 ay Uo pasn20}
aue SuIppiq 218 Ip OYM NoIg axp pue YsHuq axp soy sBurpo9}
prep] "purus ysmoog ayp o1ut pouang aze Arorsty sy puw aus sI4L,
"siajpiNUL stay WoY apry 02 29uEYD OU Pry spreuOCDEPY ayy MOY,
aurfeutt ue auo ‘Uap atp jo sapis daais atp pue pueyoow usieq
yp uodn syoo] auo uay,\ ‘sISOY JIaUp pasapanu pur YSU TUA!UE
ayp pakenag Aap ‘769] "Ey Aseruqay ‘oum yup jo pua au ay
"Jaan 8 404 19] 94s pue pooy Uaals pur spur] s,pjeUoC]>eW ap 01U0
patiojam azam syjaqduse ayp "arpendsoy jo aysiz yuaroue ay But
Aue] "uepp axp ystund o1 ‘sjeau spjeuopoeyy axp ‘s}jaqduu
1uas 10198) YsMOdg §SuPy ay "puEpsug yo [J] weNT|LA\ 02 AaqE.
sams 10U P]nom jaryp spjeuoc]reyy ayp asnedaq pauNd90 2198
AYLL "spqdwuey ayp Aq sppeuogoeyy ayp jo axDesseu snorsyseaN
puke snowreyur ayp jo aus ay st stu ‘uays daap ‘Ajauo] y
TOL Teg Wat Uy "URAPEY saseLy —
maf asoys fo 2uo st ‘249psspu snownfur ayr fo au99s
ayn ‘209u2]p) fo ssvq ay ‘puppoag uf ***suonpmdar aso or dn
aay ‘Bunuaas asa w ‘mag "suonmndas pina aavy sand Kury

spupjyBy | uxd2s9P}/) ‘907 Ud]

uo} Jeussdeg auors
sqpanyp pauimu ayp ut poumoap wny punoy Aep axau ayp ang ystU
je wy sao paysiess Ady] "apisut wiry Suninys"yomnyp paura eo
wry passeap pur unry paqqead sraypo ay J "Jood ayp premon Suruura
uvgaq Ajare;paurut oym ‘uaty aup Jo auo Ie paruiod ayg ‘aaepns
si] Uo poors pu ood asadaap ayp jo no aso1 ueWION yep ‘yyENLAG
8 Vay spoom atp UT SUDpPOM Azam WaUE May e ‘AEP [fe] UD)
"WOOP sty 01 WeUL e |]eD pjnod jood styp Jo ardjay ay J "as10y e UMOP
110d js ued sarppa szaau arp pue daap aze Aaup ‘w]e are sooepns
gay Yysnorp ‘sjood oma suo} 192A ayp ‘spoom ay jo UONIas
ISMPEP Ip UI "asnop] UOUCT Po]]e9 spoom aUIOs YZnoI sMoy
yp Iya 29au atp Jo uoRDas e suxaIU09 9]e snOUTE-IsoUT 94,
punoge sau
ayp Buope siunds sa1em [1a9 19tpo pue sardjay Jo sae | ‘paxdaoosip
sey Japuryysi}] 4ood & Auewi se ‘snosapanu st |]nd s1ayp ‘asino>
Jiayp uarysrens pue asi siayen si! Uaya spooy Sutin "sjood Ayznur
‘daap pue saypians Sunsiaa Aueut sey Jaary UOUOD ay
Ausemor wurE]D Jo UeBBoq ‘sIT]!QZeyy UNsNg —

uowod ay) fo sayovas 40p aya pun kpp) jaf ayy ax0maq
YOAL] UoUuo7) oY

Surypdue inoge
Agsng 10.9yUY YIM andre 01 proye 2, ued Aay_] "yDI09g epEYsUa|,
‘aey atp Jo e129U ayp Jo} WiMAX UT sIO pu Aopeq aNq'NUOD


The Trossachs

Ben Lomond.

in its simple majesty, clout-capt or bare, and
descending to a point at he head of the lake, shews the Trossacs
beyond, tumbling about their blue ridges like woods waving... .where
solitude and peace might make their lasting home, if peace were to be
found in solitude!

William Hazlitt, Letter to James Sheridan Knowles

The Trossachs span part the central region and of Fife. This
land is blessed with incredible beauty, poised as it is at the meeting
place of the Lowlands and Highlands. It was the old stomping
ground of Rob Roy

Now it is the eye of s storm growing in Caledonia. It is the
place where the borders of the Kingdoms of Alba and Dalriada
meet, and therefore the front lines of Highland clanns. The beauty
of forest and loch is often stained red with blood, and the darker
stains of betrayal and murder.

Recently, the Questing Beast has been spotted here, which
has fostered heavily-armed sidhe hunting parties into the Trossachs.
Seeing the creature is the newest fad in all the sidhe courts. The
clanns have taken advantage of this, and many a brave knight has
been set upon by the commoners. Most have just been stripped, but
a few have been ransomed or killed.

ThePine Scand

The mighty sidhe are as blind as ever. The Questing Beast has
led them here to my bower, but do they listen? Their avarice and pride

Chapcer five: Catedoma, Land o}

stuffs up their ears like maggots filling the body of fat cony! It will
devour them in the end! Now get me a mocha latte!
Lailoken, ghille dhu

The Pine Stand is found somewhere in the Shadow of Ben
Venue, but only ghille dhu, or fae led by them, can find it. This is
the bower (glade) of two ghille dhu, Lailoken and Edghann.
Lailoken is ancient and is Edghann's mad mentor. Few other fae
have seen Lailoken, and he seems bored by the politics of Caledonia.
His goal is the rebirth of the Tuath Glas Cu, the Barren Pool of
Scotland. Fearing his own Winter before his mission can be
completed, he sends Edghann to combat Dr. Erskine and his
Dauntain, but Edghann has so far been unsuccessful. His greatest

enemy is the Bedlam which always creeps at his heels.

Aderfoyle Cloiscer, Cencral
The Scots have a superstitious reliance on the efficacy of going
constantly to church. Many of them may be said to pass their lives
there, for they go almost without ceasing, an look so sorrouful..as
if they were going, not only to bury ther sins, but themselves
Captain Edward Topham, Leuers from Edinburgh
Near the old Kirk of Aberfoyle sitsa small house once used as
the church's cloister. Its minister in the late 1600s was Robert Kirk,
a Presbyterian, Kitk published a book called The Secret Common-
Wealth, an earnest account of the fae races and their natures.
Unlike previous books on the fae, it did not equate the fae with
switches-on: demonic: fares; but: approoched; them, as-a:natural

Hope and Becrayal


phenomenon. Soon after publication of the book, he was found
unconscious on an fairy knoll located near the church. Many
believed that he had been kidnapped, and the person delivering
their sermons after his abduction was of fae stock. A few months
after he returned, Kirk suddenly died. On the day of his funeral, his
ghostly image appeared to his brother and pleaded to free him from
the land of the fae. To free him the brother had to wait for the
instant of Kirk's unborn son's Christening, and then stab Kirk's
chair with a knife. A year later, all the relatives gathered together
at the little house behind the church for the Christening. At the
moment the water touched the babe's head, several apparitions
capered around the house; one seemed to be Kirk, but the others
were monstrous. Kirk's brother was so afraid that he missed the
opportunity, and Kirk was never seen again.

The Isles: The Orkneys
and Sheclands

Orkney lay athwart a great sea-way

from Viking times onwards, and its lore

is crowded with sailors, merchants, adventurers.

pilgrims, smugglers, storms and sea-changes

The shores are strewn with wrack, jetsam.

occasional treasure.

— George Mackay Brown

The 67 Orkney islands are the most fertile of the island
archipelagos. These low-lying, windswept islands support crops of

Isle of che CDighcy

barley, oats and turnips and herds of cattle and sheep. Nowadays,
North Sea petroleum dominates the economy of these islands

The 100 or more isles of the Shetland archipelago are the
most from the Scottish mainland. The land is low, wet and spongy,
and the sea carves the shoreline into strange forms. Many of the
islands look like mesas rising from the sea. Shepherds taking their
animals to new pastures often have to haul their animals by rope
and pulley to the soft tablelands.

The fae of these stormy islands are dominated by trolls. Fierce
and independent, these trolls only give their loyalty to those
warriors who can best them in battle. The thanes (knights) and
jarls gather together in loose bands to war upon each other, or to
sell their services to the fae of the Isle of the Mighty

Asa is the most powerful troll in the Orkneys and Shetlands.
A jarl of immense power, she controls a huge number of troll
thanes. Niall, one of Alba's artificers, created a magic longship for
her, in payment for the times her warriors have supported the
armies of Alba.

OQuiarfie Scane, Hoy and
Gramsay, Orkney

A day and night on the cold stone bed, and the ogre king's blood
will be yours
Troll saying, Orkneys
The Dwarfie Stane is a huge block of sandstone forming a
rough rectangle perhaps 20 feet long, eight feet deep and six feet

high. The inside of the block has been hollowed out. Each end


contains a carven stone bed, complete with pillows. A small hole
is carved above each stone bed

Fae legend has it that an ogre king and queen of the Isles were
deposed for their barbarity and locked into the stone. Food was
dropped through the holes. Eventually they went mad and killed
each other. Any troll who can spend a day and a night lying on the
bed is supposed to be given the strength of the ogre king and all of
his victims.

Trolls

All the faeries of the Shetlands were traditionally identi-
fied as trolls. Popular superstition claims that they were ugly,
wore gray clothes, were fond of the fiddle and only came out at
night. Trolls and their legends are so popular that they creep
into ordinary speech and even place names: Trolla Stack and
Trolldale Water, for example. Here are some examples of troll-
influenced local terms:

Trows — Troll (pl. trowie); dwarf, dwarfie also refers to
the same creatures.

Trollet — Misshapen.

Trollamog — A mischievous person,

Trollmolet — "Troll-mouthed," surly.

Trollaplukk — A slow-moving clod.

Trowie Knowe — Chambered cairns that dot the
Shetlands. These mounds were the homes of the trolls, and it
is said that the faeries music can still be heard at night. The
most important Trowie Knowe is known by that same name at
Northmavine, Shetland.

Ratcadans, Feclar, Sheclands

An angry troll always has time to dance a jig

—Shetlander Proverb

The name haltadans means "the limping dance," the steps of
which are still known to the people of the Shetlands. Legend has
it that the dance tune was taught to the people by the trolls.

The termalso describesa group of low stones with wwoslightly
higher stones in its center. The outer ring of stone represents a
group of trolls and the center figures are the troll fiddler and his
wife. Ifsomeone can play the original version of the haltadans song,
the figures will animate

Ve Skerries, Shecland

Don't touch the sea-trows skin!
ey Proverb

s is a group of rocks northwest of the Isle of
Papa Stour. It was believed to be the homes of many selkies. There
isa tale that one day aship landed and collected the skins of several
seals laying on Ve Skerries. One of the fishermen was left behind
when the sea grew rough, and he saw the sea-trows, which had been
scared off by the men, return. They explained that without their
animal skins they were unable to return to their underwater
kingdom. Other seals pealed off their skins and revealed that they
were also selkies. One of these, a beautiful selkie named Gioga,
offered to take the fisherman home ifhe promised to get the others'
skins back. He agreed, and she bore him on her back to Papa Stour.
He and Gioga had many misadventures, but managed to get all the
seal skins back .

Chapczer five: Caledoma, Land oj Hope and Becrayal



The Scots have labored under hard stereotypes: cheapskates, and Scots whose faces shine with tears at the skirl of the pipes or
drunkards, bullies and barbarians, to name a few. Like any people, the lilting words of a Burns' recital. Scots are: brewers, business-
they are a mix of opposites. They are proud of their heritage, but ' ns, fishermen, firemen, athletes, accountants,
mindful of their darker history. There are frugal Scots and Scots ders, Islanders and Lowlanders. All Scots together.

who are generous. There are Scots whoare greedy and materialistic

The Clans

The clan system of government ended with the defeat of Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1746 at the battle of Culloden, although it
survives vestigially and with some romance in popular culture. "Clan" differs from "clann" in that the former term refers to humans
rather than fae.

Originally, as with all Celts, the Scotti and their ancestors organized themselves in extended families called clans. (The "Mac"
and "Mc" of many Scottish names means "son of.") Family branches were called septs, but sept members were not in the direct line
ofsuccession from the clan's founding ancestor. This common ancestor usually is said to have come from Ireland, but Icelandic families
and even mythical beings also spawned clans.

The chief was believed to be semi-divine and as such, loyalty to him was absolute. The chieftain was the only person who actually
owned anything of value; all tems and lands were dispensed to his followers due to their rank and service. Positions such as war leaders,
banner carriers and bards were often hereditary.

Tartans are an 18th- and 19th-century addition to clan lore. Clans also had badges and particular slogans. The badges began as
flowers or sprigs of plants, which were pinned to the bonnet or clothing during battle to identify friend and foe. Slogans rallied one's
clansmen before or duringa fight. The importance of slogans points to the significance of oratory in clan life. A chieftain or his druid
or bard always spoke before great events, especially battles, glorifying the ancestry of the clan's warriors and belittling that of the
opponents.

For example, the badge of Clan Fergusson is a honey bee atop a thistle; The family slogan is "Dulcius ex asperis," meaning,
"Sweetness out of difficulty."


The Richamn

Historically, the most populous kith in Scotland were the
sidhe, redcaps, boggans and nockers. Of course some sluagh lived
in the labyrinths beneath the various mountain ranges. With the
construction of sewers many slaugh moved to the cities of the
Central Belt. Satyrs were often mistaken for the devil in ancient
Scotland, and their numbers are still few. Selkies are all over the
islands although their numbers have diminished on the Shetlands
due to the Murchison oil fields.

Seehie

The Seelie court of Caledonia has two related concerns: the
War of Ivy and Caledonia's lack ofa high king. Most nobles feel that
ahigh king could galvanize the forces and resources of the separate
kingdoms and finally take the Cridhe from the commoners.

Caledonia is ripe for a (high) kingmaker. Duke Leyden was
the favorite for this position, since it was commonly believed that
most of Ross' political successes, such as his victory over the
Kingdom of Dew, were due to Leyden's machinations. Since
Leyden has turned to the Unseelie, those hopes seem dashed.
Although many sidhe feel that Ross would make a good high king,
many feel that he cannot take the post by himself. Now nobles
whisper about matching Queen Glynis and King Ross, but neither
royal has voiced an opinion on the subject. Some have even heard
rumors that Ross plans to marry a countess from Wales, but that
seems like idle talk. Niall is the favorite of most of the commoners,
but his obsession with the Contrivancy makes most of the nobles
wary of a "clockwork" throne.

Unseechie

The commoner Unseelie are slow to accept sidhe claiming to
be Unseelie. Only recently have commoner Unseelie groups like
the Ban-Durrag associated with the sidhe. The sidhe Unseelie,
such as Duke Leyden, have found these commoners are difficult to
manipulat den's loss of control of the Ban-Durrag is a serious
ocialist

Seelie commoners have become Unseelie anarchists since the War

loss of standing with the Unseelie. Many of the once:

of Ivy. They will never accept a sidhe in their midst

Kingdom of Oalriada

The kingdom has many sidhe subjects, but commoners fill
most of the ranks of the islands. The nobles are extremely loyal to
Ross but they are beginning to murmur amongst themselves. They
would rather Ross move his capitol to Edinburgh, yet he ignores

their plights. More seriously, he has no queen, much less an heir.

Many have subtly proposed Glynis or Rachel, and some have even
whispered that one of the beautiful countesses of Wales would
make a good wife.

Ross, King of Oalriada

Rosshit the ground running during the War of lvy. Heand his
majordomo, Leyden, rallied the sidhe in and around Glasgow and

Isle of che CDighcty

tumed them intoone of the fiercest fighting forces on the Isle of the
Mighty. He has always led from the front, and his personal skill and
bravery so impressed the nocker general defending the city that
when Ross charged his lines (and many of the commoner forces
broke and ran) the general met Rosson bended knee and presented
him his sword. With the legions of commoners won over by his
bravery, Ross carved out one of the largest kingdoms in Caledonia.
Since the end of the War of Ivy, he has tripled the influence of his
kingdom, gaining the Hebrides and the jewel of Caledonia,
Edinburgh, and the Tuath of Dew.

Ross means to conquer all of Caledonia, by whatever means
necessary. He has struck upon a scheme that may grant him the
wayward Highlands, the very heart of Caledonia. If Ross could
convince the Highland clans that a dire threat menaces Scot-
land, he just might be able to rally their support and thus learn the
secrets of Wallace's Walk. Ross believes that a goaded English or
Welsh attack on Caledonia's borders might be the catalyst he
needs. Yet at this point, he waits to carry his plan to fruition.

Ross is plagued by nightmares. In his dreams, itis his brother,
Calum Erskine, not he who sits on the throne of Caledonia. Ross
fears these dreams; he doesn't know if they'r
childhood competition or truly prescient.

extension of

Cou elie

Legacies: Paladin/Fatalist
House: Gwydion
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical:

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 3, Dodge 3,
Expression 1, Interrogation 2, Intimidation 5, Intrigue 3,
Kenning 3, Sense Deception 1, Subterfuge 5


Skills: Acrobatics 1, Archery 3, Dancing 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 3,

Falconry 1, Hunting 1, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Ride 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Heraldry 3, Law 1, Lore (Seelie Court) 3,

Politics 4

Arts: Primal 4, Sovereign 5, Wayfare 3

Actor 3, Fae 4, Nature 1, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Dreamers 3, Gremayre 3, Holdings 4, Political
nections 3, Resources 5, Retinue 5, Title 6, Tre:

Trod 5

Realm:

Treasures: Ross! greatsword grants him an automatic two
actions in combat and gives him two dice added to any Sovereign
cantrip. When the sword is held in his hands, thunder rolls in the
distance. Dealanach (Gaelic forlightning), hangsabovehisthrone,
unsheathed at all times. (Ross unsheathed itafter the Battle of Dew
and Tears, and he has sworn not to sheathe it until he is high king
of all Caledonia.) The pommel is the body of a griffin, the guards
are its wings, and the blade is its tongue. A ruby is inset at the base
of the blade, representing the griffin's eyes.

Image: In is mortal seeming Russell Erskine appears to be aman
inhis early thirties, although he should look about 15 years older. He
wears his red hair in a tight braid and dresses in gray or black suits. In
his fae seeming, Ross! mane of red hair is his most distinguishing
feature. He wears tt loose and itfalls far below his shoulders. This wild
look is intensified by his black eyes that flicker with an inner light,
especially while he is towering over persons who displease him. Ross
is fond of holding meetings, or making nobles wait, while he spars
with hisknights. Hisphysique is impressive;he lacks the willowy look
that so many sidhe ladies find attractive, for he is tall and broad.

Roleplaying Hints: Listen. Intimidate. Command. You are a
man withan impendingdoom. Youmustunite Caledonia before you
die. The night you awoke on this Earth a chimerical griffin told you
that. Though you have never divulged this secret meeting, it drives
you beyond all other distractions. You have grown short-tempered
of late. There is a key to Caledonia, but it eludes you. You have not
conquered any territory in four years and your wilder years slip from
you. In the dark heart of the night, dreams plague you. You will give
almost anything for thatkey tothe throne, possibly even yourhonor.

Gruach

Gruach combines the attributes of a dark beauty with sin and
s, she has wormed her way
into court of late, much to the distress of Dalriada's courtiers. Many

danger. Ross' lover for the past few

fae in the Tuath of Iron whisper of her connections to the Shadow's
Market and possibly even the }
true motivations.

lonkey's Paw. No one knows her

The sluagh first came to court at the behest of Duke Leyden.
Shrewd observers think she may well have been his mistress before
she became Ross', that he gave her favors in return for her insights
into the court. Leyden's plan backfired, however, when she be-
came the favorite of Ross and tumed her back on the duke. Gruach
has a Lowland accent, though she has never spoken of her life
before coming to Dalriada.

s: Rogue/Sage
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sluagh

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appears

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talent: cting 1, Alertness 3, Diplomacy 1, Intrigue 3,
Kenning 1, Seduction 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Dancing
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Dalriada) 2, Enigmas 2, Lore
(Forbidden Secrets) 2, Lore (Seelie) 2, Lore (Unseclie) 3,
Mythlore 2, Poisons 1, Politics 2

Etiquette 1, Stealth 3

Arts: Chicanery 2, Primal 3, Soothsay 1, Sovereign 1, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 3, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Gremayre 1, Patron 5, Political Con-
nections 5, Resources 3

Glamour:

5
5

Banality:

ge: Bone thin, with chalk-whiteskin, Gruach isnonethe
less alluring. Her shadowed sapphire eyes speak of promises in the
dark, and her floor-length black hair is silky and soft. She usually
wears tight leather bodices over long, crinkled silk skirts, and not
much else! Gruach's one weakness is fine jewelry; she fairly drips
with it when dressed for court

Roleplaying Hints: Tell people enough to gain their atten-
tion, even if it means givingawayaminorsecret. Then, gently press
them for useful information, making them feel guilty about not
repaying your kindness should they balk.


‘Tuach of Iron

The Tuath of Iron is a perfect example of the duality of
Caledonian fae life. The populace is dominated by sidhe. Drawn
there by Ross' power and personality, knights stride the parks and
playgrounds of the rich. The Tuath isalso the axis of power for the
Unseelie. Its sewers are the circus of the Ban-Durrag, and its

shadows are sanctuary for assassins.

Ouke Leyden of House

Duke L

grump caused less of a splash in the kingdom than expected. Long

(den's change from a Seelie wilder to an Unseelie

believed to be the kingmaker, the wits behind Ross' might and
dash, Leyden and his fall is seen by envious sidhe courtiers as a
reward for the Duke's passion for plots and political maneuvering
Courtiers from House Eiluned watch his movements with dis-
guised admiration.

Leyden has gathered together a group of spies and assassins,
named the Black Watch, in
friend, Ross, is capable of ruling. He has also forged relationships
with the Shadow's Market and the Ban-Durrag. Unfortunately he
has lost control of his most influential spy, Gruach. Still, he waits

he no longer feels that his old

in the darkness of his rath, contemplating his woes and the good
fortune of his best friend. One day his hate will finish eating his
heart and he will strike. Till then, the Black Watch swells in the
sunless places of the Tuath of Iron, pregnant with anticipation.
Court: Unseelie

ies: Fatalist/Regent

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Empathy 1, Intimidation 2, Kenning

Deception 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Archery 3, Dancing 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1,
Leadership 3, Melee 2, Ride 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Dalriada) 4, Enigma

Heraldry 4, Law 2, Mythlore 1, Occult 1, Politics 5

Arts: Chronos 4, Legerdemain 2, Primal 4, Soothsay 1,
Sovereign 5, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 5, Pro}

Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 5, Gremayre 3, Political
Connections 5, Resources 4, Retinue 2, Title 5, Treasures 4

Treasures: Duke Leyden has two Treasures. The first is a small

crystal decanter of blown glass, filled with an amber liquid. This liquor
is the Elixir of Danu; warming and delicious to sip, the stuff acts as an
incredibly powerful truth drug. The imbiber's Willpower drops one
point per tum for 1-10 tums, though the victim may become aware of
this with a successful Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 8). The
problem is, the victim won't want to stop drinking the elixir until his
glass is empty, nor will he recall the specific effects once they recover.

The second treasure is Claon, an ashwood longbow, a gift from
a former Fianna lover in Ireland. Carved with knotwork, stags and
lions, the bow is easy to pull yet allows a + 1 bonus to a Dexterity
+ Archery roll. However, the arrows it fires become invisible.

Image: Leyden is no longer young, but still is incredibly
handsome. Tall and muscular, he stays in good shape for a man of
his years. His close-cropped hair is an elegant silver, and his dark-
blue eyes flash with wisdom and power. Leyden wears simple but
elegant dress, usually black-linen tunics under an embroidered silk
House Fiona surcoat.

Roleplaying Hints: You still possess the passion and fervor of
your house, but you keep it under tight rein. You are very disap-
pointed in Guach, and if you could strike upon a plan that would
leave you free from accusations, you would take action against her.
For many years you upheld goodness and honor; now, it's time to
enjoy how the other half lives.

Lorna Barnes (Tinker'sOamn)

Loma Bamesalwayswanted to create music, whetherthrough
song or instruments. The problem was that Loma was hopelessly
tone-deaf. Her teachers always made her be silent in choir, only
allowing her to move her lips while the other children sang, She
couldn'teven passthe entry test forchildren's orchestra. Yet, Lorna
still loved music, spending all her money on CDs and additions to
her sound system. Then, in her late teens, her faerie nature
blossomed, and Lorna had a new lease on her dream.

Loma now lives out her fantasies by producing music ma-
chines; these include harps, recorders, harpsichords, psalteries,
accordions and, of late, highly complex clockwork synthesizers.
Loma still can't sing, but she is happier now that others can
appreciate her musical talent. The young nocker fervently hopes
for a position with the bards or within the court of a noble.


Court: Seelie
Legacies: Crafter/Wretch
Seeming: Wilder
Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talent
Empathy 2
Skills: C

Knowledges: Computer 2, Science (Metallurgy) 4

lertness 2, Artistic Expression (Music Appreciation) 4,
2, Kenning 2
ifts 4, Drive 1, Jeweler 2, Mechanic 3

Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 3, Primal 1, Wayfare 2
Realms: Fae 2, Prop 4
Backgrounds: Dreamers 2, Gremayre 1, Resources 2
Glamour: 6
Banality: 2
Willpower: 6

Image: Loma appears younger than her 22 years, and she is
relatively cheerful for a nocker. In mortal seeming, she has shoul-
der-length brown hair, brown eyes and a light build. As a nocker,
her eyes are dark garnet; she generally wears her spiky hair in two
pig-tails. Lorna prefers to wear thick sweaters and long tartan skirts,
even while working. She looks like a wayward school girl with her
white skin and pink cheeks,

Roleplaying Hints: Never miss a chance to hear a perfor-
mance or meet a musician. You stand in awe of anyone who creates
melody from the instruments you make, so fawn accordingly.

Fearchar (Shadows CDarkec)

Fearchar mimics the sluagh in his preference for whispering,
but the sluagh are much too pretentious killers for his tastes. He
prefers the quiet precision and esthetics of poison. Fearchar will go
to great lengths to diversify his stash of fatal potions. One favorite

is the poison in two parts; each element in itself is harmless. But
when the two come together, a virtually untraceable death results.
Fearchar often employs down-on-their-luck fae and mortals to
make trips around Scotland to gather certain herbs and animals for
him. Rarely, though, do these poor patsies realize exactly what
they're getting themselves into. Fearchar can come across asa very
kind patron, if he chooses.
A masterchefinhumanseeming, Fearcharruns Bana Sithean,
"The White Fairy Hill," one of the best restaurants in Glasgow.
Fearchar's twisted sense of morality prohibits him from ever
performing a hit in the restaurant proper; however, he often uses
itasaplace for meeting clients and brokering in lives. On the other
hand, he isn't at all above sabotaging other fine eating establish
ments, and more than one restaurant has gone out of business after
a food poisoning scandal.
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Savage/Paladin
Seeming: Wilder
Kith:
Physical

Satyr
Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Carousing
Seduction 2, Streetwise 3, Style

2, Intimidation 2, Intrigue 4,
bterfuge 3

Skills: Brewing 1, Cooking 5, Drive 1, Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Dream Lore 1, Enigmas 3, Herbalism 4, Law 1,
Linguistics 2, Medicine 1, Occult 2, Poisons 5
Arts: Chicanery 1, Chronos 2,
Soothsay 2
Realm
Background:
Connections 2, Resources 4

egerdemain 3, Primal 3,
Sovereign 1

3, Prop 3
Contacts 3, Dreamers 3, Gremayre 1, Political

Actor

Glamour: 6
Banality: 5

1®
ES


Image: In his human seeming as Stewart MacDonough,
Fearchar is a sharp dresser. He wears tailor-made suits, a fresh
camation in his lapel and an elegant Rolex. His clear gray eyes and
dark hair make him irresistible to female customers. When in the
kitchen, he dons the usual black-checked pants and white tunic;
the kitchen is his studio, and he keeps only the best equipment
there. As a satyr, Fearchar's hair is a deep chestnut brown. He
constantly wears a polite smile, never revealing his true nature.

Roleplaying Hints: Act charming and genteel to the clien-
tele, and never lose your temper with anyone. Nothing ever ruffles
you too badly. Answer slights with a quick and definite response.
Use others accordingly; they're here solely for your benefit, anyway.

Tuach of Oew

The Tuath of Dew boasts a wider variety offae than any other
epthe
fae away with acold-iron broom. Under Duchess Flora's orders, the

kingdom. As the place for artists in Scotland, you couldn't

Knights of Dew deal very harshly with any Kithain who dares to
ravage an artist in the tuath

Ouchess [ora

Aslongasshe can remember, Flora Sinclairhas loved flowers.
As a child, she grew tulips in window boxes at her family's
Edinburgh flat. When she got older, she took as many courses in
horticulture and botany as the state school curriculum allowed.
Finally, Flora was able to secure a loan and open her own florist
shop and greenhouse. Here, the young boggan nurtures fine Dutch
tulips, Japanese irises and delicate Hawaiian orchids, with the help
of two large chimerical ladybugs that keep away pests. Along the
way, she also picked up an interest in continental philosophy. A
recent addition to her flower boutique is a salon. In the evenings,
this is a premiere gathering place for closet intellectuals who wish
to debate the finer points of high thought.

Some of Flora's most devoted patrons are members of Clan
Toreador. She and the Kindred are mutually respectful of each
other and, truth to tell, Flora enjoys their company. Discussing the
finer points of Descartes is much more fascinating when one
member of the company has actually met the philosopher!
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Courtier/Peacock
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Bogan
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Artistic Expression 4, Diplomacy 2,
Empathy 2, Intrigue 1
Skills: Crafts 4, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Leadership 3, Storytelling |
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, History 3, Linguistics 2, Literature 4, Lore
(Kindred) 3, Mythlore 1, Occult 1, Psychology 1, Theology 1
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 3, Primal 1, Wayfare 2
Realms: Nature 4, Prop 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Dreamers 1, Resources 3, Title 5, Trod 3

Isle of the COighzy

Glamour: 6
Banality: 4
Willpower: 6

Image: Pleasantly plump and just about five-and-a-half-feet
tall, Flora usually donsa plain skirt, ewin-setand apron while inher
shop. Asa human, she has green eyes and light-brown hair, usually
worn inaponytail. When dressing forcourt, Flora gets quite formal,
in a sweeping gown of green satin embroidered with lilies and
thistles. As a boggan, she becomes a bit shorter and more stout.

Roleplaying Hints: You love creating beauty with your
flowers, happily taking care of the needs of nobles and commoners
alike. But you're also an incredibly intelligent woman, and the
nightly repartees in the salon charge you with energy. You are
pleased that you can entertain the Toreador, for they are an
intellectual commodity, even if they are dead

Tuach of Shadow

The Tuath of Shadow is heavily populated with boggans,
nockers and trolls. Bethag and the few knights under her control
are constantly negotiating with clann chieftains and participating
in arrests and a few skirmishes

Bechag of House Scachach,
Warlord of che Isles

Bethag has a daunting presence. Standing sev
quarter feet tall, she towers over most sidhe and even a few trolls.
Her fighting prowess is legendary and she runs a kendo dojo in her
mortal seeming. Many sidhe knights swallow their pride and
pledge service to her cause (she will take no squires) for the
opportunity of leaning from the greatest fencer in Caledonia,
Bethag hates being Ross' vassal and abhors being a leader of
a tuath, but her sense of duty and honor runs so deep that she
cannot tum her back on the commoners. Much to her surprise, she

vand-a-


has grown to like a few of the sidhe knights who have come to her
for training.

Her greatest fear is that one day Ross will discover her
knowledge ofa trod connecting the Near Isle Trods with Wallace's
Walk. This is the fabled key to the Highlands that Ross so badly
needs to rout the clanns. Bethag would almost rather die than give
up the secret of this trod.

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Regent/Beast
House: Scathach
Seeming: Wilder

idhe

ical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 1, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Kenning 1
Skills: Acrobatics 1, Archery 2, Blind Fighting 1, Dancing 1,
Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Fast-Draw 2, Leadership 3, Melee 5, Ride 2,
Stealth 1, Survival 1
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (The Isles) 2, Heraldry 3, Politics 2
Arts: Dream-Craft 3, Legerdemain 2, Primal 2, Soothsay 1,
Wayfare 4
Realms: Fae 5, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Holdings 3, Political Connections 2,
Resources 2, Retinue 2, Title 3, Treasures 2, Trod 5
Glamour: 5
Banality: 2
Willpower: 7

Treasures: Bethag owns a beautiful claymore. While not
magical, the sword is well-balanced and very sharp. The pommel
is set with an amber stone containing a large dragonfly.

Image: In her sidhe seeming, she prefers a loose black shirt
and tights for ease of fighting. Bethag's hair is long and flows like
gold; her eyes are large and violet.

Roleplaying Hints: You have little use for most foppish sidhe
courtiers, being a woman of action, not words. Still, if someone
comestoyouwithagenuine desire to leam and serve, you're willing
togive hima try. Actstern and bluffeveryone, lest they suspect you
have a kind heart

The Bardic College

The Bardic College isa secret association of master fae, mages
and Garouartists. This group meets periodically on the Isle of Skye.
Under Alasdair, a Master Bard, a few have begun a Domesday
Book, a survey of all things supernatural in Caledonia.

Alasdair of House ona,
CDaszer Bard,
Nadurrachd of che Bardic College

Nominally attached to The Kingdom of Three Hills, Alasdair
MaclInnes is a wilder sidhe, and prefers the freedom of the road. In
his human seeming he isa piano tuner, which allows him to travel
all over the country, no questions asked. He has never turned his
back on his human side, and still keeps up with all the musical
trends and his numerous relatives. He is a master of the highland
pipes, the harp and the flute, and his voice is known to make even
redcaps weep. He is good friends with Lorna Bames and has been
largely responsible for spreading word of her instrument sales
among other bards.

The Domesday Book ishis first foray into the world of politics,
not counting satirical songs. Alasdair knows that he is risking
much, but his greatest loyalty is to his art. He will risk all to protect
it. Little does he know that darker forces are carefully watching
him, waiting for the sidhe to overstep his bounds and meet with an
unpleasant accident
Court:

Legacies: Troubadour/Fool

House: Fiona

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 3, Artistic Expression 4, Brawl 1,
Carousing 1, Empathy 2, Expression 3, Kenning 2, Streetwise 2,
Ventriloquism 1

Skills: Dancing 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Game Playing 1, Perfor-
mance 5, Singing 5, Storytelling 3

Knowledges: Dream Lore 2, Enigmas 2, Heraldry 1, History 2,
Literature 1, Lore (Seelie) 3, Lore (Unseelie) 2, Mythlore 3,
Occult 1

Arts: Primal 2, Soothsay 2, Sovereign 4, Wayfare 4

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 4, Scene 4

Chapcer Six: Lads and Lasses


Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Dreamers 2, Gremayre 3, Political
Connections 2, Resources 2

Glamour: 5

lasdair is tall and ruggedly handsome. His reddish:

gold hair flows over his strong shoulders. Unlike many sidhe, he

wears a beard. The bard prefers a tartan kilt to trews, fastening the

garment with an emerald brooch. Alasdair is also one of the nicest

cdonia; he's generous, kind and always willing to listen.

Roleplaying Hints: You like people immensely; they're fun

to watch and exciting to entertain. But you're also a man of

knowledge, collecting it being half the thrill. Cultivate friendships

and be open and trusting until someone gives you a reason to do
otherwise.

Kingdom of Alda

The Kingdom of Albais the stronghold ofthe nockers. Under
the generous rule of Niall and the knights of House Dougal, the
nockers have built an entire chimerical factory, the Contrivancy.
The kingdom also supports a high population of boggans, selkies
and trolls. Most of these are found in the coastal villages.

iall, King of Alda
(Nouse Oougal)

When the redcaps attacked, Niall was entering Chrysalis. A
motley of nockers saved him from being Ravaged by the foul
creatures. The nockers brought him through his Chrysalis and
taught him about the cruelties of his kith. He did not have long to
leam of his kith or house, for Ross' army swept northward after
being rebuffed by King Baird.

Niall, a few other members of House Dougal, and the nockers
who Sained him recruitedacommoner-based army and headed south

Isle of the COighcy

to meet Ross. As the two armies fought, Niall's forces continually
grew stronger as sidhe and commoner came to his side. Still they
faced defeat, but Asa, Jarl of the Orkneys, led many of her kith down
from the north, and they ground over the forces of the griffin like a
glacier. Ross, for the first and only time, was forced to retreat
Wounded by age and the loss of his voice box to cancer, Niall
wears his crown heavily
His grumpdom has seen him evermore distracted by the
devices he and his Contrivancy build; many who fear Ross!
ambition worry about their king's priorities.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Regent/Outlaw
House: Dougal
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appears
Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Brawl 2, Diplomacy 1, Intimidation 2, Kenning 1
Yarpentry 1, Crafts 3, Firearms 1, Gunsmith
adership 4, Mechanic 2, Melee 3
Knowledges: Alchemy 1, Computer 1, Heraldry 2, Lore
(Seelie) 2, Mythlore 2, Politics 1, Science (Metallurgy) 3
Arts: Legerdemain 4, Primal 3, Pyretics 3, Sovereign 3, Wayfare 2
Actor 2, Fae 3, Prop 4
Backgrounds: Holdings 4, Political Connections 3, Resources 3,
Retinue 4, Title 5, Treasures 3
Glamour: 3
Banality: 5
Willpower: 6
Treasures: The Collar of Command is a strange gorget that
allows Niall to speak in a tinny, mechanical voice. His nockers
made the item for him after he lost his voice box,


Image: In his normal seeming, Adam Murry is a broad-
shouldered, balding man, who is forced to speak though a
microphone-like device he presses to his windpipe. In his fae
seeming, he is broad and ruddy cheeked

Roleplaying Hints: You increasingly prefer the solitude of
your workshop over the boredom of court. Speak little, but make
every word you do say clear and to the point. Take advantage of
both the pity and the repulsion others express to you.

Cdward Buchanan

Edward isa grump ghille-dhu, once a graduate student of Dr.
Erskine. One day, disenchanted with his work, he went into
Erskine's study and found one of the doctor's earliest books, a
collection of folktales he wrote when an undergraduate. Edward
hiked over to a local park and sat down in the middle of the trees
to get away from everyone. He didn't believe what he was reading.
The stories were filled with joy and wonder. Edward began to grow
dizzy and fell intoadeep sleep. He awoke in the copse in the middle
ofthe night, but wasn'tafraid. When he went down to the pond to
drink, the moon's bright light reflected the image ofa head covered
with vines and bright leaves, and clothes turned into twig and
twists of holly. Reborn again, as it should be, Edghann (YOE wun)
walked alone, back into the trees

Edghann has confronted Dr. Erskine several times. Once he
was arrested and ell into Banality; when he awoke, he was grump.
He does not know much of the other fae in the land. He is driven
by his dream to try and save Dr. Erskine and refill the Barren Pool,
but doesn't know how to go about it. He wanders the wildemess of
the Tossachs, the Orchil Hillsand Loch Lomond, avoidingcontact
with everything now. His desire to complete his mission is tem-
pered by the fear of his fae self's demise
Court: Seelie

s+ Regent/Fatalist

Seeming: Autumn (grump)
Kith: Ghille dhu
Physi
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

rength 3, Dexterity amina 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Kenning 4, Search 2
Skills: Drive 1, First Aid 2, St
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Scotland) 2, Dream Lore 2, Enig-
mas 2, Linguistics 1, Literature 2, Mythlore 4, Occult 2

Ith 1, Survival 3

Arts: Chicanery 1, Legerdemain 2, Primal 1, Soothsay 3, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 1, Nature 3, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Gremayre 4, Resources 1
Glamour: 4
Banality: 5
Willpower: 7

Image: Edward, in mortal seeming, is about 25 years old. He
is tall and slender, with warm brown eyes and dark-brown hair. He
tends to dress casually in jeans, T-shirts, sneakers and a mackin-
tosh. As a fae, his hair is dark silver, his skin gray-green. Stalks of
fading leaves and bits of moss cling to his body.

Roleplaying Hints: You seek seclusion for fear that meeting
others will end your fae seeming. Yet, a desire to serve the land
before you die makes you feel guilty about your solitude. Rather
than destroy Dr. Erskine, you'd prefer to help him. However, your
own inhibitions keep you from taking any sort of action, lest it be

the wrong one.

Coghann: Oreams of a GhilleOhu

Sometimes | almost forget. It's not death I'm afraid of, but
failure. It was the old papers of Dr. Erskine that awoke me, but
he doesn't believe the dream even though he is in it.

The dream is always the same.

Isee the king. He levels the bone castle with his sword and
scrapes out his grave with a gauntleted hand. He then takes off
his helm and gives me the sword, so I begin the cycle anew by
cutting off his head. It skitters and rolls round and round the lip
of the bow! until it winds its way ina bloody gyre tothe very heart
of the bed. His eyes open again, and then his mouth; from it the
cool waters of the Dreaming pour forth, refilling the pool. The
king's brother takes the sword from me and cuts the side of the
pool. The waters flow out, and the desolate land greens.

Kingdom of Three Pits
Borders

Borders is populated by sidhe, satyr, nockers and boggans,
with sidhe and boggans forming the largest portion

Glynis, Queen of Three Pitts

Glynis quietly took over the Borders while the fae warlords of
the north battled over the riches of the cities. Although her court

Chapzer Six: Lads and Lasses


is dominated by sidhe, Glynis has handed out freeholds to nobles
and commoners equally. When the kingdom of Dew threatened to
invade, the commoners rallied to her aid, and the late King Baird
found that he was facing hundreds of tiny armies. Their determi-
nation prevented the war from beginning.

Her greatest secret is that she is in love with Ross. She sees this
as a weakness, for she hates the idea of anyone having power over
her, but she cannot help herself. Her spies report that Ross may be
courting one of the countesses of Cymru and that angers her beyond
belief. Should it be true, her jealous heart would be terrible indeed

Glynis knows of a secret glade, within which are crevices
filled with clay capable of making corp credha. Once fashioned to
resemble her victims, the dolls give her three extra successes to any
Artshe chooses to cast upon the victim. By sacrificinga permanent
point of Glamour, By inflicting damage upon the corp credha, she
may also visit physical damage and even death upon her target. Her
corp credha collection consists of dolls fashioned after all the rulers
of Caledonia, and most of her nobles.

Court: Seelie
Paladin/Riddler

Eiluned

Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Diplomacy 4, Dodge 1,
Empathy 1, Kenning 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 2, Falconry 1, Leadership 3, Melee 2,
Ride 5, Survival 2, Temporal Sense 1

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Three Hills) 4, Dream Lore 1,
Enigmas 3, Heraldry 4, Lore (Seelie) 2, Mythlore 2, Politics 2
Arts: Chronos 3, Dream-Craft 2, Primal 3, Soothsay 1, Sovereign 5,
Wayfare 2

124 Isle of the COighcy

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 5, Nature 3, Scene 1
Background: ayre 3, Political Connections 4, Resources 3,
Retinue 5, Title 5, Treasures 5, Trod 5
Glamour: 6
Banality: 4
Willpower: 8
Treasures: Glynis' corp credha collection makes her a wily
and dangerous enemy. Only she has access to the clay capable of
making these dangerous items.
Image: Although impressive, Glynis' demeanor is not flam-

boyant. She left her human seeming behind years agoand does not
speak of it. Glynis' bearing is icy and aloof at most times, but her
laughter, often unexpected, is delightful. Her features are fine, and
she is short for a fae. Her delicate, pale and coldly beautiful face is
framed by her ebony tresses. Her clothing usually consists of layers
of lace and silk, and she

Roleplaying Hint
truly amuses you; then let loose your joy. Never let anyone, not

crs scarlet and purple.

Be cool and disdainful unless something

even your most-trusted retainers know your two secrets: Your love
for Ross and the corp credha.

The highlands

Seumas,
Chiefcain of Clann rach

Don't chip the plates or break a glass in the Loch and Lin, or
Seumas the grump boggan pub owner will have yousloppinghis hogs
for a week. True of most of the clann chieftains, Seumas expects to
be obeyed by his charges, and never backs down from a challenge.
Heand hisclann stick together and he seems to have a preternatural
(even for a fae) knack to know when someone is in trouble.

Seumas came to know his fae nature late in life; his time as a
wilder was very short. He was delighted beyond reason to learn that
the "fairy tales" he'd heard all his life were true, at least in part.
Seumas' two young sons, Hugh and Rory, also are boggan. To-
gether, they run the Loch and Lin along with a small pig-and-cattle
farm. Family, both mortal and fae, are important to Seumas. Only
an idiot would hurt one of Clann Wrath and not expect to be
buried in dung, or worse.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Saint/Beast

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Boggan
Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Carousing 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 1, Intimida-

tion 3, Streetwise 1

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Cooking 3, Drive 2, Fast Talk 2, First

Aid 1, Melee 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Law 1, Mythlore 2, Occult 1, Politics 1

ty

O

!
‘


e

Arts
Realms: Actor 1, Fe

Chicanery 1, Legerdemain 3, Primal 1, Wayfare 3
, Prop 1, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Dreamers 1, Holdings 1, Political Connections 1,
Resources 3
Glamour: 4
Banality: 4
Willpower: 6

Image: S
His hands s

eumas is short, balding and stout in both seemings.
em more gnarled and his ears more prominentas a fae.
He always wears heavy work pants, thick boots anda thick sweater,
donning an apron in the bar or an overcoat outside

Roleplaying Hints: You talk loudly and long, and if you have
toyell tomake yourself heard over the din of customers or grunting
hogs (if the
stereotypical stingy old man, but truth to tell, you'd give your last
pound to someone in need.

The Brood of che -achan

The Brood of the Fachan isa group of Redcaps that worships
anUn
primal d
one leg beneath its trunk and one arm centered in its chest.
Initiation rites include maiming, as the members of the Brood
attempt to re-create themselves in the Fachan's image.

Glenfhada Oiscillery

Busby is a wilder nocker from the Kingdom of Allba; he and
his kinain wife, Anker, produce excellent scotch and happy
children. The scotch is prized all over the Isle of the Mighty for its
taste and enchanted nature. No one knows at what stage the
product picks up its Glamour, but none deny its effects. By Anker's

e's a difference), so much the better. You act like the

elie Chimera known as the Fachan, a fae of unquenchable,
ructive energy. The Fachan is a cyclopean giant with

commandment, only the fae royalty endorses Glenthada; it cannot
be bought or sold, only given as a gift or traded.

Whrs7malo'aato">
A UPA RALURE

Anker and Busby have produced three changelings: Dermit
(a boggan), who is learning the business, Agatha (a satyr) who is
hermother's prideand joy, and Colin (asalmon-Pooka) the newest

member of the Loch Lads.

The Loch Lads

These pooka pranksters of legend are the Loch Ness monster (the
real one was removed by the Verbena decades ago). They meet irregu-
larly toplanever-more intricate waystofool touristsand delight children.
Ateach meeting, they propose a contest to see whose idea they will work
on next. These contests include wrestling, watermelon seed spitting
(when in season), spin the boggan (when in season) and fart lighting.

The Isles

The folk and fae of the Isles are even more independent — if
less numerous — than those of the Highlands. Most of the people
look to the Scandinavian countries for their heritage, rather than
Celtic Scotland. The Northern Isles support the highest popula-
tion of trolls, an after-effect of their Nordic heritage. Many sidhe
from Alba and Dalriada dream of taming the thanes of these isles.

Asaand the Scoorwiorm

Asais the jarl of the Shetlands. A wilder troll, she controlsabout 30
other trolls and assorted kith. While outwardly calm and secure, Asa isa
whirl ofdoubtinside. Asshe has risen in power and responsibility so have
her fears. They have now become embodied in a nightmare chimera, the
Stoorworm. This huge water drake has harassed Inverness and the
Orkney and Shetland Isles of late. Its appearance in these waters and in
her dreams have only added to her fears, and so the Stoorworm grows.

Because of her imposing appearance and her seeming confi-
dence, Asa inspires great loyalty among her retainers. She doesn't
realize that most would die for her, if she asked them to do so. In
mortal seeming as Asa Anderson, she works in a small fish
processing plant, running forklifts and taking care of shipping. The
pay is surprisingly good, and Asa has saved a lot of money. She
would like to open her own small-freight service, but self-doubt
over whether she could make a go at it undermines her initiative.
Court:
Legacies: Regent/Wretch
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Troll

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

elie

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Intimidation 1, Kenning 1,
Search 2

Skills: Climbing 2, Drive 3, First Aid 1, Leadership 2, Me-
chanic 1, Melee 3, Survival 1

Knowledges: Heraldry 1, History 1, Lore (Troll) 2, Mythlore 1,
Politics 2

Arts: Chicanery 1, Legerdemain 1, Primal 4, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Nature 3

Chapczer Six: Lads and Lasses


Backgrounds: Holdings 3, Political Connections 2, Resources 3,
Title 3
Glamour: 5
Banality: 3
Willpower: 7

Image: Big-boned and muscular asa human, Asa towers over
most every Kithain in Scotland when she's in her fae seeming. Her
skin is pale blue. Her hair, lips and eyes are a shade darker. She
wears oilskin work clothes at the factory, but trades these in for
light leather armor and a fur-lined tunic when acting as jarl.

Roleplaying Hints: Be polite, attentive and cordial with your
retainers. Never makea threat unless you mean to carry it through.

CDages

The Tradition mages have been slow to react to the favorable

changes in Scottish society. The Traditions are just beginning to reach

out to each other after many years of hatred and distrust. The mages
associated with the Bardic College and the small Chantry of Choristers
at Dryburgh Abbey are the most active at this time. The Verbena are
still suspiciousofthe motivesof the other Traditions. Should Scotland's
mages unite and discover the growingschism in the Technocracy, then
the balance of power would change very quickly

The Traditions

While mages from many Traditions live in Scotland, the
Celestial Chorus and the Verbena are the most powerful factions.
The Verbena's distrust of the Celestial Chorus still tinges on
hatred, since Celestial Choristers within the Kirk once sided with
the Order of Reason and exposed many of the Awakened during
the Reformation. This still prevents the two Traditions from
effectively working together.

The Celestial Chorus has plenty of influence in the Church
of Scotland, and thereby has many governmental and educational

126 Isle of the COighty

well. The Chorus, through its governmental and educa-
tional arms, now sponsors many Gaelic educational programs
perhaps in an attempt to make up for the sins of the past.
Verbena influences remain strong in Scotland with the
pagan and New-Age move-
ments. They find custos and even Awakened brothers and sisters

growth of folk musicians and neo

within these groups, Verbena strive tomaintain themythic threads
so common in Scottish culture; at the same time, they must weed
out the "fake" mysticism that the Syndicate proffers, such as
computerized Tarot decks and psychic telephone networks.

Technocracic Paradigms

James Watt (steam engines), Thomas Telford (Caledonian
Canal), Adam Smith (economist) and Hume (Empirical philoso-
pher) may not have been Technomancers. However, they
contributed much to the rise of the Technocratic paradigm in

otland. The Highland Clearances, with the help of the Kirk,
marked the greatest manipulation by the Technocracy. The grow-
ing industrial centers of Glasgow, Edinburgh and Dundee swelled
with Scottish farmers evicted from their lands, creating huge estates
for Sleeper and Technocratic industrialists and helping bring about
the decline of Scots Gaelic and the Celtic culture at large.

Iteration X traditionally dominated the Technocracy's activi-
ties in Scotland until the 1970s; Its founders, the Artificers, moved
in with the Victorian industrialists. While the Iterators were able
to keep the heavy industries of Scotland profitable, they lost most
of their funding. Even though it contributed to the opening of the
Murchison and related oil fields in the North Sea, Iteration X
occupies a much smaller part of the Technocracy's efforts. The
Syndicate successfully took the heart out of Gaelic culture in the
past, but it has not been able to stamp it out completely. In fact,
during the past few decades, the resurgence of interest in Celtic
culture has weakened its hold on reality in Scotland.

The NWO used its colle:
of Iteration X and th

' failures to gain more control
yndicate's plans in recent years. Under
Percival Rand, the NWO funded a Construct of Progenitor
FACADE Engineers and placed them in control of one of the
secret drilling operations in the North Sea. its goal: to create
humanoids capable of enduring the icy conditions of the waters. Its
seal-human fusions have met with limited success. Iteration X must
now compete with the Progenitors for funding. Its fate rests with its
ability to get its automated drilling rigs operational without engen-
dering a reality backlash.

Recent innovations of the NWO include the "TV police" of
Glasgow, persons who sit in close-circuit monitoring stations to
report suspicious activities to the police. The NWO was also
responsible for many of the Celtic "preservation" projects, which
succeeded in fencing in and monitoring many magickal sites.
Many standing stones are nothing more than clever copies; the
originals are in the hands of the Technocracy.

The Syndicate has begun funding the research of a promising
new Sleeper, Dr. Calum Erskine. His anti-mythological studies
may be the
in the supernatural.

indicate's best hope for dispelling the Masses' belief

Unknown to the Scottish Technocrats, their chief officer,

Percival Rand, isa member of the Harbingers of Avalon. The other


To: Sir Mortimer Evans
From: Percival Rand
Re: Project Longshanks

Thope you and Lady Victoria Holmes have a smashing time at Ascot. I, unfortunately, am imprisoned behind Hadrian's Wall.
If I could but lower myself to golf, perhaps I could find a moment's diversion.
can console myself with a job well-done. Like a good Scottish flock, the Constructs have been duly fleeced of their funds and

our coffers are full. Now all that remains is the slaughter.

Scots' similes aside, the Progenitors and our good little machines of Iteration X are busy trying to please me as best they can, as
if that is possible. The Progenitors are building workers while Iteration X is attempting to ereate oil drilling platforms that operate at
95% efficiency. Our agents in both operations will make sure they never succeed. This will tie up the long enough for you to put our

plans in motion. ,
The next time you are in Burberrys', please purcl
One Reality, one World, one Britannia.

Technocrats are being duped to chase each other's tails while their
coffersare raided. He and his fellows plan tore-establish the world-
wide preeminence of Britain.

The Auld Covenant

The Auld Covenant of mages has been in existence for nearly
600 years (see
Horizon Realm, called the Red Donjon, the mages spend most of

chapter Five). Although this cabal maintainsa sizable
their time in and around Edinburgh. The entire chantry house acts
as a sanctuary and has a sizable Arcane of its own (see the Back-
grounds of the same name in Mage and The Book of Shadows)

The cabal is made up of Euthanatos and Hermetics. Their
membership is exclusive, and while not above helping a Tradition
mage in need, it hasn't accepted any new members in over 120
years. The mages prefer to seek out likely candidates and train them
privately, allowing such provisional members only limited access
to the chantry's resources.

The current Euthanatos master is Natalie Moncreiffe, and the
Hermetic master is Archibald Boyd. The two work well together,

although Archibald rarely wishes to leave his work in the Red Donjon.

x zi

His students include Leslie DeLillio and Francois Jardine. Natalie's
charges include: Margot Stair, Evan Gregor and Jacob Urquhart

The group's motivations and plans remain a secret, but the
Technocracy's inability to put down roots in Edinburgh speaks for
both the covenant's goals and its power.

CDichael Scoc

Essence: Primordial
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Conformist
Tradition: Order of Hermes
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Chantry
Politics 4, Cosmology 3, Diplomacy 4, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 2,
Firearms 1, High Ritual 5, History 3, Instruction 3, Intuition 4,
Investigation 4, Law 2, Leadership 4, Linguistics 4, Lore
(Tradition) 4, Lore (Technocracy) 2, Meditation 4, Occult 3,
Research 5, Sense Deception 1, Speed Reading 3,

Background:
Resources 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Astrology 2, Awareness 5

Arcane 7, Avatar 4, Destiny 3, Library 3,
anctum 3
Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 4, Forces 5, Life 2, Matter 2,
Mind 1, Prime 5, Spirit 6, Time 3
Arete: 7
Willpower: 9
Quintessence: 8
Paradox: 3

Background: Michael Scot's disappearance wasdue toahuge
paradox backlash caused when he tried to permanently sever the
ties between an unknown Nephandi and Lord Soulis' body. He
nearly went insane out of loneliness, but found that his curse also
gave him unbounded freedom. He helped his old chantry route the
Technocracy's attempts to set up shop in his beloved Edinburgh,
and he got a lot of studying done. Eventually he became an
archmage and now spends most of his time in the Deep Umbra,
although he has set up wards around Scotland and the chantry to
alert him to dangers. He has only come back once. The poor Qui
La Machina, it didn't last long where Michael Scot sent it

Chapzer Six: Lads and La


According to the Auld Covenant, Scot is still its master. His
room in thechantry isstill maintained. When theeldersof the cabal
meet, the reserve three chairs: one for the Master of the Euthanatos,
one for the Master Hermetic and the last for Michael Scot

Image: Michael Scot hasn't been seen for several hundred
yearsasa result of his terribly high Arcane rating, and his numerous
jaunts into the Deep Umbra. When last he looked in the mirror he
was dressed in long green and black velvet robes. He has a round
face, sparse, gray hair and extremely bushy eyebrows. Michael Scot
needs three successes on a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, to make
himself be noticed. If one of these successes is nota "10" his words
will eventually be forgotten.

Roleplaying Hints: Let's face it, you have got better things to
do than chat with unperceptive upstart mages, unless something
bad is brewing in the Umbra.

Quote: "Okay lads and lassies, I'm tired of repeating myself
Concentrate this time, ot I'll have Thor come and spank your not-

very-wee behinds!

The Singers of
Orydurgh Addey

The two dominant personalities of the Dryburgh Abbey gift
shop are Sister Isobel and Faruq ibn Kamal. These two make an
interesting partnership. Sister Isobel quietly leads from the back,
urging Sister Penelope and Sister Marguerite to follow Farug, from
a discreet distance of course.

Sister lsodel
Essence: Pattern
Nature: Martyr
Demeanor:
Tradition: C

aregiver
stial Chorus

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 2, Cosmology 2, Diplomacy 2, Drive 1,
Enigmas 2, Etiquette 2, First Aid 2, High Ritual 4, History 1,
Instruction 3, Intrigue 2, Leadership 1, Linguistics 2, Meditation 1,
Research 2, Singing 2
Backgrounds: Arcane 1, Avatar 4, Dream 1, Influence 2, Re-
sources 1
Spheres: Forces 1, Life 2, Mind 1, Prime 5, Spirit 3
>

Willpo.
Quintessence: 8
Paradox: 2

Background: Isobel Ponthieu took her veil and vows at age
14, the same year the Song Awoke within her. She worked forsome
years near Chartres, France, before moving to Scotland, She has
made the rugged country her new home and takes pleasure in the
fact that the small chantry she leads is thriving.
somewhat elderly and frail. Though she would never admit it,

ow, she is

Sister Isobel has found that Farug ibn Kamal's youth and exuber-
ance provides fuel for her own faith.

The Sister's Avatar is a source of sadness, for it takes the form
of her twin sister Irene, who died of pneumonia when the girls were
nine. Isobel worries that this may mean Irene is enduring some sort
of purgatory, with herself as the judge.

Image: Perhaps some nuns wear modem garb, but not Isobel
Her wimple is always perfectly white and starched, and her char-
coal-gray dress is never less than three inches below her knees. The
sister does smile, though, and secretly enjoys dry, British humor

Roleplaying Hints: Your solemnity hides a mirthful soul.
Nothing is more important than your quest for God, but that
doesn't mean you must always be dour. You run your life by the
Golden Rule every day. Your faith is strong.

Quote: "Do you always yell so loudly when you pray, Mr.
Kamal? Not that the Lord minds, of course; I'm just thinking of the
neighbors, you see."

Faruq 1dn Kamal

Essence: Dynamic

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Jester

Tradition: Celestial Chorus

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 4, Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 2, Astrology 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 4, Carous-
ing 3, Diplomacy 2, Etiquette 3, Fast-Talk 2, High Ritual 2,
Intuition 2, Singing 4, Occult 3

Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Dream 2

Spheres: Mind 4, Prime 3


Arete: 4
Willpowe:
Quintessence: 4
Paradox: 0

Background:
marketplace and grew up among black marketers and scoundrels.

Faruq was born in Jordan in the middle of a

He never knew his mother, and the vagabonds who raised him told
him that his father was an Englishman. He was discovered by a
mhadi when he tried to sell the holy man some American pornog-
raphy. He joined the Chorus of Allah in the mosque and was sent
by it as an ambassador to the Vatican.

While at the Vatican, he ran across a picture of his Avatar —

a faerie. Using the huge library at his disposal, he became a student

of British history and lore. When he heard of the mission in
Scotland, he jumped at the chance.

Image: It's cold in Scotland! Faruq's milk-chocolate skin is
usually swaddled in sweaters, coats, mittens and gloves.

Roleplaying Hints: Youare the used-car salesman of the soul.
Ignore insults, press forward, and smile until they relent

Quote: "Aaah, but the postcard book of the abbey is a much
better bargain than a single postcard!"

The CUives of che Wood

This coven consists of four other Verbena besides Eilidh. The
group maintains tight control over visitors to its wood. Although
most of their efforts are dedicated to protecting the Dark Tree, the
mages also make pilgrimages to locals whostill clingto the old ways,
and even joumey to cities like Edinburgh to participate in festivals.

Cihdh

Essence: Questing

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Judge

Tradition: Verbena

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 2, Cosmology 2, Crafts 3, Dancing 2,
Enigmas 4, Expression 1, Herbalism 3, High Ritual 4, Intuition 3
Backgrounds: Arcane 2, Avatar 4

Spheres: Entropy 3, Life 5, Prime 3, Spirit 2

Arete: 5

Willpowe

Quintessence: 8

Paradox: 6

Background: When Eilidh's daughter Uninnseann refused
to take her place at the head of the coven, Eilidh's leadership
became less vigorous. She now spends much of her time with the
Dark Tree. Una, one of the Adepts, has taken over much of the day-
to-day operations of the coven. Even though Una has shown her
potential, Eilidh refuses to appoint her as heir.

Eilidh's Avatar is a golden eagle. It used to perch on the
branches of the Dark Tree and speak to her, but ever since her
argument with her daughter it just stares at her. Now Eilidh seems
locked in a battle of wills with it. Eilidh can no longer match its
glaze, but she has not relented.

Ima; ilidh stands a little over five feet tall and has a thick
mane of gray hair. She has a hawklike nose and her piercing eyes
give her a predatory stare

Roleplaying Hints: No one seems to listen to your com-
mandmentsany more. In fact, you have begun to wonder if they are
all laughing at you.

Quote: "If Una can't handle your problem, | will."



Z,

Yet all these were, when no man did them know

Yet have from wisest ages hidden beene
And later times things more unknowne shall show

Why then should witlesse man so much misweene

That nothing is, but that which he hath seene?

What if within the Moones faire shining spheare?

What if in every other starre unseene

Of other worldes he happily should heare?

He wonder would much more: yet such to some appeare

— Spenser, "The Faerie Queene"

They're Working On It. (extracts)

Thanks, thanks...Is this thing tured on? Well, if not, you
can besure it'll beso when I'm done with it, fair lass, and how about
yourself? What, me? Rude? Rude? Me, the very model for that Piper
at the Gates of Dawn in that Wind in the Willows book, beloved of
tiny innocent children the world over? Yes indeed, me it was, with
the baby rat safe asleep at my feet, and Rat and Badger enraptured
by my music, and not a man here can say otherwise, I'd like to see
him try.

So, I'm Twm Sion Cati, or Tom John to you lot that don't
speak Welsh and won't be bothered to lear. Named of a good
Welshman of the 16th century, poet and outlaw who managed to

marry an heiress and get respectable, a fate I've so far happily
avoided. I suppose I'm here to tell you lot about the finest patch of
ground in the world—and why you're not among the blessed if you
weren't born here, as I've arranged my last six times through —and
why, forthat, a billion and one sniveling Banal wretches have been
trying to bulldoze the whole place, and bugger-all you lot're doing
to stop them. But I'm a bit ahead of myself.

So, I'd best not go on long, what with three of my new best
friends from what you call your Cult of Ecstasy hanging about in
back, waiting for my little yack to finish
something more productive, like about three fine bottles of ruby-
red Brittany wine that'recallingtom
fine voice like the nightingale pe

and us to get on to

callingthey are, witha pure
hed in the skeletal arch of
Tintern Abbey ofa lovely moonlit night in Gwynt... Eh, well, Isee
Professor Twidmarch isa bit ready to go on with the talk, so if he'll
kindly put up the first dates of his history, you lot can read it while

I ramble of whatever comes to mind.


Tuatha de Danan, Wyck appear in Wales.
Gwynedd (northernmost principality in Wales) be-
comes stronghold of Druidism (some of which were
Wyck) and other mystickal traditions. Remains so
even during Roman and Norman invasions because of
the difficule terrain and the fierce independence of its
people.

Caer Bala enchanted and submerged under what is
now Bala Lake.

Ah, Caer Bala, that one my grandsir used to talk about! Now
you must know first that Bala Lake is the largest natural lake in my
homeland, just southeast of Snowdonia. Lovely itis, shiningin the
afternoon sun just as blue as this sweet young childling's eyes. Yet
in the old times it was no lake, look you, but a thriving town with
a wealthy prince, Burne the Mean. Miserly and rotten he was,
having made his gold from the work of the subjects he exploited,
nor did he ever part witha coin of it. And under his rule, the people
themselves grew so crass and greedy as Burne himself

Each year at Samhain, when the walls between the worlds
grow thin, Prince Burne called all his people to his palace for a
festival — though a meaner and less festive festival could no bard
imagine. And while the folk took what pleasure they could take
from stale bread and mean-hearted games, a little black sow with
aringed tail creptinto the throne room. Andit looked at Burne the
Mean and said, "Vengeance shall come."

Bure, he looked the sow in its dead black eyes and said,
"Whoare you, talking pig?" And the sow said, "I am the woman you
used most cruelly, a year ago this night. Vengeance shall come."
Burne, he shouted in his fear, "It will not come if! visit it on you
first!" And with that he struck at the pig with a club — but as he
hit, the sow leaped and tore out his throat. Then the pig cried,
"Vengeance has come!" It tured to dust, it did, covering Burne as
he lay still as a stone on the floor.

What, child? What was the pig? Well, one of the living dead,
the vampires, it might have been. Or a wraithly dead soul risen
once more to bring its vengeance to the world. Not a word have I
heard of why it sought revenge on Burne. But all this matters less
than what came after.

So Bure died without wife or heir, and at once did the folk of
Caer Bala give thought to his gold and who would get it None knew
where he had it hid, look you, but somehow they got the idea it was
underhis rich palace. Hardly had the undertaker put the pennieson
Burne's eyes, when they set about tearing down the place.

They tore all the palace down, almost around their own fool
heads. And in the foundation they found a copper plaque, and on it
they read: Who disturbs the roots of my house shall drown in gold.
Well, think if you can of an inscription more likely to make them
pull up the plaque, ech? They tore out this copper plate by the roots,
and from below flooded outa torrent of water, asifa plug were pulled!

The people did not die, for a magic pool it was, or so my
grandsir did tell me. Might it have been a sam (trod) to the deep
blue seas of the Dreaming, and Burne the Mean its guard? Be that
as it might, the waters tumed these greedy folk of Caer Bala into

Isle of che COighzy

fish, a lovely kind of fish called a gwyniad, which you may see there
yet. And in the setting sun their scales gleam gold.

Now my grandsir, a fine old man from just over the border in
Shropshire, did say that a hundred years ago a couple of men met
a talking fish in Bala Lake. This is how he told it:

"Look you, I could not say just exactly what it was like —I was
not there, you know — but it wasa gwyniad like you see in the lake.

Its voice was so sweet and music: trilling nightingale, a lady's

voice, that these fellows felt drawn to her there and then, the both
of them. And she told them as how her folk kept a treasure at the
bottom of the lake, great glittering lumps of gold, and dear knows
what. And she would give them all as much as ever they liked, if
only they would come to her in the water and take it out of her
mouth.

>in they waded —nearly up their chests —and she ducked
down and brought up a lump of gold, very near as big as her head.
And the chaps were just a-going to take it offher, but then the one
of them noticed her sharp teeth, not fish sort of teeth, and so he
hung back and made for shore. And the other, he reached for the
gold, and the fish, my word! She bit him a good hard one on the
wrist

"He slipped under the water with the gold, and the fish
ducked down. In a moment a lovely dark-haired woman with
blazing green eyes came up out of the water and onto shore, with
notastitch on her. She ran past without a look and ducked into the
trees. They never saw more of the other man again, nor did they get
any of the gold, nor has anybody ever seen the woman since."

Oh, yes, Bala Lake has manya legend around it. Atnight, they
say, you can get out on the lake and hear a temple bell ringing far
below. And there swimsa fish whocarriesasword belted to its body,
an iron sword given to itby ahero of old;and no one can catch this
fish but that it cuts itself free with the sword, and it will give up the
treasure only to the hero himself. And then there's the tale —ah,
but I see the good professor is waiting, and so I'll leave off for a bit.

Cymru was once a rugged land, look you, and still is in the
minds ofits people. And in those minds itis, that the land remains
strong and vital. I tell you this: The Dreaming is yet strong in
Wales!

AD.

19 Mighty half-sidhe, half-magus Glamorgan drives

giants from Glamorgan with "shining sword." Gi-
ants retreat into Cambrian Mountains. Glamorgan
builds Cardiff Keep.
Romans occupy Cardiff, build a fort. Glamorgan
and his court flee the Roman Banality to Brecon
Beaconsarea, where they build Caer Caernyffon on
the glacial lake Llyn y Fan Fach.

140-143 Gwynedd remains the stronghold of Druidism and
other traditions while Romans invade area.

150+ Pictish shamans battle Celts; some on each side
lock many enemies deep underground, where some
may still remain.

330 Sacred Congregation members and Sons of Mitras
(early Celestial Choristers) move into Wales.

400-500s_ The Dream Realm , Camelot, begins to take shape.


For the proof, I give you Camelot. There are not many who
remember that the legend of King Arthur rose first in Cymru, in the
incomparable tale of Culhwch and Olwen— which is too long to tell
here, so the professor need not worry, What I say is, the talesof Arthur
spring from this land of Wales, no matter the Dark Age versions you
hear now, the propaganda made up by the Technocracy.

The real legends, the true heart of Camelot, have grown large
in the Dreaming. All the visions of Arthur's myth exist there
together, and all are right. The people of the stories do live there,
as you and | here — but in their many aspects, and we who reach
them see only one aspect at a time, as you may see only one
glittering of the many facets of a diamond,

In the Dreaming, lives Vortigern, who usurped the throne of
Britain from its rightful heirs, Aurelius Ambrosius and Uther
Pendragon, so that the Saxons overran the country. There, too,
lives Merlin in all his variations, Merlin who foresaw Vortigern's
death, Arthur's birth and coronation, and the rise of Camelot and
the Round Table — who created three magick
such as the Brianne in Wales. With these pools, Arthur conquered

pools in Britain,

and united all Britain.
Lancelot and Guinevere live in that dream realm, too, in all
the stages of theirdoomed love —as do Gawain and Perceval, Bors
and Ector, andall the knights of the Round Table. And across that
hazy and multiplying land of Camelot are hid the 13 Treasures of

Britain, which Merlin took there for safekeeping.

3

4:

i

ts

Butnowhere inall that land will you find an Arthur, save only

a mere shadow 1 placeholder, if you will. You see only
silhouette, hear only a kind of dream-voice, an idea. And all the
rest knee! to this shape, seeing Arthur in their mind's eye

410 Romans withdraw from Britain; rise of Welsh
tribes in Gwynedd.
461 Emrys, a magus, appears at Caer Caernyffon to
prophesy Glamorgan's fall, and is ejected. Months
later, a black boar fatally gores Glamorgan. Unrest
("the Kniving Times") follows among Cymrian
fae, 462-540.
A few Welsh tribes choose kings and queens; some
are secretly mages or fae. Seelie and Unseelie
courts control remote parts of Wales; fae princi
palities established outside major human cities
and towns:
Gwynedd — Myrddin (not Merlin)
Glamorgan (& Kingdom of Wool) — Caema
Powis — Taliesin of Rheged
Dyfed — divided between Caerna and Taliesin
Myrddin entrusts Gwynedd and Pool of Brianne to
aera for safekeeping, then disappears in 522.
War of the Black Tore, fought primarily in King-
dom of Wool (England).

Chapcer Seven: Piscory of Wales


'

dream's dream. Where is the real Arthur, if ever there was a real
Arthur? It may be the once and future king will not return, no, not
until all three of the pools of magick are restored — and of the
three, one is dry, and one lost

When the Romans retreat from Wales and Glamorgan dies,
we begin the history not just of Wales, but of the Welsh, and of the
Cymrian fae—them we call the Tylwyth Teg, the fair family. A sad
history it is, for both mortal and fae. Yet I recall its great glories as
well, Camelot and Caledfwlch and Gwaelod, all lost now like
scattered sands upon a beach. Hiraeth, we call that mood: nostalgia
and longing. Listen, you Kithain and mages, and you too will know

hiraeth.

They were great rulers in those times, many of them: Taliesin,
who came of Urien's court in Rheged, ruled Powys — or "Powis,"
as they spelt it then. Taliesin wove a great freehold from a single
strand of his blond hair, they say; his name means "shining brow,"
you know. Then Queen Ca

be a direct descendant of the Tuatha de Danaan themselves, the

ma of the Borderlands, she was said to

first settlers of this land before the humans came. Caerna ruled
what they called then the Kingdom of Wool in England, later to
be called the Kingdom of Smoke; and in Wales, where we fae have
principalities rather than kingdoms, she started with Glamorgan,
and shared Dyfed with Taliesin, to whom she was most kindly
disposed.

Sam Haine did talk, in his English lecture, about the wizard
Myrddin, and he was not sure whether this was Merlin. I see
Professor Twidmarch has registered hisown opinion onhistimeline.

Myrddin, whoever he might have been, was indeed a great
magus, but a touch of Kithain blood was in him, I think. He must
have had, forslim was the chance that any mortal otherwise could
rule a principality! But Myrddin had discovered Llyn Brianne, the
Pool of Brianne — one of the three magickal pools I did speak of
—found (at that time) in the good soil deep within a cavern by the
Swallow Falls of the River Llugwy. With its magic, he might have
ruled the mortals of Wales. But instead he used it to establish a
wondrous secret freehold in Gwynedd

Yet Myrddin had not much interest in ruling Gwynedd, for
soon he felt Banality threaten, or whatever it is that threatened
mages then. He gave over the precious Llyn Brianne and his whole
principality to Caerna — who was none too sorry to take either, I
will guess. She asked him why he gave them over, and where he
would go, but he said not a word.

Then Myrddin packed a fortnight's worth of food, a hot coal
anda lodestone. He rode on a pale horse to the ruins of Segontium,
aRoman forton the coast near whatis now Caemarfon. And then,
itis said, Myrddin rode on his horse straight into the sea. The surf
rose fora day and a night, and then the sea went calm. Nota bit of
Myrddin did anyone see for many centuries, and even that later
sighting lacks a bit of the complete honest truth, if you want my
opinion. But I shall get to that in time.

(By the by, a bad area did that beach become from then on,
at least as some say. Wales fell to English rule there on that same
beach in 1283, when Edward I's army slew the last native Welsh
prince, Llywelyn ap Gruffydd. Edward built Caernarfon by way of
driving home his victory, and an ugly and Banal place itis; and to

Isle of che COighzy

Battle of Camlan: In one version of Dream Realm
Camelot, Arthur and Mordred fight and perish
during this battle, Arthur possibly spirited away to
Avalon (Afallach), or, in some versions, to
Glastonbury (England) or Carnedd Arthur
(Snowdonia).
St. David's monastic settlement built. Unseclie
slowly withdraw as Church strengthens in Dyfed.
Many move into Glamorgan to serve Morgan le
Fay.

Late 500s St. David converts Wales to Christianity.

602-653 Many fae rulers enter seclusion (or Arcadia) as
Christian influence grows and cities fill. Morgan le
Fay retreats forever to Horizon Realm of Avalon in
652. Unseelie Prince Carniog takes Glamorgan
throne.

humiliate the Welsh, he declared his eldest son "Prince of Wa

t, do not

as all the English kings have done since. But take t
worry that I shall start frothing like that Scottish nocker yester-
day!)

Sam Haine also spoke of the War of the Black Tore. By way
of reminder for those not present then, the Tore appeared in
Albion Pool in Wessex. The year Unseelie Prince
Carmiog of Lyonesse gained the tore by chance; then Carniog and

27, this was.

Morgan le Fay used it to enslave many Seelie fae, confining them
to Camiog's undersea court forcenturies. Worst, Morgan le Fay did
‘on to Queen
Caema. She entrapped him, and Prince Carniog confined him in
the Black Tore itself.

Queen Caera went towarto rescue Rhys. She failed, and lost
Glamorgan to Morgan le Fay. As Morgan walked into the princi-
pality freehold in 527, in the same instant it happened that in
Gwynedd freehold, many miles away, the Brianne pool vanished,

foully deceive Prince Rhys of Glamorgan, who w:

and none found it for many a year.

Morgan le Fay has probably as many aspects to her as do
Arthur and Merlin and the rest. Much of her role in the history of
our kind is rumor and anecdote, for she took many witnesses with
her to Avalon and slew most of the rest. A cruel woman she was,
as | heard it, and virulently opposed to Christianity. Now you all
know, as I know, that the worship of Christ does not, in itself, equal
Banality. But in that time, among those
have done as they tried to quash the old ways, for the fae retreated
as the Church advanced.

ly missionaries, it must

Oh, I know many of the tales — Morgan sealing compacts
with the Devil, Morgan inspiri

vampire (hah!), Morgan warping reality to suit her madness — so

he redcap who became the first

many versions there are, I cannot think that anyone knows them
all. But whatever the truth of Morgan's nature, I know the truth of
her departure:

Inher frechold's great throne room she called together all her
court, the highest to the lowest. And there also she invited Prince
Camiog, from his dark court off the coast in sunken Lyonesse —
her close ally, and yet the tales tell of deep disdain between them,
each for the other.


Morgan took a silk purse from her sash, and with a flick ofher
wristshecastit open. It grew to the size of the room, and she ordered
all her servants and courtiers to walk into it. They dared not refuse
When they entered, she popped the purse closed, shrank itto hang

on hersash, and told Carniog, "This realm is yours, to hold or lose."

And she gave hima long sword of shining silver. "This be the
Sword of Glamorgan, who did conquer this realm six centuriesago
Mark well these words: The sword be invincible within Cymru; but
should ye et foot beyond the country's borders, the sword shall turn
on thee, and disaster shall surely follow."

Then Morgan made to him a terse farewell, opened a path to
the gates of Avalon, and departed. Prince Camiog went no more
to his court in Lyonesse, and I know no tale that tells what came
of his absence there. But many are the stories of his vile attacks on
his Seelie neighbors in Powis and Dyfed, and of his worrying fear
over the growing power of Powis.

It is not much that I've said so far about Camiog himself, but
I will tell you of him before long — for of his long, troubling, evil
reign in Glamorgan I have heard much

The Pool Brianne has moved from place to place over the
centuries, and often vanished for long years. Those who find it are
marked by destiny, for always there is a tale in the finding
Although, as I think on it, if some poor fool found the pool and did
nothing with it, no one would hear of him, and a thin tale that
would be, eh

Be that as it might, this particular finding of the pool now, in
888, that is quite a tale, grand and sad at once. The mortal wizard
Abernaeron had befriended a stand of the ghille dhu, the green
men. They led him to the pool, which at that time lay halfway up
beautiful, icy Mount Snowdon. The wizard sensed the pool's power
atonce, but more goodness he had than ambition. Rather than use
its power forselfish ends, he brought the news to the Powis freehold
of Prince Taliesin, whom Abernaeron had talked with at times

before

654-954 Glamorgan under Camiog becomes haunted, near
deserted.

730-821 King Offa builds dike along Mercia-Wales border.

879+ Germanic shamans (proto-Verbena) settle in
Wales throughout Dark Ages. Early Hermetics
come seeking solitude or esoteric knowledge.

888 Hermetic magus Abernaeron bani Ex Miscellanea
rediscovers Pool of Brianne in remote Snowdonia
Taliesin, ailing Prince of Powis, assigns fae and
ghille dhu protectors to Brianne.
Taliesin dies. His daughter, Rhonwen, becomes
Princess of Powis. Rhonwen and Abernaeron marty,
build Caer Caledfwlch. First Festival of Talecraft.
Height of Caledfwlch influence. Preparations for
war against Camiog in Glamorgan
Avalanche destroys Pool of Brianne and guardians.
Deaths of Rhonwen and Abernaeron. Caer
Caledfwlch falls to Carniog.


Now not long before, Prince Camiog had sent a sluagh
assassin to strike Taliesin with a slow fae poison. The courtiers at
Powis caught the assassin and turned her intoaslug, too late tosave
Taliesin. His end lay clear before him. The great man could have
used the magic of Brianne to save himself, perhaps, but he wished
that its power should serve his kingdom, not himself. So he
appointed the ghille dhu official stewards of the pool, anda worthy
task he set Abernaeron: how best to use Brianne's magick. And
while the wizard studied and thought and planned, Taliesin
withered away

He had a daughter, the prince did, a fair maiden with golden
hair and fine gray eyes, no less beautiful than this glorious damsel
care to join meand my Ecstatic friends
after the talk, dear? Well, you think about it for now. Where was
1? Ah, Rhonwen.

Isee here in the third row

Rhonwen had the beauty of the fair folk and the vigor of her
human father. She and Abernaeron fell in love at first sight, as the
tale would have it, and Taliesin blessed their union with almost his
last breath. Upon their marriage, the two conceived a great and
wondrous working, the building of a new freehold near the Pool
Brianne. In a single night under the full moon they built atop
Mount Snowdon Caer edfwich, a glorious castle and shining
summer city surrounded by snow

Caledfwlch became the cultural center for all the Kithain of
Cymru. Of the poetry and songs of its bards, and the wonders of

everyday life there, | need say nothing, for you have all heard those

Isle of che COighzy

songs and marveled at the tales of those wonders. My sad task it is to

tell of Caledfwich's fall, and of the demise of the lovers who built it

Caledfwich and Queen Caerna's domains were always the
checks upon Prince Carniog's ambition. Around his thin neck
Carniog wore the Black Tore, which enslaved its victims, and athis
waist he wore always the sword of Glamorgan, which protected
him from harm so longas he never left Cymru. But he could not be
everywhere at once, and he lacked enough troops to hold the lands
he took; for all the fair family despised Carniog.

No greater scoundrel ever rose from the deep ocean that
covers Lyonesse, that strange, darkly beautiful realm. Carniog was
handsome and lithe, but arrogant beyond belief, and thought of all
surface folk as mere livestock. He bred them into monstrous forms,
for purposes none know even now. Many in Glamorgan fled the
land when he took it. So he ruled asa turtle, behind high walls and
deep trenches, and he schemed endlessly to conquer his-hated
rivals by treachery

The other principalities became more worried by the year as
Carniog's schemes grew ever bolder. In Caledfwlch, Abernaeron
and Rhonwen spent much time kenning his defenses and drilling
their armies. Yet we Seelie in Cymru have always been honorable
folk, and to declare war without overt cause sat well with nobody
So Caledfwich hoped for peace — but prepared for war

Atlast, when the tercentenary of Carniog'srule in Glamorgan
was only a few years off, the chief of Mount Snowdon's snow
arrived in the Caledfwlch court. These giants were a foul,

SS


thick-headed lot, never friendly
Caledfwich trusted them. But stre
strength beyond any troll of tc

I am glad they are gone, these

ame, told Rh

This giant chief, Mog was his r
learned from kinfolk in Glamorgan that Camic
Powis. We fear the Shining Sword of Glamorgan.

our kind long ago. We shall hely

freehold." It seemed a harmless offer on its face, and t

many of 1 defend
not ask to be let in the freehold; and so Rhonwen a
accepted Mog's offer

The giants began heaping great ice bor
the slope of Mount Snowdon. "Ammut
rulers did not doubt it, for the snow
bouldersas weapons. Then one cold n
tribe, who had been in Camiog's pay
boulders in aroaringbigavalanche. This killed the guardians of the
ol and shi
\d nota bit do I know became of them. Wher

Brianne, covered the px ick. Then the giants
fled Powis,

the fae tried to dig out the pool, it

With its source of magickal power gone, Caledfwlch's

Prince Camiog him:
With the
Torc he had enslaved a weak-kneed magus, Prester Fflydd was |

fenses gradually faded. The next year
broke through the freehold walls and slew right and left

name; at Carniog's behest, Fflydd transformed Abernaeron into a
small white fox. By a sad mistake of the magickal effect, Rhonwen

thought Abernaeron had died. Heavy was her heart, as all her life's

Led by Queen Caema, Gwynedd and Kingdom of
Wool battle Carniog for control of Powis
Powis, controlled by Prince Carniog, grows dark, un-
predictable and dangerous.
Battle of Carniog's Doom: Principalities of Dyfed and
Gwynedd, Kingdom of Wool and refugees from Powis
ally to defeat Carniog. Mage allies assist to avenge
Abemaeron. After Cariog's defeat, High Queen
Caema rules united Welsh principalities.
Il to pieces around her—so heavy that she fell into despair

lowed a quick poison.
Oh, oh, itis little heart I have to recite all these sorry events.
Letme only add that Caer Caledfwich fell, and ofall those fine folk,
Abernaeron alone did survive, and he only at Carniog's pleasure
The Unseelie prince let the fox roam free on Mount Snowdon
They tell me the fox did dwell upon that mountain, all alone, for
the rest of his life, and finally vanished 15 years later

Only one piece of good news was there from the tragedy at
Caledfwlch. That was the union, long overdue, of the other
principalities to topple Camiog, and Queen Caerna of Gwynedd
led them.

The armies clashed upon the white beach east of what is now
Cardiff. Caema led the feared Gloaming Covey of Claerwen, with
their enchanted emerald swords that clashed with the deadly sun

swords of Glamorgan. Sidhe of Dyfed summoned griffins, and a


magus of Powis called upon old debts owed her by two Pen-y-Cabar
wyrms. The sinuous dragons cast their great shadows against the
sun, and the Glamorgan swords went out like spent candles.

In response, Carniog lit a great bonfire with the bodies of his
fallen enemies. Holding magickal prisms before the flames, he
focused the light into thin beams that sliced the wyrms right down.
the belly. The ancient dragons fled, leaving only fae enraged by the
profanation of their dead. Yet rage did not help them, for Camiog
used the Torc, and he kept hold of the Shining Sword. Against it
none could stand.

The turning point came when, there on the beach, the
deceitful magus Prester Fflydd turned on his master. No one knows
why, but I think he may have given in to some kind of fae cantrip.
Fflydd struck at Carniog from surprise, and though the mortal could
not damage the Unseelie Prince, he did scratch the Black Tore.

Now hearken to what did happen: Carniog slew Fflydd on the
instant. But the Tore, once scratched, turned loose good Prince
Rhys, that Camiog and Morgan le Fay had entrapped in it those
centuries ago. He emerged quite mad, yet in a froth he shouted to
his mother — Queen Caerna, remember — "If he leaves the
bounds of Cymru, he is doomed!" Then Rhys, too, fell dead on
Carniog's Shining Sword. But his death was not in vain.

Queen Caerna heard her son's last words, and she knew at
once what to do. Prince Carniog stood on the beach, within a few
paces of the surf. Caerna gave quick commands toa magus of Powis,
Clothra Seabreeze. Clothra chanted a spell and shed a drop of her
blood to the pirits, and down on the beach the surf rushed up
to flow over Carniog's feet.

It was no more than knee-deep, that water, and yet it meant
that Carniog now stood offshore, beyond the bounds of Cymru
Carniog realized it and screamed, and at that moment, the Shining
Sword of Glamorgan turned in his hand and struck him down. He
fell into the surf, the Black Tore and Shining Sword slipped from
him, and the whole sea went dead black fora day anda night. And
that is the last that anyone has seen of Carniog for 10 centuries
since.

I must stop here a while to speak of Queen Caerna. She was
no bad woman, and in many ways a fine fae ruler; against Carniog,
all Cymru trusted Caemna to do the right thing. But no great glory
did her long reign bring Cymru, not to match that of Caledfwich
or Gwaelod. Caerna seemed always a bit close to the precipice of
Banality, or what passed for Banality in those times. Nowhere do
you see this more clearly than in her fondness for that most Banal
activity, political intrigue.

Not many of the fair family have truck with intrigues, but not
only did Caerna maneuver and connive always to extend her
power, perforce she also lured opponents into the same dull
maneuvering. This we see on Taliesin's death, when Caerna
sought the throne of Powis to go with her other lands. But as she
schemed for power, so she made enemies — by the very act of her
scheming, perhaps. No throne would these enemies allow her;
instead, they clamored for Rhonwen to take the throne.

But the sad end of Rhonwen left her supporters without spirit,
and Caerna grew strong in the following war against Carniog. She
became high queen over all Cymru as well as her own Kingdom of

High Queen Caerafallsill and her court grows weak.
Welsh battle for independence prompts construction
of numerous castles; many owned by mages and noble
fae. Battle of Hastings.

Robert FitzHamon, knight of William the Conqueror,
given land in Cardiff. Builds Norman fort.
Zurenzialle of House Merinita (Order of Hermes)
disappears. Mages later find evidence that he is a
changeling passing as human.

Madoc, son of Owen Gwynedd, Prince of Gwynedd,
lands in what is later Mobile Bay, Alabama and
teaches Welsh to Native Americans.

Wool in England. Still, though long and decent was her reign, it
brought no great time for the fae. Sad, ina way, for in many of these
same centuries of her reign, mortal Wales was enjoying its only

prolonged stretch of independent sovereignty before falling to
England. And there are English who will tell you today, that Wales
too did not achieve much in its centuries of freedom, the liars

Fancy that! Alabama, is it? | never did hear that before. Go
on, Professor Twidmarch!

Well, now, poorly went the day for Caerna's fae and the
Hermetic mages who fought at Grimsfen Tor, butsince Sam Haine
has already summarized the battle, | will not go into it. The long
and short of it was that Craftmasons bulldozed both groups with
deadly pikes and war machinery

Now, until Grimsfen Tor, Queen Caerna had been ailing,
and the land itself had come to echo her sadness. Wild rivers once
teeming with fish ran barren, flowers wilted, forests grew dark and
rambling. Even mortal Cymrians warred upon each other, burning
the earth and forgetting the wise lays of old.

With the fabled loss at Grimsfen Tor and Caerna's disappear
ance, the charmed places of Cymru faded one by one. The world
of men grew stronger, and Glamour grew scarcer.

The throne empty, there was no more likely successor than
Prince Gwyddno Garanhir, from the Land of Forgotten Plains. His
support among the fae peaked as he moved the court from Caer
Nantgwylle in the Cambrians near Elan Valley to Caer Cerdigion
Fora time, High King Gwyddnostaved off Banality, creating anew
the High Age that Cymru had known when
prime. With Cerdigion, all seemed right — but not for long.

‘aera was in her

1215 LossatGrimsfen Tor: ScientificmagesdefeatCaerna
and Hermetics, seize vital Node. Caerna disap-
pears. As new high king, Gwyddno takes throne of
Powis, renames it "Powys."

Edward I conquers Wales.

Mabinogi, bardic legends of historical figures and
magic, written down.

King Gwyddno's centenary. Cantrev Gwaelod, the
"Jewel of Powys," reaches peak of glory; contains 16
freeholds, including Caer Ceredigion.


‘sreaddesip ampud9 ureaMo, Olt

*A] Aruapy wai vonn oyeur
ypuarg se uoy]jaqaystaypus[o urea joamnyreg Moat
"uONTOdee SA4PUAID UTEAO OPT
‘sony
-soy asea9 ar]asug] pur a1jaag :souRNTTYy aL
"saouud
SIAN JOIUEpUDDsap ‘IAPUAIO UENO PIEZA\ OT HI-OSET
"wnuBauoUy] UY] 696T-6hET

+7S€1

Burssed sty Jo sprosay "wepeqiog] 19eD uay]ey-mou ay or AEE
amp} autds o2 zaypazio paxzom s1N0> ypog ‘YpIeJ pos ainsua |,
-IMpUA]O Jo Sur aes oyp sea a1jaasupy pur arjaag ueLWAD UAaareq
aoueI]Y at Jo sisa1 asIY yp Jo auO kU spjoy UreLpIy ases Suowe
uoruido Suong "mepno ue se pat] ‘ne UgIg WAL] ‘oxRsoWRU
Aw agaym ouUeUG UAL] Hau saAeD atues ay Or pay ay Avs
aulog "pareaddestp ampudyo ‘pasdeyjo woryjaqay sty UayA\,
ssdeyzod: -smoyjoy yeya Ur ang ‘SIU UF AraasduU OU s,9294 ‘MON,
"payrey uoHT]aqay ays pue "yst|3ug aup yam aon ev pouLoy sare
youady s,1apud}o ‘4are] sxead Noy Ng "BuNaay sear 410191,
-(2y}] axp pue ‘suapred oruesio ‘sasnoy AB19ua-m0]) 80
-Jouypa | dane] Joy aNUDD aYp UNI OYA sasew Jo ANULYD vB
MOU S,919¢p (PfOd WJ) Aaya "Ypay[UAyVY Ul TUaWeETTed B Payst]
-qeasa pure Ypres pue ydotepy pasmideo AMpud[9 "OPT Uy
yped siy Mo}]O} 02 URL a1OW SuMYpOU oy]
PoYM sistfeuoNeU AueW ase azayp Ysnoyp ‘epor IMPUATO se aUO e

{yons on uaddey aysiw weys Jo yUIUP Or ZoAIYs | eUquINYORY pur

aouely ‘puejay] ‘pueporg UI sare I19]2D Jo djay ayp ypia yst|suq
dup isurese UOHT]oqad v pay PuE sape A Jo BUI JJastUTY patute|D
-oad AMpUA[ ‘OPT UT *Ma13 uaUNUAsaL ,‘sa]eA\ JO ADULNg,, LOS
ysaiug sty pauureysord prempg sayy "sae A) pur purysug uaamiq
Yuk, AIOyLAD Jap4og ay payjoruOs OYA suoreg YsI|sUq ay
107] JayDIEY Yst|sug ayp asurese pajjaqay ay "aorsty ano ut Aja
yeYP ona S11 ‘sem ay ADAAIeYAA "PUdTY-o¥y v "UreYAHY Aq paxoary
Jeuow vag or uy aaayaq ['saouLud Ysja,A\ Jo aut] Bor tog jeuOW e
sea a4 WU atuOS "YpLY Sea ay TEU AUIOS ‘SHAssE axoY Jossajoxd aU
Se SPIEZIA & SEM IMPUATO ULEAG IY I aAKy spuaday aUIOg
"a1ay spualy someasog AUu se Ypns safteur
01 ane Up Joy ‘JO UTEYRTY 02 JO sjeuoU 1 Zuopaq aBerLLaY WE
saya ‘asea}20y UES jorzed urewas Aineag pur saarsiyy,
jpremar owospuey & nos
a18 J] J Pur aus 01 31 UNG *(yeAIG ANOA pjoY a,uOp pue) 11 Puy Or
uaddey nos jo Aue pjnoys ‘sauoisty se |Jaa se sarsoydoid surewu09
UaypuPUUY aXp WeEp ples stat ‘wou Iso] YBNOY_]_‘spioMm sit punose
saye1 unds pue yoog ata ajors sare] sjeuOU 10} ‘aUeU sty aztUBooaL
Aew nox "uaynurULns fo Yoo 4>0Ig AY, ‘sIUAAd Jo p4odad sys
ay} UT Pjo2 s! — popaeMg aanueD ayp jo srayo aya Yat Supe —
42018 asoya ‘Supeg 1983 :BuIpooy axp paatains pjoysay auC
"vale ayp noysnonp
sploysay ysyqeasa 01 warp Surmope Aq ureYpLy passassodstp ay
Suypmios Ut sdmacqasisse 1 aYBNos Suny ap ‘a19y] | "WYP patuOr}aa
sdury pauayeary ap azoya ‘eruopmoug 07 urEYTY axp pay sAavocy
(cuprysimag, diysiapea] 3uons moys pue Apaau ayy or WOpUIOD ats

Oya sSuyjasuey> jyeoam ‘dep siya 07 Aymst yey] ) ‘uopmoug Uno,
01 YuoUu punois yay Suoje way Burpeay Aq sumMo1a pooy ap
pases ‘euopaoug jo jeypsouias ‘sKaiaqq Youay eueA {O14 18013 9Y |
‘pojaemo Jo sutpoo}y ays o1 stag sa} peaye UEP |],M ‘MON
"ypAauey sod ae
suoneaqajao ureyply Ul ayeued o1 watp paraUl saMautos EUaED,
yup arom Aatp paao] og "siayns asn{ pur asim paaoud Aayp pur ‘azatp
ey ay WAM aovad ut paaty Aaup ‘sueuTEYs eUaqIaA A|qeqorg
sBuny pouayemy ayp se 19A210} pue Ajduits uMOUy
‘puaga] 01 350] Mou are sateU aso4ai poo]q ae} YA saBeUr yeA1s
own ‘Sut azam sBury asa. "diysiajru pareys Aayp ys 19A0
Wop3urye paystyqease pur etuopmoug o12sea pay sBury pouayeary
ayt ‘ayn seuiaed Sung ‘aouts wny papaasons avey eUaeD,
a1] suaanb ysty pur ‘ose sade uonogs0j ur unTY papadaid pey AueM
ysnoyp ‘pue] ayp jo Bury ysiy ase] ay sem OUppAME ‘MON
"29aJ INO YwauAg Aey SUIAALD oIULAT aso UY SIOTULAL SOULS
‘Avs Adu ‘OISSONY "SSN Y>O'] pue puLPOIg OU! puE[sUq Ysnomp
una Ajjenquaaa asaya pur ‘soye] Jo Yroauau punossuapun ue OW
daap sdea gor Jo []2,A\ au awYp Soper wadax nyso autog ‘padonsap
Avg aya ur sowtoy stay TueA OU Op AaYp 10, Joa aU pren' eIoUITYD
eas snonsuow IY? pres Ayjenba st a] "paxoasa1 aq. |]! pojaemo,
Aanueg Jo spjoysay quarsue ayy pure ‘Aeae ureap qa storea Aeq
Up ‘paaouias aq pl] aes Si Pjnoys ‘wey Avg UesIpeD Jo Wong,
ayp Ie Iso] [Joa daap B— adepiNs Gor Jo [Ja/X\ AYP IMOge soos
{yo pur uo ‘9as no x ‘sou ‘adoy aso] 3,uop ‘sBUNP|Y NOs Ng
oq 01 Ava aup sdeg URsIpes Ur AuLIpurys Up "ysNoy
‘godem p,] "21 aaey saop Ajpeas UIPPAAYY J} 40 poopy ay. Ut ISO} sea
aadurep] ay J! ans s,auo ou ‘ssajatpauon "oUrYpeU SuPyEUIpeAIg
UMO]qIAAO AWOS JOU PUK — saINsean asareaId s,uIEIIg_ jo
duo AjujEU99 — UOISIpsaZ J9KD papueMop acy PjNoys | ‘Weasp e
Ur OUPPAAg 01 SuWOD Uppy a19M | J] "SOS Jo INO AKG B stIAaS
puta] sty ‘Aes asnuu fang AystU ase] pud}y 19y90U sno sv OnUD[Od
SB aq 2,tI0M | "peaig jo eIdosnus v — ouppAmg Jo saduepy ayp
Se UMOUY MOU s,1eyA\ "UTeaLIG Jo samnsvar | ¢] aya Jo aUO UIppAAW,
uaald pry UOIstA B UL IYI pauNE]D seme pey CUPPAMD Sur
"MON "Aeg. UesipsED jo saves ap uado a1o1 mppag urUUatpag IEE
aysiu ay. aseay akaU' v Tuypyoy axa OY stonNoD sty PIP se ‘parp
OUppAME Bury Jog "INOWTE|H awaAd sv ]]}9M sv S9At] ISO] AAMIULD,
AYP ‘paUMOIP popseAD JO Aor OUP PUL UOHTIpIAD Udy,

Ag
ueaipres jo wonog ayp av paueypuo sdeqpad ‘Sunueaig ay UI
sdeqpad ‘11 941] spjoyaay say Jo autog atu [Ja1 spreg YA st NOK
1]92 J]! | 2eYA ‘pojaeg jo Bu1poo}y ayp jo ape pes ays wader o1
NOU AUNT Up OU aAeY | "URC] S,UOIIpIaD "Aard yeas e sem,

118) 294 Jo Apasen ap paaoxa pjnoo
Suponeyg ayp ang Sunpou pue unowe|S pur Aaneag ut Jay paaoxa
pjnoo eIpeazy ing Surpou 105 ‘uoIs|p1a_ snou9]s aquosop 01 aro}
spieg "uMmord s,nuundc ‘shmog Jo Jamal aya :uoIaIp1ag 10e>)

"eIUOPMoUg Uy spjoy

day MOU YsTygISA Oya "UEP Sutatains DUO

SBury pouayemy oy -pojseato jo Surpooyy ay
-Ianeys eIpeory 01 soreD ‘asinjox puy

ABJ UOUTLOD a[IYA ‘eIpesTy 02 aay aYpIS "yreaq]

PLA OL "Uoseay Jo 1opAO Jo asi ‘Bupomeys oy Spey


away were lost when the ancient Wyrm Dymnwdd succumbed to a
draconic form of Bedlam and attacked the keep.

If Glyndwr was indeed a wizard, he may still live. The beauty
of the mystery is that Wales' last native leader might yet bide his
time, awaiting the right moment for the resurgence of Cymru

Now, long for the redcaps were the years after Glyndwr's
Rebellion and the mortal Wars of the Roses. They fought a few
skirmishes here and there, but there was nothing to satisfy a
battlelust born of faerie nature.

In general, Cymrian fae were at peace with themselves, and
when they weren't, they were fighting to survive the ravages of
steadily growing Banality and mortal populations. Burgess lords
were continually ordering their redcap subjects to stand down, for
they wanted no undue attention.

In this climate, the redcaps grew restless — and, really, one
cannot blame them, for ‘tis in their natures to fight, not to pick
peacetime pansies. Cymrian redcaps secretly came together, some
of them murmuring threats against English mortals, often praising
their fine, plump flesh.

In 1486, a steadily growing band of renegade redcaps and
mortal bandits known as the Gwylliaid Cochion Mawddwy (Red-
Haired Bandits of Mawddwy) met in the mountains of Gwynedd
and began to terrorize the people of Meirionydd and Montgomery
There, they chased young children, thieved from passersby, ripped
out throats of cattle, sullied wells with decaying entrails, and the
like.

Over the next half-century, the population of redcap bandits
grew until everyone feared the mountains of Gwynedd and the
surrounding areas. Few fae would venture near, afraid that the
entire changeling population there had entered Bedlam:

Decades passed. The redcaps of the Gwylliaid Cochion
Mawddwy grew even more restless until, in 1548, a splinter group
opposed to England's recent consumption of Wales marched into
England and murdered 20 fae courtiers of the Kingdom of Wool.
Changelings of various Cymrian caers across their march tried to
prevent the event, but the Gwylliaid Cochion Mawddwy of the so-
called Redcap Rebellion persisted.

Itso happened that the courtier victims were most unloved
by the high king Albion of England. Had they been in the fae king's
favor, I would wager that entire Welsh Kithain populations would
have been wiped from the face of the earth. As it was, Albion set
the mortal authorities on their tracks as the redcaps returned to
Wales. With hidden assistance from certain English trolls, the
mortal army led by Baron Lewis Owen and Sir John Wyn of Gwydir

1486 Gwylliaid Cochion Mawddwy (Red-Haired Bandits of
Mawddwy in Gwynedd) arise.
Wales becomes part of Britain.
RedcapRebellion: Splinter group of Gwylliaid Cochion
Mawddwy marches into England and kills fae courtiers
in Kingdom of Wool.
Christmas Day: A human army captures and kills 100
Gwylliaid bandits.

1565 Earliest Rheibau ferch Llandona form Chantry in
Snowdonia. Many reclusive fae already live here
(dating back to Flooding of Gwaelod) and contest the
Rheibau's arrival through pranks.

Rivalry between fae and Rheibau ferch Llandona
(Verbena) develops full force after years of escalating
pranks.

1590 Snowdon Pact forged.

capturedand hanged over 100 ofthe Gwylliaid Cochion Mawddwy
on Christmas Day, 1555. This date is still celebrated throughout
the Kingdom of Smoke, where English fae string up red berries on
Yule and hang them over doorways to prevent Bedlam from
entering their frecholds.

A Verbena coven now lives in Anglesey which has forgotten
its roots in Snowdonia''s past. There, the earliest Rheibau ferch
Llandona, or Witch Daughters of Llandona, set down roots, and
retreated far from the travails of life on the Marches, where they
originally lived

Now, in the mid-15th century, the Awakened kings had left
Snowdonia, persuaded to fight the Order of Reason by the tales the
March of the Nine brought with them. (These nine mages, whose
tale is recounted elsewhere, led a failed attempt to convince the
Awakened throughout the world to resist the Order of Reason,
now known as the Technocracy).

So the Rheibau ferch Llandona formed a Chantry near the
ruins of Caer Dolbadarn, near Llanberis. They were retreating not
only from the contested Marches, but also from the witch trials
they'd foreseen in Britain's near future. When they arrived, they
encountered the fae who'd settled in Snowdonia after the Flooding
of Gwaelod centuries before. These fae'd been around so long by
then that they considered themselves Snowdonian natives, and
thus wanted nothing to do with the Rheibau.

A year passed, and the Rheibau had to endure all manner of
pranks intended to inconvenience them into leaving. I'm sure the
pookas in the audience could regale us with stories from The
Snowdon Cycle — that is, the tales of all the pranks that the
Snowdon pookas conceived and carried out in the years that
followed. Come to think on it, I believe that's scheduled for
tomorrow night. So the Snowdonian changelings did not surren-
der for several decades. They didn't want the Rheibau bringing
trouble into their land about as much as they didn't want trouble
from the Rheibau themselves.

Finally, the pranks became so intolerable that the Rheibau
confronted the Snowdonian fae directly. "Look you," said the
Rheibau, "we will promise to protect Snowdonia from mortal
development in exchange for the use of the Glamour in these
mountains. But you will have our protection only if you give up
your pranks.

Thechangelingslookedat each other, then atGloddfaGanol
the Wizened, the troll lord of Snowdonia at the time, and nodded
in agreement. From the tales, the pookas stood across the room
shaking their heads, arms crossed, pouting. Gloddfa agreed, and
the Snowdon Pact was cast, a geas of sorts upon each party.


Now, legends of the Black Dog, though mostly thought of as
English, arose from one of the guardians that the Rheibau posted
at the borders of Snowdonia. Other guardians, though not under
the Rheibau's control, included unicoms, griffins, and Cymrydd
the Wyrm, who was a weak descendant of the great dragons of past
ages. For their part, the Kithain met their agreement, allowing the
Rheibau use of the Quintessence atop Snowdon's peak while not
playing any — well, almost any — pranks on their benefactors

One of the most shameful times in Kithain history, the
Brecon Retreat. The Alliance had lasted over three centuries
when a magickal plague broke out among Cymrian Kithain. Some

say the plague resulted from a duel between two Verbena
ick, while others think that some irresponsible
English Hermetic twisted a Welsh Verbena's work while experi-
menting on diseases in his laboratory. Whatever the cause, the
plague arrived in 1665. The borders were sealed at about the same
time British mortals were beginning to die. The Seelie blamed the
disfiguring disease on the Unseelie, the Unseelie on the Seelie.
Distrust erupted, skirmishes were fought, blood wasspilled. Months
passed in chaos. Then one Unseelie freehold from the empty moors
of the Black Mountain in Brecon Beacons began a rumor that the
Seelie sluagh were plague-carriers. Nobles rode out early one day
on theirhunting horses, and came back that evening with the head
of asluagh.

The Black Mountain Unseelie continued to hunt sluagh
even after the plague abated. Seelie hid sluagh in freeholds and
fortresses, but the unfortunates caught outside were hunted to
extinction. Worse yet, some Seelie even began to believe the
rumors, and sent the sluagh out to be tracked.

One by one, disenfranchised sluagh made their way to the
Dan-yr-Ogof Caves in Brecon Beacons, where they were told
safety lay. Hundreds of sluagh crept through the labyrinth of caves
there, waiting for the hunters to hear of them, waiting for revenge.

The Unseelie never came, so the sluagh organized themselves
into an army and marched to the fortress of Carreg Cennen on the
slopes of Black Mountain, where the Unseelie freehold was lo-
cated. One by one, they slipped through cracks in walls, through
arrowslits and under doors, hundreds of them. They strangled
Unseelie in the night, so that not a one of them was spared.

Quite a while it took the Welsh fae to recover from the dark
days of the Brecon Retreat and the Great Plague. But the trouble
wasn't over.

In Snowdonia, the Rheibau ferch Llandona had decided to
follow what was becoming common practice then, allowing other
types of mages into one's Chantry. Until then, theirs had been all
Verbena. Now, they'd invited members of the Fellowship of Pan
from England to share their Chantry and the Quintessence atop
Mount Snowdon.

Well, the Snowdonian changelings were none too happy
about this development, you can be sure. There was a lot of talk
about tossing the Rheibau out, and then a lot of talk about just how

1665-6 Great Plague. The Brecon Retreat.
1723 Snitch's Last Hurrah.

1760s Banality enters Wales: open-cast mining, poor con-
ditions for workers.

1800s Methodism, chapel and temperance firmly estab-
lished in Welsh culture.

1830s Bute family inherits land in Cardiffareaand begins to
develop Cardiff as a port.

1839 _ FirstRRebecca Riot: farmers dressed as women protest
rents in South Wales; pookas inspire idea of dressing
up.

1843 Second Rebecca Riot.

1851 Methodism takes root; very mundane communities.

1864 Nockers form Black Jewel Freehold near thriving
Llywyn Llwyd mine at border of Dyfed and Powys.

that might happen. Finally, a pooka wilder named Snitch came up
with some ideas that he somehow forgot to present to his freehold's
grumps. Would the Rheibau miss their Eye of Garanhir? Would
they mind if Snitch made their Chantry glow like the moon at
night? Would it make a big difference to them if the mountain
people of Beddgelert could hearthe Rheibau's voices 10 milesaway?

For our Ecstatic friends in the audience, this event in history
is known as Snitch's Last Hurrah. It could also be called Yes,
Snitch, Oops' Is Right.

Oh, Snitch and his little minions made these things happen
— bang, bang, bang, like that. And, like that, who notices? The
Order of Reason. Mages begin tofilter into Snowdonia, investigat-
ing the oddly glowing Chantry.

The Rheibau pack their bagsand lef that night. Snitch's Last
Hurrah left the Snowdonian fae without the protection they'd
enjoyed for the last few centuries. Worse, it attracted the very
mortal attention they'd hoped to avoid.

Fortheir part, the Rheibau considered the Snowdon Pact void,
What happened to them? The professor tells me they ended up in
Anglesey after a series of adventures throughout northern Wales.
Snitch was upbraided and later setin charge of keeping mortals away
from Snowdonia. Such responsibility was never a pooka's friend,

Fora century the mortal Welsh, with all their mines of slate
and copper and iron and coal, had happy relations with nockers.
Human miners took the mysterious knocking sounds as good
omens; they thought the nockers led them to good seams and kept
their machinery in good working order. What's that back there? It
was true? Yes, well...there you are then.

Of all the mines in Wales, the finest friendship between
miner and nocker blessed the rich coal shafts of Llywyn Llywd in
the Rhondda Valley. Nocoal mine has ever been thought magical,
for there is no harsher workplace on this green Earth. But wonder
at the world comesalways from people and Kithain, whether or not
their place inspires it; and those Llywyn Llywd miners knew
wonder. Even some of the mine owners, who are, by and large, the
most deadly Banal folk who ever drew breath, even a few of this
mine's owners had a touch of innocence to them, for they came of
the proud and happy Morgenstern family.

Now, now, quiet, you lot! Settle down and hear me out. We
have most of us heard of Lloyd Morgenstern today. But Itell you that

Fiscory of Wates 141

Chapzer Sever


it was a much different Morgenstern who helped bring industry to
Wales. No one would call Hugh Morgenstern (Lloyd's grandsir) a
man filled with wonder, but he treated his workers a fraction better
than the other owners. And he took fancy to coal carvings, which
is to say, polished lumps of anthracite carved with pictures of
miners, or their wives, or sometimes even fanciful ideas of nockers.

The carvings, it may be, drew the nockers to consider Llywyn
Llywd their favorite mine. Or it was the miners' genial regard for
the nockers, pethaps. Never mind. The Kithain established a fine
freehold in the mine, is all, one of several I have heard of in such
places. Black Jewel Freehold lay off a deep side tunnel visible only
to the fair family and to mortals with the faerie sight. Sometimes,
as | hear it, the nockers would lure an unsuspecting miner down
their tunnel, treat him to the night or week of his life, heal his lu
of the cruel coal dust, and send him back, befuddled and yet starry
eyed, to the mortal world — where only an hour or so had passed

Yet the Black Jewel, too, has gone away, and all its Kithain
with it. No doubt Professor Twidmarch brings up the tragic tale in
his next bits of timeline

1883-1978 Architect Sir Clough Williams-Ellis. Built bi
zarre Italianate village of Portmeirion "to my
own fancy on my own chosen site" in northern
Wales (1940s-70s). Site later becomes a minor
freehold (1979).

Cardiff is world's busiest coal-exporting port,
shipping coal in via rail from South Wales
mines.

1914-18 World War |

1920-39 Great Depression.

1939-45 World War Il; Welsh coal mining industry takes
an upturn

1950s Welsh mages fight uphill battle for positions in
English government

1955 Cardiff becomes Welsh capital during decline of

industry in Wales (especially coal and docks),

1959 Changelings introduce red dragon on Wales'
new flag.

1965 Welsh Syndicate opens Big Pit mining and
industrial museums in Blaenafon, South Wales.

1967 Welsh Hermetic mages Rowena Jones and Mor
gan ap Maen Act passed.

1969 The Resurgence: humans walk on Moon; lost
trods, pathways, freeholds restored. Noble fae
return to Earth
Syndicate reciprocates by forcing decline in
steel and coal industries in Wales (create mass
unemployment, return to Banality). Virtual
Adepts partially alleviate this in the ‘80s with a
movement toward high-tech industri
The War of Ivy. Welsh cc joners do not
respect Welsh sidhe, but accept them more
willingly than English.

Isle of che CDighzy


Too much have you heard already about the War of Ivy. Too
fresh inall our memories, save yours, child. If youremembernaught
else, remember these words: never again. We Kithain cannot
afford to kill one another, with so many threats about us these days.

As for the restof the professor's outline, we indeed owe adebt
to the mages Jones and ap Maen for their involvement in the
mortal political process. Without their aid, I believe the enchant-
ing music of the Welsh language would have eventually passed
beyond living tongues.

Ido not worry that you will think life in Llywyn Llwyd wasall
beerand skittles. Notasoul alive nowcan imagine that coal mining
was anything other than the filthy, exhausting, killing life it was,
That book of Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley — it
is truth indeed that book tells.

But at various times people tried to improve working condi-
tions in the mines, and that time in this tale was the 1980s. You
wilders today will hardly believe this, but none other than young
Lloyd Morgenstern — grandson of Hugh and son of Clive, and
incidentally heir to ownership of the entire mine — Lloyd worked
as hard as any to improve the miners' lot. For he himself was of the
fair folk.

Some of you gasp, and I daresay you should. This is the truth:
Lloyd was a nocker. He had his Chrysalis down in the mine, during
an inspection, and in his fear he raced off down the tunnel straight
into the Black Jewel. The nockers took the fledge through his
Saining; he swore vassalage to House Dougal; he returned home
and set about improving the miners' conditions. Yet a hard task
that was, and Lloyd too new awake todo it. His own father rejected
his proposals and threatened to dispatch the young man to an
overseas office. All impatient, Lloyd grew desperate.

One sad December night down in the mine, as I heard it,
Lloyd went bad. Not the Bedlam, not Banality, but worse: total
disillusionment. Lloyd freely threw over his fae nature and swore
todestroy the wonders he had learned to see. He was not sane, that
young man. He became one of the Dauntain, the Autumn People:
In that one night, he destroyed all the nockers of the Black Jewel,
and their freehold as well, so that no trace remains.

Lloyd turned to staunch opposition of the miners' cause, and

in due time he inherited the mine. He started shutting down other
mines, destroying their freeholds, and hunting down the Kithain.
Now quite the rich man Lloyd is, and clever too. Andstill every bit
the Dauntain. A sad story, sad it is,

Friends, in all truth do I tell you that I have not a bit to say
about the last of these topics Professor Twidmarch has uncovered,

High King David rules the fae from fortress Tara-
Nar (North America); Britain joins the European
Community.

Hermetics work on improving higher education
in Wales.

Year-long miner's strike fails; union power de-
clines.

Llywyn Llwyd mine abandoned. Fall of the Black
Jewel Freehold and Lloyd Morgenstern.
Verbena of Anglesey report that a unicorn has
emerged from the deep wilds of the forests in
Anglesey.

and sorry | am for it, but they make thin tales compared to the fall
of Morgenstern. Thirsty, too, am I, so I shall wrap this up before my
three good companions drink all that memorable wine for them-
selves. What time have | left, two minutes? Very well, let me just
tell you two things more.

First, remember: The Dreaming still lives strong in Cymru! If
only we can drive back the Technocratic bastards and their Banal
lotoffollowersand namea high king orqueen, then much good will
come of it. After all that has blighted the heart and soul of our
homeland, there is wonder yet in Wales.

Second, I'll tell you a funny little Cymrian tale that some of
you foreigners may not have heard, and then I'll be off. | heard tell
of an old man of Llangolen who came home after a long journey
through the woods, where he sat by the hearth with his old wife and
their black c
today. A fog came over the wood as I walked, and I lost my way. I

t. The old man said, "The strangest thing did I se

saw a light and made for it, and I came upon a large oak tree. |
climbed the tree to look for the light, and down in a hollow of the
tree I saw a ceremony. A funeral, it looked to be, except the
mourners were not people, but cats."

Here the old man stopped in his talk, for the black cat at his
feet was staring at him ever so hard. "Ye
"the mourners and pallbearers were cats, and the pall were marked
with a crown. And all the cats were crying, Peter is dead, Peter is
dead."

the old man went on,

The old man got no further, for his black cat suddenly cried
out, "By Jove! Old Peter's dead, and I'm king of the Cats!" He
rushed up the chimney, and they never saw him again. Thank you
all, and now open that first bottle, my friends, for | am on my way!



Do not go gentle into that good night,

Old age should burn and rave at close of day;

Rage, rage against the dying of the light

— Dylan Thomas, "Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night"

Close your eyes and imagine an icy stream of clear mountain
water washing over your bare ankles. Now imagine a cool, damp
bre as it blows through ancient rowan trees. The wind carries
songs of bleating sheep and harp strings from far down the valley
Thescentof fresh bread and sizzling bacon tickles your nose. As you
open your eyes, soft clouds roll over foreboding crags, taking you
into their shadowy embrace.

Wales offers palate of pastoral delights forany visitor, mortal
or fae. Small in size, it holds great wealth in its scenic river valleys,
craggy peaks and sun-washed shores. As far as the eye can see,
Wales radiates an enigmatic charm. Any who view itare overcome
with a mood of joy and wonder. Even the most disenchanted find
the verdant countryside and its people entrancing.

A major quest for the Welsh fae and Awakened is the
recovery of the past. As wondrous as Wales is today, it is a pale
shadow of its former glory. The Industrial Revolution fatally
wounded much of the land in the south, once just as wild and lush
as north Wales. The fae particularly want to recover the riches of
the Lost Lowland in the Principality of Powys.

Yet a lack of unity threatens Cymru. Unlike the Kithain of
Concordia, the Welsh fae live under no central rule; the jurisdic-
tion of their own independent cantrevs is all they have ever
known. Some relish this freedom. But many others long fora high
kingto vanquish the corruption of the Dauntain in the Principality

of Glamorgan, unite the cantrevs and bring Cymru into a new
Spring. Among the Kithain of Cymru are several would-be
kingmakers who plot incessantly to seat someone on the long-
vacant Throne of Dragons.

The mages of Wales fall into three main camps. The first
camp remairis loyal to the Traditions. These men and women
descend from groups of mages present in Wales before the end of
the Grand Convocation in 1466: remnants of the Hermetic House
Merinita, practitioners of the Wyck and proto-Cultists of Ecstasy
who arrived during Roman times. A small number of Technocracy
representatives form the second camp; mostly from the New World
Order, they look to capitalize on Wales' new drive towards tourism,
digital communications and international corporations. The third
and smallest group are representatives of the Harbingers of Avalon,
a tiny cabal within the larger frame of the Technocracy, devoted
to the renewed hegemony of Britain. The Tradition mages know
nothing of this latter group, confining themselves instead to a
revival of ancient lore and primal ritual to invigorate their own
dwindling powers. The Technocracy as a whole knows little about
the Harbingers. The Harbingers seek to build a new Camelot, one
that enforces rigid law and orderso Britannia might once again rule
the world. As the Harbingers work directly against the aims of both
Tradition magesand the Kithain, a troubled future looms in Wales.

Chapcer Eighe: Cymru, Land of Song and Companions 145


The Welsh are one small portion of the Celtic peoples who
settled Britain long before the Roman invasions. The Welsh
language isan Indo-European one related to other Celtic la
such as Manx, Cornish and Breton, as well as Irish and
Gaelic. "Y Cymri," meaning "the companions," is what the Welsh
call themselves. The people of Wales are very proud of their
language and heritage; most public signs, for example, appear in
both Welsh and English. Other Welsh speakers live in England,
the United States, Australia anda small region of Argentina called
Patagonia,

The Celtic ancestors of the Welsh moved into the British
Isles between the 5th and 6th centuries B.C.. They established
separate tribes around one or two small enclaves and created a
hierarchy of nobility, warriors, commoners and slaves. Many
elements of this family structure remained intact through the
Middle Ages.

Today, almost three million peoplelive in Wales, many in the
large cities of the south such as Cardiff. Dairy and sheep-farming
dominate the north and central portions of the country. Industry
and mining, which sharply decreased in the last decade, cover most
of southern Wales. With the depletion of many 19th-century
mines, foreign investments poured into the industrialization of
south Wales; the Japanese led the way in this venture. While this
provided employment, the environment paid heavy price. Many
towns all over Wales now concentrate on tourism as a means to

make money without harming the land.

Poliaics and

Cconomics

My friend, you would not tell with such hig
The old lie: Dulce et decorum est
Pro patria mori. (It is sweet and proper to die for one's country.)

— Wilford Owen, "Dulce et Decorum Est"

Less than 5% ofall visitors to the British Isles visit Wales, and
more's the pity, for they miss seeing a land where the warm, slow,
steadfast pace of rural life still exists. Yet, Wales is also a land ina
state of transition. New sectors of science and technology, along
with heavy foreign investments, are replacing the old mines and
heavy industry of the south, and in most cases, the British govern-
mentactively recruits these investors. In thenorth, however, many
families are changing the venues of their farms from sheep and
dairy herds to tree farms and tourist accommodations in order to
survive. Despite generous multinational incentives, unemploy-
ment remains high in Wales. The average personal income hovers
around $22,000...but the average house costs around $131,000
Formal schooling is compulsory until age 15, and about 3% of the
population take part in higher or continuing education. Almost
20% of the population speak Welsh fluently, and the language has

enjoyed a revival in recent years

Welsh Lexicon
Bryn (brin) — A hill.
Butch (boolch) — A pass.
Caer — A personal holding, often a grand forress orca. It

could also be a small house depending on the rank and
wealth of the owner, usually a freehold.

Cantrev — Political unit roughly corresponding to a county,
overseen by an appointed noble in service to the ruler of
the encompassing principality.

Cefn (kevin) — A ridge.

Craig — A rocky outcropping.

Cwm (koom) — A valley.

Cymer (kye-mer) — A meeting of rivers, often places of
mystical powers and sightings.

Glyn (glen) — Equivalent of a glade.

Llan (thlan) — An enclosure, typically protecting a freehold,

Llyn (thlin) — A lake.

Llys (thlis) — A meadhall; equivalent to a hearth.

Maen — Made of stone.

Mynydd (munuth) — A mountain.

Pentre — A homestead; equivalent to a manor.

Plas (plass) — A mansion; equivalent to a lodge.

Principality — Political unit made up of several cantrevs,
‘overseen by a prince to whom the ruling nobles of the
cantrey give fealty; comparable to a small kingdom.

Sarn — An old road; the Welsh word for "trod."

Tylwyth Teg (tuh-loo-uth teg) — The traditional name
Welsh fae use for themselves.

Pronunciacion

Welsh pronunciation can be tricky; this guide merely
serves as a basic framework.

CH — As in Bach.

DD — Thas in the.

F— Sounded as v.

G — Always hard as in get.

LL — Sounded as thi.

RH — Breathy, as in thee.

S— Always as in sit.

Vowels can be long, occurring at the end ofa syllable, or
beforen, I, r, ioru; or, they can be short, usedalone, orfollowed
by the consonants ¢, p, t, m orng.

A —Longas in father, short as in cap.

E — Long as in pell, short as in pen.

I —Long as in machine, short as in pin.

O—Longas in more, short as in pop.

U—Longas the ee in spleen, short as the i in mitten.

W — Long as in fool, short as in took.

Y—As the win putty except when Y beginsa word, then

it is pronounced as the i in knit.

YW — As the ow in cow.

WY — Combines the 00 in pool and the e in set, except

after G when the Y becomes like the i in fit.


Fora Ya
RAN AT

QDage Poticics: One for One, None for All

‘The Awakened of Wales, small in numbers, are generally a private lot. They guard theirsecrets from outsiders and even potential
allies. The earliest willworkers in Wales were the Wyck; their alliance with the fae gave birth to a powerful family of mages called
the Rheibau ferch Llandona, the Witch-daughters of Llandona (singular, Rheibes ferch Llandona). Later Roman and Norman invasions
broughtSeers of Chronos and Hermetics to Cymru, The Technocracy had little interest in Wales until the 19th century, when Welsh
coal mines promised extraordinary profits. Recent Technocratic interest relates to Welsh advances in communication and
‘computers,

Factions of Tradition mages, such as the Rheibau ferch Llandona, pay lip service to their modern counterparts like the Verbena,
but most are reluctant to take part in the Ascension War. If the Technoeracy can strengthen its hold on the mind-set of the average
person through welcome increases in science and technology, the Rheibau ferch Llandona may not have a choice. The Harbingers of
Ayalon bid for power from behind carved doors with public school charm and judicious use of the pound, They worry little about the
threat of the "quaint" magick of the Verbena and others. They, instead, worry about transforming Wales from a land of pastoral wonder
into a stoic nightmare of upper-crust propriety. Once Britannia returns to her preeminence in the world order, more than enough time
will remain to rein in the rebellious peasants.

Sian Rowlands, Rheibes ferch Llandona: "Technocracy? Ascension War? Well, yes, um, sure | know what's goingon. But thatdoesn't
leave much time for things here at Llandona, does it? Who will tend the fields, care for the flocks, cure the sick and alll that? Not to mention training
the young ones! Sorry, but I've got quite a handful right in my own garden without looking for more trouble."

Jack O''Kent: "I've protected Gwynt and Wales for years, and by gum, I'll do so as long as I have breath in my body. These Technocrats
are responsible for bringing in all this newfangled science, yousay? Don' tthink I like that very much, What's the matter with the way we' vealways
done things around here? Why do these folks have to come in and muck with it all?"

Sir Mortimer Evans, Harbinger of Avalon, Seat of Cardiff: "Wales is on the verge of amagnificent new age. This is the ancestral home
of our greatest dynasty: the Tudors. It is a land that exhibits proof of the might and majesty of the British spirit. In the future, it shalll host the
lords ofanew Camelotas they fly their hawks and bridle their steeds, taking whatever is needful, bearing witness to the renewed glory of Britannia."

Rachel Poldark, Order of Hermes: "Standoffish snobs, that's what I say, Turtles! I's like the Awakened in Wales have their heads buried
in the sand of their beaches, They can't see what's happening right under their very noses! Granted, I didn't notice any HIT Marks running
around, but I guarantee it's just a matter of time before those idyllic Llandona types have to stop sniffing the herbs and open their eyes to what's
going on!"

Toshiro Kusaka, New World Order: "I'm delighted to say that advances in Wales are increasing. As with the rest of Britain, we've more
televisions, cable connections, on-line sources and even cellular phones! Syndicate funds pouring into Cardiff also strengthen our position. Our
future plans involve getting the tourism industry to promote Wales as a prime spot for technological investments."

Over the years, administrators have divided Wales into currently holds 10% of the 38 Welsh seats in the British Parliament

various regions. The latest division occurred in April 1996, cutting _andcontinuesto publish a newspaper and various bulletins, support-

the country into 22 sectors. Local officials answer to executives in ing itself chiefly on voluntary contributions.
Cardiff who in turn are accountable to London. Historically,

Wales was an independent kingdom between the 5th and 13th

centuries; previously, it was a Roman territory. From 1267 to 1282,
the country briefly enjoyed nominal autonomy under the Treaty of
Montgomery, but the English recanted their bargain and brutally
subjugated the land. Only under the rebel leadership of Prince
Owain Glyndwr in the second decade of the 15th century did the
Welsh ever approach independence. Since 1535, Wales has been
an official annex of England, and since 1801, a constituent of the
United Kingdom.

Any reader of Welsh history will quickly note the ebb and flow
of resistance against English rule. In the 20th century, desire forself-
governmentcoalesced intoa formal political movementcalled Plaid
Cymru, ot the Party of Wales. Formed in 1925, this socialist group
aims to secure self-government for Wales, ostensibly to preserve
Welsh culture and international rights for the country. Plaid Cymru

Climace and
Geography

‘A man who stays at home will learn nothing
Traditional Welsh saying
Like much of Britain, Wales hasa temperate climate, warmed
by currents from the South Atlantic. Temperatures range from
near freezing in the winters to sunny 60s and 70s in the summer-
time. Rain and overcast skies are common, and a chilly summer
shower is not unusual. High peaks such as Mount Snowdon have
snow at all times of the year.
Th

border, covering about 8000 square miles (12872 square km),

and of Wales forms a peninsula on England's western


Changeling Dolicics: The Sudject Was Roses

Much like the mages, the fae of Cymrudwell in fractious disharmony. However, diverse interests and passions rather than noble
orcommoner loyalties divide the Kithain. The by-and-large commoner population of Gwynedd wants to restore Powys, the lost land
oftheir ancestors, but lack the strong leadership, knowledge and power necessary to do so. Clwyd, home of two mighty sidhe, hovers
at the edge of a civil war; moreover, the principality's residents look with curious and eager eyes north to the Kingdom of Dalriada
and its charismatic ruler, Ross. Glamorgan is lost, and the noble prince of Dyfed strangely refuses to interfere with matters outside
his border. Only in Gwynt is there any real piss and vinegar among the populace, mostly commoners, for they are ready to defend
themselves against any incursions from Glamorgan, or elsewhere if necessary

The Kithain who wanta high king (or queen) of Cymru doubly outnumber those who do not. While they would, of course, prefer
a candidate from Wales, many would give support, if not undying loyalty, to a capable and just high king from Scotland or perhaps
Ireland. Hence the debate over King Ross, his marriage toa noble fae of Cymru, and co-rulership with her, has some distinct advantages.
Whatall Tylwyth Tegdo agree on is that no "Sassanach" should hold command over Cymru; most Welsh fae would rather immigrate
to the New World than see the English control their homeland. Many might even start a long and bloody war over the issue.

Blodwen, Seelie sidhe, maid to Countess Gwrly: "I saw the heather bouquets the king of Dalriada sent my lady. Oh, what fun
it would be if there was a wedding! More than enough time has passed for something good to happen around here. I'm not the only
one tired of all the skirmishes and such. Cymru needs a strong ruler, and if the Prince of Dyfed won't do it, someone else will have
to. My lady and King Ross might be just what Cymru needs!"

Ceridwen, Seelie eshu, maid to Countess Angharad: "You should see the lovely flowers the King of Dalriada sent my lady!
Finally, something pleasant other than reports of nasty battles along the valley. I don't know about Ross's intentions, but they're
bound to be more interesting than all the squabbles going on here in Clwyd. Besides, Angharad and King Ross would be a lovely
couple...just what we need here in Cymru

Ulric One-Hom, Unseelie troll mercenary: "My faith in the sidhe is not great, but rule is their birthright and so should they
have theirday. Iwill pledge my battleax toany Kithain who can restore Glamorgan and Powys, and set up some decent sort of military
in this kingdom, even if it tums out to be one of those damnable pooka that plague us here in Gwynedd. And woe betide those who
would stand in the way of turning Cymru into a decent place to hang my weapon!"

McGowan, Seelie redcap traveler: "Ross this, Ross that...well, I'll tell you right here and now,I don't give a rat's piss about that
stinkin' Scottish haggis! That prick's one reason I left Dalriada! What business of his is it to be comin' down here and wooin' those
two sidhe wenches? This is Cymru, not some forsaken flower-covered bog! We can take care of ourselves without any help from
Scotland, England or wherever!"

Derwyn ap Allyn, Seelie Pooka performer: "No, I didn't hear rumors some Scottish sidhe twit was thinking about taking over
Clwyd. Yes, of course it would be a grand idea! I'm always up for rule by a bandy-legged, skirt-wearing pansy. | mean, we don't any
have trouble here in Gwynt. Why on earth should we need someone who can lead and protect us? I daresay the first thing he would
do would be to vanquish the Dauntain, rebuild Powys and make peace in Clwyd. I'm sure this Ross character would have a clear
understanding of what life here in Cymru is like, oh yes indeed."

Dylan, Prince of Dyfed: "I feel the accusing stares from the North and the East. I hear the whispered rumors that I am turning
my back on the Kithain of Cymru by not demanding kingship of this land. All of you must simply accept my word that this honor
isnot one I may take! Cymru will one day have a mighty ruler, but this role is not for me. I beg of you to believe me and allow me
to continue just and fair sovereignty of my beloved Dyfed."

roughly 160 miles (254.44 km) longand 60 miles (96.54 km) wide.

Counterclockwise, the Irish Sea, St. George's Channel and the Travel
Bristol Channel surround all but the eastern portion of the country
Major rivers include the Dee, the Conwy, the Teifi, the Wye, the
Severn and the Tywi

To live in Wales is to be conscious
At dusk of the spilled blood
That went to the making of the wild sky,

Wales is well-known for its hauntingly beautiful mountains
Dyeing the immaculate rivers

and valleys. The Cambrian Mountains bisect Wales from north to
south, and the highest peak is Mount Snowdon at 3560 feet. Other nal their comrses,

major mountains and ranges include the Brecon Beacons in the —RS. Thomas, "The Welsh Landscape"

southeast, and Cadair Idris and Camedd Llewellyn in the north- From the mountains to the sea, over 33,000 kilometers
west. Most of the country's lowlands fall along the coast from the (20,460 miles) of roads and 1,508 kilometers (935 miles) of rail
northwest to the southwest, and along the English borders comneeall pti tis Wales; Travel Gireuigh the crag ometimes

Twenty-two "unitary authority boundaries' divide Wales kes a while longer than expected, but the views are alwa

into counties; this is only the latest in aseries of territorial divisions breathtakinglyspectacular. Recent innovations include the "Great

since the Actof Union in 1535, which joined Waleswith England. _Little Trains of Wales," which take riders to picturesque points
such as Mount Snowdon. Roads and railways connect easily to

Isle of che CDighzy


The Principalicies
of Cymru

Six principalities comprise the Kingdom of Cymru.
Clwyd, Gwynedd, Dyfed and Gwynt remain viable realms,
while Powys and Glamorgan are lost to Banality and ne
glect. Clywd, Land of Two Valleys, dominates the northeast
Gwynedd, Land of Mountains and Meadows, covers much
of the northwest. The ruined realm of Powys falls in the
center of Cymru, spreading from Cardigan Bay in the west
to England in the east. Dyfed, Land of Seas and Shores, lies

on a peninsula surrounded by Cardigan Bay, St. Gi

Channel and the Bristol Channel. Glamorgan, the Land of

Black Rowan, extends over south central Cymru. Its neigh:
bor Gwynt, the Borderland, rests just south of Powys and
northeast of Glamorgan. Clwyd, ‘sand Gwyntall share
a border with England's Ki

Unys (Don,
che Isle of Anglesey

Just off the north-west coast of Wales lies the beautiful
and mysterious island of Anglesey. During the Middles Ages,
Anglesey served as an agricultural center with its fertile fields
and waters thick with fish and marine life. Anglesey is also
home to a town with the longest name in Britain:
Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwilllantysiliogogogoch,
or Llanfairpwll, as locals, especially sign-painters and
mapmakers, usually call it.

The history of Anglesey stretches back 9000 years to
prehistoric times. Celts established Iron Age culture on the
island and held it for a time even against Roman invaders. The
Roman historian Tacitus wrote about the druids "pouring out
frightful curses with their hands raised high to the heavens."
This terrified most of the Romans, and many refused to fight
thereafter.

By A.D. 300, the Irish replaced the Romans as masters of
Anglesey, holding the island for about 100 years. Perhaps this
isthe time when Princess Branwen of Cymru married Matholch,
king of Ireland, a story that ends in sorrow according to The
Mabinogion; rumors abound that her kinsmen buried her on
Anglesey. Vikings and the English followed the Romans. The
English starved the Welsh into submission through a blockade.
The castle of Beaumaris still stands as testament to Edward I's
efforts to subdue the island.

On theisland's coast, Dwynwen's Well isa favored site for
those who doubt the fidelity of their lovers. A magic eel
reportedly swims beneath the well's surface; a concerned
sweetheart must sprinkle breadcrumbs on the surface of the
water and cover these with a handkerchief. If the eel appears
and takes the hankie, the unfortunate one knows her lover has
been unfaithful.

Today, Anglesey is a gateway by sea to Ireland and still
retains natural delights in its flora, fauna and numerous histori-
cal sites.


destinations in Scotland and England as well; the London connec-
tion for North Wales is Euston Station, with Paddington Station
serving South Wales.

While Wales has major airports in Cardiff, Swansea and
Welshpool, most visitors choose to fly into Manchester, Birming
ham or London, then catch the train or rent a car. A train journey
from London to North Wales takes approximately three hours; the
journey from London to Cardiff is a mere two hours. The M4
motorway provides a direct route from London to Cardiff; smaller
roads such as the A487 and A470 connect Cardiff with points north

Travel by water is also possible. The coracle, a small round
boat, enjoys a great revival in Wales. Lakes and rivers host great
fishing and sailing opportunities, not to mention the pleasures of
miles of coastline and canals. Ferries also run several times daily
from Swansea to Cork and from Holyhead to Dublin.

Coracles

Known as gurwgl in Welsh, coracles have seen use since
pre-Roman times. Ash or willow laths form the framework of
the small boat, which is then covered in skins or thick cloth
soaked in pitch or tar for waterproofing. Fisherfolk can easily
carry the lightweight coracle before launching and sailing
with the current. Coracle sailors use one or two paddles,
depending on whether they're casting a net. Today, visitors
can see Welsh coracles in use for fishing on the Rivers Teifi,
Towy and Taf.

Principalicies of
Cymru

Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks

into mine.
~ Rick, Casablanca

I get all kinds here at the Table — that's officially The Table of
the Twin Rivers, the best damn bar and Ilys in Cymru, if | do say so
myself. There are the honeymoon couples who come in all starry-
eyed, lost in a universe of two. Occasionally, I see students far from
home, on exchange, I guess, maybe here on their own desires but
more often than not because Mummy and Daddy kicked them out of
the nest and sent them on a quaint little Euro-holiday. Then there's
the gumboot-wearing, Land Rover-driving, woolly sweater crowd,
people who don't give a damn about Cymru's beauty and ancient
history, them who just want to have something new to talk about in
the country club back home. Creeps, all of ‘em. Too bad they're
necessary to keep this place in business

Don't get me wrong! I like people. And I don't mind the
American crowd, being half Yank myself. But I'm not getting any
younger, and it's damn tiresome to see folks who just don't care about
anything beyond stocks, bonds and car leases come trampling through
here, day in and day out. Guess it's just grumpdom slowly closing in
upon me. My buddy Derwyn keeps me cheered up with all his pooka


Trods (Sarns)

The summer sky of the centuries bloodstained

By the heroism of the ages;

In the distance you see our old valour,

The old valour of our extinction.

— Alan Llywd, "The Horizon Gazer"

Faerie trods once lay over Wales like gossamer webs.
Now, only a few of these sams, as the Tylwyth Teg call them,
remain in use. What the wise Kithain in Cymru realize is that
whoever controls the sarns in effect controls the land. Ifa war
for rulership does occur, the sarns will become prizes to be won
at any cost.

Oglan's Oance

The most powerful of all known sams, the pathways of
Dylan's Dance lead from his freehold in Dyfed to Cadair Idris
in Gwynedd, Llyn Brenig in Clywd, Swansea and Gwynt's
Cantrey Cymer. However, Prince Dylan only uses the trod for
social occasions. His critics use this to fuel the growing belief
that Dylan isa weakling, unfit to be prince of Dyfed, much less
high king of Cymru.

The Dooka's Lavor

This sam stretches from Gwynt to Edinburgh, and the
pooka who control it ask no price for travel from Cymru to
Scotland's capitol. However, when a traveler attempts to
return to Gwynt from Scotland, the return fare is expensive, at
least in terms of pride. Mere money holds no interest for the
pooka; they prefer pies in the face, shaved heads or nudity,
depending on their mood and the personality of the traveler.

Guyddnos Track

Only remembered in rumors and legends, entrance to a
sam of ancient power lies hidden in Powys. Last in use during
the reign of King Gwyddno Garanhir, the sar extended to all
cantrevs in Cymru as well as Hibernia.

Den ODynydd

Leading from Mount Snowdon in Cymru to Ben Nevis in.
Scotland, this is a secret Unseelie sluagh sar, guarded jeal-
ously by the Scottish ban-durrag that maintain it. These foul
creatures call this trod Ban-Durrag's Squirm. Gwilym the
Seneschal and others at Mount Snowdon are not aware of the
sarn's existence.

Cefn yr Oguf

Running from Clwyd down to London Bridge and up to
Chester, this sarn is a hotly contested prize in Clwyd. At
present, both Ladies of Clwyd have access to the trod, but right
toiits use remains one of the spoils of war exchanged in the two
sidhe's long-running battle.

nonsense most days, but there are the other times where it's just an
effort of will to crawl home in the momings:

Then one hazy spring day, she walked in, and a thousand
emotions whacked me right in the old gulliver

She didn't look any different than the last time I'd seen her, back
in London 20 years ago. That was in the selfish decade, a haunted
time fora lot of people. In America, we had fallout from Viemam and
the presidential crisis and the oil embargo and all that. Here in
Britain, there were Irish troubles and money problems and so on. Not
areal happy time to be alive. But I was dancing and singing my way
through life on-stage, and when I met her, the world all of a sudden
bloomed roses. It turned rotten again the day she didn't show up for
teaas usual. She didn't have the guts to break it off in person. She just
sent that candy-coated note slathered with her scent: Evening in
Paris. I haven't seen that stuff on the shelves for years and glad I've
been for it

But here she was, right now. And I felt like a recovering
drunkard in a distillery

Dainty diamond-studded ears peeked out from under her
auburn tresses, as those limpid, hazel pools mere mortals deem eyes
caressed me. Was she wearing clothes? If so, I didn't notice, so lost
I was at the sight of her flawless café-au-lait skin. Once a spindly little
eshu gazelle, a prankish childling known far and wide for her antics,
she had grown every inch into a wilder of exquisite beauty, grace and
sin. And then, her dulcet Algerian French tones kissed the air,
making it all the more sweet

"Hello, Nestor, you horny old bastard. It has been a long time,
no?" She took a seat at the bar and without thinking, I poured her
favorite drink — blueberry brandy. I hadn't tasted the stuff since
we'd parted. She sipped it, cerise lips blessing every drop

In the dim recesses of my mind, I heard the muffled snickers of
my supposed pal, Derwyn, from his favorite comer table as he
surveyed the scene, but his cackles became silent against the weak,
yet determined ramblings of my own tongue. Other guests, both
Kithain and mortal, paid little attention

"Hello, Margaux," I choked. "Croeso, pob hywl...uh, wel
come to Cymru." She smiled.

"Dear old Nestor. | knew you'd be glad to see me! And we have
soooo much to talk about!" Her warm slender hand touched mine.
and a tingle ran right down my spine into more interested territories

"Yes, of course, I...oh, certainly, anything you

Margaux finished her brandy, so I quickly poured another
"I'm on a bit of a quest, you see. An employer of mine...he wants
information
you help me?" I felt fingers scratching my horns, deliciously satisfying
a small portion of the itches growing within my body

nd you, the wisest man in Cymru, so I've heard, will

"My mentor, Tom John, is wiser than I by far," I mumbled.
But by the songs of my ancestors, Margaux, anything to help you
I will do!" Her smile was the only reward I needed.

"Ah, good! Oh dear Nestor, I knew I could rely on you! You
see," she said, voice softening, "I want to knowallaboutCymnu...the
Kithain, their treasures, the lands, the Prodigals. I want it all." Just
as I want you, said the unspoken promise in her eyes. I took that bait,

hook, line and sinker

"Well," I began, "let me see

Chapcer Cighc: Cymru, Lana of Song and Companions


Areuaoraw [jon ayaasup] ‘wHYy-2UG 19] —

"au yso no fi ‘stay uoyr yonor souetsf
D span n ‘ppm pun patina st suay fo puny ry. "asor Kut sof addn
001 ‘Hos snodwod pas v says Mg "Jo Pun sYoL waYp YIM ‘apry
01 29m] aug "aun p uodn 22U0 aaxiuDd scum wi IySNOf |

Ayam Adw2uD7)

"yRyemod auow pue rasta ‘s9pjo
ay Aayp aeqp mou ysnoua uaag 2,usey Ajduns a1 Ing "dryspuaLy 1S0]
A1atp puy or ySnoua aso]9 194 parexedas oan axp daay or aasas yt
Sty 9tp Suppunp ‘pereysuy pue dpm uaamdg pAw[O popiap
uvjq os ‘aouapisar quaueULad ut sajgou ou pey shayfeA Om L
Jo pur] ay. "ised aup paxaquiawas pur pom sixp Oru! 19A0 eq
passono Aatp yun ‘eipesry wt padden quads sread asoup Je woUDA
aatp Surdues ‘preauo quod yeyp Woy JyI0 ye parey oypIs
om aU "ssoupes Jay Jo pom Aue ayods sou zean e Azeu pays ing
‘Jaye 00s pauaddey weya no punoy A|1aK "shep AuIOIs UO AaTTEA
tp ysnomp punos |]s soud 2ay Jo saoype ayp pue Ysiy WIY Puno}
pereysiuy "pdm[o z9ary aqp jo siavem poo ayp ur sjasunry paumoxp
ay ‘spjay pyezawa axp ut sdospasap ayp paysnor uns ayp se SurwoU
au Og ‘UO Jo INBAY ay 3Yea1q 02 UTR ‘OaN aU UAAMIAG Bs004D
Jou pjnoo ay asnedaq Ayqusa) pazayns aff "9|qnon ay aouay pue
peroysuy pur dais yi0q paao|astaiay] 9} ‘surey 1813 jo preq pue
sechivy e sea UeUL StU ANg "UOUUN st WTeU stp "FUTEDIC] fEUOUe
peaoy yiog Kau 10} ‘SAa]]eA Om | Jo pul] ay 02 eIpeosy Woy spon
ay payjem uayo BUOLy asnopy Jo ppAUAyy Yo19} pereysUY pue
wey asnopy Jo Aad ‘Suyaneyg arp axojaq ‘ose sreak ALYY
yan jnguid axp pas
ual] | auokiaaa pauses ue|AC]‘]]e 31 Jo YOYS ax Woy SuraA03a1
sayy ‘Surueains pur Sunig ‘stey Surddys aypo yoea om asor Aayp
‘Aquappng ‘saat] snoraaud stayp Jo yaoq wtp 4oJ UORDa|JODa1 tHe

ODSIp aY

aueaquuatuad sty WIM pury "semMgeU ann stay paraquiautas pue
pasiowa Aoyp [aun Wayp Inoge sprens ras a} "aoueG] WAI] aYp jo
IspHU ayp UH azam SLI Ypog "Warp punoy ay aun ax Ag "pueY oUt
sranett aye 01 pawn] O1 padauunof sjasumry 9ounad axp pur ‘p1o] sty
01 plow attas pays] Ut nod s,ue]AG aug Woy JayDIEM Yy "sue
s pereysuyy 100d ut parurey uayp youre uexays'pajqqeq ayg"20ueG]
wear] ay oir aouENua pue IsUG pide: B Uap ‘Kourdi
suis MoYs 01 UeBaq APG "UAL, "P[NoYs UAIp|IyD oan se
for pareys
Buy pue
nay a107>q

‘purjawoy stayp jo syp!y ax ur day pur pin wer pue
‘aypasion paysney Ady |, ‘spuatyy Jo asaso]> ayp axdM pe
Apmp poureu spi13 Sunos oma ‘ised sread QT Surun
‘gouK "Arosty Urey ut rardeyp pes e st pAayys Jo ayer ay,
‘aseo aup uo Aeg udMOR pure [Atpy YALA
‘pueyur [jomdjopy pue weyxar,\ ‘uRpNy apnpout siaqua> ueqin
JYPIC| "stud 61 ]0UIUIAS UE ‘poypparstq FeuoNeUDIUT ax Joarsayp
si stp ‘stapiog s,pAmyc UrtpIM sisaz UayJoSUEY] Jo UMOI ay L
"punor-rea4 pur] styp auanbay jmoparem
0>]e4 "spuuq Apeynonsed ‘ayy|pyias jo aunowre
p Suaaliaad YoU Jo} Uaaey e St I "apisinunoD

pure smo ‘surpau
yews v a0u p
ams ay1 Ip sioOU! pue Saye [pews pue ‘uAaUdg sTepeD Jo
sqystay aup apissiuoye smoy yanos ayp ut aaq] s9ary ay f TYO ay
utp [nyneag ssoq st Aayfea saypTou ang "Aarpediound step apiatp 01
pAay[5) Joary atp apissiuoye aouep surequnoyy UeIPAAN|C) aL

fayBicy 242 Jo a1}

aAaes araag ‘sueag 10359y —
"ysiquaq,
Ur 340m Iw 2[D1 snonnszadns v uDY aLOW som aay parsadsns sKpayD
aavy | ng "fjasku sv yons maf v fo Kowa ayy w Kuo aun Kayr
MON "Parpuimp sama ay, "suns wy Kx] doay ays ‘umop Kq pu ‘Kajimq
s2uut ays moss dn asox yp a20]q 2y2 youanb 01 powaas Kypany um. fo
siuaion ay J *spuny sit pup daay ay yonuas 2 Kyjouyf aun ‘49s0}9 pup
49s0}9 Suma ‘apa s,uozuoy ays a pakoyd SuruaySr] "avaf sof paq sty
Japun mores» Kuru anosp sapunya pun sarys CuSuv ayn woaf pasnod
uy "Uaas poy PLOW ou Yorym fo sayy ay) "WOrs aqLLLAI D SDM 2494
‘aystu auo nun ‘sana fo spaspuny 40f parsv) spuasay aSunuas asoy_],
zasuns aspd 180] Suma' sayfv pasnfuos pun pavp Suuapunm uaapyy>
Alay punof saunawos siayrvf pun siayrout sv asnf ‘daays pun apv9
diay) Suouw ssauyars ppo uv pausodas sisuavf syunsvag "1ysiykvp
2yp Ut 290f 02 aavf suray sty 40 p40] snp Suraas 4902 01 Avams pyno> aUo
ON "S[DssvA pun uaappy> sty pip sv ‘sugqvy aBupsas uo yoo ys1quac]
fo poy v ‘spang ays Kos ‘8p Suor] "mouy | wyM nok 122 I], PUD
‘spStpog ay mogn au paysv NOX "spy asayy UL wTaq 4om UDYRY,
Kpooyg 2xau ayp 29s jam Kou. am !mou spiom Kut yanyy *s2]qno.4 ay)

JP andsap aad nfunvag v say "sKayvA om fo pur] ay ‘yy

,Wueang UrEWUNOYy >Y_L,, ‘seysNpY Soutas uyof —

"spaiq yfows pun saymay ayp yam

upiunow ayy ut st iuvay Ku mg

SSuos Cu Suryou awoy wos av.

‘| wo wmiunow ay) fo uog

shojo A om | Jop
‘phim)> Jofiaypdioury {ay |

am Kut pans | sv
pod paiuars v uo saiou Sunni uvdeq pun paynus xnvsiuvyy ,,u0y204
] ‘suf yuou ayy yum ums 01 Sunuvm aq 1],704,, *400}f 242 01U0 40q
ayp ffo wry payovym | sv ‘saka 3iq s,ukauagy wi ud pup auny fo 400)
ay) Suuouds Kpunmg pup yuup v sn Suunod ‘pws | ,'298 5,22],
dryspuausf
4900 Imo UoM ISM] PUD ‘yInO? 49Y 4of Payon TINS seUDg Ky ‘SULLY
4ay ut 12f 200] fo uorssod 1uapav ayn pun ymnok fo sdwos ayn Suypvoas
SxnpSayy uodn saka Kut parsvaf | way] "tnyo sanaq v punof | poy
Jonau pun ‘nauk moySnosya 11 fo prom poads pun ayqv_y ay png
padjay umuaq -a3v pjo fo saSvans ay puv uvduownps) yiog isuw3v
1ySif ays ur uorunduos Cut ‘ampuyavo Kut ‘puatsf Cut wv payoo} |
pau ay ,,imoy savys ‘anys doa anok Suudaay fo
poarsut awoy auos smoo ayi 19, qv1q asnl1]2m Kpoo}g urd nox,
,aasanbas sy asnfas | uvo mopy "puanaf
4vap pun pjo un st 2494 XnvSavyy j1S0y Pood v Suraq Kypavy 24,nok
"ukmuaq ‘mon, °SY00] fo Suuaynm rsow aya wry manp |
«iTOYM 40 sum anok pauwBas nok aavpy j49y wosf suONOL Joof snok
pty 02 asnfax nok Kjuappns pun aiay wi sio49 1401 sry ].,, "SuyS3vm sava
pas Kazapis ‘ayrpxof sty ‘40g ays o1uo paddoy ayy *aypSp pun yrSuanas
apply pappe2uo. aupaf sapuays sty ‘urW 19odwWoD ‘JPoUS y "yI0q
sn pasamops ukmuaq , (mou ‘Suimouy av nok Sunp Crane Supry
2g p,nok wy youam (48n sup st oy,A\ [2UDS NOK aun ‘4orsany "amUTUE
Kpooig v 1m mony, *40q 2y3 UO Umop pauunys pury Kunf


Gwrly's realm encompasses the eastern lands of Clwyd, the
larger and more populous of the principality's cantrevs, but her
valley is the craggier of the two. The Berwyn Mountains mark the

southern borders and the River Dee the eastern boundary with

ingland. The Countess' pride and joy is the town of Llangollen,

site of the International Eisteddfod. Each spring, in anticipation of
the summer event, Countess Gwrly sends engraved invitations to
all nobles and notables of Cymru to join her under the cantrev's
pavilion and watch the festivities in splendor. Needless to say,
Gwrly invites no one of Angharad's household, though for pur-
poses of the eisteddfod, she permits them to enter Llangollen and
attend the festivities, as long as they stay at least ten paces away
from her pavilion.

Caer Adern, Keep of che Birds

Countess Gwrly may be a bit aloof, but her plas (cabin) surely
was a welcome sight after that battle I had with those redcap bandits!
Hundreds of ‘em, throwing spears, shouting curses! I got half adozen
arrows inmy rump, I swear it! There was blood everywhere! And she
took me in and made me right as rain. Yes, indeed, within an hour
I was back out there ready to take on those bastards. Too bad they
ran away before I could show them a thing or two — cowards!

Rowena ferch Cadwyt, Unseelie pooka

Just northwest of the River Dee where the hills of Clwyd
begin to rise towards the sky rests Caer Adern, the plas of Countess
Gwrly. The freehold isto mortal eyesa 16th-century Tudor manor,
complete witha thatched roof, cozy guest cottage and well-stocked

stable. In her mortal seeming, Gwrly is a practicing veterinarian
and has her office in what was once the carriage house of the estate.
Mortals and Kithain from all over Wales bring their pets to her for
care. Rather than being cold, harsh and Banal, the practice is a
warmandinvitingplace, with lots ofclientpictures,abigoverstuffed
couch and a floor to ceiling birdcage in one corner, Gwrly's
assistant Jessica always has classical music playing on the stereo; she
keeps up the bookkeeping and schedules in addition to serving as
a veterinary technician. Jessica thinks her boss is a bit eccentric,
but knows nothing of the fae. Gwrly's practice is limited to
companion animals, but she'll help anyone in an emergency

Set atop a rise, the plas allows visitors to gaze down onto the
rolling green meadowsand even glimpse the glittering waters of the
river on clear days. A stone lan, like a big fence, marks the
ontentedly
within the freehold's pastures. Inside the three story house are

boundaries of the estate so sheep and horses may gra

polished wood floors, oriental carpets and a bevy of simple but
valuable antiques from the 16th and 17th centuries. The plas looks
much the same to enchanted eyes, except that everything seems
bathed in a golden glow of light. Guest rooms are plentiful and in
the great room, the cheerful balefire casts warm light on Countess
Gwrly and her companions. But the Countess' home pales in
comparison to her gardens, for this is the refuge of her heart.
Laid out in a large knotwork pattern with hedges and
paths, the gardens contain native plants and numerous herbs as
well as hardy imported flowers and shrubs. A hedge maze
provides entertainment (or a romantic meeting place) for


guests and residents alike. Alll year long, it isa place awash with
both color and son this is the source of the plas' name. All
manner of birds dwell in the gardens, from tiny finches and
hummingbirds to silvery doves and noble falcons. A lily pond
invites swans and geese as well. Part of the Glamour of Caer
Adern is the peaceful coexistence of these creatures and the
natural power Countess Gwrly seems to have over them. In her
presence, they sing and call and even alight on her fingertips
Rumors whisper that in the years of dissent between Countess
Gwrly and Countess Angharad, the balance between the rap-
tors and songbirds has slowly diminished.

Liangotlen
(chlan-goch -len)

If ever a high king or queen sits a throne in Cymru, I plan to
petition for an end to Gurly's exclusionary rights over Llangollen
Tis much too delightfula place for that cold harpy to determine who's
fit to enter and who's not. Shouldn't we all be able to enjoy such
splendid Glamour from the eisteddfod, without kissing Her
Excellency's hem?
Countess Angharad, Unseelie sidhe
Site of the largest eisteddfod (bardic gathering) in Wales,
llen is a small town resting in the Dee valley. Each year in
summer, Llangollen hosts entertainers from around the world at
the International Eisteddfod. The town itself isa charming blend
of traditional Victorian architecture and style with a dash of
continental Europe. Open-air restaurants decorate the banks of
the Dee along with craftshops, bed and breakfasts, and pubs. While
crowded to capacity in July, Llangollen still maintains a warm and

cozy atmosphere

Guiersyll Afon oR id
(Camp Green River

Tremember the last Imbolc up at laian's place. I counted at least

40 people in the pool, and not all of them satyrs either! I had Countess
Angharad herself sitting in my lap for a bit. Then that troll bastard
Ulric had to come along. So much for the water and any chances |
might've had to make a cold night a little warmer!
Nestor Evans, Seelie satyr

Gwersyll Afon Gwyrdd is a medium sized campground just
south of Llangollen. It's a favorite spot for tourists on budget
holiday and inevitably turns guests away during the eisteddfod.
laian Hughes, a handsome man in his late 30s, is the proprietor;
moreover, he isa kinain who takes great pleasure in catering to the
special needs of the Kithain. During eisteddfod, he sets up all
manner of tents, pavilions and banners, creating spectacular
venues for tournaments and entertainment. One reason the camp.
issocrowded during the festival is that the Kithain take up virtually
all available space; few bother to stop after seeing the "No Va-
cancy" sign. Most mortals who do see the medieval set-up assume
it's the work of a reenactment society

In the past few years, laian has installed some special ameni-
ties. These include a colorful fantasy putt-putt course, with jousting


knights, windmills and dragons, as well asan enormous jacuzzi that
seats about 25 people. The jacuzzi is a favorite with the satyrs who
try to see just how many people they can pack in and still fool
around.

Although the camp is technically within Gwrly's territory,
she grudgingly allows her enemy Angharad access during
eisteddfod and the seasonal festivals. The countesses have
agreed that neither will go within 10 paces of the other, though
their retainers may mingle as long as no hostilities occur on this
neutral ground.

Cisceddfod
and che Gorsedd of Bards

The eisteddfod (eye-steth'-vuhd, pl. eisteddfodau), liter-
ally meaning "a gathering," is an annual bardic competition
held in the summer months. Springing from a tradition over
900 years old, today's eisteddfod is a modern-day representa-
tion of medieval competitions among bards for places in noble
entourages. Then as now, contests include poetry, drama and
music of all kinds. Modem eisteddfodau are elaborate celebra-
tions with costumed rituals and large choirs of singers, including
traditional bardic arts as well as writing and painting. The first
eisteddfod took place at the behest of King Hywel Dda, who
wished to have the finest poet in the land serve his household.
His actions led to other nobles also acting as patrons to
performers. A desire to regulate the system of patronage
resulted in the development of a strict hierarchy of rank and
status among bards by the 16th century...and ultimately the
decline of noble patronage, especially in light of changing
political and cultural scenes in early-modem Britain.

In 1792, however, a Welsh scholar named Iolo
Morgannwg created a formal bardic and druidic society,
complete with rituals, degrees and regalia. This group became
the Gorsedd of Bards, and today, they officially proclaim the
gathering of an eisteddfod at least a year anda day in advance.
The Gorsedd of Bards' ceremonies include the call ofthe Com
Gwald, a trumpet which brings the people together, the
drawing of the Grand Sword from its sheath three times as an
affirmation of peace, and the presentation to the archdruid of
the Hirlas Hom of Plenty along with samples of native flowers
and soils by dancing Welsh maidens.

The Royal National Eisteddfod alternates locations from
the north and the south. The International Eisteddfod is a
global festival that takes place in Llangollen. Crafts, art
exhibitions, and sports all contribute to the flavor of these
celebrations. A recent addition to the exhibits is a showcase
of Welsh science and technology.

Waleshasalonghistory of poetsand bards, from Aneurin
and Taliesin in the 6th century, to Owain Cyferliog and
Dafydd ap Gwilym in the Middle Ages, to John Hughes, John
Jones, Richard Llewellyn, Dylan Thomas and Emlyn Will-
iams in modem times.

ancrev Brenig

Let Angharad preen and cosset her bit of swampland, for it is
worth little to me save a training ground for my warriors

— Countess Gwrly, Seelie sidhe

This cantrev is the western portion of the Land of Two
Valleys, smaller and less populated than its neighboring vale,
Cantrev Gwrly. This land of Angharad's stretches from the Clwyd
Mountains west toward Gwynedd and north to the coast of the Irish
Sea. The southern boundary falls where the River Clwyd turns
north towards Llyn Brenig. This tiny bit of land in the south along
with certain territories near the River Dee are hotly disputed
territories. More than once, the loyal retainers of Clwyd's two ladies
have come to blows on the lonely plains near the banks of the Dee.

Caer Brenig

Aye, lassie, I've been there. I even managed to snatch a few of
those pretty trinkets Countess Angharad's slaves, oops, | mean
crafters chum out in her sweatshop. If you ask me, that girl has a
hankerin' for some real action. You know what they say about those
Victorian types; underneath all that lace getup they're hot-blooded
creatures. Angharad to my mind is no exception

— McGowan, Seelie redeap

Inher mortal seeming, Countess Angharad has reputation as
a historical restorationist. While she restores all periods, her
specialty is 19th-century recreations. Countess Angharad's home
possesses. Victorian resplendence. Just north of Llyn Brenig, from
whence she chose the name of her cantrev and keep, rests her
Victorian country home. Everything in the plas is silk or velvet,
rose pink or cornflower blue. Fanciful scrollwork and ornate brass
handles cover the bureaus and escritoires, and quaint knickknacks
and bric-a-brac give the home a pleasant clutter. All the beds are
four-posters hung with Venetian lace and mosquito netting, while
scents of fresh-cut flowers and potpourri waft through the rooms.
Hundreds of rare books fill her library, most of them bound in
leather, just like the walls. Instead of one large balefire, Countess
Angharad has "balefire by gaslight." Glamour flows throughout the
house to appear as soft flames in small enamel wall sconces. The
source is a big porcelain boiler in the basement, presumed to be
nocker handiwork. The eyes of Kithain can also observe several
chimeric creatures the countess keeps as pets: an enfield, an ermine
and even a small green dragon. They lurk in the corners to scare
guests and keep their mistress entertained.

Angharad has a small workshop on the grounds of her home
called "Victoria's Reticule." Here she employs three enchanted
mortal brothers, John, Owen and Cary Pritchard. Their handiwork
rivals that of nockers; the: ristmas ornaments,
blown glass, lamps and jewelry but can usually reconstruct any
piece of period furniture given time. The shop is open to tourists
and brings in quite a tidy sum.

The grounds of the plas are simple but well-manicured. Lawn
tennis, badminton and croquet rank high on Countess Angharad's
list of pleasures, and facilities for play exist year round. And while
few birds grace the plas, a fat, good-natured cat always lies around
in a spot of sunshine on the premises.

Chapzer Erghc: Cymru, Land of Song and Compamons 155


(Doel Archur

Oh, yes, I saw her one dark night. She wore this old tattered
white dress and howled up at the wind. Then she gave me three peas
that turned into big gold pieces at dawn. Too bad I can't show them
to you; I spent them on a good bunch of carrots long ago
Derwyn ap Alllyn, Seelie pooka

An unmarked grave at the base of the Moel Arthur hill in
the Principality of Clwyd contains the bones of some unknown
hero, along with an iron-bound chest of treasure. Locals specu-
late this may be the resting place of Boudica or even Arthur
himself. Many have reported seeing a gray lady appear in
moonlight or during fierce storms; one man even told a tale of
receiving peas from the mysterious woman that turned to gold
at dawn

The Iron Scag

If you're looking for nasty work, the Iron Stag's the place to be
But watch your back; the tart that runs the place would just as soon

rip out your heart as pour a decent stout
Ulric One-Arm, Unseelie troll
The city of Wrexham is home to the Iron Stag
enough looking place on the outside. Inside, howeve
for some rough characters.

Built of rough stone, the dimly lit pub has hardwood floors
and battered wood benches and tables. Glasses hang froma rack
over the long oak bar, well within reach of the tall, ebon-haired
proprietress, Edie Davis. The pub serves a variety of drinks and
light snacks from mid-afternoon far into the night, when some
darker business deals are made.

Edie and her stocky partner Hugh Calhoun are not what
they seem. She is a Fianna Philodox, a member of the Brother-
hood of Herne. Hugh is an Unseelie nocker with talent for
building bombs and custom weapons in his basement workshop.
Edie uses the pub as a meeting place for terrorists while Hugh
provides expensive but extraordinary hardware at reasonable
prices. In the past, Edie brokered a number of deals that led to
bloodshed in England and Ireland; her most recent clients
included some eco-terrorists from Scotland. She and Hugh care
more for profit and adventure rather than causes. These two
The Welsh
's activities, including
her ongoing affair with Hugh. However, should Countess

have made a number of enemies over the years.
Fianna generally turn a blind eye to Ed

Gwrly find out about Hugh, his punishment would be pro-
longed and terrible


suotuvdiuo> pup Buos Jo pup] mawfig 2yf8iDd wo2dvyD

aKges arjaag ‘sueag 1018ay —
num) ws pjoyaasf
pnfimnag Kyou rsow ay 40f 2100 Su 8128 uopmoug 1unoy
Og "4081p YonuL ‘yon wa9s 2 ayDUL OD [Po aAogD YBry sas FuM29
ay ing ‘12af axoMbs punsnoyr v unys ssay Kqoqoud st ployeasf 24]
oof ay) uo punoan ais sn{2]doad 1sou pun ‘s2jqv1 40f 84904 wi passin
soa maf v ‘oua ayn suaay aunanusnf apy pun ‘suonmsosep ou 4929
syppm auons ay,1,"wonsayfas sn wi vipooay fo saBvun Kmopoys 22s Koy
woms aapy aos MY anowD}E) fo nf pu 24nd os 410m ya1m Jood
Cun » onw kypvars sdup apoosna aya ‘saquiawis uw Kup aus ‘sijaut
Janau wy) pofiawm uarouf fo wy ‘uuof up.as v say 194 a41f270q
ay] ‘4opuards joists Jo wypo v 01 umop Suypuds surmis poaww>
2p apisul auors ays Suopp ras pun "umyny sof suado yap ay mg
20Upp8 puodas v Kypavy yum asod pom prom poUoW Kup sy0x ay
ws yBiy po aygistaw asowyo uo st apop8 snp 02 aouvszua ay 1 "pours
{mau ‘3003 Sunok v svm | uaym wopmoug TUNopy panista say |

UOPMOUS 2unoc]|)

"DR stp axoUst Apuaruaau0D
‘aaamoy ‘eyood ayy yred jeuoneu e ‘Ype zaye ‘st suewmy 07 eare
SIY | "neyo Apuessadaua,uop ureUpTY yp AeIp ppaudao ut Aion
aay Jo Suruunaq ayp yeu Yaaamoy ‘mojaq sAayJeA ayp ‘tpnos
tp Ut SUP] Areped or YOU ayp UT UATaMay] PpauseD wioy sdor
urejunou! atp Suope saypians adoid eruopmoug aanues,
-shmog Suipinqas pur Suneaso ueyp sayrex uoRensturUIpe Jo auO
OUT PaUAM ssa] JO BOUT FEYDsAUAS Jo ADYJO ayp ‘snUp LOSsa2oNS JY
Pip se ‘pajnias sioaraans ay Sum3 ayy] Jay jo asax au quads euea x
UOpMoug UNOYY 01 YOU skaiog JosuTe|d papooy axp Woy sIOALAINS
pa] ayg "shag youay euea x yo oureu atp q 4ayD0Ue sem eTUOPMOUG
Jo Jeypsauas ayp ‘ya skaog Uay,\ "eIUOPMOUG Jo JeyDsoUds
Jo aoyyo ayp Suneax sep ‘sanues ayp aasiaro or 1aUOUTUIOD
Sunurodde jo uonpen pao} yontu e yas oy ATURE,
Sury_ yi} Jo Uonoipsunf axp zapun j]a} sMopeayy pur surerunoyy
Jo purr] ayp ‘of sia, ‘pue] 4Jauo] pur pasnu es eruopmoug

ouppan,

uviidog arjaag ‘peypsauag ayp wi}AMS —
adoy pup wopsim yum partun pur}
bv — 10u ppnoo | YM anaryov uv9 aUOAWOS ‘Kopawos mY OS ‘Jam
sp sauodiouud sao ay wt pup a1ay 2qdoad ay) 1sSuown Seupuin
daoy asnw pain sty J ‘o8v3u0] som naw onsafrw moy fo Kowa
ay st 4ayza8on sn spuig amp poauy uoUKWOD ay Ng "vIUOPMoUG UL
auay sn 40f 19n19q 128 Kays a40fag asiom 208 pm sSunp Kosoxvp |

DIUOPMOUS Jo AdX2UD7D dy, |

-poo8 yoo 2,uop sisadsoud ang ‘aumaayy sty ut sade aysiu
uaanb 10 Sury ysiy mou e reEp sadoy ‘wAyIMG ‘Jey>sauas yuaLND
DULL, "AWN Jo peaye [Jam stossaoons say SuturEN pue SuIscoyD
skeanye Surneyg atp ysnoxtp ampua on pageuew oym "eruopmoug
Jo s[eypsauas axp woyy st aouepins jo pury Aue o1 aay ppaudng
jo UreuprY oyp Burp asasopp ay, "uaas sade pey aey Wapoul YoTyar
Jo sayy aup ‘utedsap ayquaiaa jo um v sem sity] "Bury stop Noy
uo 08 ,upjnod 10 adoy yonus 002 180} p.Aatp sdeyag ‘uaddey a,upip
stip ‘4jpreunuoyun ‘dnoxax 1 Sundoy ‘ppaudag 01 pay aBnjap ay
aatauns 7 paSeuew oym auossaaa ‘1]9} shavog Udy A\ "PUE] ISO] TEE
01 sioou Tarp sadn ppaudmg ut auO{LAAA Is0UM ‘SK¢Mog Jo shEp-A4O]S
ayp 01 unas e st yueM AyJead Ppaudm jo ajdoad axp ey Ay,

"yeypsouag ayp wAyING 01 Yoo] sMopeay pue surETUNOPY
Jo pur] atp ur uretpry sou ‘UoIstoap & ayeUI 02 sey aUODWHOS J]
"actuzareyy 1,Uop Aaya ‘TuWWAS Jo Urey asowW uk JayI0 YDeD YIM
sua Aypuauy uo a[!yM pue sepuage umo sty sey Ye sSuIpjoy
‘oma atp 2e siuapIsa ay] "soUOUTUOD Jo spueY atp UT Yea wIMg,
UNG puke Uopmoug TuNoYy :ssuNpIoY axeIedas omu sey eTUOPMOUG
Jo aanued ayy "Aepor ppaudmg saya ureyTY a}BuIs ON
"urequg ut spuE[ysrY asapjo aup Jo auI0s WHO} 01 surEIUNOWY
uenquied jo Urey Jafze] aya SuruIOf aSuey ueTUOpMoUg ay
‘ppaudma uodn umop siamopa sup] zrepeD "ynos axp o | "nuwA)
ut ead sa]]ea atp ‘uopmoug aunoyy Jo smopeys atp Jo aseayOU
‘suaquey] 4eaU Y QOD] 49A0 asf spudose UATJaMa]] ppoUED
suoRoeMe jJoryo ay? UleWEI "aAIMOY ‘sUTeIUNOU ay],
sud]ag WAY] pur pray uA] Yaary AmuoZ ayp Uo s]jey MOTTEAKG se
ypns ‘sayze] pur sjpeparem SUIS AUD Pe19AIs 01 9WOY OSTe St PpaUAMO,
"smopeatu pue suIEJUNOW ayp UNYIM Jadaap ajasau suaquey] pue
ney PS|Og ‘Borunsajy "ueyAaAgs) ‘pao-A-sautag se Yons'suMOI Ja] EUS
a]!Y% juns pue eas ayp aro] OYA Aue JO sLOsor se{ndod se aasas
oupnpuey] pur Uda | ‘uopeEMIaRD ‘LOBUEg ‘AMUOT se Yons sUMOI
Jesseoc "Surpes 0 Surysy ‘Buryyem 40} aurpseos you ve apraoid oy
s2aqeM 9s9Up OUT INO sey Puarxa Aasa[sury Jo as] atp pur ejNsuruag
kay] 341 "yiou pueasom ayp uo souepunog s,{arpediouud ayp Wo}
(01 SQU0YS §,PPaUAM UO astMyDO]DIAIUNOD YseM LAG YsuT aYp pue
Aeg uopeuzoe, ‘deg ueStpreS Jo siarem ay | "stapyog tWayANos pur
Uwarseayanos ayp yeu YA] JaAny ay pue sureUNoyy UeLGuIED
ayp jo daams aup arya aseayaiou ayp ut 99g] Jaary au pur sary
Aatuoc au 02 jajesed suru xopuog warsea s,Aayjedioursd oy,
"sp]ey paramoy ssaypua SuLayeM saspiq HnueWOL JapuN pur sauoIs
JUA!UE 1940 SUIMOY SIAL Tea] ay UO aunseayd YUM azeB Loy
ase jim Aang §
ayp punoze save.

UaAa INg "saBe]]IA Pur suaor a]a1] SuIULEYD
Assea ur je) ey sayea pur syy apuas ax jo
SS9U]PA0] 94 95 0 |10y IsIY 2e ABUL sIONISTA put ‘pemdn saa AeIP
Ajqentaaut afuey eruopmoug atp jo syead paddes-mous au,

aAaes ayjaag ‘sueag 101s9Nj —
"sansasap 11 Cunsap aya 01 2} apm'
01 spuy 3uuv> pup aprua8 aap spaa..at awym {ynfanvag Kpuasyfiusput
St ‘maw Jo sow a4] "Kos ryBnU Nok ‘Gyodiouud sanuosf
» fo uos ‘pamasun pup ysnos supuias ppaukme ‘101200
.S!MO]Y PLaH,, "UAA\ YOY! —
*Kauoy fo sdno ay,
‘sypo4 aya fo ssamorf
‘sBouo yBry ayn fo syjaq SuSury ay
‘pum pup uns fo wypas ayr fo swa8 sf
‘Buoays 1amb ayp ‘mous Kaya wo,

SMOPDIC_[) PUD
sum2unoc{) Jop

pure

Jo faypdisuric{ay |


Mount Snowdon's icy summit bejewels the crown of
Snowdonia. The Welsh call it Yr Wyddfa Fawr, which means "the
great tomb." Old stories, maybe even older than the Dreaming, tell
about a sleeping giant who rests deep beneath the earth. Some say
the giant is an evil demon who killed great kings and clothed
himself in their beards. Others write that somewhere on the
mountain is a great bell that will awaken King Arthur's sleeping
warriors who rest under the hill. Finally, rumors circulate that
Arthur himself rests near Bwlch-y-Saetheu, the Pass of Arrows, not
too far from the summit

Yr Wyddfa Fawr is a strange place; sometimes, the dross of the
pool does bizarre things, far beyond the wild and unpredictable
nature of Glamour. What certain Tylwyth Teg report is that
sorcery using dross from Mount Snowdon sometimes grows impos-
sibly powerful, rather than just fizzling or going haywire. Nestor
Evans spinsa tale about the troll Ulric One-Hom getting drunk on

id while at Mount Snowdon. The troll started picking on the

p McGowan, and before anybody could intervene, the two
were in a scuffle, rolling around, punching, biting and gouging
Gwilym finally got the nwo pulled apart and set about repairing
everyone's injuries. The seneschal is famous for his healing salves,
and so he drew some water from the pool, stirred up his salve and
smeared it all over the casualties. And something amazing hap.
pened; in addition to their wounds healing, the troll and redcap
lost about five years of age! Gwilym tried over and over and over
to fi out what he'd done, to no avail. By no means is this the
strangest tale about the Glamour of Mount Snowdon, but it is

pethaps the most famous.

The Secrec Pool of
Or Wyddfa Laur

Yr Wyddfa Fawr, Mount Snowdon, is far more than even
thie wite Nestor Evans suspects. The' mountain's source of
Gilainoue tat call af eeobe texting oc tha top of che wanerfall;
ibe Gri in eettiad lease lneoeli es ene ecema'o
oeLaeettean een Coens pene Accl to comlicare
Eepeea rani eyes fort cess gon' a pOwetful
Ile ree re ee wrt caren yin ft drtos nck
only Glamour but also Quintessence. Thus, Yr Wyddfa Fawr
isnotonly the most beautiful frechold in Gymru, but the most
powerfulieswell.

The secret of Mount Snowdon's hidden stone rests only
in the minds of the seneschals of Snowdonia, passed along
ene te oc tilecead bo yoxeig wiccetsoe Gwilymnis thas
the only Kithain in Cymru who knows the truth...though a
few such as Tom John and Nestor might have suspicions.
Gwilym is of two minds regarding the glen. He needs trusted
Kithain such as Nestor or even Ulric and McGowan around
Peotile les plar ere ont things thu hefweleomed mine
Welsh fae to the mountain, albeit cautiously. On the other
hand, he knows that should someone guess the true nature of
theglyn (the Tylwyth Teo's term for glade) and tryco seize and
misuse ics powers, ell Cymru will suffer. Thus Gwilym's
desperation to find ahigh kingwho can guard and nurture the
sls ls quite justified.

Isle of che COighzy


Lovespoons,
Wise QDusings and Lecks

Lovespoons are the traditional Welsh betrothal gift of a
gentleman to his ladylove. The man carves the spoon from a
single block of wood with elaborate knotwork, key patterns,
hearts or whatever he imagines his lady might fancy.
Lovespoons vary in size and complexity from delicate pieces
that fit in the palm of a hand to those more than a foot in
length. Common symbols in lovespoon designs include dia-
monds (for good fortune), dragons (for protection), keys (for
security), knots (for everlasting love) and ships (for good
passage through life). The married couple usually hangs the
spoon over their hearth asasymbol of the unity in their house.

Many bits of wisdom and homilies punctuate the Welsh

common wise sayings and bits of advice.
As the name implies, they create metaphors or similes using
three items for comparison. "Three cold things of the world:
A greyhound's nose, a marble pot and a miser's hearth" is an
example. Penilion are popular verses, usually short and with a
simple meter, that convey some sort of emotion or feeling,
Englyn more closely resemble epigrams or epitaphs, usually
onelinewithaslightly more complicated meterthan penllion.
While most such adages date from the 18th and 19th centu-
ries, the styles and ideas behind them linger from ancient
times.

Finally, no discussion of Wales would be complete
without mention of the leek. This noisome vegetable boasts
many tales; traditionally, it was a mainstay of the Welsh diet.

adership of St. David, soldiers wore them
helms,and thishabitcontinued duringthe Battle of Agincourt
and the rulership of the Tudor monarchy.

Becws-y-coed
(say-cess-ee-coh -ed)

Ican'tthink of anything more fun than to sitin the old graveyard

late at night and scare people coming out of the pub:
one so bad they ran off and fell in the river!
p that
wen Jones, Unseelie sluagh

The picturesque town of Betws-y-coed sits astride the Conwy
River and serves as a major center for display of fine Welsh crafts,
including lovespoons, woolens and pottery. Kithain adore the
town for its abundance of Dreamers am the craft folk. Only
about 900 people live here, but Betws-y-coed prospers from tour
ism. The town has.a number of Victorian inns and shops, with two
old churches and a footbridge across the River Conwy. Several
sheep farms form the town's perimeter, and the view from almost
any point is spectacular, highlighting the surrounding mountains.
Swallow Falls is a p! nt hike north of Betws-y-coed and has a

splendid river overlc


Dencref Crafcs

Last week when I was down Betws-y-coed way, I saw this sidhe
buying a couple of lovespoons at Pentref Crafts. Now, I couldn't
swear to it, but he had this way about him that reminded me of those
fops at King Ross' court. First, flowers, now lovespoons. I smell
trouble

— McGowan, Seelie redcap

Near the center of Betws-y-coed is one of the largest and
finest centers of craftsmanship in north Wales. Pentref Crafts is a
two-story stone andslate building from the late 1800s that has both
merchandise and demonstrations of weaving, carving and pottery.
The store operates as a collective, with members paying a modest
annual fee and working part-time as cashiers. Several of the local
Kithain, including Gwilym and Rowena ferch Cadwyr, sponsor
the younger artisans by paying their annual fees. At least once per
year, usually in the spring, Pentref Crafts has an opening party
exhibiting new works, gearing everyone up for the summer tourist
season. Kithain from all over Cymru look forward to this celebra-
tion of their country'

PenmachnoPony Trekking Clud

Since Da is usually busy up at the mountain, and my two
married sisters live down south, I've had to take on a lot of
responsibility here at the farm. I don't mind at all; I love the ponies,
and I enjoy taking people out on the land. But | am getting alittle tired
of what | assume must be pooka coming in and dyeing the ponies tails
purple and red. It takes forever to clean up!

an Pugh, daughter of Gwilym the Seneschal

culture.

Just a few miles south of Betws-y-coed is the tiny village of
Penmachno, rightin the heart of th
road to Penmachno has sharp turns and stunning overlooks into
the valley below. Gwilym Pugh has his home and pony trekking
club just outside the village on about 70 acres of land. The house
and bam are stone, built around the tur of the century, but they
have all the modern amenities. About 15 well-trained ponies of
varying sizes live in the stable; most are for trail riding, but a few are
trained for dressage and hunting. Gwilym's youngest daughter,
Susan, is till in school and often helps her father with the animals
and rentals. Riders can rent ponies hourly or for overnight trips up
into the mountains.

nowdonian Mountains. The

Susan knows about her father's fae nature and is sad that she
seems to be completely "normal." She would do anything to be
"special," not realizing her father takes tremendous pride in her just
the way she is.

Caernarfon

When things get boring at home, it's easy to cross the strait and
find a good time in Caernarfon. Beware of storms, though; the
‘waters can get dangerous.

—Sian Rowlands, Rheibes ferch Llandona

Within sightof Anglesey, the coastal town of Caemarfon has
long dominated the northwest comer of Wales. In Roman times,
it contained the fortress of Segontium; in medieval times, it served
as an administrative center for Edward I and his successors.

Isle of che COighcty

Caernarfon sits in a strategic position on the banks of the Menai
Strait, where waters pour into Caernarfon Bay. The town also has
alongindustrial history in slate mining; slate from near Caernarfon
once had repute worldwide. The Inigo Jones Mine just outside the
city still remains open for display and sales to visitors.

Caernarfon Cascle

The best part of my trip to Cymru was Caernarfon Castle.
Something about the history and majesty of the place moved me
tremendously

— Sit Durojaiye Imambe, Seeliesidhe

This impressive castle, built in 1238, dominates Caernarfon
proper. Throughout the Middle Ages, it functioned as the seat of
English government in Wales, and still remains the traditional
coronation site of the Prince of Wales. Over 500 million viewers
watched the grand pageantry in July 1969 2s the current prince of
Wales officially received his estate. Red sandstone, a deliberate
imitation of the walls of Constantinople, joins with the rising cliffs
to form the castle's base. Some sidhe and nobles view Caernarfon
esasiveofpilgrimage, believing the dates ofthe prince's coronation
and the Resurgence to be no coincidence.

Carreg-y-Guilch

Carreg-y-Gwilch? Nope, never heard of it

—Derwyn ap Allyn, Seelie pooka

Whether pooka joke or sary legend, a numberof "magic"
goats supposedly live in these caves in the South Snowdonian
range. They ure mortals into the darkness with promises of gold
In the morning after a night of drunken debauchery, the unfortu-
nate victims are butted out penniless. Of course, no evidence
supports these wild tales.

[a en oe
~ ANoze to CDargaux
From Ocrwyn

Sdon' think you'iifind this, since Pm sticking it
inyour lavender scented silk nightie, rightunderneath
Use whips and bandeuffs, Tijust want lo let you know F
think you're thenicesteshu Pueever met, and Pd trust
youaith ny lfe. think you really care aboud Nestor
and have his best interests al heart. T know whal your
£ game is, and you better believe thal if you don't goof up,
we won't be waiting lo gel you. Please, please, justcome

TR

Cum)Puica

If Derwyn hadn't trotted off in such a huff, I'd let him tell you
about Cwm Pwea, the Pooka Valley, somewhere in the Vale of

Conwy. I've never been there, and I'm not sure I want to go, either.
But for pooka, I guess it's a real paradise.
Nestor Evans, Seelie satyr

The pooka of Wales have formed a loose alliance and have a
hidden meeting place in the forests of south Gwynedd; they use the
term Cwm Pwea to refer both to their motley and their hideaway
Any pooka in Cymru, visitor or native, is an honorary member,
though some are more active than others. The pooka particularly
enjoy all the tourists who come to the Conwy Vale; these hapless
victims provide an endless series of targets for jokes. Some pooka
go to such extremes as making up fancy full-color brochures
advertising hiking trails ro lure off the unsuspecting into sheep
pastures during breeding season and soon. Most of these pranks are
pretty amusing, but a few turn sour. Children have become lost
after dark due toa few Unseelie antics, and no one finds such tricks
entertaining in the end.

Cadair Idris
Spend the night on Cadair Idris? No, thank you! I have no
desire to be a poet, much less become madder than I already am,
Ashlon Rowansong, Rheibes ferch Llandona
‘fs reckeccwered hil tees above the panurer of aii
Gwynedd. An old legend shipess thacanyonewho seepe fora

nightin the mists of this craggy mountain will awake at dawn either
a poet or a madman. Scholars among both the Kithain and the
Rheibau ferch Llandona suspect Cadair Idris may be haunted

Bryn Celyn

I heard about this place from a mortal, actually. He was a
young guy, maybe late teens, and came in here one night with a call
tale about getting lost in a holly grove and being scratched up by all
the sharp leaves. Mali his wey out, he an ho ht beautf dame
who's all green. After a few drinks, the young fellow got more
salhatie, andl ress Isis my guess, I think cis ily female night
Five add her vey sich Hi Hl dln' seem th worse for ear, bi
jase she samell pur bi up for dhe might Nexcmamning, hexemens
bered nothing of his rollin the holly

Nestor Evans, Seelie sarge

Bryn Celyn means"hill ofholly"in Welsh, and that's exactly
how this eyre appears to mortal efes. Bryn Celyn lies few miles
cast of Festiniog, well of the beaten path. The hidden holly grove
ig home: a:reclusive phille dhu named Celynitma fihys, In her
mortal seeming, the ghille dhu runs an independent farm closeby,
but she generally prefers her solitude. However, when someone
stumbles into her grove, she usually enchants and seduces them,
purely for her own amusement. The grove itself bursts with
rnaguificet bec holly aes; bat ochervie neural in
spppearanice: Celysc's farm f'aleo plat end simples keeps a
few goats, sheepand hens, and is largely self-sufficient with asteady
supply of milk and eggs, and vegetables from the garden

Chapcer Caighc: Cymru, Lana of Song and Companions


-aumany ayp jo adoy axp pur siaquuaus Ayrurey au09jM se sou
am asayp prea euopuey] Ypiay neqioyy ayp se Suoye warp Sug
shemye Apeau UaEppty> aaey OYM siaquiaU! UaAod asoy|], "2AuP
sino aj v UY [Jaap Ajpe19UaH slaquiayy "WOoguN 194 poojq
Arayp Jo suonwiauad 10) aatye shea qUa!oUE Jo auMyyNd v Surdao¥
‘AnueyD Aaeupasayy v aq 02 saajasutayp Japrsuos udAcd ay
jo staquiayy "ised sounqua9 ut pauinooo sey at se aeTEW YBNoNp
aaa ‘euopuey] Yau9} NeqlotY ayp YIN saoueNe SuPyeU jo sadoy
UL euOpuET] 01 atuoD sadeUs UORIpeL | asayp jo awiog -aFeunTpd
uo smsHOYD [eIIsA]AD [eUOISDI0 ayp Jo AseISIg Jo SISHIND ‘saSeur
anauay] 02 soy sAejd af aUN o2 AMIN Wo YSNoYp ‘siaquiaU jo
{auofeut asea atp asuduios euopuey] yruay neqiayy EUR, aL
"Aao1sIy JuA!OUE O2 ¥>eq tds UAAGD BUOPUEYT Jo S100 AYP ‘S>TE A
waypuou Woy

aqsOayp1 Jo ANUWYD) pactueBIO Aj S00] Y

UIAOD) DUOPUD]]

smonpop 24,1 fo aausaqq ap xmvSivyy
‘"unawooaoud ajasiowap Sunaoy 40x
uuias | ‘0g
"€ps ious | ‘suonmuanu ana Cut passa' ays say19y,A\ "1qnop 10% Op |
‘4amod fo urwom v som Kpp] sty 1Wy,], ‘sTUsWUO? 42y fo asuas ayDUL
0 Buc. ‘sjauumbs Sunarsad maf v of rdaoxo 2Iqv ay w BuO ws |
‘qywoan | Buys wxau oy J, ffo afay ays axaym st ‘poy Cue aoYp puy
a Mof arof ay yn
s9n ajqosawon ano Suryurqas asoddo 10U pynom am wyp suonnpas nok
01 piom avaq un2 nok sdvysag,, ‘pivs pun poay 9y por 2yS ,,"Ury
1UPISIp ANOK a4 YM am wo4s undp ‘12492s UU JJaMp 19 pup paUaM2
anny 01 waas of nok fo awos moy st ‘ySnoy? ‘pumrsiapun r0U
Op am KuarsCut auc) "sn 14n09 01 11245 puv Suypunrs urm29 fo aq rsnut
ap wapou siya uy U2
128 s4a1ySnvp ano ‘sak puyy "s1o1soauD ano fo souoy wi 2Joquiy pu
unpywrg ‘posouysn] ‘aumijag fo sCopyoy pjo ay aroigaya02\ "1s04f
pun away ‘yap pun yruig ‘sSuuuiaq puv sSupus Sung soSuvyo
ay) {sn sof aun poroads v sumuas suosvas fo Summum ay "siayi0
Je pun asuaarun siya w SunpCaana sioauuos wip afi fo poaxyn ay pup
"puopuny' fo pooyg uatoun ay fo jomauas ano ‘s1900] pup uarppy> pun
sawoy sno ‘suapiv8 ano wi apud 24m 2,A\ "pyuom ay fo suund Kuru
uw stom stays 2on2v4d siupuaasap s,puopuny] Kvsaxup | 19K ‘s2]0/)
wayziou wt sn fo sou ‘Cpddoy pun «duns aay am ‘Cvpo.L,,
(SPUN WuapoUL UL Way YynM saapasino Ko
A\ ayy fo uawom puv
aw ay paqqnp stosanbuod upwoy ay2 fo 1s0] 2y,], "sowoxy) fo siz9g
40 inayy asnop fo suog warn pad am ing "Ksviszq fo sisN/ND
40 sNAWLAL] SD SWHL yons Sunpr ,‘saSvuL, wa ay safoud saBouL
says ‘Copo J, "sn pauisns pun pamauas ys 4oysu ayr awD22g WaUL
ppnow fo pooyg ay. "souowau sno wou papof 210 stay) fo yn pur
‘sn 01 aun 4a8uo] ou avf ay) ‘awn v sary "suonDisUad KUDU s2rfo
ana ‘uos » y24ig pooyg s,puopuny] fo 2uO pip Kaxv4 ng "uo os puv
Uo Os pun ‘asimay pip sianySnvp Ay puy "IUDAT ayp pup augue
upwoy Sop] 242 ‘241g wo4s so¥pu ana pup pom sayi0 ay2 fo avf
maf v sv jam sv ‘KaySiyy ayp fo aps] ayn wouf yO°/py yp fo wou yum
pappam poapur vppaun) puv vuopuny fo saarySnvp x1s 2y.1,,
auim say fo 1y3nvip
Buoy v 400 ayg ,,"sa]1 a4out nok oad yvys | Uay_p,, *p4a8ve pappou
[ qipbayuapiow spuopury] yoo uvyi<> do vppaunc aus sn

suouns sarut stays mogn ksooy> wruias

01 as0yo am ‘passaud way pun , ‘Puaqua),

por Kut 07 490q Ing "os pIp | Kym sapuoM pun [JoA9s oy?
Sunuumas rasias | ‘a9adsoaia wy "aun aya a pautaas 210s 40 "wp840q
DS wun8ing » "7p 4ayfy j2Y mogn Kom sorsayy 197] "TUAPS [af Maya
"asanoad 01 pans | , "piv nok Suras3 sof aoud Kut st snp sunag 401s9NN
[Ly '2U01 3fos Dw pros ays ‘snp Sumunaas sof nok yuy 1,
esanak Cuput os paysnua]qun
pun ysauf ures n pros asja moy ‘aqnop ow aavy | jooow som IUAUE
-yound ay wy. "sSuspwag ayn pauado ays sv mawy>4nd pjo fo 129s
ay Suuoans ‘sao say Sursop> ‘puasanas 11 yoo ays "vg sapmnoys
Sut fo mo agna yo19s ayn paynd | prs ays ,qnfpaau si wym nok
2 [pm | ways ‘qjou9s ayp au aa asa, "puny say mmo play ayg
IDS | ,,"1]0495 s,Sopoyy youaf Kunyprag wi passoxppoun afaj suonsanb
4amsun pynos nok aut pjor ap "wou anok aut anvd "ymnos ayr Wt
sany oym ‘supag 40152N,, "daa 4omb v yvads onSuor Cut yof |
_«2U wodn 1109 01 awo9 NOK prp MoH] °s4noK saop 21 sv asnf suIaA Ano
unyiim smoyf anf ay fo pooyg ayi my mouy nok ‘nuopury fo3unpcuo
mouy not ff ‘uonsanb snok samsup on ayavo] 10u ww | nq,‘
pros ays ,"umuom auanf ‘waes nok wym r0U atv NOK 29S J,
Suuamsup
210 faq Kypnfaiv2 suonsanb Ku parapuod Suosurmoy "paysv | ym
Sponxa s vip ‘soununsvayd paSunyaxa poy am s2xfv og "mou pun a1ay
24) W Uo Sw som wy mowy 01 paruDM | Ing ‘UOpUNTT fo KxoIsTY
ay mogn Sunpawos paumdxa au aav3 s0rsayy 3x91 ay | "42y punoww
Sunanvyo warop v u9ag aavy asnut axays !sdv49s 40f 3uSBaq spaumbs
Kumut os uaas 4anau an, "suum pun asaayo ‘poaig Kuo av ays parnou
[ "ary 340p Buo} 49y tu squay fo yrvaim v Sunvam ‘sriaUUDS Cavs
"una wu passaap ‘UDpy 429914) 9Y.], Wo4f 1y8m.AUs LIIEvYD v 94H)
payoo] Suosupmoy "araud wi pasiaauos pun apismo ws am a.aym
‘nd vw aut rau Suosunmoy uopysy ‘umuom sry, "dn say Suvs puo
Cop 2xau ayy yuou uma ayn yoo kpaduoud | og "Yom, v Swag 47y
ogy Suryrawos payquenut ay ‘491y] 401s9jN 01 Sp pauonuaue K]ponsv9
] waym pun ‘u0Suvg w urwom v fo saqunu auoyd pu auou yt
som 190g ay? Wo paiouag "aansva]d Suupvos sno sof kdoo v paysono
anny | ‘kasjSwy avau waa09 fo u0s v ‘Puopuny] youaf nogiayy ay
imogn 11g v s1]213] "2opoyy Yy>4af Curypag uo fo uad ay wo4f 049s pjo
up aut aav8 ay ‘anSuor s,4Gavs ayn pay2janbs snow) aofag
s]2an8 sty wi Uaas sy ay mow, | sainsva.a ayn fo Sunpawos
poaaan jm s01sayy ‘4210] 40 42U00s anatjag | 40f ‘20 avaf mg "paisima
-anuoi pun pdms ‘vod asow ayy] S120 pun ana K]pfpvadp Os s,2F4
"423un fo 2rf awos wa sdnovar asoyp [po payspius ay 1y3nowp [ py "mou
quv2yo auads ayn saquiawas | jucauag wy wang -pafkq fo wSq
20uLLg pun svag ay fo pur] ays fo uorssnosip v onw payounn) ay ‘2xou
21 pun ssajaan pawaas anSuor s,16avs ayn ‘amu auo 41 yum op or
Sunprawos poy ukmuaq] xof payorain wyn 1gnop 10% op | pun ‘saout
Jo r2algns ay uo ryBn sayowy sty pauanng 40189 1908 plo wy.
oq puv poo8 yiog smau aay | ‘aay ssauisng ku sv avf sy
vipsosU07 fo wopSury ays wi jam st jv adoy | ‘aan aumb azam Kayp
‘simu papiog «j2n0] pun sayavad ysauf ayp 4of yanut os nok UPy,
"iBay p4o7] ws94vac KW
201saq] ap Xnvsunyy fo sanissiyy ay) WA,

DUOpUD|

sjostay 01 syn aoym daay 0 paurout soWNoUIOs st ays YSNoUTE
"Auyjiqe autos Jo sa98 & st eIpUsac ‘pred Apodosd Jf -ssonsiu
aaisnja si pue UXpaD UAIg Jo MOU, UIEYpHY ay AIA Vy


In the culture of Wales, the beliefs of the rural populace
have great power. Welsh folk magic covers a wide breadth of
abilities, including conjuring, charming, summoning and divi-
nation.

Willworkers in this land rely heavily on these supersti-
tions and convictions to avoid Paradox. To put it simply, as
long as True Magick imitates the rustic beliefs of "folk magic,"
itis coincidental. —

The Rheibau ferch Llandona hold some respect for the
Sleeper"witches" who live in scattered pockets across Wales, even
though these folk are rarely Awakened or even practitioners of
hedge magic. Periodically, a member of Llandona Ci
one of the witches, many of whom refer to themselves as Dynion

en will visit

Hysbys, properly translated as "wizards." The Rheibau ferch
Llandona will then use True Magick to alter one of the witches'
potions or "spells" so that it may have a "real" effect. This assures
that the local population accepts small degrees of the supernatural
as within the realms of possibility.

The outskirts of Niwbwrch, a small village on Anglesey's
coast, house the Coven's grove and entrance to their Horizon
Realm. Amrys Gwent, aCoven member, owns the grove and a few
small cottages nearby; she uses these as lodging places for Rheibau
ferch Llandona in need, or visiting allied willworkers. The grove
itself is on a small rise above the waters of Caernarfon Bay and the
Menai Strait between Gwynedd and Anglesey. While small trees
grow on the slopes of the seashore, they do not extend up into the
grove; instead, thrift, sea champion, bird's foot trefoil and kidney
vetch, flower over the rough ridges of the Coven's most sacred
meadow. A rare variety of crows called choughs sometimes call out
as they fly overhead looking for purchase on the cliffsides, along
with more common guillemots, kittiwakes and peregrine falcons.

The Horizon Realm's entrance is through a hidden door in
the cottage closest to the grove, where many of the Coven
members also store their cauldrons and magickal implements.
Amarys or her children or apprentices always remain nearby. The
realm itself appears much like the grove in static reality, complete
with calls of birds and scents of flowers. However, a single perfect
rowan tree, their world tree, rises from the grove's center, its ever-
blooming silver leaves bear Quintessence within their veins. The
sky always remains dark yet full of bright stars and a full moon; the

Realm does not extend beyond a slight downward slope from the

edges of the grove.

TheDameipalicy of Oyfed,
Land of Seasand Shores

Cymru's most famous breed of canine, the corgi, hails from
Dyfed. They're sturdy little dogs who love herding more than
anything. ..sheep, cows, goats, kids, you name it, they'Ilherd it. The

Pembrokeshire variety has no tail and is a younger breed than the
Cardigan Welsh corgi. Damn cute little things, Prince Dylan has a
passle of them running all over his freehold. One of them tried to herd
me last time I visited. We had some words, that dog and I, but finally
came to an understanding a few biscuits later. I've heard stories that
local redcaps like to use them in punting contests, though.

tor Evans, Seelie satyr

Dyfed, Land of Seas and Shores, displays the most varied
countryside of any principality in Cymru; what's more, it's the
largest. The Pembrokeshire National Park isa site not to miss; this
is the only coastal national park in all of Britain, with miles of
untouched sandy beaches. Only a few major cities stand in Dyfed:
Aberystwyth in north Dyfed, Hwlffordd in the west, Swansea in
the south and Caerfyrddin with its deep blue bay in the southeast
Aside from the coast, Dyfed's other treasures are its twin rivers, the
Taf and Tywi. And in addition to all these amenities are rich
farmlands, coastal plains and wildlife preserves.

While Cardigan Bay and the Bristol Channel mark Dyfed's
western and southern borders respectively, the River Dyfi separates
the Land of Seas and Shores from Gwynedd in the north. The
Cambrian Mountains divide the principality from Powys in the
northeast and Glamorgan in the southeast. Some fear these peaks
are not enough to keep out the Dauntain of Glamorgan forever; it's
likely only a matter of time before Morgenstern starts stalking the
Pembrokeshire coast for his next Banal scheme.

Unlike every other principality in Cymru, Dyfed has no
cantrevs, but it does have a single ruler, Prince Dylan ap Morgan.
While most people respect Prince Dylan, many also see himas limp
and indecisive, especially in his reluctance to take the throne of
high king of Cymru. What no one knows is that the ghille dhu
Celyndra Rhys of Bryn Celyn warned Dylan that all Cymru would
fall should he seek the kingship. He has long carried this secret and
still struggles with himself over the truth of her prophecy.

Swansea

My favorite part of the year has to be the Victorian Festival in
Mumbles, just west of Swansea. A night of raw oysters, then téte-
a-tétes all day. How I wish it could be June every month!

— Countess Angharad, Unseelie sidhe

Home to the famous poet Dylan Thomas and known as the
City of Literature, Swansea serves as a major center for theatre,
music and a thriving maritime industry in south Wales. The city
lies on the coast along the Bristol Channel, just west of the River
Loughor. The Maritime Quarter is a showplace for Wales' naval
history, modern yachts and water sports; it's also full of excellent
seafood restaurants and first-class shopping.

Swansea is the major city of the Gower Peninsula, a region
loaded with old stone cairns, forests and miles of pristine coasts.
Clyne Gardens is also a spot of beauty, particularly in May, when
flowers are in full bloom. Close to Swansea is the village of
Mumbles, which hasa well-attended Victorian Festival each June.
Countess Angharad of Clwyd and her entourage always attend as
the honored guests of Prince Dylan.


aypls aypaag ‘uejAq] aout —
-aan1d ays fo ax
pool yons 400 29u0 oym s19490U ay2 fo Busaysim mops 2y2 yum Suspof
ANOWY]D si ‘ISM ONY Buys onosd wy Mogn yun 1 PDS SI]
pphiny] uma]
yeos sau UF ison aup UO! |]1M sas1oyeas
pue ysy ouauryp ‘sounowos ‘ur Aejd or ySnoua afrey ‘ypeq
apres snonaduins e sey Wood san ArdAq "UO 9UT]IAI 0} SIONSIA JO}
sna yos pue suorysno paynas jo Aquajd ano SurAey pearsur ‘ungyuTy
Uo pre0gi9Ao of 3, usaop aounad au] "panautun yoeordde auoawos
Pinoys jeanbs poyouid-ysty e yo Surat ‘sjood soopino pur sooput
Xp punose sane ospe storsqo] IUOWTYD !uOIPAAMD asNOF] WI}
s1ysiuy jo aed v Aq sawn ype Ie paprend ‘uaaros payaamial w puryjaq
‘woo1 Surutp ayp ur aejdaay |peuts e ut sung sadoad aryayeq ay,
1yS1] SurueA Jo Fuyxem ayp YALA arow pur ytys ospe sMoputa ssvps
paureasay | -9jt] eas josBurarea ayeuro yt pa19a09 ‘apt epi adda
SadBINs pom ays "ULELPIY] ay O | 'suaaIs pur sonjq Ut Appsour ‘Sse
poureas pue swag pasodxa ‘s1o0y poom ay31] ‘sBuy!a9 paynea
supequo> 20D9p aya twopoUr AjBuystadins s} apisuy ‘aBen09 apiseas
poysearorya ‘afize] w oy] SYOo] anUad ayp ‘opising "uopred OY
aypomutaysue
paipuny aay v asnf suis anuad ayy, "vas oup soy uorssed siy SiID9ya1
atuoy sty pue ‘uononposdas Ysy Ut BurzteIdads &

ay WOY sMOY I9]UF [JoUUS B PUR ‘O10Ys a4 yo 994

jojorg autre

s} Suruu9as jexzow sty Ut aoutud ay J *(xoURUL) aamuad s,ure]Ac] aug
‘neppoyd seul] sus peapy Souter) Jo UNOD JEWS aU 9pIsINE)
adaes a1jaag ‘sueag 10189 —

"g]OYm v sv surpffo s naw ut

anno axout apy v 9yD1 pun quay sso] 2q 01 way avuNoIUa aqKvUL

pun: -ddvy way ayou pyro oy auo amf awos puf pynoo ‘4ayne

poo » Suraq 1 as9q sty sou Koa oym ‘uyjKc] aoug Ysin | *<pry

aurf fo yonor ay si ‘yBnoys ‘Sunjan] s,wYA\ *CpoCoa ayy WSU

Woy) MoyrIN a.ays U9—aq AADL aa,] "poUA-]aM KCuMUp.ov.Axa
ny 1nq ‘220d sy Ww ffms jos v spy 2DUNG >y,L

NvpprZV svulQ,

"s1atWOISNd sty 10} SINOY

yy

ppo daay on Suyypim st pue snve Aroas-paryp ay UF saat sAupy "stant
a]qenyea zoyase9 Aepdsip sseps e puesaajaysBut]!99-01-100]] Jo S100
om sey azois ayp ‘paziueiio puw ueajp Ajsnoyndnusg "saaey pur
safew Sunpear Surat] yan spuey uayeys sey ay yeep Surzryeos
JOU ‘SayeA\ UE spuaia] jeorfew Uo aumNjoa AupSuay v SunUA
Apuaung st sktpy sontAnse y199s aYOW siy Jo BurpoU MoUy
Aayp se ‘Saye Ut 98) 40 saBeur axp jo SuRpiou sMouy ap ‘puE|suy
UL uINURDTY ay YpIA\ UORIAUUOD k st PNY, SHY JO Meg "TWAI>
Auv oy wot zejnorued w ore29] 02 payfey s9AIU sey sAuy :9]quD
-saduut st uoreandas st} 3aANY IAM | ay UO BasuEAg Jo IsaAMyIOU
‘uoypreuUeD jenuad UI a101sYo0q payDo1s A]]NJ Ng [JeUIS v ‘aBeg

poystuyug ayp ae sadoaydoys pue soumo ayp stave] shy

uoeayy Jo sa8urquepy ‘sueag sAWIOYY 11g —
juopuoy] swvaq

uana 2on]d snp os asnut | ‘yoo aune v fo poate wi 4002 94,nok ff

a6c{poysiutfupy 24 |

swayp or suaddey,
[nyawe Alwar TuyPautos axojaq ouNN Jo onEUe AJUO Ayquqord s.a1 Ing
‘gunaeu [Noy sty aadsns 3,usaop Apruey sty ey sny_L "ysed jo sdeay,
ur Suyyjnd pue aaiq parurer sty no Supp sdaay Aypeys sypyep\,
‘gy WuLAUL fodUaB|NpULIAAO Jo Se of o1 sIaAosuLY stayp dn yey
SWADIA OY ‘SINOY Z] AeA] IB JO} ssajasn AypeI0) UosIad ke saAva|
pur yo seam a1 AUN ‘UOYdNa pue aanoippe Ajrerapour ypoq
si YA ase parutea v asn sjazioud pue sMouq awOY st] *(UOIsrT
Year pur WIAA, YB Jo Yoog as) WIK,\ aA Jo BALE] WOWOY v
Sor daiag JaAay-AMO] B 398) UT St AYDTE A "Bustadans 3,ust sty
‘a1OUL JOY eq aUHOD skeMJE sIaWOASND pur ‘paotad Ajqeuosear Pue
snorauas are suonog "Suruea}d pur SuULJoo ayp Jo sow op UDG
pu asyq stonyainep pur euny ayia stp] ‘Saye Ut sjaziard yossaq ay
puke sataag aup yog ano suuNyp apy ‘aaejd ay SUMO IYO, JOyTEA\,
paweu eLeAeg Woy ULW Ziq Y "Uoseas JaWUUNs Asnq ay UF
S][Ya4 20} aae|NOI1D spreuUeEg ang ‘uaypaN] k se soaras weUp INY auOIS
pur apaem ajduns ay apisur sup puke pooy soup sapro siow0ysn>,
"Surue padins esapun oned ay -tuarue] axp [yy sajqea pe soysuag
uapoom Su] ‘uoUEsaIg JosseIg aU ‘qnd 9]Aas-UEWIDD assy] vse
[]94\se ‘aaquad spuepiaa pur |MOJp]!M BOI AWOY s} 1]]aUE]T "1]fUL]]
Jo UMO? ayp st ‘SaysTeUL IPs Jo vaue aftze] B pur spueg UEIPRyUEY]
ay Suuopioq ‘vasueng jo isamysoU sap aaj e asnf
Jon aypasupy ‘way-aug a1 —
ios py ‘doyom v aunb syavq "ffnas ay2 228 01 asnf spmanua pun
poojg fo sdvay ispnun suoisaoun Suny Cut {fo Sunysif som [21 an0qo
SWIPAAP POY Uana an, ] "2IQDYADULAL s} 249y) a] ay) InogD TunpoWOs
Svasuping fo apisino qnd mag sty 02 49q 08 01 Supa dary |

UDIWDBAIICG] YISSDA2G

trem Aayp aptyan Aofua 07 stautoysno s0y soypuoq
quia sped e s,azaqp ang "oyun! pue jjeurs st sjsu doys ay "Avg Buy
-aeds aup aystyysiy vasueMg peNUdD or so|quINYY Woy Ye HIE

5 ayy Suoye sapu ay ways ‘yauUtUNs pue Buuds au Ut poo'

asa st ssautsng "aaoy ut sajdno9 10} sayjiq wapuer sat DAs

sheaje pur sjaaya Sure ION apt 2 MOY SIAIsBUNOA aoYs

(01 2419 aye1 Aayp f9o1Az9s JatHOISNd 149] 99X9 Jo} UOHeANdad v aAeY
ose sioumo doys ay jsaajaswayp uuniar stped ayiq 40 sayseaq
AYA UO Yo] Pu UaTIOSIO} axe yy saxtq ‘SIRO ay Jo USUI
AueYpUD oy 02 anp ‘sxoULOYpANy ‘atedad Ioapiod UF aNaoEINULUE
poo8 jo ow soyiq oup [TY "sopes pur speruar UO soAUYD som
Ia PEG MON "SO66T Apea aup UT doys aq e a]INg pue ‘sajquinyy,
Jo YuoU pur vastrearg Jo soMYsNos ‘|]}q YL[g Jo oBey]LA Jews ay
UL papas Aay | -azaymasja sup Jo O8 v ayeU pur An o1 paproap
s19y20U Atay e ‘Sau pda] UArd]'] axp Jo BuIsop9 oyp ayy
S ‘UEMON |W —
-siSuoo

deopos ay

apy wunp asoyr fo awos 4900 unk 0} 2oUDYD aYp sv Jam sD Sasso]
pope Saunas ayp fo main puns' v 128 nok os ‘Isv09 ayp SuopD 2ys14 59038 1]

yin AIg] DasuDmg ays 9pLL puD j}}q YDIE{ Wi UMOp Wo4f ayiq D oUL
108 01 unyp 4oniaq Bunprou ay | ‘pou ,uuarsaf v wi We, Way A

Soul WIC Yorlg


souned
saa J9Y se UIYUD Yt ‘sea axdU aYP UT AUTAUIOS ZH 10 189194]
AW BYE jo quip ev adwane or sued ayg "sojdxa Surquny>
say ut adojaauia aup Surysnd skeaye ‘Aseas>q Jo]ND atp jo saquiaut
es! aulajapepy 2ped yeuoneu ayp ut syead dn Surpavesd 10 Jem ay
uo a4 4oyp ‘ozeds ues Aoyp ainurur {gaa ang ‘aoe]d ayp ung pur UMO
UIYUD Los 1ay puke sPoppeyy auraJapeyy ‘sanfersads paup-azaayy
apewiawoy pur syed ‘sfieq Surdaays ‘siuai sey osje 3] 49q INO FTE
Surqutpo v sey pue sead Surquayy> ut sazipersads auoas ayp ‘payx01s
]]a pur wapoyy »peg [euoNeN suodeag UODaIg jo aouENUA UTEU
ay eau JaNypNO Opin yINg A} Nau e st paUNTUP Suerdg

Spoppeyy UyUD —
iskmpyoy uo saSpug

ffo Surdunt nok ayo1 1,usaop wn snot 19g "wy sof dn sou ump

AKO WIRY Ing ‘UNIDISMU ZuUapuDM fo Pury aWOS s,pop KW

po2iuyup Buvadg

‘asaraag wunoyy Jo s1aquut]> pue sraz0|dxa anany op se ‘Ape
Suquren v se suosvag uosa1g atp asn sdoon aotaiag sty o1areNg
snug anya ayy *Aaypea J9ANy YSP] ay 49A0 JaMo|B Syed UEp-A
-Uaq 100} 9967 AY Aq paumord ‘sureUNOWy 4>"Ig B"p ‘pury syed
yp asuduioo ssawap|im pur spuepoour ‘s]]14 44490140 soytu arenbs
006 494Q ‘Spied jeuoNeU aautp ,sayeA\ Jo UO st suodRag UODIIg
dyp ‘IswoD auTYsoxouquiag ay pue eTUOPAoUS YIN SuopYy

OND} WY,O yPef—

jou sv inf sv aq Kpsva q, nok
Pun ‘yruow v sown aydnoo v wy og] "unf-«-wag dn squey auanbauf
s94gas Kut nok 121 p,] Zadvys ut daoy or aBvuru | op mop

SUOIDIq] Uod2aq]

‘JojauUTED jo aye2 ayn 40y UOHeNdsuy Ue
se paatas UaAd AaIULD aX Avs aUIOg "aUIOY PU asnoY Jo INO S¥jO}
area avy pjnom sjewrue ayp ‘sugges pur ers ay e Uy 1,Upey
saqqou ay jt yp yrynuayd os sem aureg Surpuar apy] papaou day
9]!9} pu YoU os azam spjay ay_p "nAWAD UI Uaas.19A9 pur] Jo saxde
parpuny r9p10d asour au popaeng aanueS [E> sayer AUEpY

aypls aypag ‘sueag s0Is9yQy —
‘aun sit a4ofag anf uonsmursap fo seauof ays on jaf 1 wy
Pojavnc) mogn pug Sunrcuv fo yunp 1,uv9 Koa 1

pupjmo7 280] ay2
‘pojapm5 adw2uv7)

1daoxa"

‘uatusyes9 pur sioumey Apisowr Sut9q 2x94 dal] Op
Oya asoup tpi sauo Aue so uone|ndod periow! asamo] aup sey AAI
-Jedioutad styp ‘spmoao 241] 3,Uop Oya asoup 10 Puy "ParfUdyDeyy
pue joodysjayy sapedeyy ‘umormayy apn]out sumo1 14x0 "sUOsaT
pue seds senoeiads aaey sj]aq\ popuupuey] pue ying ‘sumor
nay sey smog apy Ay "warag atp pue ad, au Jo sKayyea JA
oa atp pure suoseag uoDaig aup ‘s100Ur ‘Sysar0y sey Bare ay |

"Saye jh JO asipereg ap ,nAWAD skmpereg,, 31 payyes aydoag "seg
uvsipred jo siazem ayp aaoge surewias 11 jo wed Aun e Ayuo srw)

Ur Jlos snoadsoud asour pue asayou aya ‘popseag aan sem
SI]. "ppaudag Ut sup] ateper Jo Yanos asnf yACq J9ArY aU ssoue
bas ap 0} paypuaus 2p pur] jo JoFUy |Peuss v sea shmog Jo3saq ay
ing ‘pai pue UPBowE]H UAH ‘ayYoUNg Jo wopsury s puepsug
‘pAmjg ‘ppaudmp are stapiog astaxyao]9 sit srw Jo eay aya
suuio} Aayjediounad ayp ‘398y Uy -asea anp pue|Sug yaa zopi0g shMog
aplnse aes a4] $,eYO Jo IS0PY *PI}AC] Wo} 21 areTedds suTEAUNOY
ueLqueD ay] "yanos ay UT a4,y\ JBATY ay O2 YOU aX UT 9a¢]

sDATY AP Woy sayDiaNs shmog Jo puey ayp jo surewar IeYA\,

ages atjaag ‘stag 10189Nq —
2aninf ay3 spavmor soko moynim 1svd v 01 10 ‘380d
ay) woaf suonvpunof yam aanm{ v spavmor yoo] 01 wopsim ay avy
Sayp adoy oso mg "muwkD fo waanb 40 Suny ySty awo0s9q 01 yaSuaus
pun anup ay sjaof upwom 40 uu wos adoy | ‘2ans ‘yoax *aq or
pasn Kayg apy aimb a, way ayprs ays ‘uayioun 40f puy "pom s,Copor
U! anowy}) y8noua 10U pun GxyUPG yonuL 001 s,a4ayp ‘s4auuMs
40, "2qqissoduu Kpruarnd st Suny v yons pun ‘pooyf aya a4ofaq sav at
1WY 01 asipoand sip 2401824 01 2uOM S4ayI0 pun» WEIN "wa}goxd ay
5 ab\p Puy *2q 01 pasn 11 moy 10U Ing "sKmog pjngas jjim auoawios
‘Kop auo auns uJ mg ‘raydoud ou wi] Mon ‘vf ysja,A\ sn 01 som
smog ayn s roy ‘12/A\ °21q020]daxA1 S141 Moy osjD.Ing ‘21 painsvaLL
Nok moy saquiawias no& ‘121y) auLN Suo} v‘aqKvu puYy "NOK or UDALL
11 YM Kuap NOK ‘K4BUD 198 NOK ‘aaUT NOX ION ,i[]™ YO, ‘ks
pup Snaysasn{ nok og] (2uo mau Kng pun 11103 nok 4ana1aym 01 3904
08 asnf nok oq "pakoursap Kyianin ‘uayoug S108 Buna wy ‘Kyuappng
"24v9 sow ayn YIM poununu pun afi] 2]oYN ANOK 4of poy aa,nOK
Sunpawos ‘umo nok uorssassod panojaq rsout ayn auiimuy "spsom
ona and Kjanonbapo uno | aans 101 WJ "nawuKD fo wmyry sn 01250]
Yyonui os ‘uonow yanus os sruasaadas ‘11 forq2au09 aoyn aya ‘skmog

ut ani840f 01 aavy asnt NOK ‘yam ‘a1ay dn payoyo ig v228 | f]

atyuRRD OUppAMD o1 painquay —

jywvap Surpuarxa avf ay sawon ssaoxa safy

aysiu snp asau fo 200.d wouf aw sjaduy vas aya wouf Kuo y

spun ay anogo sasuv vas ay wouf Ko y

jySiu snp au suayomn vas ayn wouf Kuo y

sumnj{ua220f¥0 Jo pur)
‘sfimo{Jofaypdioury {ay |

Jay] waas
2,uso0p sitp ‘paatazar Surumur ssazd peg aya Suuapisuozy "uadoos
J]! aunw ayp Surdoy ‘uo Suey Aypasoddns siayoou atay & ysnoup
‘amon asoys ENUTA B ALOU st Pjoyaa4y ay, "yANos JayTY sanUDA
ayqeayord axowi 10} s9g6]-pru ay UL ppAany] UAKy'] pauopuege
siounU atp ‘A]peg "Ypres SIourW ax UO paauyp s1ay0U ayp TIAN
‘saBuep Woy way pazdaioad staysou ay qeUP paaarfaq staUTUE
24, x901s Suns jo uaUL poos aaa oY Jo IsoU SIOUTU yp YAIA
§jpanezadoo> Surat] ‘sourus ayp seau pjoysay v paunoy eare aya
ur siaypou ayp ‘wnuBaxarUy ay Sutp apy Jo Aa]NoyyIp ap asea oy
SO]e ph Ul SouTUU aSaysU aUp Jo auO pu AILANDe Jo aany E sem aoeId
yp Kumuao yng] atp uy ‘ppdaiy] wari} Jo onos3 pue aun pouias:
-mou dxf sal] skatog pur payig uaamiaq spiog ap ay


Jofew jo saquinu y "JauUEYZ Jorstug ayp out suado Waaag sary
dup jo yanow ayp araya ‘Iseo9 wayNOS Saye /X\ UO SUIS YIPAED)

yp pue pueyut ou
uuaamiaq aSessed moype S490] 204 1 "Aa! 94 Jo Yanosaxp Ut YseUDg
01 punoe yuou ayp ut peap epuexayy aang woy ueds jp1a
aSeueg ay At pure | siaaryayp wow auaunyuequia jerozauntt0>
sau & pur axe] a8ny e ayear |]! YD axAp e
yrpreg ayp o1u Suunod mou st Aauow pjo sitp jo yonyy "Ansnput
Surur [Loo SuppuLMp-mMou axp Woy saWOD yATEaM SypIPIED)

‘adeueg Avg

‘uonnjoaay feuAsNpUy

ay pue Amuas (Ey ay 2ous tpmoud a[eos-ofixe] poousuadxa

4}uo ypres ang dutod oiZarens e se Aar9 axp pasn yzog suEULION

pue suewoy ‘sooyyo yerorautuiod pue sjooyps ‘swnasnuu snozawnu

sploy saiua9 4419 ay] "yaquad jeLNsnpu! SuTAUP e oIUT UMOD
uiod [Jews & Woy UNO sey yIpIED "6¢6T AoUIS AID peudery
ypis aypaag ‘uejqq aug —

‘uaanb 10

Suny ana v amo 20s 01 way asnox pun Bay yay 1, yp fo spur puv
suuvay ay2 ans jim Cuoro1a ays ‘uayoras aq uno Ship fi sdvysag

dJipawy

qWAMD UT JAWAD AaNUeED

woy siauouOs jo Aapour ev pue uE[AG aruLg Jo spueYy ap
3H ‘adeas yp Yo parry Appinb
3} UO spuey sty 398 pjnod ay urEYpHY pue inoWE|D Aue Aomsap or
39q-|]9Y 166] punoue poreaddear ay ‘sog6 | ay Ut aouereaddesip
jouq 8 sayy "IYIOUR Jo Yom ay2 YBnonp pardnuior aurer9q
Jo Ajjeuonuarur os pip ay saypayar aunsun axe Bay yAwyd | ayL
aBequay uretpry sty UO y>Deq sty pauuM pue pasuey> moy>uos

1,UpIP OY UeZIOWIE|C Ut

ay ‘o1ay YOU e Ajsnoraadg "ssaUDArEp 1! |]9} WaIsUasIOPY PAOy]
"ual ‘sean Yse UreIUNOUE snoasi08 YsLM "Aneaq Jo a2ejd ev aDUO
sem ue1oULe[D ‘s9n19 ay pue suoMpuos Surumw ap a11dsaq
"sa8uo] Ou ang UAAH UTELA aq 01 pasn ‘ouEIs
"ut 10} ‘uodmayy ‘wayp puarxa or sun ApueIsuoD Aarjediound
ayp spuewuios rey ureTUNEG] ayp asnedag ‘a|qeasuN are ‘3]oyM
B se ‘slapiog s,uRBIOWEID "skmog |] de} ay2 sUODdVag UODAIg
ayp pur ameg asozog ayp ‘surewunoyy y>eIg ay axoqe SurpAue
ang ‘9]q!xay a1ow are siapiog wiaypOU ay_| "AJaansadsax s1apI0g
waisom pue WaYpNos su axe ay]]ay JANY atp pue PauUEYD Jorsig
Up apy GAME YIM sapIg waIsea sAarpediound ayp se saatas
NY ay "ppuddauog pue eppuoyy ‘Ayprydsser ‘uodwayy
ays Ing ‘yIpreD st UeHIOWTE|D UI Art93s98B1q a4 | ,ssouod,,
anid ‘ajdoad yim poxsed uref ‘aoujd pes eB sar MON "nNWAS,

Jon ayaasuy ‘way-2uG 2419 —
Kypouonvunt 40 Kyprdmas 21 op 01 10u 4vm fo skvm ayn 01 ySnour
asim | Ing ‘usu aUOIS SuaUAYD KasDU sty PuD WiaIsUasLOWY UMOP
2x1 01 UM | ‘saUOg pu yavaig Kut KE "UONLND fo vm vag 2yS1UL0f
adoy ppnos am rsaq ays ‘sutoffo fo aris 1uaxind ano uw rwys st yn ay
‘sab Ksvaun uv 01 umop pasotuuus aavy siomfuos ayp apy puv ‘539
Yyinor » st wiarsuadioyy peor] ‘10U.40 wanos ‘aypistu ou ayy
Aanquad yay] ‘YoURNe ysja7yy UMOUUA —
24nq st pom aya
"aouarf st puim ayp

fayBiCp 242 Jo 218]

"uayoug aap sypois ay
"pasayaim a4v spaes oy
‘aan fo yum ayi asofog ayn] ay2 fo paq ay) st plod

UDMOY Yov\q| Jo pu
‘upBuowns5 |

Aaypdiouric{ay |

-sBurtp uo aka ue daay 01 Avis

JP woruedwoo uourpes pedo] sty ‘Avay Or avy ay Pinoys ‘apers

ayp woy zy 001 skens JaAaU URYsNeA "BOYS ayp reaU smOTTEYS

yp UE yuNs y>03 pazaaod-ssow ey es! aDNossape|s ay] "IAUatp

Jo saaea apiuas ay 2900 Aq]nyares3 daams saan pjo jo soyoueag at

{EIU WIAs Ys Jo 107] "]]Hs pue daop suny ayes ayp 794A

DAIS JDALY BP Ul 2A0d JEWS B st adeId oY] ‘salve UEYsNEA
paweu nyp a[tys eB jo apeps raises ayp st wraaag us[D

adaes ayjaag ‘sua 10189j —
"awoy sty pun frasuary yoq fo

241 01 moy smouy ay Suypaaf v anvy | "yp ays ayp spars 02 10U 24

Prnom aorapo Cut ‘apops wappry snp puyf or uaddoy pmnoys nok f}

UADAIS UAH

"Aanwaq s9uus0} sat 03 a001d styp az0Xs94 Ay}seD PINOD
uuvstue po]]pjse ‘atedas puv Suruea|s awios yp jy ‘s9an pur syjayseas
‘squadias ‘suoSeup jo Suraze> Aaurep are awa ay yeaurapun
iq ‘suo aUA->tp s19.A09 phuL paup pur yo Udyog sey WHE UG,
‘Aaasjoydn yajaa Surpey pue aurey uapoom aup st surewoar wey
TLV ‘smal yen pappeds aou0 auomp atp "yse ureIUNOW jo yun
a[Suyse woy pases shmog ut unos ayp jo surewareYp [ye nAWAS,
josuaanb pur sury ysty atp jo eas uan0810j Suo] ayp ‘suoseIq] Jo
UO L yp st sty] "NIWAD Jo UTEypTY ay 01 YLION ssapaoud IM
sey pazoneg pjo Ue say] "Ysnowp ‘deo jo sdeay ays uryT/K,
(aSue wry ayeut
oup jt Atradoad ay yo auosuIos momtp o1 areUISDY 3,US90p 9Y Ng
"qnas sty 10} Aed 01 Aauow awios ayew 02 sey ay SuLMoUy ‘sx9WIOIsN
02 [IAD Aqjensn s,a}] ‘uoye uny 3a] Apogdtaaa UOOs se isnt Pjnom.
Pury ‘Suruaeanp pue jars punos seq sayp ‘ower Ajaanepar
aue saanqeaz9 asoy ySnoyp pur ‘sop pren se spunoygjom ASuew yo
aneiq e sdaay a} ‘preaseg pjo ueau est jaar asnesag ose.ang ‘puey
yp uo Aas e st predyunt ayp asnesaq asnf you ‘aouasard sty 1Uasar
ssoqysiau ayp jo sou Sroumo ayp st ‘sQ¢ sIy UL UeUI pe "
pany ‘sourey aimoid pur syooq Sumor ‘sapnog sseps ‘amaruTy
Jo savaid uayorq yan pozid ‘vare saysestp v st ureg ay "sy>UNq
uayoug pue Surpis unurumnye ‘suodem ‘sued 10g pjo ose are axa
Inq ‘sann]> Jo y]Nq ayp WHO} sayqowore PIC ‘ssaut a19]dwo9 v a
Jo fe ‘9zis ut aude ue ueYp sso st predyunl ay -ade]g S,|TEFED Paqe>
uzeg anbaue pur predyunt ASuna3 ev oy awoy st joodys|a\,
Aes jaury =
iss 4nof saifo axay wnyonc)
puas | a4ofaq pur} Kut {fo 128 01 puooas au mogn 103 aa,nox

sonjC{sjofoD


roads connect Cardiff to points in England and Scotland; London
is only a three hour drive. Cardiff also has an international airport
and many rail connections to cities throughout Britain.

The Welsh National Opera and Symphony, the National
Museum of Walesand the Welsh Industrial and Maritime Museum
are all feature sites of Cardiff. The city also has a large ice-skating
rink and numerous rugby fields, as the residents of the city are
particularly keen on sports.

Cardiff also has several period shops that feature Victorian
and Edwardian wares and costumes

Cardiff Cascle

Ah, what finer pleasure could there be than sipping a fine glass

}. of Tattinger and smelling the roses in the gardens while we survey the
future here in Cardiff?

Sir Mortimer Evans, Harbinger of Avalon

A melange of styles, this castle combines Roman walls with

a Norman keep and 19th

surround the structure, located downtown in the capital. Sir

Mortimer Evans, Cardiff's Harbinger of Avalon, often rents the

gardens for pri

ntury decor. Bute Gardens and a park

ite parties and business dinners.

Clancys Place

Those silly folk have no idea how stupid they lookin those pointy
boots and wide-brimmed hats. Let them act like idiots! See if I care

— Lloyd Morgenstern, Dauntain

Off Ninian Park Road, Clancy's Place is the epitome of a
kitschy urban cowboy bar (or at least what the Welsh owners think
a westem-style bar should be). It's one of the hottest places in
Cardiff, a special favorite of visiting Kindred. There are two
mechanical bulls, waitresses in tight fringed leather boleros and
shorts, chicken wings, baby back ribs and lots of cheap beer. Most
nights, the musicis live, second-string country and western singers,
but there's also karaoke for amateurs and a jukebox full of Hank
Williams and Garth Brooks when the singers are too bad. The
cover charge isa mere £6 for an evening's entertainment. The club
has several dance instructors who drag even the most reluctant
patrons onto the floor. There's plenty of room for line dancing as
well as eating and socializing.

Hatt of che Fisher King

I'mnot much of a party wench, but I've always had a good time
pretending to be a noble damsel while gnawing meat on a stick

— Sian Rowlands, Rheibes ferch Llandona

Hall of the Fisher King is an Arthurian reenactment banquet
hall located on Castle Street in central Cardiff. For a mere £30,
visitors can wear period garb and enjoy spit-roasted chickens, fresh
bread, steak on a stick and a variety of medieval entertainment.
The wooden tables are long, and the beeswax tapers send a merry
light onto the tapestry-hung walls. Each night, the doorkeeper
draws two ticket stubs to choose the evening's king and queen.
They get to sit at the head of the table and issue commands to the
staff and performers. While Lloyd Morgenstern has disdain for
Clancy's Place, he despises Hall of the Fisher King and would close

it in a moment if he could. However, the hall has a number of
wealthy backers that have thus far managed to steer clear of the
Dauntain's bids for takeover.

The Speccrum

Physical well-being isn't unimportant. Mental discipline is just
so much more important

— Toshiro Kusaka, New World Order

The Spectrum, a venture of the New World Order, is a
sprawling kiddie techno-museum. All the displays are hands-on
and interactive, demonstrating the "scientific" aspects of light,
sound and energy. Yet as the children progress through the
museum, the exhibits get more and more dull and technical. The
final exhibit is an IMAX subliminal theatre that preaches a
message of science's benefits to the children's subconscious. The
N.W.O. hopes that the thousands of kids who visit each year will
go home with a new imperative to dabble in the computer or
chemistry lab rather than wasting their time on the playground.

TheDrincipalicy of
Guuync,
che Borderland

How happy are the wild birds!

They can go where they will,

now to the sea, now to the mountain,

and come home without rebuke

— Unknown Welsh author, 17th century

Why do we call places like Gwynt and Gwynedd principalities,
even though they don't have ruling princes? I guess it's a tradition
we're loathe to shake. Take Britain as a whole, for example. Do you
think even if the government decided to ditch the royals it would
become the Republic of Great Britain? I doubt it. Just because you
don' thave a prince doesn't mean you can'tbe a principality; it's more
of a division of political convenience than anything else, you see

— Nestor Evans, Seelie satyr

Gwyntis the smallest of the principalities of Cymru, as much
aplace of rivers as a borderland. The River Severn flows through
the south, with the Usk in the southwest and the Monnow in the
northeast. No major cities occupy the principality, but towns
and Chepstow. The
countryside is rich and lush, and has easy access to waterways and
roads as well as England, France and the Channel Islands. The
Monmouthshire and Brecon Canal, for example, flow from just
east of Pontypool to Brecon in Powys. Along the Wye River,
Gwyntborders England's Kingdom of Smoke to the east, Glamorgan
to the south and Powys to the north and west.

include Abergavenny, Monmouth, Us!

The land in Gwynt is rich for farming and green as any in the
Isle of the Mighty; most of the rich soil comes from the rivers' silt.
Gwyntalso has several important historical sites, with the Roman
excavations at Caerleon and the Abbey at Tintern.

Chapzer Cighc: Cymru, Lana of Song and Companions


Cancrev Cymer

I really hate living here.
—Derwyn ap Allyn, Seelie pooka
Cymeristhe only cantrev in Gwynt, coveringmore or lessthe

entire southern portion of the principality. A few years ago, asmall
group of Kithain tried to start a freehold in the north of the
principality, near the River Monnow, but they disappeared with-
out a trace. Most people suspect Morgenstern or his henchmen
stopped them.

Most Tylwyth Teg in Cantrev Cymer look to the wise satyr
Nestor Evans for leadership. He has opened his small freehold to
any who swear loyalty to Cymru and enmity to the Dauntain.
Nestor is so open-hearted, it would be fatally easy for a foe to
infiltrate and destroy his cozy motley.

Tadle of che Tunn Rivers

This Table of the Twin Rivers is what I believe to be the finest
tavern, in all Cymru. Not that I'm bragging, of course.

— Nestor Evans, Seelie satyr

The Table of the Twin Rivers, in the town of Trellick, was
formerly the home of Nestor Evans' grandfather. When the old
man died, he bequeathed the place to his favorite grandson. Nestor
has kept much of the turn of the century feel to the place, with
white stucco walls, dark wood exposed beams and a thatched roof.
Nestorand his pooka friend Derwyn cut the six-foot bar from an old
rowan tree that blew down in a storm; they purchased most of the
mismatched tables and chairs from second-hand stores on market
days. To support Gwynt's artisans, Nestor purchased the exquisite
curtains and bedcovers from some local apprentice weavers. In
addition to the common room and kitchen, the tavern has three
bedrooms upstairs for rent. Nestor's own room is an old pantry on
the first floor that he's refurbished to suit his own exotic tastes. The
satyr is a fine cook and keeps a wide variety of international beers
and liquors in stock.

Toenchanted eyes, the tavern looks just the same, except for
the presence ofan ornately carved door undemeath the stairs tothe
second floor. Behind this door is a cozy sitting room and a warm
balefire. Most Kithain simply hang out with Nestor in the main bar,
using the sitting room only if there's private business to discuss.

Bron QDechlyn

Swingers check in, but they don't check out

— Lady Jane Bowden, barabbi

Bron Methlyn, an attractive Victorian bed and breakfast in
the Wye Valley, looks quite normal at first glance. It has five
pleasant bedrooms with four-posters, a dining room and a small
herb garden. Here, appearances are both deceiving and damning.

Lady Jane Bowden, a former Harbinger of Avalon turned
barabbi, is the new owner of Bron Methlyn. Using a pseudonym,
she advertises Bron Methlyn in singles magazinesasaplace tomake
new friends; in reality, it's a dominatrix' dream. The posts on the
beds conceal a myriad of barbed hooks and ties for bondage, and in
the basement is Lady Jane's dungeon of horrors. She has a variety

(Welsh Cuisine

No discussion of Cymru's culture would be complete
without delving into the culinary world. Welsh rarebit, a
sauce of cheese and beer on toast, and Welshcakes, fried
biscuits with spices and currants, are fares commonly known
outside Cymru's borders. What fewer people know about are
the many delicious varieties of cawl, a thick broth made from
meat, tubers, herbs and leeks; Glamorgan sausages,
breadcrumbs, cheese and seasonings, shaped and baked; or the
delicious game birds, beasts and fish that serve as main courses.
Arich honey-glazed cake called Bara Brith usually ends off the

meal or serves as a luscious snack at tea time.

of torture implements, including hot pincers, mind-altering drugs,
scalpels, a rack and numerous whips and flails. Lady Jane isaskilled
expert; she can keep a client in agony for days while she corrupts
his or her mind and body. Her cruelest trick is making her victims
beg not for release but for more torture, turning curious innocents
into slavering masochists. Her former allies in the Technocracy
and any Tradition mages would leap at the chance to end Lady
Jane's reign of terror.

The Vanishing Naga

If you ever want to really gross out your teacher, get some fake
blood from Mandala''s magic shop, squirt it all over your face and
pretend you ran through a plate glass door. Guaranteed hysteria
every time

— Bronwen Jones, Unseelie sluagh

Mandala Bhattachariya, a nocker wilder, is famous among
Kithain, hedge magicians and conjurers (stage magicians) for her
magicand illusional apparati. From her permanently parked tinker's
wagon and workshop, she makes all items herself and provides a
lifetime guarantee. Mandala's specialty is trick cabinets; these large
boxes make people disappear, change into tigers, orappearto be cut
in half, with a little help from the performer, of course. The
cabinets are extremely expensive, but they are works of art deco-
rated to specification. The nocker also sells books, videotapes and
white rabbits. Many ofhersmaller items, like rubberchickens, cups
and balls, floating cards and trick ropes, are more affordable. The
Vanishing Naga is located on the A404 highway near Cwmbran.

The Caerleon Linguiscics Academy
What is language but an extension of the Song we all carry
— Dakarai Morley, Celestial Chorus
Father Dakarai Morley is a Jamaican Celestial Chorister and
language expert. He came to Wales after a crisis of faith and
established an institute for the study of ancient languages and

religions just outside the historical city of Caerleon. The institute
is a condemned boarding school he and a few acolytes purchased
cheaply; now they use the school as a center of religious learning
and enlightenment. Their current projects include translating
great worksof world religions, such as the Apocryphaand the Koran,
into Welsh and certain obscure languages. Father Morley wants


the school to grow and would be willing to take on dedicated new

students; he is especially interested in newly Awakened pupils in

need of a mentor. He and five other teachers and translators
currently work with 14 students

Margaux smiled at me then, closing her book, sending a whiff
of Evening in Paris through the air. "Nestor, how could I have ever
doubted you? As usual, cheri, you have fulfilled my wildest dreams."
I felt her lips brush mine, her long fingers stalking across my neck and
shoulders and

The next thing I remembered was feeling near frozen. Moon-
light streamed through the open windows of my little cubbyhole
bedroom, the whistles of the breeze through the tiny spring leaves the

only sound. Sitting up, I moaned at the ache of my head. Damn, I
hadn't felt this bad since a trip to Crete a few years ago! And I was
alone....all alone. I glanced around, and sure enough, picked up a
trace of that bloody perfume. No friggin' note, nothing! Then I
slowly became aware of a bizarre sensation....and looked down,

Margaux had left allright, taking some of my best dirt with her
She'd also taken the scroll I'd given her, no doubt oblivious to the fact
it was an excellent copy. But at the same time, I couldn't be angry
I'm really just a fat, old good-natured bumblebee, heading from
flower to flower.

Besides, I thought, pleasurably untying the silky blue ribbon
that once graced her throat, she gave me first prize



But when the be

dattles between you and your adversaries are

over...in the end, the fate of all the world will depend on just those
people, and on how many of them are good or bad, stupid or wise

—John Rowlands in Susan Cooper's The Grey King

While no stereotype accurately describes all members of a
culture, the Welsh fall into a few general categories of appearance.
This is perhaps because of their common Celtic ancestry. Most are
naturally fair-skinned, have dark hair (reddish tones as well), and
blue, green or gray eyes.

The fae population far outnumbers the mages. Members of
both groups tend to congregate in the northern portions of V
Exceptions to this include the Technocracy who are gathered in
Cardiff and the Dauntain in Glamorgan. Other than with the
Rheibau ferch Llandona, many of whoare kinain, little interaction

takes place between mages and fae.

—

A new moon leads me to

woods of dreams and I follow

A new world waits for me

my dream, my way

Enya, "China Roses"

The Tylwyth Teg, the changelings of Wales, contains two
general groups. The first and largest group, led by Gwilym Pugh,
Nestor Evans and Prince Dylan, seeks a new high king or queen for
Cymru. Itbelieves the might ofasingle ruler could restore Glamorgan
and Powys, make peace in Clwyd and create an abundance of
Dreamers and Glamour. The group points to the success of Concordia

as an example. The second group, headed by Countess Angharad,
believes that matters are progressing quite normally in Cymru with-
outa high king or queen. A Dauntain might be in Glamorgan, but it
isn't a great enough threat to warrant political upheaval. A single
ruler, it believes, would compromise the freedom of the Tylwyth Teg

Discussion of such matters never takes place in a formal
setting. Groups of changelings usually banter about politics in a
relaxed mannerat the Llangollen eisteddfod. With few exceptions,
commoners and nobles get along well together, and freeholds are
generally open to all Tylwyth Teg and their vouchsafed guests
Despite differences in politics, the Welsh Kithain love their
country; if threatened, they would undoubtedly band together for
the good of Cymru and lay all other disputes aside

The Seehie Court

It is not the trappings that make the prince...nor, indeed, the
sword that makes the warrior.

— Prince Gwydion in Lloyd Alexander's The Book of Three

Duty, honor and a quest for be
Welsh changelings. Most follow the $
the old ways. Consequently, most of the kingmakers are Seelie fae.
The chief reason the Seelie want a high king or queen is because
they believe a strong lea

-y guide the actions of Seelie
elie code closely and respect

der could revive Cymru's past, allowing
future generations to enjoy its peace and tranquillity. They hesitate
to take any actions without thorough consideration

Chapzer Nine: Y Cymri, the People 171


ssassod
nod sjaigas sadaapayp urewan peseysury yim aoead 10} an1sop anos
pur ued] 10J a0] sno J ‘ss0] pue ured a10u1 01 jJasinod asodxa uetp
quadNaI PuE snoHas ZOU IIq v aq 01 JAG "UeAY INOA UT pan0q
wtp Surdaay Aq suorssed pue smouios nod ya pap Nod pue
‘satura ae NOA YL YoU oor st HOM ay]. :SIUT SurAepdajoy,
sanddey sy ayew
pinoo Aayp ystar sy aaras Ym asoy | "Aapedo] reais sardsut oya
ssannsttu WY Ing Pury vs! ays ‘sioUteIAL Jay ZuoUTY "OLIAYXA prey e
qpeauag uorssed 19y sapry A]4aig Joye pue [oor ‘saa 194 Jo 19010
JULIA ayp YreULAeEp Azjomal pur saxo] an|q steam aYS "AaneDq
apuoyg ‘oupy {per 8 st Apa ‘oe pure ULUINY Ylog sy :aBeUNT

"ajneq azojaq stoureras zy Suttdsut
ays 40 nepoypparsta ae UoUUAd ax sBueY Apa Ajfense) "uOR
-yjndiueyy Surajoaut syjor ype 01 [+ euoNIppe ue sured ays ‘ozaa1q
AYP UF sMo|q 21 JaAaUaY A "JoMod URDU OU Jo aunsvaN v st ‘Play
aNYA\ e asutese jansoy anjq e Buyeag ‘uouUad s,4}1a\9 ‘pioms was

pur sowne HawNYys anjq-aysiug 1ay on uOLNIppe Uy :saansvaa y,
9 saamodypt Ay,
7 hayeueg
L anowrys,
Z sounsead | ‘p apt ‘¢ siaurEIDY ‘¢ s92INOsSaY
‘7 SBUIpjo "| akeua1D ‘] siseIUOD ‘7 EIOUNYD :spunoaByoeg
¢ AMIN "p ay ‘p JOID sstUTVAY
[ a1eyde py ‘¢ UBlozaa0g "} Aesypoog ‘¢ eu ‘7 souoIYD :suy

€ aduaIDg "¢ SoITOg ‘7 N99 ‘7 aUOTYAAYY "] UID
Apoyy | soasinsury ‘| ave] ‘7 Aapjeaopy ‘7 seudtug soBpaymouy,
[ yppeag *{ aoueuopiag *7 aapayy "¢ diysiopeoy

*z Asuooyeg ‘¢ aNaNbng *] aAuC ‘7 SurouKG *¢ Vay [eUUTUY *S]pD4g
J a8npaigng "¢ Suruuay ‘] onBinuy ‘| uoRep

-wwnuy ‘7 uorssardxg ‘¢ Atpedwig *] aBpoq ‘7 ssoumoyy ssvuayey,
aW

G souevaddy "} uonendiueyy " euisuEYD sPeD0g

$ 1A) ‘¢ 2oud8iy]anU ‘¢ UONAdaon9,

Zeuruerg '7 Aayarxag ‘7 yBuang *yeo_sdyg

oUpIs "BI

replay Burusag

wer] :9snopy

Jo[Ppry/ionunog,

aiaag sunog

20] Sty 10} pred preg paaojaq sy aod ap

Suyjjeoos ‘sSuypa9y 194 Mos 02 sIeay nq "Ue|AC] AaULEY PaAo] BuO}

sey ays ‘astatay'] ManeNTUT axp aye 01 pnoxd pure wogqnas 001 18}

s] ays ang ‘pereysiury yan oovad aye 01 ay] PInom ALUN ‘BeOY

say, ut dag "autoipaur uerae uy Surzyetsads ‘ueyeutsa194 w ures
-oq pue Ausioarun popuane AjMg ‘Bunwaas jeuou sy Uy

2190807]

"nak sayru Suny YsIy e Aep aup [HUN prens or pAanjo Jo uorOd
sayear3 ay say aae3 apy "puey say paseas aoutad ap ‘Ajreun0y
perysury uoaoueasuaa say parsexaoaey ys Apsng "Ue

yeoung
jo UonuaaiaUur <JowN ayp 40} I0U J] "Woy SuIdaays spereysiuy
‘Woy aft] a4 2YOYD 02 IYZNos spueY Jay UAL puLy UeBog ay)
spereysuyy yaa aon v axeur or pasryar ays asnesag ‘x94 st SILL
"vipeany Jo sanys pue saan ay Suauow SuLaay e104 ‘aves ays ‘Saka
sy BuIs0}

Joy

ID "apI] UMO sty Yor "UaUIOM o4 By UDdAKiaq Bs00Y9 01
a]qeun ‘preg ayp aay *pAayf s9Ary axp Jo a1qqeq axp preay ays se

AayBiCL 242 Jo as]

Ne

sour AUOsE ayp 3]9y 4[4Ng "Yog WY YIN AO] UT []9y p4eg [EO
Uualyav anos pauin diysuoruedwos v ‘ppAudpy you} pereysuy ‘oypls
saypour yal diyspuary areuonoaye say payjesa1 ayg "wer asno}|
Jo Aug sear ays uy ‘apt ased 1OY Aves A|MLAID ALINE ‘SaAt] JULIO}
Hou zaquiouiar Ajarer Urey, YBN "ayome Ao ‘4[uappng
"apeiquua Si OUT ues puk sIPESAIYD axp Jo SIayo ayp [aaj or UEHAG

001 ays uoy stud Jo a8t94 aU UO paxyup peeYysU ‘souUCy WeDIC]
yp UIQ Ajarajduto> sJasiay aso] Apa ‘AMD axp ry "uoouLDye
Burds ouo pAmjg ay Aq yea Huo] e UO AYA Yoo ‘puaty
204 pape wy A9A03sIp o1 rdwane aesadsap v ut ‘perwysuyy "pyow
ay) woy Sumerpypir ‘aouay!s UE SuNeaNa Yjosiay Oo sw
asayp aday Apa ‘uayposueyy svau asepyeaiq pur pag [ny
uer oy puvjayy Woy sueAB UNF ‘siuated Su1Ao] pue pury soy Woy
pareuarye a]9y ays ‘aft eax z0y UT ‘sauOf pemeysury puary asaq 194
ny ays sumeaup Jay Uy ‘sureaup aavy or ueBaq ayg "101191 paxoaord
syjeshays aup Jo ayZnejsUO ay ]aUUOG,C AjME BuNo{ of,

spalg 942 {o Ayam ssa2un07,

pam)
fo farpdisuryc{ay |.

*Atessaoau J] aUOTE O8 07 SUNN
a4 ang ‘ayjaag Jato pue 1oIsayy Jo day ayp stuwa ay sore] MEE
JaU00s UTIOUTE]D UO AOU v suEAA WUNY-2UG dU] ‘ssny jeUUTUTLE
yaa ‘Apuaroyyo pur Appoinb auop aq pjnoys a ‘pa|q1 9q 03 spaou
wirsuaBiopy pao] J] WoRDe awos aye1 pur Surjaatus Nb o9 SUE}

Jeuontpen arp ruem ayjasup ay] "Tuasaid s,ruMAS Ut poo' saeyM

saysturumnp ised shavog Uo BuNyJaNKg] "AUN Jo aisem v st LIByEIsOU

wep AAayjaq, AWAD UT NOD ayfaasuA ay Jo sIoquiayy
uoupMn? yrIg >| Saapuexa|y PAoy] UI NPpIG —

pin2 2,uoav am ‘suapay Budwanya apay amok ssayq ‘Cy,A\

2ano~) SIJSISUP) ML

PCE,
peo


Hugh Cathoun

Bor toa large working class family in Chester, Hugh grew up
poorand desperate. His father, a Seelie boggan, tried to teach hisson
right and wrong, raising him to be honorable and prudent. Hugh
wanted none of that. He began cheating and stealing in his teens,
and finally ran away from home when he was 17. Hugh fell in with
some criminal gangs soon after. He became known for his extraor-
dinary skill at weaponsmithing. Soon, he was able to support himself
handsomely from sales and service without risking his life as a thief.

Hugh met Edie Davis and a few members of the Brotherhood
of Herne when they made a large purchase from his storehouse in
Liverpool. It didn't take him too long to figure out she was a
werewolf after a ribald insult, she nearly ripped one of her partner's

off. Her bestial nature thrilled Hugh, while she found shack-
ing up with a faerie gave her a modicum of respect from the Dryn
adrowd yn flaidd. They opened the Iron Stag within six months of
theirmeeting. Hugh isa little bored with Edie now, but he's secretly
afraid to end the relationship. Her claws are a threat, and he knows
he could never cultivate contacts as well as she can. For now, greed
and lust keep them together.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Rogue/Troubadour

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Nocker

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Intimidation 1,
Streetwise 3

Skills: Blacksmith 2, Brewing 1, Crafts 2, Firearms 3, Gun-
smithing 5, Jeweler 2, Mechanic 1, Survival 1

aw 1, Lore (Garou) 2, Politics 1, Science (Chem-

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Patron 2, Resources 3
Glamour: 4
Banality: 3
Willpower: 5

Image: Even though he is big and in both mortal and fae
seemings, Hugh is not much to look at. He's bald and has beady
dark eyes; asa fae, his ears are large and pointed and his skin a pasty
grayish white. Hugh usually w
thick-leather boots. He prefers to be bare-chested in his workshop.

rs heavy canvas work pants and

He'll don a T-shirt when drinking at the Iron Stag.

Roleplaying Hints: Profit and destruction are your meat and
drink. Having a girlfriend who tums into a giant hairy monster
bolsters your own self-image as a man of power and influence. Edie
is a meal ticket and warmth on a cold night, nothing more. The
only thing you take pride in is your work; it must be nigh-perfect,
or you're discontent; a botched job is unacceptable.

ThePrincipalicy
of Guynedd

Gunlym che Seneschal

Gwilym is only one in a long line of commoner seneschals
"holding down the fort" for the Kithain in Gwynedd until a high
king returns who can restore the lost realm of Powys and lead the
Tylwyth Teg as a united people into a new Spring. Many nobles
such as Dylan and Gwrly value Gwilym's opinions and wisdom.
Gwilym gained great respect and honor in the War of Ivy. In his
mortal seeming, Gwilym Pugh lives in the small village of
Penmachno. He is a widower with three daughters; the youngest,
Susan, lives at home and helps run his business. Very much a
people person, the old boggan especially loves animals and chil-


dren. As twilight settles around him, he feels the increasing weight
of finding a successor for his office. Gwilym still hopes, though, that
he will see a new high king of Cymru in his waning lifetime.

His one mortal worry is his daughter Susan. She seems to be
unhappy about not being Kithain. He loves her dearly; it couldn't
matter less to him that she's not fae.

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Regent/Fatalist
House: Gwydion (affiliation)
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Boggan
Motley: Cantrev of Snowdonia
Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Diplomacy
Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Kenning 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Climbing 1, Crafts 1, Etiquette 3, Leader-
ship 1, Melee 2, Performance 1, Ride 3, Security 1, Stealth 1,

Smpathy 3,

Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Heraldry 3, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Mythlore 3, Occult 1, Politics 2

Arts: Dream-Craft 2, Legerdemain 3, Primal 5, Soothsay 1,
Sovereign 1, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 5, Nature 3, Fae 2, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 3, Holdings 5, Resources 2,
Treasures 3

nour: 7

Willpower: 8
Treasures: Gwilym's only treasure is his staff of office, a
ed birch rod shod in silver. The staff can store up to ten points

of Glamour, making it indeed useful
Image: In both human and fae seemings, Gwilym isa small,

darkly tanned man with receding black hair and roughened hands.

He appears strong and wiry in human guise, but more plump and

stocky asa fae. The pleasant scents of leather-soap, hay and horses

cling to him; his clothes are likewise those of a farmer and
outdoorsman,
Roleplaying Hi

dent over everything else. Foremost in your mind is choosing a

Duty is paramount to yous it takes prece-

fair-minded, capable successor who can keep Gwynedd together
until a high king returns. Part of your duty also involves helping
otherKithainand makingeveryone feel welcome at MountSnowdon.

(Dc Gowan che Wanderer

Originally hailing from the Kingdom of Dalriada in Scotland,
McGowan had little in common with the destructive redcaps that
plagued his homeland's moors and highlands. A few redcaps aided
him as he awoke to his fae nature, but he never quite fell in with
them. Instead, he liked wandering, sometimes he caused trouble,
but more often he met people and got into some damn-good fights
whenever possible. Being a redcap, McGowan found travel easy;

Isle of che COighcy

he always had food on hand, and a rock was just as good to sack on

for the nightas any bed. In his mortal seeming, Alastair McGowan

occasionally took a construction job, being pretty handy with a

pick and hammer. Lately, McGowan found Mount Snowdon to be

a good base of operations, a central spot from which to explore

Cymru and other parts of the Isle of the Mighty
Alastairawoke to his fae nature in his hometown of Inverness

while hiking around Culloden. But today, he strangely refuses to

return to Scotland. Ulric and Gi

with one of the rulers, or worse, with the

Unseelie.

Court: Seelie

+ Wayfarer/Churl

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Redcap

Motley: Mount Snowdon

ilym suspect he may be in trouble
achan's Brood or other

Legaci

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: C 2

arisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Carousing 2, Dodge 2, Scrounge 2,
Streetwise 3

Skills: Climbing 3, Drive 1, Fast Talk 1,
Storytelling 3, Survival 2

Knowledge

nbling 2, Melee 2,

Medicine 1, Mythlore 2, Occult 1, Politics 2
Shicanery 1, Legerdemain 1, Pyretics 2, Wayfare 4
ure 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Gremayre 1, Resources 1, Treasures 4
Glamour: 5
Banality: 3
Willpower: 5

Treasures: McGowan has a stolen bronze tore that allows
him to get a general feel for other Kithain's legacies with a
successful Perception + Kenning roll.


Image: A little taller than the average redcap, McGowan
stands about five and a half feet, with muscles like taut cords. His
hair is long and flaming orange-red, tied into braids fastened with
barbed wire. Large freckled splotches dot his white skin, and his
eyes shine a dim red. As a mortal, McGowan looks much the
same...except for smaller teeth, blue eyes and darker skin. He
always wears rough-denim work clothes and heavy hobnailed

Roleplaying Hints: You love a good scrap as well as a jolly
shag, but somehow the mindless destruction of life and property
doesn't have that much appeal. You can be as rowdy and crass as
any, much of it is lip service to the stereotype. But don't ever let
anyone else know how you see the world!

Ulric One-Arm

Originally from the Isle of Man, Ulric has traveled almost as
much as McGowan, giving the might of his ax in service to
whoever can fetch his price. He's served Seelie and Unseelie alike,
isn't particular as to which kith he works for and especially loves
telling tales of his own exploits, in a sort of "there we were" fashion
with generous embroidery on the truth. His mortal identity, Ulric
Maugham, isan itinerant laborer who manages tosurvive ona lean
monthly pension. Ulric grew upon the docks of south England, and
losthisarm ina freight accident. But that hasn't stopped him from
being a warrior to reckon with

Ulric is quickly becoming active in Unseelie politics. He is a
favorite of Countess Angharad, and to impress her, he's soon
planninga raid on Lloyd Morgenstern in Glamorgan. Gwilym and
McGowan have tried to discourage him, or at least convince him
to wait for backup. But Ulric's patience has worn thin. He wants
to waste no more time with Seelie alliance.
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Humbug/Paladin
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Troll

ey: Mount Snowdon
Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Carousing 4, Intimida-
tion 3, Streetwise 2
t-Draw 2, Firearms 1, Gambling 1, Mechanic 1,
, Storytelling 3, Survival 2

9

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Heraldry 1, History 1, Linguistics 2

Arts: Chicanery 2, Primal 3, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 3, Prop 3, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Gremayre 2, Resources 1
Glamour: 4
Banality: 3
Willpower: 7
Image: Ulric is gigantic, even for a troll. His remaining arm
isthicker than two or three sidhe put together, and he easily wields
abattle ax despite his disability. The troll's skin isa deep azure blue
aying-brown hair lies in beaded corm rows. In his mortal
, Ulric is still enormous, with sea-toughened skin, cold
blue eyes and grizzled brown hair. He generally wears tom overalls
and an ancient navy pea coat
Roleplaying Hints: You'reachiefamongtrollsand youdon't
give a damn that you have only one arm. That only makes your
deeds whenever you can; fear is better than love.

Celyndra Rhys

The sole mistress of Bryn Celyn, Celyndra seldom ventures

from herhill of holly, except when the occasional mortal man comes
tooclose! The woman isa bona-fide nymphomaniac, reveling in the
Summer of her life. She owns the small farm of Bryn Celyn, raises

few critters and takes care of the gardens and trees in her rocky eyrie.


But on occasion, Celyndra sits in fields near Gwynedd's rough
mountain hiking trails, plays her small harp, hoping someone will
come along she can seduce. Asa general rule, she doesn't welcome
other Kithain, but despite her Unseelie natur

yndra would be
.d of hospitality

hard-pressed to deny another in 1

Celyndra is the daughter of a Kenyan migrant couple who
worked for several years in Wales. They used their savings to
purchase the farm at Bryn Celyn, eventually returning home tothe
warmer southern climate. Celyndra is known to Prince Dylan and

a few others as a seeress of great talent. The problem is that

although the visions she sees are usually accurate, she doesn't
always pass the truth on to her "clients." Unfortunately, Prince
Dylan has complete faith in her predictions. He doesn't realize that
Celyndra may be lying. Thus, she has a major influence over the
course of Kithain politics.

Court: Unse:

ie

s+ Cerenaic/Courtier
Seeming: Summer (Wilder)
Kith: Ghille dhu

Physic:

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Legaci

es

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Artistic Expression 3, Mimicry 1,
Kenning 2, Seduction 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Camouflage 2, Dancing 1, Hunting 1,
Performance 2, Singing 1, Survival 2, Swimming 1, Tracking 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Herbalism 3, Mythlore 2, Poisons 1
Arts: Chicanery 1, Primal 4, Soothsay 4, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 1, Nature 4, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Dreamers 1, Gremayre 5, Holdings 1, Resources 1,
Treasure 3

Glamour: 6
Banality: 3
Willpower: 7

Treasures: Celyndra has a beautiful harp with strings that
shine like burnished gold. It makes her incredibly alluring (+1 to
Appearance) in the presence of any male

Image: Willow-slim, with long black tresses and dark skin,
Celyndra is exotic and beautiful. As a fae, her skin is a soft green,
like the leaves of a birch. Her hair is a dark jade with black roots,
while her eyes glisten like aquamarines in the sea.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the quintessential hedonist
continually seeking to sate your thirsty appetites. The morality of
luring youngmen to yourcouch matters not, for life is short and this
is the season to live it to the utmost!

176 Isle of che CDighty

ThePaincipalizy
of Oyfed

Prince Oylan ap CDorgan

As
marine biologist. But much of the time, he dwells as Prince Dylan ap

nortal, Dylan Pritchett maintains a quiet existence as a

Morgan of Dyfed in his grand pentre on the Pembrokeshire coast.
Dylan has a troubled and uncertain life. The ghille dhu Celyndra
shattered his vision of becoming high king of Cymru by predicting
that if he ruled, a great curse would settle on the Land of Song and
Companions. Thus, Dylan has waning self-confidence in his ability
to make good decisions. He worries that ifhe tries to do anything, his
land will crumble into ruins, people will die and so on. Dylan is
sometimes so terrified of failure that he simply does nothing...which
causes tongues to wag even more. Despite his lack of initiative, Dylan
isagood man. He isakind, generous lord toall the Kithain of Cymru.

Dylan's cousin Gwyn was the former prince of Dyfed; this
noble sidhe saw his younger relative through his childling years and
groomed him for rulership. Gwyn perished in one of the first battles
with Lloyd Morgenstern, and Dylan has vowed vengeance on the
Dauntain for this wrong.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Philanthropist/Fop
Swydion

Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Physi
Soc
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents:
macy 2, F

}: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5

Alertness 2, Artistic Expression 1, Athletics 1, Diplo-
npathy 3, Intrigue 1, Kenning 3, Seduction 1, Style 2,

Subterfuge 2


: Animal Ken 1, Dancing 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Hunting 1,
Leadership 4, Melee 2, Ride 2.
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 3, Heraldry 4, History 2,
Law 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 1, Mythlore 3, Politics 2,
Science 3, Taxidermy |
Arts: Chronos 3, Dream-Craft 1
Sovereign 5, Wayfare 3
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 4, Nature 4, Prop 1, Scene
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 3, Gremayre 2, Holdings 3,
Political Connections 3, Resources 4, Retinue 4, Title 5, Treasures 4

inging 1, Swimming 2, Tracking 1

aming 1, Primal 3, Soothsay 1,

Glamour: 6
Banality: 3
Willpower: 7

Treasures: Prince Dylan owns a magical coracle that takes
him anywhere, as longas his destination touches water. He also has
a powerful sword that can raise seastorms, though he is reluctant to
use this power because he cannot control it. His chimerical armor
gleams gold, and he often wears a woven green and gold cloak that
allows him to walk upon water.

Image: Fair-haired, tall and graceful, Dylan isa perfect sidhe
prince. He wears simple but stately garments in his household
colors of green and gold that enhance his blond hair and leaf-green
eyes. He is quick to smile, slow to anger and bears himself with
dignity and assurance at all times...at least on the outside.

Roleplaying Hint:
can share with no one. You've tried to learn some lessons from this

‘ou carry a heavy, terrible burden you

loss, but the only thing you know for certain is that the price of
being true to your duty is sorrow. You wish you could find a
confidante, someone toshare your heartand your troubles, but thus
far, you've been unsuccessful. You're a romantic sidhe, though, and
pethaps hope springs eternal

The Los Principahicy

of Powys
Vaughan Oavies

Vaughan Davies learned of his fae nature while sailing on his
father's mall boat down the River Severn. Derwyn ap Allyn rescued
the young man, explaining about the wonders of the Kithain.
Vaughan soon after felt a calling in the waters, and discovered a
wonder along the river's banks: a long-forgotten glade. He named
the place Glyn Severn, keeping its location secret from all but a few
trusted friends like Derwyn and Nestor. Vaughan is happiest in his
glyn or on the river, taking passengers on scenic day cruises, and
continuing to leam about the wonders of the world around him.

The ghille dhu watches the whirl of Kithain society as an
outsider. He doesn't understand the importance of tournaments or
the companionship of pub-hopping and so on. To Vaughan,
nothing is more sacred than the land of Cymru; caring for it, he
believes, should guide the actions of all Kithain.

Court: Seelie

Leg Crafter/Wretch
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Ghille dhu

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Appearance 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Empathy 1, Kenning 2, Scan 1,

rchery 1, Carpentry 1, Climbing 1, Crafts 2, Drive 1, First

?

, Hunting 1, Mechanic 2, Stealth 2, Swimming 2, Tracking 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Herbalism 1, Linguistics 1, Mythlore 2
‘demain 2, Primal 2, Wayfare 4
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Nature 3, Scene |

Glamour: 6
Banalit

ughan has a rugged look about him; his hands are

gnarled, his beard and hair usually unkempt and his clothes often

bear stains from the river. But his blue eyes are kind, and he is quick
tosmile and to tell a witty joke. In his fae seeming, his skin and hair
are a verdant green. While on the river, Vaughan is never without
his companion, a big salmon with glittering silver scales. The
salmon likes to play tricks on Vaughan, such as stealing his cap and
so on, but it also gives him wise advice in times of trouble.
Roleplaying Hints: You like the simple life you lead; you can
have both the company of good companions and the peace of
solitude whenever you need them. You know the doom of your kith
is a shorter life than most, and you worry on occasion of what will
become of Glyn Severn when you forget your fae nature.


ThePrincipalicy
of Glamorgan

Lioya QDorgenscern

In his youth during the 1980s, Lloyd Morgenstern worked to
improve working conditions for miners; a few nobles of House
Dougal even paid honor to him for hisdeeds. Butas time passed and
nothing changed for the better, he grew tired of the battle and in
a fit of Unseelie madness decided to join the enemy. Lloyd used his
influence with the mine owners to shut down a number of mines,
and scorched dozens of Kithain with his growing Banality. Through
trickery and shrewd investment, Lloyd became a wealthy man
during the early 1990s; now he uses his money and knowledg
Cymru to destroy the Kithain and all the Glamour they possess.
Lloyd is extremely dangerous. In his own evil way, he is extraordi-
narily clever. He will stop at nothing to inflict his dark vision of
Cymru on the fae and their allies.

Lloyd is unaware of the supernatural nature of the
Technocracy's activities in Cardiff. He has met Sir Mortimer
Evans and a few members of the New World Order. If directly
approached by them or by a company like Pentex, Lloyd would

adly sign onto its program, while simultaneously plotting a
takeover.
Doom: Black Magician
Unseelie
Rake/Regent
Dougal
3rump
Kith: Nocker
Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Isle of che CDighzy

Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Intimidation 3, Scan 3,
Streetwise 2
Skills:
Stealth

"rafts 1, Drive 2, Firearms 1, Leadership 2, Mechanic 1,

Survival 1, Traps 1
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Law 1, Lore (Faerie) 1,
Politics 2, Science 2
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2, Primal 1, Pyretics 1, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 3, Nature 2

Stigma: Conversion, Erasure

Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 2, Resources 4

Glamour: 3

Banali

Willpower: 8

Treasures: Lloyd has a powerful army of nasty chimera he
calls the Stone Men. To fae eyes, these creatures are gray, drab
animated golems; they serve as Dauntain spies and will occasion-
ally attack any Kithain they encounter.

Image: Lloyd is a slender man with dark hair just beginning
tosilver. Though he seems large and imposing, he stands well under
six feet tall; Lloyd makes up forany lack of height with his imposing
attitude. He is cold, calculating and merciless in whatever he does.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a real bastard with no emotions
or love for anything but your own twisted visions. No pleas for
mercy ever touch your ears, and you'd gladly slay your own child if
it meant getting rid of the Kithain and their pansy ways. The time
of magic and Glamour is long gone, and your purpose in life is to
make sure things stay that way

TheDrincipalicy
of Guiyne

Nestor Evans

Nestor Evans loves two things in life: people and knowledge.
Nestor will talk to anyone, whether mage, vampire, ghost or even
Dauntain. As long as he can learn something, he's willing to go to
extremes. Next to his mentor, Tom John, Nestor is probably the
wisest Kithain in Cymru. Son ofa Welsh nurse and an American
army officer, the satyr enjoyed a nomadic childhood traveling
around the world, learning innumerable languages, talesand songs.
Discovering his fae nature while in his early teens thrilled him, and
he'sdanced through life eversince. Afterastintin London theatre,
he settled down on his late grandfather's old homestead in Trellick,
near the Usk River, rebuilding the old place and making it into a
guesthouse, bar and freehold for all Kithain.
Court: Seelie

Legacies:

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Satyr

Motle

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Table of the Twin Rivers

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3


Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Carousir

Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intrigue 3, Kenning 2, Seduction 3,

Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Brewing 1, Cooking
Etiquette 2, Firearms 1,

Security 1, Stealth 1, Storytelling

2, Crafts 2, Dancing 3, Drive 1
ambling 1, Leadership 1, Melee 2
2, Survival 1
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Cymru) 3, Enigmas 2
Investigation 2, Linguistics 3, Lore (Fae) 4, Lore (Garou) 3,
Lore (Kindred) 1, Lore (Mage) 2, Lore (Wraith) 1, Medicine 2,
Mythlore 4, Occult 2, Politics 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 1, Primal 3, Pyretics 2,
Soothsay 2, Sovereign 2, Wayfare 4

Realm:

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Dreamers 2, Gremayre 3, Holdir

Actor 4, Fae 3, Nature 1, Prop 2, Scene 4

Mentor 4, Resources 2, Treasures 3
Glamour: 5

Banality: 6

Willpower: 6

Treasures: Over the years, Nestor has collected some valu
able goodies, including a bottle of Fianna mead, the Scroll of
Bethany ferch Madoc, a tankard of Glenfhada Distilleries whiskey
a vial of vampire blood and a mirror that sometimes (sohe believes)
shows scenes of Arcadia.

Image: Nestor is a handsome middle-aged man with graceful
movements, chestnut brown hair and gentle eyes. As a satyr, he's
nicely proportioned and very muscular, with small horns and a
short tail. Brown silky fur covers his body except for his shiny black
hooves.

Roleplaying Hints:
fellow who is happiest not only when he is having a good time but

You are a hopeless jolly romantic, a

also when others are as well. You especially love women, the way
they smell sosweet and move with purpose. Dames, you realize, are
your big weakness, but what the hell. You mightas well havea great

time while you can!

Oerwiyn ap Allyn

Derwyn isa kindhearted pooka, full of good-natured fun and
jest. Although he really likes bamboozling the wrong kind of
tourists (the expensive outdoor outfitted types), sending them to
rough country in sandals, poking pinholes in their water bottles
and so on. He never wishes to cause enduring harm. Derwyn feels
1 great fondness for his friend Nestor and worries about him living
too fast. To this end, Derwyn tries to make things at the Table of
the Twin Rivers lively. He also spends time among the pooka in
Gwynedd, ust to keep up on the latest tricksand jokes. Asamortal,
Derwyn Allison works part-time as a firefighter in the Trellick
community. But Derwyn isalso feeling the approach of old age,and
he's powerless to stop it. What he really wants to do is plan one
giant final joke before he forgets his fae nature, hoping to center it
around the Table of the Twin Rivers if at all possible.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Bumpkin/Ragar

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka

Motle

Physi Strengt

[able of the Twin Rivers, Cwm Pwea
3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Empathy 1, Kenning 2,
Scan 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Carpentry 1, Crafts 2, Drive 1, Escapology 1, Etiquette f,
First Aid 2, Melee 1, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Cymru) 1, Enigmas 1,
Linguistics 1, Mythlore 3, Occult 1

Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 4, Primal 2, Wayfare 5
Realms: Actor 4, Nature 5, Fae 1, Prop 4

Backgrounds: Companion 3, Contacts 2, Mentor 3


uorysy
*2no] Yn
awoy
2wi09 01 ysim nok 4naUayM KpvaL ayn0d pjo 4nok aavy pup skompo
NOG ssu am sy 1aB.0f 104 OG] "syruoUL Zuo ayy ur pouLofur
no€ daay pun nok pro jim sBussnu Cu adoy | ‘413 avap Kyy
2ous19suo9 pun
vay ays fo suanmut apuusaao saumauios ‘29s nok ‘san pooyg "poau fo
SUN UL Layoug 40 4aIsis DuaqLaA v pw 01 pynod | SunCuD op Kpo}s
Pil {A uoIsuaosy ayp yum panjoaut 228 01 UMIOMI—4 240 DUOPUDT']
youaf nogiayy am ary puy ‘uompory snp yum Kyaso9 asow
Sfiauapr am ‘2anyno pup Kxorsty smo ur 40m 20 saouanyfut 49430 aay
am apy pun ,,"DuaqsaA,, S401S2IUD Ano pagqnp SuDWOY ay],
sanpasway
yam aounqng fo mo sdoysad pup---pom poxnwu ayn ym yonor fo
mo sumuny aup Kay. "2sp2 1] 2aogn 919404 PUD SLapUoM-oUYIA PUD
siaiipo8 ano] suompns | asay_1 *sapp,A\ ynos ui KSojouysar fo ymous
ayy yim aystu v punof aavy sau asaya fo awos sdoyiag ‘sidapy
pon, ayp pun sag fo sug ay mogo aay mouy | ng ‘uMUg
fo Sirsry aya say sisnuais puv aauars param fo souoig
"warp. 19p1U09 01 as004>
nok pnoys Bud snopcougo uv yum Surpoap 2q 1yStw no unis ays wosf
azypad os ‘sugny aay S121 ySnoys ‘apf auo aavy Kayp ff "2Svauy] no
fo wappyo pam on Buryaas awos pas Kunut ‘mouy nok sv pup ‘12mod
snopuawia ssassod sonauuazy wapou Kuvyy "vIUUaW aso}
yim aBomuay pounys 1uatoun ano 12adsox Duopuny] youaf nogiayy an
‘Sunpow isouyp 01 paypump aavy sauuapy fo sesnopy ayp apy,
spur pup
suuvay payouoas yim dn pua Guus avaf ang ‘Kai2uar a1oyp a4nupo op |
ayivaig sof asnod v moynim afr mogn wana} Kyqissod auoKuv uv> mo}
"au asnpyxa sismpna s,opo1 mnupo asnu | pun ‘suvac aya 4900 pasuny>
spy uompot | ay, "Ks01s2q fo yD ay 02 yg aav3 oym souosy>)
Jo siaag ayn panias 29u0 ‘puopuny fo sayzof ayn ‘snunyy wavs,
"aunafyy Cue unpim duopuny 3 a1ay sn yim r201UOD apouL 2avy
2UOU Ing ‘UoIsD290 UO nopofpparsia ay) Puan" maf v ananaq | uD
‘suauts asay wouf saruanyfut awos paraaoostp aavy supuorsty 4nC
"$n Suu w99q 1,uaavy suaisuoyS [oNsa}aD) 240UL AapUoM D s,21 05
"umuys}2,y\ aSvioan oy) 01 st jadoyo 1upruodun moy mowy nox
sapio
PPAnwwu ays yum Suuafiaru ‘appr Kays suons" aya soygn | ‘2suas
ppansnad v wang ‘Sury2as auv suaevaq yavap asaya ym 29s | ‘]02} [D9
-na1oays V UC "sommuDYINg aya op os ‘Kynfio4aw puy "a4ay aauasaud
[pus aavy siaypadsuwaig] puv pooympoug o1ysryY 2y]

"auru asaya Suoww uno osyp mopof am vuaqua 2y,], "saULLa}]
fo sasnopy ay pun sowosyc) fo siag ay2 sv yons sioos 1waruD
‘ous Supds wy sexo suompns J payfrpos aumu ‘994 | fo uouy0aU0,)
purin ay fo pus ay ous ‘Cuorsty poxuad woxf mouy nok sy

"unis pod v
nok ani 0 ansas pynoys ing ‘mouy | ‘Kyorays says sa] "puvjwoy
Ano w suomIpos | 941 moqo mouy K]DUoSLad | 14M fo Camus foug

dn uanum aa, og "sappy wi a4ay oF sBunp sv a0f sv asvaq 30 ‘nok

Uny 1,upmo9 uo 3ui08 s,27ym mogn UoMDULOfUL aWOS "puny 42yI0

2y1 uo Img ‘Keunua NOK ym aa.Svstp 2,Uop | "wYp TP Pun 4v,A\ uoIs

-uaosy aupus siyi 01 wonuany Burkod 10u mogp ‘Kasnd Komv-3u08
ay 10 pws nok sSunp ayn fo awos mogn pany pun Suo) 1y3n0y) |

isan Cut 2g ‘puvy anok Kay 07 auv9 nok fi os

"26 way sof aucru s092q9 v fo 1y8noysa,uaavp [Po puv Nok punof ay ft

mouy sn 12] 02 a1ns aq op os ‘anBox v fo 0s s,ay ‘aBpSoa uapwu sty
som sana] stip Suusayacy Zuaavs mau snp fo yuryp NOK op wy,

vaxn Kano] v yons ut 40m 01 Karumsuoddo

UD SsnuL 1,upMno9 NOK punrsiapun jam ing ‘NOK ssru Kpum499 2A)
awoy mau snok wi Kddvy pun pam nok spuyf sana] snp adoy |
"unig 409¢]

soHpC{) UOLuppa | |

"ay pur saSeut yjog Sunsaye saysep}req Jo sauas snorasuep

B yseazun Ajisea pjno> apy "ayqeastpazdun pue apraejoa ssofaypauou

St ay ‘tustoay 40j uoNeandas v sey IUDY,C A>xf ap!Ya ‘AyTeULY

yanod oy yred Joy uF spuras rey SuNpAUE orepyrUUE AppEys

J]! ays ‘uonannasap Jo 2210) poyDoypuN ue st Uapmog auef Ape]
"sropnezeyy atp pur ipueyday ayp aze spreo pjias aaruyop aq]

Aoesouype? | 2y2 02 ayBNoyp Yonut ais

62 yom UMNO say UF dn IYBNeD O01 are saSeUL UONIPeL] ay 49A0

-MIOYW "SPIE A\ Ul UONUDAUOD IULUTUOP ay 4Y9PIO PHO MON

ay Woy Apuapuadaput Jiom UOPRAy Jo SIOTUIGUL ayp ‘9S1M9Y!]

Awapesy sonsin3ury] uoapiaes ayp Ur asaravut Sussed A]UO sey

Ing ‘uosTUN UH De Ppauday UI eUOpUEY] Yoray MEqLatpY ay], "1tPO
ypea asisse sou asoddo Apoautp saypiou saye jy Jo sadewt ay,
oueG] ued peag] —
say] yim au paf nox
‘anSuor Kut ano 3n9 nox
‘saga Ku amo payanyd nox
‘sava Kut dn pay20]q nox

soBoC{)

-eyood saqa] v areumsarpun s[ooy AJUC ‘puny ut asuodso1

Passassodsicy aup yo Suog

jo ajqeded uetp axour 24,no4 ‘pom paiuaiuos anoA uarwamyp seop

Bunpowios yaya ang -ajt] Uo OoPNO aantsod v pue Way poos v jo

‘wopstas aup ssassod nos ang ‘aAres pjo aup Jo sureaq ayp aavy s9Adu

Tno4 "Addey pue Ax2ay> Ajjenurwuod are No' ‘spuauy 1ay20 nok
40 JOISAN suaIRANP SuRPatos ssofUP) ssIUNY Burdedajoy

-uny Aqqusisoan wry

puy aydoad 1sou pur ‘998y sty s1ysy] U3 enunUOD Y "Aof pue apud

sty surewiag 2eyp prea Aysng e pue srea-xo} AvsS-Ystppay awospueY

Ara seyay ‘aouezeadde aey siy uy ‘Surui99s uewny ut aypeIsnu pue
pieaq oyse Grey ysippar aia ueM TTeUse st UANUAg] :aBeUNT

1 Hamodypt ay,

¢ :ayeueg

J HnowreyS


The Technocracy

From Sir Mortimer Evans, Seat of Cardiff, to Lady Victoria
Holmes, Seat of Pembroke, All Good Greetings!

Dear lady, what a pleasure and delight it was to have you down
for tea last week! I do quite agree that we should make our Ascot plans
early this year.

With regards for our plans in the future, I'd like to take a
moment and briefly recap the present positions of other groups in the
Technocracy as they exist in Wales. Perhaps you could be so good as
to add your notes to mine for reference purposes

Cardiff displays excellent potential for reclamation and devel-
opment, and as our contacts there report, agents of the New World
Order are moving into position to capitalize on the possibilities. My
fear, though, is that the New World Order will continue to conduct
its "need to know" policy of non-information, cutting us off from
crucial knowledge. This is distressing in the extreme. As you know,
I do not believe in dissemination of wisdom among the masses and of
course we have an ideological imperative to keep the secrets, and to
some extent, the existence, of our own order private. But for the sake
of commonality and the preservation of unity, I find it deplorable that
the New World Order keeps secrets from those of us who deserve to
know. We may wish to, shall we say, insinuate ourselves into its
activities.

The Harbingers and its agents at Zero Division remain a hidden
faction within the Technocracy, and whereas it prefers thuggish street
fights and queer experiments, we espouse diplomacy, decorum and
civilized autocracy. Only through these means will Britannia once
more rule the world. But have I ever mentioned that the seat you hold
once belonged to a defector? Your predecessor, one Lady Jane
Bowden, had the misfortune to fall in with some distinctly undesir-
able persons, dabbling in a bizarre occultism I have never encoun-
tered. I fear she has fallen into the grasp of something dark and
wicked. I accompanied one of the members of Zero Division when he
confronted her during the annual Eisteddfod Ball. Dreadful mess!
She knew that we suspected her engagement in unnatural activities
and was long gone. In her basement were the most disgusting things
you could imagine: bottles of blood, weird powders, even afew newts
and snakes. It sounds like a horror story, but I can assure you it was
quite real.

Iteration X has developed here in Wales quickly and efficiently ,
maintaining a quiet presence at not only certain universities but
within the business community as well. I can likewise see great
potential in gadgetry for Zero Division coming from Iteration X. We
might do well to cultivate our opportunities with this group

As you know from the statistical reports I sent out last month,
our only medical school is at the University of Wales in Bangor.
Furthermore, CIA documents note that only one doctor exists per

10,000 people in Wales. I hope you will agree this is not satisfactory,
and that we must take steps to remedy the situation. Perhaps you and
I might consider endowing a chair for medical studies in the near
future. The health-field industry provides an ideal medium of growth
for the Progenitors to thrive.

The Syndicate holds the purse strings of the world in its hands.
Lam sure it monitors our general existence and activities as members
of the Technocracy, but I doubt it knows of our higher purpose. And
even if it did know, why should it oppose us? We seek to restore the
might, majesty and wealth of imperialism, the grandeur of the age of
Victoria and Disraeli. Surely it could not ask for more!

I don't need to remind you that exploration, the province of the
Void Engineers, has distinct merit. Recall if you will the effects that
Raleigh and Drake wrought from their discoveries in the New World.
What of the brave journeys of Stanley and Livingstone and other
explorers of the Orient and the Dark Continent? Great Britain would
not have established sucha grand empire had itnot been for the visions
and wherewithal of great men such as these.

And that, I believe, brings me to a point of closure. Again, |
delighted in your visit and hope to see you quite soon. Should you have
any questions or need clarification on any points I mentioned, do ring
me up.

Most sincerely yours,

Sir Mortimer

Nephand

Wales isa place of peace and purity, and is most tempting for
corrupters. Lady Jane Bowden, owner of the Bron Methlyn bedand
breakfast, generally works alone. But she isn't adverse to having
help from another barabbi or infernalist. Lady Jane would love to
take hold of one of the Rheibau ferch Llandona, bring her into the
fold, then send her home to destroy everything Llandona Coven
has sought to build. The barabbi also plot on how to expose the
existence of the Harbingers of Avalon to the Technocracy at large.

CDarauders

Welsh legend has often treated the insane as divinely gifted;
thus, Wales has the potential to be a rich haven for Marauders. The
stories behind dragons, Cadair Idris, Moel Arthur and Carreg-y-
Gwich may have nothing to do with the Kithain after all....

Liandona Coven
Ashlon Rowansong

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Architect

Essence: Primordial

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3, Ma-

nipulation 4, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Brawl 2, Cosmology 2,

Craft 2, Culture 1, Diplomacy 2, Enigmas 3, Herbalism 3, High

Ritual 3, Instruction 2, Intuition 2, Leadership 3, Lore (Faerie) 3,

Medicine 2, Meditation 2, Melee 1, Occult 3, Research 3,
Subterfuge 1, Survival 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Avatar 3, Dream 3, Sanctum 3


orrespondence 1, Forces 2, Life 4, Mind 2, Prime 3,
Spirit 2, Time 3
Aret
Willpower: 8
Quintessence: 8
Paradox: |

Background: Ashlon's mother, a Rheibes ferch Llandona,
died young; her last wish was that the girl join the Chantry as an
apprentice. Ashlon's childhood was a happy one, with time spent
among the mages and her father, a tree farmer in northwest Wales
Alone in the forest, only 14 years of age, she underwent a powerful
Awakening during a torrential thunderstorm, and instantly under
stood the delicate ecology existing between sky, sea, land and
animals. The Rheibau ferch Llandona gladly welcomed herasa full
member of its coven, and since then, Ashlon has served them
faithfully as a researcher and counselor.

Image: Blood of the Seers of Chronos, the Wyck, House
Merinita and the fae flow through Ashlon's veins, and her beauty
and bearing reflect this noble heritage. In her early 40s, she stands
tall, willowy and graceful, with dark hair and sapphire-blue eyes.
Ashlon's laughter comes easily from the joys she perceives in
everyday life, but she also bears a vengeful streak in her heart. Yet,
the mage remains patient with the antics of her children, nieces
and nephews, rarely displaying her anger. Ashlon wears loose,
simple, natural-dyed clothing, some of it handspun, then woven or
knitted in her own cottage.

Roleplaying Hints: You are proud without being haughty
Always speak in clear, concise tones and set an example of a life in
balance for others to follow. You want to be a seeker of knowle

but a careful one. You never place yourself above your peers. One

goal you have is to re-establish ties with the faeries within your
lifetime, and if sharing some information is necessary for that to
happen, so be it

Quote: "We must do anything in our power to renew the
ancient alliances with the fair folk."

Isle of che Cighzy

Souch (ales
Jack O k

Nature: Architect

Cnc

Demeanor: Fanatic
Essence: Dynamic
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 3, Ma
nipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Archery 1,
Area Knowledge 3 (Wales), Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Climbing 1,
Cosmology 1, Disguise 3, Dodge 1, Drive 2, Enigmas 1
Firearms 1, First Aid 1, Hunting 1, Investigation 2, Intuition 1
Lore (Mage) 2, Occult 2, Ride 2, Search 1, Stealth 2, Streetwise |
Tracking 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arcane 4, Avatar 3, Destiny 3, Dream 2
Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 2, Life 2, Mind 1, Prime 1,
Time |
Arete: 5
Willpower: 7
Quintessence
Paradox: 7

Background: Since the mythicage, the name Jack O'Kenthas
become a legend in southern Wales, a perpetual champion of the
weak and powerless. The fact is, Jack O'Kent is not a single
individual; a number of people have worn the hereditary mantle of
this local hero through the years, passing the name and shtick on
from generation to generation, presumably choosing a successor
when death draws nigh. Historical accounts describe Jack as a mage
of somewhat blatant powers; a few say he isa Marauder, accounting
for occasional Paradox backlashes during his exploits. Whatever his
orientation, Jack is not afraid to use whatever means necessary to
save damsels in distress, lost children, farmers about to be kicked off
their land, or whatever the people of Walesneed him toaccomplish


ns and spirits. Jack
always emerging victorious. However, Jack O'Kentisadefinite good

guy, never harming the innocent...or even the truly repentant.

jack usually shows up in some sort of fanciful, roman
tic garb: a clown suit, medieval knight's regalia, pirate trappings, a
deerstalker cape, or whatever seems to best suit his purpose.
Whetherornot Jack ismale or female dependson the situation. No
one knows his true identity, and those who have tried to learn more
have failed
Roleplaying Hints: You see yourselfasthe quintessential hero,
the white knight in shiningarmor, the champion of the unfortunate
What's more, you love being a hero in a day and age with few good
guys. The Lone Ranger, Sir Galahad, the Equalizer, Superman and
many others serve as your role models. In fact, your only worries are
secret identity and keeping an eye open for a succes:
sor. It may be a pretty lonely life, but someone has to live it!
Quoter "Yes, ma'am, I can help you. You say your son's in
trouble down in Cardiff? Well, don't worry a bit about it. I'll easily
have him back in time for tea

Cardiff

51k CDorcimer Evans,
RoIngeR of Avalon, Seac of

Cardiff

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Essence: Questing

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 3, Ma-

nipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
2, Athletics 1, Awareness 2, Computer 1,

nigmas 1, Etiquette 4, Expression 2,

Firearms 2, Instruction 1, Intimidation 2, Law 1, Leadership 2,

Linguistics 2, Melee 1, Occult 1, Research 1, Subterfuge 3,

Technology

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Contacts 4, Resources 5

Correspondence |, Entropy 1, Forces 2, Mind 1, Time 1

Quintessence: 6
Paradox: 0

Background: Sir Mortimer Evans, British public school boy
through and through, grew up in an atmosphere of affluence and
power. His fatherand grandfather built the family's fortune through
shipping. Since taking over the reins of the multinational Evans
Conglomerate, Sir Mortimer has managed to double the profits and
prestige of his forebears, He possesses a staunch pride in Britain and
desires nothing more than to create a new Camelot, where the law
of the kingisabsolute and the good of the kingdom isall that matters

Image: Sir Mortimer is portly and balding, but dresses well
and remains a highly respectable member of not only the Cardiff

elite but also hisalma mater, Exeter College. He loves to engage in
"noble" sporting activities such as deerstalking, cross-country
horseback riding and skeet shooting. Always exercising a quiet air
of superiority, Evans maintains highly formal behavior around all
except his closest friends within the Harbingers, with whom he is
quite warm and cordial. One of his favorite pastimes is shopping.
He refuses to buy imports, but rather frequents Burberrys for his
raincoats, Jaeger for hissuitsand shirts, John Lobb forhisshoesand
so on. Sir Mortimer always stays at the Savoy while in London,
usually dining at Rules.

Roleplaying Hints: You believe with all your heart that
Great Britain is the finest nation in the world. Perhaps the British
Empire has shrunk somewhat over the years, and perhaps certain
membersof the Royal Family have gonea bit astray, but these affairs
are trivial. What matters to you is the Harbingers are on the edge
of creatinga mighty new British Empire, with absolute justice, law,
order and all things right and proper.

Quote:
1963 law allowing peers to renounce their titles. What kind of
quirky fell

say, it is rather a shame about the passage of the

low would ever want to do such a thing?"

Lac ty Jane Bowden
Nature

Demeanor: Confidant

Architect

Essence: Dynamic
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma 3, Ma-
nipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Computer 1, Cultu

Dancing 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Expression 2, Firearms 2,
Herbalism 1, High Enigmas 2, Interrogation 5, Intimidation 3,
Intuition 2, Law 1, Linguistics 3, Occult 3, Poisons 2, Research 1,


Ride 2, Ritual 2, Seduction 4, Subterfuge 3, Technology 2,
Torture 5,
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arcane 3, Avatar 4, Contacts 3, Resources 5
Spher
Arete: 4
Willpower: 7

Quintessence: 4

Entropy 2, Forces 2, Life 2, Mind 2, Prime 1

Paradox: 2

ckground: Lady Jane grew up bored and spoiled. Packed
off to boarding school at age six, she would have no doubt grown
up to be just like her useless parents, except that she attracted the
attention of the headmaster when she turned 13. At first, their
affair was simple; then he revealed his dabbling in the occult. Lady
Jane was fascinated. Here was a chance to explore the real wielding
of power. It so different from the hollow trappings of her parents.
She became an acolyte in the headmaster's infernalist cult, then
Awakened during her first blood sacrifice. She rose to leadership in
the cult, simultaneously leading a double life as a dilettante. Ata
spring society ball, Lady Jane met Sir Mortimer Evans, who
recruited her into the Harbingers of Avalon. Needless to say, he
had no idea she was a barabbi. After she was exposed, Lady Jane
drew on hidden funds to establish a new identity. She aches to
betray the Harbingers to Tradition mages or 2
Technocracy; at this point, Lady Jane is just waiting for the right
time to pounce.

lots within the

Image: In her early 20s, Lady Jane is exquisitely beautiful. She
is 5°6" tall with long, honey-colored hair and warm brown eyes. Her
clothes are simple and elegant: black dresses, flowing skirts, tailored
blazers and shapely pumps. When engaging in her nastier activities,

Lady Jane wears form-fitted black leather or nothing at all.

Isle of che Cighzy

‘tj: NON SONA ONAN
Seva (PAI RALURAL

Roleplaying Hints: You act like the perfect young English
noblewoman, with perfect enunciation and charming manners.
Inside, you secthe with corruption; you are a mass of foulness that
wants to destroy and maim everything around you

Quot
think carefully about my request. El
rather mean about this whole business."

Ocher Beings in Cymru

The gleam of blood and a charge
in the steep eye,

say, I've already removed most of your flesh, so do
I shall have to start being

it erembles above an acre of wheat
and then swings away
to where the sky meets memory

Dewi Stephen Jones, Y Glorian (The Balance)

Vampires

‘Wales has long been a favored haven of Clan Gangrel, since
the wilderness affords good hiding and both the cities and towns
offer prosperous hunting. Notable Welsh Kindred include Art
Morgan and Prince Rhun of Tintagel (see DC by Night). Other
clans shun this uncivilized region of Britain, though the occasional
Toreador might enjoy the clubs, museums and spa resorts.

(Uerewolves

The Dryn

Fianna, closely allied to the pro-British Brotherhood of Herne.

drowd yn flaidd are the Welsh branch of the

Most Fianna consider these Welsh cousins bizarre and pethaps too

nna Tribebook)

Occasional skirmishes break out between Irish and Welsh Fianna

intertwined with the fae for their own good (se

over wars long forgotten.

CUraichs

Welsh legends abound with stories of the restless dead.
Among these are tales of the White Lady of Bro Gynin, a beautiful
woman who looks for true and faithful pairs of lovers toreward with
treasures. Mysterious blue lights near the town of Ruthin also
inspire the wonder of uneasy spirits. Whether from death in battle
or ancient evil ritual, the dead seem to wander all over Wales,

[omori

With the growth of new industry, Wales may become a quiet
breeding ground for the Fomori. One Fomori already has an
establishment near Swansea, and he will no doubt extend his
influence as he grows in power. Cardiffand Newport seem ideal for
Pentex expansion, especially if the corporation capitalizes on the
Dauntain and Technocracy influences already in place


Biohography

The Chronicles of Narnia, C.S. Lewis

Let's Go! Britain and Ireland

The Berkeley Guides: Great Britain and Ireland on the
Loose

The Intelligent Travelers Guide to Britain

The Encyclopedia of Fairies

Fairies, Brian Froud and Alan Lee

Albion: A Guide to Legendary Britain, Jennifer Westwood
The Books of Magic, Neil Gaiman

Practical Celtic Magic, Murray Hope

Power of Raven, Wisdom of Serpent: Celtic Women's
Spirituality, Noragh Jones

Recomended CDusic

The music of Steeleye Span, Fairport Convention,
Jethro Tull, Silly Wizard and Loreena McKennett all
blend old tales and tunes with a modern air that captures
the spirit of the Isle of the Mighty. Of course, depending
on the tone of your chronicle, the Cure, the Sex Pistols,
the Beatles, Benjamin Britten, or Andrew Lloyd Weber
may be more appropriate. Whatever mood you want to
capture, chances are someone from England has written

music about it!

Recommended Sources for
(ales

Anyone wanting to run a chronicle set in Wales
should obtain some sort of illustrated travel guide or
coffee-table picture book, for mere words cannot do the
haunting beauty of this land justice. For inspirational
reading, try Susan Cooper's The Dark is Rising series. Only
the last two books, The Grey King and Silver on the Tree,
take place in Wales proper, but the entire series revolves
around themes of magic, questing and personal sacrifice.
Likewise, Lloyd Alexa

use of "mythical" Wales as a backdrop for epic adventures

der's Prydain series is a marvelous

The traditional source of Welsh myth and legend is
The Mabinogion; numerous translations are available
Evangeline Walton has written an exciting modem rendi-
tion of these tales in four books, beginning with Prince of
Annwn.

Walesalso has

Wide Web. Useful sites include www.data-wales.co.uk/

ent representation on the World

ovcomp/
co.uk/wstats.html and

Many large cities, such as New York or Atlanta, have
branches of the British Tourist Authority. This company
will gladly send out maps and colorful brochures about
Wales for a minimal postage charge.


Films about Wales are hard to find. One notable
exception is Katherine Hepburn's The Com is Green, a
poignant look at the effects of the mining industry on the
quality of life in late 19th-century Wales. How Green Was
My Valley has some breathtaking scenery. An excellent
recent film is The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill and
Came Down a Mountain. Educational cable channels also
show frequent historical documentaries and travel footage

of Wales.

Recommended Sources for
Scocland

Anyone planning a story for Caledonia needs a good
guidebook. Fodor's guides are good, but are also a bit
sterile. Try the smaller, independent guidebooks, such as
Scotland: the Rough Guide. Guidebooks of this ilk have a bit
more character than the "name brands." The storyteller
may also want to pick up a Gaelic dictionary, or download
the texts from the Elementary Course of Gaelic WWW
page listed below

There are a lot of other resources to kindle tales of
Scotland. Recent years have seen a wealth of movies

about Scotland: Rob Roy, Bravehart, and Trainspotting are
all must-sees. If possible, go to one of the Highland Games
held all over the country (and the world), or find a local
Celtic band and plan an evening around hearing some live
music. (It beats a CD cold!) Finally, you should read
Robert Burns and Robert Louis Stevenson, but also take a
look at some of the living Scottish poets: Sorley Maclean,
Jan Crichton Smith, Tessa Ransford, Aonghas MacNeacail,
Maureen Macnaughton, Robert Crawford, and Elizabeth
Burns.

The web also offers a wealth of information on Scot-
land and its culture. The top web pages I found are: BUBL
Information Services Scottish Text Archive: 2nd-
cs.des.st-andrews.ac.uk/~wdw/Afalonrhithwir.html;
Edinburgh College: htty

//www.geo.ed.ac.uk/home/

scotland/scotland.html; Elementary Course of G
http://www.smo.uhi.ac.uk/gaidhlig/ionnsachadh/ECG/;
Glasgow Herald: http://leapfrog.almac.co.uk, National
Museum of Scotland Homepage: http://www.nms.ac.uk/
; Online Scotland: http://www.ibmpcug.co.uk/~ecs/
index.html; Stirling College's Homepage: http://
The Bagpipe Web: hetp://

pipes.tico.com/pipes/pipes.html

www.stir.ac.uk/; and


"‘uaunaysy pur ‘siuuay ‘suaprem aured ‘suesture aatsnyoo
‘srouey are Ady "Surwaas jexow ayp Ut UaAd JoUUeUL
aWOs UI PUR] ay? 01 PaI9auUOD are NYP aT|!Ys asoyy

‘sajfiasalr]

"ysnomp

S1 AW Jay aoJaq para|duuod syse2 say? 198 02 paau ayy

pure sau durwoodn s1atp joaysnoyp ap yan puag smosq
AY] "]APYSnowp pue pouszi ase nyp a]]143 uuNyNy

"TY typ pey aavy nyp ayprys aya voy saan oy

woy swvo# ay Suey 02 yaSuads ayp ssassod Aaya ‘A[P|ON]

aeq-adaes pjoparuas & Jo Syoo, ay YIM Wo Jo Ply
yortp e jo Aaneaq atp autquios nyp ay]1ys zauung

‘saumpaq statp ased Ava ano Avis 40

Woy UMOp 198 10ND Kay sade] OU quN]> 01 sa!oUapuaL

ajqtuoy aaey Aayy ‘saoejd ppm ur Surdefd ur ao10far

Aayy "AB1oua pue apt] ya Bunsing ze soipoq ASpnd
gay faanisinbut pue jryderd oze nyp aq]1y3 Burdg

SBULWUIIG

"uuMaNy UT sJap]o pousziMm pue popeUus
pur gaumuing ut satpoqpzey jryzaneag AjBuruumas ‘Buudg ur
saqeq 21qnaayp a]quIasay saIpog 419Y | "UUINANY UT sassour
pue saaea] pasojoon]nyy pue ‘iowrung ul sasseas pur soul,
‘Suudg ur siomopy Burwaas say 01 parejas svuepd yA
pausope skemye are sSuruidas avy soy_y "uUNINY UT ay
01 Ava sAeasye st ang ‘s10]09 snouea Jo st stey soy J, "2]peou
aurd ve jo uaes8 daap aya o7 sum) ysay papyuM say
uwnany Uy "saat] ay? Jo JoWUINg ayp UI UDeZ3 WNIpoUT
01 ‘Buudg ul udas3 uosu aowye ue Woy soSuey> any
aqp ‘aie Aaup sv ang pauurys uaadd are nyp ay]tys |TV

aoupapoddyy

-aouereadde
aot yaa Suoye aBueyp sanruyzy pue sysuypig soy
"aey & oJ UaA ‘QHeUIEIp st SuTUTdas UT aBURYD yey

*(aaoa8 pasdes e SuId—ai0Id ay1])

S,NYp aT]! Y8 ayp Joreup 02 zepTUMIs }eo8 o2 parestpap axe sBuly
juey> ay jt Aypersadsa ‘sdurjasuey say20 yo Aueduios
ay UI punoyag Ajjeuors
Aq saat] Jalig Aaya INO Vat] 0} JUaIUOD are IsoW INg ‘aoe]d

990 ]]}A aay BWOS "Burasixa Ajduays

Jesse pue saaois parses ayia Sundaioid 01 pauinyes
aaey Np aT]!Yy3 auog "Iso] aAwy Ady? IY A 02 BUTTS 0} Yaas
Ajaaesadsap |] 9s pue asam aouo Aayp YSTYyM ey Woy paisou
-UodsIp aWOdaq avy OYA a]doad v are Ady] "sBurfaSueyo
Je Jo 218en asow ayp sdeysad axe nyp ayys oy
"aqua
sixa Suuapung-aid sayy oy yoeg SuruayeY ‘sau ayt]
uoYs Aaa aavy Ady] "Buru9as apo "Mau v OUT aUO spuas
Aqreueg our quadsop ydeg ‘ey Jy op ETP ArrPeURg
Sununout soy aoud zatavay yon e Aed nyp aI]!4 "yastqau
pue ypeap ‘9j1] Jo Uossa] Jay UNO#IO} aavy puL sues
Ajssajadoy are Auew Spaarains aaey nyp aypiys mag
"aangeU YIM JaUUOD
91 pur saajastuayp aavs 02 adwone urea v Ul ‘s}109 JeUOU
UO YOO) pur sIAUOUTWOD JaYI0 AULW JO a]durexa ay? PaMo]
-J0} aiezadsap v ‘Buuneyg aya yy ‘UoRdnuI0> UMO
A1aYA JO padutAUOD "UOA! Jo Yakap [eUY aya INO IYSNos aWIOS
"pew quam nyp a]] 148 ayp jo Aueyy ‘syMpe aangeu se avid
AYP JO INO WOY UDYO a1aM sIaYIO ‘AIUIA [HUN saqeq se
dat] 02 uesaq NYp ay]!ys aus 497124 A|MOJs 01 ULBaq Yeap
Pue apt] Jo a]9A9 jeUOsevas say ‘BuLapuNg aya Joy
"Bunsepaaa
powioas nyp ay]!ya ay ang quazayip sem UoNLUeDUT YDLF
*saAq-poos s19y) ples pue smoueg tay pasaiua Ady) a1ojaq,
quia jo astwoid ayp anoge saimear9 s9yio Suryoear
‘asim aiaad Adyp GOIUI Jo FUTWOD ay YI Yeam pur [ey
auedaq sarpoq slatp sy "Suymunu pue ‘paureay ang ‘pase
awesag Aeyp uNANL UT "s}Jord ay Jo UP Uadd payeat
(p8uans syp pue Suons saaH Aayp sours yo YUEN
Up UAL A\ "3S90} pur apeys ayp jo saqeg se saavad s19y) WY
ayoae day Suuds uy ‘suoseas aya yaa aoed ut parp pue
pauaypis ‘paautp ‘paar, nyp a][!y8 aya aun suo ay

(rP-D9M)

NYO >IIIY


They avoid cities, and professions which would take them
there for long periods of time. Ghille dhu who enter their
Chrysalis in cities often burn out within a few short
months or years. Their rapid shift of seemings as they fall
tothe Winter's Kiss, and the changes in character that this
brings, often earn them a one-way ticket toa mental ward.

Affinicy:

Nature

@ Birchrights:

All Seemings

* Nature's Bounty —Ghille dhu may harvest Glam-
our from nature just as Nunnehi (page 146, Players

Guide).
Spring Only

© Spin the Wheel — Young ghille dhu can reroll any
one roll, without spending a Willpower point, once per
Story.

Summer only

© Rose and Oak — The ghille dhu are not only
beautiful but strong. They gain a dot of Appearance and
Strength, even if this takes them above five. This Birth-
right is effective in both the character's mortal seeming
and fae mien.

Aucumn

* Wisdom of the Ages — Old ghille dhu have a
mystic contact with the Dreaming and its cycles. Once per
Story, aghille dhu may meditate upon a question concern-
ing the fae. This must be done in a natural spot, such as a
place they might be able to harvest Glamour. (Not in a
potted plant in a mall!) A successful Willpower roll nets
them an answer from the Dreaming. A simple yes/no
question is difficulty 7, more difficult questions have
higher difficulties. A botch means that no more answers
will be given on that subject, no matter how cleverly
worded. This ability can generally be used once per lunar
cycle. The difficulty incr by one for each additional
use. Using this ability to excess is said to be extremely
dangerous and has resulted in the sudden disappearance of
the ghille dhu who defy this tradition.


raitcies:

© The Kiss of Winter — Ghille dhu who suffer a
Chimerical Death automatically age to the next seeming.

Additionally every time the character gains a permanent

point of Banality the character must succeed in a Glamour
roll (difficulty equal to his current Banality rating) or pass
into the next seeming. This rapid aging only affects the
character's fae mien, not his mortal seeming. If the
changeling's seeming is already Autumn, the fae mien
dies. There is no chance of recovery for the ghille dhu. The
fae spirit is gone until reborn in another body.

Cuoce:
*You talk of being caught on the wheel of lie, like some
dog's carcass caught on the wheel of your car. When will you

understand? How many times must I show you with my death?
We are the wheel. Look. Be. Learn!"

Ouclook

© Boggans — Wiser than the other take them
for, but too concerned with things.

¢ Eshu — Wise, but unfocused.

¢ Nockers — Simple, if loud. They suffer from
the same malady as the boggans.

© Pooka — Our spring, embodied.

© Redcaps — The beast is part of life too.

© Satyrs — Too concerned with the spring and
summer of life.

© Selkies — Imps of the sea, they have the bond
with nature that we cannot remember.

© Sidhe — The best often fall far.

© Sluagh — In the darkness of their holes, do
their secrets fulfill them?

© Trolls — They are what the sidhe have
forgotten.


; "ISLE
ha Hy

OF THE
) MIGHTY

THE - S
4p CRIDHE aoe #5." KINGDOM ))

"3 saat cae

NGHAM SMOKE

~ pe a
% Pome ‘ALBION * eo
+ wee 7 CAMBRIDGE )
a. . KINGDOM f

edie re oa myiTHAM COUEce ek oie
reanoRGan ar ROSES § SLoxroRD a

ERIM THE

PAST

JULY 1897


y
Y
a

no mortal —

ever dared

ie

to dream before.

The Anciene Pouicrs..
Discover at last the land of ancient magic — Britannia! Here is a land steeped in ancient magick and the legends
of the faerie, Hidden powers, some older than the Jand itself, move among humankind with their own arcane
purposes. Beneath the very noses of mortal society age-old battles continue to be fought across these lands for
control of key places of power.

Ridden Miranees ;

Finally players are able to explore the Homelind|otemuany, ds and discoyer the truth behind the

@! A detain explontign of the politiesand ry Olt qe and mages of Great Betain,
from the arrival of the Wyck and the ae Dinar to the modern day.

ISBN 1-56504-712-5

LaeNY wR WW 7007 $22.00U.S
sMAGE@ Bee ii i
The Ascension Wort) of | |

DARKNESS
