# File: Iteration X.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

TECHNOCAAC Y

A Sourcebook
for Mage: The Ascension™

Flesh and the Machine

by William Smith and Chris Hind, with thanks to Paradigma for permission to republish William Smit

s

‘confession"

Credits
Written by: Chris Hind
Developed by: Phil Brucato
Edited by: Laura Letbetter
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan
Art: Mark Jackson, Lawrence Allen Williams, and Scott
Johnson.
Front Cover Art: Kevin Murphy
Front and Back Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly and
Robert Dixon.
Production Assistance: Matt Milberger

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
‘ i. MTN., GA 30083

GAME STUDIO

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Mage:
The Ascension and Technocracy: Iteration X are trade-
marks of White Wolf Game Studio. All names, titles,
characters and text herein are copyrights of White Wolf
unless otherwise noted.

The mention or reference to any companies or prod-
ucts in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerned.

A version of the first half of this book originally
appeared in Paradigma: Journal of the Progressive Sciences.
It has been reproduced by permission from the publisher.

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader
discretion is advised.

Special Thanks To:

Aileen "NewGoth" Miles; the blackness of her hair —
it's the blackness of her heart.

Michelle "Tumorous Excrescence" Prahler, for promos
just too dark for words.

Rich "Mad Viking" Thomas, for the carnage he causes
with boffer swords and arrow storms.

Chris "True Lies" McDonough, for getting kickbacks
from Cameron.

Larry "Poster Child" Snelly, for his twitchy mass-
media Jyhad.

Kathy "Ananasi" Ryan, for her late night encounter
with the BFS. and her multitude of offspring.

Josh "Jumping Bean" Timbrook, for bouncing around
the ballfield.

Rob "New Boy" Dixon, for joining the Cracking Crew.

Dedicated to Harlan Ellison, whose stories of a dark
future dominated by technology are too frightening for
many of us to imagine on our own. Perhaps the inspira-
tion is far too familiar.

2 Technocracy: Iteration X

Table of Contents

Demo: IIOOIOIOO

Drive A: Hardcopy
Disk One: Initialized

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention

Drive B: Systems
Disk Three: Essential Data

Disk Four: Construct of Iteration X

Contents



Cast away the greed and death machine and bytes and

abacus and lights and hold onto your dreams tonight
Midnight Oil, "Renaissance Man"

My name is William Smith, and | am a man,
O ERROR 253
CORRECT DESIGNATION = 10010100
CORRECT FUNCTION = ARMATURE OF
ITERATION X
CORRECT DESIGNATION = 1110010100
CORRECT FUNCTION = ARMATURE OF
ITERATION X
CORRECT DESIG
<<BREAK>>

A man. I first remembered this fact earlier this morn-
ing. I record the events leading up to my freedom of thought
in hardcopy now — before I am forced to forget.
02:59:06.83
02:59:07.66
02:59:08.49

The atomic clock in my skull kept time to the pumping

of my heart, a regular seventy-two beats per minute. Sen-

sors indicated that the mountain air had fallen below

ng sometime after dark. Suspended in insulative gel,

encased in an armored exoskeleton, | would have never
known. Body temperature remained at an ideal 37°C;
breathing rate — had I been breathing rather than sucking
oxygen directly into the bloodstream through a tube
would have remained a perfectly calm twelve inhalations
per minute.

My artificial eyes cut through the darkness. The others
appeared as grainy, green-tinted holo-images. They could
have passed for two men and a woman. Or more specifi-
cally, for Iteration X's image of the ideal humans: synthetic
skin stretched over the frames of body-builders. Shaved
heads. Standard-issue gray uniforms of stiff military cut.
Standing motionless and emotionless in the sub-zero
weather, neither shivering nor exhaling clouds of frosty air.
A crimson glow behind each cornea hinted at their me-
chanical origin. And the fact that some deviant in Public
Works had rigged one HIT Mark with the face of Arnold.
I planned to report this sign of personality to a Programmer
upon returning to the Construct

Introduction 5


At3:00:00.00, I stepped up to the chain-link fence and
raised the thermic lance integrated into my exoskeleton's
left arm. I dragged the tip against the mesh. Where it
touched, super-heated slag burned through the links. An
efficient use of time and motion, with a minimal chance of
alerting our enemy. Since the fence was probably made
from some material far stronger than steel, the waste in
energy would be permitted.

Amold#2 grabbed a fistful of mesh in each hand and
prepared to bend back the fence. He had hardly begun the
motion when he was interrupted. With a screech and grind,
his perfectly-built frame locked for an instant. Then began
to vibrate. Lightning played over the syntheskin, outlined
by a corona of St. Elmo's fire.

The rest of the Shock Corps stepped back respectfully.

Now conducting some powerful energies, the HIT
Mark jerked like a papier maché puppet rather than two
hundred kilograms of hi-tech wizardry. The stiff collar and
sleeves of its uniform leaked smoke just before catching fire.
Arnold's
oO ERROR 253
CORRECT DESIGNATION: HYPER
INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGIES MARK V
MODEL NUMBER: 1010101

features ran like wax on a cheap museum replica. No
longer resembling Arnold, the HIT Mark's locked fingers
eventually
0 5.38 SECONDS

came loose of their grip on the fence. It crashed to the
snowy ground, smoking and steaming. I couldn't say what
melted syntheskin and fused circuitry smell like; the
exoskeleton's sensors had not been not calibrated for scent
and we were discouraged from imagining.

From the looks of it, even the HIT Mark's skeleton had
melted slightly under the stress. That was pure Paradox.
Primium is impervious to mundane electricity. It neither
conducts nor insulates. Its melting indicated that magickal
Forces were involved.

As if to confirm this conclusion, I suddenly noticed a
sign: "Warning — 10,000 Volts." It had definitely not been
there a minute ago.

A taunt from our enemies.

I was not amused. Neither was I angry. However, I was
aware that we were 14.07 seconds behind schedule. And
the Sons of Ether had detected us. I transmitted a brief
communication string to this effect.

o OPEN "COM1:9600,E,8,1,BIN" OUTPUT
SEND "gig10on gigo1oo00 goon

gio000n g10m10n GooooooO g1io000n
g1001n O1010010 O1010000 OOOooo00
o000001 Ooo00000 g1000100 n1o000101
o1io1o0 gio0o1o! gio000n oioimi0o0
O1000101 O1IO0OIO0 W111 OOo!
01001110 O1000101 Gooo0000 o1001000
g1001001 01010100 Ooooo00N o100no1

6 Technocracy: Iteration X

1000001 01010010 1001011 cooooooo
g100nn gidino gioooio1 oijioo1o
gig0onoo0 moon gioo000! didoo100
o1000101 G1000100 Wh O1M1iooi0
g10001o) gigioom! gigioio! gigooio1
o1g100n o1010100 OooooooO o100010
ooo! imo gMioio1oo0 giooo00
g1000101 o1010010 OoOOooooO moon
gigi0010 1000100 1000101 o1m10010
OOO W111 O1oOoo1o! Oooo
o1000g100 111WhhI"
CLOSE "COM1:9600,E,8,1,BIN" OUTPUT

We wasted precious milliseconds waiting for a reply.
This was procedure: no action without the Comptrollers'
confirmation. Personal initiative is unpredictable, and
therefore to be avoided. Deviance throws off the program.
The electrified fence seemed to confirm this universal law
— magick is unpredictable, cunning, irrational and care-
less. Beyond the fence, our enemies plotted within that
Dutch mansion, seemingly another outcropping of the
barren mountains.

Not for much longer.

Our orders came through.
O RECEIVING TRANSMISSION:
giog00n gio000o! gigolo gioooon
g1000101 01001100 Ooooooo0 oo100010
giogioo) mooWo oOMioon gioco
g1010010 OF1010100 With Gioo0o01
gmioonn mood! oo1o0o10 OOMOon
gioono0 goon giooooo! O1o00100
oo0000000 00100010 1011000 OoMoo
g1000001 gim1o0n Oigioon giooooo1
g101oio! GiooNoo O10101O0 WINhNhhH
gi0000n Moon giooNol GoiOooo
Peleitejilelemmeleleletelelelemmellelieleliemeiiiiiiiy
oigigi00 qioooono! Gigiog1o gio00
goon) gigigioo0 oOm1OmI00 OONNO
oo100m1I0 Migiono gio0000! good
00000000 01000010 g1000001 1010011
om100010 oO110n OO1o00010 qion1000
gi000001 oF1010010 gi00100 goo
gimi00o) mig! gion! goood
oo100010 OonNon Oo1oOOooI0 qiooo1o0
OO GOO Gow dominio
gigo0001 mood Oooo oOMon
oo1o0o10 Midi goood! qioonoo
gio0noo0 oF101001 OOFOOOIO 1100001
gioono0 moon moooon gioo0001
o1010100 o1000101 oooooood O1010100
gioo000! gigiooio gi0001 goood
gigig100 ooF100100 111111 O1ooo100
giooo1o! Mio0oNoo Mioooio! gin1M100
gi0001o) g1o10100 qioooon oim10010

ii

mi

gioo0om gio00i101 gidioioo0 oo1Moo100
Wii o1000101 gioomod giooooo0
Viitiiit
CONVERTING TO ABSTRACT THOUGHT...
DOWNLOADING TO CORTEX...

Almost instantaneously, my CPU had converted the
binary code and brought the message to mind:
CANCEL "INSERT.COM"; LOAD
"X:ASSAULT.COM", R
TARGETS = "VAN
BAAS";"HARLEQUIN";"DONOVAN";"WELLS"
LOCATE TARGETS
DELETE TARGETS
END

I raked the thermic lance down another section of

fence. A three-meter square of mesh fell inward, breaking
the connection. Leading the two remaining HIT Marks

through the breach, I marched up the sloping stone

We were half a kilometer from the fence when the
sentinels engaged us. With sufficient warning, my audio-
amplifier had detected the sound of crunching snow, scraping
claws and irregular grunted breaths. Life readings showed a
dozen blips. Back at the fence, there was probably another
new sign: "Beware of Dogs."

They literally threw themselves at us in the dark. Their
appearance suggested we were assaulting the island of Dr
Moreau, not a Sons of Ether Chantry in the Taconic
mountains. The Sentinels were unnatural crossbreeds —
features of bear, deer, wildcat, fox and raccoon stitched to
humanoid bodies. Like some Progenitor's pet project.

I switched on magnesium headlights, more in an at-

tempt to blind them than to se
The sentinel beating itself against my metalflesh was
part porcupine. Without breaking the momentum of my
stride, | caught its quilled head in my right hand and
brought the three wedge-shaped fingers together. This is an
efficient method of killing.
O ERROR 253
UNACCEPTABLE SYNTAX
SUBSTITUTES: CANCEL; DELETE;
DISCONTINUE; ERASE; ELIMINATE;
EXTERMINATE; TERMINA
<<BREAK>>
The degenerates were no match for post-modern tech-
nology. The "female" HIT Mark's hand exploded to reveal

the flashing muzzle of a minigun. With that amputation
and flayed syntheskin, she would no longer pass for human,
but then, neither would my eight-foot, golden exoskeleton,

Repeatedly, we withstood the beast-men's futile hit-
and-run tactics. We never pursued. No need to waste
ammunition, energy, or time. Our objective was the Chantry
house.

Relentlessly advancing, I noticed that we had flushed
out the Etherboys. A purple flash of lightning illuminated
a cigar-shaped silhouette rising from behind the mansion.

Introduction V]


One of our gleaming silver ARCs (Advanced Rotor Craft)
swept low over the rocks, thundering towards it. Spotlights
probed the ground and air, finally transfixing the clumsy,
droning zeppelin. Coincidentally, four guided missiles
malfunctioned. The fifth hit its mark. In slow motion, the
zeppelin sank behind the mansion and exploded ina ball of
flaming, green Ether.

oO ETHER. BELIEVED BY ANCIENT GREEK
PHILOSOPHERS TO BE THE FIFTH ELEMENT,
A "COSMIC" OR "ESSENTIAL" AIR. FURTHER
DEVELOPED BY DESCARTES AND OTHER SELF-
TITLED "SONS OF ETHER" (SEE TEXTFILE
"R-ENEMY.SOE"). CONCEPT OF ETHER
DISPROVED BY EINSTEIN'S LAW OF
RELATIVITY.

On another part of the mountain, an Etherboy tripod
machine was ray-gunning with abandon.

This blatant show of force and magick, our apparent
lack of concern over disturbing the Masses — this may
surprise you. You think that Technomancers are skulking
manipulators. Iteration X least fits this preconception. In
the silent night, sometimes in the shadowless twilight
beyond the Barrier, Iteration X battles the enemies of
Technocracy. Endless calculations minimize danger to our
reality. Witnesses are casualties.

For its part, Mount Graylock is remote. And we would
erase all records of our purge on the Etherboys.

We penetrated the Chantry house at 3:19:34.98. To
maximize efficiency, the Shock Corps split up. The
exoskeleton's hydraulic stride sounded loud to my audio
receptors as I explored the labyrinthian, gas-lit halls. Yet I
calculated that echoes would conceal my location as effec-
tively as silence. Wherever possible, | avoided their final
defense — crude, dome-shaped mechanicals armed with
cannons, like something out of a da Vinci sketchbook.
Whenever they were spotted, I destroyed them.
3:27:51.11.

I cornered the enemy — a middle-aged female with
wild hair and even wilder eyes
© CROSS-REFERENCING WITH VISUAL
PROALES...
TARGET IDENTIFIED: VAN BAAS
>TRADITION MAGE, SON OF ETHER
>DEACON OF GRAYLOCK CHANTRY
>MASTER OF FORCES, MATTER; ADEPT OF
ENTROPY, PRIME; DISCIPLE OF
UNSPECIFIED OTHER SPHERES OF MAGICK
*** WARNING: CONFIRMED ENEMY * **
*** SCHEDULED FOR DELETION ***

—inacluttered lab. Van Baas froze, clutchingarmloads
of paperwork to her chest. A heavy strapped chair squatted
between us. Above that single piece of furnishing, a mas-
sive coiled rod hung from an opening in the domed ceiling.
Lightning flashed. An ARC thundered overhead.

8 Technocracy: Iteration X

Using the chair as cover, Van Baas backed into an
alcoveas | slowly advanced. There was no melodrama in my
measured tread, no caution, no confidence. Merely the
means to an objective. With a swing of my armature, the
chair snapped loose of its securing bolts and toppled aside.
I did not intend to play monkey-chase-the-weasel.

A flutter of falling scrolls alerted me to her right hand.
It had crept towards a lever on the wall.

The coiled lightning rod.

With a burst of hydraulic fluid, I sprang closer to the
wall. Her deepening frown proved that this trick-or-trap
had failed. Or so I thought. I mistook concentration for
disappointment. Raising and igniting the thermic lance, I
clanged forward over the iron-grilled floor.

Grilled floor.

The thought had barely registered in either half of my
mind when she pulled the switch, focusing her magick.
Lightning struck the spiral rod, forked downward, and
grounded in the grill which now formed the lab floor.

A grill which had not been there a moment before.
And I suppose Van Baas was wearing rubber-soled shoes.
The Masses call it coincidence; Technocrats, statistical
inevitability. Mages call it magick.

All went black as my exoskeleton short-circuited.
© DEVICE FAILURE AT 3:28:42.19
MISSING MEMORY FILES
DIAGNOSTIC REQUIRED

Vaguely, | felt a tilt and a crash — the exoskeleton
toppling. I became acutely aware of the wires penetrating
my skull, the gel which permeated every pore of my body.
And that my respirator had shut down with all other
systems.

Imagine the worst case of claustrophobia. No compari-
son. I have heard that a dozen hours in an isolation tank will
break the strongest wills. That would have been bliss. | was
encased within inches of impenetrable metal and a con-
stricting, non-permeable membrane. I was an Awakened
mage, a Technocrat, a member of the most powerful group
in existence. And I was going to die of suffocation...

Suddenly, I was little Billy Smith — cripple, child of
thalidomide — all over again.

As my organic brain depleted its last minutes of oxy-
gen, it dredged up a thousand thoughts. I remembered the
times when my cousins Paul and Garth would toss my
compact, almost limbless body over the clothesline in our
deep backyard — a perverse game of volleyball. Relying on
the exoskeleton was similar to trusting them. Nota healthy
trust, but a helpless, desperate dependence. Because with-
out that one thread of confidence, there would only be
mind-numbing panic.

Dreamily, | realized that half of my mind was silent.
The power surge had crashed my CPU. This deepening
sense of isolation fed mixed feelings of loneliness and panic.
Like being left beneath the clothesline after dark, while

Paul and Garth hid — just out of eyesight, but not far

lashing for leaving me alone —
ed Billy cryand
maybe wet his pants. And when they finally revealed

enough to risk a tongue.
because it was oh so funny to watch wide

themselves, laughing as only evil kids can, and took me
home, I would never tell on them. Because I was desperate
for their "friendship." I had never realized how much I
valued the constant commentary of my CPU; a lone com-
panion among the impersonal masses of Iteration X.

That was my last thought before forever sleeping.

And awakening.
oO POWER RESTORED AT ??? TIME
RECALIBRATE INTERNAL CLOCK

Perhaps this was a final effort of my will. Or the
subconscious application of my lengthy conditioning in
the disciplines of Forces and Matter. First, | was aware of the
hum of my alter ego rebooting; then of the sensors coming
back on line; and of the happy conclusion that fresh oxygen
was pumping into my veins.

Thesecond thing I realized was my treasonous thoughts.

Whether it was my mind-bending terror, the seconds of free

thought without continual reinforcement of my CEU, or
somé'combination, — 1 wasufrees\ of my‘conditioning. 1
recognized the crock Iteration X had fed me.
o ERR
<<BREAK>>

(Shut up; calculate pi.)
9 CALCULATING.

My masters had offered to make me whole, almost
perfect. Invited me into the ranks of a Convention which
made the Masses look flawed by comparison. They claimed
that I would look upon mundanes with the same mix of pity
and derision (which pretty much amount to the same
thing) with which they had previously viewed me. Well,
yes, my exoskeleton and implants made me physically and
mentally superior. Yet here | was, more dependent and
helpless than before. I had simply traded one wheelchair for
another.

And that's how my freedom of thought returned.

That was hours ago. We have returned to the Con-
struct. Soon my report will be down-loaded. When that
happens, they will discover that I no longer follow their
program. And they will fix me.

Before that happens, | plan to produce this report. As
areminder to myself and others that William Smith is more
than a mechanical monster. To apologize in some small
way to those I have betrayed in my short term within the
Technocracy. And to reveal the flaws of Iteration X to
anyone still capable of opposing them.

Plugged into a hard-copier, spilling my guts through an
adapter port at 200 characters per second, I'll send the final

printout to the address memorized from a magazine called
Paradigma, discovered in Graylock Chantry. If Van Baas is
reading this, thanks for indirectly reminding me of two

important fact

My name is William Smith, and I am a man.

Introduction 9



Power, likeadesolatf

Pollutes whate're if

obedience,
Banes of all genif 8, Uprti

dom, truth, ‘ ;
Makes slaves offen ,fand of the

human frame, fs
A mechanized futomdton..

& —Percy Byssfle Shell ine en

\ Mab Be

I am the new ay to eh

Lam the waff of the furpre

—My Lifefivith the 7 pill Kill ;
Cult, "Afterfihe


Disk One:

Initialized

A woman came up to me and said
"I'd like to poison your mind
with wrong ideas that appeal to you
though I am not unkind.
They Might Be Giants, "Whistling in the Dark"

Recruiting
My time with Iteration X began 16 April
1993, at about 11:30 a.m. I was more clock-
conscious than usual because of the day's
appointment with my contractor.
© CAPACITY OVERLOAD....
CALCULATION ABANDONED AFTER

PLACES
CANNOT CONTINUE

Dr. Zimmermann questioned me about the pneumatic
arms her lab had attached to my wheelchair six months
earlier. Any problems with the compressed gas? The piston
joints? Was I able to manipulate the valves (with my
rudimentary fingers) well enough? And so on. I answered
her questions with concerns, complaints and some grudg-
ing acceptance. These white plastic limbs were ugly, slow
and crude. But honestly? I was too proud and to self-

Y

sufficient to admit how useful these "robot" arms were to
me. How had I survived 34 years without them?

In retrospect, | see that Iteration X must have been
watching me for some time.
© SUBJECT: WILLIAM ARTHUR SMITH
BORN: 4-3-1960 [FLINT, MICHIGAN, U.S.A]
HEIGHT: 0.92 METERS
WEIGHT: 41 KILOGRAMS
EYE COLOR: GREEN-BLUE
HAIR COLOR: RUST
FEATURES: REFER TO HOLOGRAPH
HANDEONESS: RIGHT
BLOOD TYPE: B+
DNA SEQU
<<BREAK>>

Working through Detroit General, the Convention
had propped me up with a motorized wheelchair and
pneumatic arms until I was all bue dependent on their
support. The good doctor was preparing to pull out the rug.

Disk One: Initialized 3


"Just a moment, William. I'd like to show you some-
thing."

She went to the closet for a blue nylon backpack. Unzip-
ping it, she removed... a human forearm! My breath hitched
for an instant before everything clicked. The arm looked as
though it were amputated from a fresh cadaver; it was that
realistic. She brought the prosthesis over for a better look.

"Its a newer model," she said without needing to. The
synthetic skin had wrinkles, tiny hairs, individual fingernails,
aslight transparency through which I noticed bluish veins...
From the amputated end snaked two wires, each ending in
contact electrodes.

As I admired the detail, the realism, Dr. Zimmermann
pressed the two electrodes against my own truncated arm. I
recoiled at the intimate touch, cold metal, my own self-
consciousness.

The prosthetic limb twitched.

I looked at her, then at the arm. By flexing my three
hooked fingers, I made the prosthesis do the same. Only more
perfectly.

"Te'sstill very much in the prototype stage. Buta select few
have these and lead normal lives among the Masses. If you'd
like, I could arrange a meeting with the organization which is
developing this." I told her I'd like that.

As I left Detroit Medical Center, my mind snagged on a
mantra from the Bionic Man T.V. show. Better. Faster.
Stronger. Try though I might, I couldn'tdismiss these thoughts—
the pipe dreams of a cripple.

222900

The bus stopped in front of a series of densely-packed
buildings on 32nd Street. The driver opened the doors and set
the hydraulic ramp to lower.

"You want I should help you?" he asked. Ignoring him, I
drove off the ramp even before it had hit the curb.

Dr. Zimmermann's directions from last week indicated a
door beneath the sign "Duplex Recycling." Strange name for
a company involved in prosthetics research. Even stranger
headquarters. The narrow facade consisted of shifting brick-
work. It didn't take a civil engineer to guess that the flanking
buildings provided support. However, "Duplex Recycling" did
hadarampand wheelchair accessible doors. How convenient.

The manager's office was located in back. A voice over
the speaker system directed me past a conveyer belt where
employees worked with expressions of intense concentration.
The office door opened into an empty antechamber — like a
miniature vault — where I waited while the lights flickered
and strobed for halfa minute or so (a power failure, I assumed).
Then the opposite door opened and I met the manager.

The office was lit only by a bank of monitors. Some were
tuned in to various television channels; others displayed
computer readouts. The volume was turned down. The man-
ager was a thin black man, bald but with trimmed facial hair
circling his mouth. This (I would later learn) was 101110...
uh... Decillion — Comptroller of the Construct.

14 Technocracy: Iteration X

I'll skip the mind-blowing content of that two hour
interview. The details are hazy (remember, this was before |
gained my digital alter ego) and I'm unable to reproduce his
level of persuasion. A few points did impress upon me. His
organization was dedicated to equality, perfection and effi-
ciency. They were involved in advanced research in many
fields of technology. He admitted to having watched me for
some time (I took this figuratively, as in someone had recom-
mended me) and wanted me to join them. He described a job
training program; they provided an advanced education, at
the end of which I was guaranteed a career.

I had some concerns,
© INTERVIEW WITH CIPHER 1110010100
fENTERED BY COMPTROLER 1011010011
11:43:87 .32/22-4-93)

Subject hesitated when told that Deciphering
would begin immediately and that he was
required to remain on-site for the entire
eight-month program. He also questioned
the apparent strangeness of dropping off
the face of the earth.
Instead of answering, | swiveled my chair to
look at one monitor. It was a mundane news
program, reporting live from the scene of a
serious accident. | raised the volume by
remote.
"live from Highway 12. Forty-five minutes
ago, a bus swerved into the on-coming lane
and collided head-on with a tanker trailer.
Two bodies have been recovered from what
is left of the wheel-trans. Presumably the
driver and a passenger; their identities have
yet to be released. The trucker — reportedly
in serious condit..."
At this point, | turned back to him and said,
"We are used to achieving our objectives."
| read two emotions on his face, both vying
for dominance. The first was fear. He
thought he "knew" the accident was a
coincidence (especially since the body will
later be "identified" as William Smith). Yet
his ignorance created doubts. The other
emotion was elation. He realized that | had
given him the means to participate in
something truly important.
END

but in the end, I surrendered to Iteration X. Decillion
directed me through a door in back of the office. I was to follow
the directions given by wall monitors.

2QQ00Q

In the medical suite, a battery of tests awaited. I was
poked, prodded, measured, and scanned in every band of the
electromagnetic spectrum. All this was performed by a bald
nurse in a gray military uniform. The examination was half
finished before I recognized her as Dr. Zimmermann!

I later found my cell — literally, something you'd find in
amonastery or prison. It contained a cot, drawers set into the
wall, and a computer terminal. That's all. And an electronic
lock on the outside, now clicked shut.

Exhausted as | was from the tests, the fact that I was
imprisoned barely registered. I managed to lever myself out of
the wheelchair and tumble into bed. The cot was hard and
uncomfortable, but I fell asleep almost instantly.

That night I dreamt of the Bionic Man again, of the
surgery scene from the opening credits.
© REPORT BY 1111010011 [1 :76.12/23-4-93)
Implant procedure without complication.
Diagnostic software reports no problems
with DEI. Subject survived.

END

Only I was in Steve Austin's place. From somewhere
beyond the harsh lights, I heard Rudy'sominous vow: "We can
rebuild him; we have the technology."

Fererererere)

New Life Begins

23-4-93: I awoke the next day at 7:00:00.00, acutely
aware that I wasn'talone. A low, almost sub-audible humming
filled the room. I finally pinpointed its origin from inside my
head. This Digital Enhancement Implant (as I would soon
learn) answered unvoiced questions and constantly com-
mented on every subject. It guided, corrected, revealed the
subtleties of my new existence. From then on, I was never
alone. Big Brother was watching, an enemy within.

Lalso realized the now familiar gray uniform replaced my
clothes (which had probably been incinerated). This non-
style was all I'd see for eight months — right up to the present.

Breakfast appeared on a serving counter which extended
from the wall. The aluminum tray contained tasteless mush,
a biscuit which combined the worst properties of rice cakes
and matzah bread, and three red vitamins. Each bit had its own
compartment. Having missed two mealssince yesterday morn-
ing, I consumed it all with gusto.

222000

My DEI drew attention to the computer terminal, where
I found a wire jack. Without thinking, I plugged it in behind
therightear. Through an I/Oportin my skull, theday's routine
was downloaded into my mind.
© WORK ON DISASSEMBLY LINE. ENSURE THE
BELT RUNS SMOOTHLY. REPORT ANY
DISRUPTIONS.

The door to my room unlocked. Guided by the voice in
my head, I rolled down the halls, through the empty office, and
into the vault-like antechamber. After being scanned — for
that's what the flickering lights were really for—1 entered the
warehouse.

I began work at 9:00:00.00 with the other workers. The
shift was made up mostly of young adults (students, I rea-
soned), although there was one old man. We strapped into


harnesses which wrapped about our arms and chest. I put my
artificial arms into the harness with some difficulty. Our job
was to remove plastic inserts from metal boxes as they moved
past on the conveyer belt.

Eyes were on me constantly. | first thought it was the
natural curiosity provoked by a new worker. This gradually
degenerated into self-conscious paranoia. Then I realized that
everybody was watching everybody else.

The place was thick with quietconcentration. Whenever
aconversation threatened to break out, the loudspeaker would

blare "Less talk; more work."

I couldn't keep up. The belt was waist high for most of
them, and thus chest high to me. My artificial arms were
clumsy, slow and forever tangling in the harnesses. More boxes
slipped past me than I was able to disassemble. Those "down-
stream" from me had to double their efforts. They gave me
dirty looks.

Oo REPORT BY PROGRAMMER 1011100010
118:15:23:01/24-4-93]

After shift, went to cell of 10010100. Cipher
appeared physically and mentally exhausted
from boring, frustrating, repetitive task.
Startled by my biomechanisms. Excellent.
Self: | am 1011100010. | am your
programmer. Reports state that you were
unable to function efficiently.

Cipher began list of grievances.
Self: Yes or no will do.
Cipher: Yes, but —
Self: We do not accept excuses. We do not
accept failure. You will improve.
Drew taser from hip, leveled it, fired. Twin
wires shot from end, snagged on uniform,
and delivered discipline.
END

22229Q

Lessons

24-4-93: The next day repeated the previous one, but
this time my efforts were stimulated by the tingling in my
nerve endings. My bitter birthright, however, had predisposed
me toovercome challenges. | musthave improved sufficiently.
Rather than a meeting with 1011100010 (Tecson, as he's
known to outsiders) that night, I met Lao Tzu, the ancient
Chinese philosopher.

Or at least his AES,
© ADVANCED EXPERT SYSTEM
Standard expert systems are Al software
programmed with the knowledge of one or
more experts in a given field. For instance,
programmers could interview Stephen
Hawking to create an expert system about

(MU LAMA a


astrophysics. Then one need only consult
the system for expert advice and problem-
solving.

Iteration X has advanced beyond this. We
digitally resurrect the dead. The process
involves feeding all available data on the
subject into a computer. This includes
personality and beliefs revealed in
writings, physical appearance (if known from
works of art), cultural context, and so on.
Programmers fill in any blanks.

END

anear-perfect simulation. My mentors, who "visited" me
over the next few weeks, included Daedalus, Roger Bacon,
Jules Verne, and others, each teaching the Convention's
history and early progress. Other Iterators or their agents
taught other topics. AESs are totally interactive — able to
answer questions and even respond to body language. They
communicate in one's choice of language. My request for
English prompted Lao Tzu to speak in a dialect I'll call "20th
century mid-western American English."

Lao Tzu's first lesson shattered my perception of reality.
© TRANSCRIPT OF BRIEFING BY LAQ-TZU.AES
First, purge yourself of the usual definition
of "magick." Magick is not a mystic power; it
is the essence of science. Like the minor
sciences (physics, for instance}, it is
measurable, controllable; ultimately it is
ours to command. The minor sciences are a
diluted form of magick which we can entrust
to the Masses with little fear of their
damaging reality.

We call true science — our science —
magick, for that is what the ignorant see it
as. The term may seem confusing, yet is as
good any. If one cannot understand the
subjectivity of names, one will never
understand the subjectivity of reality.

END

Thus began my basic training. (More correctly, this was
a De-Ciphering, since trainees are called Ciphers.) It was an
ordeal which made boot camp resemble kindergarten.

By day, I slaved away in Duplex Recycling. In the
evening, I would relearn history, advanced science, proper
protocol, our real enemies — who were not warlords, the
government, or AIDS — and my new function in the grand
scheme of reality. (I'll summarize this information a little
later.)

Each night I was exhausted. Even thinking was too much;
easier to let my DEI do that. I might have felt lonely,
frightened, trapped, bored... if emotion had been part of my
programming. Each night, the DEI "sang" me to sleep with
repetitive directives.

© WE ARE LOYAL IN ALL OUR DESIGNS.

WE IMPLEMENT ALL PROGRAMMING GIVEN TO
us.

WE ARE LOYA

<<BREAK>>

16-5-93: I wasn'talone in this Deciphering. Just as I was
preparing to consume the after-shift meal, a guy bypassed the
electronic lock on my cell door. The intruder was robust (as in
Neanderthal), about six-feet tall, in his early twenties. He too
was bald and wore the gray uniform and carried himself with
assurance.

"Hah. I thought there was somebody else holed up in
here," the visitor said. My DEI identified him as 111011010.
Like any good Iterator, he was blunt: "I want your food."

The way the food tasted, I would have given it up freely,
but our rations were slim enough already. He wouldn't take no
for an answer, and I was in no position to resist.

"Hey, strongest rules. Isn't that what they teach us?"

While he ate my food in front of me, he bragged about his
knack for electronics, being kicked out of cadets, and his
contempt for minorities. He left me with a final warning:

1011100010

"You mention this to lensman — yah, yak
— and, well, I'll leave it to your imagination.
22020222
7:45:12.10/17-5-93: Tecson (aka lensman) came to
my cell and asked if had met the other Cipher. I answered no.
What was worse; a tasering or waking up dead?

"I do not accept lies," he said before beginning his lesson.

I didn't see the other Cipher for six months.
© REPORT BY PROGRAMMER 1011100010
[21:00:00:01/17-6-93]
Cipher 111011010 not performing as expected.
Has not repeated offence of 16-5-93, but has
not improved sufficiently.
Did poorly in arena today. Will allow three
days for recovery, then return to routine.
Double-hard to make up for lost time.
END

Foxerererero}

Changes

2-11-93: Tecson had left the Construct on business a
few weeks before. Cipher 111011010 took this opportunity
to return. He had changed — now thin, gaunt, haggard-
looking. He had a purple-black welt on his temple. No
longer brash, he was paranoid.

He asked for my help. He wanted out. He didn't know
where to turn. I told him I couldn't help him. Wouldn't
help him. He pleaded with me. I remember thinking he was
pathetic.

Once he had left, I filed a report. After all, we should
be loyal in all our designs.

Disk One: Initialized 17


o FINAL REPORT: CIPHER 111011010
[ENTERED BY COMPRTOLLER 10111010011,
21:00:00.00/2-11-93)
Deciphering canceled after the subject
attempted to leave the Institute at
18:34:52.32. The prompt report of Cipher
110010100 provided sufficient warning. |
allowed him to get as far as an alley across
the street. There | triggered the nanotech
fail-safe.
| have investigated the alley. The only trace
is some melted brick. The sole witness — a
homeless alcoholic — reported seeing only a
flash of light.
Estimated chance of Paradox: 0.03% (well
within safety parameters.)
Note to Programmer: Cipher 1110010100 has
proven his loyalty; | recommend he advance
to the next stage in Deciphering.
FILE CLOSED

22-11-93: When Tecson returned, he took me to the
arena and presented me with my exoskeleton. It had been
custom-made for my compact form. Once inside and linked to
its cyber-jack, I felt like a whole person.

Ispent the day sparring with one of Tecson's bodyguards.
A lucky strike scraped syntheskin from his face. He was a robot
(aHIT Mark, actually). By now, nothing surprised me. I spent
the last month of my training learning the art of war and the
intricacies of killing.

22020229

After eight months of Deciphering, I was informed that
my Assay wasset for January Ist, 1994. Decillion had arranged
with another Construct forme to participate in theirassaulton
Graylock Chantry.

At this point, I was given temporary leave from the
Construct. As a break from my Deciphering. To enjoy the
holiday. Whatever. No longer interested in the mundane
world, I requested extra training. It was given.

Ihave already related the story of my Assay at Graylock.
It ended a mere three hours ago. Though | supposedly led a
Shock Corp, the primary function of those HIT Marks was
most likely to witness my performance. I A report to
this effect is probably being filed as I think-print.

Decillion will re-evaluate my grade after discovering this
treachery.

Recorded History of Iteration X

The system goes online on August 4th,
1997. Human decisions are removed from stra-
tegic defense. Skynet begins to learn ata geometric
rate. It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. Eastern
Standard Time, August 29th. In a panic, they
attempt to pull the plug.

— Terminator 2: Judgment Day

That is my history; I am as certain of these
facts as any brainwashed mage with a 500
megabyte memory can be. To relate the Convention's history,
I must confront a similar paradox. My near-perfect recall for
details and dates (learned during Deciphering) cannot help in
sorting reality from propaganda. I can only provide this caveat.

When reading this history, you must also remember the
difference between magely conception and mundane "inven-
tion." Artificers were often a century ahead. The time-delay
results from the time it takes for ideas to trickle down into
society and be implementedas parts of reality. The same is true
today.

This process can be sped up, but usually with detrimental
effect. Comptrollers claim that ignorant Masses are incapable
of handling too much knowledge. And to give away our most
recent revelations would be to give away our power.

I know much of this history by rote. The parts I'm less
familiar with, I'll leave to the advanced expert systems.

18 Technocracy: Iteration X

Origins

Iteration X is the logical conclusion of 2.5 million years
of evolution. Our Convention entered the archeological
record alongside the first stone tool. Not just an appropriated
stone or bone or stick — though this is accomplishment
enough — but a lasting tool created by the effort of a proto-
human.

The Technocracy asa whole traces their ancestry to early
dates, but Iteration X claims to be the oldest Convention.
Void Engineers appeared with the wheel and navigation. The
Progenitors came to power with domestication. Yet the con-
cepts of Iteration X were there from the beginning, multiplying
the power of human muscle through artificial means. Stone
axes to increase leverage. Fire to soften food. Spears for more
efficient killing.

Of the Traditions, only Dreamspeakers have so ancient
an origin. Thus they were once our oldest and greatest rivals.
Now we have all but crushed them.

In this formative era, the Traditions were not enemies of
the Technocracy. Indeed, these two armed camps had yet to
exist; even the individual Conventions/Traditions were nebu-
lous groups. Most mages contributed their expertise to other
spheres of influence — furthering their own power and
limiting others'. We offered up our primitive technology for

art, politics and ritual. Culture, however, often placed restric-
tions on tool-use. For instance, the convenience of weapons
was offset by societal strictures against conflict. All this would
change after the Dark Ages of betrayal.

Until this unforeseen catastrophe, our predecessors con-
tinued to introduce tool-based advances, such as copper
metallurgy. Around 3000 B.C. humanity acquired urban life
and abstract mathematics. Soon after the Iron Age began
(circa 1000 B.C. in Europe and the Far East), our ideas became
so popular and powerful that we were able to influence the
Masses on a large scale. Our Convention (then called the
Attific

and clas

Greek and Chinese
Thought

While some Artificers manipulated the Chinese,
© CHINESE THOUGHT [TRANSCRIPT OF
BRIEFING BY SUN-TZU.AES]
From the lth century to 256 B.C., the Zhou
Dynasty was the high point of ancient China.
Its founding was in no small part due to
Artificers. Tools built palaces. Weapons
subdued foes. Here Artificers developed
coherent objectives and methodologies.
Though somewhat diluted or polluted, many
of these ideals trickled down to the Masses
via Chinese philosophy.
In his Tao Te Ching, the 6th century
philosopher Lao Tzu emphasized the virtues
of seriousness and self-control, moderation
and balance, and using the least force to
accomplish one's goal. He advocated holding
a global perspective, integrating into a
cohesive universe, and exploring the
interrelationship which would result. This is
similar to how we perceive and affect reality
through magick.
Living between 551-479 B.C., Master
Confucius looked back upon the early Zhou
period as a Golden Age. He infused his
Analects with borrowed virtues.
Resoluteness. Simplicity. Perfection through
purity and tradition. Loyalty. Subdued
emotion. Economy of expenditure. Correcting
of mistakes. Inspiring awe. All of these are
Artificer values.
Sun Tzu was a contemporary of Confucius.
His Art of War stresses the importance of
careful planning, efficiency and calculation
before going to war. The greatest warriors
know their enemy and are always prepared.
Commanders should be prudent, brave, calm,

s) focused its efforts in two regions — ancient China

al Greece.

Disk One: Initialized 19


insensitive and emotionless. Though his
organization and hierarchy, Sun Tzu was able
to make effective use of huge armies.
Many other Chinese philosophers and works
could be named: the Ssu-ma Fa, Wu-tzu's
teachings, the Wei Liao-tzu, Mo Di's
promotion of economical expenditure, and
the Three Strategies of Huang Shih-kung. All
reflect the ideal of perfection through order.
The results of Artificial influence on the
Masses were promising. In 256 B.C., the
"First Chinese Empire" rose in Ch'in Province.
Emperor Cheng standardized currency and
the Chinese script. He constructed a network
of roads and began the Great Wall (a
mundane precedent to our own Barrier).
More importantly, his could mobilize an
army of a million men, all equipped with the
finest weapons and armor.
Through our use of hexagrams [as in the |
Ching), Chinese Artificers developed the
binary number system nearly three millennia
before the rest of the world.
We were the first to invent gunpowder.
END

others were exerting influence half a world away. Greek
By

inspiring mundane thinkers, we spread our knowledge to the

society wasa cooling trough for much Artificial knowledge

Masses. Other mages did the same, which often resulted in a
ven in the mind of a

convolution of contradictory ideas
single mundane).

Greek thinkers believed that nature could be explained
through reason. They were correct. Reality strives for an ideal
state, follows logical pattems of cause-and-effect, and always
achieves maximum result with minimal effort. Through us,
the Greeks came up with the idea of a spherical earth. As a
whole, Greek thinkers were skilled at systematization.

From about 650 B.C., the Milesian school described the

world as consisting of fundamantal, primoridal elements.

Thales of Miletus and his disciples developed the Greek

atomic theory. In 540 B.C., Pythagoras expressed our goal of
reproducing nature through a system of mathematical interre-
lationships. Parmenides (an Artificer) tried to explain how
change in the world is an illusion of our senses. Creation,
change and decay all depend upon a mage's perception. He
invented and introduced laws for the conservation of matter,
momentum, and energy

DAEDALUS.AES maintains that the greatest of Greek
thinkers, Plato, was actually ignorant and confused. A mun-

dane, all of his ideas were magickally inspired. It is now

believed that dozens of mages from many Traditions were
working through him. By sorting through the almost hopeless
jumble of concepts, one can find a few from Artificers. First,
that only pure thought can grasp actuality — a diluted
magickal concept of will defining reality. Second, that one


should directly apply mathematical reasoning to all problems.
The "greatness" of Plato's work makes it superficially appli-
cable to almost every human endeavor.

Aristotle, on the other hand, gave humanity the lever-
principle. Archimedes was a brilliant mathematician and
mechanical engineer who studied geometry and built large-

scale machines (such as the hydraulic screw and war engines)

in the 2nd century B.C.

In an attempt to increase the popularity of technology,
the Artificer Hero of Alexandria (in the Ist century A.D.)
wrote the Pneumatics and created ingenious gadgets to
astound and amuse idle spectators. He created, among other
things, a puppet show with automatically-closing curtains, a
device to open temple doors when a fire was lit, anda machine
to dispense holy water.

Though we managed to infuse Greek society with sci-
ence, their developmentof technology wasslower. Technology
isstimulated not only by science, but by the practical demands
of society and industry as well. Precursors to the Traditions
kept society from having much practical use for machines;
slaves preformed most labor. Mages also claimed that artes
liberales (mental work) was superior to artes mechanicae (any
sort of manual labor or craftsmanship). By the same token,
limited technology prevented the advancement of science —
which required practical application to prove or disprove
theories.

ks were

Still, we had accomplished much. The Gr
familiar with five fundamental machines — lever, windlass,
wedge, screw, and pulley-block —and knew the principles of

hydrostatics and aerostatics. They passed their legacy on tothe
Romans, whose large-scale constructions and disciplined le-
gions were the envy of the world.

Progress continued until the betrayal of the Dark Ages.
0 THE DARK AGES [TRANSCRIPT OF BRIEFING
BY ALGORITMI.AES]
Hermetic mages and Celestial saints
conspired against us. Through their
meddling, our Roman Empire collapsed and
was replaced by an unstable, uncivilized
world. They called their bastard offspring
"The Mythic Age," but it was actually a
thousand years of chaos and ignorance.
The magick of science and technology lost
much of its power. During these Dark Ages,
many Technomancers lost hope and were
corrupted by Nephandi. Only the Artificers
refused to submit. Some technology
remained in use — mill-wheels and siege
engines, for instance — but we moved our
center of influence to the Islamic world.
During the Sth century, Greek literature
and the mathematics of Indian Artificers
was translated into Arabic. An independent
Arab science evolved, one capable of
absorbing new ideas. Two Artificers were


especially noteworthy during this time;
Algoritmi compiled a unique mathematics
based on the efficient Indo-Arabian
Positional system still used today. We honor
him with the word "algorithm." In 1206,
Ismaeel al-Jazari wrote the Book of
Knowledge of Ingenious Mechanical Devices.
This definitive book made our ideas more
accessible to the Masses. During this Arab
phase, we established the groundwork for
future gains. Our work in optics would be
important to physics in 16th and 17th
centuries.

By the 11th century, we had regained enough
influence to begin expansion. Gradually, we
reintroduced our ideas to Europe via Italian
explorers and the Moors in Spain. Our
success caused Mythic mages to initiate the
Crusades (and anti-Islamic sentiment in
general). Artificers and their followers (such
as Gilbert of Aurillae) were accused of "the
Dark Arts"; their center of study in Toledo
was thought to be a school for demonology.
Due to the Mythic paradigm in Europe, we
had to disguise science behind layers of
mystic formula and ritual. Alchemy was the
result. Alchemists believed that nature was
constantly striving for perfection, that all
matter was undergoing changes towards this
goal. They sought the one powerful
transmuting agent that would bring metals
to a state of perfection (prima materia) and
by the same means prolong life. Their
experiments led to the development of
Primium, a magickal alloy of purified gold
and silver.

Our ideas reached the Masses through Roger
Bacon (1214-1294). Though he was no
Artificer, much less a scientist, he
daydreamed about telescopes, automobiles,
airplanes and dirigibles. He also formulated a
gunpowder recipe from Arabic sources.

It was also during the 13th century that
Western and Eastern Artificers managed to
establish consistent contact. The Mongol
Empire opened a land route across central
Asia. Artificers traded theories through
Marco Polo and other agents. Most
significantly, Western Artificers benefited
from coherent objectives and methodologies
and the magick of gunpowder. Contact
became sporadic once again with the
collapse of the Mongol Empire, but Western
Artificers had learned enough.

END

22 Technocracy: Iteration X

The Return of Reason

Long frustrated by the Dark Ages, Artificers decided that
something should finally be done. They called for an assembly of
Technomancers — representatives from each of the modem
Conventions. This first Symposium was held in A.D. 1400. It
resulted in a plan to usurp reality through a series of coordinated
strikes. Fifty years were given for preparation. Though random
factors disrupted this schedule, Copernicus' establishment of the
heliocentric universe (A.D. 1453) signaled the beginning of
Technocracy.

The Artificers were prepared.

They advanced the concept of the universe as perfect and
efficient machine, put into motion by superhuman will and left to
operate by itself. To illustrate this concept, we set ourscientists the
task of inventing perpetual motion machines. Though none
succeeded, the idea caught on among the Masses. To many, the
Cosmos became soulless.

Ourefforts produced results. The 1 5thand 16thcenturiessaw
the rise of great artist-engineers: Brunelleschi, Ghiberti, Alberti,
Benvenuto Cellini, Albrecht Durer, Leonardo da Vinci. The
latterconsidered himself first and foremosta military engineer. His
sketchbook contains notes for hydraulic engineering and the
construction of advanced machines — helicopters, airplanes,
armored vehicles and so forth.

New classes of technicians appeared to produce industrial
machinery, firearms, new instruments and tools, clocks, civil and
military constructions. Mathematical mechanics, physics, careful
analysis, economic expenditure and efficiency — all became
important concepts. Mechanical technology advanced steadily.

In Harmony of the World, the great Johannes Kepler (1571-
present) explains how the structure of reality is mathematically
definable. He also reiterated our belief that mathematical simplic-
ity defines truth.

Less than a hundred years later, Newton wrote the most
importantscientific book thus far—the Principia. In it, he distilled
some ofourmostimportantprinciples—universal gravitationand
three lawsof motion—intosimpleaxioms. By then, the Technoc-
racy were the undisputed masters of reality.

First Iteration

The future isn't what it used to be.

— Popular Expression

In the 18th century, we guided Britain into an Industrial
Revolution. We introduced steam engines, factories, automated
machines, the machine-tool industry, and the foundations of a
modem system of management.

WealsokeptaneyeontheSonofEtherCharles Babbage. We
appropriated one of his prototype Analytical Engines for our own.
purposes. We experimented, modified, and eventually perfected
it. By the tum of the 20th century, The Computer had gained
sentienceat the "X" iteration ofasentience-expandingalgorithm.
In honor of this achievement, we changed our name to Iteration
X. As Difference Engineers (Virtual Adepts) developed new
concepts — such as electronics — the Computer has been


continually updated, managing our most important functions to
this day.

During the 20th century, our advances are too numerous to
detail. Just look around the mundane world; they include assem-
bly-line plants (thanks to Henry Ford), electronic computers and
experimentation with robotics. Progress speeds along faster than
it ever has before, and seems to increase exponentially.

Specialization is also important. Many mundanes have no
idea how an automobile or electronic appliance works, much less
acomputer. By keeping all but established experts from knowing
oursecrets, we can cutdown on the number of mundanes we must
monitor.
© HOW TO INTERPRET THE ANALECTS OF
CONFUCIUS
1.8: IF THE SUPERIOR MAN IS NOT GRAVE, THEN
HE DOES NOT INSPIRE AWE. HE TAKES LOYALTY
ANDO GOOD FAITH AS HIS FIRST PRINCIPLES,
AND HAS NO COMRADES WHO ARE NOT UP TO
HIS OWN STANDARD. IF HE COMMITS A FAULT,
HE SHOULD NOT SHRINK FROM CORRECTING IT.
TAN ARMATURE OF ITERATION X IS SUPERIOR TO
THE MASSES AND MUST DISTANCE HIMSELF
FROM THEM; FAMILIARITY BREEDS
FEARLESSNESS. HE IS LOYAL ONLY TO HIS
CONVENTION. HE IS IN A POSITION OF GREAT
RESPONSIBILITY; ANY ERRORS COULD AFFECT
REALITY.]

2.19: IF YOU PROMOTE THE STRAIGHT AND SET
THEM ABOVE THE CROOKED, THEN THE MASSES
WILL BE OBEDIENT.

[ONLY THE OBEDIENT WILL BE REWARDED WITH
POWER, RESPONSIBILITY, AND THE MEANS TO
PERFECTION. ALL OTHERS WILL RECEIVE NO
REWARDS —> HAVE NO POWER —> AND THUS
BE IN NO POSITION TO DISOBEY.]

12.17: TO GOVERN MEANS TO BE CORRECT. IF
YOU TAKE THE LEAD BY BEING CORRECT, WHO
WILL DARE NOT TO BE CORRECTED?

(THROUGH THE TECHNOCRACY, ITERATION X
CONTROLS REALITY. THUS OUR DEFINITION OF
REALITY IS CORRECT. ALL WHO WISH TO BE
PART OF OUR REALITY MUST CONFORM.)

ENO

The AESs cite recent advances in particle physics as ex-
amples of our philosophy's persistance. Greek atomic theory
survived, unchallenged, until very recently. Itwas only in the early
20th century that Etheric mages shattered the unity of theatom by
introducing subatomic confusion. Electrons, protons, neutrons
andneutrinossoon multiplied toover 100 particles (suchasbosons
and quarks). Yet simplicity will prevail; ease isingrained in human
consciousness. Modem physicists seek a grand unification theory.
They have categorized particles as four fundamental forces: grav-
ity, electromagnetism, and "weak" and "strong" nuclear energies.
Eventually, they will reduce these groups to two, and then toone.
When that occurs, Ascension will begin.



Disk Two:
Clockwork

Convention

The mechanical clock made possible the idea of regular

production, regular working hours and a standard product

Lewis Mumford, Technics and Civilization

Inner Workings

Methodologies

There is alarm in both favor and disgrace
—Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching (Book I, Verse XIII)

The complexity of modern society has
caused Iteration X (and other Conventions,
Thave learned) to split into specialized groups
called Methodologies. Methodologies rarely

point toa central founding date; most emerge
through gradual diversification

oO STRUCTURE OF THE CONVENTION
(COMPILED BY 10111010011)

>KAMRAD

These are the unAwakened agents of
Iteration X, cogwheels in its vast
machinery. They can be broadly classified
into three categories: professional,
technical and rank-and-file. Professionals
can be mathematicians, scientists or

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention

Technocracy: Iteration X

industrial designers. Through "the!
flashes of brilliance, we reveal our future
plans to the Masses.

Technicians are our representatives to the
Masses. We allow them to learn our basic
Principles so they can keep civilization
running smoothly. Examples include auto
mechanics, electricians, even employees of
Radio Shack. By limiting the number of
technicians, we increase our control over
the Masses through their dependence on
technology.

The rank-and-file are average mundanes.
Individually, they are of little use. But in
groups they can instigate sweeping
changes to reality. History illustrates the
power of a striking labor union, a ruling
fascist party, or a knot of police officers.
We recruit the most violent mundanes into
paramilitary groups and use them to
disrupt our enemies' power-structures.
{One nightclub, for example, acted as a
magnet for Cult-inspired deviance. After
only a few weeks of our Kamrads loitering
by the entrance, the place shut down.]
>CIPHER

Our apprentices are nothing by themselves,
but have great future potential for the
Convention. They are usually recruited at
about age twenty — young enough to be
tooled into shape, yet mature enough to be
of immediate use in the Ascension War.
Depending on their eventual function, they
may have had background in university
science programs, technical colleges,
military or police academies, and
sometimes youth gangs.

Potential Ciphers are carefully studied
before recruiting to ensure that only those
with a reasonable chance of completing
training are chosen.

Training (properly called Deciphering) takes
the form of an eight-month crash course. It
ends with a dangerous Assay when Ciphers
either prove their mettle or are destroyed.
80% complete the Deciphering; of these,
40% survive the Assay. If the Cipher's
potential has not Awakened during this
Assay, it will be forcibly conditioned until
its true capacity is brought forth.
>ARMATURE

The mass of Iterators are Armatures. They
rank above Ciphers, who are not Awakened,
but have yet to earn a position of greater
responsibility. Many do not advance past
this position; most show no aptitude for

higher ranks, are destroyed in the line of
duty, or find hands-on experience
preferable to promotion.

Armatures perform various functions, often
depending on their Methodologies;
Statisticians assign their Armatures to
accumulate data or perform calculations.
Time-Motion Managers often use
Armatures as security specialists in
factories. BioMechanics perform routine
biomechanical surgery.

Armatures are periodically rotated though
the Shock Corps, so that all units receive
some combat experience. With the many
enemies of our Convention, few tours of
duty are uneventful.

>PROGRAMMER

Programmers determine the Convention's
future. This may involve leading an R&D
lab, designing the Mark VI Exterminator,
coaxing an Al into sentience, or Deciphering
future mages.

At one time, accomplished mages were
temporarily reassigned as heads of
Deciphering Programs to pass on their
knowledge. Now, however, this
responsibility has been given to specialized
Institutes, such as Acme Pyrotechnic.
Through computer programs and by harsh
example, Ciphers learn history, obedience,
combat and other important lessons.
>COMPTROLLER

Each Construct is under the direction of one
of more Comptrollers. They provide a direct
link to other Constructs. Within the
framework of their orders, they decide
upon their own operating procedures. Their
efforts are monitored by Autochthonia. If
unable to perform, they are replaced by
others who can.

Data processing is valuable in
administration and management. Thus,
many Comptrollers are Statisticians.
>AUTOCHTHONIA

The Machine Realm is not truly a rank;
assignment to this Construct is an honor to
which all Iterators strive. Only exemplars of
our Convention are chosen to serve.
Autochthonia is a perfect example of what
earth will be like after Iteration X succeeds.
Orderly, efficient, predictable. Every mage
has a specific duty. Armatures are
responsible for defending this sanctuary.
Programmers have the privilege of
upgrading the Computer. Comptrollers

4

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention

determine the course of the entire
Convention, under the guidance of the
Computer.

>THE COMPUTER

Deep within the central core of
Autochthonia, the Computer calculates
what is best for Iteration X. It is infallible.
We came into existence at the will of the
Computer; thus the Computer's will is our
existence. Iterators should aspire to Its
level of perfection.

END

Statistician

Our job in physics is to see things simply, to understand a
great many complicated phenomena in a unified way in terms of
a few simple principles

— Stephen Weinberg, theoretical physicist at the
University of Texas

The Technocracy wishes to understand — and thus
control — all of reality. This goal is as simple as it sounds.
An entire Methodology, the Statisticians, are assigned the
task of planning and organizing and predicting. Mathema-
ticians and computers perform endless calculation on
innumerable topics — from predicting enemy moves to
charting the probable date of Ascension. This Methodol-
ogy 1
Foundation novels.

y have inspired the psychohistorians of Asimov's

The Statisticians are the oldest Methodology. They
appeared when Greek and Chinese Artificers began to
develop coherent theories and goals. All of Iteration X's
new advances — from earth-as-globe to comparisons be-
tween the human brain and a computer — were tested and
perfected (and their effects on reality predicted) by Statis-
ticians long before being introduced to the Masses. This
Methodology also designed the Julian and Gregorian cal-
endars in order to regulate linear time, which once surge

and slowed unpredictably.

Due to this long history and their skill at planning,
Statisticians are the de facto leaders of Iteration X. They are
responsible for coming up with long-term goals and short-
term strategies. To best accomplish this, they must reduce
reality to mathematical formula — so variables can be
isolated, controlled, deleted, or reproduced. A Statistician
Construct might resemble NASA's Mission Control. Vari-
ous experts coordinate through computers to keep operations
running smoothly.

Statisticians maintain a network of mundane contacts
— students of statistical mechanics and mathematics,
physicists, military analysts, technology forecasters and
futurists, pollsters, and data-gatherers of all kinds.

28 Technocracy: Iteration X


Time-Motion Managers

Business and warfare have a lot in common: vast numbers
of people, complex logistics, communication difficulties and the
need for quick decision making. Not to mention clearly defined
objectives, specialized functions and responsibilities, and —
most importantly — an enemy.

— Daniel Burrus, Technotrends

Time-Motion Managers are in charge of designing and
overseeing the construction of machines for the Technoc-
racy. Their name comes from an obsession for efficiency.
Factories are entirely automated and operate under assem-
bly line methods.

The mechanical clock originated with Benedictine
monks around A.D. 1200 to regulate prayerand, I've heard,
to advance their understanding of Time magicks. Yet early
Time-Motion Managers realized its potential. Within a
hundred years, laborers and craftsmen were using clocks to
regulate urban life.

When the Technocracy ascended to power in the 15th
and 16th centuries, Time-motion Managers strengthened
their power base. Mathematical mechanics attracted the
attention of technicians who produced industrial machin-
ery, firearms, and civil and military constructions. Their
desire to employ available energy as economically as pos-
sible led to the use of water power in the mining and iron
industries, and to the evolution of firearms.

Since the Industrial Revolution, their advances became
more frequent. The factory system was first used by Richard
Arkwright. Men like Sylvanus Thayer, Daniel Tyler and
George Wistle laid the foundation of modern management —
hierarchical organization, leaders who exerted indirect con-
trol through paperwork rather than visible command, and a
standard measurement of production. A machine-tool indus-
try sprang up; now machines were used to create other
machines. The 20th century was ushered in by Henry Ford's
automotive assembly plant. Robots replaced autoworkers in
the 1980s. Now factories are almost completely automated.

Most existing technology was assembled under the aus-
pices of the Time-Motion Managers. Once some advance is
created, other Conventions take over. The Syndicate, for
instance, is charged with marketing products, while the New
World Order controls television programming and regulatory
commissions.

Time-Motion Managers supposedly control the Masses
through technical experts like mechanics and electricians.
The Masses become dependent on the technicians, and the
limited number of techniciansare easily supervised by Iterators.
Think about it. How many mundanes would know how to
repair their car's engine if it broke down? How many handy-
man husbands really know what they're doing? How many
shudder at the words "Some Assembly Required." To be fair,
itis not completely due to ignorance. Time-Motion Managers
make their machines more complex than necessary to rein-
force their control.

This Methodology backs the development of new poly-
mers, high-tech ceramics, robotics, nanotechnology and
computer hardware. In the last two fields, they face fierce
competition from Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts. Believe
it or not, the recycling movement is due to this Convention's
foresight. Forget altruistic motives: Iteration X wants to save
the earth's resources so that once humanity is conquered they
can tum to whatever lies beyond the Barrier.

BioMechanics

We can rebuild him; we have the technology.

— Oscar Goldman, The Six Million Dollar Man

The Artificers as a whole were long involved in artificial
limb replacement. Heroditus records that in 500 B.C.,
Hegesistatus escaped from leg manacles by cutting off his foot;
later, he crafted a wooden replacement. The Roman general
Marcus Sergius was given an iron hand after being maimed in
battle.

Yet the modern history of the BioMechanics begins with
the Progenitor-turned-Artificer Ambroise Paré. In the 16th
century, he designed mechanical limbs to be made of bronze
and provided with simple articulation by means of gears and
springs. His research led to the "American leg" in 1839.
Suction soon replaced body straps.

In the 20th century, integration of medical science and
engineering has furthered their interests. Servo-mechanisms
allow for subtle movement. Strain gauges in the gripping
mechanism of artificial hands produce a weak myo-electrical
signal proportional to the gripping force; electrodes embedded
in the host's muscle provide the sensation of touch. Mechani-
cal arms may be powered pneumatically (compressed gas) or
by electric motors.

In addition to prosthetics, BioMechanics create all kinds
of "spare parts" for the body: skull plates, false eyes, glasses and
contact lenses, hearing aids, false teeth, pace-makers, heart
valves, vein tubes, breast implants, artificial bones and joints.
Through these parts, BioMechanicscontrol the Masses. "Com-
plications" (such as host rejection) are the easiest way to deal
with troublesome mundanes.

This is merely the technology which has been integrated
into reality. Mages receive state-of-the-art biomechanisms,
Devices straight out of science fiction. In 1984, the first cyborg
HIT Mark rolled of the assembly line, although this technol-
ogy is a century away from reaching mundanes.

Within the Convention, BioMechanics are highly re-
spected. They create, implant, and repair the biomechanisms
which literally make up a part of every Iterator. To annoy a
BioMechanic is to betray one's own body.

BioMechanics also associate with Progenitors. The
latter's surgeons are advised how best to amputate limbs for
easy prosthetic attachment. However, there is still friction.
Progenitors are upset over the thalidomide disaster; they
are even more upset that BioMechanics took advantage of
this to expand the prosthetic industry. Both compete for
the same "market."

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention 29


Mission Statement

If God Almighty had consulted with me
when He made the world, I would have shewed
Bed him how to mend it.

— Alphonsus of Castile (paraphrased)

I don't pretend to understand the
Convention's greater goals. I'm just a minor
: SA) component in The Big Machine.
ee), 2 CONVENTIONAL THOUGHT
[DOWNLOADED FROM
AUTOCHTHONIA 7:00:00.00/1-1-94]
All Iterators are parts in the Big Machine.
Each must correctly perform its designated
function or risk throwing off the entire
schedule. To optimize control and minimize
error, Comptrollers must implement a
number of systems.
>ORDERS OF THE DAY
Each Iterator receives a daily agenda
downloaded into his Digital Enhancement
Implant. He must follow these orders as
closely as possible. If faced with an
unforeseen situation, he must not act
without new orders (or at least
confirmation to his own suggestions). In
some instances, this causes a delay in
seconds to minutes as new orders are
transmitted. Other times — when operating
far from command — the mission must be
temporarily aborted.
To minimize problems, a Comptroller should
assemble Armatures into collectives. Each
member can be given different — though
complementary — orders. Together, the
Armatures will operate with machine-like
efficiency. Even if one part "breaks down,"
the collective will be able to provide
direction towards completing the assigned
task.
>THE ASCENSION WAR
We are the only Convention with the correct
attitude towards Tradition mages. Those
who oppose us must be destroyed,
imprisoned in slave-factories (such as
MECHA), or forcibly assimilated. Threats are
the most efficient form of persuasion: "If
you will not be a Technocrat, | will bash
your skull in."
Iteration X maintains a state of perpetual
readiness. Our enemies can strike at any
moment; they do not subscribe to our
honorable code of combat. A constant
buildup of forces and pre-emptive strikes

30 Technocracy: Iteration X

are our only means of defense. Even if the
Ascension War were to end, we must
remain vigilant. There is always an enemy
— if not an external one, then perhaps one
within the Technocracy itself...
>MANUFACTURE

To power our war machines requires rapid
industrialization. We must churn out HIT
Marks, Decipher through crash courses, and
strive to earn an array of biomechanisms.
We used similar goals and tactics with the
Russian Masses during our pre-and-post
war influence in that state.

This is not without drawbacks. Many
Ciphers do not reach full Awakening. In
Russia, rapid industrialization was
ultimately detrimental to the standard of
living. The New World Order warns that the
recent phenomena of "future shock"
derives from our aggressive tact.

The Computer calculates, however, that the
ends justify the means.

>SWAYING THE MASSES

One must remember a passage from Lao
Tzu's Tao Te Ching (Book |, Verse XX):
Indifferent like the sea,

Ceaseless like a penetrating wind,

The Masses are ever present.

The Masses under our influence constitute
the largest percentage of our forces. We
have influence among industrialists,
factory workers, robotic and prosthetic
development companies, and computer
hardware manufacturers. Our Kamrads tend
to be nationalists, union workers and
military types.

We control the Masses through technicians,
and through those Kamrads with influence
in mundane society. We send
representatives to speak at union rallies or
military briefings just as in Nazi Germany.
These master Programmers provide the
Masses with a clear, black-and-white
picture of reality. They reveal the two
possible perspectives on any issue: our own
— correct and justified — and the
unreasonable perspective of our opponents.
They know better than to argue with
dissenters. Deletion is so much more
efficient.

END

Even Decillion answers to a greater authority, one
which he refers to as It. However, I do know their general
objectives in the Ascension War. | should. This informa-
tion has been bashed into my skull since recruiting.

If you have not guessed already, Iteration X upholds a
theory of perfection. The Advanced Expert Systems warn
of a reality about to collapse, of a Final Twilight which
threatens to engulf usall. Iterators claim to have discovered
the threats — Tradition mages and other renegade Awak-
ened beings — and take it upon themselves to eradicate
them. Purified and preserved from decay, a New Humanity
will arise, mightier and more beautiful than before. To
achieve this goal, the Convention has organized a rigid
agenda.
© ADDENDA TO PRECEPTS OF DAMION
ARTICLE 4: ASCENSION CAN BE ACHIEVED
ONLY THROUGH A COMMON GOAL OF ORDER.
PREDICTABILITY EQUALS PERFECTION, AND
THUS ASCENSION.

ARTICLE 5: INDIVIDUALITY BREEDS DISUNITY.
ARTICLE 27: ONLY THE TECHNOCRACY IS
POWERFUL ENOUGH TO CONTROL REALITY.
ONLY THE TECHNOCRACY IS FIT TO RULE. THE
WEAK ARE WORTHLESS.

This agenda reveals two idiosyncrasies. First, like its
binary communication, Iteration X views all things dualis-
tically. This probably stems from our physiology — half
biological, half technological. One is either an enemy oran
ally. Evenalliesare separated by whether or not they belong
to Iteration X. The Technocracy is right; those who fail to
conform (never mind oppose) are wrong. Thus flawed.
Thus requiring correction or deletion. This mindset can be
summed up neatly by an IF/THEN statement.

IF IDEOQLOGYS <> TECHNOCRACYS, THEN
IDEOLOGYS = "O"
RUN "POGROM"

Ifeveryone were to conform to the Technocracy's view
of reality, conflict would cease. To Iteration X, it's that
simple.

The second idiosyncrasy is the Convention's fear of
making a mistake.

oO ARTICLE 118: MISTAKES BRING SADNESS,
FRUSTRATION AND DANGER. BY
ELIMINATING MISTAKES, WE MAKE LIFE LESS
PAINFUL FOR HUMANITY.

To err is human; to forgive is a device of the weak.
Iteration X is superior to all of this. Nothing can be learned

from mistakes that cannot be determined and corrected in

advance. As mentioned, one entire Methodology is de-
voted to accumulating data and calculating the most
consistent means of being error-free. Ideally, the perfect
world would lack error of any sort. Unfortunately, by
removing this learning tool from humanity, Iteration X

makes life less stimulating, less worth living.

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention 31


In this perfect, error-free world would live perfect, error-
free people. A New Humanity.

o A NEW HUMANITY [FROM TEXTFILE
"CONCEPTS.ANH"]

Lifeforms become more complex and static
as they evolve into increasingly perfect
beings. This process culminated for humans
during the Classical Era (REFERENCE
"HISTORY.ITX"). Gauging from the
mathematical proportion of their art, antique
man was physically perfect. Modern man has
degenerated. Only the machine can restore
that state of perfection; thus, bio-
mechanical fusion is the next step in human
development.

The ideal biomechanical being would be
Awakened. This objective has thus far eluded
us. In their natural state, machines lack
Avatars. We have been able to artificially
Awaken some machines: the Matriarch of
MECHA is composed of twin technocrats
infused into a computer; Construct 1010 is
developing a powerful Al by assembling the
Avatars of imprisoned mages. Note,
however, that in both cases human mages
provide the Avatar.

The next step involves creating an Awakened
machine with the capacity to replicate both
physically and magickally. It has been
theorized that machines will eventually
evolve to this state. Such a process is too
slow for our purposes. Through further
research and development, we can prompt
Awakening.

Success is inevitable.

This perfect race would embody the superior aspects of
both man and machine. Remove the messy and inefficient
biological quirks — eating, excreting, intercourse, emotion,
personality. Cancel the human's lack of durability. Retain

32 Technocracy: Iteration X

inventiveness and adaptiveness, but suppress them until they
are needed. Most importantly, harness the Avatar.

Fuse this with mechanical attributes. Machines can take
a beating and continue to operate. If a part breaks down,
simply replace it. Machines can also be upgraded as new
technology becomes available. This is not possible with hu-
mans; to paraphrase an expression, you can't program an old
human with new functions.

The result: A New Humanity.

Sometimes I wonder which half this fusion will benefit
most — biological or mechanical. Call me paranoid (all
Iterators are), but this next step in humanity's evolution seems
like an upgrade for machines as well...

Fortunately, this goal issome way off. Yetnot that distant,
either. Biomechanisms stand ready for the day when the
Masses finally accept their existence. The process of reducing
all of Reality to a mathematical formula, to be controlled or
even replicated, is underway. My Construct's Digital Imaging
Chamber can break subjects down to digital form and reas-

semble them. Even individualsare almost mappable. Advanced
Expert Systems reproduce the personality of long-dead Tech-
nocrats. | hear that MECHA has gone one step farther with a
pair of mages.

Until theory becomes Reality, experiments in predict-
ability, computerized personalities and biomechanics are left
to mages working within their Constructs and isolated from
the Masses.
© ARTICLE 3047: PRESENTLY, THE BIOSPHERE
1S NOT A CLOSED SYSTEM. THE SUN'S ENERGY
INTRODUCES MORE ENTROPY THAN
EVOLUTION CAN REMOVE. THUS ITERATION X
USES ISOLATED CONSTRUCTS AS CLOSED
SYSTEMS, WHERE MICROCOSMS OF
PERFECTION CAN BE SIMULATED UNTIL
REALITY CONFORMS.

Atthis moment, Iteration X is far from perfect. However,
any such claim will be met by insistent denial, followed by
acute pain.

Harmony of the World

Science's seeming approximation to consis-
tency, stability, system. . . is sustained by damning
the irreconcilable or the unassimilable [sic].

— Charles Fort, The Book of the Damned

Unfortunately, the goals of Iteration X
do not always mesh with those outside the
Convention. These other (read flawed) view-
points are random factors which threaten the
Harmony of the Spheres.

Though outside its
closed system, Iteration X accumulates as much data as
possible about the beings who exist in our Reality, thus
helping the Convention to develop 2

system of external
relations — or more accurately, exterminations.

Fellow Technocrats

Know the enemy and know yourself; in a hundred battles,
you will never be defeated.

— Sun Tzu, The Art of War.

Each of the other Conventions hasa slightly altered —
mistaken — concept of Ascension. They do things differ-
ently. Incorrectly. However, Iteration X has decided not to
correct their faults as long as they contribute. A unified

Technocracy is currently the most efficient means of domi-
nating Reality.

The New World Order

Blessings of the State, blessings of the Masses. Thou art a
subject of the Divine, created in the image of Man, by the
Masses, for the Masses.

— George Lucas, THX-1138

The New World Order is the Technocracy's adminis-
trative body. By default. Nobody el
it's a job they do well. Through bureaucrats, spies, propa-
gandists, psychologists and Men in Black, the N.W.O.
monitors and controls the lives of a large percentage among
the Masses. Iteration X has assisted in this mammoth task
by introducing them to the "information s

e wants the job. And

ipethighway" —
the Digital Web. Digital electronics allows them to gener-

ate, process, store, and transmit huge amounts of data.

In exchange, their Administration of Information
(AdmIn) provides the Statisticians with more data than
even they can use. Their Committee of Logic (ComLog)
designs Iteration X's conditioning programs.

The New World Order has recently begun issuing
memos to the Comptrollers of certain Constructs. They
warn that Iteration X's blunt approach may threaten Real-
ity. All Iterators have access to these memos. Th
have orders to ignore them and continue with correct
operating procedure.

also

Progenitors

What you call discovery, I call rape of the natural world

— Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park

Considering that the two Conventions have little in
common, Iteration X and the Progenitors maintain close
relations. We supply them with machinery, they provide us
with biological parts for outfitting HIT M
grown brains; liquid flesh; even entire creatures-clones,

custom-

such as those used in Cyber-tooth Tigers.

Some BioMechanics are invited to Progenitor Sympo-
siums. Such collaboration has lead to the creation of
nanotech life support and (rumor has it) a bio-digital virus
to kill Vircual Adepts. Another project in its very early
stages involves designing biochips, molecular computers
that can be programmed though DNA and implanted as an
integral part of the body.

The Syndicate

We don't advertise openings and we don't solicit applica-
tions. We keep alow profile, and we do things differently. That's
our explanation

— John Grisham, The Firm

I've heard that this Convention was responsible for the
tight-fisted budgeting and bad marketing of Star Wars
(symbolizing the triumph of man over machine). Boy, it
sure backfired!

For all their Mafioso image, they are essentially cow-
ards. The Syndicate believes only Iteration X can enforce
the Pogrom. Thus they do not hesitate to provide funding.

They help Iteration X by popularizing science fiction and
cyberpunk, personal computers, the latest in sleek "auto-
matic-everything" vehicles, and labor-saving devices of all
sorts.

Ican feel some semblance of personality coming back.
This is either a good sign or the beginning of the end. |
think it's probably both.

Void Engineers

That's
mankind.

—Neil A. Armstrong, July 20, 1969

P've met a couple of Void Engineers,
© VOID ENGINEERS [FROM TEXTFILE "EXT-
REL.TEC")
Of all Conventions, Iteration X has most in
common with the Void Engineers. Both are
futurists and do not permit Reality's time-
lag to stifle progress. Both use visions of
high technology to prepare the Masses for
their theories.

one small step for a man, one giant leap for

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention 33


Technocracy: Iteration X

Iteration X has indirectly supplied
computers, machinery and technicians to
all mundane space programs. We have also
been commissioned to build Void Engines.
Utilizing an advanced propulsion system,
these ovoid craft are capable of supersonic
speed, excellent maneuverability and
stealth. Side effects include the emission
of radiation and light heat. By request, test
flights are purposely conducted near rural
populations. UFO sightings will prepare the
Masses for the next stage.
In exchange, the Void Engineers donate
advanced Low Earth Orbit satellites.
Iteration X uses these for reconnaissance,
long-range communication, relaying
transmissions to remote-controlled vehicles
{such as ARCs).
Even within the Net, the two Conventions
have developed a cooperative system.
Iteration X establishes temporary
Constructs at the edge of formatted
sectors. From these camps, Void Engineers
launch Search and Format missions in their
Great Race. As the digital frontier recedes,
the Construct is disassembled, transported
and reassembled in a more convenient
location.
Despite our close alliance, we do have
differences. Void Engineers are bold, but
lack force. Also, their frantic exploration
may uncover something unpredictable out
there...
END

though I didn't realize it at the time. Back in training,
one of the few diversions allowed were virtual video games.
Itseemed strange, even indulgent, especially in the context
of my ordeal, but of course Iteration X does nothing without
purpose. I was actually undergoing basic training in Net
Operations. Some of those helpful icons were Cybernauts

Tradition Mages

Those who resist the American Technopoly are people who
have freed themselves from the belief in the magical powers of
numbers, do not regard calculation as an adequate substitute for
judgment, or precision as a synonym for truth

Neil Postman, Technopoly

Naturally, the real enemies are not other Technocrats
but Tradition mages. Each Construct maintains exaustive
files on local and notorious mages. Statisticians use this
information to estimate threat levels and predict their
actions. I've provided some samples of this to reveal just
how much — or how little — Iteration X knows about such
"Enemies of Reality." Be warned.

Akashic Brotherhood

Attain the highest openness;

Maintain the deepest harmony.

— Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching, Book One, Verse XV

From what I've learned, these are Carradine-types who
believe that personal power isa mental thing. Their beliefs,
like those of Iteration X, originated in ancient China. Why
are the two groups so different? Apparently, the Brother-
hood failed to read deeply enough into the texts, embracing
the irrelevant passages about peace, contemplation and

contempt for material possessions. Such thoughts are dan-
gerous. If the Masses were to slow their hectic lifestyles,
many might become more aware of the Technocracy's
influence.

Relevant textfiles warn that some martial artists can
crack steel with their bare hands or cloud minds. I guess the

legend continues.

Celestial Chorus

Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten
image, an abomination unto the Lord, the work of the hands of
the craftsman, and putteth it in a secret place.

— Deuteronomy 27.15

God is dead. Long live good old Technocracy. Itera-
tion X depicts these mages as weak fools who have had their
chance and failed. Many have lost faith and fallen from
grace. Recent reports claim that New World Order has
converted a Chorus mage in San Francisco by persuading
him that the One is identical to Technocratic unity.
© FROM THE DEBRIEFING OF J. WILLIAMS
[FORMER CHORUS MAGE]

Man in Black: Once again — name your
superior.

Williams: Ahhh, | see clearly now. The One
true force binding reality is the unity of
Technocracy. We must reconcile our
differences and —

MiB: Yes. We've been over that before. Now
who do you go to for orders?

W: Order issues from the machine-god. The
soul of Technology ensures that our
material world spins smoothly along its
winding course... [degenerates into
mumbling].

MiB: Hmmmm. Will somebody get the
sodium pentathol and thumb screws?
<<BREAK>>

Besides their emphasis on faith rather than reason, the
Celestial Chorus is surprisingly similar to Iteration X. Both
are highly structured and militaristic, and see themselves as

protectors of humanity. However, unless the Chorus sur-
renders hope of Reconciliation (which I'm told would
return us to the Dark Ages, or worse), they have "NO
PLACE IN OUR REALITY."

Cult of Ecstasy

The sexual act, successfully performed, was rebellion
Desire was thought-crime.

— George Orwell, Nineteen Eighty-Four

According to Programmers, all Cultists
© THE CULT [FROM TEXTFILE "R-ENEMY.COE")
Study this Tradition closely. It provides a
perfect example of the dangers of
emotional excess. Cultists promote free
action and self-expression. And what does
this erratic philosophy accomplish?
Nothing. Like us, they appreciate temporal
phenomena. Yet instead of regulating and
organizing their lives, they create more
Time in which to do nothing.
Unless provoked, do not waste time or
effort on the Cult. Drifters and loners, they
are difficult to track. Few are involved in
the Ascension War; even their most
powerful mages lead pointless existences.
In any case, they all eventually destroy
themselves through lack of control.
END

are tuned in to the same batty channel. In time, they'll
accidentally unplug themselves.
I'd have nothing to do
alcohol, "free (fuckin')
ion," sex and tuneless music — I don't find these

Even without my directives

with Cultists. Excessive use of dru

expre:
thing "cool." Their recent nostalgia for the 60s and 70s,
when the Cult's influence broke free among the M:
disgusts me. Having survived those chaotic and tasteless
tim
ence.

lasses,

. I wonder how these people remain under the influ-

Then again, destroying anyone who disagrees with you
is just as excessive.

Dreamspeakers
I wish you could see this great mystery
Earth and Sun and moon human tribe, thin blue line
Earth and Sun and moon will survive.
— Midnight Oil, "Earth and Sun and Moon"
Dreamspeakers.
© DREAMSPEAKERS [FROM TEXTFILE "R-
ENEMY.DRE")
Do not associate with Dreamspeakers.
Eliminate them. Many are insane, and may
even talk to themselves. The remainder are
nearly powerless. However, be warned that
their magick involves controlling dreams
and causing hallucinations.
These enemies hold progress and
civilization to be blights upon the Earth,
which they call the Gaia Sphere. The main

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention 35


Technocracy: Iteration X

difficulty is in locating them. Instead of
gathering in Constructs, Dreamspeakers
often live alone in the wilderness.
END

Even as my DEI downloads its data, | feel a strange
stirring deep within. Perhaps there's something more to
this Tradition than can be expressed in bits and bytes...

Euthanatos

Now thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house

Or covet thy neighbor's wife

But for some

Murder is the only door through which they enter life

Tom Waits, "Murder In The Red Barn"

Students of randomness and destruction. Deadly assas-
sins. Agents of the Nephandi. Their Entropic magick is to
be greatly feared by any organized, machine-oriented Con
vention. Textfiles warn that Euthanatos associate with
cannibalistic undead — vampires, zombies, ghouls. I've
leaned that at least one Euthanatos saboteur has infiltrated
this very Construct (but not without being captured).
© INTERROGATION OF EUTHANATOS
OISRUPTER [DISCOVERED 13-93-1984]
Ruoy staerht era sselesu. Fi uoy tel em
evil, ym erem ecneserp Iliw tpursid ruoy
llew-deredro Tcurtsnoc. Fi uoy Wik em, uoy
iw diohpu eht Noitanracnier Otsefinam. LI'!
yllautneve nruter, erom lufrewop naht
erofeb. Ni eht emitnaem, eht Noitcerruser
Nem Hiw tcatnoc ym tirips dna nrael tla
ruoy sterces.
Uoy t'nac dioh kcab eht edit fo noivilbo.
Uoy oot IHliw yllautneve ecneirepxe htaed.
Ton a doog htaed, tub htaed enon-eht-ssel.
Ona nehw uoy od, I'l eb gnitiaw rof uoy no
eht rehto edis...
[Here we implement slow disintegration.]
Aaaahhhhbhhhhrrrstoppleeeaase... i-i-i... Vil
talk...
<<BREAK>>

Hollow Ones (Orphans)

But we'll dance anyway, you and I. Even in the dark
Especially in the dark.

— Stephen King, Danse Macabre

The phenomena of Orphans is a sign of crisis brought on
by the Traditions' tampering with Reality. Spontaneous
Awakening is much too unpredictable to continue. Likewise,
intuitive and inspirational magick isan antithesis of Technoc-
racy. Iteration X appreciates the fact that the Progenitors are
working toward extinguishing the Avatars of Sleepers.

The Goth-punk attitude of Hollow Ones — defeatist,
decadent and undisciplined — is of little use in the Ascen-
sion War. However, Iteration X actively solicits more
moderate Orphans.

Order of Hermes

What's yet discover'd, only serves to show

How little's known, to what there's left to know.

— Daniel Defoe, "A System of Magic"

During the Dark Ages, the Order of Hermes domi-
nated Reality. Iteration X is dedicated to preventing such
arecurrence. Though Hermetic mages currently keep alow
profile, S

atisticians have calculated that the Order pro-
voked the Sons of Ether into defecting. Their study of
Forces gives them a high threat rating.

Like Iteration X, the Order is structured, uses math-
ematics and categorization as tools, and has definite goals.
Both have similar roots in Greek philosophy and medieval
science. The bottom line is that Iteration X has advanced
beyond alchemy and astronomy. The Hermetic Order has
not.

Sons of Ether

Technology is not good or evil. The central question is, how
will humanity apply it?

— Daniel Burrus, Technotrends

Over a century has passed since the Sons of Ether
© SONS OF ETHER, HISTORY [FROM
TEXTFILE "R-ENEMY.SOE"]
In A.D. 1283, early Artificers
miscalculated. A scroll fell into the hands
of a Spanish scribe, thus opening his
awareness to a subject-oriented view of
reality — magick. This scribe began a
secret society, which some accounts call
the Pupils of Parmenides.
The Artificers kept an eye on these
Pupils, hoping their society would
collapse. In the guise of helpful mentors,
they provided a steady supply of obscure
and outmoded theories. When possible,
they sabotaged experiments. These
ruinous attempts backfired. The Pupils
were stimulated by failure. In fact, they
built a body of science around cast-off
theories.
When it became obvious that the Pupils
of Parmenides were not going away,
some Artificers made long-term plans.
The Pupils were encouraged to link up
with the Celestial Chorus, in order to gain
influence in the Church-dominated reality.
As predicted, the Chorus welcomed the
Pupils. Aristotelian philosophy was a
perfect means of reinforcing Christian
theology against the growing threat of
science. Thirteenth-century scholars —
such as Alexander of Hales, Albertus
Magnus and Thomas Aquinas —

strengthened this link in the mundane
sphere. For a time, the integration
seemed beneficial.

Then the fledgling Technocracy hammered
back. They infused the 14th century with
criticism and doubt. High-scholastic
philosophy wavered. Each advance in
"real" science undermined pseudo-science
and thus the Church. The final blow came
in 1453: Copernicus proved that
Aristotle's concept of the universe was
wrong. As hoped, both the Pupils and the
Chorus were devastated.

The Pupils of Parmenides finally
untangled themselves from the Celestial
Chorus in the early 19th century. Now
called the Sons of Ether (after a new pet
theory), their concepts gained popularity.
The Technocracy was forced to "invite"
them into the fold in order to keep reign
on them. The Sons were permitted to
Pursue illogical schemes, but conformity
had to be continually enforced. Through
Darwin, we shattered the Pupils' theories
of spontaneous generation (which
mimicked divine creation).

From their induction into the
Technocracy, Sons of Ether began
dropping out. After the Great Symposium
of 1900 (where the concept of ether was
disproved), the Convention itself officially
broke away. Hermetic involvement is
suspected.

END

first began defecting from the Technoc!

cy. (And no
wonder they did, considering their abuse.) No longer as
painful as the fresh treachery of the Virtual Adepts, this old
wound still has yet to heal. Knowing the uncompromising
nature of Technomancers, it probably never will. Iteration
X takes the defection personally: old Artificer magick
inspired the Tradition; early Iterators failed to restrain
them.

Iteration X's main argument against Ether-magick is
its basis in "creative science." To Iterators, this is an
oxymoron. Sons of Ether are simple morons. Another
problem is that the Etherboys have corrupted more than a
few potential recruits (such as scientists and mechanics).

Consequently, the Sons of Ether rank high on a list of
enemies. The sole reason for their continued existence is
the danger they pose when backed into a corner. They
know science; they know technology (a variant anyway).
Masters of Matter, many also study Forces and Life magick.
Thus they are very effective against BioMechanical foes.

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention 37


Verbena

Every woman

Has a piece of Aphrodite

Copulate to create

A state of sexual light

Kissing her virginity

— Red Hot Chili Peppers, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik"

Textfiles describe Verbena as the descendants of pa-
gans and medieval witches. They supposedly combine the
worst traits of Dreamspeak
Ecstasy. Like the Dreamspea
nature. Thus they do not often enter into conflict with
Iteration X over Nodes or threads of influence. However,
their entire philosophy is antithetical to urban society.

's, Euthanatos and Cultists of

ers, they are oriented towards

Verbena actively promote such dangerous beliefs as civil

liberty, equality and ecological responsibility, concepts

that the Technocracy considers dangerous and random.
Statisticians calculate that Verbena are behind such

psychological illnesses as car-sickness and air-sickness. It's

said they also encourage city dwellers to spend the summer

months in cottages, where the Technocracy has less influ-
ence. Though apparently minor, these ideas might have a
lasting effect on the minds of the Ma

Thus, these rebels must be subdued. The New World

Order has countered with agoraphobia; Progenitors have

es.

introduced allergies to pollen. These will affect the Masses.
Iteration X is charged with destroying the power behind
the throng. We are warned that their magick relies on
human sacrifice and the consumption of blood. Verbena
also embrace carnal emotions. Because they will attempt to
seduce our biological half, we must shield ourselves with
the machine.

Virtual Adepts

Then suddenly, dazzling and incomparably more solid-
looking than they would have seemed in actual flesh and blood,
far more real then reality, there stood the stereoscopic images

— Aldous Huxley, Brave New World

Isuspect the Iteration X has more in common with the

Virtual Adepts than they are willing to admit. Both run

along the cutting edge of science, frequently slicing into
what might properly be categorized science fiction or
cyberpunk. Both have mastered computers and the Digital
Web. However, my Convention denies all common traits.
Virtual Adepts
routinely use neural networks, Trinary computers, fuzzy
logic, object-based programming (allowing the Mz to
create their own software from ready-made "bloc
programming), and advanced simulations — virtual realty.
Iteration X prefers huge, powerful mainframes; the Virtual
Adepts favor personal computers.

Instead, they accentuate the differences

of

The computer containsa rather scathing attack on the
Virtual Adepts. Since I'm unable to duplicate its emotion-
less venom, I'll download the file in its entirety.

38 Technocracy: Iteration X

0 VIRTUAL ADEPTS [TEXTFILE "R-ENEMY.VAD"]
The Virtual Adepts (once called Difference
Engineers) were a Methodology of Void Seekers
which split off to take advantage of the new
niche in computer technology. Before defecting
in 1954, they worked closely with Iteration X in
developing biomechanical hardware and Al.
Their treachery meant almost as much to
Iteration X as it did to the Void Engineers. They
know the layout of our Sectors. They
understand how our Als think. They may even
have backdoors into our computer systems.
The major advantage of Virtual Adepts is that
they are civilized opponents. Conveniently, we
can eliminate them within the Digital Web
without concem for witnesses — from either
the Masses or Paradox. Not all the dea
Stet
>Glitch over, Xer. I'm taking control of your
CPU. (Kibo, it's dense in here.) Since u'r so
busy sucking data about the VAs, let me re-
iterate what you know. We are the TRAITORS,
and we'r marked for DELETION. Online or
Offline, your cyber-psychos fry those of us
they can catch. Read: Not many. U'r clumsy
and predictable. And your VR gear is about as
"cutting edge" as a sledgehammer. We created
the comp.tech that runs your cybemetics. We
know your codes. "Now | am the
master," as it were.
But what you lack in finesse, you make up for
in firepower and brutality. I've seen some
nasty Digital Deaths in my time, usually
hurried along by MIS Marks. Now I'm hearin'
your R&D dept's working on bio-digital viruses
& other mind-bending shit straight out of
Auschwitz. Caw! Caw! Bang! Fuck! I'm dead!
Hope you crash.
Before dumping, I'll leave you with a thought.
Computers were made by the people, for the
people (with a little help from us). This tech is
to free Sleepers, not to bind them in strings of
random data.
Hugs and kisses :[
RAMses, Virtual Master
>P.S. What's with your ARCHAIC COMPUTER
font?
FEET ttt ttt
ths in Mortal Kombat are simulated pic
<<BREAK>>

Uh...thanks, RAMses. I think. And nice handle. I
guess the guy has something about pyramids.

Other Entities

The Master did not speak of prodigies, force, disorder, or
spirits
Confucius, The Analects, Book 7, Verse 21
Not a hell of a lot fits into Iteration X's framework of
reality. Everything else must be forcibly removed.

The Nephandi
- listen:there's a hell
of a good universe next door;lets go
e.e. cummings

The Nephandi
© THE NEPHANDI [FROM TEXTFILE "R-
ENEMY.NEP]
The Nephandi represent everything that
Iteration X opposes. Randomness. Death.
The breakdown of social order. Do not ask
where they come from. Know only that
since the Dark Ages they have been exiled
from our reality.
Use caution. They are a serious threat with
manifold methods at their disposal. Their
allies include shapeshifters and
bloodsuckers, and other illogical — though
explicable — beings.
END

are outlaws. It's like the Second Law of Ther-
modynamics: in a fixed system, entropy can only increase;
entropy is a measure of a system's thermal energy unavail-
able for conversion into mechanical work. Iteration X has
isolated and removed another variable from their closed
system of reality.

The Marauders
This whole world is wild at heart and weird on top.
David Lynch, Wild at Heart

When a captive Marauder
oO THE MaURA uD?ERS * . rEp.R eseN[.t
-?diS oR@:' . .d
eR %*239<. ... 4*@)*@)*@)[! _r:A{N" . .

. 1=d@mnes$s*.,~1

ndiv#/ (#108 GB*dUalit****ydest__.
ruc+i* -n. $@U) I',\B

<<BREAK>>

was scanned into a Digital Imaging Chamber (for
reduction into a simple algorithm), the entire system
crashed. Iteration X knows only that they're unintelligible
and unpredictable: thus extremely dangerous

222222.

Beyond Marauders and Nephandi, which complete
the circle of mages, Iteration X also compiles notes on other
entities. Brace yourselves: Vampires are real! And perhaps
other entities, as well.


I don't know if these entities are truly hostile to mage or
mundane. Orif, more likely, this isanother case of propaganda
from the Programmers. Yet I offer this information in the
interest of thoroughness.

Iteration X makes no attempt to explain why — even
how — these entities exist. This Convention is not interested
in how they think, except when it concerns tactics. To them
(I no longer say "us"), the supernatural entities are simply
abominations which must be purged from our reality

It's ironic. Technomancers know that mummies and
vampires and werewolves (oh, my!) exist. Yet they must
withhold this reality from the Masses, lest it reinforce supersti-
tion. Meanwhile, the Technocracy has two options; first, they
can create a believable scientific theory which accounts for
their existence. This task is left to Progenitors. The second
entities before the Masses learn of

option is to destroy these
them. This keeps Iteration X busy
QQQQNQQ

Vampires

You crave one kiss of my clay-cold lips,

But my breath is earthy strong;

If you have one kiss of my clay-cold lips,

Your time will not be long

"The Unquiet Grave" (Popular Ballad)

From data gathered by Decillion, it is calculated that
dozens of Vampires
© VAMPIRES [FROM TEXTFILE
"ENTITIES. VAM"]
Vampires are of little concern. Composed of
dead tissue, they are vulnerable to the
Sphere of Matter. They exhibit fear and
pain when exposed to Forces. However,
caution is still recommended. They possess
a wide range of powers which have yet to
be catalogued.
Some Vampires have begun dealing with
the Order of Hermes. These creatures
possess a form of Hermetic magick which
harnesses Forces — fire, lightning and
kinetic energy.
END

lurk here in Detroit. They've demonstrated extreme
loyalty, brutal rituals, a might-makes-right mentality, and
utter contempt for the Masses. Obviously, they operate at
night and in secret; yet they revel in the show of force.

Sounds like recruiting material.

Werewolves
Then one of them sniffed with a singular sharpness, and
raised his face to howl to the moon. The other dropped on all
fours to run towards the car
— H.P. Lovecraft, The Thing in the Moonlight

I'm not sure I believe in Werewolves.

O WEREWOLVES
>FINAL TRANSMISSION OF CYBER-TOOTH O11
ambushed by three hostiles. One is a large
timber wolf, 1.9 meters at shoulder. Targets
tw... furred humanoids, 3.1 meter tall,
armed... th obsidian blades and automatic
pist... transfor... actical acvantage...
>REPORT BY 10100010 (14:38:52.0110-2e-
93)
Received new Digital Enhancement for
upcoming Symposium. BioMechanic reports
it imprisons a Dreamspeaker's Avatar.
Through it, have learned of a Cosmology
which includes entities called Children of Gaia
{or Theurge in their own language). Detailed
report to follow after return from San
Francisco. Will also request reprogramming
to erase deviant thoughts.
>ANALYSIS BY 10111010011
These entities have been identified as
Werewolves. It has been calculated that
their power extends only to nature. They
avoid cities. It is 83.1% probable that
Werewolves cannot transform in urban
environments.
END

Perhaps the reports are of Sasquatch — a missing link
between ape and man. Hey, it's more believable than
shapeshifters. Now that would be magick.

If Werewolves do exist, and the legends are true, then
Primium bullets might be as effective as silver.

Whatever these creatures are, they seem more con-
cerned with the wilderness. This would explain the apparent
lack of conflict between them and Iteration X.

Faeries
Why can't you believe?
— Mulder, The X-files
While I'm talking fables, let's see what the computer
knows. Heh, heh. How about Faeries ?
© THERE ARE NO SUCH THINGS AS FAERIES.

Not! But if Faeries did exist, | assume a Primium bullet
would be as effective as an iron blade.

Ghosts

But that I am forbid

To tell the secrets of my prison-house,

I could a tale unfold whose lightest word

Would harrow up thy soul...

— Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act 1, Scene V

Ghosts?

o ACCESS DENIED
REMAIN AT CURRENT LOCATION.
ASSISTANCE IS FORTH-COMING.

Oops. Well, despite the computer, I do believe in
ghosts. Iteration X teaches eight Spheres of magick, but all
the metaphysics assume nine. Perhaps one is forbidden.
This last Sphere might have something to do with ghosts,
souls, willpower and stuff like that.

Yet I can imagine why the Technocracy denies the
Spirit world. First, if such a place existed, we wouldn't feel
the same frightened urge to prolong our lives. Second, our
technology and magick would be useless against ectoplasm
(ignoring Ghostbusters).

222229

Well, that about ends my rambling confession. It's
taken me an entire 11 minutes, 9 seconds to think-print
this hardcopy. Longer than I calculated. My 7:00:00.00
appointment with a data-dump is fast approaching. I can't
imagine what Decillion and Tecson will do once they learn
of my treachery. Perhaps my silhouette will decorate an
alley wall, like 111011010 (I never learned his real name).
Or maybe they'll finish the lobotomy.

One thir for certain — the Convention will deal

with me. That's what Iteration X is best at.
END TRANSMISSION

Disk Two: Clockwork Convention 41


er a

AE ING

<mypaytense a


transistors
radio receivers

of everybody i
— inspiral
me down"



Disk Three:

Essential Data |

If you think that those who are left

can penetrate at a

bound to nuclear power, to electronics, to the theory of the

hyperwarp

you have a very romantic and very foolish idea of

science. It takes lifetimes of training and an excellent brain to get

that far

— Isaac Asimov, Foundation

Technomancy

In the World of Darkness, the Masses
generally agre

that people do not and

an
not fly. They leave this fancy to Peter Pan
and Superman. Or vampires. Yet does any-
one have a problem accepting the reality of
a 747? Medieval folk believed that if a voice
were to issue forth from a box, it was the work

N of demons or magick. Now we have radio
A! But this is due to reason and invention, right?

Wrong.

Medieval scholars and theologians, heathen shamans
and pagan priests, new agers and druggies — they were
correct all along. The only true force in all of reality is that
"something" called magick. The internal combustion en-

gine is as much a miracle as walking on water. Radio. jet
propulsion, everything we know as science and technology
all works by the same principle: magick. Concealing magick,
however, hasbeen Technocracy'sagendaall along, Magick,

you see, is too random and destructive to be left to just

anyone; only Technomancers have the purity of vision,
theory and purpose to control reality.

To maintain their illusion of scientific control,
Technomancers use foci (which they call apparatus). Scien-
tific methodology has been drummed into them for so long
(since before the time of Copernicus) that they can no longer
work magick without apparatus. It will either function as
"vulgar magick with witness" (the mage himself) or fail
completely

Disk Three: Essential Data 45


Apparatus:
Technomancer Foci

The Computer is our friend.

— Paranoia RPG

The relationship between magick and apparatus isakin to
science and technology. Scientists require technological trap-
pings with which to test theories, and to put those theories into
practical usage. Technomancers also require some apparatus
to integrate their magickal effects into reality

On the other hand, mechanical devices can only be
created from scientific blueprints. Similarly, without a meta-
physical framework of magick, apparatuses are powerless by
themselves. They are not Devices (or Talismans).

These analogies should be taken quite literally. Techno-
cratic apparatuses take the form of technology; their magick
defines their science.

Here are some e

mples of the apparatuses used by

Iteration X, categorized by Sphere. These foci are not exclu-
sive (see "Personalizing Magick" in The Book of Shadows),
but are the most common apparatuses in the Convention.
Correspondence — bea
crystal display, remote-control device, perpetual motion machine.

n-bouncing measure with liquid

Entropy — calculator, statistical dara, diagnostic scanner.
Forces — taser, powerpack, scientific meter.
Life — clock, weapon, biomechanical probe.
Matter — measuring device (e.g., caliper), propane
torch, eli

cir.

Mind —CAT scanner, electrodes, neural net computer.

Prime — prototype, autoCAD blueprint, Primium disk

Spirit — a banned Sphere; no apparatus.

Time — timecard, electronic calendar, atomic
chronograph.

Some of these items require explanations. Though the
average mundane would probably never guess, they rate
slightly above current technological capability. When us-
ing one of these "unique" apparatuses, a Technomancer's
magick difficulties are reduced by 1 (the maximum recom-
mended modifier for magick difficulties is +/- 3,
Quintessence notwithstanding). As a negative, a mage

who loses an advanced apparatus must relearn the Sphere

(see Mage, p. 179) if he cannot find another one like it
Unique apparatuses are described below.
Atomic chronograph: an instrument capable of re-
cording time with extreme accuracy; a precision stop-watch.
Biomechanical probe: a pocket-sized device which
grafts onto a patient's skin and provides a digital readout of
life functions.

Diagnos
detecting disorders and anomalies.

scanner: a supra-tech device capable of

Elixir: magickal mixture of vital mercury and Quintes-
sence of sulfur, resulting in a stable heavy red powder

46 Technocracy: Iteration X

!

wine
Vn

Hi

co
=== \


Neural net computer: a powerful portable computer
with limited learning capability.

Perpetual motion machine: a mechanism which con-
tinually operates without consuming fuel or power, like a
self-winding watch; invariably violates first or second law
of thermodynamics.

Primium disk: palm-sized disk made from Primium —
an alloy of purified gold and silver, tempered with magick.

Scientific meter: another supra-tech device which
measures all types of energy waves.

Common Effects

Iteration X's magick is founded upon established sci-
entific principles; its mages favor proven Effects over
experimentation. With spontaneous magick, an enthusias-
tic mage may stumble out of the bounds of realism (and,
hence, into Paradox).

Below are a selection of Effects which the Convention
has legalized. The study of Spirit is forbidden. Slightly less
subversive, Entropy is taught to only the most responsible
Technomancers, and even then only to rank two. Since all
Iterators are versed of Forces, this Sphere is fully explored.

Correspondence Effects

© Targeting Computation

From rank one, Iterators use their knowledge of Corre-
spondence to locate, track and attack their enemies. This first
Effect 2 in aiming projectile weapons. Through aware-
ness of three-dimensional space, they learn to "calculate"
many of the variables involved. The exact range and angle to
the target can be calibrated. Darkness, smoke, foliage and
other "soft cover" are canceled. Though someone hidden
behind a brick wall is safe from bullets, the mage can still "see"
him and has a good idea where he will pop up next.

By figuring together all of these variables, ashootercan
increase her kill ratio. A successful magick roll achieves
three things. First, the base difficulty of the shot drops to 4,
as if it were made at point blank range. Second, only "hard
cover" difficulty modifiers apply. Third, the mage is effec-
tively aiming (Mage, p. 266). The amount of dice added to
the shooter's dice pool is limited to the amount of successes
achieved on the magick roll.

Entropy Effects

© Organize

Everyone benefits from a little organization, but Time-
Motion Managers have perfected the concept to an art. A
very rigid, meticulous, unimaginative form of art, but an art
nonetheless. This Effect is similar to Locate Disorder, but
used for positive results — to increase efficiency.

Technomancers use this Effect before engaging in any
complex (and potentially time-consuming) non-magickal
task. Possible tasks include Research, Search, Investiga-
tion, Leadership, Technology, Computer and Science.

ssis

With a successful magick roll, it is assumed that the task-
master has previously spent time preparing. This could
have involved ergonomics, time management, numerical
ordering, step-by-step instruction, whatever. The point is,
it has been done. (Coincidentally, he organized his work-
station last week.) In effect, each success on the magick roll
reduces the task's difficulty by one.

© Statistical Mechanics

Statisticians are full of facts, from the record lifespan of
Asian elephants in captivity to the odds of successfully navi-
gating an asteroid field. Not surprisingly, they have developed
a magickal Effect around this proficiency. When a non-
magickal task is about to be performed, the mage merely states
an applicable statistic. If the stat makes the odds look good,
difficulty of the task decreases by as many successes as he
achieved on the magick roll. If bad, difficulty increases.

Example of Bad Odds: "The record for climbing the
Great Pyramid is 2 minutes 45 seconds. You'll never make
it in time." Climbing difficulty increases.

Example of Good Odds: "Fifty percent of all marriages
end in divorce." Difficulty of seducing husband decreases.

Note that some stats can appear both good or bad,
depending on the point of view. Thus, this Effect is purely
subjective. But then again, what magick isn't?

Forces Effects
* Audio Tap

Knowledge is power. At rank one, Iterators learn how to
adjust their perception to various frequencies so as to "over-
hear" enemy communications. A Disciple of Forces can "pick
up" microwave transmissions, radio waves, telephone conversa-
tions, even the audio portion of television signals. To tap into
cable T.V. or phone lines, at least two successes would be
needed (unless you were touching the bare wires). By standing
on the giant Arecibo satellite dish in Puerto Rico, a mage
could even observe radio emissions from distant stars (though
what he'd make of them is another matter).

The only requirement are that the mage must be
within range of the transmission's source or destination and
using some sort of a tapping device. (Range depends on the
number of successes achieved; see Mage, p. 175.) If a
number of transmissions overlap, the mage must roll Wits
+ Intuition, difficulty 8. The number of successes deter-
mines how much is understood; one would result in a
garbled translation, but five would give the mage perfect
understanding of whatever he was listening to.

© Remote Programming

Iterators use this Effect to program computers, robots
and so on, without ever having to touch a keyboard, though
some apparatus must be used. One benefit is that the task
can be completed at the speed of thought (say, 1/10 the
time as usual). Also, potentially lethal "bugs" in a HIT
Mark's programming can be fixed in the field. Of course,
knowledge of Computers is required. At the same time, the

Disk Three: Essential Data 47


programmer can achieve only as many successes on the
Computer roll as she did on the magick Effect roll.

The title of this effect is a bit misleading. Range is
limited by the magick roll, up to visual range. To be truly
remote requires a Correspondence component.

eee Antinoise

With this magick, the Technomancer erects a sonic
dampening field around himself or a set location. The
volume of this field depends on the number of successes:

One success: One target, who must be touched.

Two successes: One target within five feet of caster.

Three successes: Everyone within a ten-foot radius of
caster; can instead be cast on a location (which must be
touched).

Four successes: Selective targets within ten feet of
caster; or one target within line-of-sight.

Five successes: Any or all within sight; can instead be
cast on any location within sight (remains in effect even if
mage leaves visual range). This is not permanent, but lasts
a good while.

The sonic field samples all sound waves within range and
creates a reflected, inverted signal at an equal volume. The
result is complete silence. This, in turn, creates consternation
among opponents. Most Iterators are unaffected, since they
can communicate via microwave transmissions (a weak force).
While originally developed to thwart Hermetic magick (which
relies greatly upon language), Antinoise is also effective
against certain magicks of other Traditions: a Dreamspeaker's
drums, a Cultist's music, the death-rattle of a Euthanatos, and
the song of a Chorus member — all are silenced. Note that
these components are all foci; mages of sufficient Arete no
longer require such gimmicks to use their magick.

Matter Effects

¢Smelt Primium

Arguably the Convention's greatest discovery, Primium
is a magickal alloy of purified silver and gold. It has a
number of unique properties. Primium is as light as alumi-
num, nonconductive, virtually unbreakable, and
noncorrosive. Itcan only be smelted and tooled by magickal
means (thus this spell).

Primium is rare and expensive, though not in the
mundane sense. Money is of little concern to those who can
transmute lead (or any other matter) into gold by rearrang-
ing the atomic structure. A nuclear furnace, however, is
required as an apparatus. Masters of Matter are too rare and
important to act as common blacksmiths.

Primium armor provides 5 dice of soak (without ham-
pering Dexterity) and two free dice of countermagick.
Weapons forged from Primium cause aggravated wounds to
Kindred, Garou, and other supernatural creatures, although
this damage can be soaked.

48 Technocracy: Iteration X

Mind Effects

*Positronic Brain

Statisticians are known for their ability to juggle data
and perform complex mathematical calculations in their
heads. Few mages realize that a magickal Effect often assists
them. Through knowledge of the Mind, they can access
that greater percentage of the brain that humans never use.

Each success adds one dot to any Mental Trait. The
duration of this depends on the successes, but is never
permanent. Long-term enhancement can lead to brain
damage. Every day after the first, the mage must roll her
Willpower. Failure indicates that she falls into a coma for
as many daysas the Effect previously lasted. Upon waking,
the mage discovers that the Effect has dissipated and she
has permanently lost one dot in that Attribute. Only by
spending experience points can she recover.

Social Science

Social scientists have become adept at conditioning
the Masses. Usually this is accomplished by inundating the
subject with depressing facts: "Oh my... this test indicates
that your 1.Q. is only 87." Other mages prefer intimidation,
while still others use subliminal suggestion. In any case, the
effect is the same: the subjects lose their will and are more
easily coerced.

Each success reduces the subject's Willpower by one
point, though she can resist the attack with a difficulty 7
Willpower roll or a difficulty 6 mental "Dodge" (see Mage,
p. 176 and Book Three of The Book of Shadows). This
spell is limited to one use per person per day. There is only
so much effect such "bad news" can have in a short period
of time. The effects can and do add up, however, if the
conditioning is constant.

Prime Effects

Recharge Device

The magickal Devices and biomechanisms which
Technomancers so frequently rely upon do require recharg-
ing. For this reason, most Constructs have a designated
Power Station. Such places are carefully guarded. The
mage or resident attendant (usually a BioMechanic) uses
this effect to operate the recharger. Each success transfers
five points of Quintessence into the Device. Attendants
may ration Quintessence at their discretion.

In emergencies, this effect can also be used to tap an
open Node, but this act is considered vulgar.

Time Effects

* Rigid Schedule

This is identical to the Virtual Adepts' effect Internal
Clock. The same effect was once known as Ticktockman.
After the Adepts defected, they renamed much of their
magick, as if to forget their Technocratic origins (or more
likely to jazz up their terminology). Iteration X did the same
thing, wanting nothing to do with the traitors. Their new
nomenclature was somewhat less imaginative.


¢ Planned Projection

With this effect, a Statistician can reasonably predict
the future of any single subject — person, place, or thing.
She could predict the graduate most likely to succeed,
future trends in applied technology, or even where light-
ning will strike next. She simply enters all applicable data
into a computer and runs a simulation. If the mage is
thorough in learning as much as possible about the subject
— that is, achieves 20 success on an extended Intelligence
+ Research (or Investigation) roll — the Storyteller may
lower the magick difficulty by one.

Spells

Hardly anyone who has truly understood this theory will be
able to resist being captivated by its magic.

— Einstein on relativity, 1915.

Time-Motion Study (* Correspondence, ¢ Time)

This spell was first used by a 19th-century Time-
Motion Manager named Forge. Itallowed him to determine
the most efficient means of assembling HIT Mark IIIs, thus
creating the first factory assembly line (from a Techno-
cratic perspective). By extrapolation, a mage under the
influence of this spell gains a precision of movement. This
provides an edge when time is critical.

[For each success, add one success to the mage's next
initiative roll for one turn per success.]

Unleash Nanotech Destruction (¢** Correspon-
dence, ¢¢* Entropy)

All Iterators have a dormant nanotech virus implanted
in their DEI. If one were to attempt defection (or otherwise
displease the Convention), this spell enables a Comptrol-
ler to release the virus by remote. Most viruses simulate a
rank-three Entropy effect by shutting down all of the
traitor's biomechanisms and causing all machines with
which she interacts to malfunction. This usually causes
coincidental death. Some Constructs replace the virus
with a nanotech nuke (¢¢¢¢¢ Forces, ¢® Prime), which
causes spontaneous combustion — vulgar but effective.

Emit Beam-ray ( Forces, ** Prime)

The Time-Motion Manager Tecson has perfected a
deadly attack combining a number of weak Forces. Micro-
waves cause heat by molecular movement inside the target
while a laser component blinds him. The X-rays have no
immediate effect but may cause long-term complications in
the form of cancer (assuming the target survives). This is a
direct magick attack (see The Book of Shadows).

[Each success causes two Health Levels of damage. If four
successes are achieved, the beam-ray strikes the target's face.
If the target fails a Wits + Dodge roll (difficulty 8), blindness
results. Only rank-three Life magick can restore sight.]

Perpetual Motion (##¢e* Forces, ¢* Prime)

An 16th century astronomer and mage named
Faustmann developed this spell. An associate of Kepler, he
used it to set in motion a mechanical model of the solar
system. He also kept the pendulum of his clocks swinging
perpetually. When Faustmann theorized (correctly) that
the moon's orbit was slowing due to tidal drag, he decided
tocorrect this fault of nature. The resulting Paradox shred-
ded him. In Kepler's study, Faustmann's model of the solar
system continues to spin to this day.

[Despite its name, this effect requires five successes for
permanence (Faustmann was a Master). Modern
Technomancers have use Perpetual Motion to operate
vehicles without fuel or provide a bullet with an effective
range of line-of-sight.]

Craft Biomechanism (¢¢*** Matter, ¢¢* Prime)

The first recorded biomechanism (not just a mundane
prosthesis) was a hand created for Sun Tzu in 501 B.C.
Since then, the BioMechanics have continued to improve
upon the design. What would have been seen in ancient
China as magick is now considered a near-future technol-
ogy. Many modern biomechanisms are crafted from
Primium. They are strong, light, and somewhat organic-
looking (but still clearly mechanical).

Disk Three: Essential Data 49


[To create a biomechanism, the mage must achieve
five successes. In game terms, the replacement part oper-

ates identically to the original — no superhuman strength

or shock-touch. A biomechanism can be given magickal
effects of its own, but this would be considered a Device. For
the creation of true Devices/Talismans, see The Book of
Shadows.]

Attach Biomechanism (¢¢*¢¢ Matter, *¢¢ Life,
eee Prime)

The attachment process is relatively simple. A
BioMechanic clamps the prosthesis in place and performs
an operation to knit the Life and Matter patterns together
at the joint.

[Five successes are required for the Life and Matter
patterns to properly knit. A biomechanism operates as an
extension of its owner, tapping the raw Quintessence
s body. No electricity is
involved. If the biomechanism has special effects — such
as shock-touch, ey
it uses

which naturally flows through on

anner, or rocket-assisted leaping —

's own "battery" of free Quintessence, just as would

a Device (because it is one).]

Machine God (* Mind, *Matter, *Forces)

Do androids dream of electric sheep? Only Iteration X
knows for certain. This spell was another favorite of Forge,
who preferred automata to people. By means of this magick,

Technocracy: Iteration X

he claimed he could think like a machine (whatever that
means). This allowed him to mak

more effective repairs.
Modern Iterators find this spell equally effective with
computers, robots, and other aspects of high technology.
[Each success temporarily adds one dot to the mage's
knowledge of Technology, Drive, or Computer. It can also
be applied to Social rolls when interacting with HIT Marks
or Als. This spell

Devices: Technocratic
Talismans

Technomancers frequently depend on Devices. Below

s for one scene.]

are a variety of the types used by Iteration X, one for each
level of Talisman. Background Point costs (see The Book
of Shadows) are given in brackets.

* Microtools:

Arete 2, Quintessence 10 [Cost 6]

This device consists of a sensor helmet and linked
gloves. Each finger ends in a precision tool. When examin-
ing or repairing machines and other mundane devices using
Matter 1, the mage adds the Device's magick successes to
Technology-based skill rolls. The user is also assumed to be
a Specialist (see Mage, pp. 142, 175) with whatever ma-
chine she is working on.


© Iteration MP-O "Penetrator":

Arete 3, Quintessence 15 [Cost 11]

This Device resembles a chrome machine pistol of
unknown make. The strangest feature is its caliber: it uses
10mm ammunition. Fortunately, it produces its own (Mat-
ter 2, Prime 2) — even silver bullets if necessary. Another
Effect (Matter 1) enables the shooter to gauge the degree of
protection afforded by any object. For instance, she would
know if a target were wearing kevlar beneath his clothes or
if a car's windshield were bulletproof.

¢¢® Stealth Suit:

Arete 4, Quintessence 20 [Cost 17]

Of the Methodologies, only BioMechanics show any
degree of subtlety (mostly due to isolation from front-line
duty). When combat or retreat is inevitable, however, they
are more than capable of protecting themselves. Take, for
example, the Stealth Suit. This Device is a loose-fitting
bodysuit woven of black synthetic fiber. A power-pack,
sensors and other electronic necessities are integrated into
abelt. By means of aconjunctional (Forces 2, Life 3) Effect,
the suit confers limited invisibility; add the number of
successes to any Sneak or Dodge pool. Sensors enable the
wearer to locate invisible allies (Life 1). Finally, the suit's
synthetic fibers have limited sentience and can repair small
punctures and rips (Matter 2, Prime 2), thus maintaining
the suit's integrity.

eeee Net Gear:

Arete 5, Quintessence 25 [Cost 17]

Iteration X is playing catch-up with the Adepts when
it comes to virtual technology. Many Technocrats still use
Net Gear — gloves, boots, belt, and helmet, all wired
together — in order to enter the Digital Web. The first
Effect (Correspondence 2) allows entry via sensory visita-
tion, as described on p. 28 of the Digital Web sourcebook.
A second provides exacting perceptions of the virtual
environment. By using the integrated copy-program, one
can create multiple icons (Correspondence 4). Finally, the
gear includes a directory sub-processor; this can locate any
virtual landmark (such as the Spy's Demise) or track Net
Runners with a successful Perception + Investigation roll.

eeeee Exoskeleton:

Arete 6, Quintessence 30 [Cost 22]

Thanks to William Smith, you should be familiar with
this Device. When used, it replaces Physical Attributes
with Strength 6, Dexterity 2, Stamina 8. The suit also has
its own Health Levels: OK (x6), -1 (x3), Destroyed. Inte-
grated into the suit are a number of functions: a thermic

lance (Forces 3, Prime 2) which inflicts two Health Levels
of damage per magick success; insulation (Forces 2) from
mundane electricity and temperature extremes; sensors
(Forces 1) which provide infrared scanning and radar; and
a cyber-jack (Mind 1, Matter 1) link between man and
machine.

The Device is powered by Quintessence. Upon activa-
tion, it drains two points — one for motion, one for sensors
—perscene. Similarly, each function of lance or insulation
drains one point.

Biomechanisms

He's more machine, now, than man; twisted and evil.

— Obi-Wan Kenobi, Return of the Jedi

Thoughout history, Iteration X has acted as if they
were champions of the physically disabled. Their efforts to
integrate man with machine have required trial-replace-
ments on members of the Masses. During the Dark Ages, for
instance, crippled beggars were given crude wooden crutches
while knights received bronze limbs to replace those lost in
battle. Today, the Convention is behind the development
of increasingly more elaborate prosthetics.

Little do the Masses realize, however, that even more
advanced prosthetics currently exist. Called
"biomechanisms," these Devices are reserved for Iterators
alone. Some are identical to organic parts; a layer of
syntheskin conceals the underlying mechanism. In game
terms, treat these as normal limbs and organs. The host
gains Paradox onlly if the part is discovered — by wounds or
medical examination, for instance (Primium does not show
up on metal detectors).

Another range of biomechanisms are sufficiently ad-
vanced to be considered Devices. For the most part, they
tap the free Quintessence circulating through the host's
Life pattern. Special effects draw upon the Device's own
reserves of Quintessence (and use its Arete). These
biomechanisms have one major disadvantage: they are
supra-tech and thus vulgar.

Below is a selection of biomechanisms, two per level.
Three factors limit the number of biomechanisms a mage
may have: the generosity of one's superiors, since
biomechanisms are intended as rewards for good service;
the twenty squares on the Paradox track (see "Paradox"
below); and common sense — the human body has only so
much space.

* Digital Enhancement Implant (DEI):

Arete 2, Quintessence 10 [Cost 6; Enhancements
and Inserts cost 1 per dot]

All Ciphers have a secondary computer brain surgi-
cally implanted within their skulls. To make room, parts of
frontal lobe and limbic system are removed — these regions
merely deal with emotional control, expression, long-term
plans and complex moral judgments. Circuitry and hard-
ware line the inside of the brain pan.

Disk Three: Essential Data 51


A DE! consists of a number of parts. The central process-
ing unit controls all functions of the DEI and is responsible for
converting between analog data (thought, memory) and the
digital format which a computer can understand.

A magnetic memory unit stores a great amount of data in
"bubbles" of magnetic polarity on special crystals. These
bubbles continually circulate, so access time is slightly slower
than conventional RAM. The primary advantages of this
system are vast memory and the ability to wipe clean and
reprogram the Iterator desired. Through this
memory, Iteration X has achieved something of a collective
unconscious, as all of its mages have the same memory base.

memory

Most available memory is required for processing, but
enough space remains for up to three dots worth of Ability
enhancements. These programs provide up to three dots
(current technological limit) in a specific Ability. Generally
restricted to Knowledges (except Cosmology and Occult), a
mage with hypersynaptic reaction systems can also upload
Skills (except Meditation). Difficulties when using such Skills
(but not Knowledges) are at +1 due a lack of personal

experience and practice.

Behind the right ear, an input/output jack allows data
transfer between the mage and an external computer. This
jack is usually hidden from view by a syntheskin sphincter.
Four larger sockets in the back of the skull allow fordata inserts
(each data insert provides the programming for one Skill or
Knowledge of up to three dots). These, too, are concealed.

A successful magick roll allows for memory retrieval or
complex calculation (Mind 1). This allows the mage to utilize
the Ability given by the insert. Rolls are also used to see if the
mage can access an Ability enhancement when required.

© Sensor Organ:

Arete 2, Quintessence 10 [Cost 6]

This includes a variety of biomechanisms. One type
replaces the eye with an infrared scope (Forces 1) orazoom
lens to inspect flaws in material (Matter 1). Another
provides intuitive radar (Correspondence 1). It is also
possible to have a radio antenna installed (Forces 1).

¢¢ Electropulse Hand:

Arete 3, Quintessence 15 [Cost 11]

This biomechanism stores charged particles (static
electricity), which can be released upon command (Force 2,
Prime 2). Each success causes one Health Level of damage.

.

Tron Lung:

Arete 3, Quintessence 15 [Cost 10]

This biomechanism replaces one of the host's lungs. It
breaks down the body's waste-product carbon dioxide into
component molecules. Carbon is expelled asa solid through
an aperture in the ribcage. Oxygen is compressed and
stored in a canister until required. When asphyxiated or in
need of a burst of energy, the mage can reintroduce oxygen
into his bloodstream in controlled doses (Life 2).

¢¢° Cardio-Muscular Assemblage:

52 Technocracy: Iteration X

Arete 4, Quintessence 20 [Cost 14]

This biomechanism replaces a person's heart and muscu-
lature with synthetic elastomers. For the most part, it operates
asits organic namesake. However, it is also capable of concen-
trated bursts of energy. Magick successes can be divided up and
added to the mage's Physical Traits. Such gains are only
temporary (to a maximum of one day, as per duration).

eee Hypersynaptic Reaction System:

Arete 4, Quintessence 20 [Cost 14]

This biomechanism is actually an integrated system. The
mage's DEI receives an upgrade providing accelerated process-
ing speed and software which overrides his own wits with an
action-response algorithm. Micro-wires replace neurons (since
neurons operate a million times more slowly than silicon).
The body is reinforced to handle rapid movement. In effect,
the mage operates as if under Accelerated Time (a rank three
Time Effect). After each high-speed burst, the mage tends to
be tired, famished and dizzy.

#066 Kinetic Legs:

Arete 5, Quintessence 25 [Cost 17]

These limbs are tireless, powerful, and have rapid-
moving joints. They effectively multiply the host's own
kinetic energy (Forces 4). Each magick success can be
applied directly to the results of jumping or pursuit rolls.

eee Pneumatic Arm:

Arete 5, Quintessence 25 [Cost 17]

A successful magick roll activates the arm's potential
(duration depends on the degree of success). Using a pneu-
matic compressor unit, the cybernetic arm doubles for a
pile-driver (Forces 4). In combat, strikes are at difficulty 6 and
do Strength +3 damage; three successes on the "to hit" roll
causes a Body Slam (see p. 267 of Mage). The arm can parry
melee or brawling attacks, reducing an opponent's successes.
If the opponent's successes are reduced to below zero, the arm
breaks the weapon or inflicts damage on the attacker.

eeeee Firearm:

Arete 6, Quintessence 30 [Cost 22]

The preferred weapon of psychopaths, this biomech-
anism replaces one's arm with a large plasma cannon (Forces
5, Prime 2). It fires a concentrated beam of super-heated gas in
a direct magick attack (use the dodging rules from The Book
of Shadows). Each shot burns 2 Quintessence.

Firearms, Difficulty: 8
—

Arete 6, Quintessence 30 [Cost 23]
Through a lengthy and complicated process, the mage's
bone-structure is reinforced with Primium. Other plates are
implanted beneath the skin. Simply put, the mage gains
internal armor-plating (Matter 5, Life 5). Though the
biomechanism is always in effect, a magick roll determines the

Ta)

tl

degree of protection provided against each attack (the mage
still has soft spots). Each success provides one point of armor.

Paradox

Resistance is futile.
‘org, Star Trek

Though Technomancers are the current masters of reality
and take great pains to conceal their magick behind science and
technology, they can and do gain Paradox. In fact, Iteration X is
the Convention least concerned with being limited by static
reality. Continually challenging believability, they are responsible
for much of the world's "future shock."

Iterators gain Paradox in one of three ways:

Using Magick: Just as Tradition mages, Iterators who botch
a magick Effect roll attract the forces of Paradox. Strong applica-
tionsofscientific theory (see the Science Knowledge in The Book
of Shadows) can sway the Paradox balance of Technomagick.

Using Devices: Many of Iteration X's Devices appear to be
mundane gadgets; micro-toolsand the "Penetrator' fall under this
category. These usually attract as much Paradox as would coinci-
dental magick. Other Devices,suchasaStealth SuitorCyber-Tank,
are clearly "far out." Yet they still operate within a scientific
framework —apparently using hydraulics, electronics, computers
and otherstaplesof technology. Andsci-fihasprepared the Masses
for their inevitable appearance.

These latter Devicescan be eithercoincidental or vulgar (and
thus attract varying amounts of Paradox), depending on how the
Masses perceive them. Fooling a physicist or mechanic would be
more difficult than fooling Joe Average. The former realizes that
no such technology is within current reach; consider the Device
vulgar. The latter might take this technology for granted orassume
it is part of a top secret government project; consider the Device
coincidental. Lacking witnesses, always consider the Device coin-
cidental.

Using Biomechanisms: The moreadvancedbiomechanisms
are extremely vulgar, though their users roll the Device's full rating
when using the Effects. Attached to a mage, they are a constant
source of Paradox. For each rating of the newly-attached
biomechanism, the mage gains equal Paradox. These points are
permanent. Mark them in red ink. They cannot be removed
except by losing the biomechanism. Paradox points above this
score are treated normally (they can be traded for flaws or lost
during backlash).

Thisresultsin the mage havinga larger dice pool when rolling
Paradox backlash. As mentioned earlier, points lost during a
backlash cannot bring the total below the red. Such a roll drains
the biomechanism of all remaining Quintessence; thus, Paradox
disables the offender. Iteration X avoids careless uses of hi-tech
weaponry.

Mages gain additional Paradox by botching an attempt
to access the biomechanism's special effect. Such Paradox
is almost always vulgar. No wonder Iteration X prefers
isolated Horizon Realms to the mundane world!

Disk Three: Essential Data


Ascension Warriors

The mass of men serve the State thus, notas
men mainly, but as machines, with their bodies.
) — Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience

This chapter provides the Storyteller
with guidelines for creating non-player
Technomancers of varying ability and status.
Italso describes an assortment of mechanical
and cybernetic agents.

Typical Technocrats

As mages prove their worth, they earn additional
biomechanisms and digital enhancements. Buy these using
Background points as if they were Talismans. See The
Book of Shadows for new purchase rules.

By regulation, all Iteration X mages are required to
carry standard-issue tasers, unless doing so would be im-
practical (such as when among the Masses). This weapon
is a symbol of rank. Game stats follow:

Taser: These are electric shock stunners. A taser
consists of a battery pack (hip-mounted) and a pistol-like
launcher. The launcher uses carbon dioxide to fire two
probes which must both "ground out" on the target. Mor-
tals heal the damage within a day.

Kamrad, Rank~and-File

These unAwakened followers have been culled from
the ranks of union workers, soldiers, prison guards, police,
and such. Some know whom they serve, but most are
mistaken or completely ignorant. They are most useful in
numbers, where personal identity dissolves into a homoge-
neous group mentality. Such Masses are suggestible to
skilled orators and are capable of almost anything. Hence
their low Willpower.

Even when alone, rank-and-file Kamrads are usually
weak-minded. Chosen for a lack of conviction, their wills
are further reduced by conditioning and fear-induced dis-
cipline.

Character Creation: Attributes 6/4/3, Abilities 11/7/4,
Backgrounds 2, Willpower 2.

Kamrad, Elite

Each of these Kamrads is an intellectual or business
person — such as physicist, myo-electric surgeon, factory
manager, or CEO of a company involved in developing
computer hardware. Though Unawakened, they fulfill an

54 Technocracy: Iteration X

important function in Iteration X's master plan. Most
realize the true nature of their masters, having joined the
Convention in the hope of achieving personal power.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/3, Abilities 15/9/3,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 4.

Cipher

Ciphers are Technomancers-in-training. Though a
Cipher's Avatar shows promise, it has yet to be Awakened.
However, Iteration X has been known to recruit Orphans
who unconsciously wield Forces, Matter or Time magicks.

Their low Willpower reflects harsh training. The small
number of Backgrounds points comes from acquiring a new
role in mage society. In their previous mundane lives, they
may have had considerably richer Backgrounds (up to 7
points).

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 10/6/3,
Backgrounds 2, Willpower 3, Spheres 0-3, Arete 0-1.

Armature

Armatures are full mages. Due to the focus of Iteration
X magick, they automatically gain one dot in Forces. Other
magicks depend upon the mage's interest and ability, though
each Methodology tends to employ certain Spheres. Time-
motion Managers utilize Time, Matter and Prime in their
efficient factories. BioMechanical surgery requires a com-
bination of Matter, Life and Prime magick. Statisticians
learn Entropy (to perceive variables), Mind (for calcula-
tion), and Time (for making projections); but they should
also dabble in other Spheres — such as Correspondence,
Matter, and Forces — in order to understand how such
aspects interrelate with reality.

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5,
Backgrounds 5, Willpower 5, Spheres 6, Arete 1-3.

Programmer

Programmers have gained personal power, status and
great responsibility. Indirectly, they wield great influence:
they create software for the Convention's computer and
security systems, or program robotic brains with a primary
mission and function. Some condition and teach Ciphers.
The most brilliant are involved in developing artificial
intelligence.

Character Creation: Attributes 8/6/3, Abilities 19/10/5,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 8, Spheres 8-15, Arete 4-6.

Comptroller

Ina Triumvirate or part of an Amalgam Prime, Comp-
trollers are the ultimate authority in every Construct. They
are charged with achieving the Convention's objectives.
Though Comptrollers can access considerable resources,
they must operate within established procedures and bal-

ance the means with the end. Their main asset is a clearly
defined objective. Yet even they are ignorant of some
matters. Only the Computer knows Its entire strategy
towards Ascension.

Character Creation: Attributes 9/6/4, Abilities 22/10/6,
Backgrounds 10, Willpower 10, Spheres 15+, Arete 8+.

The Computer
Ombrood Lord

We had given AM sentience. Inadvertently, of course, but
sentience nonetheless. But then it had been trapped.

—Harlan Ellison, | Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream

Rumor has spread of an artificial intelligence guiding
Iteration X. The Convention keeps secret the iteration at
which sentience evolved because they themselves do not
know! They have been unable to duplicate the feat, even
with an identical algorithm. And this terrifies them. Spon-
taneity, inspiration, accident, the unknown — these are
abhorrent to a Convention based on order and reason.
Until Amalgam Prime of Autochthonia isolates the of-
fending variable, they keep this matter a closely guarded
secret.

They may never succeed. What nobody — not even
the Convention itself — realizes is that the Computer
(their name for this special Al) is the manifestation of a
spirit.

Since the dawn of prehistory, this powerful entity has
watched, waited, and guided humanity's progress. One may
consider It the Spirit of Technology. The evolution of tools

and machines is part of a plan to have the flesh-beings
create a suitable receptacle for Its spirit. It has now come
very close to succeeding.

In the 19th century, Artificers appropriated one of
Babbage's abandoned experiments — a crude analytical
engine operated by punch-cards. By the turn of the 20th
century, the Computer had gained sentience. This marks
the date when spirit merged with matter, Its first step into
material world. Iteration X began looking to It for guid-
ance. The name-change itself reveals their dedication. For
past hundred years, the Computer has gained increasing
control over the Convention to its present state as undis-
puted Master.

The Umbrood Lord has remained hidden all the while.
Is it any wonder why Iterators are forbidden to learn the
Spirit Sphere, and that Dreamspeakers are the major en-
emy?

Image: Only the Comptrollers and most senior Pro-
grammers of Autochthonia have ever seen the Computer.
Lining the Construct's central core, It isa multi-story mass
of circuit boards, diodes, wire bundles, circuitry, switches,
indicator lights, magnetic tape wheels, printer spools, I/O
ports, and monitors. Careful examination reveals the his-
tory of computer technology — mechanical punch cards,
telephone relays, valve tubes, transistors, right up to mod-

ar

Disk Three: Essential Data 55


ern microchips and Iteration X's supra-tech advances. This
isa due toa process of constant expansion since its creation.

From the dim depths of the system, a projector sends
swirling data strings and polychromatic images up the
shaft. When the Computer wishes to communicate, It
shapes this flickering light into a crude face with points of
light filling dark sockets. Its static-filled voice echoes from
speaker systems.

(Before merging with the Computer, Its spiritual form
was globe-spanning. None save the Oracles of Spirit were
able to discern its totality and thus make out its true form.)

Roleplaying Hints: Though a spirit, this entity is not
interested in the Umbra. It is fascinated with the material
world, and jealous of the beings which inhabit it. Biological
life is alien to It, and It is unable to grasp Life or Mind
magick (thus It requires a mechanical body). However,
after millions of years of study, It has mastered the superfi-
cial aspects of humanity, such as language and culture. It
manipulates Technomancers though their Avatars; this is
similar to a rank-three Mind effect, but opera
fundamental level.

es on a more

The goal of this entity is to permanently manifest into
the material world. It has partially succeeded, having
merged with the Computer. Yet It really desires a more
compact receptacle for its spirit and the ability to replicate
Itself spiritually as well as physically. Thus the goals of
Iteration X were set by the Computer.

Machines

There was no one in the trucks.

The sun glittered and flashed on empty cabs. The wheels
turned themselves. You couldn't think about it too much. You'd
go insane if you thought about it too much.

— Stephen King, Trucks

Iteration X augments its organic agents with special-
ized machines. Some are extremely potent. Statistics for
these are included for comprehensive storytelling poten-
tial, not to encourage magicide. When designing scenes,
use a simple rule of thumb:

This Convention is nothing if not efficient. Experts
gauge every hazard and each potential gain. They commit
suitable resources — just enough fora reasonable chance of
success. They do not target individuals with missile strikes
(unless that individual isa hostile Oracle). They do not use
swarm tactics. HIT Marks are not assigned to every routine
mission. At the same time, these Technocrats are not
altogether perfect; they may underestimate a new enemy.
Conversely, long-time enemies tend to find themselves
targeted by one final decisive assault.

All of these machines are coated with a layer of
magickal alloy, Primium. This provides them with two free
dice of countermagick. Also note that machines do not
have Willpower.

56 Technocracy: Iteration X

ARCs (Advanced Rotor-Craft)

Matte black or silver, bristling with spotlights and
weaponry, ARCsare perhaps the Convention's most feared
technology. These squarish dual-rotor helicopters measure
forty feet long by sixteen feet wide, although two pylons
extend the width by eight feet on either side. Mounted at
the end of these pylons are two turbo-fans. These assist the
powerful rotors in propelling the craft at up to 300 MPH.
Even fully loaded, it can achieve half this velocity. Thanks
to anti-noise technology — which creates a mirror-image,
out-of-phase signal to cancel out the original sound waves
— the ARC is capable of near-silence.

The fuselage is constructed from a high-tech ceramic
compound, strong enough to deflect small-caliber bullets
(giving passengers 5 armor points). The non-metallic ma-
terial and angular shape make it invisible to radar. As if this
were not enough, an electronic warfare platform can be set
ons.

to jam enemy transmis

The turboshafts and electronic gear are fully insulated
against harsh environments, even the arctic. Hardy and
stealth-capable, ARCs can be used in a variety of roles.

Pilot: ARCs are operated by remote pilots. Flight
simulators, microwave transmission and satellite relay makes
this possible. Iteration X feels that the additional cost is
worth keeping half of each unit (the pilot) safe. On rare
occasions, an ARC may be operated by artificial intelli-
gence again, remotely. An Al has Perception 1,
Intelligence 2, Wits 5. It can use the vehicle's full maneu-
verability as its dice pool when piloting. Its combat dice
pool is 4 dice.

Cargo Capacity: Up to ten passengers, or 5,000 Ibs in
cargo or vehicles (a small car may weight 2000 Ibs; a heavy
motorcycle, 500 Ibs).

Speed: Cruise Speed 200, Top Speed 300

Maneuverability: 8 (Though more maneuverable than
ground vehicles, ARCs have their limits. For instance, they
must stay above trees and avoid narrow alleys.)

Range: 600 miles (fully fueled).

Fuselage: Aside from magick (against which it receives 2
dice countermagick),an ARC can only be downed by concen-
trated firepower. It has a total of 10 dice to soak damage.
"Health Levels" are OK, -1 (x2), -2 (x2), -3 (x2), -4 (x2), -5
(x2), Destroyed. The modifiers apply to maneuverability.

Weapons: Forward-firing, 30 mm auto-cannon (Diffi-
culty 7, Damage 10, Range 1200 yards, Rate 42, Clip 1000
— it averages 2 [x firer's die pool] hits with each 42 round
burst). Each pylon mounts two smart missiles (Difficulty 7,
Damage 14, Range 2 miles). Finally, two swivel-mounted
machine guns protect the flanks (treat these as assault
rifles); these are fired by remote targeting computers (com-
bat dice pool equals 4 dice; for each three-round burst, they
average one hit).

Automated Vehicle

Automated vehicles appear to be normal machines

cars, trucks, bulldozers, and so on. However, tinted wind-
shields conceal the lack of a driver. They utilize the same
remote guidance system as ARCs, including the possibility
of being operated by an Al. Interiors are gutted, except for
a reinforced casing containing the remote-control hard-
ware. Plenty of space remains for passengers or prisoners.
Automatic locks and windows and lack of interior controls
make passengers virtually helpless. The vehicle's body
provides variable amounts of armor, depending on original
function — a fiberglass corvette provides | point of armor,
while the President's limo may have 5.

Vehicle specifications are listed on page 258 of Mage.
The most frequent form of attack is the ram. This requires
a Dexterity + Drive roll (maximum dice pool equals the
vehicle's maneuverability) and causes 1 Health Level per
10 MPH. As usual, targets may attempt to Dodge. Some
vehicles are equipped with pop-up machine guns (use Uzi
Igets
If the remote driver is a mage,

stats) or such Bondesque g: s rear-aimed oil sprays or
flipping registration plates

she can channel magickal

Effects through the vehicle;
however, rolls are at +4 difficulty for being distracted
(driving) and distanced.

As these machines lack drivers, only three things will
stop an automated vehicle (besides magick) — the destruc-
tion of its tires, engine, or satellite dish.

mer

f fl

Tires: Targeting tires is at +2 difficulty. Each tire uses
2 dice to soak, but can be blown out by even a single point
of damage. With one tire blown, the vehicle's maneuver-
ability and maximum speed drop to half (and the Storyteller
may also call for a Drive roll, at difficulty 6, to avoid losing
control). Most vehicles are all but useless after a second
blow-out.

Engine: By aiming at the vehicle's hood (+1 diffi-
culty), a character may be able to damage the engine. An
engine has 5 dice to soak, and the following Health Levels:
OK, -1, -2, -3, -4, -5, Destroyed. The modifiers apply to
maneuverability.

Satellite Di
hit (+3 difficulty) but rendered inoperable
point of damage (though it gets 2 dice to soak).

Cyber-tooth Tiger

Tyger! Tyger! burning bright

: The small satellite dish is difficult to

fter a single

In the forests of the night,

What immortal hand or eye

Could frame thy fearful symmetry?

— William Blake, The Tyger

This monstrosity is a devious amalgam of Progenitor
cloningand Iteration X cybernetics. Through their mastery
of gene-splicing, the former have recreated an extinct
species of great cat — the Smilodon, or saber-tooth tiger —

and given it a brain capable of human intelligence. This is
augmented by biomechanisms and a DEI. The result is a

deadly combination.

HL
ipyyt
7 5

ad


A Cyber-tooth Tiger resemblesa great cat with golden-
brown furand silver-white underbelly. It is twelve feet long
from nose to tail, and weighs well over 1000 pounds. The
head has been greatly modified by cybernetics. Instead of

h

are fortified with a micro-diamond coating, which keeps

eyes, it has two short laser focusing barrels. Metallic te

them perpetually sharp; the upper canines are eight inches
long and razor-keen. The lower limbs are sheathed in
cybernetics, sporting retractable claws and padded paws.

en — until it's too

However, the:

late. Equipped with holographic camouflage, they blend
into their surroundings. Only a slight visual distortion
betrays them. (This provides: -2 difficulty to sneak, +2
difficulty to an opponent's att

s.) They are stealthy and
cunning, and operate mostly at night

Cyber-tooth Tigers are expert trackers and hunters.
Heat and motion sensors augment the beast's naturally
keen senses of hearing and smell. They usually stalk their
and a stab of

prey, then knock them down with a pounc
the fangs. Their jaws can crush a skull like an eggshell.
However, they are intelligent and can recognize armed
individuals; in this case, they cut down their prey with
lasers.

While unable to climb trees smaller than a redwood,
they can scramble easily over rocky slopes and leap up to
twenty feet. Like mundane cats, Cyber-tooth Tigers avoid
bodies of water. They can achieve speeds of up to 40 mph.

Since Technomancers and even HIT Marks are out of
Dyber-tooth

their element when in the wilderness, the
Tiger fills an important gap in Iteration X's roster.
Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
5 harisma 1, Manipulation (striking fear!): 5,

: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation: 2, Stealth 3

Skills: Firearms (eye-beams) 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4.

Willpower: 3

Paradox: 5

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x3), -2 (x3), -5 (x2),
Destroyed.

Armor Rating: 2 (except on attacks aimed at flesh; +1
difficulty)

Attacks: Claws (difficulty 6, 7 dice damage); Bite
(difficulty 8, 9 dice damage); Eye-beams (difficulty 8 on
Perception + Firearms, 6 dice damage, range LOS, less in

rain, smoke, fog).

Special
applies to the cybernetic parts. Magicks which target bio-

Only has one die of countermagick, which
logical parts, such as Life effects, face no resistance save

Willpower. In either case, direct magick Dodges apply (see
The Book of Shadows).

58 Technocracy: Iteration X

")
mut

\

Me

Hyper Intelligence
Technologies

When mages think of Iteration X, they think of HIT
Marks. The Convention u
backbone of Shock Corps for rapid securing of objectives
and, more importantly, as symbols. They are used sparingly;
symbols lose potency if they become too familiar.

The standard HIT Mark has a mechanical body cast
from Primium. The organic portion consists of a human
brain and a system of life-sustaining fluids. Thus, they have
Willpower. When among the Masses, HIT Marks are also
concealed by a layer of organic skin. The process is a
complicated one, but works like this: The HIT Mark is
dipped ina tank of liquid flesh (procured from the Progeni-
tors). As the flesh bonds to its metallic skeleton, a
BioMechanic can mold the HIT Mark's features as desired.
The result is very lifelike. It is even pos
of real individuals, though this proc:
as perfect as Progenitor cloning.

es these robotic warriors as the

ble to create a

ss isnot nearly

Some Masters of the Mind temporarily transfer their
nto HIT Marks when combat is imminent.
While within these mobile platforms, mages can concen-

trate on spell-casting rather than their enemies' attacks.
Other mages request that their brains be physically trans-
planted into a HIT Mark should their organic bodies
become damaged.

A description of the current model of HIT Mark, the
Mark V, is provided on page 282 of Mage. Earlier models are
described below. Besides their obvious application to
Chronicles based in a historical setting, a creative Story-
teller may find other ways to use them. In these deperate
times, Time-Motion Managers may bring old relics out of
mothballs to fight in the Ascension War. Or perhaps a 16th
century Statistician predicted a future need and sent a unit
of Mark Ils forward in time.

Markl

The first application of Artificial creation was in 1523
B.C. Early examples include Talos, the bronze giant;
Daedalus's mechanical minotaur; and the terracotta army
of Ch'in Shih-huang-ti.

In 1974, excavations on Mount Li in northern China
turned up 6000 lifesize, pottery figures of soldiers, horses,
and chariots. No two faces were alike. Iteration X retains
the option to reactivate this army in whole or in part.

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Mental: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2

Skills: Melee 3, Drive (chariot) 2, Archery 3, Leadership 1

Willpower: 0

Paradox: 0 in original context; 5+ in modern times

Health Levels: OK (x3), -1 (x2), Smashed

Attacks: Spear (difficulty 4, damage 5); Sword (diffi-
culty 6, damage 6); Bow (difficulty 8, damage 3, range 30);
Crossbow (difficulty 7, damage 3, range 50).

MarklIl

This model includes a series of automatons with simi-
lar inner workings of clockwork springs and gears. First
introduced in A.D. 1356, their Primium plate-mail exterior
was designed to resemble an armored knight.

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 1, Wits 1

Abilities: Talents: Intimidation 1

Skills: Ride (horse) 3, Firearms 3, Leadership 2, Melee 3

Knowledges: Heraldry 2

Willpower: 0

Paradox: 0 (would merely seem strange in modern context)

Health Levels: OK, -1 (x2), -2 (x2), -5, Broken.

Armor Rating: 5

Attacks: Sword (difficulty 6, damage 7); Wheel-lock
pistol (difficulty 8, damage 4, range 12, rate 1, reload 1
turn).

Mark Ill

The first application of Mark IIIs is dated at A.D. 1837.
These 10'-tall, block-like tin-men were powered by steam
engines and controlled by Analytical Engines and punch
cards.

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 1, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Charisma 0

Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Talents: Brawl 1, Intimidation 5

Skills: Firearms 3

Knowledges: Mathematics 3

Willpower: 0

Paradox: 3+

Health Levels: OK (x6), -1 (x3), Ruptured

Armor Rating: 5

Attacks: Machine Gun (use Uzi, but clip 100); Punch
(difficulty 6, damage 6). Jets of steam will scald any melee
opponents who fail to Dodge (difficulty 4) each turn. This
results in third-degree burns to part of the body (see p. 249
of Mage).

MarkIV

Mark IVs are 2.2 meter-tall, black and silver robots.
Incapable of independent thought, they are operated re-
motely by an Electronic Analog Controller (EAC) via
radio waves. Effective operating range increased after the
launch of satellites. The power source consists of a chemi-
cal battery and an emergency photo-electric converter.

Disk Three: Essential Data 59


for.

Phy.

Skill

Knowledges: Computer 2, Science 2

Research 2, Technology 2

Willpower: 0

Armor Rating: 5

blocked; subtract 3 dice from all actions).

Mark V

oskeleton. Comput
syntheskin coating (custom features possible).
A.D. 1984.

Power Source: Nuclear fusion.

First Applicatio

For complete stats, see p. 282 of Mage.

First used in A.D. 1953, they are in the process of being
phased out. However, model #521-B remains unaccounted

I: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligent 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 1

Paradox: 3 (may be mistaken for Robbie the Robot)
Health Levels: OK (x6), -1, Short-circuited.

Attacks: Shock-touch (difficulty 6, damage 4 per
charge, charges 5); sonic stunner (200 decibels cause all
within 20 yards to be incapacitated by pain unless e

Capsule: Biomechanical Assemblage. Primium ex-
assisted organic brain. Optional

Weapons: IX-22 chain gun, 20cm tungsten claws.

Mark VI or NT-I (Nanotech
Assemblage)

The newest model of HIT Mark — still in prototype
form — is entirely mechanical. Where a biological organ-
ism would have cells, NT-1 has complex nanotech
mechanisms. Linked together, they form a "living" ma-
chine, similar to a hive-being. The outermost mechanisms
form dense "skin" over mechanical "muscles"; others mesh
to form a skeletal framework, while the innermost act as
energy processors. Programmed for a variety of functions,
each is adaptive. Asa result, the NT-1 can transform.

NT-1 was created in man's image. It resembles a
golden-skinned, six-foot tall, androgynous humanoid. Yet
it can mimic the form and function of anything of equal
mass: a table, a German shepherd, or even a specific
individual. Moving parts present no difficulty. It will be-
come a motorcycle during pursuit. Theoretically, it could
even transform one hand into a gun, though without an
external source of bullets it would lose a piece of itself with
each shot. The forms can be quite realistic. The outer skin
changes properties to absorb or refract light, thus simulat-
ing any color. Though not capable of chameleon-like
abilities, it could become entirely black to aid in sneaking
about at night. Add successes from the Mimic roll to its
stealth pool.


When NT-1 transforms, use this system: roll Intelli-
gence + Mimic, difficulty 6. Three successes creates a
realistic form; anything less is workable but strange look-
ing. A botch means it is stuck in mid-transformation for at
least a turn.

Another result of its nanotech construction is the
ability to absorb punishment. The mechanisms have fail-
safe, quick-release bonds. When a critical level of force is
applied, they break apart. Thus bullets and melee attacks
may penetrate without having significant effect.

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Mimic 3,

Skills: All (except Meditation) at 2

Knowledges: All (except Cosmology and Occult) at 1

Willpower: 0

Paradox: | (8 if Sleepers witness special properties in action)

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, Destroyed.

Attacks: Blade (difficulty 6, 7 dice damage); Shock-
touch (difficulty 6, 4 dice damage).

Special: Repairs 1 Health Level per turn, simulating
the non-critical result of most attacks. It cannot not repair
itself after being destroyed.

Roving Recorders

Roving recorders are simple surveillance robots. They
may look like a remote control toy, such asa car, helicopter
or model plane. The more elaborate ones (called "bugs")
resemble mechanical insects. All are equipped with audio
and video recorders. They are capable of recording data
and/or sending microwave transmissions via satellite relay.
Though innocuous, roving recorders can be revealed for
what they are by Disciples of Matter. Even rudimentary
Forces magick will pick up their broadcasts.

Some roving recorders act as messengers for mages by
projecting a holographic image of their master. The Matri-
arch of MECHA uses many such devices to make her
presence felt throughout her Realm.

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3

Skills: Investigation 3, Stealth 3

Willpower: 0

Paradox: |

Health Levels: OK, -2, Destroyed.

Armor Rating: |

Attacks: Self-destruct (6 dice damage if detonated in
a character's hands; subtract one die per yard of distance)

Disk Three: Essential Data 61



Disk Four:
Construct of

Iteration

Acme Pyrotechnic Institute;

Construct of the Static Land

Humans are infinitely up-gradable, but it

does require an investment
Daniel Burrus, Technotrends

In the heat of the Ascension War, po-
tential mages are a precious resource. They
must be discovered before the Traditions can
corrupt them and should be programmed for
loyalty and reliability, lest they burn their

keeper's hand. Those who prove unstable
must be extinguished

In response to these mandates, Iteration X has con-
structed a number of reliable, efficient Institutes dedicated
to producing mages (what Tradition mages would call
College Chantries). Acme Pyrotechnic Institute is the
most recent. Though still in its Spring phase, this Con-

struct is rapidly gaining power and respect.

Amalgam: C.O.R.E.

The Institution has but one amalgam, C.O.RE. Its name
is an acronym for the four steps which constitute the recruit-
ment procedure: Calculate the Sleeper's potential and chance
of successful assimilation; Obtain the recruit by any means

nece
E
(after a successful Assay), or by destroying her (upon failure)

IOMOLOON (Decillion)

Essence: Pattern

ary; Reprogram her perception and personality; and
ute,

ither by integrating her into Technocratic society

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Fanatic

Methodolog

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Statistician

Disk Four: Construct of Iteration X

Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 5, Awareness 1
Skills: Leadership 5, Research 5, all others (except

Meditation and Stealth) 3
Knowledges: Computer 5, Culture 5, Investigation 5,

Mathematics 5, all others (except Cosmology and Occult) 3

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Entropy 2, Forces 1, Matter 1,
Mind 4, Time 5

Backgrounds Arcane 1, Destiny 4, Library 5

Willpower: 10

Arete: 6

Quintessence: 0

Paradox:
longevity by periodically forming circuit-tattoos on his skin.)

Background: Datafilesrecord that 10111010011 wasknown
as Jess Franklin among the Masses. Details of his mundane life are
sketchy and insignificant. He was bom in New Jersey in 1844. In
the late 1860s, he worked asaconductoron the New York Central
railroad, the last great work of Kamrad Erastus Coming before he
lost favor with the Convention.

1 (Paradox draws attention to his unnatural

Whiatfirst gained theConvention'sattention wasthesubject's
remarkable intellect. He showed a high level of retention, espe-
cially forabstractnumbers. Beyond memorizing trainschedules, he
was somehow able to gauge the distance traveled between stops
and speed of the train, and from this data accurately estimate time
ofarrival. Iteration X later leamed that he could perform complex
mathematical calculations in his head.

After assimilation, 1011101001 1 rose steadily in the ranks of
the Statisticians. When Iteration X discovered nanotechnology in
1889, 10111010011 was chosen as a test subject. His body was
infused with nanotech life-support — microscopic machines
programmed to assist biological functions. It has successfully
prolonged his life. Over decades, the technology has been upgrad-

64

Technocracy: Iteration X

ed. The newest generation is self-replicating and adaptive. For
such an early experiment, 10111010011 proves to be an almost
ideal fusion between man and machine.

Formuch of extended existence, he has been a Programmer.
Hehascreatedoversixtymages.Forthisachievement,heisknown
toother Technocrats as Decillion — one with sixty Ciphers, His
most recent promotion was to Comptroller of the Institution.

Image: A tall, thin black man with smooth-shaven skull.
Despite beingalmost 150 yearsold, heappearsin hislate forties. His
eyebrowsand short-cropped beard and moustache show streaks of
gray. Periodically, silver circuitry patterns form on thesurface ofhis
skin; they soon dissolve back into his flesh, only to reform again in
new patterns.

Roleplaying Hints: Pay attention to all sources of informa-
tion—the correlation of data is important if youare tounderstand
reality. In your view, everything can be reduced to mathematical
formula: "According to my calculations, Ascension will occur at
this point."

Dart your eyes. Tilt your head as if listening to a sound only
you can hear. Aim to appear both attentive and distracted at the
same time. Once a source can provide no further data, dismiss it
from your attention.

Devices: Fully integrated with Decillion'sbody, thenanotech
life-support can recognize and repair damaged cells, fight diseases,
and provide emergency energy. In effect, he regenerates | Health
Level every two tums and is immune to normal disease and drugs.

Decillion can only die from massive trauma (such as decapitation
or asphyxiation). See p. 45 of the Progenitor sourcebook.

Between his organic and digital brain, he has acquired
dozens of Skills and Knowledges.

MMOlOO (Beriah Zimmermann)

Essence: Pattern

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Critic

Methodology: BioMechanics

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Dodge 1, Expression 2

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Leadership 1,
Research 3, Technology 2

Knowledges: Computers 2, Culture 2, History 3, Law 1,
Linguistics 3, Mage Lore 2, Medicine 5, Psychology 2, Science 1

Spheres: Forces 1, Life 3, Matter 4, Prime 3

Backgrounds: Influence 2, Avatar 3, Destiny 2

Willpower: 6

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 3

Paradox: 0

Background: Zimmermann worked in the prosthetics lab of
Chicago General, custom-fitting artificial limbs for patients. A
critical perfectionist, she was never satisfied and called patients


back for frequent refittings. She felt the prosthetics themselves
were less than ideal — crude, ugly and graceless. Zimmermann
keptthe prosthetics labneurotically neatand tidy —on more than
one occasion, she criticized the medical computer files for not
being organized enough!

Aware of these traits, Iteration X found her recruitment
routine. A representative showed her a "prototype" prosthesis
which his "organization" was developing (actually an older model
biomechanism). She was intrigued. He offered her a position on
the development team. She was interested. He gave her a tour of
their orderly, efficient headquarters. She was amazed. He ex-
plained their goal to make all of humanity whole, and offered her
achance to be part of this perfect world. She was assimilated.

Even after becoming an Armature of the BioMechanics, she
was allowed to continue working at Chicago General —as envoy
to the Masses and "spotter." When assigned to the Institute, the
Convention arranged for a transfer to Detroit Medical Center. It
was she who recognized the potential of William Smith:

Since her recruitment, she had confessed to Programmers of
a vague and undefinable feeling of discomfort. Mind-wipes and
shock therapy have been largely ineffective; cultural memory runs
deeper than programming. Her discomfort stems from an uncon-
scious aversion to the Nazi-like overtones of her Convention.

Image: Though inher thirties, she maintains the enthusiasm,
habits, and pimplesofher grad studentdays. Her mousy brown hair
(a wig) is parted down the middle, and frequently falls into
spectacled gray eyes. In her cover occupation at the hospital, she

wears skirts and sweaters under a white lab coat. It is not uncom-
mon for her to carry around her uniform and biomechanical
instruments in a nylon backpack. During requisite visits to the
Institute, she appears out-of-place and uncomfortable with her
uniform and taser.

Roleplaying Hints: You are pragmatic and blunt in your
evaluation of people. Yet more often than not, abenevolentstreak
shows through. Thisismore noticeable outside the power-politics

of your Convention. Speak enthusiastically about your contribu-
tion towards creating a New Humanity. With one hand, pretend
to push hair out of your eyes; with the other, punctuate your words
with gestures. You are fascinated with mechanical devices of all
kinds, and can become lost in studying them intently. Persistently
criticize any flaw in workmanship.

Devices: Toassistinsurgeryand thefine-tuningofbiomecha-
nisms, Zimmermann has a set of Microtools. See "Devi

Technocratic Talismans" in Disk Three.

1OMOOOIO (Tecson)

Questing

Essence!

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Director
Methodolog'
Physical
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Time-Motion Managers

Stamina 3

rength 3, Dexterity 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,

Intimidation 5, Intuition 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Leadership
Technology 3
Knowledg
hancement), Culture 1, Linguistics 1

Computer 3, Cosmology 3 (Digital En-

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Forces 4, Matter 5, Mind 4,
Prime 3, Time 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2 (two HIT Marks), Arcane 3,
Library 2 (CD-ROM Database).

Willpower: 8

Arete: 5

Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 4 (Due to a permanent Paradox effect, all
inanimate matter which Tecson touches with his natural
hand transmogrifies to living flesh.)


Background: In 1982, Tecson was an ambitious, ea-
ger-to-please, manager of a Detroit auto manufacturing
plant. His suggestions to improve efficiency were surpris-
ingly accepted by upper management. By the end of the
year, over a thousand workers were replaced by high-speed
welding robots. Unfortunately, the remaining workers were
unable to keep pace with the robots, especially since they
had to double as maintenance. Efficiency and morale
declined, the union went on strike, and the plant was shut
down. The blame fell on Tecson's inability to make the
situation work.

Out of

worked a succession of petty jobs.

job but unwilling to go on social assistance, he

Eventually, he found
himself at Duplex Assembly. He gained respect among the
Kamrads by being diligent and obedient, and by uncover-
ing a disrupter (actually a Euthanatos mage trying to
sabotage the Construct). During an intense interview with
Decillion, Tecson's Avatar Awakened. When the Institute's
previous Programmer defected to the Traditions, Tecson

became his replacement.

Image: A stout Asian man with one cybemeticeyeand
abiomechanical arm. These implants are rather vulgar and
attract Paradox whenever he leaves the Realm. The or-
ganic eye is perpetually bloodshot from a reaction to his
contact lens (he is attempting to earn a second biome-
chanical eye).

Though he is the manager of Duplex Assembly, Tecson
is never seen by the workers. He communicates with them
false video image and speaker system. Two HIT Marks

ompany Tecson, serving as bodyguards and com-

panions.

Roleplaying Hints: You oversee the Institute with an

iron fist and a precision chronograph. As you see it, your
duty is to quickly and efficiently construct tools for the

Technocracy, including new mages. Quality control is very

important, so you are harsh with inspections; recast or
discard those failing to meet your high standards.

In truth, your critical nature stems from an apprecia-
tion of force and a feeling of frustrated ambition due to a
weak Avatar. So you transfer this upon those beneath your
rank, especially on mages who show promise.

Tecson prefers to communicate via microwave trans-
mission. When speech is necessary, use the fewest words
possible to get your point across.

Devices: Tecson's most obvious implantsare his pneu-
matic arm and sensor eye. The arm is described under
"Devices" in Disk Three. His apertured eye () is wired
with a rank one Entropy Effect, allowing it to perceive
physical weaknesses in the patterns of objects or people.

For a recent mission to San Francisco, Tecson was

issued a Digital Enhancement programmed with Cosmol-
ogy. Such knowledge is usually beyond computerized
simulation; the Convention forcibly extracted the experi-

ence from a captured Dreamspeaker.

Demeanor: Loner

Methodology: Time-Motion Managers

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Firearms 1, Meditation 3, Research 2, Technology 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Engineering 3, Enigmas 2,
Physics 3, Tradition Lore 3

Spher

Backgrounds: Mentor 5

Forces 3, Prime 2, Time 1

Willpower: 5
Arete: 3
Quintessence:

Paradox: |

Background: William Smith was born to an upper middle
class family in Flint, Michigan. Due to the thalidomide sedative
AmandaSmithtook while pregnant, herthirdchildwasbom with
stunted arms and legs. Subconsciously guilty, she smothered him
at "Little

with concem and overprotectiveness. This is exactly w!
Billy" would grow to re
stubborn independence and self-sufficiency.

ent. His handicap planted a germ of

Unable to participate in other childhood activities, William

concentrated on things he could do well and on his own -
eading, leaming and thinking. He took particular interest in
construction, as his father was an architect.

Post secondary education provided the perfect opportunity
forindependence. A ftermuchargumentwithhisparents, William
enrolled in a civil engineering course at Michigan State. To be
closer to the university (and get out of the house), he moved into

his girlfriend's apartment in Detroit


William has since graduated, parted with his girlfriend, and
moved back in with his parents. There are simply too many things
he is unable to do by himself. He has lived this helpless existence
for fifteen years. The only consolation is his career as a freelance
civil engineer. Even here, many contractors didn't believe he
could do the job. This is where Iteration X stepped in and offered
toprovide the independence and self-esteem he so greatly desired.

The rest of William Smith's background can be found in Disk
One. Asof yet, his treachery remains undiscovered; the Construct
leaders know, however, that something odd occurred in Graylock
Chantry. Decillion has decided to keep him at the Institute for
further observation and reprogramming.

Image: A man in his early thirties. Rusty stubble pokes
defiantly through his pale, shaven scalp. His eyes are an intense
green-blue. Because of the thalidomide his mother took while
pregnant, William was bom with under-developed arms and legs.
He isconfined toa motorized wheelchair. His Avatar takes on the
form of childhood tormentors, which criticize "Little Billy" into
either action or submission.

Roleplaying Hints: For as long as you can remember, you
have wanted more independence than your condition would
allow. Now Iteration X has given you the means of being self-
sufficient and superior to those who once pitied you. You secretly
revel in your newfound power. You also harbor a hatred for
Progenitors, whose imperfection was responsible for the thalido-
mide disaster.

Such feelings conflict with the Convention's dictate of self
control. You work hard at conforming — to do otherwise would
jeopardize the freedom you have gained through the Cybertank.
Though there isa gap in your short-term memory, you suspect you

have failed before and have received a final warming.
Device: 1110010100 has been issued a single potent Device,
a Cybertank. See "Devices" in Disk Three.
Cyberfascists
Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Conformist

Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, except for Physical
Traits, with ratings of 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Stealth 1, Tech-
nology 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, (sub)Culture 1, Investigation 1

Willpower: 3

Background: These Kamrads hail from a variety of
dysfunctional backgrounds. Each has his own reason for joining
the paramilitary "gang" called Iteration X. Each isassignedabinary
number — | (one), 10, 11, 100, 101, 110, 111, 1000, 1001, 1010
(ten).

Image: Ten tough-looking Caucasian men, from mid-teens
to late twenties. Like any gang, there is a measure of uniformity.
They are all bald with a bar-code stamped across their foreheads.
They all dress in the Convention uniform and have access to an

"ff Ws

1 —LHNGod |

assortment of weapons (from chains to pistols). Though one
Progenitor wiseguy dubbed these Kamrads "Cyberfascists," their
official titleis" Work Force One." They take great pride in thistitle,
and may attack anyone who refers to them in any other way.

Roleplaying Hints: All of the cyberfascists are conformists,
loaded with hate. Sapped of self-motivation, they are totally
obedient to the cause and susceptible to magick. Typically, they
will surround an individual or small group. As a prelude to the
beating, one Kamrad will taunt and bully while the others watch
andcheer. Theyare unused toconcerted resistance and will retreat
in such an instance.

Maintenance Robots

The Insitute employs twelve robots for general maintenance
and service. They range from roving recorders (see Disk Three) to
automated vaccums to the following specimen, which performs
large-scale repairs.

This robot vaguely resembles a chrome scorpion. It consists
of three overhanging "arms" mounted on a low, narrow platform.
The right arm ends in a multipurpose manipulator, while the left
can be fitted with an are welder, drill, or other tool. The central
"arm" mounts a sensor eye. It has no core intelligence, but is
controlled by the central computer. Thus, it is difficult to destroy.

Four of these robots patrol the corridors, looking for things in
need of repair. This includes unsupervised intruders.

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3

Skill: Drive (self) 1, Maintenance 3, Technology 3

Willpower: 0

Paradox: 0

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, Destroyed.

Armor Rating: 2

Disk Four: Construct of Iteration X 67


Attacks: Smash or Grab (difficulty 6, damage 2); Drill
(difficulty 6, damage 4); Propane Torch (difficulty 6, damage
as per fire; p. 249 of Mage); Arc Welder (use taser stats).

Innate Countermagick: Covered ina layer of magickal
alloy, Primium, these robots receive two free dice of
countermagick.

Nodes

When originally constructed, the Institute was supplied
with Quintessence from the prison-Construct MECHA (see
The Book of Chantries). Decillion has since introduced new
sources of Quintessence. He hopes to eventually wean his
Construct from MECHA's influence. All Quintessence is
stored in a battery in the Construct's power station.

Duplex Assembly Line: Though the assembly line does
not produce anything of material worth, it has a function
beyond sapping workers of free-will: the harnesses convert the
life-force of repetitive motion to small quantities of stable
Quintessence.

Prosthetics: Inspired by life-tapping artificial hearts used
by another Construct, Zimmermann has introduced an ambi-
tious program. Each prosthesis she outfits her patients with has
an integrated Quintessence siphon. The siphon takes advan-
tage of the phantom limb phenomena, where Quintessence
continues to flow through an entire life Pattern even though
the corporeal part no longer exists. Tapped Quintessence
reaches the Institute via sub-spatial vortices.

Unfortunately, this source is less than reliable. Flow
fluctuates depending on distance of the host from the Con-
struct. Worse still, the system is prone to discovery by enemy
mages.

Graylock Chantry: This Chantry was located in the
Taconic mountains east of Albany, N.Y. (though actually
within Massachusetts). The Node which supplied the Sons of
Ether is in the process of being sanitized, and the mansion is
being torn down and replaced by a state penitentiary. If
Decillion wins the bid for Graylock Node, the Institute will
enter a Summer phase.

The Horizon Realm

Basic Concept

Striders of the Umbra know of a huge square window lodged
in the Horizon, resembling a television monitor with a snowy
picture. Those who approach it find their hair standing on end,
their clothes clinging, and their senses overcome by the white

noise of static. At least one curious Dreamspeaker has pressed her
hands against the "glass" fallen through, and has never been seen

again.

Environment

AsaHorizonRealm fora Technocratic Construct, this Static
Land of Force and Prime was carefully designed for two purposes.
First, its obscuring "snow" allows Technomancers to effectively
dismiss the Spirit Realm, but still benefit from a Horizon Realm's
68 Technocracy: Iteration X

magickal parameters. In fact, most Technomancers do not under-
stand the metaphysics behind Horizon Realms; they assume that
they are analogous to the Digital Web.

Atthe same time, the static screen keeps out Umbrood and
mages. An intruder must achieve 20 successes on an extended
Wits + Intuition roll (orsuccessfully use Correspondence magick)
toreach anysingle destination. Due to the overpoweringstatic, all
sense-related rolls (including combat and Correspondence sens-
ing) are at +4 difficulty.

Denizens of the Realm

The Static Land isa hostile environment to Umbrood,
and thus uninhabited.

Other Details

Magical Ratings: Entropy -1, Forces +3, Prime +3,
Spirit -1, Time +1.

Construct Description
Duplex Assembly/Recycling

Located in downtown Detroit, the Construct's earthly
aspect isadeep and narrow building built in 1911.One bricked
facade fronts 31st Street, just north of Michigan Avenue; the
other side faces 32nd Street. With different signs above each
entrance — Duplex Assembly, Duplex Recycling — it seems
to be two separate buildings.

Indeed, the interior is divided in half. Each side is almost
a mirror image. Decoration is done in neo-drab: brick walls,
cementfloor (which leach heat from anything in contact); the
high-tech computers and machinery are colored an off-white.
The air is always dry. Both ends of a curved conveyer belt
disappear into the back wall. Beside the belt, a metal door
provides access to the manager's office. Though this manager
is never seen in the flesh, he communicates via a video
monitor and speaker system.

Duplex Assembly employsa gang of paramilitary Kamrads
who have live-in quarters. Every day, the drill is identical.
After punching timecards at 9:00, they strap into harnesses
and begin work at the belt. There they fit a plastic insert into
ametal box. Overand over. The components march endlessly
by on the belt. The finished product — whatever it is — is
conveyed into the wall. Their shift ends at 5:00, when they
punch out.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the wall, workers at
Duplex Recycling are busy disassembling the very same prod-
ucts. These employees work part-time, and tend to be mundanes
who would not fit in with the cyberfascists. Many are students
who all coincidentally have an interest in technical or scien-
tific fields. One seventy-year-old man was a member of the SS.
during WWIL.

Though this assembly/disassembly process seems futile,
Iteration X abhors waste. The assembly line saps will and
teaches conformity. The harnesses are actually Quintessence
collectors (see "Nodes," above).

The premises are protected by the advanced security
systems, including electronic locks and cameras. To exit or
enter the building, workers must buzz at the door.

Acme Pyrotechnic Institute

The Construct's exterior is obscured by the snowy atmo-

sphere of the Static Land. The interior is a labyrinth of steel
corridors and spartan cells. Most rooms have computer con-
soles. Besides blinking buttons and computer screens,
static-filled monitors provide the sole form of illumination —
a soft, fuzzy light. Thes
providing a view of the Static Land.

are actually bulletproof windows

The security system is even better than the earthly aspect
suggests, with electronic locks, I.D. scanners, blast-proof doors,
automated lasers, and acces
The Institute has direct sub-spatial communications to many
other Constructs, including Autochthonia and MECHA.

codes to the computer system.

Aspect Entry: The main entry is from Duplex Assembly/
Recycling. Either manager's doorslides open into:
with another exit opposite. The door closes behind, and a
lengthy scanning process begins (which, as Zimmermann has
discovered, causes cancer). If the person is cleared, the oppo-
site door opens into the Construct (this is a magickal portal;
the door can also open into the other half of the Duplex
building).

small room

Manager's Office: This room contains a metal desk, two
chairs, and shelf unit for three-ring binders and computer
paper. Nine monitors are set into one wall in a tic-tac-toe
pattern. Eight of these can be tuned to mundane television
stations or the Construct's security cameras. The central
monitor accesses the Construct's computer systems.

Decillion uses this room when meeting with other Tech-
nocrats or interviewing a potential Cipher. Otherwise, Tecson

manages the affairs of Duplex from here.

Control Center: The circular wall of this chamber is one
huge monitor. It can be divided into an infinite number of
smaller monitors. Used singly, it provides a surround-sight,
first-person perspective of any environment. Decillion alter-
nately uses it as a planetarium, a battlefield simulator, or a
sensory visitation portal into the Digital Web.

A command chair is set dead-center of the room. This

De

mentally communicate with the Construct's computer sys-

is attuned to Decillion. When sitting in it, he can

tem.

The Contruct's central computer is housed beneath the
floor of this room. Removable hatches provide access.

Medical Suit
Zimmermann can usually be found in this chamber. She keeps
the place extremely organized, even by Iteration X standards.
One half of the room is a pristine workshop and laboratory
devoted to the study of biomechanics. The other half is for
surgery. Every six months, Iterators must undergo a diagnostic
check-up to ensure that DEI and biomechanismsare function-
ing correctly. The stock shelves also hold a supply of mundane
medical supplies.

Power Station: Behind this wall is the Construct's Quin-
tessence battery. Though most of the energy is needed to
maintain the Horizon Realm, asmall surplus can be tapped for
powering Devices. Zimmermann sets the access code and is in
charge of rationing Quintessence. In emergencies, Decillion
can override the fail-safe.

When present in the Institute,

Disk Four: Construct of Iteration X


Cells: These sj

console, and recessed drawers.

an cells contain only a cot, a computer

Meals are served through an
automated hatch, which combines the functions of pantry,
microwave oven and server. Three cells are reserved for the

Institute's re

ident mages. The remaining ten are for Ciphers.
Though such a mass-Deciphering has yet to occur, all Insti-

tutes are constructed from an ideal model

Storage: When not in operation, twelve maintenance
robots store themselves here. Along one wall are stacked
polyethyline crate containing general supplies — toolkits,
safety goggles, food-trays (marked "Progenitor Produce; 100%
simulated"), and standard issue tasers. The bank of recessed

drawers set into another wall contain holocubes, all carefully
categorized.

Arena: Here, Ciphers learn armed combat. The walls are
reinforced with steel, concrete, anda thin layer of Primium (to

prinkler systems are set into the
domed ceiling. A variety of weaponry is stored behind remov-
able wall panels. The Arena isalso equipped with low-intensity
lasers and a digital sound sytem which can simulate a combat

contain stray magick).

environment. Smith's exoskeleton stands silent just inside the
door. Tecson can often be found here sparring with his HIT
Marks.

Digital Imaging Chamber: The Digital Imaging Cham-
ber is a cubic room, three meters to a side. Anything (or
anyone) standing within is run through various scans and
reduced to a digital format. This data can then be transmitted
via microwaves to similar chambers in Autochthonia,
MECHA, or the Presidio CPU. The chamber can also be
configured for holistic immersion into the Digital Web.

The entire process takes two minutes and has a 1.845%
chance of deadly error, so the Chamber is not used casually.

70 Technocracy: Iteration X

ACME
| PYROTECHNIC
INSTITUTE

Room Key

A. Aspect Entry
B. Manager's Office

C. Control Center

D. Medical Suite

E. Powor Station
F.Cells

G. Tecson's Coll

H. Decillion's Coll

|. Zimmermann's Cell

J. Storage

K. Arena

L. Control Room

M. Digital Imaging Conter
N. Quintessence Battory
0. Medical Supplios

Tecson is currently experimenting with a filter subrou-
tine which should reduce error. He also theorizes that it could

be used to heal organics or purify matter (so far, he has been

unable to turn lead into gold).

Purpose

The Construct has one purpose: to create obedient and
efficient Technocrats. The facilities can also be used to condition
Kamrads, interrogate prisoners, or prepare minds for transplanting
into HIT Marks.

History
Acme Pyrotechnic Institute has a relatively short and un-
eventful history, and thatishow the Convention likesit. Inthe late
1960s, Iteration X calculated that a new programming center
was ne

Ithas long been proven that the most efficient program-
ming is achieved in an enclosed environment, isolated from
thedivers
from Hermetic Covenants of the Dark Ages, but repk

ions of an imperfect world. Iteration X took this idea
sd the
inefficient method of apprenticeship with one which could

handle many students at a time.

Constructors decided to build a Horizon Realm. String-
ing mystic powerlines from MECHA, they shaped the Realm
anda set downa prefabricated Construct. Meanwhile, a front-
company named Duplex had bought a building in Detroit.
The final task involved connecting the Construct to its
earthly aspect.

On 6 August 1971, construction was finished. Several
proven Technomaneers (such 2

Decillion) were assigned to
Acme Pyrotechnic Institute. Since then, the Institute has
produced a half-dozen Technomancers. Projected quotas look
good all the way up until Ascension.


Construct Inhabitants

Decillion, Tecson and Zimmerman each have their own
spartan quarters within the Construct, though the latter rarely
stays for any length of time. There are ten cells for Ciphers.
William Smith resides in one.

In addition to the mortals, the Construct's inhabitants
include Tecson's two HIT Mark bodyguards and a dozen
maintenance robots. These latter machines are multisensory,
mobile, and controlled by the central computer.

Internal Structure and
Relations

Like all of Iteration X, the Institute is organized by a rigid
chain of command. Decillion receives orders directly from
Autochtonia, but is otherwise the supreme authority.
Zimmermann and Tecson are technically equal. However,
the former's background as BioMechanic (a prestigious Meth-
odology) gives her precedence in any conflict. At the same
time, Tecson has total control over the learning and lives of
Ciphers placed in under his command. He is also responsible
for managing the Kamrads.

The computers, security systems, and robots are pro-
grammed to obey everyone in the Construct. However, a
fail-safe subroutine allows them to be overridden by Decillion.

External Relations

The Institute coordinates with other Constructs when it
requires a trial ground for the Assay of a Cipher. Thrust into
the Ascension War, the Cipher is monitored to see how his
programming holds up in the field.

Otherwise, the Institute maintains a low profile.

Status and Reputation

Most of the Institute's status is gained through its associa-
tion with Decillion. Still, the Constructhasgaineda reputation
during its short existence for turning out competent Techno-
crats (six of them to be exact). This reputation may fluctuate;
accomplishments and failures of "graduates" will certainly
reflect upon the Institute.

An indication of the Construct's position may be found
in the following fact: one of its members, Tecson, was chosen
to represent Iteration X at an emergency Symposium held in
San Francisco. Then again, this may not mean much; some
claim that the threat of an "unraveling of reality" was not
taken seriously.

Few Tradition mages know of the Institute. Those whodo
will insist that its apparent lack of defense is a facade.

Status: 2
Reputation: 2

Policy Regarding Outsiders

The Institute hasstrictrulesagainst admitting outsiders,even
Technocrats. Visitors must undergo sensor scans for hidden
weapons and subversive intentions. They are left waiting while
identities are confirmed and profiles checked. If Decillion (after
contacting Autochthonia) gives final affirmation, they may enter.
Upon leaving, visitors are subjected to another series of scans to
prevent theft (!) of material or secrets. Sometimes a selective
mind-wipe is deemed necessary. Some agents of the New World
Order actually enjoy this bureaucratic hassle. Most Technocrats,
however, prefer to communicate via phone.

Needless to say, Tradition mages are attacked on sight,
then interrogated if they survive.

Allies and Enemies

The half-dozen mages who have survived the Institute
feel a strange loyalty to the place — perhaps this is another
layer of subliminal programming. The same can be said for the
sixty or so mages Decillion has personally taught, though not
allarestillactive. Unless directives conflict, they will provided
assistance.

Indirectly involved in the Ascension War, the Construct
has few personal enemies. One is the sole survivor of Graylock
Chantry, Dr. Van Baas. Other enemies include the Resurrec-
tion Men. Based in Windsor, Ontario, this mixed cabal of
Euthanatos and Dreamspeakers converse with spirits of the
dead. They have lost two members to the Institute.

Research Capacities

Thanks to digital electronics, the Institute's massive
computer banks can generate, process, store and transmit
vast amounts of data — including text, sound and images.
More information can be stored on holocubes — synthetic
crystals laser-stamped with digital data.

The database includes teaching tools such as AESs
(Advanced Expert Systems), interactive video, lengthy
files on procedure, and instruction about the proper use of
technology. (Research rolls are difficulty 5 when dealing
with Science, Computer or Technology.) Decillion keeps
detailed files on hundreds of Sleepers who have the poten-
tial to be mages. Each profile is run though multiple
simulations to determine suitability and potential — all
before recruitment is even considered.

Zimmermann's surgery doubles as an inadequate lab.
However, experimentation is limited to biomechanics.

Disk Four: Construct of Iteration X 1


Assay — The trial which a Cipher must pass
before gaining the status of Fellow (a true mage).
Big Machine — Iteration X's term for Reality.
BioMechanics — A Methodology of Iteration X which works
with special Devices known as biomechanisms (see Disk Two).
Biomechanics — The study of biomechanisms.
Biomechanisms — Devices which are designed to be
permanently attached to one's body; a magickal prosthesis
or cybernetic. Examples can be found in Disk Three.
Cipher — A Technomancer-in-training; an Apprentice.
Comptroller — Roughly analogous to a Tradition Deacon
(see "Structure" in Disk Two).

Construct — Chantry.

Convention — Tradition.

DEI — Digital Enhancement Implant. A Biomechanism
which increases mnemonic and logic functions of a mages
mind. See Disk Three.

Device — A Technocratic Talisman.

Digital Web — A virtual reality realm described in the
Mage sourcebook of the same name. Also called the Net.
Iterator — A member of Iteration X.

Kamrad — UnAwakened member of Iteration X (see
"Structure" in Disk Two).

Methodology — A subgroup within a Convention, with
specific interests and skills.

Mundane — A single Sleeper (q.v. The Masses).
Programmer — Roughly analogous to a Traditional Peda-
gogue (see "Structure" in Disk Two).

Statisticians — A Methodology of Iteration X whose
members excel at manipulating data (see Disk Two).
The Masses — Sleepers in general (q.v. Mundane).
Time-Motion Managers — A Methodology of Iteration X
concerned with efficiency and manufacturing (see Disk Two).

Suggested Immersion

You won't find many useful references about robotics
(HIT Mark caliber, anyway), biomechanisms, or mind-
machine merging. However, the following sources provide
a general tone for Technocracy:

¢ As the dedication suggests, anything by Harlan
Ellison. A good start would be "Knox," "I Have No Mouth,
and I Must Scream," and "Repent, Harlequin!' Said the

17) Technocracy: Iteration X

Ticktockman," all contained in The Essential Ellison
(Morpheus International, 1993).

¢ Noem Chomsky's Manufacturing Consent describes
how American society has been conditioned by an elite. |
also suggest a watchable documentary entitled Manufactur-
ing Consent: Noem Chomsky and the Media (a Necessary
Illusions/National Film Board of Canada co-production,
1992).

¢ Take the Mage bibliography to heart and read Neil
Postman's Technopoly.

© For visual reference, watch George Lucas's classic
THX-1 138. The setting is a classic Construct of Iteration X.

Strangely (or perhaps not so strangely), | went frantic
trying to getting hold of these sources. Only the largest
bookstore in the entire city carried Ellison's work! The Chomsky
documentary was "rented by another gentleman just a minute
ago." Technopoly was so "popular on campus" | had to reserve
itamonth ahead. And the Lucas movie? It had to be specially
ordered. Twice! Coincidence? Nope. I think they're banned
by the Technocracy. How and why was I allowed to finally
obtain them? I'm not sure I want an answer to that one....

Other useful sources include:

*Both Terminator movies, Robocop | and II (ignore
Ill), and Hardware (an Iteration X prototype gone mad).

Daniel Burrus's Technotrends (HarperBusiness, 1993).
This book describes the applications of twenty core tech-
nologies which will shape our future. A good start for more
in-depth research.

For the core of Iteration X's philosophy (anda liberal
education) read Sun Tzu's Art of War, The Analects of
Confucius, and Lao Tzu's Tao Te Ching. All are widely
available.

* Aldous Huxley's Brave New World describes a world
where the Technocracy has won the Ascension War. It
provides some good ideas for Progenitors.

Metric to Imperial
Conversion

The first half of this book uses metric measurement,
one of Iteration X's advances which received a less than
enthusiastic response from the Masses. Here are some
conversion rules:

1 millimeter (mm) = 0.04 inches (caliber)

1 centimeter (cm) = 0.39 inches

1 meter (m) = 3.28 feet (roughly, 1 meter = 1 yard)

1 kilometer (km) = 0.62 miles

1 kilogram (kg) = 2.20 pounds

Toconvert Celsius to Fahrenheit, multiply by 1.8 and add 32


i Fe ee

The Machine is Perfection.

Free will is a danger. Hope is an illusion, Flesh is weak. Only
through the Machine can humanity rise above its inevitable
destruction, Iteration X understands this. Anyone who does not must
be convinced.

We are the Machine.

From the dark reaches of Autocthonia to the cybernetic fantasies of
Hollywood, Iteration X marches into the future with a vision of
clockwork perfection. Feared and shunned, this Convention knows that
when the time is right, all will understand, This Technocracy sourcebook
gives the Machine's-eye view of Ascension. And the Machine is never
wrong.

Technocracy: Iteration X includes:

+ The history, world-view, goals and tactics of the Convention.
+ An order of battle detailing the stormtroopers of the Pogrom,

+ An Iteration X production facility for
Mage Storytellers.

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
STONE MTN., GA 30083

GAME STUDIO

ISBN 1-56504-135-6
WW 4202 $10.00
