# File: Jerusalem By Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

' Xe

Ss

AY in FOR vane & THE DARK AGES®

e 7

By JEN CLopius AND Topp SATOGATA


' t
ihe qT]
ett
1

|



CREDITS

Written by: Jen Clodius, Todd Satogata and
James A. Moore

Additional Writing by: Bruce Baugh, Mark
Cenczyk, Richard E. Dansky, Geoffrey C. Grabowski
and Andrew Watt

Original Fiction by: Janet Berliner
Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: John Chambers

Art Direction by: Richard Thomas

Art by: Mitch Byrd, Guy Davis, Brian J. LeBlanc,
Vince Locke and Conan Venus

Cover Design: Pauline Benney

Front Cover: William O'Connor

Layout and typesetting by: Pauline Benney
Interns and Statistics: Kyle Olson, Steve
McDonald, Lindsay Woodcock and Brian York

SpEciAL THANKS To:

The lads and lasses of Eyrie and DragonMUD, many
of whom suffered through incomplete or early versions of
both this book and its developer. Thank you all for your
patience, your criticisms, your support and your willing-
ness to either assist or bear with the book and those
creating it. Jerusalem by Night is a labor of love, and we
couldn't have done it without you.

Note

Jerusalem by Night deals with issues of faith and
historicity, and has the potential to offend. Jerusalem has
been the site of some of the most pivotal events in the
spiritual history of the human race, and trying to integrate
faith, historical accuracy and the demands of the game
setting means that not everyone may be happy with the
way thingsshook out in the end. Thisbook was written and
developed with all due respect for Judaism, Christianity
and Islam, in the hope of producing a book that was
entertaining, informative and respectful. If treatments of
faith in the context of Vampire: The Dark Ages aren't
your cup of tea, the developer and writers suggest you put
the book down and move on, rather than be offended.

CAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.

35 PARK NORTH BLD. Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for

A blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
CLARKSTON ¢ i 30021 only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
4 Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are registered

USA trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the

Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Trinity, The Cainite Heresy,

Dark Ages Companion, Dark Ages Storyteller Secrets, Clanbook Cappadocian, Clanbook Baali, Clanbook
Toreador, Constantinople by Night, Clanbook Lasombra, Children of the Night, Liege Lord and Lackey,
Clanbook Salubri, Jerusalem by Night and Three Pillars are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
tights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA


AFTERMATH

In THROUGH THE LIon's G:
AAN INTRODUCTION

Tue Hoty Ciry: t
Tue History OF JERUSALEM

FAITH AND FERVoR:
SocleTY AND CULTURE

THE STREETS OF THE Hory CG
GEOGRAPHY

THE SWARMING Hosts: :
THE CAINITES OF JERUSALEM)

Buipep AMONG THESE Da
STORYTELLING IN JERUSHLEM



BY JANET BERLINER

In Canaan, vohich voas also knovenas
theland of Iscadl, in the spring of the year
Onistians called 197, Wiuslims prayed
operdy but with asense of unease. devos,
for vohom the spring coincided with the
celebcation of Passover, called the year
A957. Chey prayed, too, in secret and
with noless nercousness, Wluslimsand>
Gevos alike voere people vohose farnilies
had endured and surecived the injus-
fices and cruclties of three Geusabdes they
knevo, to. a man and fo a vwooman, that
this bcief cespite from voar vwooulS not
lasta fourth Crusade vwoould follove the
thicd as sucely as camels catried their
oven voater across the desert.


The first three Crusades had been devastating.
Entire Muslim families had been decimated; Jews,
falsely accused of engaging in blood rites too hor-
rific to contemplate, refused to convert to
Christianity, to deny ha-rachamim, their Merciful
Father, and laid down their lives for the sanctifica-
tion of His name.

The Crusades denied fathers the pleasure of seeing
their sons grow up; they denuded both communities of
single men who could marry their daughters, so that
they could no longer obey the Lord's or Allah's instruc-
tion to go forth and multiply.

And so it was that Meyer ben Joseph and Hamid al-
Faisir, who were the leaders of their communities and
knew that they all needed protection against the evil to
come, befriended each other. "If we are destroyed, it
will not matter to the few survivors which God we
worshiped," Meyer said.

Hamid assented.

On the first night of Passover, in the same spirit of
cooperation, Hamid agreed to be present at the reli-
gious meal, which his new friend Meyer called the
Seder. "In this way," Hamid told his people, "I shall be
an eye witness to their rituals. If they do not drink of the
blood of Christian children, as has been reported, then

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

we shall defend our city together against the soldiers
when they come."

And so it came to be that Hamid and his family
joined Meyer, his wife, Rose, and their only surviving
child Devora on the first night of Passover. They
reclined and listened with respect as Meyer told the
story of his people's journey across the desert in
search of the Promised Land, they enjoyed the me-
lodic songs, and they bowed their heads respectfully
during the prayers.

"Pour the last of the wine, Meyer," Rose said,
finally. "I sense that our guests are growing hungry."

Meyer poured a small amount of prayer wine for
each person, though he knew that his Muslim guests
did not drink. He was emptying the last of the carafe's
contents into a large goblet set aside for the Prophet
Elijah when there came a knock at the door. Meyer's
hand jerked in surprise and a few drops missed the large
goblet and landed on his wife's handwoven tablecloth.
He grimaced; there was little more where that had
come from. The extra glass of wine they poured each
year — the extra place setting at the table — was a
tradition he would never have ignored. But for a
stranger to know the exact moment in the Seder when
that glass was poured, well, it bordered on miraculous.


"Timing is everything," he said, thinking, the
Prophet has a good nose. "Go, Devora. Open the door
for our visitor."

The girl was not surprised, for each year at Passover
her father had not so subtly knocked under the table
and instructed her youngest brother to open the door
and welcome the Prophet Elijah. Of course, there had
never been anyone there, though her father said that
Elijah's spirit had entered.

Not so this time.

Standing at the door in the darkness was a robed
stranger, a tall man whose handsome face spoke of
unbearable weariness. Slightly behind him stood a
second man whose appearance and bearing cast him in
the role of manservant.

"Welcome to our home," Meyer said, beckoning
the strangers to the table and thinking that Rose would
have to set yet another place. "It may not be much, but
it is one of the best in Mea Shearim."

Gesturing first to his manservant in such a manner
that it was apparent he would remain outside, the
stranger entered Meyer's house. He did not remove his
robe, nor did he look into the eyes of his host.

"Will you pray with us over the wine?" Meyer
asked, thinking that he must remember later to have
Devora take food and wine outside to the manservant.

The man sat but did not speak, neither did he eat
or drink, even after the prayers were done. He was dark
and swarthy, but did not seem to be of Jerusalem.

"What road have you traveled, stranger?" Meyer
asked, wondering if the man had been sent to observe
the blood rites of which the Jews were accused. If so, he
would leave disappointed.

"T travel the Via Humanitatis," the man said, and
gave a weary laugh.

Those were all the words he spoke. Meyer shrugged.
If the stranger wanted to be cryptic and claim he
traveled the road of mankind, then it was not his place,
as host, to argue — at least not on Pesach.

When the meal was over, there was one more
tradition to be observed before the final song could be
sung. Earlier, Devora — both the oldest and the
youngest daughter — had hidden a piece of unleav-
ened bread known as the Afikomen. Now she was sent
to retrieve it.

"Let our daughter also take food and wine to the
man who is outside in the moonlight," Meyer said to
Rose. "She will be rewarded for returning the Afikomen
to the table," Meyer explained to his guests, "for with-
out it the Seder cannot be completed. It will not take
long for her to find it. Rose and I watched her hide it in
the garden."

After a few moments, when Devora had not
returned, the stranger stood as if to leave. Meyer bade
him Godspeed and glanced at the family of Hamid al-
Faisir, wishing they too would depart. Despite his
best efforts it had been a strained night; he wanted it
to be over.

When their daughter still did not return with the
Afikomen, which fairly translated meant "Aftermath,"
Rose said, "I am worried about our daughter. It is that
time of the month for her. She should not be outside
alone and in the dark for so long."

Meyer excused himself and went to find his daughter.

He found her in the small arbor that stood perma-
nently in the garden, ready to be decorated each autumn
in thanks for God's bounty. She held the Afikomen in
her hand. Silently, she gave it to her father.

Silently, he took it.

"We have been waiting for you," Meyer said. "All
but the stranger, who came out of the night and has
returned to it."

"Thave been with him," Devora responded. "And I
have fed his manservant."

Devora, daughter of Rose and of Meyer ben Jo-
seph, never spoke again of the two men or even of the
child of the manservant, conceived that Passover
during her time of bleeding and growing in her womb.
More and more, she became morose. Each time she
passed a mirror, it was spotted with droplets of blood
and she was shamed before her father, the remaining
man of her family. Soon she ceased to be obedient to
him or to any man. As if she wished to die in child-
birth, she baked challahs and deliberately neglected to
take from the dough and give what she had taken toa
priest in tithing.

Meyer did not like his daughter's behavior but he
accepted it as part of the changes wrought by childbear-
ing, a process he did not pretend to understand. Rose
was more frightened than angered. Though it was the
word of God and of Allah that Their followers go forth
and multiply, it was also His word that no child be
conceived during niddah — menstruation — and for
good reason.

She feared for the life of her daughter and trembled
for her daughter's child, lest that child — conceived in
blood — be claimed by the demon queen, Lilith.

AFTERMATH


The child, a girl, grew strong inside the womb of her
mother, Devora. Like all unborn children growing into
the fullness of their heritage, this one saw the history of
her people by the light of a candle which burned in the
womb, a white glow which allowed her to see the
beginning and the end of the universe.

Inside the womb, an angel kept watch over her,
teaching her the Torah; outside the womb, Lilith —
overpowered by the remembrance of her own childless
and unhappy marriage— watched the angel and seethed
with jealousy of Devora's motherhood. She bided her
time, smiling evilly as Rose constructed an amulet from
the Sefer Raziel to protect the mother and child after
birth and hung amulets aplenty around the walls and on
the birth-bed to discourage the demonic queen from
claiming the child.

Just before birth, when — as it was written — the
angel readied itself to touch the child lightly on her top
lip so that the cleavage on her upper lip could be formed
and she could forget all she had learned, Lilith inter-
fered. Dousing the light in the womb, she pushed the
infant into the birth canal.

In that moment, Devora's soul took leave of its
earthly body. In that moment, Marisa was born. She
emerged from her mother's womb with a collective
consciousness and with an arrogance that, in combina-
tion with her facial flaw, set her apart from the other
children in Mea Shearim.

Rose told her husband, much later, that things
must have happened that way.

Of the 613 Laws of the Torah, Rekhilut- — the
first, though the least prohibitive, law against bad-
of-mouth gossip —was the most frequently disobeyed
in the quarter where Marisa was born. In the case of
this girl-child, the gossip derived more from fear
than from any intent to do harm. It was no secret that
she had been conceived during niddah, nor could it be
kept secret that the child had no cleavage on her
upper lip. Since her mother had died in childbirth, it
was logical to assume that she had been claimed as

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

the daughter and servant of Lilith. But the greatest
fear was the one spoken in whispers, that because of
the circumstances of her conception and birth, Marisa
could be infected with the most dreaded of all dis-
eases, leprosy.

Meyer and Rose showered all of their love upon
their granddaughter, whom they called Marisa
Devora and who was the last of their living kin.
Unfortunately, no amount of their goodwill could
ease the nervousness of a community which had
been so badly hurt by the passage of the years that it
feared anything which might bring more trouble
into its midst. Again, Hamid al-Faisir, who had
reported favorably on the household ben Joseph,
came together with Meyer. This time they joined
forces to try to protect Marisa from those whom,
driven by unreasoned anxiety, threatened harm to
the fatherless child.

The strength of the two proved to be sadly insuffi-
cient against the many. One evening, when it was
almost sundown, Marisa was wrested from them and
taken into the desert. There, a dried water hole had
been filled with the blood of several lambs and a meager
shelter had been built to shield the child from the last
rays of the desert sun.

As if she were being baptized in blood, the little
girl was immersed and held at the site until nightfall.
Being barely six years old, she could certainly not fight
her way out of the grasp of strong adults. She could
have cried out, but she did not even do that, appear-
ing, instead, to submit herself to the wishes of the good
people of Jerusalem.

In the house in the district of Mea Shearim,
Hamid said in an anguished voice, "Surely they
intend to dry her off and carry her home at the rise of
the moon."

"Surely they do," Meyer agreed, his eyes filled with
tears for his granddaughter. "What do you say, Rose?"

Rose said nothing. She left the house and walked
into the desert. Even had she wanted to speak, her
anger and foreboding would have prevented the words
from forming on her tongue. As the rim of the moon
appeared on the horizon, she came upon the child.

She stood at a distance, her gaze riveted upon the
little girl.

The child had never looked more content. She
dabbled happily in the red pond, drinking from her
cupped hand with an eagerness she had never shown for
her grandmother's cooking.

Looking up, Rose saw the stranger, tall and hooded,
riding a camel led by his manservant. "No," she cried
out, as the townsfolk stepped aside and he laid claim
unto Marisa Devora.


The child raised herarmsand the manservant lifted
her up. The stranger took her, seated her astride the
camel with him, and rode away.

Rose wept, but she did nothing to try to stop him.

At dawn, the people of Jerusalem returned to their
daily business and to gossiping of other things. Only
then did Rose cease her weeping and tell her tale to

Meyer ben Joseph and Hamid al-Faisir. She did not tell
them that she had heard a female voice, calling the
man and the child to join her. She did not say that
Lilith (for that is surely who it must have been) had
taken the man and the child to her bosom.

Meyerand his friend Hamid embraced each other.
Now it was their turn to weep. Then they dried their
tears and waited as the tale of Marisa Devora and the
dark stranger traveled to Cyprus and reached the ears
of Amalric; "Beware," the messenger said. "In the land
of Canaan, there is a daughter of Lilith who is loved by
man and God and Allah and marked by the Devil. Do
not cause her to be angry, for her anger could devour
you all."


x
Pa

:

AEN OM


YVOdcome to the holiest of cities, and peace
be upon you the city is being rebuilt, yet again.
The Rnights Templars have been ousted Bo
Temple Mount, and the site has been
resanctified. the Dore of the Kock is centered
on the temple platform, and al-Agsa Wiosque
is HAightly to the south.

af we start on Teniple Wiount, we can voalk
vwoest on Cemple Street Sirst we cross the bridge
near the cattle moarket, then Sucrier Street, then
the Street of the Germans. Once woe dogleg past
the produce markets, we cross AemenianStrect,
pass the grain markets, and that quickly, were
out David's Gate on the city hillside.

Gust past the produce markets on ie
Street, off to the right, youll see the ormer
Dospitaller''s quarters. Salah al-Din tucned the
building into the governor's a mosque,
and a hospital. @ bit fucther to the right is the
Church of the Goly Sepulcher, nove an elabocate
building ericlosing the tomb of desus, Golgothe,
and the cave where it is daitmed that lentes
discovered the True Cross.


North of the Temple Mount, across the Gate of
Jehosaphat Street is St. Anna's, or Sand Hannah's.
Originally a church and convent built by the crusaders
to honor Mary's mother, Salah al-Din endowed it as a
law school. Rumor has it that al-Din chose to do this
not only to overwrite Christian building with a Muslim
institution, but to out-endow the Shi'i.

So here we are in 1197. The Muslims are back in
control, and the Jews are back in the city safe and
sound. There's a constant parade of Christians of all
sorts drifting through, some of whom claim that it is
only a matter of time before the Europeans retake
Jerusalem. Muslims are terrified that the crusaders will
follow through on that threat, recalling the massacre
of 1099. Jews, even though they're prospering under
Muslim rule, are trying to figure out why Christians
and Muslims insist on claiming their city. The Karaites
are arguing with the Rabbinites about the authority of
the Torah over any oral law. The Greek Orthodox
hold the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in spite of the
Latin Church's militant claim to that privilege (and
their greater numbers). Splinter sects, new and old,
challenge the established Christian authorities. Salah
al-Din is dead, and his heirs are fighting among them-
selves for control. Shi'i and Sunni bickering falls
along traditional lines of conflict.

DEsiiny

In fact, no Européan nation possesses Jerusa-
lem until 1917, S6f,several half-hearted
attempts at Crif After ithe Third, however,
the Crusadés deer rito typical escaples of
land grabbing.) Europé had to turn some
attention to the thfeatioethé Turkish invasions,
which put all thoughts ®fja counterinvasion on
hold. Moreover, the Europeans réally didn't want
to settle the Middle Eastj which'ts what it would
have taken to hold Jerusalem permanently. Once
the Catholic Churgh los its total grip on Chris-
tianity in the Refopmation, the divisions between
the Christiah'se¢fs-was'such that no serious at-
tempt to retak@Jeriisalem = forteligious reasons,
anyway —¢ould/be mounted...

And the five-year truce between the crusaders and
the Muslims is about to end.

So welcome to Jerusalem. Watch carefully where
you tread, for sometimes it seems as if each block is
holy ground to one faith or another. Be careful with
whom you speak, for trust is a fragile thing here,
washed away by centuries of blood. Be careful where


you haven, for there are Cainites here who have laid
claim to the city for years beyond counting, and they
do not take kindly to intruders.

And how do! know all this? Careful observation,
my friend, and long study. How long? Long enough,
my friend, long enough. I wish you a pleasant stay,
and a safe one.

Alas, even here wishes so seldom come true..

AWN INTRODUCTION

Welcome to Jerusalem by Night, the compre-
hensive guide to the holiest of cities in the Dark
Medieval world. In 1197, Jerusalem is a deceptively
calm place in the World of Darkness; Muslim rule of
the city seems reasonably secure, with Christians
allowed to make pilgrimage and Jews permitted to live
in the city. Still, there are problems for mortal and
immortal alike here. Salah al-Din's successors squabble
amongst themselves, and the threat of a resurgent
Crusade loomsas the end of the peace negotiated with
Richard the Lion-Hearted looms. Sectarian violence
also flares with uncomfortable frequency: Christians,
Jews and Muslims all have sects that are at violent
odds with one another. The memory of the slaughter
of 1099 still lives in Muslim memory, while the bitter
sting of the defeat at Hattin and other indignities
inflame Christian passions.

With mortals on the verge of such bitter conflict,
how much more vicious can the conflicts between
Cainites be? Jerusalem holds too many of Caine's
childer. While the steady flow of pilgrims and mer-
chants allows Cainites to sustain themselves — barely
— without triggering a bloody hunt of extermina-
tion, there are still too many vampires here, all
intent on possessing at least a part of Jerusalem. From
the tunnels beneath the Temple Mount to the Valley
of Hinnom where lepers dwell, the city is infested
with Cainites like a plague galley is infested with
rats. Their influence is inescapable, even if they
themselves are invisible. The only question is, with
so many vampires here, nursing so many ancient
hatreds, how long will it be before their rivalries
explode in the faith-haunted streets — and will any
of the city survive?

Wuat Is Tuts Book?

Jerusalem by Night is a comprehensive guide to
Jerusalem for Vampire: The Dark Ages. It is first, last
and always a book for Vampire: The Dark Ages—
only the faintest mention of other supernatural entities
grace the pages, and the roster of characters is com-
prised entirely of Cainites. There may be Garou, wraiths,

mages and other, less identifiable entities roaming the
streets of David's City, but if so, they are not the
province of this book.

Instead, Jerusalem by Night is a guide to the city, its
wonders and, most importantly, its denizens. What
you will find in these pages is a complete source for
setting chronicles in Jerusalem in 1197, with an eye
toward Cainite politics and society. While not every
street is mapped (the weight of history makes doing so
somewhat problematic), all of Jerusalem is here, wait-
ing for you.

How To Use Tus Boox

This book is intended for Storytellers to use as a back-
ground setting for chronicles in and around Jerusalem.
Chapter by chapter, it contains the following:

The Holy City: The History of Jerusalem is an
overview of the mortal and Cainite histories of the
city, which are inextricably intertwined. The tale
starts with the very beginnings of the city and moves
forward through Biblical, Roman and historical times,
and winding up in 1197. Salah al-Din's heirs hold the
city as part of their sultanate, and the last fraying
months of a five-year truce with the Crusaders are
fading away....

Faith and Fervor: Society and Culture is a brief
breakdown of the three faiths that hold Jerusalem
sacred, their sects and their practices. Also included is
a short overview of medieval Islam, and a section on
those verses from the Torah and Qu'ran that might
make unlife a little easier for an observant vampire.
The Streets of the Holy City: Geography takes a
look at the physical layout of the city, from the sur-
rounding regions to the tunnels underneath the Temple
Mount. Also included are maps to make understanding
the layout of the city easier, and an overview map for the
whole region.

The Swarming Hosts: The Cainites of Jerusalem
is the largest chapter of the book, looking as it does at
the vast number of Cainites who dwell in or near the
city. The history, ambitions and secrets of each of the
dozens of vampires who take haven here are also in-
cluded, spinning a web of intrigue, fealty and hatred
that serves as suitable backdrop for any chronicle.
Builded Among These Dark Satanic Mills:
Storytelling in Jerusalem is a guide for Storytellers as
to moods and themes for Jerusalem games. Also in-
cluded is a list of chronicle ideas, some or all of which
can be woven into both new games and existing ones.

‘Wuat Tuts Boox Is Nor

Jerusalem by Night is expressly not intended to be
pro- or anti- any particular religion, nor is it intended
to tweak notions of faith by insinuating that religious

INTRODUCTION


figure X was a Cainite, a ghoul or anything other than
what the historical record suggests. While there is one
character running around the book claiming to be
Allah incarnate, there's substantial proof that his
historical analog did so as well. Remember, this is a
game book, not a history or religious text. Have fun
with it. That's what it's here for.

LEXICON
What follows is a brief lexicon of Arabic phrases

that appear throughout Jerusalem by Night.

ahl al-kitab: "People of the Book"

ayatollah: "sign of God," title of a Shi'i

religious leader

successor to Muhammad as religious

leader (Sunni)

"protected," usually used for Jews

and Christians

din: "teligion"

hadith: literally "report", but more accurately,
"tradition," that is, reports of how
Muhammadacted, lending interpreta-
tion to the Qur'an

the pilgrimage to Mecca, one of the
Five Pillars

ibn: "son of"

Islam: "submission" to the will of Allah
jihad: "struggle" to follow Islam, can be moral
or physical

tax on dhimmi

religious school

English corruption of "masjid,"or"place
of prostration"

"one who submits," a follower of Islam
Islamic judge

"recitation," the Muslim holy text
the month of fasting, one of the

Five Pillars

prayer or worship, one of the

Five Pillars

fasting, especially duringRamadan, one
of the Five Pillars

profession of faith: "There is no god but
Allah, and Muhammadis his Prophet,"
one of the Five Pillars

Islamic law, based on the Qur'an.

and Sunna

tuler or military commander
pronouncement of repudiation; divorce
religious scholars (singular: ‘alim)

caliph:

dhimmi:

hajj:

jizya:
madrasa:
mosque:
Muslim:
qadi:
Qur'an:
Ramada:

salat:

sawm:

shahada:

sharia:
sultan:

talaq:
‘ulama:

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

umma:
waqf:

religious community

endowment of moneys or property, usu-
ally toareligiousorcharitable institution
annual alms tax, usually 2.5 percent of
total wealth

REFERENCES ae
RECOMMENDED READING

There isa wealth of material available on Jerusalem
and the religions and societies that have woven its
history. Needless to say, there's a lot more out there
than any sane Storyteller has time to read, much less
digest or integrate. Still, for those players and Storytell-
ers who want more depth than is provided in this book,
the following titles can provide additional information
that may prove useful.

Alter, Robert, The Art of Biblical Narrative, New
York: Basic, 1981.

Alter, Robert, The Art of Biblical Poetry, New York:
Basic, 1985.

Armstrong, Karen, Jerusalem: One City, Three Faiths,
New York: Knopf, 1996.

Asali, Kamil J. Jerusalem in History: 3000 BC to
the Present Day, London: Kegan Paul International,
1997 [1989].

Bright, John, A History of Israel, Philadelphia: The
Westminster Press, 1972.

Eliade, Mircea, Essential Sacred Writings from Around
the World, San Francisco: Harper, 1967.

Esposito, John L. Islam: The Straight Path, New
York: Oxford University Press, 1988.

Fisher, Sydney Nettleton and William Ochsenwald,
The Middle East: A History, New York: McGraw-Hill,
1990 [1959].

Gellner, Ernest, Muslim Society, Cambridge: Cam-
bridge University Press, 1981.

Gil, Moshe, A History of Palestine 634 — 1009
[trans. Ethel Broido], Cambridge: Cambridge Uni-
versity Press, 1992.

Goitein, S.D., Jews and Arabs: Their Contacts Through
the Ages, New York: Schocken Books, 1974 [1955].

Hefner, Robert W., Conversion to Christianity:
Historical and Anthropological Perspectives on a Great
Transformation, Berkeley: University of California
Press, 1993.

— The Koran [trans. N.J. Dawood], London: Pen-
guin Books, 1990 [1916].

Lewis, Bernard, The Jews of Islam, Princeton:
Princeton University Press, 1984.

Lyons, Malcom Cameron and D.E.P. Jackson,
Saladin: Politics of the Holy War, Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press, 1982.

zakat:


Maalouf, Amin, The Crusades Through Arab
Eyes [trans. Jon Rothschild], New York: Schocken
Books, 1984.

Maimonides, Moses, The Guide of the Perplexed,
vols. land II [trans. Shlomo Pines], Chicago: University
of Chicago Press, 1963.

Marshall, Christopher, Warfare in the Latin East
1192 - 1291, Cambridge: Cambridge University
Press, 1992.

— Oxford Study Bible, New York: Oxford Univer-
sity Press, 1992.

Peters, F.E., Jerusalem: The Holy City in the Eyes of
Chroniclers, Visitors, Pilgrims, and Prophets from the Days
of Abraham to the Beginnings of Modern Times, Princeton:
Princeton University Press, 1985.

— Al-Qur'an: A Contemporary. Translation
[trans. Ahmed Ali], Princeton: Princeton Univer-
sity Press, 1984.

Rahman, Fazlur, Islam, Chicago: University of Chi-
cago Press, 1979 [1966].

Saunders, J.J., A History of Medieval Islam, London:
Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1965.

Scholem, Gershom, On the Kabbalah and Its Sym-
bolism [trans. Ralph Manheim], New York: Schocken
Books, 1965.

Stillman, Norman A., The Jews of Arab Lands: A
History and Source Book, Philadelphia: The Jewish Pub-
lication Society of America, 1979.

INTRODUCTION



¢ Histor
of ; Ristoy

Distory, Culture, Religion...

WBismmallah, arrahmacn, atrahmeen

an the name of Allah, the Merciful, the
Compassionate

Rushalimum, Shalem, Yerashelayim, ‘Jr
David, Aclia Capitolina, Bayt al- dis, af-
Quds... no matter hove the name D>
over time, there has alvoays been a Jerusalem

Legend has it that name is ancient
Debcevo, Yew i111," Tor "Gty of Peace" - an
unlikely name for a city so of ten a battlefield.
The Bebrevo origin of "Gecrusalern' is urtikely,
oe ee ep eore the see of) Rate
village long before the Gebrevos first ne
into the neighborhood.

Another legend has it that the name is cefi-

lous, meaning "the Soundation of the Goo
Spolene ot at so, Shales city) long outlived
Shalern hirnself and any of his voorshipers.


_to create a
vileging the

iar "BC" and"

Regardless of what it has been called, people have
been living on that particular hill avery longtime. In the
14th century BCE, when Akhenaton and Nefertiti ruled
Egypt, the village chief of Jerusalem sent written hom-
age. He pledged his allegiance to his lord and master, but
also explained why there was no contribution from his
territory to the annual tribute caravan that year.

Like other cities in the area, Jerusalem was built
with walls surrounding the town. Some cities —Jerusa-
lem was fortunate enough to be among them — not
only had reasonable drainage which prevented flood-
ing inside the walls, they also had shafts sunk through
the underlying rock down into the springs beneath the
city. Jerusalem had access, in case of siege, toa reliable
source of water.

Various groups occupied the hilltop for varying
amounts of time, leaving little trace of their existence.
No strong evidence of trade or manufacture exists, no
pottery shards have been found and no distinctive
stonework has been unearthed to tell us anything about
those who dwelt there. The only evidence of the
settlement comes from the occasional mention of the
place in distant records. Jerusalem may have been
around fora long time, but fora long time Jerusalem was
also in the far reaches of nowhere.

All of that changed when, sometime around the
13thcentury BCE, the followers ofagodnamed Yahweh
escaped from Egypt after 430 years of slavery. Directed
by Yahweh, they wandered northeast into a land called
Canaan. Yahweh defined the geographic boundaries of
the region being granted to his followers, but told his
followers that conquering the land was up to them.
Forty years later, Yahweh's followers arrived in their
promised lands and warred upon the local tribes. They
won much of the land, enslaving or killing most of those
who opposed their occupation, but their forces were
continuously frustrated by the walls of Jerusalem and
several other walled enclaves.

Tue Ciry or Davip

It is truly unknown how the city of Jerusalem fell
to Yahweh's followers. Religious tales told by the
victors tell of a peaceful occupation, and of gentle
conversion after years of resistance. Others whisper

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

of mystic forces powerful enough to sunder the walls
and sow the seeds of dust in the city's protected wells,
giving leaders of the few thousand Jebusites within
no choice but surrender. History, as we know all too
well, is written by the victors.

However the fall of Jerusalem had come about, the
city was captured by David's forces. In future conquests,
city residents would be slaughtered or banished, but this
time, David's people and the captured Jebusites lived
together in harmony. The transition was so peaceful
that David's advisors took over large portions of the
already-functioning bureaucracy rather than institute a
new city government of their own. The prophet Ezekial's
comment on Jerusalem, "Your origins and birth were of
the Canaanites; your father was an Amorite and your
mother a Hittite," seems entirely cogent, and a likely
assessment of the way the city functioned. While Jerusa-
lem (and the followers of Yahweh, for that matter)
certainly didn't start out as the center of monotheism,
political and economic forces —as well as sheer repeti-
tion — led the population in that direction.

Not long after the capture of Jerusalem, David led
a unified Israel as its king, and moved his palace and
throne from Hebron to Jerusalem — a city that would
become "Ir David, the City of David. David and the
followers of Yahweh also moved the Ark of the Cov-
enant, their holiest possession, to Jerusalem; this
established the city as the center of Israel's political and
religious power. The growing population attracted
Nosferatu and the occasional Gangrel to the outskirts of
the city to feed.

SOLOMON AND THE TEMPLE

David's eldest son expected to become king afterhis
father's death. However, it was Solomon who became
king instead, about 960 BCE. Demonstrating his power,
wealth and idealism, Solomon embarked on a building


spree using the substantial treasury (mostly tribute from
subjugated territories) left by David.

Solomon ordered an enlargement of the perimeter
of the city to make room for new buildings. His workers
and slaves moved earth to create a level area for his
royal palace, and leveled Temple Mount, whereupon
was built the Temple where the Ark of the Covenant
was housed. Solomon made pacts with the king of Tyre
for rare materials and the help of Tyre's skilled artisans,
many of whom — including the Toreador Elsh —
traveled from Tyre to join the construction of what
would become the Temple of Solomon. All of this
building, however, ran Solomon's coffers dry, and he
was forced to cede territories to the Tyrian king to help
pay the debts of contract.

Over the course of the next two millennia,
several different structures would occupy Temple
Mount. Most of those structures were consecrated
to a specific deity or deities, and Temple Mount
would become over time the most sought-after site
for two of the world's three monotheistic religions.
Initially, however, Yahweh wasn't the only deity in
residence in Jerusalem, and other deities also re-
ceived offerings and sacrifices. While Solomon's
Temple carefully avoided any deific image, it did
include seraphim and cherubim, as well as other

local pagan symbols. Solomon also appeased the
Jebusites by allowing the construction of temples to
the numerous other local gods.

Solomon's ambitious construction programs thor-
oughly depleted the governing treasury. His successor,
Rehoboam, was faced with the choice of reducing the
standard of living of the royal court, or increasing the
already-burdensome taxes to create income. Not want-
ing the former (one must keep up appearances, after
all), he attempted the latter — causing the northern
portion of the territory to secede entirely and form a
new nation, Israel, while Rehoboam ruled only over
Judah (later called Judea) and Jerusalem. After shaking
his fist at Israel, he fled back to Jerusalem when the new
Israeli army stoned the master of his corvée to death and
threatened to advance.

Separating the once unified territory into twosmaller
nations made each nation more vulnerable to outside
attack. There were, however, a number of other nation-
states in the area, and occasionally these states would
band together to resist invaders.

KINGs AND CouNTRIES

When the Assyrians tried to take the city a century
later (about 724 BCE), Ahaz, then the king of Judah and
Jerusalem, decided not to join the defensive coalition of

>

_—_U 2~< CHAPTER ONE: HISTORY OF
ian coma

RTS


small states. He mysteriously ignored the insistent coun-
selof Isaiah, his high priest and prophet, and voluntarily
submitted Jerusalem to Assyrian rule. Ahaz further
demonstrated his capitulation to the invaders by defil-
ing the Temple of Solomon, placing symbols of the
Assyrian cults on the Temple altar even though Assyria
had no tradition of inflicting their religious practices
even on willing vassals. Still, while Israel and their
fellow conspirators were overcome and conquered,
Ahaz's kingdom of Judah remained intact.

After Ahaz's death, his son Hezekiah came to
power. Hezekiah, ashamed of his father's religious trans-
gressions, worked to reinstate the tenets of Yahweh and
removed the idolatrous statuary from the Temple altar.
While Jerusalem itself stayed safe, the Assyrian armies
quashed rebellions within the fractious northern terri-
tories, and deported tens of thousands of Israelites.
People from nearby regions moved in to replace the
deportees, while some of the conquered Israelis mi-
grated south to Jerusalem. As a result, Jerusalem grew
rapidly, tripling its size in the next two decades. The
expansion came primarily in two areas, one on the west
side of the Temple, the other to the southwest.

The population of Cainites prospered too. Not
only did this influx of new residents expand the
local herd, but they also brought new ideas with
them. New ideas mean new opportunities, and power
bases expanded.

Within a decade, however, Jerusalem's Hezekiah
was at the center of a coalition (including neighboring
Israel to the north) preparing yet another attempt to
break away from Assyrian rule. He went so far as to
improve the city's water supply by digging a tunnel
through bedrock and reinforced city walls — and only
then realized that there was no way possible that Jerusa-
lem could stand up to the entire Assyrian army. As the
Assyrians and their allies assembled outside of the city,
Hezekiah sent gifts out to them in a feeble attempt to
appease the Assyrian rage at his defiance. The Assyrians
weren't impressed, and got ready to attack.

With the growing threat of extermination, the first
coalition of Cainites within Jerusalem put aside their
differences and convened under the leadership of a
Ventrue swordmaker. With the stealth and knowledge
of the ancient Nosferatu, they gathered their forces and
prepared to decimate the overconfident Assyrians
camped outside the walls. The prophet Isaiah (who'd
been so thoroughly ignored by Hezekiah's father) had
been predicting all along that Yahweh would protect
his fortress this time — if Jerusalem relied on Yahweh
instead of military might or political intrigue. And
Yahweh did protect the city: he sent an angel to destroy
the Assyrian army. The angel was so successful that the
few surviving Assyrians went home.

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Fhought among

at they acted as the

d not of their own

volition. Other Cairrités grate this viewpoint
as superstitious claptrap

hypothesis is that it can

Hezekiah was a hero for the moment, but the long-
term effects were hazardous: rather than attempt to
defend themselves against future invaders, Jerusalem's
residents came to believe that they could rely on mi-
raculous intervention. Hezekiah had succeeded in
"saving" Jerusalem, but he had also lost most of his
influence over the territory surrounding the city. Jerusa-
lem was no longer the capital city of Judah; it was
relegated to existence as yet another city-state perched
precariously on a back road.

Hezekiah's son, Manasseh, was 12 when he came
to the throne, and he reigned in Jerusalem for 55
years. Annoyed by his reduced status as the ruler of
a mere city instead of a great nation, he turned away
from his father's traditions and instead began to
explore the Antagonist tradition of Baal. He built
shrines and erected altars to Baal and, just to be safe,
any other deities and demons he discovered.
Manasseh practiced soothsaying and divination, and
consorted with demons and spirits. He made an
image of the goddess Asherah, and set it up in the
Temple of Yahweh.

As Baal demanded blood sacrifices for the bond-
ing contracts of diabolism, the now influential Baali
priests chose to purge the city of rival Cainites, and
those unseen avengers of Yahweh that did not flee or
go into hiding (such as the reclusive Nosferatu) were
hunted and destroyed. Manasseh's attempts to sum-


mon demons were so excessive that the innocent
blood he shed filled Jerusalem's streets from one end of
the city to the other. It is possible that Manasseh
thought the breadth and intensity of this religious
worship might appease the Assyrians, but apparently
he wasn't sufficiently competent. Yahweh, however,
was extremely displeased and announced that he
would wipe Jerusalem as one wipes a plate and then
turns it upside down to dry.

BANISHED TO BABYLON

In 605 BCE, Babylon, led by King Nebuchadnezzar,
defeated both Egypt and Assyria, and Judah and Jerusa-
lem became vassal states along with everyone else in
the region. Jerusalem's Jehoiakim tried switching alle-
giances from Babylon back to Egypt, with disastrous
results. Jehoiakim thought that Yahweh would come
through with another miracle on demand if the people
kept chanting "This is the Temple of Yahweh!" Un-
fortunately the surviving Cainites were not inclined
to sacrifice themselves for the kine again, and
Jehoiakim hadn't timed his request for a miracle as
well as Hezekiah had. No avenging "angels" appeared
to demolish the Babylonians.

Jehoiakim died conveniently before he could see
the outcome of this defiance, and lefthisson, Jehoiachin,
to face the outraged Babylonian army. Jerusalem man-
aged to hold out for three entire months, then capitulated
in 597 BCE. Rather than destroy the city,
Nebuchadnezzar gathered some treasure and then de-
cided that military personnel, those who were in the
trade of making arms, and those in the city administra-
tion (a total of about 10,000 people) should all be taken
captive and shipped off to Babylon.

Nebuchadnezzar left Jehoiachin's uncle, Zedekiah,
onthe throne of Jerusalem, and, about eight years later,
hetried hisown rebellion. By this point, Nebuchadnezzar
had run out of patience. Jerusalem was put under siege
and, after 18 months, the wall was breached.
Nebuchadnezzar decided to destroy the city entirely,
lest the locals rally and take up arms yet again. The
conquering army burned the city to the ground and
most of the remaining citizens were deported to Babylon.
As an historical sidenote, it was at this point that the
Ark of the Covenant disappeared without note and
without a trace.

Jerusalem was empty in 586 BCE. The city walls
had been pulled down, while the ground was covered
with rubble and pieces of charred bodies. The Temple
had been razed to the ground. The fields on the hills
outside of the city were burned and sere, while sur-
rounding villages had been abandoned. Those Cainites
who had not fled at the outset of the siege were forced
to take sheltering haven in nearby caves.

REBUILDING THE CITY

Slowly, slowly, people tricked back into the area.
Then, through a series of brilliant political moves
and decisive military victories, Cyrus, the king of
Persia, entered Babylon. He decreed that the Temple
of Jerusalem should be rebuilt and its glory restored.
Asa result, in 538 BCE, 42,360 citizens, 7,337 slaves,
200 temple singers, 736 horses, 245 mules, 435 cam-
els and 6,720 donkeys left Babylon to return to
Jerusalem. The number of vampires included is un-
known, though several Ravnos surely joined the
returning exiles on their trek.

Unfortunately, conditions in and around Jerusa-
lem didn't provide the returning Hebrews with a
terribly optimistic or joyful return. The region was
still virtually uninhabited, so after initial sacrifices
and prayer offerings, the next order of business was to
get on with the practical aspects of survival. There
was, of course, exultation at being back in Jerusalem.
Still, there wasn't much to Jerusalem at that point,
and most of the returnees lived outside of the city, in
the regions to the south. Establishing crops, building
homes, and figuring out trade agreements with neigh-
boring villages became the priority. The land,
however, was still devastated from Nebuchadnezzar's
retaliation. Crops were thin, there was little game
and survival continued to be precarious.

The charge from King Cyrus, however, had been to
rebuild the Temple. Early in 520 BCE, the returnees
gathered to build a new altar on the site of the old one.
They performed the appropriate rituals, prayers and
sacrifices on the new altar... and then the rebuilding
project stalled again. People went back to their fields,
still trying to nurture meager crops from the unenthu-
siastic soil. There just wasn't the spare time or energy to
put into a community building project yet.

August, however, brought a new voice. Haggai,
one of the prophets who seem to arise whenever
Jerusalem seems directionless, pointed out that folks
had things backward. Of course the crops were bad and
life was hard. Unless and until the Temple was fin-
ished, things would remain the same. First Yahweh
needed to have a Temple, then Yahweh would bring
sustenance back to the land. Jerusalem's residents had
their priorities reversed: Yahweh's house of worship
should be built first. Only after that should people
worry about their own homes.

The foundations for the Second Temple were in
place only months later. As the Temple went up,
however, there was concern among people old enough
toremember the first pre-exilic Temple. How could this
new, poorly financed effort come anywhere close to the
glories of its predecessor?

_—_ U7 2~< CHAPTER ONE: HISTORY OF JERUSALEM
oo

Kes


Nonetheless, the returnees guarded their Temple
and its construction closely. They were approached by
representatives of the local population (not everyone
was exiled to Babylon, after all) who offered their help.
They, too, worshipped Yahweh, and were every bit as
enthusiastic about the reconstruction of the Temple.
Moreover, they'd been stuck in Judea on impoverished
land, keeping the faith alive locally whilst their appar-
ently more fortunate neighbors had been off having
adventures in Babylon.

The returnees bore the charges and goodwill of
Cyrus of Persia, and they had been well treated at the
hands of the Babylonians. They were organized, con-
frontational and confident, and they did not greet the
locals as fellow residents and co-worshipers. Instead
they informed the undisciplined locals that they could
not help with the Temple's reconstruction. Further-
more, the local faith had undoubtedly been tarnished
by their separation from the larger body of worshipers
in Babylon — they could not enter or worship at the
Temple once it was restored to its former glory. In
hindsight, excluding the local people — people with
whom the returnees would be living — may not have
been wise. According to Haggai's vision, Jerusalem
was to have been an open city. Haggai went so far as
to suggest that the city walls be left unrepaired so that
people could enter and leave at will.

Besides, the city was still mostly in ruins. What
harm could there have been in allowing the locals to
have a hand in the Temple reconstruction? The locals
retaliated against the high-handed arrogance of the
newcomers, throwing stones at both priests and farmers
as they worked. The returnees seriously feared that the
locals might attack.

News of the local unrest was carried back to
Babylon; the reconstruction of the Temple of Solomon
was in jeopardy. Just before 444 BCE, the cupbearer to
the king of Babylon, who happened to be a Jew named
Nehemiah, asked permission to go to Jerusalem to
help rebuild the city walls. Permission was granted,
and Nehemiah set out with a very small retinue,
which included Abraham, a Cappadocian Cainite.
Nehemiah got into the city without announcing his
presence or being noticed, and for three days and
nights, Nehemiah wandered around the unofficial site
of Jerusalem.

It had been almost 100 years since King Cyrus
had provided funding and permission for the Yahweh
cult to return to Jerusalem. After a century of return
to their city, much of it still consisted of piles of
tubble. The fortifications were non-existent, the
marketplace was a shambles and Temple artisans
lived in hovels. The Temple priests had set up camp
among the ruins of the old fortress, hoping that it

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

would provide some protection against the raids of
the still-rejected local population.

Once Nehemiah announced himself to the priests
and expressed the Babylonian king's disappointment
with their progress, the priests were embarrassed into
putting a massive effort into finally fortifying the city.
In 52 days, with everyone (including the priests) work-
ing together, the walls were rebuilt — even though the
workers wore their swords for protection from the locals
while they laid the stones. The new walls were dedi-
cated in 444 BCE.

Jerusalem still wasn't much of a city, though. No
one was interested in moving inside the walls to
rehabilitate the pile of rubble. The task of restoring
Jerusalem itself seemed overwhelming — there re-
mained nearly everything to rebuild, on top of the
constant fear of attack from the locals. Why would
anyone bother moving froma (relatively) comfortable
village or farm to take up residence in a half-built city
with fractious neighbors?

Nehemiah believed that a city dedicated to the
worship of Yahweh ought to have a populace. He
organized a regional "lottery," where every tenth
man "won" and was required to move to the city.
While he did manage to enforce this lottery as a
religious duty, it seems safe to assume that the "win-
ners" and their families were somewhat less than
delighted with this honor.

Still, Nehemiah obviously wielded a consider-
able amount of power as the governor of the region.
Not only could he make his "lottery" notion stick,
but he then forced the local nobles to stop charging
interest — a move that was quite popular with the
poorer folks, but also undoubtedly antagonized the
upper classes. Nehemiah then took the radical step
of forbidding marriages between followers of Yahweh
and non-believers. Those who did not comply —
even to the point of renouncing long-established
marriages — were expelled from the city. Former
spouses that followed a deity other than Yahweh
were cast out, and became members of the rebel-
lious communities outside the city walls. All of
these actions may have helped create a sacred city
and a sense of unity, but it certainly could not have
aided in the possibility of ever having a harmonious
relationship with neighboring communities.
Cainites also found themselves on opposite sides of
the city walls, with vampire pitted against vampire,
and feeding privileges divided by caveat rather
than consensus.

By 400 BCE, Jerusalem was finally beginning to
look something like a religious center again, with a
viable — though shaky — economy and a slowly
growing population.


ANTIOCHIA IN JUDEA

In spite of the fact that he never set foot in the
city, Alexander the Great had a profound effect on
Jerusalem. As emperor, he had a series of dreams that
told him to allow Jerusalem (and by extension all Jews,
regardless of where they lived), to be governed by their
own laws. This special exemption for an apparently
insignificant religious cult was to have repercussions
for centuries to come.

When Alexander died in 323 BCE, distant Judea
and Israel suffered under competing expansion efforts
by the Mesopotamians and the Egyptians. These waves
of half-hearted military conquest by familiar antago-
nists dismayed the populace of Jerusalem, Cainite and
kine alike, though the traditional laws granted by
Alexander were always maintained. Over time, a
more civilized influence pervaded the city from the
west, and the Greeks gained titular ownership of the
eastern Mediterranean.

As the Toreador and Ventrue clans expanded, the
Grecian influence began to gradually spread through-
out the Middle East. Rather than the closed-in, insular,
traditional Jewish worldview, the Greek philosophy
seemed to encourage the validity of other ideas, other
ways of doing things. People began to rethink what was

"proper" behavior, what was "beautiful," and what was
the "right" way of perceiving the world. Tolerance and
intellectual enlightenment were preached along with
servitude and prayer.

Jerusalem didn't have to be coerced into the Helle-
nistic tradition; rather, the residents of the city welcomed
the new ways of thinking and the civilized indulgences
that accompanied them. Gods began to have shrines in

about, wl th

Jewish do
sions, W:
out if

eventually Bets
might occur. Tg
fire, famine, fld¢
persecution — but 4f


town, and children were given Greek names. A move-
ment to build a gymnasium where men could study
Greek literature — and exercise nude in Greek fashion
— gathered support even among the more moderate
Jews. Moreover, it was felt that developing a more
"Greek" flavor in the city might well help improve
trade, the economy, and the power of the city.

Antiochus IV ascended the throne in 175 BCE; as
king of Judea, he owed a substantial annual tribute to
the Romans. A couple of citizens who wanted the post
of high priest got into a bidding war, and Antiochus was
only too happy to accept the first's money, name him
high priest... and then when the second contender
offered more money, deport (and cause to be murdered)
the first, thus allowing Antiochus to name a new high
priest and keep both bribes.

Antiochus filled his treasury by treacheries such as
this. When the Roman tribute caravans rode through,
Antiochus had some extra money floating around. He
decided to pay some extra tribute so that he could
rename the city, and in honor of the regional overlords
and king, he named Jerusalem "Antiochia in Judea."

Antiochus also possessed a suspicious streak, and
reports led him to suspect that an exiled priest's
attempt to regain his religious position was really an
attempt at open rebellion. (One supposes that the
army the rejected priest had gathered may have been
a factor in Antiochus's opinion.) In retaliation,
Antiochus raided the Temple's treasures in 169 BCE,
then tore down the city walls so he could build a
fortress for himself and his troops out of the stones.

Antiochus then performed another act that galva-
nized the entire Jewish populace into open rebellion.
The king not only sacrificed a pig on the Temple altar
(which he had already quietly dedicated to Zeus), but
he erected an idolatrous standing stone in the Temple
courtyard. This was no act of tolerant Greek wisdom,
but the betrayal of faith and the holy Temple by the
king who was supposed to guard both. In the ensuing
months, Jews openly rejected the ideas and ideals of
Hellenism, and tensions mounted around Antiochus
the Defiler.

Antiochus, in his continued rage against the
recalcitrant followers of Yahweh, decreed that baby
boys could no longer be circumcised. Circumcision,
however, was the physical manifestation of the Cov-
enant between Yahweh and the Jews, and forbidding
it was in effect an attempt to sunder the faith.
Moreover, Antiochus decreed that Jews were to
abandon all of the laws that separated them from the
rest of the local population. "One people, one law,"
Antiochus decided.

In the words of the original texts, "This evil
onslaught bore hard on the people and was a severe

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

trial, for the Gentiles filled the temple with licen-
tious revelry; they took their pleasure with prostitutes
and had intercourse with women in the sacred
places.... No one was allowed to observe the Sabbath.
or to keep the traditional festivals or even to admit to
being a Jew at all."

Unsurprisingly, this did not sit well with
Antiochus' subjects.

In 166 BCE, Judah, who bore the nickname
"Maccabeus," or "Hammer-headed," organized his first
attacks on the Greeks. Originating as just guerrilla
attacks, the rebellion was also aided by early Assamites,
who were angered over the intrusion of decadent West-
ern Europeans into the holy lands. The raids were
sufficiently persistent and effective that Antiochus
rescinded his anti-circumcision decree two years later.
By then it was too late to halt the avalanche, however.
The Maccabees managed to defeat the Greeks in 165
BCE. Only then did Maccabeus and his followers enter
the Temple to begin the long process of cleansing it
from the defiling idols.

The Maccabees won the city from the Greeks by
force, but they were not organized and strong enough to
maintain rule against outside armies. The local city-
states struggled between themselves, then fell to Roman.
garrisons over the following years. Refugees from the
Punic Wars, particularly Brujah, may have arrived in
the region at this time. Regional politics were ina state
of transition yet again, and Judea (of which, techni-
cally, Jerusalem was still a part) and the rest of Palestine
joined the Roman Empire in 63 BCE.

Being a part of the Roman Empire did not mean
that the political climate was without turmoil, how-
ever. In 44 BCE, Julius Caesar was murdered, and the
tuler of Judea was murdered the following year. The
murdered Judean ruler's son —a man named Herod —
bribed Mark Antony and the Roman Senate into con-
firming him as king of Judea in 37 BCE. For several
years, Herod continued to bribe Antony, adding the
occasional bit of obvious flattery, such as naming the
fortress he built north of the Temple "Antonia." Once
Antony and the Setite ghoul, Cleopatra, fell from favor
with their gods, Herod smoothly transferred his alle-
giance (and bribes) to Octavian.

As long as he was changing the face of the city,
Herod announced that he was going to rebuild the
Temple. City residents were more than a little skepti-
cal; they were incredulous. Not only did they doubt
that Herod could restore the Temple to anything
resembling its former glory, they doubted that he'd
actually finish the project in the end. It was consider-
ably more likely, ran the consensus of the city, that
Herod would tear down the remnants of the old
Temple, start construction on the new building, and


then die, get bored, run out of money, go off to wage
war or in some other fashion leave the city without a
Temple at all.

Unpopular though he was, Herod responded to
the residents' concerns by assembling and paying for
all of the building materials before hiring the work
crews to remove the old foundations. He then trained
a thousand Temple priests to be carpenters and ma-
sons, so that the Temple would be raised using the
most sanctified methods possible. And so Temple
reconstruction got under way yet again. The new
Temple platform was huge, covering about 35 acres. A
labyrinth of supporting structures and buttresses were
built under the platform foundations where construc-
tion extended beyond the actual terraces of the
mountainside. Malkavians who had been living in
caves on the hillside across the valley from the city
promptly found that the buttressed catacombs under
the southeast end of Temple Mount were consider-
ably more comfortable. Not only did the twists and
turns of the catacombs provide better protection from
sunlight than had the caves, but being under Temple
Mount, instead of across the valley, made the city
more accessible to their predations.

Herod's resurrection of the city didn't stop there.
He also built a theater and a hippodrome in the city,

Thien

adaey

even though those kinds of entertainments were not
common to the region. All of this building certainly
benefited Jerusalem; the city grew to about 120,000
residents during Herod's rule.

By 10 BCE, however, Herod began to be con-
cerned — with considerable justification, as it turned
out — about whom his successor might be. When he
died in four BCE, the Romans appointed his son,
Archelas, as ethnarch instead of king of Judea. Archelas
was told he might be appointed king someday, if he
proved himself worthy.

THE KING OF THE JEWS

Archelas was not worthy; he rapidly proved to be
a cruel, vicious and greedy ruler. He was also arro-
gantly careless in devising his accounting practices,
and misjudged the amount of tax he could safely skim
before forwarding the remainder to Rome. In 6 CE, the

~sGONCERNING JESUS:
a eawkward attémp

moniker./As forthe rest of the matter, we thake no
judgements one Way or the other!)

_— CU ¥ 2 —~<CHAPTER ONE: HISTORY OF JERUSALEM
o—- gum

Rosa |

‘Ss

local governor sent troops to Judea to sell off some of
Archelas's properties to repay tributes owed, and to
conduct a census to see how many people actually
lived in the region. This was intended to be a kind of
audit, to see how much tax money was collected, then
compare that with how many taxpayers Archelas said
there were. This tax-reconciliation audit begins the
story of the second of the three monotheistic religions
that drive current Jerusalem.

Because the terms of the audit stipulated that
everyone had to return to their ancestral home in
order to be properly tallied, a carpenter named Jo-
seph departed Nazareth and traveled back to
Bethlehem, taking his pregnant wife with him. It was
while she was in Bethlehem at the behest of the
Roman's census of Archelas that Joseph's wife, Mary,
gave birth to a boy child.

For the most part, the Romans tried not to interfere
too much with the local religions, but there were some
notable exceptions. In 26 CE, a newly arrived procura-
tor—one Pontius Pilate—senthis troops into Jerusalem
carrying huge pictures of Caesar. These were mounted
in such a way that they infringed on the residents' view
of the Temple. Normally there were so many political
and religious sects within the population that it was
difficult to garner agreement on which direction was
north. However, any threat to the Temple prompted a
unified front of resistance. The standards bearing
Caesar's likeness were removed when the Jews bared
their necks to soldiers' swords, rather than tolerate the
defilement of the Temple.

About four years later, a prophet from Galilee
named Joshua arrived in Jerusalem on a religious
pilgrimage. Dismayed that the vendors of sacrificial
animals and changers of foreign money were operat-
ing within the Temple compound instead of outside,
Joshua physically threw them out. This vandalism
was viewed as a potential physical threat to the other
religious pilgrims in town for Passover, as well as a
potential threat to the sanctity of the Temple. The
local population responded just as they had when the
threat to the Temple had come from Pontius Pilate:
They protested the defilement of the Temple, and
Joshua was arrested.

After political discourse over whether this was a
religious or civil crime, Pontius Pilate ceded author-
ity on the matter to the religious authorities. One
pilgrim's outrage meant little to the procurator when
compared to the possible uprising that might result
from the disruption of the Passover rituals. Taunted
by the Romans for being the "King of the Jews,"
Joshua (peace be upon him) was crucified, and,
because the Sabbath was rapidly approaching, his
body was temporarily placed into a cave. Ravnos

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

wy

tales have been passed through the generations that
a young Charlatan stole a nail from Joshua's Cross.
As a result, the Ravnos thief and his Clan were
granted freedom from one of the Ten Command-
ments: "Thou shalt not steal."

When Joshua was seen on the city's streets three
days later, word traveled among the spiritual believers,
and his following grew rapidly. After Joshua reportedly
ascended into heaven, most of his disciples left the city,
leaving only a few to proselytize the locals. (The
Malkavians still claim that this was one of their best
pranks ever. The entire "resurrection" incident was just
a clever and successful grave robbery. Needless to say,
there are millions upon millions of souls who disagree
with this interpretation.)

Tue TEMPLE DESTROYED

Jerusalem (and surrounding Judea) went through
another rapid succession of rulers, and the Jews fo-
mented the occasional rebellion against the Roman
regime as well. In 70 CE Vespasian, who had been
fighting in Galilee for several years, was named em-
peror by the Roman Senate. He left his son, Titus, in
charge of the Galilee armies, and Titus proved to be a
particularly effective commander. Titus began his
campaign against Jerusalem early in the year, and by
May of 70 CE, his troops broke through the city walls.
Within a week, his troops had claimed territory all the
way to the markets built by Herod. By July, they had
the Temple surrounded, and on August 8th, Titus's
army controlled the Temple itself.

With control of the city in his hands, Titus kept his
armies in Jerusalem for another month and ordered
them to level the rebellious city. He spared only a
portion of the city's west wall to provide shelter for his
troops. A dispassionate Roman soldier named Marcus
joined in the destruction of the Temple and the cruci-
fixion of rebellious Jews; he was Embraced by Theophiles
of the Cappadocians before the Romans departed the
city a month later.

Asingle month was not sufficient even for an army
to completely level a city as large as Jerusalem, and an
outline of foundations remained. The Temple, how-
ever, was utterly destroyed — ransacked, burned and
then torn apart. Only a few survivors stayed in the city,
devoted to rebuilding once again.

The patriatchs;or bishofisy were
leaders of. of the Cliris t Gult. Originally]
they wefe sit in Rome, yalem EAN Aelia),

pene st dria. Event
was allowed to hae. its own, Beach

nS Ua


Jerusalem, by this point, had been through any
number of names, rulers, political manipulations, and
religious variations. Every time the city had been left
in ruins, it had eventually been rebuilt, and the
destruction by Titus was no exception. This time,
however, there was no great leader and no influx of
tiches, and the Temple was not reconstructed to
greater glory. There has been no Temple to Yahweh
on Temple Mount since the year 70 CE, when Titus
destroyed it, and there remains none to this day, more
than 11 centuries later. There is a bright note: as
devastating as the loss of the Temple was, the Jewish
people have survived, just as Yahweh promised.

Awa Caprronina

Continuing in their struggles to escape from Ro-
man rule, the Jews tried to organize another revolt
against it in 132 CE. That uprising was rapidly squashed,
and the Romans decided to start rebuilding the city of
Jerusalem themselves. This time, however, they would
name the city "Aelia Capitolina" for the emperor at
that time, and for the city's new deific benefactor:
Jupiter Capitolinus. The Jews remaining in the city
were expelled and not allowed to return.

The politics of the region began to change when
Emperor Constantine became interested in the Chris-
tian cause. When he convened the patriarchs of the
Church in Nicea in 325 CE (reputedly at the behest of
the Ventrue), special provision was made to include
the patriarch of the city still knownas Aelia. This was,
however, a courtesy to the historical importance of
that city, not in honor of the city's economic or
logistic importance at that time. Aelia, formerly Jerusa-
lem, looked pretty muchas it had looked two centuries
earlier: dated, far from commercial routes, and of
neither political nor commercial importance. There
was some trade in religious tourism, but not much else
to commend it.

Constantine ordered that the churches of Jerusa-
lem be rebuilt at his expense. Determined to rebuild
the city as a Christian one, he decided that Jews
would only be allowed inside the gates on one day
of the year, so that they could mourn the destruc-
tion of the Temple. Of particular concern to
Constantine was that the cave tomb in which
Joshua's body had rested be found and uncovered.
From local history and the stories told (it had been
less than 300 years, after all, in an age when oral
tradition was considerably more reliable than any-
thing written), the location of his tomb was known
and easily identified. The site was, in fact, under
the temple of Jupiter Capitolinus. The first church

built with Constantine's money rose on that site:
the Church of the Holy Sepulcher.

_——_C 2 ~< CHAPTER ONE: HISTORY OF JERUSALEM
on game

QOS,

Constantine's mother, Helena Augusta, was en-
trusted with the responsibility of making a grand tour
through the region, complete with huge entourage,
to demonstrate the benevolence of her son's reign.
She commissioned churches to be built wherever a
site that might be holy to the Christians could be
found. However, one piece of "common knowledge"
about Helena's progress through the Holy Land is
difficult to confirm. The chronicler who accompa-
nied her doesn't seem to mention anything about her
having found the True Cross. Nor, for that matter,
does he indicate that Helena was particularly driven
to find this relic. Nonetheless, by 390 CE the True
Cross had supposedly been identified, with credit for
the discovery given to Helena. Slivers of wood pur-
ported to be from the True Cross have been distributed
across the Christian world. The True Cross and the
Church of the Holy Sepulcher continued to be im-
portant to Jerusalem's history and, indeed, were
pivotal factors in more recent events.

Christian pilgrimages continued, in spite of the
difficulties of travel. Etheria of Clan Brujah was Em-
braced on pilgrimage to Jerusalem in the year 395 CE.
Presumably her journey had atits root rumors of Helena's
finds and the heightened publicity of pilgrimages to the
eastern Holy Lands.

The turn of the century saw more unrest within the
Church. The Nestorians split off, and a chasm began to
grow between Christians who were anti-Jew and Chris-
tians who remembered that Joshua (peace be upon him)
was Jewish. In 438 CE, there was rumor that Jews would
be allowed to return to Jerusalem, but when they
entered the city, rocks fell on them. It is difficult to tell
whether this was one of Jerusalem's periodic earth-
quakes, or if inimical Christians arranged an ambush.

That same year a woman who'd been visiting
Jerusalem had a falling-out with her husband,
Theodosius, who just happened to be emperor.
Eudocia returned to Jerusalem in 444 CE, building a
hospice for pilgrims and a home for the Patriarch of
Jerusalem. She extended the city walls to enclose the
areas thriving to the south, and financed the enlarge-
ment of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher. This
rebuilding of the city was supported by the Toreador
Elsh, who'd been in the region since the days of the
first Temple of Solomon, and attracted Italian and
Byzantine Cainites fleeing the fall of Rome.

Surah 2:193

Fight them til

and the law of Coupe
If they desist;
except against' those iS ‘oppress.


PEOPLE,OF-THE Book
Qur'ani oe sack aa of the
Book" must be Jews and Chris-

tians in a special pean ey of religious
freedom. Whalesnahe belie stlievers are ¢ "encouraged to
convert to 5 s are consid-
ered exempt; t! x ¢ Book." Islam
explicitly

If they tum awry, is, Sel them?
"Bear witness that we-submit to Him."

With changes in the politics of the region and
the growing threat of Persian expansion in the early
seventh century, Abraham of the Cappadocians de-
parted Jerusalem. Persia had taken huge swaths of
territory from the Byzantines, and though the Per-
sians at first intended to peacefully subjugate the
Christians and Jews, they decided to take Jerusalem
by military force when physical altercations made it
clear that these two groups could not coexist peace-
fully under Persian rule. Etheria of Brujah also
departed, bound for Bethlehem, when Persian armies
readied to lay siege to the city.

After 40 days of siege, the Persians took Jerusalem.
Christian prisoners who were likely to be useful, includ-
ing the Patriarch of Jerusalem (who carried the True
Cross), were taken to the Persian capital city. The Jews

cessor" or "deputy,"
réligious, military or
juniderlying sense that
e€ifically chosen by Allah
for their clear visionand wisdom.

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT


Taces OF JERUSALEM: THE NIGHT JOURNEY
One night in 620 LE, the archangel

Gabriel brought Muhammad (peace be upon

him) +0 Jerusalem, flying through the night

on Buraq, a winged®)

reached the city, +

were left to rule Jerusalem for the first time in centuries.
They resumed their traditional worship in their tradi-
tional places, and made sacrifices on (as best as they
could tell) the site of the old Temple altar.

For reasons still unknown, the Persians changed
their mind. Less than three years after allowing the Jews
into Jerusalem, they expelled the Jews yet again, and
retook the city to rule, themselves.

A-Qups

Things were about to change quickly, however. By
634 CE, the Muslims would be camped around
Bethlehem, with their gaze firmly set on Jerusalem.

It has been suggested that Etheria of the Brujah
may have been a significant influence in this Muslim
path of conquest, opening Bethlehem and its re-
sources for Jerusalem's conquest. After all, the current
tegime offered few opportunities for Cainites (par-
ticularly ones with overtly Christian agendas, like
Etheria), while certain tendencies in the Muslim
conquests suggested that a change of rulership might
benefit Cainite interests. While there is no proof for
this theory (and indeed, Etheria herself has the an-
tipathy of many of the city's Muslim vampires), there
are a few tantalizing hints that Etheria was at least
indirectly involved in turning the Muslim advance
toward the city.

The Muslims took Jerusalem in 635 CE, apparently
with little or no bloodshed (or supernatural assistance)
whatsoever. The city may have asked for the same terms
of surrender that had been granted Damascus: that the
residents be guaranteed continued possession of their
lives, goods, domiciles and churches (which would be

Tue LizArp
There was one notable exception to these
centuries of peace: al-Hakim. Succeeding his fa-

substituted for Allah's name in the daily prayers.
Muslims rioted rather than comply. That his own
people would turn against his decrees

never seen again — at least not by mortal eyes.

neither occupied or destroyed) as long as the conquered
people did nothing untoward. The terms were granted,
and Jerusalem passed into Muslim hands.

The Muslims did change the city's name again,
however. Henceforth, the decree ran, the city would be

_——_ CU? 2~< CHAPTER ONE: HISTORY OF JERUSALEM
en cea

LESS

FRANJ AND SARACENS
Humans a
things, inclu

ife, rather
. There is

known as "Bayt al-Maqdis," or "the Holy House."
Within a couple of decades, the name became colloqui-
ally shortened to "the Holy," or "al-Quds." It once again
became an open city for Jews and Muslims at this point,
and Christians were allowed to travel through the
territory as fellow "People of the Book."

Muslims certainly were well aware of the sanctity of
the city, and of its importance to Judaism. Records show
that Jews were welcomed back into the city almost as
quickly as the Muslims could open the gates after taking
possession. Moreover, the Jews were immediately al-
lowed access to the Temple site, and Caliph Umar had
the Temple Mount cleared of rubbish. The Christians
had never built on the site, following Joshua's prophecy
that no Temple stone would be left on top of another.

Instead, the Christians had turned Temple Mount
into a trash heap.

After the mount was cleared, Umar built an unim-
pressive mosque at one end. Jews were allowed to pray
at the one piece of the Temple that remained, which
became known as the Wailing Wall, while the mosque
was situated opposite, in a spot that would not interfere
with the Jewish worship. On a more practical note, the
Mount wasa flat spot, high enough to be visible to most
of the city, and the perfect place fora muezzin's voice to
be heard calling the faithful to prayer. Finally, as fellow
children of Abraham, Muslims considered the site
sacred as well.

Several years later, in 691 CE, the Dome of the
Rock was built by Abd al-Malik to commemorate and
protect the site from which the Prophet Muhammad
ascended to heaven. Various improvements were made
to all the holy sites of the city over the next several
years, with the involvement of the Toreador Elsh and

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

his temple builders. Charlemagne had also decided
that something should be done for the pilgrims who
traveled to Jerusalem, and endowed the building of a
hospice, church and convent, which became part of
the Church of the Holy Sepulcher complex. Monas-
teries appeared outside of the city, away from the
urban sprawl and crowded conditions within.

Oddly enough, the city somehow avoided becom-
ing a battlefield during the next couple of regional
uprisings. The Abbasids and Fatimids fought over lead-
ership of the Muslim world, but the differences in
theology were minor enough that al-Quds simply re-
mained a growingand thriving city. Jews and Christians,
according to records from all sides, did not suffer under
Muslim rule, and pilgrims, merchants, and traders con-
tinued to travel to and from the city without restriction.

Jews also took advantage of the relative calm to
expand their numbers and their holdings within the
city. When the Muslims took Jerusalem, the council of
Jewish elders, then called a "Yeshiva," moved back to
Jerusalem. From this group emerged the religious calen-
dar, ritual liturgies and legal decisions. Over the next
several hundred years, Jews again owned shops, built
schools and synagogues, and thrived.

Abraham of the Cappadocians embraced Adam, a
Jewish scholar, to assist him in the studies of the sacred
mysteries sometime near 815 CE. Boniface the Brujah
also rose from torpor at this time and returned to
Jerusalem. He took personal responsibility for the safety
of pilgrims who stayed in the hostels built by
Charlemagne's donations, and personally destroyed
several of the more indiscriminate feeders among the
local Cainite population for daring to threaten his herd.

Meanwhile, back in Europe, Pope Urban II became
angered past endurance with all of the petty infighting
among the European states. In 1095, he decided that a
religious quest might convince some of these barons
and kings and dukes to work together instead of con-
stantly being at each other's throats. Of course, this idea
required one essential ingredient: a foe against whom
Christian Europe would feel compelled to unify. The
choice was obvious. With the 11th century drawing to
aclose, Pope Urban II called for the rescue of Jerusalem
from the hands of the infidel Saracens.

Tue Roap To CrusADE

The pope had previously declared that the religious
pilgrims on their way to Jerusalem and other holy sites
would be free from road tolls and taxes on their way
through Europe. Islamic law, however, doesn't necessar-
ily follow European rules. Once they got to Muslim lands,
ostentatiously dressed pilgrims, especially those traveling
in large groups, were usually given the choice of forfeiting
their goods or their lives. Word of these incidents got


back to Europe, and provoked a predictable response.
Outrage was not limited to the mortal sphere, as Cainites
(most notably the Christian Lasombra) took this as
evidence that perhaps their interests in the region were
worth protecting more vigorously.

Deuteronomy 30:15
Today I offer you the choice of life and good, or
death and evil.

William of Tyre suggests that the First Crusade
was retaliation for the destruction of the Church of
the Holy Sepulcher ordered by al-Hakim — which
had occurred some 90 years before the First Crusade
got to Jerusalem. Interestingly, William's accountalso
makes it perfectly obvious that there had been no
reduction in the number of pilgrims headed to Jerusa-
lem, in spite of the church's destruction. In fact, the
number of pilgrims was constantly increasing (in part
due to Boniface's efforts), and it was taking a larger
and larger amount of Jerusalem's resources to keep
these people sheltered and fed. Jerusalem's rulers fi-
nally realized that they had a potential source of
income on their hands: religious tourism.

Moreover, it wasn't only the Church of the Holy
Sepulcher that had been destroyed by al-Hakim. Hakim
the Madalso hada number of other Christian churches,
and Jewish synagogues, and even Muslim mosques
destroyed. That particular round of destruction, how-
ever, may well have been caused by what eyewitness
reports called the Descent of Holy Fire, which al-
Hakim regarded as blasphemous magic.

The destruction of the Christian churches, in par-
ticular the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, did have a
significant impact on the leaders of the Roman Catho-
lic Church and on the Lasombra—Paliuro, in particular.
The wide-flung churches that had been sponsored by
Constantine in his expansion were worldly symbols of
the power and order of Roman Catholicism and the

John 8:51
In very truth I tell you, if anyone obeys my
teaching he will never see death.

)

Fy
yy

_——_ CU? 2~< CHAPTER ONE: HISTORY OF JERUSALEM
a ca

LIS


power of the patriarchs, and their destruction could not
be tolerated. Financed by Constantine IX Monomachus,
reconstruction of the Holy Sepulcher was begun in
1030 and completed by 1048. The Muslim rulers were
a bit disturbed by the images of Joshua (peace be upon
him) inside, because graphic images are idolatry under
Islamic law, but had no real objections to the recon-
struction of the church on Christianity's holy site.
William of Tyre offers a few other possible motiva-
tions for the Crusades: fear of servitude (from whom?),
thatnon-believers were sitting on the altar of the Temple
(difficult to prove), that holy statues were broken (this
seems possible considering Islam's prohibition on idola-
try, but hardly a reason to trek thousands of miles to lay
siege toa walled city), and that the Christian residents of
city were ordered to help restore walls and towers of city.
The last excuse seems feasible — considering that
all residents of the city had helped restore the walls in
the last century. Apparently the Christians were as-
signed torepaira quarter of the city walls. The assignment
could not have been disproportionately onerous, since
the city's population was more than 25 percent Chris-
tian at the time. The local Christians claimed, however,

Surah 3: 185
Every soul will know the taste of death.

that they were so destitute from taxes that they could
only afford to repair one, perhaps two, of the towers.
They sent gifts to Constantine IX to apply for relief.
(The question of how they could afford gifts suitable for
the emperor while not being able to afford to rebuild a
wall remains unanswered, though it is a source of
amusement to Cainite observers who remember the
incident.) Constantine IX, in turn, made the Christians
living on Cyprus pay for the materials, then extracted a
promise from the Muslim leaders that if the Christians
rebuilt their assigned quarter of the wall, only Chris-
tians would be allowed to live in that section of the city.
In 1063, the Christians finished the walls around what
was now the Christian Quarter, and Muslims who'd
lived in that area for generation upon generation were
forced to move out.

In spite of the grumbling of the resident Christians,
Islamic rule was reasonably gracious to the Christian
pilgrims. Hospitals were built in the center of the city to
house and care for the Christian pilgrims, lest they be
found wandering in the streets at night; the safety of the
pilgrims within their walls was assured by a pact be-
tween Salubri healers and their Brujah allies, though
pilgrims remained a prime source of vitae for the city's
Cainite population. In addition, the Matimid govern-
ment began paying a subsidy to the Jewish Yeshiva,
which had been destroyed by Hakim the Mad.


In spite of the relatively benign government by the
Islamic regime, Pope Urban II called for the recovery of
Jerusalem in 1095. There had been no public outcry
demanding this action, no one in Jerusalem had asked
to be rescued and no one had been persecuting the
followers of Joshua. Still, justification had to be found
to get the fractious European nobles occupied with
something other than bashing on each other and in-
vading each other's territory, and so the armies of the
kings of Europe marched. Once they got to Jerusalem,
the crusaders mounted a siege against the city.

There wassome discord among Muslim princes, who
had the will — but not capacity — to defend the city
from the fanatics outside of the walls. As the Muslims
squandered their preparation time and resources and the
crusaderarmies mounted their siege, Etheria of Bethlehem
sent envoys to the city offering refuge to Jerusalem's
Cainites. Some left the city and survived the coming
onslaught, and still remain indebted to her. To this
night, Etheria guards those debts scrupulously.

CrusHDER VICTORY

The city was taken from the north on the morning
of July 15, 1099. The fortifications were breached, and
the crusaders flooded into the city. The Christians were
brutal in their victory. The city's population, without
regard to religious conviction, was put to the sword or
the fire; about 70,000 residents were slaughtered in
seven days and nights of butchery. According to one
report, men rode in blood up to their knees and bridle
reins. Disembodied heads were stacked in haphazard
piles at the intersections of the city's main streets.
Christian, Muslim or Jew — Cainite or kine — if you
were found inside the walls when the crusaders stormed

These two groups of crusaders, both built on the
of Christian charity, rapidly developed a
athy that could only tangentially be

me re comer of thei hospital compound that
to be taller than
The Bruen Templar

taller

catacombs at this behavior surely must have
product of the wind.

into Jerusalem, you were put to death. The streets, walls,
and buildings dripped with blood, and body fragments
were strewn about everywhere.

The crusaders had a unique means of claiming
occupation of the city. As an individual came across a
house he thought he might like, he only had to slay the
residents, then mount his shield on the door to claim
ownership. The first crusader to enter a house, then,
owned it. Whatever could be "owned" — which in-
cluded most of the structures of the city —was possessed
by merely slaughtering the object's rightful owner. In
the meantime, Godfrey of Bouillon was set up as king of
Jerusalem. He was followed by his brother, Baldwin,
when Godfrey died of typhoid in 1100.

The problem was, who would live in the city?

The conquest had destroyed or dispersed the entire
population, and few newcomers came to replace them. The
city was deep in hostile territory, but according to the
crusader rules, any new citizens would have to be Christian.

But the Christians currently in residence wanted to
go home to their estates and lands in Europe. Their
glorious Crusade had been accomplished, Jerusalem
had been wrested from the Muslims, and now it was
time to return to wives and lands and familiar political
struggles. Even the lowly foot soldiers, who had no
particular reason to return to Europe, weren't interested
in staying in Jerusalem. There was more wealth to be
had in the nearby coastal cities.

Still, after winning the city, the crusaders couldn't
just walk away. Some kind of presence — preferably
military—had to be maintained. The established Catho-
lic patriarchy of the city was influential but indulgent,
and could hardly be expected to hold such an important
city as Jerusalem without the power of the sword.

While there was a fairly fast resurgence of the Chris-
tian population, one of the problems was the very diversity
of that population. All sorts of Christians gradually
moved to Jerusalem — Greek Orthodox, Syrians (who
were generally conceded to be useless in war), Arme-
nians (in spite of an irreconcilable hatred between them
and the Greek Orthodox), Georgians, Jacobites,
Nestorians — not to mention the divisions among the
Latin peoples: Germans, Spaniards, Gauls, Italians and
others. Every sect was, for some thoroughly justifiable
reason, jealous and quarrelsome. Political and religious
tensions mounted, and that was just during the daylight
hours. The tensions of the night were no less complex,
and traffic between the religiously divided neighbor-
hoods was difficult for all Cainites, particularly those still
clinging to their mortal allegiances of faith or national-
ity. Such quarrels among the Cainites grew bloody,
though as usual it was mortals who suffered; Armenian.
vampires wrought havoc in Greek Orthodox neighbor-
hoods when they fed, and vice versa.

CT 2 CHAPTER ONE: HISTORY OF JERUSALEM
o~ gem

QOS

The crusaders left the Dome of the Rock and al-
Aqsa Mosque standing on Temple Mount, although
the mosque was heavily damaged. It seems that the
crusaders were aware that the buildings couldn't have
been parts of Solomon's Temple—and probably weren't
of Jewish origin at all — but apparently they thought
that al-Aqsa Mosque and the Dome of the Rock had
been Christian buildings subverted to Muslim use.
Based on this erroneous assumption, the crusaders set
about turning the mosque "back" into a church.

The conversion began in about 1114, and the site
was formally consecrated to God in 1142. The primary
Muslim objection (the church was still a place of wor-
ship, after all, and God is Allah is Yahweh), was that the
Christians, in their feeble human way, had attempted to
render God's image as they decorated the interior. Inter-
estingly, the crusaders left the Islamic dedicatory
inscriptions intact — perhaps not realizing that the
ornate curved lines were Arabic calligraphic script.

(Much of the preservation of the mosques' interiors
can be traced to an uneasy arrangement between Chris-
tian and Muslim Lasombra in the city. As the Christians
held the upper hand for the moment, they drove a harder
bargain than they might have been able to otherwise.
However, the threat made by the then-itinerant elder
Ibrahim to settle in the city and watch matters himself
was enough to extract some concessions.)

This still didn't solve the problem of creating a
permanent Christian presence in Jerusalem. One possible
solution appealed to those individuals who were still filled
with crusaderzeal: an organization dedicated to theservice
of God. As William of Tyre reports, "In that year [1119],
certain pious and God-fearing nobles of knightly rank,
devoted to the Lord, professed the wish to live perpetually
in poverty, chastity, and obedience." King Baldwin II,
various nobles, and church officials provided this new
organization with holdings of land and other gifts, some
limited, some in perpetuity, to provide for their mainte-
nance in the city. Thus began the Order of the Knights
Templars. Shortly after their foundation, the Templars
also attracted the attention of enterprising Ventrue, and
it was not long before the order had been infiltrated.

The organization started so small that there were
still only nine members a decade later. It was the

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Knights Templars that originated the practice of sewing
a red cross onto their white habits, a symbol that
became known as the "crusader cross." In the begin-
ning, the Knights Templars held to their noble purpose.
But their wealth increased, and their numbers increased
— and before long, they withdrew their support from
the Patriarch of Jerusalem when things got contentious.
The Templars became a troublesome lot. Somehow,
too, possession of the Dome of the Rock passed into
their hands as well. The Christians didn't particular
care; the church (or mosque) on Temple Mount wasn't
part of the religious pilgrimage tradition yet. In fact, the
significance of the Temple Mount was mostly negative:
it was the place where Joshua was betrayed. However,
the Muslim Lasombra saw the act asa blow against them
by their archrivals, and again tensions heightened.

The Templars turned the mosque into a storeroom,
and stabled their horses under Temple Mount. Whereas
violence has been forbidden on Temple Mount by both
the Jews and the Muslims, the crusaders turned the
mosque into an arsenal, storing armor and weapons
there. This was the last straw, and several of the Islamic
Lasombra decided to remove the insult personally. Their
Christian counterparts made no move to stop them (but
did not assist their efforts), and the result was a bloody
battle beneath the Temple Mount. Unfortunately forthe
Lasombra, the lone Ventrue in residence was able to
survive the assault long enough to call for help from his
mortal compatriots, and the end result was a bloody
slaughter of almost all concerned. Direct Venture influ-
ence and the Islamic faction of Lasombra faded from the
city simultaneously. The Templars themselves were too
strong to uproot, however, and the remaining Lasombra
endured their existence gracelessly.

At about the same time, the Hospital of St. John
was founded. Like the Knights Templars, the Knights
Hospitallers were taken with the idea of holy charity.
However, where the Templars became wealthy and
militant, the Hospitallers managed to become militant
and charitable. While developing a reputation as fierce
warriors, they also managed to care for over a thousand
Christian pilgrims a year.


Like the Knights Templars, the Hospitallers were
more or less exempt from the legal and fiscal jurisdic-
tion of the patriarch. These two military/ monastic
orders, the Knights of the Temple and of the Hospital,
wereauthentic crusader inventions, owing their loyalty
tothe pope, not to any secular king. Their presence was
a thorn in the side of Father Paliuro, who viewed his
influence over the patriarch as the final arbitration in
Christian control of the city.

Tue CaINITE INFLUX

Azif of the Brujah arrived in 1120 and began under-
mining Christian mortal institutions, intent on corrupting
them and toppling the Kingdom of Jerusalem. Hannah,
acrippled waif, was Embraced by the Nosferatu Ephraim
in approximately 1180. Refugees from Etheria's
Bethlehem began returning to Jerusalem after the cru-
sader capture of the city as well; their return was simpler
if they were Christian than if they were Jewish or
Muslim; the weight of mortal institution leveraged Cainite
politics toward the Christian. It was difficult, if not
impossible, for Jewish or Muslim Cainites to infiltrate
Christian organizations (at least, not without a healthy
dose of Obfuscate, and the city's Nosferatu had other
concerns); the cultural differences made their efforts
obvious and easily thwarted. With astonishing rapidity,
Christian Cainites settled into positions behind most of
the city's most important mortal institutions.

Non-CurIsTIANs IN THE CiTy

The Jewish presence in the newly opened city was
minimal, with an entire post-slaughter population of
perhaps 200 individuals. They lived near the Tower of
David, reputed to be the strongest structure in the city.
Legitimately, they seemed to be a bit tentative about
their safety in the city under Christian rule.

The official Muslim perspective was a bit different.
Few Muslims bothered to try to remain in the city. They
felt that the Franj would soon get bored, miss their
families and estates in Europe, and before much longer,
would just go away. Jerusalem would return to Muslim
hands when the Franj got tired of it; it just wasn't worth
spending the lives to mount a military campaign to
regain what would be theirs again in a few years.

That attitude began to change, however, as the
Christians became more and more arrogant. Muslims
and Jews living in or near the city were subjected to a
constant barrage of religious slogans, and were often the
victims and targets of assaults. They garnered consider-
able sympathy from the Nosferatu and Gangrel of the
city, who had been residents for as long as the Jews.
Moreover, the crusaders had absolutely no toleration
for any belief system outside of Christianity as the
crusaders preached it, and the threat of forced conver-
sion under Paliuro's control loomed large.

In 1169, Nural-Din wrote of his intention to banish
the worshipers of the cross from the al-Agsa Mosque,
and recover Jerusalem. Enough was enough.

It was his nephew, Salah al-Din ibn Ayyub, who
finally did it, though.

Salah al-Din (who came to be known as "Saladin" in
Westernaccounts) wasactually Kurdish, not Arabic. While
hewasremarkably culturedand humane, that'snot whatgot
him the command of the counter-Crusade. Salah al-Din
was a man of firm faith, free from heterodoxy, theological
error or heresy. He had little tolerance for any Muslim
innovation, although he looked benevolently on the ideas
of other religions. He was a traditionalist in his interpreta-
tion of Qur'anic law —and that may well have saved many
Christian lives. In fact, Salah al-Din intended to go preach
to the Franj, once the current dispute was settled.

Salah al-Din gathered his armies and brought them
to the Holy Land to meet the crusader forces. The
armies meet in Hattin in Galilee on July 4, 1187 against
the better judgement of many Christian strategists, and
the crusader forces were crushed. The Saracens cap-
tured the Frank king (Guy of Lusignan), his brother
(Godfrey), and several others. Salah al-Din's troops
also captured the True Cross, which the crusaders had
carried into battle with them. (One is tempted to
believe this might have been smart thinking on the
crusaders' part. They lugged the True Cross from Jerusa-
lem into battle in Galilee, and now the Muslim troops
—who, although victorious, had to be alittle tired after
the battle — had to lug it back to Jerusalem.)

As the Christians tell the next bit of the story, Salah
al-Din's troops rounded up King Guy and the rest of the
nobles and sent them off to Damascus. The Knights
Templars and Hospitallers were scheduled to be ex-
ecuted. Salah al-Din's troops, however, hoped to ransom
the Templars and Hospitallers, and would not release
their prisoners. Salah al-Din offered his own troops fifty
Egyptian dinars for each Templar and Hospitaller pris-
oner. He paid fortwo hundred, and those were immediately
decapitated. According to the Christians, the Knights
Templars and Hospitallers were the fiercest fighters and
the most dangerous opponents, and killing them outright
would prevent those particular individuals from ever
again raising arms against the Muslim people. Salah al-
Din went so far as to send messages throughout the land,
stating thatany Templars or Hospitallers in custody must
be executed immediately. According to the Christian
version of the tale, Salah al-Din's orders were carried out.


From the Muslim side, Salah al-Din justified the few
killings that were carried out after the battle as wiping out
disbelief. He was attempting to destroy polytheism to
reinstate monotheism. One must, after all, cut down the
enemy in defense of one's friends! Moreover, only 200 of
the most militant warriors were killed. That's an example,
not a massacre, and surely had no comparison to the
crusader eradication of Jerusalem's residents in 1099.
Moreover, the Templars and Hospitallers were soldiers
and by necessity and definition might find their lives
forfeit, unlike the slaughter of the city's innocent dwellers.

Regardless, the incident became a banner that the
supporters of the various orders — living and otherwise
—rallied behind in Europe.

Days later, the Muslim army marched back into
Jerusalem and took the city with little fuss. One of their
first actions was to remove the gilded cross from atop
the Dome of the Rock. The Muslims were jubilant at
their return to Jerusalem. They had been excluded
entirely from the city since the Franks took it in 1099.
Unlike the bewilderment of the invading Crusaders
(who had taken the city, but had no organized plans
beyond the conquest), the Muslims had evicted their
enemy and were now returning home.

Crusader prisoners were given the opportunity to
purchase their freedom at the ransom of 10 dinar per
man, five per woman, and two for each child. If ransom
was paid within 40 days of the Muslim conquest of the
city, those individuals were free to collect all of their
possessions and leave. One leader of the Latin Church
left loaded down with money and treasures he'd "col-
lected" from the Dome of the Rock, al-Agqsa Mosque,
and even the Church of the Holy Sepulcher. His
officers advised Salah al-Din to keep the treasure, but
al-Din merely collected the required 10 dinar, and let
the man leave. It wasa matter of honor, afterall, to keep
his word about the price of a man's ransom.

Salah al-Din also sent the Frank military prisoners
who could not afford ransom off to Tyre. There is a great
deal of debate among scholars about why precisely he did
this, as essentially he was reinforcing Tyre's armed forces
with an infusion of 15,000 troops. Supernatural influ-
ence hasbeen suggested more than onceasan explanation,
though the question of precisely which of the city's
Cainites had both motive and access is a thorny one.

Once in possession of the city, the Muslims began
restoring religious buildings and areas to their original
state. Since no Muslims had lived in the city for almost
90 years, the majority of their religious sites had been
Christianized. Now that the Muslimshad returned home,
the Knights Templars' living quarters were removed
from al-Agsa, and the prayer niche was uncovered.
Courtyards were cleared, and all of the idolatrous images
and statues were removed from religious places.

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Meanwhile, Salah al-Din began reinforcing the
walls surrounding the city. A Toreador, Duyal al-
Malatya, arrived somewhere in this time, and began to
work with Elsh on various secular and religious projects.

A debate arose — part philosophical, part religious,
part military — about what to do with sites that were
explicitly Christian. Jewish sites weren't contested:
They were Jewish, and, at the invitation of the Muslims,
Jews began returning to Jerusalem immediately after
the crusaders had been ousted.

The Christian sites, however, were a different mat-
ter. By Quranic law, a city that has been won by arms
may be treated differently than a city that surrenders ,
as Jerusalem had surrendered when the Muslims first
arrived in 638. According to the Qur'an, the Muslims
were free to treat crusader properties as they pleased.
Considering that the crusaders had slaughtered thou-
sands of Jews and Muslims in their taking of the city and
had grabbed as much property as possible in the process,
what response to take was a serious question.

Tt was eventually decided that, rather than treat the
crusaders as the crusaders had treated the Muslims, the
Muslims would grant the Christians the ownership of the
shrinesthatseemed to be mostimportant to them, including
the critical Church of the Holy Sepulcher. Less important
shrines were torn down or converted to Muslim uses.

Meanwhile Richard] of England, better known as the
Lion-Hearted, continued trying to figure outa way to seize
Jerusalem. He suggested a meeting with Salah al-Din to
discuss the conditions for the release of the prisoners at
Acre. Salah al-Din refused however —not because of any
military strategy, but again, because of Muslim law. The
Qur'an directs that Muslims only eat together after a
conflict has ended. If Richard and Salah met and supped,
Salah contended, they would become friends — and it is
against Muslim law to wage war upon friends. Once a truce
agreement was settled, Salah continued, he would be
happy to meet Richard of the Lion's Heart.

There were three issues between Richard the Lion-
Hearted and Salah al-Din: Jerusalem, territory and the
True Cross.

Richard argued that Jerusalem was non-negotiable. It
is the Christian Holy City, a place of worship, and the
crusaders would fight to the last man to win it back.
Richard also wanted the territory west of Jordan, to provide
safe access to Jerusalem. And while the True Cross was
onlyachunk of wood to the Muslims, Richard pointed out
that it is holy and of inestimable value to the Christians.

Salah al-Din countered with the fact that Jerusalem
is even more holy to Muslims, as the Prophet (peace be
upon him) made his Night Journey to the city, and the
entire Muslim community will be reunited there on
Judgment Day. Additionally, the territory west of Jordan
had belonged to the Muslims for hundreds of years. The


Franj were mere visitors, and their occupation was tem-
porary. About the True Cross, however, Salah conceded
that Richard was right. It really didn't matter to the
Muslimsas it didn'tfit into their religious teachings atall.
Itwas, however, a trump, and would only be returned to
the Christians in exchange for some concession to Islam.
Richard's counteroffer was odd, but did reflect the
European nobles' habit of building dynasty through their
women. Richard suggested that his sister marry Salah's
brother, and that the new couple could jointly rule the
lands. Suspecting that it was a bluff, Salah accepted.
Richard, who did not expect to have his bluff called,
hastily claimed that his sister had fled, screaming thatshe
would never have anything to do with an infidel.
Al-Din countered with a proposal that was simple
and straightforward: Everyone would keep what they
currently held, there would be peace for five years, and
the Franj would have free access to Jerusalem without
paying the jizya and without restriction, so long as they
entered the city unarmed. Not seeing victory on the
horizon (and having a considerable amount to lose, as
Phillip of France was becoming more and more of a
problem) Richard agreed, and five years ago, in Sep-
tember 1192, a five-year peace treaty was signed.
Since that time, the Christian pilgrimages have con-
tinued. And while it was Salah al-Din who wrote into the
truce treaty the stipulation that Christian pilgrims could
come into city without restriction, he did keep track of
who was visiting, and for how long. Salah al-Din prided
himself on his beneficence toward the Christians and on
his religious tolerance for all People of the Book, and he
invited the more interesting and distinguished visitors to

join him for dinner. Interestingly, Richard the Lion-
Hearted has never come to Jerusalem; he can not bring
himself to visit in peace a city he'd intended to win in war.

Salah al-Din died four years ago (may peace be
upon him). One of his sons ruled this region at first, but
knowing courtiers whisper that Salah al-Din's brother,
al-Adil (the one who almost became Richard the Lion-
Hearted's brother-in-law) will end up in command.

Meanwhile, Richard and his nobles mostly stay out
near the coast, honoring the truce. The newest incarna-
tion of the city is a growing, changing amalgamation of
ideas and influences. After all, Jerusalem had been a
thriving Muslim city before the Christians invaded, so the
populace has no interest in trying to create a whole new
entity. Neither, however, can they simply recreate the old
Jerusalem, not after the place was stripped of most of its
population when the crusaders took the city in 1099.

There's a sense of wariness, now that the Muslims have
had their first taste of Christian cruelty. Neither Jews nor
Muslims can quite figure out why the Christians have any
claim to the city and surrounding territory at all. Coming to
Jerusalem to worship is one thing — permitted and even
encouraged by the residents—butclaiming therighttoown
and rule the region is another matter entirely. Jewish and
Muslim Cainites are particularly wary. The bright flame of
Christian faith is painful enough, and wedded to military
mightit becomesafearful thingindeed. Theendlessdestruc-
tion and rebuilding has wrecked havens and destroyed
treasures, unearthed slumbering Cainites and rendered the
ancient city astrange place to returning wanderers. The city
still exerts an irresistible pull, but those who respond to its
call now find no peace there.

The capture of Jei
breaching the city's
of which hadn't beer
streets ran with bl

chat, it wast

troops was even more se SATE

that dwarfed th:

Crimson. For others, it can

"yay bHE, WEEKS OF Bic
5 as s ee =

(eke invadihg'c crusade ent ree
in the region sing ay Lexander io
ca iho
Jaihites either fealdede i
ess struck themas: on

.Cainites tore victims li

ei Mostw were so far gone in
most all (Rustucci being one of th
fury has never been adequately explaine ote
ction refuse even to discuss the matter, possi
tS retufn. A few of the city's vampires have suspicions, rarély g
‘ater power at work. There are fevered speculations 4 y
ctre of one name in particular causes even Cainit

i Sint Re truth behind the Weeks ol Bivod a
in just a terrifying mystery. =

tal cari
ee ne

aN sack,

, ihe with the victorious
murderous frenzy

_——_U 2 CHAPTER ONE: HISTORY OF JERUSALEM
i com

QI SBM


hanter Two:

Z

Society and

VOhat follovoshereisabeiel guide to the social
end eeligious structures extant in derusalemmin
197. There is little or no Campiric material here,
so if youve got a good grasp on what the
Roaites' big beef with the Rabbinites voas, feel
free to skip itt and move on to the next chapter.
theme of derusalernby Viight, and unbderstand-
ing its specific expressions in the city is the best
route fo understanding vohy individuals woho
profess thosefaiths (suchas the Storyteller cha
acters in Chapter D act the way they do.

Bear voith us here. It's woorth it.


ReEwiGious Pourrics
IN JERUSALEM

At this particular moment in time, Jerusalem is a
city sacred to three religions that, despite the fact that
they each worship the same deity, are fundamentally
different in how they perceive Yahweh/ God/ Allah.
Moreover, in quite a few cases, the religions aren't only
trying to worship the same deity, they're frequently
trying to do it on the same exact pieces of real estate.
Each is utterly convinced that how they worship is
ordained by Yahweh, God or Allah, and each group is
convinced that their rights will be upheld when Yahweh/
God/ Allah calls the righteous to heaven.

The claims and counterclaims can become bewil-
dering. Yahweh granted the land to His children, butall
three religions claim to be His children. Unlike most
other religious systems, all three religions worship only
Yahweh/God/ Allah. The Jews were the first claimants,
and the Christians held the city most recently... but
the Muslims hold it now. Until the upstart crusaders
rolled in (and they've only even been in the neighbor-
hood for a hundred years), the Muslims had held the
city for almost 400 years under one of the most benevo-
lent and peaceful regimes in the city's history.
(‘Benevolent and peaceful" is subject to interpreta-
tion, of course, depending on one's station in life.) On
the other hand, even though their occupation of the
city has been amazingly sporadic, the Jews probably
have accumulated the greatest number of actual years
of residence. Whose claim is strongest? And who de-
cides whose claim to the land is the most valid?

But things are even mote complicated. Within
each of the three major religious divisions, there are
sects that not only disagree, but disagree violently. It is
not only possible, but more likely, that a Christian will
kill another Christian (in, of course, God'sname), than
kill a Jew or Muslim. Internecine bickering, after all,
could be interpreted as an act of war. Internecine
sniping... well, that's a different matter.

HisTORICKLY AND. RELIGION

At the risk of stating bvious, the reader

is reminded that ourapédetn view of religion is
considerably differengithan what was common in
tate religious aspects
turies every aspect of
iis rules. Where we

verse philosophies, mi-
— should yeast be
hot? — were once,

Jews Drviwep

Among the Jews there are—at this time and in this
place—two majorsects: the Karaites and the Rabbinites.
It should be noted that the descriptions that follow are
broad generalizations; it would be difficult to find any
two people who believe exactly the same thing regard-
less of the system of beliefs to which they claim to
belong.

KARAITES

Their name derived from the word for "scripture,"
the Karaites split from the traditional forms of Judaism
alittle over 300 years ago, in 880 CE. Anan ben David
immigrated to Jerusalem from Khursan, and found the
strict rule of the Jerusalem rabbis oppressive and nar-
tow. While the Karaites follow the Torah, al-Qumusi
and his followers reject the authority of the Talmud,
including the food restrictions and the laws regarding
purity. They devoutly follow the written text of the
Torah, but the Talmud is, in their opinion, simply oral
law accreted by humans onto the divine teachings. To
escape the wrath of the rabbis, the Karaites live out-
side of the city walls, having built their quarters on the
east slopes.

R&BBINITES

The Rabbinites follow traditional rabbinic law, in-
cluding Torah, Talmud and Mishnah. To the majority of
Jews, the Rabbinites are correct and recognizably obser-
vantin their practices, Every year during Sukkot, however,
the Rabbinite Gaon would make sure to bring the Torah
scrolls with him and, during the festivals, would ritually
excommunicate the Karaitescamped on the opposite hills.

The Karaites, as might be expected, reciprocated by
excommunicating the Rabbinites every year.

When the Muslims took Jerusalem back from the
Christians, they insisted that these reciprocal, ritual
excommunications be stopped. Under Islamic law, both
groups had equal rights and equal access to Jewish holy

ON JEERMINOLOGY
Sukkot, Hebtow-forbooths ‘ or "tabernacles
isa seven-day/ féstival intacuy 4 beginning on
Tishri 15 eagh years Tt comm¢ té3 the huts in

which the fe

"

During Sukkot, city dye
itside of Jerusalem's Alls, where
ek.

small shel

worshipersJiyed during the feftivabweek.

"Gaon™ title given | a istinguished
academic. The aon is not, onlylearned, but he
also may w ,

scholars in the Tegion

thedeadey of-tKe Talmudic
-——'®S


sites in the city. Tensions still run high, however, with
the Rabbinites claiming that the Karaites defame the
Jewish Covenant with Yahweh, and the Karaites claim-
ing that the Rabbinites place the laws between humans
and the Covenant.

CurISTIANS DrviDED

The first great schism had been building between
the Latin, or Roman Catholic, Christians and the
Eastern Orthodox Christians, culminating in mutual
excommunications in 1054. Of course, minor theologi-
cal variations had occurred previously and further
segmentation continued to occur. Again, the descrip-
tions that follow are generalizations.

Latin (ROMAN) CATHOLICS

The largest of the Christian sects, the Latin Catho-
lics claim to be the "pure" Church. They are fierce
warriors, and tolerate no dissension from the teachings
of the Church's Patriarch of Rome. When they got to
Jerusalem, they took possession of all of the Christian
shrines that had been built by other Christian sects,
including wresting possession of the Church of the
Holy Sepulcher from the Greek Orthodox.

The Latin Church isn't as unified as they'd like
others to believe, however. There are three major
subsects — the Genoese, the Venetian, and the Pisan
— who quarrel fiercely among themselves.

NESTORIANS

One of the first groups to splinter off of the main
body of Christianity became known as the Nestorians.
Nestorius taught that Joshua had two natures, human
and divine, and that Mary had been mother to the
human Jesus. In 431 CE, this was sufficient to cause the
Latin Church to condemn this group, causing them to
break away from the established Church.

The Nestorians were banished from Jerusalem along
with other small Christian groups when the crusaders
took Jerusalem. Nestorians are fairly tolerant of other
monotheistic traditions, neither do they persecute
people who profess faiths other than their own.

GREEK ORTHODOX

The Eastern Orthodox, or Greek, Church sepa-
rated from the Latin Church in 1054. Its followers

believe that the third segment of the Holy Trinity, the
Holy Spirit, emanates solely from God, not from God
and Jesus. Moreover, they use leavening when they
bake their communion bread.

Like the Nestorians, the Greek Orthodox is toler-
ant of other religious beliefs, and known for being
relatively even-handed. Salah al-Din entrusted the
Church of the Holy Sepulcher to their care after taking
Jerusalem back from the crusaders.

FAARMENIANS

The Armenian Christians came to Jerusalem in
1030. They've been slowly expanding since, and have
become a sizable community with a separate quarter in
the city. They maintain their own traditions and their
own language, and do not accept converts.

Unlike the Nestorians, the Armenians believe that
Jesus is wholly divine, with no humanity to his charac-
teristics. They celebrate festivals out of sync with other
Christian groups, including the celebration of Lent at
Jesus' birth. They reportedly have an irreconcilable
hatred of the Greeks.

SPLINTERS OF SPLINTERS

Several small Christian groups are also in Jerusa-
lem. The Syrians are similar to the Greeks in their
worship and religious traditions, but maintain a sepa-
rate culture because of language differences. It is said
that they pay tribute to other groups in order to be
left alone. The Georgians are also similar to the
Greeks, but they venerate St. George in addition to
standard Greek practices.

Mustos Drvipep

Again, the descriptions that follow are generaliza-
tions; variations occur within each subsect. The Shi'i,
in particular, are known for being extremely factionalized
within their subsect.

SuNNI

Sunni Muslims form the majority of Islam and
follow the teachings of the Qur'an, the sharia, and the
Sunna. The community itself is important to Sunnis,
and there isa strong tendency to try to reach agreement
by consensus rather than legal rulings.

Sunnis do not credit their religious leaders with any
special wisdom; rather, they believe that any pious
Muslim is qualified to be a leader. Sunnis tend to be
egalitarian and tolerant of other religious ideas.

SHITE
Shi'i Muslims differ with the Sunni on several

levels. The most divisive theological issue is over the
importance of the Sunna; Shi'i do not feel compelled


to follow all of the habits of the Prophet (peace be
upon him) who was, after all, only a human and
therefore fallible.

Shi'i, however, tend to be more rigid in their
interpretation of the Qur'an. They imbue their reli-
gious leaders with sacred wisdom, and tend to be a bit
fanatical in their devotion.

Suris

Nota truly a separate belief system of Islam, "Sufi"
is a general term for a Muslim mystic. Sufism doesn't
follow any particular tradition or denomination. Sufis
walk a fine line between worship and being accused of
pretending to be divine; one ought not to take credit for
performing miracles and healings when one does so in
the name of Allah.

KHARUITES

Never a huge force in Islam, the Kharijites are
still a factor in 1197. They believe, as do the
Jewish Karaites, that the religious structure has
put laws between humans and Allah. They mili-
tantly follow the teachings of the Qur'an, and just
as the Karaites reject the authority of the Mishnah
and Talmud, the Kharijites reject the authority of
the Sunna and sharia.

MEpIEVAL Isa:
AWN OVERVIEW

According to the revelations Muhammad te-
ceived from Allah through the archangel Gabriel,
the Jews had been, and continued to be, the children
of Abraham.

But Abraham had two sons. While the Jews
were descendants of Isaac, the Arab communities
were Ismael's descendants. Jews (and their reformer
descendants, the Christians), and Muslims were
cousins, then.

The common themes and teachings of each
group's religious texts further enhance this kinship.
The Christians built on the teachings of the Jewish
Torah. The Qur'an rejects the Christian text (Jesus,
in the Muslim view, is a mortal prophet) but still
builds on the Torah...In.fact,,the Qur''an.assumes thar
the reader knows the Torah stories, referencing and
expanding them without actually repeating them.
The similarities in the underlying teachings are so
strong that Muslims call Jews and Christian dhimmi

(which means "protected") because they are ahl al-
kitab or "People of the Book."

Islam, which means "submission (to the will of
Allah)," is based on five basic precepts, the Five Pillars

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

THE Five PItars oF Is.aM

The first pillar is a simple profession of faith, the
shahada. This consists of saying (and, of course, be-
lieving) the statement "There is no God but Allah,
and Muhammad is His Prophet." While the first part
of the statement acknowledges that Allah is Allah,
the second affirms that Muhammad is a prophet —
and only a prophet. This statement is also a subtle
differentiation between Islam and Christianity. God
is sufficient unto Himself, in the Muslim view. There
is no need for sons or trinities or mothers, as Surah
4:171 points out:

O people of the Book,

do not be fanatical in your faith,

and say nothing but the truth about God.

The Messiah who is Joshua, son of Mary,

was only an apostle of God, and a command of His

which He sent to Mary, as a mercy from Him.

So believe in God and His apostles,

and do not call Him ‘Trinity.'

Abstain from this for your own good;

for God is only one God,

and far from His glory is it

to beget a son.

All that is in the heavens and the earth

belongs to Him;

and sufficient is God for all help.

The second pillar is prayer, or salat. Five times a
day, Muslims are called to worship. There are as
many rules and exceptions to this ritual as there are
to Jewish prayer or Christian communion; the criti-
cal point (as with Jewish and Christian ritual), is
intention. The rituals that precede prayer put one
into a state that is mindful of Allah, and expresses the
worshiper's intent to worship.

The third pillar is almsgiving, or the zakat. This
isn't quite the same asa tithe. The zakat is an annual
tax on one's total accumulated wealth and assets,
usually about 2.5 percent of an individual's total
worth. This isn't generally considered to be charity,
nor is it begrudged. The sense is that one receives
wealth from the bounty of Allah, and that the wealth
is held partially in trust for the less fortunate. The
zakat is sometimes redistributed through government
offices and sometimes through religious. organiza-
tions, and its distribution is heavily slanted toward
widows and orphans.

Ramadan is the fourth pillar. It is a series of daily
fasts that last for one lunar month. Muslims who are
able to withstand the rigors of Ramadan abstain from
food, all liquids (including water), and sexual activi-
ties from sunrise to sunset during the month. Because
the Islamic calendar is lunar, Ramadan gradually moves


throughout the solar year, making Ramadans that fall
during the summer more difficult than those that fall
during the cooler seasons. As with Jewish fasts, there
are dispensations from the fast for those who are ill, for
the young and the elderly.

The fifth pillar is the hajj. Every Muslim who is
physically and financially capable is expected to go to
Mecca at least once in their lifetime. Again, there are
a series of religious rituals that are to be performed and
prayers to be said.

SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES

In spite of protestations to the contrary, there are
strong similarities between the three monotheistic re-
ligions above and beyond their worship of the same
deity. There are also some striking differences.

Jews and Muslims have strict (and similar) dietary
laws. Both are prohibited from eating pork, and both
are prohibited from consuming carrion or blood. Jews
may not combine milk and meat, Muslims may not
consume alcohol. In contrast, Christians have no di-
etary prohibitions (although there are some strong
traditions) and may eat or drink anything.

The Jewish Sabbath is Saturday, the Christians
moved their holy day to Sunday, Muslims went the
opposite direction and worship on Friday. The Chris-
tian holy book incorporates the Jewish text; the Muslim
holy text references the Jewish book.

Muhammad's dealings with Jews were both com-
plex and comprehensive. Originally, he told his
followers to face Jerusalem when they prayed. While
living in Medina, he told Muslims to observe the
Jewish Day of Atonement as a solemn fast. After
rabbis taunted him for his incomplete knowledge of
the Torah, he one-upped the rabbis by turning the
Day of Atonement into an entire month of fasting and
worship, instituting Ramadan.

REuiGIous TEXTS

The overlap and borrowing between Jews, Chris-
tians and Muslims is subtle, but pervasive. Some of
the greatest similarities can be found in the format
of their religious texts and, yet again, the Christians
stand separate from the Jews and Muslims. All three
texts, however, are the definitive, final, authorita-
tive Word of Yahweh/ God/ Allah — or so they
each claim.

The Jews have the Torah, meaning "teaching"
or "instruction." Also known as the Pentateuch, it
comprises the first five books of the Christian
"Old Testament." In addition to the Torah, how-
ever, Jews also have the Mishnah, which is the
codification of the normative Jewish law, habits,
customs and practices of everyday life. Along with

—_ CF 2 ~< CHAPTER TWO: SOCIETY HND CULTURE
o~ gum

the Mishnah is the Talmud, the discussion and
legal commentary on the Mishnah.

The Christians only have the Bible, or "book."
That's an oversimplification, of course: The truth is
that even in 1197, Christianity is so segmented and
fractured that the variations on Christian law are
almost impossible to understand. Minor disagreements
are sufficient to splinter off another faction, and often
to incur serious dispute.

The Muslims have the Qur'an, or "recitation." Of
primary help in the interpretation of the Qur'an is the
Sunna, which records the practices and habits of the
Prophet. The sharia, similar to the Jewish Mishnah, is a
description of the "way" of Islam, defining habit, cus-
toms and the practices of daily life.

Arasic NAMING CONVENTIONS

Arabs, at this time, don't use patronyms in the
European sense. Occasionally someone will be defined
by the region or town he's from ("the Moroccan" or
"the Meccan"). Occasionally, one will be given a
nickname that describes a character trait or physical
characteristic ("the Trustworthy," or "the Handsome").
It is, however, rare for a person to be identified by his
trade. How you comport yourself is more noteworthy
than how you earn a living.

Generally, however, an individual has a given
name, followed by "son of? and his father's name, or
"daughter of' and her mother's name. Abdullah ibn
Yusef, then, is Abdullah, the son of Yusef. Miram bint
Aisha is Miram, the daughter of Aisha.

However, as soon as one becomes a parent, his
name changes. At that point, he loses both his given
name (except to his closest friends) and his parental
name — the child has become the parent. If the first
child is male and named Rashid, then the name by
which the parent is most commonly known is Abu
(father of) Rashid or Om (mother of) Rashid. (Just to
complicate things, little Rashid is known as Rashid ibn
Abdullah, or Rashid, Abdullah's son).

If the first child is female, then the same rule holds
(Abu Salah or Om Salah) until a son comes along. At
that point one's name changes again (regardless of
whether an individual is male or female), and one
become known as the father or mother of your eldest
son. The gender of your children — and how many of
them you have — is Allah's will:

Tue PExcE oF ISLAM

Arab conquests politically unified big swaths of
territory. This worked for several reasons, primarily
the untranslated Qur'an. The numerous regions ruled
by the Muslim Empire had a huge variety of languages,
but also had one language in common: Arabic. The

QOS,

ease of communication this allowed playeda large part
in sustaining governance and trade. Moreover,
Muhammad maintained friendly relations with the
countries he conquered early. He kept low-level ad-
ministrators and bureaucracies in place, putting
policy-makers over the already-functioning and fa-
miliar government systems instead of replacing them
whole cloth.

Furthermore, existence was generally peaceful, once
an area was conquered. The Peace of Islam created a
huge free-trade area with safe and rapid transit across
large distances. This helped develop a middle class, and
mifficien swealdluso eiproreertiaais and echolact

Finally, Islam assumes a multi-racial, multi-cul-
tural population, and is highly tolerant of and calls for
the protection of differing religions. While the fact does
not live up to the ideal in all cases, there certainly is at
least basis for peaceful coexistence and mutual respect.

OBSERVANT
‘VAMPIRES

The biggest issue facing Jewish and Muslim vam-
pires is the prohibition against consuming blood.
(Christian Cainites, oddly enough, have no such prohi-
bitions, and may lay about themselves without guilt on
this particular issue.) Unfortunately, just because Allah
or Adonai has prohibited one from drinking blood does
not mean one can control the compulsion to do so,
leaving observant Cainites of two faiths in something
ofabind. While each individual Cainite must make her
own peace with Yahweh or Allah over his violation of
holy writ, it is worth taking a brief look at the relevant
texts and, perhaps, suggesting ways to justify and juxta-
pose "devout" and "vampire."

JEWISH LAW sys:

Leviticus 7:26: You are not to consume any of the blood,
whether of bird or of beast, wherever you may live. (27)
Anyone consuming any of the blood is cut off from his
father's kin.

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Certain Cainites claim that this particular passage does
notapply to them, since, technically, they areno longer
"alive." Being cut off from one's mortal father's kin is of
little moment if one is a vampire, but there is always the
concern that among Cainites, the "father" referred to
may be Caine.

Leviticus 17:13: Any Israelite or alien settled in Israel
who hunts beasts or birds that may lawfully be eaten must
drain out the blood and cover it with earth (14) because
the life of every living creature is its blood, and I have
forbidden the Israelites to consume the blood of any
creature, because the life of every creature is its blood:
whoever eats it is to be cut off.

Justifications for feeding that arise from interpreta-
tions of this passage rely on rather slender logic. In
theory, this prohibition does not apply, since humans
technically aren't lawful to eat anyhow. A case can
therefore be made that humans aren't "creatures," and
so are exempt from prohibitions against consuming
the blood of such.

Deuteronomy 12:23: But you must strictly refrain from
partaking of the blood, because the blood is the life; you may
not eat the life with the flesh. (24) You must not consume
its you must poueritouton the ground Be water. (25) Ifyou
abstain from it, all will be well with you and your children
after you; for you will be doing what is right in the eyes of
the Lord.

This prohibition says that blood and flesh are not to be
consumed together. Since the vampire does not con-
sume flesh, the prohibition can be seen as inapplicable
to the Cainite condition. Moreover, unlike other pas-
sages of this ilk, the verses don't outline an explicit
punishment for failure to comply. (Textual literalists
note that one is certainly implied, but in these matters,
the distinction is all-important.)

MusiiM LAw says:

Surah 2:173: Forbidden to you are carrion and blood, and
the flesh of the swine, and that which has been consecrated
(or killed) in the name of any other than Allah.

This Surah clearly prohibits devouring forbidden food-
stuffs that have been consecrated in any name other
than Allah's. However, nothing is said about carrion,
blood and whatnot that has been consecrated or killed
in the name of Allah.

Surah 5:3: Forbidden you is carrion and blood, and the
flesh of the swine, and whatsoever has been killed in the name
of some other than Allah, and whatever has been strangled,
or killed by a blow or a fall, or by going, or that which has
been mauled by wild beasts unless slaughtered while still
alive; and that which has been slaughtered at altars is
forbidden, and also dividing the meat by casting lots with
arrows. All this is sinful.


There's no easy way around this passage, unfortunately.
It does help to know, however, that Allah is both
merciful and forgiving.

Surah 6:145: You tell them: "In all the commands revealed
to me I find nothing which men have been forbidden to eat
except carrion and running blood and flesh of the swine for it
is unclean, or meat consecrated in the name of some other
than Allah, which is profane. But if one is constrained to eat
of these without craving or reverting to it, then surely your
Lord is forgiving and kind."

Similarly, Surah 16:115: He has forbidden carrion and
blood and the flesh of the swine, and that has been killed in

the name of any other but Allah; but if one is driven by
necessity to eat it without craving or reverting to it, then
Allah is forgiving and kind.

As in other areas of Muslim life, Allah allows for human
foibles, and He will forgive. Ifa vampire asks forgiveness
sincerely every time she feeds, perhaps she could also
intend not to crave blood again. It isalso possible to make
acase that the first surah is written explicitly to men and
so doesn't include women, since portions of the Qur'an
are explicitly directed to women. The absence of a
specific instruction in this case does leave the door open
for female Cainites to sidestep the ban, as it were.

U7 2—< CHAPTER TWO: SOCIETY AND CULTURE
a

Kars



Sh Mpsapter Three:
er Seogeaphy

xe
S

decusalern rests roughly 35 miles from the
WMeditecranean Sea, along a path through the
Budean Mills, and thus along a major trade
coute. Jerusalem itself is located between the
Mount of Ofives and Wiount Bion, vohich are
each a fevo hundced feet higher than the land
voheve Spe city sits. the eeoation of the city is
2440 feet above sea level, in terrain that the
Ridron River coughened over the course of
centuries. The average rainfall in the city is
around 20 inches, and the temperature ranges
fromm 48 degrees Sahvenheit in the winter to
around 75 degrees in the summer,

Gerusalemis anancient city, andits survival
has come at aheaoy price Chrough the years the
city has been destroyed and rebuilt on several
occasions. There ave layers of history in the city,
and there avelevels of derusafern that avelost to
mankind. Wiosque has been built 11 Cerniple
upon Temple, building upon tumdivig Cheeeis no
one Jerusalem, but rather a series of them, lay-
ered over and intertvoining with one another.
Douses raised by crusaders stand nect to cuins
that hace squatted in silence since Komen
firnes.


Adding to the chaos, at least for Cainites, is the fact
that the city is liberally spattered with sites holy to
Muslim, Christian and Jew. Each of these places — and
there are many — radiates a palpable expression of True
Faith that is painful (sometimes fatal) to vampires.
Those of Caine's childer who are not driven by religious
need give such places a wide berth. This, combined with
the results of centuries of invasion and sack, makes
Jerusalem often difficult to navigate for Cainites used to
having free rein to wander wherever they wish. On the
other hand, the heritage of destruction and rebuilding
has created any number of catacombs and tunnels, most
notably beneath the Temple Mount, wherein vampires
can dwell, sleep and search for the legacy of the ancients.

THE Lay OF THE LAND

In 1197, Jerusalem rests well within the borders of the
sultanate founded by Salah al-Din. The lands east of the
Jordan River, formerly controlled by the Atabegs of Mosul,
fell during Salah al-Din's campaign of 1174, and the crusad-
ers' Kingdom of Jerusalem collapsed between 1187 and
1189. Salah al-din's successor lacks his genius but can at
least maintain (for the time being) his conquests. A consis-
tent law holds sway over almost all of the contested Holy
Land. The second "Kingdom of Jerusalem" doesn't actually
include Jerusalem: It consists only of the cities of the coast

that Richard I managed to conquer in the Third Crusade.

THE Coast

The route from Jerusalem to the coast runs through
Lydda to Jaffa. It's 50 miles, angling a bit north of due
west from Jerusalem. From there, the coastal road heads
north through Caesarea, Tyre and Sidon to what had
been the northern border of the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
Itenters the former Kingdom of Tripoli, passing through
Tripoli to the Hospitaller stronghold at Marqab
(Margate, as the Hospitallers call it).

The coast road also leads south. Gaza marks where the
old border of Fatimid territory lay, before Salah al-Din's
conquests. The road continues to Farama and Damietta at
the eastern edge of the Nile River delta, then turns south
along the banks of the Nile to Cairo. It's 40 miles from Jaffa
to Gaza; it's also about 40 miles from Lydda, where a side
road curves southwest away from the main road to Jaffa, to
Gaza. Then the traveler faces 150 miles of desert cost
before getting toFarama, and another 50 toreach Damietta.

THE JORDAN

Another major road heads north from Jerusalem
through the valley of the Jordan River. The small con-
temporary settlement of Jericho, built on the ruins of the
famous Biblical site, lies just a few miles north of Jerusa-
lem, at the northern end of the Dead Sea and at the foot
of the steep hills leading up to Jerusalem. Farmland and

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

villages occupy the 50-odd miles from Jericho to Tiberias.
Before Salah al-Din, Tiberias stood at the northeastern
edge of the Kingdom of the Jerusalem, and even though
the lands on both sides of the river now belong to the
same sultan, Tiberias remains a well-fortified site. It
oversees fishing and other traffic on the Sea of Galilee.

Aside road leads to Nazareth. Only devout pilgrims
make the trip over barren hills, however; apart from its
fameas Jesus' hometown, nothing distinguishes Nazareth
from any other hard-pressed minor village of the region.
The trip from Tiberias covers less than 20 miles as the
crow flies, but meanders for 50 miles to find decent
terrain and adequate pavement.

The northern road curves to the northeast, into the
rugged interior along the edges of the Fertile Crescent,
to Damascus and Baalbek. It's 75 miles in a straight line
from Tiberias to Damascus, but the road curves and
meanders enough so that the actual distance traveled is
just under 100 miles. 40 miles separate Damascus from
Baalbek. The road north out of Baalbek curves to the
northwest, and returns to the Mediterranean coast at
Arga, a little north of Tripoli, after another 45 miles.

From the coast, travelers can proceed by ship to
Cyprus and Byzantium, and overland to Asia Minor.

Tue Rep SEA

A trade route leads south from Jerusalem, through
canyons and badlands, to the gulf of the Red Sea
between the Sinai and Arabian Peninsulas. The town
of Bethlehem is only three miles south of Jerusalem, and
shares the same physical conditions. The road gets
rougher as it comes around the Dead Sea, through al-
Karak and al-Showbak in the interior to Ayla on the
coast. If it weren't for Ayla's position as a prominent
port, few travelers would bother with 130 miles of
inhospitable rocky wilderness, punctuated only by oc-
casional springs and oases. As it is, bandit gangs flourish
on the rich pickings from the merchants who use the
route with insufficient attention to personal security.

Anevenrougher road heads west from Ayla through
the interior of the Sinai Peninsula to Qulzum, 140 miles
away. That trip requires extensive preparations and
stores, as Sinai offers almost nothing to support the
hungry or thirsty traveler.

EAstT

Beyond the Jordan Valley and a few tributaries,
there's nothing but desert for hundreds of miles. No-
body goes due east to the Tigris and Euphrates; they
follow the Fertile Crescent north around the Syrian
Desert to the upper reaches of the two rivers' valleys.
Even supernatural creatures fare badly in the wastes,
where winds gust at over 100 miles an hour and tem-
peratures can change up to 50 degrees in minutes.


Christian 1
Quarter

Armenian

uarter

Tue CLIMATE
The coast and the Jordan River Valley support
farming well. They get adequate rain and offer rich,
productive soil. Between them the land is mostly steep
slopes and barren, little valleys, which support sheep-
herders (not very well) and little else. South of the
Dead Sea, it's desert all the way down to the Red Sea.
In the north the land becomes increasingly well-
watered and fertile, even in the interior. The famous
cedars of Lebanon are only the most visible members of
avery diverse ecology. Otters flourish in the streams that
cascade through forested mountains, preying on fish,
frogsand other animals. (In later centuries, over-farming
and neglect will turn much of this fertile land to desert,
and it will be reclaimed only in the 20th century.)
Strangers to the Holy Land almost always com-
ment on the abrupt changes of climate. Around a
corner, over a hill, and suddenly the whole landscape
seems different. The sharp slopes create very effective
rain barriers, blocking interior valleys from most of the
storm clouds coming off the Mediterranean. Only the
highest and strongest make it over the initial hills, so
that when rain comes at all to the interior, it comes as
pounding downpours followed by flash flooding.
Summer and winter are both severe everywhere,
though tempered at the coast and along the Jordan.

cod

Winter piles up deep snowfalls everywhere there's enough
precipitation (and chill winds make the dryer regions just
as miserable). In summer, the daytime temperature in the
low interior valleys can rise to more than 110 degrees
Fahrenheit only to fall nearly to freezing at night. The
major cities don't get quite so extreme — population
gathers in those spots precisely because the climate isn't
so harsh — but it's still often uncomfortably hot during
most of the day, allsummer. Hot interior winds carry sand
and dust that makes it even worse. Spring and autumn
each flash by in a few weeks, or even less.

SOUTH OF JERUSHLEM~THE Crry oF Davin
With the exception of the Temple Mount, most of
Jerusalem's original site is hidden beneath the debris of
years of violence and destruction. The original City of
David actually rests to the south of Jerusalem proper,
almost directly south of the Dung Gate. The City of
David once rested atop Mount Ophel close to the Gihon
Spring, the only source of fresh water in the area. As the
city grew larger and then smaller, time and again, the
original site became a dumping ground for ruined mate-
tials from previous construction and was eventually
abandoned as the city itself had moved over the centu-
ties. Some believe that the true Tomb of King David is
actually buried beneath the sands, hidden under tons of
dirt and debris. Whatever the case may be, Cainites tend

CHAPTER THREE: GEOGRAPHY


to avoid the area. There is something that leaves many
of them unsettled whenever they pass too close to what
was once the heart of the City of David.

‘VALLEY OF KIDRON

Between the Mount of Olives and the walls of
Jerusalem proper is the Valley of Kidron, also called
the Valley of Jehoshaphat. It is here that Judgment
Day is supposed to commence, at least according to
the Book of Joel and the Muslim faith. Just beneath
the wall in this area lies the Tombs of Absalom —
toward which Jews still occasionally throw stones —
and Zechariah. The Tomb of Absalom has become a
powerful Haunt for wraiths over the centuries, and is
one of the few structures in Jerusalem to survive the
numerous destructions of the city. Somewhere near
these tombs is the reported final resting place of
Jehoshaphat, though searchers after the site have
had no luck through the centuries.

Further down in the valley, the Gihon Spring spills
its waters into Hezekiah's Aqueduct, which carries the
life-giving fluid to Jerusalem and provides the water for
the entire city in times of siege. Water from this spring
anointed Solomon the King, and was used by Mary to
wash the clothes of Jesus. Waters taken from the spring
and carried by a righteous man in a clean container
have a True Faith rating of 2.

oon
uarter |
Gerusa €
Davir's
Toner

Herod's

Farly Tom (Mount Tonk of Davie

Zion ac of Ye Marigre ral of Ziloown

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

4
m

Armenian
Quarter

Muslin

TRUE FAITH
AND THE Hoty PLAcEs

Jerusalem is gifted with many places that are holy to
mortals, ranging from the Western Wall and the Dome
of the Rock on Temple Mount to the Via Dolorosa and
other, less famous locales in and near the city. These
places have their own True Faith ratings, though they
do not necessarily affect Cainites as a mortal who
radiates Faith does.

Each location listed, when appropriate, has a True
Faith rating. In these places, players must roll Will-
poweras required before their characters can enter. The
difficulty of the Willpower roll is equal to the True Faith
rating of that particular shrine of God. Success means
the character can get into the location, but he will not
be comfortable and will likely feel ill —a rare sensation
for the Cainite — until he leaves. Failure means the
character cannot gain access to the area without being
in extreme physical pain. Should the character opt to
stay in the area anyway, the cost is one Health Level per
scene. A botch when attempting to enter a holy site
results in the loss of one Health Level per turn the
character attempts to stay. Additionally, the character
must spend one Willpower per turn to remain in the
area as the pain builds to greater and greater heights.

Misent Beas

aa
Mualion

Cova
wl Tork.
Me Virgin Mary

Se. Drepher's

Akins
Sasapans, Cer

uarter

—_

Mert of Olive
Comateny sles —

Meson

ives


Should the character opt to stay for more than three
turnsafter botching, asecond Willpower roll is required
againsta difficulty of 7. Failure means the character falls
victim to frenzy. A botch means the character actually
catches fire, suffering three Health Levels of damage per
turn. Such a character should also make a Courage roll
(difficulty 8) to avoid Rétschreck. All damage caused
by the True Faith within such locales is considered
aggravated, and may not be soaked.

It is important to remember that not all of these
locations are actually buildings. Many of them are in
the open, and an unwary vampire can suddenly find
herself walking into a situation that is uncomfortable at

The Zion Gaté
The Jaffa Gate
Coenaculum
David's Tomb
The Tower of

Via Dolorosa

(The Way of Sort
Church of the Hol
The Pool of Hezeki:
The Muristan Baz:

these sites radiates in
odd directions; the ¢a ibs beneath the Church
of the Holy Sepulche xample, are painful for
Cainites to enduregiwhile the tunnels beneath the
Temple Mount arealmost discomfort free. Some
Cainites theorize that this is due to the nature of
the Faith each site erigenders; the Temple Mount
encourages worshipers to look to the heavens,
while the Church of the Holy Sepulcher was built

on the site of a most $ignificant cave.
fe


best, lethal at worst. A few of the local vampires have
made ita point to not only know the location of all the
holy sites in the city, but have also worked out elaborate
escape routes using them to confound and trap foes who
might pursue them. A working knowledge of the city
has saved more than a few resident Cainites from
pursuers who were stronger, faster, more powerful —
and more ignorant of the true nature of Jerusalem.
Note: The manifestations of the damage done to
Cainites by the holy places of the city are in keeping with
their status and legendry. Common forms of suffering
experienced by Cainites at these places include stigmata,
leprosy, boils, blindness and the withering of limbs.

Tue Lay oF THE LAND

The finest homes in Jerusalem are found near the
eastern half of the city, until they meet up with the
Temple Mount. From that point on the dwellings of the
wealthy and powerful veernorth until they reach Herod's
Gate. The houses closest to the gate reach sizes that make
them seem like palaces when compared with the hovels
found to the southwest. Towards the northeastern quar-
ter of the city there are often walls around individual
homes, and many residences are guarded by personal
servants and well-paid mercenaries. While the daylight
hours are seldom a problem for passersby, the nights can
be downright dangerous for the wrong sort of people.
There are a few landowners who believe the best way to
keep the criminal element away is to have their guards
kill or maim any potential threats to their domiciles.

In stark contrast to this elegance and wealth, the
western side of the city demonstrates stark poverty.
There are many buildings that remain empty of all but
the most desperate souls, dwellings that have not been
repaired or rebuilt from the last round of devastation
and conquest and homes emptied by the plague. Such
neighborhoods are not safe for travelers, at least not
living ones, though Cainites visiting the city are en-
couraged to hunt there.

POoLtricAL STRUCTURES WITHIN JERUSALEM

Segregation of neighborhoods by religion isa fact of
life (and unlife) as well. Even in the worst parts of
Jerusalem the unseen boundaries exist, and just as with
the unwritten rules of wealth, there are certain ele-
ments of danger when walking through the wrong parts
of the city. Though the division between wealthy and
poor is fairly obvious, the territories of the devout are
not as clearly marked. Only a person who has dwelt in
Jerusalem for an extended period is likely to know
which parts of the area near the Damascus Gate are safe
for Muslims, or which neighborhoods near the Dung
Gate are dangerous for the Christians. Those who don't
know the city well travel at their own risk, especially
after the sun has set.

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Politically speaking, the city breaks into three separate
areas: The Jewish Sector, which runs along the southern
section of the city; the Christian Sector, which runs
throughout the northwestem part of the city and along the
western wall, and the Muslim Sector, which covers the
eastern portion of Jerusalem. These lines of demarcation
are not drawn on maps, but they are very real nonetheless.
Blurring of the boundaries is minimal; only areas held as
sacred by one faction or another have something of
neutrality to them. Such locations are left untouched
except in rare situations where tempers get too hot.

THE WALL

The wall surrounding Jerusalem is relatively new,
and strong enough to resist all but the most determined
of assaults. Surrounding the entire city, the wall towers
40 feet above the ground, and is wide enough to hold
several people walking side by side. In addition to
protecting Jerusalem from hostile assaults, the wall also
gives an excellent view of both what is happening
within the city and what is occurring along all the roads
leading into the city. Officially, only the city guards are
permitted on the wall at night. Unofficially, many of
the vampires have gained access, and most still traverse
it with great regularity. The violent history of Jerusalem
has convinced most of the Cainites that knowing who
or what is approaching from any given direction can
mean the difference between unlife and Final Death.

Tue GATES

As does any walled city, Jerusalem possesses gates in
the barrier separating it from the world beyond. To the
north is the Damascus Gate, the largest and perhaps the
most significant of the entrances. To the east of Dam-
ascus is Herod's Gate. On the eastern wall, the Lion's
Gate is the main point of entrance, and remains well
defended but far more open than the Golden Gate to the
south, which is both the closest of the gates to the Temple
Mountand the most heavily fortified. Both of these gates
open ona sprawling cemetery where those of the Muslim
faith have buried their dead for several decades. Failure to
show the proper respect while traveling through this area
can be extremely hazardous to ones health. On the
southern wall there are two more gates: the Dung Gate to
the east and the Zion Gate to the west. These gates are
more accessible than most, as both lead into the ruins of
old Jerusalem and there is little that most humans feel
they have to fear in that direction. Caine's childer know
better, of course, but encourage the lax attitude among
mortals for obvious reasons. Two more gates are present
on the western wall: the Jaffa Gate, one of the larger and
more important entrances to the city, and the New Gate,
which isarecentaddition to the wall. Very few peopleare
permitted through the New Gate, though the official
reasons for this remain a mystery.


All of the gates are easily closed off and well
defended. Anyone wishing to enter the city after sunset
must convince the guards to let them enter, and most
of the guards require a substantial bribe from anyone
who doesn't look important enough to be worth the
effort. Once the gates close for dusk, it is almost impos-
sible to get back inside the city under any circumstances,
and even bribery is no sure thing. There's nothing to
prevent a guard from taking a bribe to open the gate and
failing to carry out his part of the bargain; corpses
outside the city walls tell no tales.

THe Damascus GATE

Just to the north of the Church of the Holy Sepul-
cher is the Damascus Gate, the largest of the gates
leading into Jerusalem and one of the main trade routes
to the city. Unsurprisingly, the gate is heavily fortified
and easily defended.

Once past the gate, the road is surrounded by
numerous buildings, many of them little more than
shells, leaving a dangerous and confusing alley of dark-
ness once the sun sets. Those who travel the road until
it branches — becoming the Street of the Damascus
Gate to the west and the Street of the Valley to the east
— find themselves in the largest bazaar in Jerusalem.

The Damascus Bazaar deals in everything from
imported wares to livestock, and is the financial heart
of the city. Whatever may be purchased legally can be
found in the bazaar, and the city's guards are known to
frequent the area throughout the day, keeping the
peace and making certain that any crimes committed
are of the most trivial nature. Petty theft might be
forgiven, but harsher offenses are normally punished
very quickly. Visitors to the bazaar are generally safe
from everything but pickpocketing and their own
greed, albeit only while the bazaar itself is still open.

Mortals in the area may have complete control
during the daylight hours, but things change at night.
Most of the guards have learned to turn a blind eye to
almost anything after the sun has set, provided they are
paid off regularly by the perpetrators. Failure to pay
often means being noticed while "committingacrime."
Ofall the city's Cainites, it is Hannah who tends most
often to make her presence known to unwary travelers
who wander too far from the bazaar, especially if they
creep too close to the derelict buildings near the Dam-
ascus Gate proper where she makes her home.

Heron's GATE

Herod's Gate is one of the oldest gates in the wall,
and is normally very well defended, as the families living
in the area are among the wealthiest and most powerful
in the city. Though no one has seen any evidence to
prove the rumors one way or another, there are many


who believe the gate has a special defense. It's thought by
some that anyone attempting to do harm to the city that
tries to enter by Herod's Gate will die within one night
of passing through the entrance to the city.

Tue Lion's GATE

The Lion's Gate is considered lucky place to enter
the city by the devout of almost every faith, but most
especially by the Christians. Nestled between the
Temple Mount and the Pool of Bethesda, where Jesus
is believed to have healed a paralytic, the area is so well
thought of that the crusaders have recently erected the
Church of Saint Hannah, the mother of the Virgin
Mary. The Church of Saint Hannah is an acoustic
masterpiece, and the sounds of Gregorian chants com-
ing from the building are powerful enough to carry for
several hundred yards beyond the actual confines of the
building. The church is still new, but the faith of the
local Christian population is strong.

The Lion's Gate Road leads directly to the Via
Dolorosa, the Way of Sorrows, where Jesus Christ took
his last journey among the mortals.

THE GOLDEN GATE

The Golden Gate leads directly to the Temple
Mount and the Dome of the Rock, two of the holiest
sites in the city of Jerusalem. A Muslim cemetery and

several smaller churches of the Christian faith dot the
road leading to the entrance to the city, but there are
few conflicts in the area despite the constant presence
of opposing faiths. Most who enter here do so seeking
entrance to the Dome of the Rock or the Temple
Mount, not trade or trouble. Commerce through the
gate is permitted, but heavily frowned upon. Merchants
who wish a peaceful time in Jerusalem know better than
to try their luck here. Those who remain ignorant of the
social error learn quickly enough once word spreads of
their foolishness. While the slight of traveling through
the Golden Gate is not a crime perse, it is regarded that
way by many of Jerusalem's devout. Passing through on
business once will only hurt a merchant's profits for the
journey; more devout customers will shun him, and
rivals will gladly seize on his foolishness as a way to
snatch customers away. Doing so more than once can
lead to far harsher punishments at the hands of the
devout.

THE Dune GATE

The Dung Gate leads to the hidden remains of
Silwan, the City of David and the Gihon Springs. Most
vampires prefer to avoid this area, though few could say
exactly why. Most simply claim that the area holds no
interest to them, though a few are known to gaze fearfully
into the darkness beyond the gate when saying so.

tat


In truth, the Dung Gate earned its name for being the
route by which nightsoil and other trash was removed
from the city. It is inauspicious as an entry route and
humiliating as a means of departure. Unsurprisingly, it is
also a favorite haunt of the local Nosferatu, who use it as
away station when meeting traveling clanmates. Much of
the site's bad reputation among Cainites comes from the
displeasure Nosferatu have expressed on eavesdroppers.

Tue Zion GATE

The Zion Gate is in the southwest quarter of the
city's wall and leads directly to Mount Zion, another site
considered sacred by both Jews and Christians. The
Tomb of King David is believed to rest there, and many
people come topay their respects to the supposed founder
of Jerusalem and one of the greatest leaders of the Jewish
people. Not far away is the Coenaculum, the site where
Jesusand his disciples gathered together the Last Supper.
Though the reasons for these places being celebrated are
very different, both have a Faith rating of 5.

A substantial Christian cemetery is growing out-
side the Zion Gate, and there are often disputes between
the Christians who bury their dead here and those less
tolerant of their beliefs. In the constantly changing
political arena, the Christian cemetery is yet another
point of contention that simply will not be ignored.
Several cases of vandalism have occurred, and supersti-
tious locals whisper that the ghosts of those whose
tombs have been disturbed are angry. In three separate
cases, those believed responsible for the destruction of
cemetery markers have been found dead and in ad-
vanced states of decay, only hours or even minutes after
being seen alive and in good health. Cainites suspect
Cappadocian involvement, even though Abraham him-
self is rarely seen away from his beloved library.

A large marketplace opens up almost immediately
after one enters the Zion Gate. This market is not as
heavily guarded as others are, and many of the unwary
that venture here return without their wealth — if they
return at all. The market by the Zion Gate is also the
unofficial center of the city's traffic in human beings, and
often ghouls can be seen here appraising possibilities for
their masters. The slave trade is of course illicit, but then
again, so is much of the other traffic here as well.

THE JAFFA GATE

The Jaffa Gate is situated in the center of Jerusalem's
western wall. There is a long and bloody history associ-
ated with the wall, going back at least to 70 CE, when
the Tenth Legion came into the city and destroyed
everything they could get their hands on. For 67 years
the legion remained posted near the Jaffa Gate and
killed any Jews who attempted to gain entry to the city.
Local superstition holds that the site is haunted as a

result, with the ghosts of the slaughtered waiting for the
chance to avenge themselves on their long-dead killers.
That is just speculation; what is known fora fact is that
the city's Cappadocians never, ever walk through the
Jaffa Gate, and Elsh avoids it as well.

Tue Tower or Davin

Depending on whom one asks, the Tower of David
(also called the Citadel) was either built by David to
oversee and protect the city, or built much later and
named in his honor for the same purpose.

In any event, the Tower of David is one of the few
structures in the city that has survived in one form or
another over the centuries. The Citadel has been dam-
aged and rebuilt on numerous occasions, losing a little
of its height as time has gone on, but none of its
grandeur. In King Herod's time there were three mas-
sive towers near the Jaffa Gate, but the various wars and
sieges have seen them fall into disrepair. When the
Romans took control of the city they ordered that
everything there be leveled except the remaining foun-
dations of the towers, which were left to remind any
who came through the area that a city of formidable
strength had fallen before them.

It's safe to say the tower has its significance in the
history of the city, not the least of which is as a place of
defense. During many of the attacks on Jerusalem, the
tower was used to hold supplies and as a last ditch effort
to keep the citizens of the city safe from invaders.

The tower has known blood and grief for centuries,
and many believe it remembers every injustice. The
Cappadocian named Marcus dwells in the substructures
of the Towers of Herod, long lost from mortal sight but
accessible to a few knowledgeable Cainites. Though he
has never seen anything, Marcus has heard sounds com-
ing from even further below the Tower of David, and on
several occasions he's received visions of a figure trapped
in the darkness, clawing slowly but patiently at a heavy
stone barrier. He believes the sounds are coming from
something that is not quite dead and not exactly alive,
but beyond that the voices of the Restless Dead prevent
his learning any more. Marcus has not mentioned these
nightmarish images that haunt his daily rests, even to
Paliuro, but there is a growing unease about the
Cappadocian in the limited circles he moves in.

RPINININGS.
— tuinsof what

fortified by Her
Anthony. Titus
the city.


Temece Mount
HARM Es SHARIF)
AND THE DOME OF THE Rock

The Temple Mount has been a place of power, in
one form or another, since 1004 BCE. Even now it
remains one of the holiest places in Jerusalem. The
Temple Mount was the site of King David's palace
and once held the Ark of the Covenant. Later,
Solomon built his great Temple on the site, along
with a larger palace.

Tue DoME OF THE Rock

Also known as the Furthest Mosque, the Dome of
the Rock itself is one of only three mosques to which
Muslims may make pilgrimage (along with the Sacred
Mosque in Mecca and the Prophet's Mosque in
Medina). It sits on the northeast side of the Temple
Mount, north of the al-Aqsa Mosque. The dome itself
rises over 105 feet and stretches 60 feet wide over the
Noble Rock, the stone from which the Prophet as-
cended to Heaven. Built up around the Noble Rock
(which was not disturbed in the construction), the
mosque was initiated by the Umayyad Caliph Albdul
Malik ibn Marwan in 685 CE to commemorate the
Prophet's Night Journey.

A-Agsa Mosque

Rebuilt in 1033 by Caliph al-Dhahir, the al-
Aqsa Mosque has been a center of learning for
centuries. It is said that the reconstruction hewed
faithful to the earlier incarnations of the building,
except that it was made narrower. In truth, the entire
area is considered part of al-Aqsa, and the courtyard
regularly fills with the devout when the Noble Sanc-
tuary itself overflows.

Tue Wanine Wa

For our destroyed Temple — Here we come and weep.

For our fallen glory — Here we come and weep.

For our exterminated people — Here we come
and weep.

The Wailing Wall is the single remaining piece of
the Temple, and as such is of profound importance to

Surely yoyfare among those sent on a straight path.

A revelat
That you shew
were never dc "So they:

Quran, ‘urah 3631-6

6f the Mighty the

le whose fathers

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

those who follow the Jewish faith. The wall stands
66.5 feet in height and just over 90 feet in length, and
is a part of the Western Wall of the Temple Mount.
The closest buildings are only a dozen feet away,
leaving remarkably little room for gatherings of wor-
shipers who often make pilgrimages to the last
remaining section of the Temple. Ironically enough,
the Wailing Wall was not a part of the Temple proper;
instead, it served as a portion of the retaining wall that
supported and enclosed Herod's structural changes to
the Temple Mount.

The crevices between the massive stones that form
the wall are filled with paper scraps upon which prayers
have been written, and the ground before the wall has
been worn smooth by centuries of pilgrims coming to
pray at the site. There are very specific rules for praying
at the Wailing Wall, which include the segregation of
men and women — women must always move to the
extreme right of the wall, following the Jewish belief
that women should not pray where men pray — the
wearing of appropriate attire and so on.

Behind the Wailing Wall, within the ground
beneath the Temple Mount is a dark labyrinthine
sprawl of chambers, pitfalls and passages, most of
which are unknown to the people of Jerusalem. Some
Cainites believe that something very powerful is
hidden within the darkness, though most simply take
advantage of the superb possibilities for havening
that the site offer. Mortals still enter the area from
time to time, rebuilding the supports that hold the
Temple Mount aloft.

Via DotorosA
HE Way OF SORROWS) AND THE
HURCH OF THE Hoy SEPULCHER

The Way of Sorrows follows what is believed to be
the route that Jesus Christ took through Jerusalem on
his way from the praetorium to the place of his crucifix-
ion in Calvary. Part of Constantine's mother Helena's
trip to the region was a pilgrimage to Jerusalem. There
she carefully studied the locations where tradition,
various writings and visions told her Jesus had walked
during his last days. Since that time the Way of Sorrows
has become a well-traveled series of locations where
many pilgrims come to contemplate the sacrifice the
Son of God made for them. .

The Way of Sorrows is also famous in Jerusalem as
the main stretch of road for vendors of every imaginable
product. From the mundane to the allegedly arcane,
there is little a person cannot purchase if they know
whom to speak with. Most of the stock sold in the
"Night Market" is either illegal or stolen. The largest
difference is that the vendors in this area do not needa
bazaar to hock their wares. They are the shady figures in


The stations are as follows:

Station One: Jesus is condemned}
cuts his flesh and makes him bleed(h
Station Two: Jesus receives the Gro
Station Three: Jesus stumbles
Station Four: Jesus meets aga
Station Fiv

Station Six: Veronica wipes Jesus'
Station Seven: Jesus falls a seca
Station Eight: Jesus consoles
Station Nine: Jesus falls to th
Station Ten: Jesus is stripp

Station Eleven: Jesus is nail
Station Twelve: Jesus dies o
Station Thirteen: Jesus is take
Station Fourteen: Jesus is laid iff
These stations are considered sac

their connection with the Son of*God.
the Holy Sepulcher.

ented to his grieving mother.
d later resurrected,

pong the holiest of sites because of
ions are all located within the Church of

the darkened corners, and the loiterers whom only the
locals can tell from the faithful who pay homage at the
stations of Jesus' last walk through the city. Boniface is
often found in this area, and his intense dislike of those
who would sell forged relics of the saints and other
frauds is very well known. Those who would stay on his
good side do their best to avoid being seen speaking to
the "wrong" vendors in the area.

The Church of the Holy Sepulcher has been built
and destroyed several times. Its latest incarnation is by
far the largest and most elaborate structure of them all,
and comes close to rivaling the Temple Mount in both
its scope and its grandeur.

Tue Poon oF HEZEKIAH

This low pool of pure, sweet water is believed to
come from the water tunnel built by Hezekiah. Though
few believe the claims, there are a number of people
who state emphatically that the waters have healing
properties. Whatever the case may be, the waters are
fresh and the pool is often used as a meeting place and
a landmark.

THe Maristan Bazaar

Just east of the Pool of Hezekiah is the Muristan
Bazaar, one of the better areas for traders to make a
profit and purchasers to avoid being swindled... too
badly. The open air and easy access of the bazaar
make the area feel less claustrophobic than many
other parts of the city, and also make the jobs of the
local muggers a bit more difficult. Far away from the
city walls, the bazaar is less well defended by the
guards, but just as safe as most of the more reputable
marketplaces in Jerusalem. There are many things
available for purchase or trade in the bazaar, and
most of them are legitimate; the traders cater will-
ingly to all faiths and nationalities.

The atmosphere of friendliness vanishes with the
vendors, however, and they all fade away before sun-
set. On several occasions the bodies of badly mutilated
animals have been dumped in this vicinity. Once the
body of a woman was left in the same way. None of the
city's Cainites know what happened, but a few have
their suspicions, particularly regarding the mysterious
figure of Mandalay.



x

v
(XS

¢ Chinites
i erusalem

Theceave too manny Cainitesinderusalem Vor
mally the hilder of Caine dvw0ell incdativesolitude
too in one place leads fo mortal suspicions
and conflict over limited resources. So, like any
° predators, Cainites establish territories with
sufficient roorn for therm to hunt comf ortably dt
is not a perfect system, but in most cases it

And then thereis decusalernm Too many Cainites
seek to possess if. Too many pilgrims voho can
vanish and never be missed enter the gates. Coo
many merchant carccans canafford toloseafevo
guards here and there. There ave too holy
sites, ecligious icons, places of power — afl a hs os
dseavo the hilder of Caine like a corpse Oraves [lies.
So vohile the mortal city settles into an uneasy
peace, the immortal one seethes with barely-re-
strained conflict, VOhile the constant inftue of
pilgrirns, mercenaries, merchants and cagabonds
means that there is alrnost enough for ie
to feed upon in relative safely, no one is copa:
able with things as they stand. Vio ont feels safe.

The streets of the Goly Gty have run ced with
Hood before. they may yet do so again


FisSAMITES

If vampirism is proof that Allah can curse humans,
then it is in the holy places — the places that Allah has
blessed — that Assamites can hope to regain Allah's
favor. Now that control of Jerusalem has been won back
from the crusading Europeans, the Assamites are not
about to relinquish the chance to extract vengeance.

After the atrocities of the First Crusade's capture of
Jerusalem in 1099 and the True Deaths of several mem-
bers of the clan, the Assamites have gathered their spies
and recruited locals, honing the focused edge of their
hatred. One powerful Assamite of Berber and Iberian
blood, a childe of Tariq who was recently involved in
Fatimid Cairo intrigue, is actively infiltrating the cru-
sader organizations of Jerusalem. Al-Ain, the "Eyes of
Alamut," is quite new to the city, but he is learning the
secrets of all sides quickly. He is joined by the female
assassin Habiba and a young, Muslim road killer named
Rashid, who was torn from his homeland by the crusad-
ers and is now thirsty for revenge.

GABRIEL CHAVEZ / AL-AIN,
THE EYES OF ALAMUT

Background: Gabriel Chavez was born in Sitges,
just outside of Barcelona, in 699 CE, the bastard son of
an Iberian mother he grew to despise and an unknown
Berber Muslim father. Watching his mother's alle-
giance swing like leaves on the wind with the regional

struggles of the Muslim Umayyads and Christian
Visigoths, Gabriel grew to reject his maternal heritage.
He left home at his first opportunity, and sought to join
the Umayyads' so that he could learn the true ways of
honor and of the Book.

The Muslim leaders, ever practical, soon decided
that Allah had not blessed Gabriel with a warrior's
strength. He instead expressed the subtlety and alert-
ness of a cat and the idealistic loyalty of a hound.
Gabriel was used as a native Iberian infiltrator, grace-
fully gathering information and dispatching slumbering
enemies, framing the innocent and creating enemy
unrest at every opportunity. He became more confident
in this role as his faith in Qur'anic ways grew — Allah
had blessed him with powers to punish the oppressive
and unenlightened Visigoths, and he spared no sympa-
thy for the Iberian locals who did not gladly welcome
the civilized rule of the Muslims. Gabriel's skillful ear
and blade and his loyal heart of stone soon attracted the
notice of Tariq, an assassin master of the Umayyad
Caliphate in Cordoba.

Eight years passed before a stunned Gabriel discov-
ered certain evidence of his own caliph's collusion with
the Goths to divide the region based on crude capital
gains rather than ideology. The truth was clear: The
caliph and his advisors had become weak and soft,
indulgent of the ways of the West, and Gabriel's years of
service in Allah's name were now nothing more than
hollow actions without meaning. His visions of a grand
Muslim occupation of Iberia crumbled to barren dust.
Knowing that reports of what he had discovered would
only be seenas treacherous, yet still unwilling to contrib-
ute to the deceit, Gabriel had already prepared to end his
own life when he was approached by Tariq.

Tariq spoke to Gabriel of Allah, of Mohammad, of
Haqim and the spiritual path of the Cainites of Alamut.
With Tariq's steely and confident words, Gabriel redis-
covered his purpose, and vowed his service and his life to
the clan. After the customary Assamite training and
Embrace by Tariq, Gabriel's education continued through
the next 250 years as he ascended to become rafiq and
blood childe of his clan. He readily absorbed the lan-
guages of the region, still admiring the nobility of the
scholars of al-Andalus even as he scorned the petty
infighting of the mortal Moors.

In 975 CE, superbly restrained and loyal Assamites
were required to infiltrate the upstart Fatimid Caliphate
in Cairo. The Fatimids and their Pharaonic culture
reeked of Setite manipulations, and Gabriel's Berber
Moorish heritage put him below the threshold of suspi-
cion among the Egyptians. He learned how to gather
information in cities and to infiltrate the Fatimid pal-
aces, and his contracts included renegade Setite and
Muslim alike. It was here that Gabriel's subtlety, loyalty
and honor in dealing with the childer of the Serpent
earned him the title of the "Eyes of Alamut."

Understanding the threat and the barbarian mental-
ity of the familiar Christian forces of the First Crusade —
and of Iberian mercenaries in particular — Gabriel trav-


eled to Jerusalem in 1107. Elimination of a suitable target
was simple, and he traveled into Jerusalem in Christian
pilgrim guise. In the ensuing years he traded information
with other Cainites when it suited him, learning what
secrets he could of the crusaders and their princes.
However, the recent defeat of the crusaders by Salah
al-Din's forces did not have the galvanizing effect that
Gabriel had expected. Though 200 Templars and
Hospitallers were ritually slain by Muslim forces, the
religious concessions and continued Christian presence
within the city gnaw at him. He cannot help but ques-
tion the motives of even one as pious as Salah al-Din,
and he finds his faith in the ways of the Qur'an and the
Muslim leadership wavering, while only the roads of
blood and vengeance remain strong in his heart. His
clanmates Habiba and Rashid sympathize with his views,
but only share a glimmer of the fire in Gabriel's eyes.
And so Gabriel has assumed the role implied by his
epithet once again, creating unrest and mistrust among
crusader Lasombra, Ventrue and Toreador houses. He
has ghouled Don Marco, a highly placed Italian scribe,
and through him has uncovered important information
about Christian Cainite pilgrims and their travels. He
hasalso killed a Toreador pilgrim and saved the blood for
Habiba. The presence of an Assamite spy somewhere
within the crusader forces has not escaped the eyes of
Father Paliuro, who carefully and indirectly feeds Gabriel
damning information on those he views as his Cainite
enemies. This information has recently focused on the
Narsean Lasombra Magdalena, implicating her family in
numerous collusions with the crusaders.
Image: Gabriel's mixed blood is only apparent to those that
have seen his true form; his subtle applications of Obfus-
cate, combined with knowledge of disguise and language,
make him difficult to uncover by even the subtlest of
inquiries. When he appears at gatherings, he is seen but not
observed, ever the common face in the crowd.
Roleplaying Hints: You are clever and cautious. When
you exchange information, you somehow manage to
come away with more than you gave while giving the
impression of equanimity. Be focused and deliberate,
and never flinch.
Haven: Gabriel sometimes finds refuge in the dwelling
of Don Marco. At other times he joins Habiba in her
caves outside of town, for he is refreshed by her singular
Muslim devotion and her strong character.
Secrets: Gabriel is tiring of the duplicity of his life, of
infiltration instead of action — as if maintaining the
fragile existence of a Cainite were not enough, he also
must pretend to be Lasombra or Toreador on demand.
He wishes to strike the blows that balance the betrayal,
towash the streets with crusader blood and restore Allah
to glory. He's thinking about forming an alliance with
Azif, the Brujah, to just that end.

Influence: Gabriel is rapidly working his way up through
the clan hierarchy and has considerable influence over
Habiba, his occasional lover — but his mixed heritage
makes the Silsila Assamite elders nervous. Still, he keeps
his word of honor, his information is invaluable, and he
shows definite promise.

Destiny: Gabriel wisely avoids returning to his native
region, and thereby avoids the Inquisition. He will
eventually be betrayed to the Ottomans early in the 16th
century, sacrificed by the Assamites for his increasingly
insubordinate temperament.

Clan: Assamite

Sire: Tariq

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 729 CE

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 6 (Catlike Reflexes),
Stamina 5 (Enduring)

Social: Charisma 4 (Charming), Manipulation 5
(Smooth), Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5 (Insightful), Intelligence 4
(Clever), Wits 6 (Combat Nerves)

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 5 (Traps), Athletics 4
(Thrown Objects), Brawl 3, Dodge 5 (Sidestep), Subter-
fuge 4 (Changing the Subject)

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 4 (Moving Target),
Etiquette 4 (Foreign Customs), Melee 4 (Knives), Stealth
4 (Hide), Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 4 (Locate
Informant), Linguistics 4 (Diplomatic), Occult 2, Poli-
tics 4 (Vampiric Hierarchy)

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 5, Dominate 4, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 5, Potence 3, Quietus 5
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Influence 2, Men-
tor 3, Retainers 1, Status 2

Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 7
Road: Road of Blood 7

Willpower: 8

HABIBA AL-SIKKEEN

Background: Habiba al-Sikkeen is proof that the
Embrace of Shabah (the first woman Assamite) was no
mistake. However, unlike Shabah, who used her woman's
wiles to lure victims into her grasp, Habiba uses another
trait frequently attributed to women: vindictiveness.

Habibaisadevout Muslim, and wasalsoblessed by Allah
as a natural and talented assassin. Being a Muslim, a female
and an assassin may be an unusual combination of traits, but
Habiba is determined to prove that she is as capable (and as
devout) as any man. To those who do not know her well —


SS
LON

=

So

\

\\

SE

YIEZZZZZ

WG, eZ E

AM: EY

and there are few that do — these attributes combine to

create an impression of arrogance and defiance. It is possible

that time and association with Gabriel will temper her
attitude into one of quiet competence.

Habiba was born into a tribe of desert nomads in
early 9th century Arabia. The only child of the tribe's
butcher, she acquired much of her skill with a knife from
her father, severing tendon from bone and expertly
slitting the throats of lambs. Her father is also to blame
for a large portion of Habiba's unbecoming self-confi-
dence, which annoys those Muslim men who expect
women to be politely subservient. The Prophet
Muhammad, her father taught her, expected women to
think for themselves, just as he did men. If that meant
questioning traditional patriarchal lines of authority,
then so be it.

As her father grew older and the strength slipped
from his fingers, Habiba took over the butchery duties
herself. During a night of Ramadan in her 16th year, she
was expertly dissecting a carcass and quietly chanting
Qur'anic verses to herself in preparation for another hot
day's fasting. The scene attracted an amused old man
that she did not recognize, and he dutifully explained to
her that she would make no man a fit wife in her current
state. Habiba's fingers gave no moment of pause as she
eyed him confidently, explaining that her knife could
very easily carve him into a suitable wife instead.

The insolence of the girl amused the Cainite as
much as her skill impressed him, and he made it his
business to monitor her tribe's trades and paths through
the desert. She remained steady in her faith and grew to
defend her tribe, taking the lives of raiders with expert
knife throws. It was not until her blade also found the

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

throat of one of her own tribesmen, a vicious misogynist
whose continued torments developed into physical abuse,
that her sire decided she had the strength and will for the
Embrace and the Road of Blood.

Through her Embrace and training at Alamut,
Habiba's faith remained unshaken, and she incorporated
the Road of Blood and her Muslim practice into her own
unique set of beliefs. The Muslim childer of Haqim, men
and women such as Habiba herself, are Allah's powers
throughout the material world. They purge the mortals
that follow the Book — Muslim, Jew and Christian alike
— of those cursed by Allah. They and their henchmen
are now her clan's lambs for the slaughter.

After serving her apprenticeship, Habiba was placed
in the territories of Jerusalem sometime near 850 CE.
Since then, she has mainly worked as a contract assassin.
She views her place within the city as an example of how
a woman may be empowered by Allah, and she respects
the Jews of the city as cousins of the Book, understanding
both the Rabbinic traditions and the differing views of the
Karaites. All of this, however, holds a secondary place to
her honor and the necessary fulfillment of her contracts.

Habiba's nomadic heritage gives her the confi-
dence to travel the outskirts of Jerusalem by night.
She survived the crusader massacre of the city in 1099
by setting lethal traps in. a cave on the Mount of Olives
to the west and establishing this as her haven. Habiba
chose the site because it overlooks the plain of al-
Sahira, where Muslims will gather before Resurrection
Day. She is one of the few pre-invasion Jerusalem
Cainites who owe Etheria no debt of refuge. In fact,
not only is Etheria's haughty presence outside of the
city in Bethlehem an annoyance, but Habiba also
believes that the Cainite's urban political games are
devious and misguided. If Habiba ever confirms that
Etheria helped instigate the Crusades, she will meet
her Final Death by Habiba's blade.

In the chaos and oppression of the following years,
Habiba was injured and had immediate need of an ally —
and so Embraced Rashid, a local contact of hers who
knew the valleys and roads surrounding Jerusalem almost
as well as she. Though not particularly attractive, he was
astrong man, and Habiba took secret delight in instruct-
ing the vengeful youth on the Blood Road until Gabriel
and other Assamite forces arrived years later.

Now Habiba continues her contract work and some-
times beds with Gabriel, arguing over faith and freedoms.
Though the foreigner's distant ways and mysterious,
mixed blood intrigue her, and the two have a grudging
but affectionate respect, Habiba also believes in the
Muslim order, the traditions of Qur'an and the wisdom
of the caliph, and she does not share his misgivings about
the Muslim leadership. Gabriel also understands that he
needs Habiba and her remaining control over Rashid to


infiltrate or destroy Frankish crusader caravans on the
open road, and he uses charismatic flattery to bend her
will to this end.

Who Habiba kills doesn't matter much to her —a
contract is a contract — but she thinks it's more inter-
esting to go after the elite members of the crusader forces.
They are so convinced of their invulnerability (and of
the competence of their guards) that they're always
nicely surprised when they see the sharp gleam of Habiba's
blade approaching; she appreciates their voicelessscreams
of Final Death that fail to alert their comrades. The now-
vulnerable Ventrue crusaders are particularly tempting
targets, with their naive assumption that battles ofhonor
are waged only on the battlefield. In particular, Habiba's
informants carefully track the movements of Lucius and
his two childer.

Image: Habiba's dark hair is kept shorter than most
women's; it doesn't get in her eyes when it's loose.
Devout as she is, Habiba finds the traditional veils
cumbersome when she is about her business. She prefers
the practicality of masculine dress when she works alone,
wearing a simple shirt and loose trousers that can be
bound close to the leg when necessary. In the shadowed
recesses of Jerusalem's streets she easily passes for a man
to those who do not look too closely.

Roleplaying Hints: You are watchful, and usually
silent. A nod ora shrug serves for most communication.
When you do speak, it is in a deliberate whisper.

Haven: Habiba havens inasmall cave set well into the
hillside on the Mount of Olives, across the valley from the
city. She has crafted several deadly traps within to assure
that those who intrude do not survive the experience.

Secrets: On rare occasions, Habiba regrets that she's
not more alluring. But Allah has blessed her with the
talent of an assassin along with the slyness of a woman, so

* she must use those blessings to bring glory to Him.

Influence: Habiba does not have much influence, yet.
But word about herskills is spreading among the Assamites.

Destiny: Habiba will become one of the all-time
great assassins. Her suspicions about Etheria will be
confirmed, and Habiba will track down and diablerize
Etheria as a result. No one is quite sure where Habiba
eventually comes to rest, but over the centuries, rumors
have placed her in Cairo, Tobruk and Munich.

Clan: Assamite

Sire: Qusay ibn Namdar

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 842 CE

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4 (Supple), Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Archery 2, Crafts 1, Herbalism 2, Melee 5
(Knives), Ride 2, Stealth 4 (Lurk), Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 3, Linguistics
1, Occult 2, Science 1

Disciplines: Celerity 5, Obfuscate 4, Obtenebration 2,
Quietus 5, Potence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Resources 1, Status 1
Virtues: Conviction 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Road: Road of Blood 8

Willpower: 6

RASHID IBN MusaArir

Background: Rashid was a young farmer and a
Jerusalem native when the crusaders conquered the city
in 1099. He hid outside the town as the screams of terror
and death echoed across the plain. Being driven from
their homes and having their brethren slain in blood-
thirsty ways by invading Franks had a profound effect
on all the survivors. For Rashid, it led to an immediate
change of lifestyle, from barely tolerant to ideologically
obsessed. He made an oath to himself and to Allah, that
he might put his life to the task of recovering al-Quds.
Surely the worshipers of the cross followed no Book of
his people.

Taking up with other disenfranchised locals who
were barred entry to the city by the Frankish military
tule, Rashid bided his time for several months. One
evening while investigating noises, he discovered the
wounded Habiba outside her cave on the Mount of
Olives. He tended her wounds, assuming she had been


mauled and left for dead by marauding Franks, where-
upon she asked to be taken inside her haven to safety.

The elaborate traps made it clear that this was no
ordinary peasant, but a woman who might prove to be a
valuable ally. He tended to her throughout that night,
and then through the following nights. When she be-
came weaker, honor dictated that she explain her path
and her mission to him. His memories of the night of
horror came flooding back, and he eagerly let her drink
of his blood so that she might survive and recover. She
instructed him as her ghoul, and soon after that Em-
braced him, understanding that she would need allies of
fierce faith for the battles ahead.

Since his Embrace, Rashid has concentrated his
skills on repaying blood with blood. Using information
gleaned from al-Ain, he operates as the vengeance of
Allah and wreaks general havoc on supply lines —
carefully concentrating his feeding on those who he has
been toldare supporting the Western Cainites. He works
alone or in concert with Habiba when necessary, though
he is also familiar with the animalistic ways of the
Gangrel Canis. Rashid also empathizes with Azif's desire
to clean the city of Christians, but sees Azif's hatred of
Boniface as narrow-minded.

Rashid's Protean abilities make him a suitable assas-
sin for countryside work, laying waste to entire caravans
in his frenzy, the marks of his claws often confused with
shredding by Lupines. Where Rashid learned this disci-
pline in so short a time is a mystery, though rumors
persist of him accompanying Canis on hunts, where they
share a burning vengeance.

One of his few pleasures — and it is a pleasure that
confuses him beyond all understanding — is his fasci-
nation with Shahara. Though he still owes Habiba a
debt of blood, Shahara is much more indulgent and
attentive, and she lures him with pleasures only known
within the city. She does not seem to be bothered by
aspects of his personality that annoy some other
Cainites. His outcast nature rings with a defender
instinct for the Holy City, his people and his home-
land. Driving the Cainite infidels from the city and
strengthening his own kind so the crusaders do not
further molest them is his ultimate goal.

Image: Tall and burly, with dark skin, black hair
and flashing, dark eyes, Rashid is common in his looks.
Itis his reclusive nature and solitary instinct that incite
the disdain of others.

Roleplaying Hints: You can't much be bothered
with anyone unless they're useful to your goal. People —
other than Shahara and Canis — are either of the clan
or potential targets. There is no third category.

Haven: Rashid used to dwell in acave in the hillside
across the valley from the city, not far from Habiba's

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

haven. Recently, however, he has taken up staying with
Shahara inside the city.

Secrets: Rashid is beginning to suspect that he's
more enthralled with Shahara than she is with him. He's
not sure of that, however... and he's not sure that he
really wants to know the truth.

Influence: Rashid relies on Gabriel and Habiba for
information; he is their enforcer and primary operative
on the roads outside the city. Rashid has little influence
on his own.

Destiny: Rashid disappears at or about the same
time Gabriel fades from Cainite awareness.

Clan: Assamite

Sire: Habiba al-Sikkeen

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1099

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 5 (Burly), Dexterity 4 (Swift),
Stamina 4 (Tough)

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4 (Sharp), Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4 (Grappling),
Dodge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 2, Herbalism 1, Melee 4
(Swords), Stealth 4 (Lurk), Survival 4 (Tracking)
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Linguistics 1,
Medicine 2

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Obfuscate 2, Protean 2, Quietus 4
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Herd 2, Mentor 1,
Resources 2, Retainers 1

Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Road: Road of Blood 8

Willpower: 7

BrusaH

The Brujah in Jerusalem are divided along classic
lines: Etheria and Boniface strive for harmony and pro-
tection, and Azif and his childer take the more militant
role. Add into the mix favors owed and not yet repaid
and differing fervent religious beliefs, and the Jerusalem
Brujah cannot agree about much of anything.

BONIFHCE

Background: Boniface was born into a prominent
Roman Senatorial family amid a maelstrom of confu-
sion and terror — a mere two days before the sack of
Rome in 410 CE. During the chaos, Visigoth invaders
allowed the stunned Romans to take refuge in three of
the largest Christian churches in the city. Boniface's


mother took shelter there with thousands of others; his
father was killed trying to save their house from being
burned in the ensuing conflagration. Alone, fright-
ened, but still thankful for her survival, his mother left
Boniface with the Christian clergy and returned to her
own family in Umbria.

Boniface studied letters and numbers under mo-
nastic tutelage, and learned Greek from a visiting
scholar in addition to his native Latin. In his early
20s, he came to the attention of Pope Celestine, and
was fortunate enough to become one of the Bishop of
Rome's secretaries. A devout, earnest young man,
Boniface earned the trust of Celestine, and was sent
on several important theological missions: to south-
ern Gaul, Carthage and even to Constantinople with
letters to the emperor. Celestine died, and Boniface
continued in the service of Pope Sixtus, and then
Pope Leo. In 442 CE Boniface was made one of the
archdeacons of Rome before becoming a priest two
years later. He had the career opportunity of his life in
451 CE when Leo chose him to be one of his envoys
to the Council of Chalcedon in Asia Minor along
with a bishop from southern Italy. Leo and Boniface
drafted the Papal Tome quite carefully, although
naturally only Leo signed it. Still, Boniface was cer-
tain that his career in the Church was now assured.

The work was quite successful at the Council, and
Boniface was pleased at its reception. His authorship was
evenacknowledged, quietly; he was invited to an evening
gathering at the summer palace of the Emperor Marcian
to celebrate the creation of the Patriarchies of
Constantinople and Jerusalem. As was appropriate for a
member of the monastic clergy, he had avoided women
allhis life; yet Boniface found himself strangely drawn to

a pale older woman of the court named Etheria. She
praised his words in the Council and spoke of the strong
promise of his career in the Church. Etheria hinted that
she could have him assigned to Jerusalem, perhaps to
become the new patriarch of the city when the current
fool in that office died in a few years.

Boniface believed her. He delayed his return to
Rome, and spent more and more time with Etheria, first
at the palace, then alone at a private house in the
evenings. In 452 CE, the letter he had been waiting for
finally arrived from Rome: Leo told him to go to Jerusa-
lem. He and Etheria traveled there separately, he by
toad, she by ship and then horse and sedan chair. Boniface
joined the clergy of the Nea Church, and became secre-
tary to the patriarch, and then chief priest of the Church
of the Anastasis (which would, in a few centuries, be
better known as the Church of the Holy Sepulcher). All
the time, Etheria used her apparently deep influence
within the local Church structure to win him favor.
Boniface continued to visit her every evening, transfixed
by her beauty. He successfully ignored the look of barely
contained hunger in her eyes during these visits, perhaps
shielded by his Faith.

Both Etheria and Boniface overestimated how far a
Latin could rise in the Eastern Church, though. Boniface
was not elected to succeed the dead Patriarch of Jerusa-
lem; a prominent preacher from Antioch was chosen by
the emperor instead. The following year, Pope Leo died
and Boniface was left without patrons in the world.

Despairing of his life's work in the Church,
Boniface took a more pragmatic view of sacred poli-
tics. He accepted the Embrace when Etheria offered it
to him in 462 CE. If he could not be patriarch himself,
Boniface reasoned, he could still be influential in the
patriarch's organization. This proved to be neither
challenging nor satisfying, and as the decades passed
he grew to question his role in God's order, the
meaning of his power. When no answers were forth-
coming, the Cainite made a swift journey by night out
into the Judean wilderness and closed himself in a
cave, where he sank into torpor.

Boniface returned to Jerusalem near 800 CE, tre-
mendously changed by his wilderness experiences. He
has been renewed in his faith and sees God's role for
him as that of a holy protector of the non-militant
Christian pilgrims of Jerusalem. This has been his
mission for years. The senseless slaughter of the First
Crusade both angered and horrified him, and many
believe Boniface is secretly relieved that the city is
once again open and at relative peace in Muslim
hands. He respected the ideals of Salah al-Din, and is
deeply concerned that his death will ignite another
firestorm of destruction in the region.

CHAPTER FOUR: CAINITES OF JREUSALEM


After the First Crusade, Boniface took up residence
beneath the Hospitaller's Quarters; he primarily feeds on
Hospitallers and militants who steal and misguide the
Christian pilgrims in order to line their own pockets. He
knows that the Lasombra and Ventrue use the crusaders'
zeal to their own ends, and so has worked to undermine
their direct influence among the politically powerful
Hospitallers and Knights Templars in the past. From
time to time, he has even made journeys outward from
Jerusalem, notably to Rome in 1091 with Etheria, to urge
the five-year treaty of peace on behalf of Christians in
the Holy Land.

One of the matters that Boniface takes very seri-
ously is Cainite predation in the four Christian
hospitals currently under his protection: Saint Mary
Zion, the Provencal Hostel, Saint Mark Hostel and
the Hostel of St. Stephen. He forbids vampires from
preying in them without his permission, and he has
hunted down and staked more than one Cainite who
has ignored his edict.

Image: Boniface is a small man with a narrow face
framed by tonsured black hair. He appears to be in his
late forties or early fifties. He is fit and thin, just as a
monastic ascetic should be, and his strong fingers are
often splotched with ink.

Roleplaying Hints: You are an intense man with
an unswerving mission to protect pilgrims in the city of
Jerusalem. You can be rude and short-tempered. From
time to time you can be drawn into theological discus-
sions, although you tend to be more inclined to follow
Greek rather than Roman theology these days.

Haven: A half-ruined crypt beneath the Hospitaller's
Quarters is where Boniface rests.

Secrets: Boniface cares more about mortal politics
than he suspects he should. After all, he's a scholar and
a religious man, not a petty politician. He finds, how-
ever, that being able to see events over hundreds of
years provides a fascinating perspective that is difficult
to ignore.

Influence: Boniface completely and directly con-
trols the hospitals under his care. This gives him influence
throughout the city.

Destiny: Boniface survives Azif's plots. He main-
tains his close ties with Etheria, although eventually he
tires of Jerusalem and falls into torpor under Etheria's
watchful eye.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Etheria

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Defender
Generation: 7th

Embrace: 462 CE

Apparent Age: late 40s, early 50s

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Physical: Strength 4 (Wiry), Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
(Determined)

Social: Charisma 4 (Eloquent), Manipulation 3, Ap-
pearance 2

Mental: Perception 4 (Insightful), Intelligence 4 (Knowl-
edgeable), Wits 4 (Practiced)

Talents: Alertness 4 (Ambushes), Athletics 3, Brawl 3,
Dodge 4 (Find Cover), Intimidation 4 (Subtle)

Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 4 (Theology), History 4 (Ro-
man), Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Politics 4 (Religious)
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 5, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 4, Obfuscate 2, Potence 5, Presence 6
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Influence 3, Mentor 3, Re-
sources 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Road: Road of Heaven 8

Willpower: 6

Air

Background: Azif was a vicious, devious and rich
merchant of spices and frankincense in Alexandria
when he was Embraced sometime around 230 BCE.
Knowing from prior dealings with Cainites that his
sire would surely demand a blood oath from him, Azif
treacherously turned and diablerized the Cainite in-
stead, choosing to be hunted rather than to serve. His
flight from the ensuing hunt dragged him into pov-
erty, returning him home to his extended family in
southern Arabia, narrowly escaping both
shapechangers and sunlight.

Azif took control of his family's business through
proxies and dominated relatives, and proceeded to

= ae

Ew 225° 2


rebuild his wealth. As a Cainite among kine this life
soon bored him, however. He became a student of
folklore, a collector of fabled tales with which he
could enchant small, midnight audiences. The sto-
ties that passed the ears and lips of Azif and his
ghouls included the roots of Christianity and Islam,
for knowing the faiths of the merchants and traders
is yet another power one can use to strike a favorable
bargain. As the years passed and borders changed, he
shifted his operations from southern Arabia to
Medina, and then to Palestine: first to Ceasarea,
then up the coast. When the crusaders came, he
moved east into Damascus.

Sometime around 1120, Azif came to Jerusalem
intent on finding ways to undermine the crusader state
and to restore the city to its rightful Muslim overlords.
After decades of hiding his true loyalties by carefully
working with Boniface to weaken the Hospitallers and
Templars, he turned his supply lines and support to the
armies of Salah al-Din after the Battle of Hattin in
1187. Though they share Brujah blood, he views
Boniface's idealistic protector spirit as weak, and knows
that Boniface is a pawn of Etheria and the infidel
crusaders. He therefore seeks to turn on them and
destroy them as he did his own sire; Azif has sired
several childer in this effort, one of whom, Jared, he
controls more completely with a blood oath.

Image: Azif is a dark-skinned for a Cainite. His
curly hair is very short, and he dresses in black and gray.
He is obviously used to attention and income, and
carries himself with an air of charismatic affluence.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a merchant story-
teller like Varsik, the Ravnos. However, you are now
firmly anti-Christian and staunchly militant Muslim,
and the promise of extirpating the infidels burns dark
in your spirit. You are a crafty and resourceful negotia-
tor with a wealth of knowledge concerning customs
and faiths.

Haven: A side chamber in the rock-cut halls below
the Temple Mount forms Azif's haven.

Secrets: Azif is just about ready to start bringing
down Boniface... and when he does, the Brujah pres-
ence in Jerusalem is going to change!

Influence: Azif has a growing group of partially
educated childer over whom he exerts total control, as
well as a substantial network of friends and allies among
his Muslim brothers.

Destiny: Azifs plots against Boniface do not
succeed. His hold on his childer is too tenuous, his
moves are too bold. He flees Jerusalem when the
situation becomes untenable and heads — with what
childer he can gather around him on short notice —
back to Alexandria.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Innovator

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 230 BCE

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Strength 4 (Wiry), Dexterity 5 (Slippery),
Stamina 6 (Stubborn)

Social: Charisma 4 (Eloquent), Manipulation 4 (Per-
suasive), Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4 (Quick)
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 4
(Business Negotiations), Leadership 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 4 (Daggers), Ride 2, Stealth
4 (Crowds)

Knowledges: Investigation 4 (Appraisal), Law 4 (Com-
merce), Linguistics 4 (Business), Occult 2, Politics 4
(Vampiric Hierarchies)

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 3, Obfuscate 4, Potence 4, Presence 4, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Herd 1, Influence 3,
Resources 3, Retainers, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 3
Road: Road of Heaven 4
Willpower: 7

JARED

Background: Jared was born Christian and entered
into the Hospitaller order at a young age, showing
promise with his healing skills before being Embraced
and blood oathed by Azif, who desired a military pawn


near Boniface's haven. Jared rages against Boniface's
idealistic blindness, while at the same time doing Azif's
bidding and contending with his own fading Christian
principles. He speaks French and Latin, and his Greek
and Arabic are improving, though still limited.

Jared is more aware of his status as a pawn than most
Cainites. He understands that Boniface hates him be-
cause of his association with a mortal military order, and
that Azif hates him because he is a Christian. Unable to
find much sympathy from either his sire or his sire's
enemy, Jared spends what free time he has assisting the
Nosferatu among the lepers with his limited medical
knowledge and helping the many poor of Jerusalem. He
tries to hunt exclusively from thieves and murderers; he
feels this is just punishment for their crimes.

Image: Until recently, Jared usually dressed in the
white habit with black cross that is the lay brother's
uniform of the Hospitaller order. Since the Muslim
leaders have expelled the order from the city, Jared has
taken to wearing an undyed linen robe resembling a
Cistercian habit. He appears to be in his late 30s or early
40s, with his fair hair tonsured.

Roleplaying Hints: As a mortal you were cool and
collected, and you try to maintain this fagade. There is
a deep rage within you now, however: the Beast burns
hot in your blood. You spend so much time running
errands for your sire that your vampiric education is both
limited and inadequate. As a result, you are often dis-
tracted, irritable, nervous and hungry, and your outward
calm is pierced rapidly in any extended conflict or
argument.

Haven: An unused cistern underneath the cloister
of the Hospital of St. John serves as haven to Jared.

Secrets: This is all too new; Jared is still trying to
figure out his place in unlife.

Influence: Jared has none, yet. He'll soon begin
building an information network, however, as his under-
standing and range of activities expands.

Destiny: Jared's destiny lies — unfortunately for
Jared — with Azif.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Azif

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Caretaker

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1189

Apparent Age: late 30s, early 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4 (Astute), Wits 2
Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Empathy 3

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Skills: Herbalism 2, Melee 1, Ride 3, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Academics 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Potence 2, Presence 2
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 1, Mentor 1
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Road of Humanity 3

Willpower: 4

ETHERIA

Background: Etheria was born in Spain of good
Hispo-Romanstock, and converted to Christianity early.
She became anunat the age of 16 rather than marry aboy
she found both tiresome and ugly, and came to regret the
decision. She quickly found that convent life did not suit
her vagabond spirit; nonetheless, she was elected abbess,
and soon after, used her newfound influence to embark
on pilgrimage to Jerusalem.

Knowing full well the value of historical records, she
wrote many letters and kept a journal of the various rites
and rituals she saw, describing all the important churches
and shrines she and her fellow travelers visited. Upon
arriving in Jerusalem, she decided to stay permanently,
inspired by the recent construction of a fabulous church
and the many other pilgrims it attracted. Sending her
travelogue home, Etheria set up house in the Holy City,
and soon came to the attention of a Cainite who found
her both attractive and intelligent. Etheria was Em-
braced about 395 CE.

Over the following years she shifted in positions and
recreated her influence within the Church from deep
within the confines of the nunneries. She traveled on
important Church business with the retinue of the patri-
arch, siring several childer, including Boniface, over the
years. After Boniface's return from torpor near 800 CE,


she retired to Bethlehem. During the carnage of the First
Crusade, Etheria gave refuge to several Jerusalem Cainites
whostill owe her favors; among them is the Cappadocian
Adam, who has promised to protect Boniface in his
struggles with Azif.

Etheria visits Jerusalem at Eastertide for several days
each year, and then again at Pentecost. Even at those
times, however, she is rarely seen. During the First
Crusade, she sheltered numerous vampires in and around
Bethlehem, but many Cainites — Christian as well as
Muslim — believe her influence may have helped insti-
gate the Crusades in the first place.

Image: Etheria is a wispy, willowy woman with
Roman features and rather dusky skin, at least for a
vampire. She dresses in plain shape-hiding gowns of rich
cloth, which betray both her noble upbringing and her
mortal time in the religious life. She appears to be in her
middle thirties, and is haughtily beautiful.

Roleplaying Hints: You can be extremely shock-
ing when you wish to be; sensuality and seductiveness
are not beyond you, and they worked extremely well on
Boniface. Christians are often surprised by this behavior,
since your outward demeanor is often very nun-like.
Indeed, the "holy woman of Bethlehem" is an image you
like to cultivate. It makes you seem weaker than you
really are, until it is too late for your victims. Many of the
Jerusalem Cainites owe you favors since you provided
refuge in Bethlehem during the First Crusade.

Haven: Etheria makes her home in a manor in the
vicinity of Bethlehem, or when in Jerusalem, a cave near
Jeremiah's Grotto, north of the city.

Secrets: Etheria thoroughly enjoys her reputation
as the "holy woman of Bethlehem." She would go to any
lengths to protect that reputation.

Influence: Etheria's influence has spread far and
wide among Cainites who have been in Jerusalem for a
century or more. This is not to say that she is quick to call
in favors, but she gains a certain amount of peace,
knowing that she is owed future benefit from past deeds.

Destiny: Etheria still lives in Bethlehem, still dis-
penses refuge among the Cainites seeking escape from
political unrest, still calls in favors when one of her childer
need protection. At least, she does until Habiba finally
garners proof that Etheria helped instigate the Crusades.
Clan: Brujah
Sire: Unknown.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Innovator

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 395 CE

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4 (Captivating), Manipulation 4 (Per-
suasive), Appearance 5 (Striking)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4 (Sharp Memory),
Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4
(Gain Trust), Subterfuge 4 (Changing the Subject)
Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 4 (Church), Melee 1, Music
3, Ride 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 4 (History), Linguistics 3,
Politics 4 (Favors), Seneschal 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Dominate 2, Forti-
tude 4, Obfuscate 2, Potence 3, Presence 6
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Herd 2, Influence 4,
Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Road of Humanity 6

Willpower: 8

‘YusuF

Background: Yusuf is a Muslim trader whom Azif
Embraced 30 years ago; he is Azif's primary tool for
controlling his business concerns all over Palestine.
Like Jared, he was initially enthralled by Azifs blood
oath, though its power has been weakened substantially
by long years of distance and travel. He is proud to use
the powers that Allah and Azif have granted him. The
supplies he sells on Azifs behalf and their men's me-
thodical elimination of enemy stragglers have
contributed substantially to the Arab military successes
under Salah al-Din.

Yusuf is in Jerusalem for about a week out of every
month. He is somewhat frustrated and jealous that Azif
has felt the need to Embrace Jared, another weak healer


like Boniface, instead of relying on his own militant
passions. Recently, however, Yusuf's luck has been good
— Jeanette, a Christian soothsayer and a Malkavian
blessed with the sight, has come under his influence and
now seems to trust him. Her truthful visions, such as the
locations of the havens of some of the Ventrue crusaders
and the prediction of Salah al-Din's death, have given
Azif new faith that he and his cause are granted the
blessings of Allah.

Yusuf chooses to feed on the enemy, those of hisown
choice and Azif's. When the Beast goads him on, he
ranges well away from his caravans in the night; other-
wise he feeds on Christians and even Jews where he can,
including the occasional pilgrim near one of Boniface's
beloved hospices.

Image: Yusuf is a short, overweight Muslim of
Persian stock, wearing rings and other finery that indi-
cate his status within his trader communities. He is
garrulous among those he can use, including merchants,
guards and dancers, and his natural hospitality has earned
him the trust of his many contacts.

Roleplaying Hints: Be chatty and charming,
especially if you perceive a possible use for the
person to whom you're speaking. You enjoy playing
host to Muslims who fight against the Christians for
control of Jerusalem and the surrounding lands. Along
with this, you have an intense dislike of both Gangrel
and Lupines; both are savages who often cause havoc
with your business affairs. Azif's cause is your own,
and though the blood oath is weakening, you are
loyal to the cause of preserving Muslim control of
the Holy City.

Haven: An old, Roman cellar near Herod's Gate is
home to Yusuf when he's in Jerusalem.

Secrets: Yusuf is beginning to wonder if Jeanette is
as mad as she seems. Is it possible that she is using
Malkavian madness to disguise her vulnerability as a
female? And where does she get her information and
prophecies?

Influence: Yusuf has less influence than he'd like to
believe. Azif is tiring of Yusuf's jealousy, and may find
that it is possible to operate without the benefit of his
childer's abilities.

Destiny: Yusuf's manipulations eventually annoy
Azif to the extent that Azif "neglects" to collect Yusuf
when leaving Jerusalem. Yusuf vanishes into the chaos
of history, and there are no reports of him in the
modern era.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Azif

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Fanatic
Generation: 7th

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Embrace: 1167

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 1

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Archery 2, Melee 2, Ride 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 3
Disciplines: Celerity 3, Potence 3, Presence 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 1, Mentor 2, Re-
sources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Road: Road of Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

CAPPADOCIAN

Where but Jerusalem could so much religious lore
exist? The Cappadocian who strives to know more,
understand more, incorporate more ancient wisdom,
must study in the Holy City.

ABRAHAM

Background: Abraham is the senior Cappadocian
in Jerusalem, and it is difficult to ascertain how long he
has held that distinction. He is certainly one of the oldest
vampires in the city, having arrived about the same time
Nehemiah did in 445 BCE. In addition to the annual
solstice clan gathering, Abraham has occasionally left
the city for extended periods, notably from 602 CEto811
CE and again from 1068 to 1125. Still, he has essentially
been in residence for seven and a half centuries, an
impressive achievement by anyone's standards.


Abraham's current focus of study is the so-called
Black Torah, a scroll reputedly scribed in white ink on
blackened parchment and containing further revela-
tions of the Prophet Elijah. Abraham reportedly brought
the Black Torah with him to Jerusalem when he re-
turned in 811 CE. Over time he became frustrated with
the complexity of the manuscript, and Embraced the
young Adam, a promising rabbinical scholar, to assist
him in decoding the elaborate messages he believed to be
hidden in it.

The search for answers has now consumed some four
centuries, and still Abraham studies, writing letters to
Cainite and mortal colleagues across Europe and Persia
in order to confirm his findings. The chambers beneath
the Tiferet Yisra'el Synagogue where Abraham and
Adam work are filled with hundreds of pages of parch-
ment and vellum covered in gematria and notariqon
anagrams; the place is a fire-trap which would make any
sane Cainite extremely nervous.

* Although Abraham is exploring revelatory scrip-
ture, he is far from mastering his subject matter. He has
devoted himself to these mystical studies to understand
the place of death in the universe, and perhaps his own
place within unlife. As the city of Jerusalem has grown
to become a religious focus, so have Abraham's revela-
tions, and he firmly believes that faith, struggle and
death have deeper meanings within the surroundings of
the Holy City.

Abraham is aware that his student and colleague
Adam thinks him mad at this point, thus he is more
cautious around the younger Cainite than he used to
be. Moreover, he knows that Adam seeks power rather
than wisdom. Asa result, Abraham has tried to deflect
some of Adam's ambition in other directions, return-
ing him to the noble studies of the sacred texts and
revelations.

Though there are reports of a clan "alliance"
between Ventrue and Cappadocian across Asia Mi-
nor, Abraham distrusts the Ventrue crusaders while
still respecting their power and devotion to their
cause. He meets with the Ventrue Lucius on occasion,
trading safe passage of his scholarly letters to the West
forinformation about local Cainite history, and Marcus
in particular.

Image: The hot, dry air of his tomb has reduced
Abraham's torso to a mummified shadow of what it once
was. His hair has gone wispy and silver, his form is
haggard and thin. He often appears deeply focused as if
in prayer and distracted from the world around him.

Roleplaying Hints: Cease speaking abruptly, as
though suddenly captured by a thought. Drift away from
conversations, mumbling aloud. Stare out an imaginary
window and return to single-minded talk of the com-

plexities of your studies and the role of Cainites and
Jerusalem within them.

Haven: An ancient family tomb complex some-
where in the Kidron Valley, west of the city provides a
safe haven for the Cappadocian.

Secrets: Abraham has many, many, many secrets —
where he hides the Black Torah, what the gematria
reveal, how thoroughly the revelations of the prophet
Elijah will influence future generations — but no secrets
of any political nature.

Influence: Abraham is of interest only to other
scholars; he exerts little influence on the wider social or
political structure.

Destiny: Abraham fades into obscurity; no one has
heard from him for years, but no one ever heard of his
Final Death, either.

Clan: Cappadocian

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 5th

Embrace: before 500 BCE

Apparent Age: impossibly ancient

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 7(Enduring)
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4 (Insightful), Intelligence 5 (Sharp
Memory), Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 3

Skills: Herbalism 2, Ride 3

Knowledges: Academics 6 (Theology), Hearth Wisdom
3, Investigation 6 (Library Search), Linguistics 6 (Trans-
lation), Medicine 3, Occult 6 (Kaballah), Science 3
Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude
6, Mortis 7, Obfuscate 4, Obtenebration 2, Potence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 4, Resources 2, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Road: Road of Heaven 9

Willpower: 9

Marcus

Background: Marcus has not been in Jerusalem for
some time; he last visited in 70 CE when he worked with
demolition crews to pull down the Temple of the Jewish
God who had incited a seemingly subjugated people to
revolt against the Roman Empire. During the revolt,
Marcus was assigned to decimate two towns; literally, to
crucify every tenth man. In three weeks, he and his men
hung over 2,000 crosses on the road from Joppa to Tyre,
and watched while the victims slowly died.

Marcus's dispassion brought him to the attention of
the Cainite Theophilus, who Embraced him, and buried


him alive for three days. After recovering from his "dark
night of the soul," Marcus traveled with his sire through-
out the empire, conducting a wandering tour of death as
the Roman civilization continued to crumble around
them. Marcus and Theophilus finally parted ways in
Athens near 650 CE.

Since that time Marcus has primarily roamed through
the Byzantine Empire, though he has traveled as far as
Persia. He allied with Balkan Tzimisce forces to raze
monasteries and churches during the height of Byzan-
tine iconoclasm near 730 CE, earning the enmity of the
Ventrue, including Lucius. He has also been intrigued by
numerous religious philosophies over the past 500 years,
including Islam, Latin and Greek Christianity,
Manicheism and a host of other studies.

Marcus returned to Jerusalem, the city of his Em-
brace, approximately two decades ago, and has settled
down in the presence of the holy sites of Judaism,
Christianity and Islam to reflect on what he has learned
over the centuries. He suspects that the Toreador Elsh,
aphantom from his distant past, is still here; in the midst
of a city ravaged by holy wars, the elegant closure of
ancient temple-builder and temple-destroyer amuses
him. Marcus cares little for the esoteric studies of Abraham
and his childe — if those fools wish to waste eternity in
a parchment-filled tinderbox, he will not argue.

Three years ago, a ghoul of Paliuro Rustucci's ap-
proached Marcus and led him through secret passages to
subterranean chambers outside of the Church of the
Holy Sepulcher. The former Cainite prince demanded
the Cappadocian's services, preaching plans for experi-
mentation, and destruction transformed to resurrection
and everlasting life. Paliuro has dominated Marcus ever

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

since, perverting the Cappadocian's sacred rituals to his
own self-destructive ends. More than one lesser Cainite
has been drawn into these rituals, never to be seen again.

Image: Marcus is a well-built figure of above-aver-
age height with a squared-off face, clipped Roman beard
and an aquiline nose. He appears to be about 30 years of
age, and often dresses himself in penitent robes to move
about the city's Christian districts without attracting
undue attention.

Roleplaying Hints: You have traveled widely,
both as a mortal and as a Cainite. You are extremely
self-disciplined, stubborn and single-minded. You have
less than the usual regard for holy sites; you helped pull
down the Jerusalem Temple, and Yahweh has not
struck you down for it yet. So far, it doesn't look like
Yahweh, God, Allah or any other deity is going to
interfere with you at all.

Haven: A chamber deep beneath the foundations
of the Citadel acts as his haven, though he also maintains
chambers near the Church of the Holy Sepulcher when
engaged in purification rituals with Paliuro.

Secrets: As defiant as Marcus is about all things
religious, he really would prefer that no one find out
about Paliuro's domination.

Influence: Marcus doesn't much care what any-
one else thinks, so exerts little influence and is
rarely influenced.

Destiny: He will be staked by Duyal as vengeance
for Marcus's destruction of Elsh's handiwork — or so
rumor has it.

Clan: Cappadocian

Sire: Theophilis

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Barbarian

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 70 CE

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4 (Stoic)
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4 (Combat
Nerves)

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4 (Wrestling),
Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2

Skills: Melee 4 (Swords), Ride 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2,
Throwing 2

Knowledges: Academics 4 (Theology), Linguistics 3,
Medicine 3 (Battle Wounds)

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Forti-
tude 5, Mortis 5, Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 3,
Protean 2

Backgrounds: Influence 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4


Road: Road of Humanity 4
Willpower: 9

ApaM

Background: Adam was a promising rabbinical
scholar in Jerusalem before he was Embraced by
Abraham in 813 CE, after deciphering intricate Ara-
maic texts for the elder Cainite. Abraham has since
dragged him deeper into the studies surrounding the
Black Torah and other revelatory texts, using his skills
as a translator, scribe and librarian to codify and trans-
late the many scrolls stored in their working chambers
beneath the synagogue.

Adam took refuge in Bethlehem during the dark-
ness of the First Crusade, though he could only save the
most important of the research documents as he fled.
Though her deeds were clothed in the guise of "Chris-
tian piety and protection," Etheria provided shelter for
Adam and his documents only after extracting the
promise that he and Abraham would protect her childe,
Boniface, upon returning to Jerusalem. Thus Adam is
indebted to the Brujah-. A debt he would dearly love
to erase, for he is sure that Etheria and her brethren
conspire with the crusaders.

Through their studies, Adam has learned just how
deeply involved his sire is with the revelations of the
Prophet Elijah, and how many secrets Abraham seems to
have gradually unlocked. In those years Adam has in-
creased his own strength and power through Abraham's
research, making scholarly and mystical contacts under
the elder Cainite's name and digging deeper into the
secrets of gematria. Annoyingly, Abraham has grown.
increasingly paranoid about the most important of his
sacred texts; Adam is not even sure if this Black Torah

S

AS
\

\)

is anything more than a shadow of Abraham's wish for
revelatory insight.

Adam has been a Cappadocian for more than three
centuries, yet he remains in servitude to his scholarly
master and indebted to a Brujah who conspires with
murderous invaders. He has enjoyed only small tastes of
power, freedom and independence, and yearns to see
more of the world than a synagogue chamber within a
war-wracked city. Some suspect thathe even yearns to be
free of both his intellectual nature and the lingering
shreds of devotion to Abraham's mystical studies.

Image: Adam appears to be in his mid-thirties, and
his hair and beard are long, curly and black. The right
side of his face is disfigured, the result of an accidental fire
within the archives decades ago.

Roleplaying Hints: You are spending more and
more time away from the archives and Abraham, some
of it protecting Boniface and his agents within the
hospitals. You are searching for better answers than can
be found in the lunatic ravings of the mystically inter-
preted Black Torah. You are likely to make inquiries
from any new Cainite you meet. Currently, you are
exploring some of the books in the Christian and
Muslim libraries of the city, trying to find material that
will provide perspective on Abraham's theories — or a
way to escape him.

Haven: Adam dwells in an underground chamber
deep beneath the Tiferet Yisra'el Synagogue.

Secrets: Adam, much as he would like to believe
Abraham's vision, is beginning to suspect that the Black
Torah doesn't actually exist anywhere outside of
Abrahams fantasy.

Influence: Adam has little influence — yet. It is
possible that his growing need to get beyond Abraham's
world may gradually erode his normally secretive
Cappadocian nature.

Destiny: Adam eventually breaks away from
Abraham and Jerusalem and wanders off to Venice to
seek new horizons. His story ends there, abruptly, in the
15th century.

Clan: Cappadocian

Sire: Abraham

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 813 CE

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4 (Learned), Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Herbalism 2, Stealth 2

CHAPTER FOUR: CAINITES OF JREUSALEM


Knowledges: Academics 5 (Jewish), Investigation 3,
Linguistics 3, Occult 4 (Kabbalah)

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Fortitude 4, Mortis 2, Obfuscate
2, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Road: Road of Heaven 5

Willpower: 4

GANGREL

The Gangrel currently in Jerusalem are about as
individualistic as one might expect. The battles of those
who truly care about the city are not their battles; the
causes of the Cainites who war here are not their causes.
Their services may be hired, but they are no more than
mercenaries in the conflicts that steadily erupt. Needless
to say, they prefer it that way.

CANIS

Background: Canis has lived in and around Jerusa-
lem since the sack of the city during the First Crusade.
However, she is familiar to many of the older Cainites of
the Middle East, as she has been living in Egypt and the
Levant since the time of the Punic Wars. Were it not for
the fact that Canis is so clearly intelligent, most Cainites
would take her forsome sort of dog or wolf subjected to the
Embrace despite the sheer impossibility of that notion.

Canis has lived in Baghdad, Alexandria, Cairo,
Antioch, Carthage and Babylon, and in all the lands
between them. At various times, she has served as the
pet, companion, guardian and messenger of various
Middle Eastern Cainites, Hatshep-seru, sorcerers and
others with connections to the world of the occult.

So far, Canis has remained independent of the
politics of Jerusalem, living on livestock and human
stragglers of all kinds. With the city in turmoil once
again, there is no effective leadership to mount a hunt for
her, and Canis finds the lands around Jerusalem an
effective refuge where her skills can be practiced without
reprisal from a strong local prince.

She normally runs at the head of a pack of ghouled
strays, though she doesn't develop any lasting attachment
to members of the pack. Packs come and packs go, but
Canis endures. Just because she doesn't assume human
form doesn't mean that Canis is any less a Cainite than her
bipedal cousins. While she can't (or won't) communicate
beyond the abilities of her form, she is quite skilled in a
variety of Disciplines, both those natural to her bloodline
and those favored by other clans.

While Canis's companionship is not for sale, her
abilities as a guardian and a messenger are. It is well
known that she accepts tutoring in Disciplines, blood,
shelter and future favors, in that order of preference.
Though she makes a fine runner and guardian, Canis's
primary talent is her ability as a scout. She is a naturally
superb tracker whose instincts have been honed by
centuries of practice. Only very skilled and very lucky
Cainites can slip her noose when she hunts, no matter
how cold their trail or how fast they run.

Perhaps one or twice per decade, Canis and her pack
vanish to some foreign land in the company ofa petitioner
who requests her services as the leader of a hunt or war
party. While none of the local Cainites have, as yet,
needed her services, she has had passing contact with most
of the city's older vampiric residents. She has traveled
extensively, and a creature as peculiar as Canis has created
her own legend that makes her familiar to many.

The Constantinian Keeper of the Faith has given
Alexus Simocatta, the Tzimisce spy, a token to present
to Canis should her assistance become necessary in his
cause. This token, a small golden statue of a she-wolf, is
instantly recognizable to Canis as part of a favor to be
repaid the Dracon and the Keeper.

Image: Canis appears as a large canine, with a
mixture of jackal and vulpine features. While she does
notnormally appear to be anything more than a feral dog
ofsome sort, Canis does use her Disciplines regularly, and
she isjustas intelligent as most of the Cainites who might
challenge her.

Roleplaying Hints: You perceive yourself as a
canine, with the self-image and basic mannerisms of a
large dog. However, you are hardly a dumb animal; you
choose to run with a pack and live in a dog-like fashion.
Youare a sixth generation Cainite, and just as clever and
ruthless as your fellows under the Curse of Caine. Unlike
most of your fellows, however, you are not a self-aggran-
dizing pawn in the wars of the elders. While you know all


about the so-called Jyhad, you are not a victim of ennui.
Dogs need no diversions from the eternal boredom of
existence. You chose long ago to only become involved
in the war of ages in a peripheral fashion, and only as far
as it benefits you — usually by offering the opportunity
of diablerie or education in the Disciplines.

Haven: Canis currently lairs with a half-dozen
strays in a monastery burnt during the crusader sack of
the city, 10 miles from the city walls. During the day she
sleeps beneath the earth floor of the rubble-choked
wine cellar, while by night she and her pack hunt far
and wide. Canis is quite intelligent about her predation
— she ranges across the region, keeping her pack small
and her kills distributed so that no serious effort is made
to root her out.

Secrets: If the Cainites of Jerusalem realized how
many of their secrets that the soft-pawed Canis and her
pack had ferreted out, they would no doubt be much
more concerned about her presence near them. While
Canis isn't very well informed as to the plans of the local
Cainites, she knows almost everything there is to know
about their habits and havens. She even knows a great
deal about the movements of the enigmatic vampire
Mandalay. Shortly after characters arrive, she will also
know almost everything about them unless they are
exceptionally crafty.

Influence: Canis ultimately trusts only Canis. How-
ever, a fairly large number of elder Cainites have enjoyed
her companionship over the centuries, and others are
grateful to her concluding the existence of various foes.
This includes Michael of Constantinople and the Dracon,
with whom she lived asa companion foralmostacentury
during the heyday of the Dream. Cainites who push
Canis too far or seek her blood are likely to find out just
how many old friends she has.

Destiny: Canis succumbs to her Beast at the begin-
ning of the 17th century. Almost a decade later, in 1640,
she and her pack are brought to heel by a band of
Christian sorcerers and vampire-hunters. Backed by a
squadron of the provincial governor's light cavalry, the
wizards and holy men ride her down over the course of
three days. At theirhands, one of the most ancient of the
Middle East's Cainites meets her end.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 6th

Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: 6 — in dog years

Physical: Strength 4 (Ferocious), Dexterity 4 (Feral
Grace), Stamina 5 (Tireless)

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5 (Keen), Intelligence 2, Wits 5
(Combat Nerves)

Talents: Alertness 4 (Crowds), Athletics 4 (Running),
Brawl (Bite), Dodge 4 (Leap), Intimidation 5
(Staredowns), Leadership 3

Skills: Stealth 4 (Prowl), Survival 5 (Tracking)
Knowledges: Investigate 3, Linguistics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 3, Celerity 5, Domi-
nate 2, Fortitude 7, Obfuscate 4, Potence 4, Presence 2,
Protean 6

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Status 3

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 4, Courage 5

Road: Road of the Beast 9

Willpower: 9

HAKKON

Background: At little after the year 900 CE, as
Christians measure time, aman anda woman fell in love.
The man wasnamed Hakkon Armulfsson, and the woman,
Thorhalla. Hakkon was a great reaver and the son of a
petty king; Thorhalla was a Walkurie, one of the childer
of the Gangrel Methuselah known as the All-High. The
two met in high summer in Trondheim.

Hakkon was in the Trond gathering men to build
ships and vike south the next spring. Thorhalla had
come, in her shining mail, to witness a holmgang involv-
ing another hero, Ulf Grimmson. If he performed
admirably or won, he was to be given the blood oath and
taken to the All-High's temple at Uppsala to server as
one of his ei . Unfortunately, more famous men
had takenall the skilled crew before Hakkon arrived, and
Ulf Grimmson died on his knees, begging for mercy like
a toddler. Hakkon and Thorhalla met as they wandered

we
" %

TTT
IRA

Ss
pied Oe


disappointed outside Trondheim in the late evening.
They fell in love over the next several nights; Thorhalla
confessed her unliving state to Hakkon, told him of her
service to the All-High and what he would have to
accept to be with her.

After Hakkon accepted Thorhalla's Embrace,
they dallied over the course of the summer, until
Thorhalla's fellow Walkure came to retrieve her.
Thorhalla told Hakkon to flee to the south, since it
was inevitable that the All-High would find out
about Hakkon's creation. The young hero had al-
ready learned the wolf-form trick, and he went first
east and then south, careful of Lupines and other
Cainites. He traveled first to Byzantium, where a
cousin was serving in the Varagian Guard. But when
he arrived there, he found his cousin imprisoned and
the city crawling with Cainites. With their laws and
their twisted blood-families, all that was there for a
brave man was senseless death in someone else's war,
without even riches or glory.

So Hakkon traveled south to the lands of the dark-
skinned Muslim. His wanderings took him all the way to
Alexandria before turning back to Jerusalem, as he
vowed his steel and his strength to those who could pay
for strong and savage mercenaries. Over the years he has
fought for and against many sides in many battles. His
claws have drawn blood from Assamites for the Setites
and Setites for the Fatimid Brujah. Following the latter
change of alliances, a trip to more northerly climes
seemed in order.

Hakkon spent several years as a wastrel following his
flight from Egypt. By the time the First Crusade arrived,
he had been dwelling for some time in a "hall" outside
Jerusalem's walls, with a few transplanted Northmen as
his herd. With their fair skin and knowledge of Christ-
god lore, he and his men became mercenaries for the
invading Europeans. They assisted in the sack of the city
but wisely stayed outside the walls during the Weeks of
Madness, earning bulging pockets and a well-deserved
reputation among the crusaders.

He and his band lived fairly well over the follow-
ing decades. His men and ghouls work as guards to the
tich, and the whole lot of them eat meat and drink
wine every night. While the Gangrel is a bit of a
cultural anomaly, to the Muslims he's just another
mad Franj, just as he was another part of the surreal
Saracen landscape to the Latin kings. After the return
of Jerusalem to Muslim hands, Hakkon and his men
became escorts and enforcers for rich pilgrims instead.
They generally prefer to keep to the mortal communi-
ties, and stay out of the mainstream of Jerusalem's
Cainite politics.

Recently, Hakkon heard about the burning of
Uppsala from a Swedish trader. Since then, he has been

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

desperate for rumors. Word of the All-High's fall has
rekindled in Hakkon the desire to return home, tosee the
land of his birth and to search for his love Thothalla. His
ghouls, of course, are equally enthusiastic; how can they
not be?

For the last year, he and his men have been working
twice as hard as ever (that is, actually pulling an honest
night's work) to raise money fora ship and the provisions
they'll need for the journey northward. Any Cainites
who can provide Hakkon with information on the con-
dition of the High North, especially of the All-High and
the Walkure, will gain his eternal friendship. Those who
try to convince him that times have changed or that he
may no longer have a place in the North will be scoffed
at and called gutless women.

Image: Hakkon is a strong-shouldered, handsome
man with a shock of bright red hair, the legacy of a
mother kidnapped from Ireland. With good teeth anda
broad, unpocked face, Hakkon is quite attractive. His
skin is covered in the scars of scrapes and cuts, however.
From the contrast between his somewhat sunburned skin
and his vampiric pallor, he seems like a man recovering
from long illness.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a true Norse hero and
a real man. You fear nothing and nobody. You take
what you want, say what you want and do what you
want, no matter how outrageous the deed might be. On
the other hand, you aren't stupid. There's a difference
between fear and prudence. Your fearlessness is based
on your understanding that everyone is equal when you
catch them in a bad situation. You are loyal to your
men, impulsive as a teenager, and almost totally with-
out respect for anything but brute force. You are also
crafty, lucky and really, really tough, which helps ex-
plain your continued survival.

Haven: Hakkon lives in a traditional Norse feast
hall modified for the hot Middle Eastern climate. While
the hall is long and low and narrow, with bunking along
the side, each section of wall is held to the studs with a
bar-and-stable system, rather than pegs or nails, allow-
ing the walls to be removed and the hall made into a
wholly or partially open-air pavilion. It also has a tile
roof and slate-shingled walls for fire resistance, and the
knock-out walls largely prevent the old tactic of hall-
burning from working.

Secrets: Hakkon wouldn't know a secret if it bit
him. He's never even met half the Cainites in the city,
and has never even heard of Mandalay or Canis. Azif the
Brujah knows of him, though, and is considering using
Hakkon's forces as muscle if the struggles with Boniface
and Etheria get rough.

Influence: Hakkon leads a pack of strong men who
are familiar with the important mortals of the area, since
they work as their bodyguards. While nobody is going to


doanything for them voluntarily, the concept of bribery
or even extortion is quite familiar to Hakkon. Cainites
with direct influence over a field may be able to block
Hakkon with playful ease, but he knows exactly where to
start spreading the money around to get what he wants.
Hakkon also has a great deal of money saved up, though
he's tight-fisted at the moment.

Destiny: Hakkon and his men travel successfully to
the High North, where they become part of the vargr
community. After several decades of fruitless searching
for his beloved Thorhalla, Hakkon enters torpor, where
hestays until the present day when the awakening of the
Walkurie draws him out of his slumber.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Thorhalla

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 905 CE

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 4 (Broad Shoulders), Dexterity 3,
Stamina 4 (Laughs at Pain)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4 (Nerves
of Steel)

Talents: Alertness 4 (Ambushes), Athletics 3 (Swim-
ming), Brawl 3 (Grappling), Dodge 3 (Sidestep),
Intimidation 3, Leadership 4 (By Example)

Skills: Archery 2, Melee 4 (Axes), Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Linguistics 2
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4,
Potence 3, Protean 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 3, Retainers 4, Status 2
Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Road: Road of the Einherjar 8

Willpower: 7

LASOMBRA

The Lasombra clan has influenced or controlled
Jerusalem's religious patriarchy through influential pil-
grims and advisors for hundreds of years, though the
instability of the region has made maintaining this
control into a frustrating chore. Paliuro Rustucci of
Genoa and his retinue have been in permanent resi-
dence since the bloody crusader occupation of 1099.
Roman Catholic Father Paliuro all but ruled the Jerusa-
lem Cainitesas their prince until Salah al-Din's recapture
of the city less than a decade ago. However, his tenuous
hold on his remaining power is slipping along with his
sanity, as forces of faith and treachery assail him. Rival
Italian Lasombra have sent a childe of Narses of Venice

to deal with the entrenched Genoans, who in turn vie for
Paliuro's power by conspiring with Ventrue crusaders
and the Armenian Ravnos, Varsik.

FaTHER Pauiuro Rustuccl, ROMAN
CATHOLIC PRIEST

Background: Father Paliuro Rustucci was born
near Genoa in 683 CE, a haughty child of a noble
merchant family, sent at an early age to study as a priest
and learn the virtue of humility. His keen and organized
mind took to the reflowering faith within the Church,
but the sharp tongue hidden beneath his beatific coun-
tenance did not endear him to his elders. The young
Paliuro took to retreating to the extensive church
libraries at nights, poring over tomes of historical reli-
gious doctrines as he became convinced that his own
insights on faith rivaled that of his teachers. It was a
testament to his charisma and his growing influence
among the other young parishioners that he survived
his insolence.

During these evening studies, Paliuro absorbed much.
of modern Catholic philosophy, including histories of
the Emperor Constantine's generous and ideologically
critical construction of Jerusalem's churches. The pres-
ence and faith of the Church was what supported
community and civilization, providing purpose and place
to all, from the lowliest peasant to the highest patriarch
—Constantine had been blessed with the vision and the

might to make this possible. Paliuro raged with anger
that infidels should now occupy the Holy City, restrict-
ing the flow of believers through their oppressive taxes,
and this idealistic conviction combined with an unques-
tionable mastery of Church doctrine gave his sermons a
fiery intensity.


Paliuro's increasing influence within the Genoese
scholars and military merchants, secular and religious,
soon attracted the attention of Enrico, second to the
Genoese Lasombra prince — the lad's conviction com-
bined with a learned background would make Paliuro a
powerful ally. Enrico began to advise the young priest on
matters of Catholic discipline, and intrigued Paliuro
with his own intimate knowledge of the Church's his-
tory and its rise to glory.

Enrico visited Paliuro over the course of months,
engaging in discussions ranging over topics from the
strength of the Holy Roman hierarchy and the account-
ability of cardinals to the morality of forced conversions
and salvation of the pagan. It was during a visionary
dialogue on the God-given immortality of the spirit that
Paliuro expressed his deep desire to someday see Jerusa-
lem returned to Catholic hands. The Lasombra sire
offered Paliuro an immortal's lifetime to preach as an
empowered disciple, and — God willing — to see the
Holy Land restored to the control of true believers.
Paliuro sensed the power to impose his own interpreta-
tion of doctrine, and freely chose the childer of the
shadows' Embrace.

Paliuro's influence grew with Enrico's treacherous
rise to power in 797 CE and the pope's ritual crowning
of Charlemagne as Holy Roman Emperor in 800 CE.
However, he grew frustrated with the subtle delicacies of
Church politics and with the decades that passed be-
tween moves in the struggles of Lasombra and Ventrue
power games. After a bitter theological outburst in front
of the representatives of the Patriarch of Pisa one night,
Enrico calmly suggested that his childe's passions might
best be calmed on pilgrimage.

Paliuro spent the next several years traveling with
Genoese merchants and sailors, with wise captains trad-
ing safe transport for the inspiration Paliuro invoked in
their crews. His dark presence and magnetic sermons
could invoke terror in unbelieving mortals; their suppli-
cations after his proselytizing were usually quickly
followed with tributes that filled the ship's coffers.

He arrived in Jerusalem for the first time as a noble
pilgrim in 820 CE, escorted by an elaborate and sumptu-
ous retinue. Though Jerusalem was prosperous, civilized
and open at this time, the Cainite chafed at the Muslim
jizya taxes and the outrageous rumor that Christians
were being required to tattoo their names on their hands.
He petitioned the patriarch and made considerable
contributions to renovations of the Church of the Holy
Sepulcher (hewn by the Toreador Elsh), after discover-
ing it outdated and unworthy compared to the more
impressive cathedrals of Italy.

Paliuro departed Jerusalem not long after seeing his
donations mostly used for repairs and piddled away on
taxes. He spent another century continuing his conver-

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

sion campaigns to little end, but solidifying his signifi-
cant influence and even garnering respect as his
temperament settled. Paliuro was finally granted the
privilege of Embrace in 980 CE, choosing Pacifico as a
vicious and strong ally and bonding the promising but
aggressive youth in a blood oath to ensure his loyalty.
The pair and their retainers returned to Genoa in 990
CE, and worked to strengthen the elder Lasombra's
family position through the years of the Catholic Schism.

All of this changed with Pope Urban I!'s call for the
First Crusade in 1095. Paliuro petitioned his sire for
permission to join Robert of Flanders' forces bound for
Jerusalem; the destruction of the Church of the Holy
Sepulcher was a deep personal affront for him. With the
recapture of the city, the forces of the crusaders would
need immediate guidance from the organization of the
Church. Enrico, seizing the opportunity to control Ca-
tholicism in Jerusalem and gain leverage over the hated
Byzantines, naturally acceded.

Over the months Paliuro traveled with his ghouled
knight, Sebastian of Genoa, and his enthralled childe
Pacifico; they rode through Greece and Byzantium with
the main force of the crusaders. In this time Paliuro
keenly traded favor for favor, allying his clerical influ-
ence with that of the Ventrue among the military. His
ambitions were to come to fruition with the blessings of
the pope: he would see the Holy City recaptured with his
own eyes, position his own loyal patriarch, and preach
the strength of the Lord from the Church of the Holy
Sepulcher itself.

The momentous liberation of Jerusalem finally took
place in 1099, when the north wall fell and the invading
army overran the city. Inspired to violent frenzy by the
massacre of thousands by the forces of the Cross, and
draining combatant after combatant, Paliuro was also
seared to the soul by the True Faith of his fated destina-
tion at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher. Since that
night he has had haunting dreams of the agony and the
ecstasy of his own demented redemption, recapturing by
destruction what he had once peacefully tried to restore
to glory.

However, the pain and blood lust that torment
Paliuro also serve to make him stronger and more vicious
in his dealings with the other Cainites of Jerusalem,
whom he sees as either useful pawns or infidel unbeliev-
ers. In the years preceding Salah al-Din's recapture of the
city, he had ruthlessly assumed his self-made role as
prince and used Pacifico, Varsik and other crusader
Cainites to restore a steady flow of rich and influential
Catholic pilgrims into the city.

Infidel Arabs and Jews now conspire to control the
city of Jerusalem and the surrounding territories. Paliuro
is calling in favors from the Ventrue crusaders and the
Ravnos Varsik, an Armenian Catholic and trusted true


believer himself. The continued influx of merchant
funds gives Paliuro material resources, but he is finding
it successively more difficult to discern allies from trai-
tors. With diablerie by the cowardly Assamitesa constant
threat, Paliuro seeks safe haven in one of the few loca-
tions in the city he believes no Cainite assassin could
dare enter.

With the assistance of the Cappadocian Marcus,
Paliuro is purifying himself through pain, undergoing
rites in soundproofed catacombs beneath the Holy Sep-
ulcher. The church and its surroundings he claimed as
hisown domain since his return to Jerusalem, and he will
notsurrender the symbol of the Catholic presence in the
Holy City to Muslim forces or to the liberal and weak
Greek Orthodox. The deliciously mad memories of the
first night's massacre and faith in divine inspirations
lend him the strength to endure, as the Church endures.
Recently God has even sent Salah al-Din to his death,
and it is only a matter of time until the City of Holies is
returned to its rightful owners.

Image: Paliuro was once dark and beautiful, the
ideal of Genoese manhood. Though he still maintains
some of this beauty, he now bears a foreboding presence
and the torments he endures nightly are drawing wrinkle
chasms across his flesh. However, his gripping sermons
still carry the full force of his charisma, and he can soothe
orscare pilgrims and congregations with the hypnotizing
intensity of his conviction.

Roleplaying Hints: You believe your faith to be
greater than that of all others, and your calling to be
divine. The smallest slight offends you. You demand all
of the deference due your position, never mind that
Christians no longer rule here. Privately, your convic-
tion borders on obsession as you attempt to gather and
control your allies. Others may be manipulated by allow-
ing them to think that you are shallow, cruel, pious or
insane; use them all to your equal advantage.

Haven: Father Paliuro havens in the catacombs
proximate to the Church of the Holy Sepulcher. This is
not a pleasant experience for him; less so for anyone
seeking to visit him.

Influence: Father Paliuro's influence is enormous,
and his contacts range wide. He knows of nearly all
influential pilgrims who enter and leave the city, but he
is allowing his merchant contacts to be delegated to
Varsik and Pacifico as he grows more obsessed with his
own personal safety. His security has been further chal-
lenged by the recentarrival of Narses's puppet Magdalena;
Paliuro believes she can be managed and guided by
playing the Assamites against her, but she must be
watched carefully.

Destiny: A never-ending spiraling vortex of doom
awaits the priest. Paliuro meets his Final Death in the

Khwarazmian invasion of Jerusalem and desecration of

the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in 1244 CE.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Enrico

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 717 CE

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5 (Captivating), Manipulation 3,
Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5 (Insightful), Intelligence 5 (Knowl-
edgeable), Wits 4 (Shrewd)

Talents: Acting 4 (Religious Awe), Empathy 3, Intimi-
dation 4 (Subtle Hints), Larceny 3, Leadership 5 (Orate),
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 5 (Courtly Manners), Herbalism 2,
Ride 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 6 (Theology), Investigation
3, Linguistics 5 (Diplomatic), Occult 4 (Ancient Wis-
dom), Politics 5 (Religious)

Disciplines: Dominate 5, Fortitude 4, Obtenebration 6,
Potence 4, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Influence 4, Resources 3,
Retainers 3, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Road: Road of Heaven 10
Willpower: 9

PaciFICO GRILLATI

Background: Pacifico Grillati has been set to a task
that he finds somewhat demeaning: he passes his time as
a translator in the al-Bismaristan al-Salahi Hospital in
the Tanner's Quarter, gathering information and pro-
viding the occasional safe haven to feed for other Cainites.
Hedrivesacleverand shrewd bargain with those in need,
but also understands that many have long memories and
honor that will not forget a ‘favor.' However, he is
beginning to resent being kept away from the main
action of Cainite city politics, and sees his ambitions as
frustrated by Paliuro's single-mindedness.

He ought to be used to being in this position;
Pacifico is from the most powerful family in a very small
town outside of Rome, close enough to know about the
political maneuverings of the city, but too far away to
actually play a role in it. Shortly after Pacifico's father
died, the young man found himself first admired and
then Embraced by Paliuro, when the former began a bold
move to vastly increase his family's holdings. Pacifico's
henchmen planted evidence of diabolical heresies in the
houses of his rivals, allowing Pacifico himself to lead the


tighteous townsfolk to take to the torch and purge the
rival families from the land. What Paliuro knew — but
Pacifico did not — was that one rival was an obstreper-
ous Gangrel who was worthy of elimination.

The Genoese father courted the youth with gifts,
and upon their meeting told him of the wider treasures
of the world awaiting their alliance. He cloaked his
promises in half-truths and shade, luring Pacifico
with grand dreams spun from the power of the clergy
combined with the financial support of the merchant
military. Pacifico, ever tempted by powers that seemed
just within his reach, willingly allowed the shadows to
enclose him.

Over their years together, Paliuro kept Pacifico
close at hand, and soon Pacifico became an enforcer as
well as emissary. To assure the arrogant, younger
Lasombra's unswerving loyalty, Pacifico fed him drops
of his own blood over the turbulent decade of the
Schism, and treated him kindly and firmly to cement
the bond of their blood oath. When the call for Crusade
came, there was no place for Paliuro but by his regent's
side; privately, he was also thrilled with the prospect of
foreign intrigue and excess.

In the years of Catholic occupation, Pacifico
enjoyed the funds brought in by appreciative pilgrims,
and indulged in the lifestyle of power and wealth that
he felt was his right as a noble and a Lasombra. He
held a house of his own, was empowered with his own
ghouls by Father Paliuro and invited common amuse-
ments to the city to entertain clerical and secular
guests. However, with the recapture of the city, Pacifico
has been required to relinquish his much of his wealth.
He cares less and less for the politics of mortals, so

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

long as those who do tule ensure his wealth and
pleasure.

Considerably more pragmatic and less idealistic than
Father Paliuro, Pacifico was nowhere near as affected by
the slaughter that followed the Crusader victory —
perhaps because he was restrained enough to feed on
weak refugees instead of frenzying through the captured
city. Now as his power is dwindling with the recapture of
the city, he resents his sire's obsessions, the growing
"friendship" of the Ravnos Varsik with Paliuro and his
own relegation to the status of hospital toady.

Pacifico is beginning to think about broadening his
own base of power; in fact, he is just barely starting to
entertain the notion of open defiance. Surely there are
powerful Arabs whom he might turn his eye to, for
among them are many people of knowledge and proper
breeding. If he were to begin Embracing a few childer of
his own, perhaps he would be able to begin building his
own loyal following and start directly controlling little
of the action himself again.

The weakness of this strategy is a sympathy for the
Salubri Aisha that Pacifico never anticipated. Her spiri-
tual heights and depths, her compassion and simplicity
and her indefatigable devotion to a higher cause are
something that been have as absent to Pacifico's life as
faith in any God but the Church. Her sympathetic
consultations with him may have undermined his ag-
gressive bravado just enough.

Image: Pacifico appears to be a proper Lasombra, in
the classic suave Lasombra style. He is well kept and
superior, carrying an air of courtly splendor even in the
hospital robes he now wears.

Roleplaying Hints: You're out for yourself, and of
that there should be no doubt. In any situation, ask about
the potential advantage to you? You are crafty, cunning
and maybe a little sly. You understand that Paliuro has
descended into madness, yet he still provides a useful
distraction as you gather your conspiracies.

Haven: A room deep in the slumbering gloom of the
hospital, surrounded with malevolent shadows of death
and despair is home to the ambitious Lasombra.

Secrets: Pacifico has decided to allow the Salubri,
Aisha, to take refuge within the hospital. Her position is
precarious now that Saulot has been diablerized, and if
anyone ever finds out that she is there, he will undoubt-
edly loudly proclaim his magnanimity. She thinks she is
gathering information for Pacifico to pass along to Paliuro,
but more to his advantage, she is also unwittingly watch-
ing for likely candidates for Pacifico to Embrace as he
starts building his own power base.

Influence: Pacifico's influence is growing — at
least, among disenchanted Lasombra. He has exchanged
favors with those among the crusader Ventrue, but he is


careful not to let any get too close. Leufruy of Provence
seems congenial, but Vicelin of Marseilles is a bit too
fanatical for Pacifico's taste.

Destiny: Pacifico thinks he will have sufficient
political strength to tackle the Lasombra power structure
in Jerusalem in, oh, seventy or ninety years. In fact, he
returns to Genoa after Paliuro's demise, eventually enter-
ing the Sabbat and falling during that sect's civil war.
Clan: Lasombra
Sire: Paliuro Rustucci
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Defender
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 980 CE
Apparent Age: late 30s
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 3, Herbalism 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Dominate 2, Obtenebration 3,
Potence 2, Presence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Influence 1, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Road: Road of Humanity 4
Willpower: 6

MaGpaALENA CASTELUCCI BORCELLINO

Background: Magdalena is the only daughter of
the marriage merger of two great Venetian shipping
dynasties: the House of Castelucci and Borcellino and
Sons. She was brought up as a proper daughter, spend-
ing her time learning to play simple musical
instruments, producing fine needlework (nothing prac-
tical, of course!) and learning languages sufficient to
beacredit to her family. She also learned to follow the
dinner conversations that involved overseas trade.
These conversations introduced her to the new ideas
and products brought by the traders. She learned —
albeit unintentionally — about balance sheets, the
changing politics of far-distant regions and the value
of a shrewd bargain.

Stunningly lovely, magnetically engaging and well-
endowed, Magdalena found that her suitability as a lady
—as well as her discerning nature — soon became a
topic of considerable speculation among Venetian no-
bility. She attracted the attention of Narses, who courted
her with a series of simple and elegant candlelit meet-
ings, each in a more exotic and remote location than the

NS

Z th
last. Magdalena was privately enchanted but frustrated
with the Cainite's refusals of her own invitations, and
she eventually married another.

When fighting among merchant houses in Venice
erupted in 933 CE, Magdalena was caught on the road
and made a fine target for kidnap and ransom — or
bloodletting. Her entourage was ambushed and slain by
assassins in the employ of a rival house one evening near
dusk, and Magdalena herself was captured. Riding away
with their prize, the attackers were confronted that night
by a vengeful specter. One assassin was smothered with
darkness, while another's skin smoldered to ashes. In the
ensuing melee, Magdalena's throat was cut, her blood
running free evenas her killer was torn limb from limb by
beasts carved from inky blackness.

Magdalena awoke to find Narses by her side, and
with her first feeding he explained the cost that must be
paid for her return to being. God had created their brood
with purpose, and they would bring the wealth and
influence of their families to power to celebrate beauty
and punish the weak, the deformed, the impure. She has
loyally stayed within his retinue since that night, and
lends her own insights and presence to his power at
gatherings of his clan.

Narses has now sent Magdalena on pilgrimage to
Jerusalem, where she is to watch over Paliuro and his
childer and discover what influence she can garner.
Magdalena is coming to the conclusion that Paliuro is
losing his grip on reality even more quickly than Narses
had assumed; his obsession is already his undoing, with
the wrenching of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher from
Italian to Greek Orthodox hands by the Arabs. Paliuro's
childe, Pacifico, is something of an unknown; it is


difficult to decide whether he is as loyal to Paliuro as he
claims tobe. The Ventrue crusader, Leufruy of Provence,
is showing promise, however. And wouldn't it be amus-
ing to have a Ventrue bound to the Lasombra in
Jerusalem? That would be appropriate retribution for the
situation in Constantinople.

Image: Magdalena dresses as befits someone of her
rank and social class. Her dark hair is dressed elabo-
rately, and her gowns are encrusted with gold couched
threads. She usually has a piece of fine embroidery near
to hand; around her neck is a chatelaine holding her
carved ivory needle case and her gold stork-shaped
embroidery scissors.

Roleplaying Hints: You are regal, deigning only
occasionally to allow lesser beings to kiss your hand.
The role you play is second nature; you were raised to
do this as naturally as you breathed. Underneath,
however, you are a keen observer of social interac-
tions, noting everything, putting half pieces of
information together so well that the outline limned
tells the entire story. You value honor, strength,
beauty and clarity; confusion and deformity only serve
to blight the landscape.

Haven: Protected by her retinue of ghouls and
servants, Magdalena havens in her cramped home near
the Damascus Gate on the north wall of the city.

Secrets: Magdalena is finding all the political in-
trigues of Jerusalem to be an amusing challenge and, well,
enjoyable in an odd sort of way. Isn't that preposterous?
Unfortunately, there is one secret Narses himself has not
shared with her: his role in the so-called Cainite Heresy.
Were evidence of this to be presented to Magdalena, her
worldview would no doubt be severely shaken.

Influence: Magdalena's influence is far-reaching
and growing. She has the backing of Narses of Venice,
along with her ties to powerful merchant families, and
has a close relationship with Bishop Alfonzo in
Constantinople. She seeks to control Varsik, assuming
that his merchant connections imply merchant sensi-
bilities and goals, although she's beginning to think that
Azif and his childer may serve her purposes better. She
is considering enlarging her power base in the Cainite
community by asking the Toreador, Elsh, to construct a
larger home for her.

Destiny: Magdalena is discovering that she is bet-
ter at intrigue and manipulation than she thought she
would be. While it will be many centuries before she
won't be hampered quite so much socially by her gender,
she becomes adept in finding her way in what remains a
man's world. Magdalena returns to Italy, and is an
enthusiastic and successful player of power politics for
centuries to come. She vanishes around the time the
clan elder is destroyed, and there are persistent rumors
that she has taken up with the antitribu.

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Narses of Venice

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 933 CE

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4 (Light Touch),
Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4 (Charming), Manipulation 4 (Per-
suasive), Appearance 5 (Striking Looks)

Mental: Perception 4 (Insightful), Intelligence 4 (Sharp
Memory), Wits 4 (Clever)

Talents: Acting 4 (Feign Emotions), Alertness 3, Em-
pathy 3, Intimidation 4 (Subtle Hints), Leadership 4
(Compelling), Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 4 (Courtly Manners),
Herbalism 2, Music 2, Ride 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Hearth Wisdom 1, Linguis-
tics 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 4, Obtenebration 4,
Potence 2, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Narses of Venice), Contacts 4,
Influence 2, Resources 4, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Road: Road of Heaven 5

Willpower: 6

Ma&LKAVIANS

The Malkavians of Jerusalem, as elsewhere, have
no coherent organization. Al-Hakim The Lizard, a
vicious persecutor of Christian, Jew and Muslim alike,
has arrived in Jerusalem to finish the destruction of
holy sites he had started as the Caliph of Cairo in the
early 11th century. Al-Hakim may have found un-
usual allies — the Setites — on his tortured path from
Cairo to Jerusalem. Then again, who can say what al-
Hakim found —or thinks he found? Brother Bernardus
seeks salvation for his murderous Beast and peace from
his flaring madness of temper by assisting the hospitals
in their missions of mercy and compassion, trading his
own gifts of dementia with the peace of lucidity as he
traffics the masquerading hunted through his own
haunted shadows. A dancing soothsayer, cursed and
blessed with her own brand of madness, has also
become important in the struggles between Muslim
and Christian Brujah.

Madness tends to be solitary; this is a good thing.
Malkavians in and around Jerusalem probably have no
particular reason for being there — or anywhere else in
particular — beyond whatever personal voices drive


them individually. Terror and treachery entice; torment
and temptation thrill.

Au-Haxm, THE Lizard

Background: Al-Hakim has been trying to knit
the two halves of his heritage into a unified whole all
of his life. He is the son of a Muslim father — a

Muslim father so prominent and so religious that he
was Caliph of Cairo — and a Christian mother. This
is certainly allowable in Islamic law (Christians
worship the same deity as Muslims, after all), but
being "tainted" with Christian blood while his fa-
ther was the city's Muslim religious leader gave
al-Hakim plenty of opportunity to ponder his role in
the religious hierarchy. His father died while al-
Hakim was still a minor, and suddenly al-Hakim
found himself thrust into the caliphacy.

To no one's surprise, al-Hakim was not a suc-
cessful caliph.

He was, however, a successful ghoul of Hassan abu
Khalid, who was interested in gaining and maintain-
ing control of the region. Speaking on behalf of his
sire, al-Hakim ordered churches and synagogues de-
stroyed, all across the lands over which he had
influence. When Muslims objected that Jews and
Christians were protected in their worship, al-Hakim
ordered that mosques also be destroyed. In a fit of
vindictiveness against his co-religionists, he restored
their lands to the Jews and Christians — but he did
not go so far as to fund the rebuilding of the structures
he had ordered destroyed. The strain of maintaining
asense of reality grounded in anything other than his
own whims took its toll. Al-Hakim realized at this
point that he was truly the reincarnation of Allah, not

ae, ES ao

merely mortal, and that he had returned to earth to
impart new wisdom. Because he was Allah, Muslims
should turn toward whatever city he was in when they
prayed, and they should substitute his name for Allah's
in their ritual prayers.

As the Muslims rioted, al-Hakim wandered through
Cairo untouched, unseen and unchallenged. Eventually
he got on his horse, collected his small retinue, and rode
away from the city.

His sire, Hassan abu Khalid (who was rarely lucid
himself) Embraced al-Hakim while the latter was
sauntering away from the rioters demonstrating against
him in Cairo, their anger ignited by his religious
persecution of his own fellow believers. Abu Khalid
would come to regret, albeit briefly, his act of impetu-
osity. He had intended to reward al-Hakim for being
a faithful ghoul while Caliph of Cairo, but in the next
moments mad al-Hakim found abu Khalid's throat
and diablerized him. He then proceeded to ghoul his
own retinue, for al-Hakim reasoned that since he had
been a ghoul himself once — his devout followers
should rejoice in being able to follow so closely in his
divine footsteps.

Al-Hakim no longer has any formal interest in the
caliphacy or in earthly trappings of power that he left
behind. He finds it moderately amusing that the mosque
he built (and named after himself) in Cairo in 1013
still stands, but his amusement lies primarily in the
knowledge that he actually constructed the mosque so
that the worship could be directed toward himself, the
new Allah.

Jerusalem is his current obsession. Al-Hakim is, after
all, Allah. And Jerusalem is the city sacred to Allah. And
God. And Yahweh. That one God should have three
names makes perfect sense to al Hakim — with different
names being used by different groups, he can keep track
of who is beseeching him at any moment. Al-Hakim's
rightful place is where his worshipers can appreciate him
— and that rightful place is obviously the center of the
religious world: Jerusalem.

There are problems with this semi-divine comedy,
however. While al-Hakim's obsession is fueled by a
scheming Setite, Abdullah al-Sathaja, he is coming
under increasing scrutiny from the Ventrue and
Lasombra Christians, who are beginning to realize
that it is this al-Hakim who was responsible for the
destruction of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in
1009. It will only take one failure in silencing a
babbling priest or one hidden moment of sanity among
the true faithful for Paliuro or Lucius to catch his stink
on the wind. However, if they choose to hunt al-
Hakim and his followers, they run the risk of
encountering a unified Muslim outrage from both
Cainite and kine.

CHAPTER FOUR: CHINITES OF JREUSALEM


Image: Al-Hakim has the bearing and dignity of
a caliph with the imperial attitude to match. He
dresses with dignity and elegance, but this does not
begin to hide the fact that his sobriquet, "the Mad," is
well deserved.

Roleplaying Hints: You are arrogant, in a clearly
megalomaniacal sort of way. You are Allah and you
expect obedience from your followers, and become an-
noyed with and punish the disobedient. Threats of
divine retribution are always in order should your whims
not be obeyed.

Haven: For the moment, al-Hakim has set up
quarters near al-Aqsa Mosque. Once his divinity is
recognized, he intends to dwell in the mosque itself.

Secrets: It is only a matter of time before al-
Hakim is recognized as the new Allah. He really is
Allah, you know.

Influence: Al-Hakim's influence — like his pres-
tige — is almost as illusory as a mirage in the Sahara.
With Abdullah's assistance, he has gathered a small herd
whom he has "blessed" with enlightenment of his own
holy nature.

Destiny: Al-Hakim will remain convinced that he
is Allah for the remainder of his existence. He will
demand that he be treated with respect, and that he be
the recipient of worshipful prayers. He will, several
centuries from now, be so convinced of his deific state
that he decides that he can overcome the Cainite
prohibition against sunlight by his own will. To the
surprise of no one except al-Hakim himself and his few
remaining followers, the attempt fails.

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Hassan abu Khalid

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1021

Apparent Age: early 50s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4 (Oblivious)
Social: Charisma 4 (Commanding), Manipulation 5
(Persuasive), Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 3, Leader-
ship 4 (Compelling), Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 1, Stealth 1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Law 1, Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dementation 4, Dominate 2,
Obfuscate 2, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Retainers 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 2
Road: Road of Heaven 8

Willpower: 4

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

BROTHER BERNARDUS

Background: Poor Brother Bernardus is a large,
burly man who usually just seems lost and confused.
He's not sure where he's from — Dorset, perhaps? Or
was it Dorestad? And he's not exactly sure how long
he's been wandering God's earth, either. At some
point in his past, however, he did join a group of
monastic Christians, and he does know that he is
affiliated with the Church. It seems unlikely, how-
ever, that the Church chooses to be affiliated any
longer with Brother Bernardus. He was driven out of
the monastery after losing his temper — in spite of
numerous reprimands — and shrieking at his brother
monks when they were not sufficiently penitent for
sins he decided they had committed.

Brother Bernardus is, nonetheless, deeply spiritual
in his own peculiar way. He believes that the Holy Spirit
has blessed him with the gift of tongues, or glossolalia, so
that he can speak with the language comprehensible to
all others of God's children. His "gift" also drives him to
preach (not always ina language understandable to mere
mortals) in an attempt to convert unbelievers to the
True Faith.

Brother Bernardus doesn't remember being Em-
braced, and he's not exactly sure when he came to
Jerusalem, either. He is, however, quite sure that he came
to the city with some other souls, most of whom had a
remarkable preference for oddly shaped metal hats. Yes,
he is quite sure about that part.

Bernardus is also very aware of the primal Beast that
resides within him, and the dark temptations to which
his weak soul must often surrender. The teachings of the
Church tell him that taking blood from others is bad, but


that constantly conflicts with the demands of his unliving
nature. In spite of Bernardus' best efforts to follow the
teachings of the Church, sometimes the Beast gets away
from him. In his feeble attempt at coherent thought,
Bernardus concludes that he must save the souls of the
unbelievers, lest they fall prey to a Cainite's feeding. It
seems to escape his attention, however, that he is the
Cainite who most endangers his listeners. Unfortu-
nately, Bernardus tends to lose his temper with those
who do not understand how very important it is that
their souls be saved.

Oddly, time spent with Christian pilgrims in the
hospitals seems to be the only thing that gives Bernardus
solace. He appears undisturbed by the screams and
agonized whimpering of the dying, sitting with them
and comforting them in their distress. Bernardus says
that he comprehends what the patients are saying in
their screams, and that they know that someone hears
them and understands. The Salubri Aisha bint Wahiba
says that the patients really do seem calmed by his
presence, as her kind words and steady demeanor also
serve to help calm his inner Beast. In return, burly
Bernardus escorts Aisha's fugitive fellow Salubri to and
from the city, though to him they are nothing more than
friendly pilgrims that share his beliefs, and thus must be
protected to the best of his ability.

Along with those who are ill or disabled, Brother
Bernardus deals well with innocent youths. He keeps an
eye on Yasmina, the Ravnos girl, as well as Hannah, the
crippled Nosferatu woman. He wishes he had healing
powersso that he could be of more direct help, but for now,
hetries to make sure they are safe as they wander thestreets.

Brother Bernardus finds animals less confusing than
humans, and he is almost able to relax where he havens
in the former Templars' stables. He is not so tempted to
go against God's will with the gentler creatures, and
finds that caring for lost animals is a way to bring about
moments of inner peace. Besides, it's frequently easier to
entice animals into coming within reach, even if their
blood isn't quite so tasty or pleasant as human blood.

Image: Brother Bernardus doesn't pay much atten-

tion to his appearance. His feet are callused, and his
body is covered with cast-off clothing that is warm
enough or cool enough for the season. The city's rubbish
heaps are the sources of his wardrobe.
Roleplaying Hints: You are simple-minded, straight-
forward, guileless — and extremely short tempered.
Raving and gibbering are appropriate when the spirit
takes you; violence is a more common reaction.

Haven: Brother Bernardus retreats to the stables
that were once maintained by the Knights Templars.

Secrets: If he had any secrets, Brother Bernardus
wouldn't remember them long enough to tell anyone.

He is utterly ignorant of the Salubri underground he aids

and abets, which serves their purposes perfectly.
Influence: None whatever... except for Brother

Bernardus's tendency to show up in odd places at odder

times, disrupting the orderly conduct of nightly exist-

ence with his ravings. Sometimes his ravings are

comprehensible — but the fact that he has been heard

doesn't necessarily imply that he has been believed.
Destiny: Brother Bernardus never regains his san-

ity, nor does he ever achieve any kind of balance

between the competing demands his psyche places

upon him. He is eventually destroyed, several centuries

down the road, by a couple of Ravnos who are tired of

him spooking the horses.

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 9th

Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 4 (Broad Shoulders), Dexterity 1,

Stamina 4 (Tireless)

Social: Charisma 4 (0 when raving), Manipulation 2,

Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 1

Talents: Brawl 4 (Grappling), Empathy 2, Intimidation 1

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 1, Herbalism 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 2,

Politics 1, Theology 2

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 4, Dementation 4,

Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 2, Potence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Herd 2, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 1, Courage 3

Road: Road of Heaven 9

Willpower: 2

JEANETTE D'AVIGNON

Background: Jeanette was born to a merchant
family in Avignon in 1125. She was a fey child, living
much of the time in her own fantasy world and given to
disturbingly wild inspirations of insight which were more
often true than not. Jeanette's natural allure and exciting
demeanor eventually inflamed the passions of a young
local innkeeper, who took her as his wife and lady. He
brought Jeanette to church, talked with her through her
more disturbing visions and directed her to stop listening
toher inner voices. The couple produced a daughter, and
her responsibilities to her family helped Jeanette control
herself as she settled into a quiet, respectable life.

However, denying her God-given visions was not
without its price, as they continued to find expression in


her slumber. One evening she awoke screaming at the
horrid vision of her three-year-old daughter Lise being
tossed lifelessly beneath the torrent of a flood. Days later,
as Jeanette was occupied with the laundry of the house-
hold, Lise fell into the Rhone and was swept downstream
to her doom.

Jeanette lost her mind — or more precisely, she lost

half of her mind. Unable to reconcile herself to the loss of
herchild, aportion ofher existence is now spent returning
tothe fanciful existence ofherchildhood. "Child" Jeanette
carries a doll with her, speaking to it and about it as if it is
real. She encourages it, disciplines it, bathes it, and tries
tomake sure the doll gets sufficient nourishment and sleep
to grow up straight and strong. "Adult" Jeanette carries
the doll around with her, too — but only so her daughter
doesn't misplace it and mourn its loss later. However, on
the rare occasions that another adult speaks to the doll as
ifitisachild, Jeanette invokes Dementation and wonders
aloud if they, too, see the child.

Neither "child" nor "adult" Jeanette remembers the
details of the Embrace. Her "adult" half recalls thinking
that it would be a very good idea to leave Avignon,
where life had suddenly become unbearable; the temp-
tations of the hunger had replaced the torment of her
dreams. With the funds that she gathered from her
husband's coffers, she departed Avignon in search of
anything to free her from the hunger and madness. For
atime, the child-woman ranged across the countryside,
barely surviving by the efforts of her Beast.

It was her "child" however, who decided that it
would be exciting to wander south with the pilgrims
heading to the recaptured Holy Land. They seemed like
an interesting and exciting band, from all over the

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

region. The pilgrim leader was sympathetic to her weak-
ened state and mental innocence, and charged her only
a small amount to join the band. To this day Jeanette
remembers this kindness of the pilgrims, and refuses to
dine on Christian pilgrims' blood.

The pilgrims Jeanette traveled with crossed paths
frequently with others, and it was on the pilgrim's road to
Jerusalem that Jeanette first encountered other Cainites.
She found the Ravnos to be particularly sympathetic,
and was entranced by their free spirit, their trickery and
their casual attitudes towards property. After a Ravnos
gave her an anklet of tiny brass bells in exchange for
stories of her former life in Avignon, she joined their
caravan, eventually becoming accepted and learning
how to feed with other Cainites.

While traveling with the Ravnos, Jeanette also
honed her skills as a seer. She learned not to question or
analyze, but rather to rely on her own perceptions and
hunches, regardless of what "truths" a person might have
spoken. She learned tales of ancient lore, how to use
herbs and incantations to make simple philters, and
danced to the music only she could hear.

The Ravnos band with whom Jeanette had been
traveling left Jerusalem after several months, but she
has decided to stay for a while longer. Both her selves
enjoy the company of Yasmina and Hannah, and she
is often their adult protector and child companion.
Varsik, for his part, is amused by her madness but
resents her growing fanciful influence over his childe.
He knows better than to believe the Malkavian's
twisted interpretations of Ravnos legends; her "in-
spired visions" are laughably pitiful in comparison to
his greater reality.

Instead, Jeanette has recently been sharing stories
and dances with the merchants and minstrels of Yusuf's
caravans, becoming drawn into the intrigue surrounding
the Brujah elders Azif and Boniface. Jared himself has
been impressed by Jeanette's soothsaying ability, and
twists her prolepsis and her knowledge to serve Azif.
Jeanette, both adult and child, is trusting and guileless in
these interactions, and believes most of what Jared tells
her —he is a traveling merchant storyteller, after all, so
much like her former Ravnos companions.

Though she has come to some understanding of her
Cainite nature, Jeanette also privately still hopes for
redemption. The City of Holies still may hold the bless-
ings that free her — and the youth — from the curse of
Caine, allowing them to live again and return to a
normal existence. In more earthly ways, Jeanette also
had best keep track of her daughter's doll; Lise will beso
angry if it's lost...

Image: Regardless of which personality is in control,
Jeanette looks as if she could belong to the Ravnos Clan


instead of the Malkavian. Given to flamboyant colors,
trailing gauze and tinkling bells, she skips, dances and
cavorts more than she walks down a street. Her auburn
hair is caught up in saucy curls, while her green eyes flash
with amusement.

Roleplaying Hints: As "child" Jeanette, talk to
(and about) your doll as if it were a toddler; use the doll
to bring others into the conversation, and play upon
adult sympathies. As "adult" Jeanette, protect the doll
and explain that you are keeping it safe for your own
daughter. Be playfully maternal and fiercely protective
with the child Cainites, and easily distracted by music
and dancing.

Haven: Jeanette stayed with the Ravnos outside of
town when she first arrived in Jerusalem. Now she has
found haven in the catacombs and caves beneath Temple
Mount, formerly known as the Stables of Solomon.

Secrets: That wide-eyed Ravnos child, Yasmina,
looks much like the daughter Jeanette thought had died
—isit possible that the Ravnos have taken her child and
renamed her? Jeanette has also heard rumors of Paliuro's
protection rituals in the Holy Sepulcher, and searches
her visions to discover if these rituals might be proof of
the holy site's powers of resurrection.

Influence: Jeanette's only significant influence is
with the youth of the city, who view her as a curious
combination of playmate and protector. Yusuf,and through
him Azif, understands that Jeanette has a gift of mad
prolepsis, and they seek to turn her prophecies to their
own ends. Her influence with them grows whenever one
of her random prophecies happens to come true; natu-
tally, it falls again when her next vision proves worthless.

Destiny: Jeanette's growing persistence as a prophet-
essand collusion with Azif's forces are betrayed by Varsik,
who grows tired of her interference with Yasmina. He
petitions Paliuro for her elimination, and together the
elders form a plan to frame Boniface and his allies for
Jeanette's Final Death. The war truly begins when Jeanette's
blood-covered doll is delivered into Azifs hands.

Clan: Malkavian

Nature: Child (child) / Survivor (adult)
Demeanor: Celebrant (child) / Defender (adult)
Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1147

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Acting 4 (Mimicry), Alertness 2, Athletics 2,
Dodge 2, Intimidation 2, Larceny 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Music 2, Stealth 4 (Shadows)

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 4
(Mystical Powers)

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dementation 4, Obfuscate 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Generation 3, Resources 3
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Road: Road of Humanity 6

Willpower: 5

NosFERATU

Nosferatu in the Jerusalem area are in a particularly
fortunate position. The leper colony they prefer is close
to the city, yet avoided by Cainite and mortal alike.
Kothar and his followers can gather information from
the city's population and from the thousands of religious
pilgrims who travel the nearby roads, yet never have to
worry about their own havens being intruded upon.
Cainites of other clans are willing to trade information
for information, though, and thus the Lepers' reach
extends far beyond their valley.

KOTHAR

Background: Born 50 years before David con-
quered Jerusalem for Israel, Kothar traveled between
the settlements of the Jordan River valley as an
itinerant craftsman. He bore the name of the
Canaanite god of crafts and took pleasure in his very
skillful work. But he became cursed with leprosy, first
losing fine control over his fingers then losing most
of the fingers themselves. Those he'd helped exiled
him to the Hinnom Valley, where lepers had gath-
ered for time out of mind. Kothar accepted his
banishment with dignity and faith in a higher pur-
pose. By words alone, he worked to teach his arts to

VU

Like,
A


the less disfigured lepers, slowly building his own
community of blighted artisans.

To Hinnom's lepers, the Jewish conquest meant
little; all any ruler wanted from the lepers was distance.
But one night a prophet came to speak to Hinnom's
outcasts. Others had come before, with messages of
hope or judgment, but this one was different. Like his
audience, this prophet had leprosy. But he also had a
blood curse, which he described as the mark the Lord of
Hosts put on the first murderer. Lepers, said the prophet,
were God's chosen people, suffering the sins of the
world and destined to become the foundation of a new
order when the existing world crumbled away in global
flames like the ones burning all around in Hinnom.
Kothar became the prophet's disciple, and in time he
received the Embrace. After the prophet moved on,
Kothar never saw or heard from him again, and never
even learned his name.

Through all the centuries since, Kothar has been
the whisperer of God's words to the lepers and, through
them, to the world beyond. Very, very few people in
the outside world notice that there's anything un-
usual about the leper community — after all, what is
the standard of comparison? Many of the lepers them-
selves want nothing to do with Kothar or his God, but
he continues to comfort those who will receive com-
fort, and to work with those who retain some physical
skill to attend to the needs of their fellow sufferers.
Kothar himself has not adopted Christianity, but
many of his disciples have, and a few have adopted
Islam in recent centuries. However, all the religions
still bring pilgrims to and from Jerusalem, and Kothar's
knowledge has grown considerably over the centuries
as the Holy City has become the focus of so many
travelers, so many warriors.

Kothar chooses his childer carefully. He doesn't
create many, and only a few inhabit Hinnom at any
given time. Half a dozen of his childer dwell else-
where, examining the secret underside of cities from
Rome to Delhi. The extensive network of infor-
mants and messengers brings lore of all kinds back to
Kothar, which he remembers and sorts while await-
ing the judgment he is sure will come. Those few
outsiders willing to venture among the lepers, such
as the elder Cainites Abraham and Elsh, reap rich
harvests of knowledge.

While Kothar guides his disciples and waits for the
apocalypse, he feeds primarily on two kinds of people:
lepers and other outcasts who've reached the point of
suicidal despair, and the criminals, bullies and other
people who seek to prey on the lepers and outcasts.
Outcasts know that if they pray a prayer of surrender or
cry a lament for final rest, something sometimes answers
them. The criminal communities of the area know that

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

giving too much abuse to their weakest victims some-
times calls down a terrible retribution. For his part,
Kothar punishes his childer for feeding too often on
other sorts of mortals, but his control is looser than he
thinks.

Image: Those who meet Kothar for the first time
usually wonder how he holds together at all. His flesh is
shriveled and his body withered, with bare bones visible
in many places. He can barely muster enough wind foran
audible voice. Cataracts cloud his remaining eye. If it
weren't for the powers of vitae, he'd be completely
incapacitated.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the kindliest sort of
religious fanatic. Someday all the healthy, wealthy people
around you will be swept away, leaving the remainder of
existence for you and your followers. However, God will
take care of the sweeping, not you, and so you bide your
time and aid those who will receive your help. You speak
softly and kindly, becoming angry only when your dis-
ciples report being abused by an outsider. Any abuser
they can identify and whose wickedness you can con-
firm, on one of your own rare trips outside Hinnom,
meets an untimely end. Then you return to your minis-
trations and your interpretation of the lore brought by
your disciples.

Haven: One of the many small caves in the Hinnom
Valley is where Kothar rests.

Secrets: Kothar knows at least something about all
of the other clans' activities in Jerusalem, as well as the
vast majority of the inner workings of civil and religious
leadership throughout the area. Anyone who continues
talking with friends or colleagues while making a dona-
tion to one of Kothar's beggars is an unwitting link in the
great chain of observation.

Influence: Directly, Kothar only influences his
own followers. Anyone willing to trade information and
support with him can potentially gain tremendous influ-
ence as a result, given the range of Kothar's knowledge.

Destiny: Kothar falls into torpor as the Black
Death sweeps through the Middle East in the 14th
century. The panic and mass destruction of corpses
badly damages the fragile balance of power among
Hinnom's victims, with long-delayed religious and po-
litical confrontations all erupting at once. In the ensuing
centuries, Kothar's most loyal disciples return, but the
march of progress makes it harder for them to maintain
their ancient routine. In the 20th century, they may
manage visits to Kothar's resting place only once every
few months, or even every few years. When he returns,
they know, one or more of them may well have to
sacrifice themselves for him, and they're prepared. In
the meantime, they work together to maintain as com-
pleteand accurate a body of knowledge about Jerusalem's
secrets as they can.


Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Caretaker

Generation: 6th

Embrace: before 1000 BCE

Apparent Age: Ancient

Physical: Strength 4 (Gnarled), Dexterity 3, Stamina
5 (Determined)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5 (Evangelistic),
Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 5 (Watchful), Intelligence 4 (Knowl-
edgeable), Wits 3

Talents: Acting 5 (Feign Weakness), Alertness 5 (Am-
bushes), Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 5
(Afflicted), Intimidation 3, Larceny 3, Leadership 5
(Inspirational), Subterfuge 5 (Find Weakness)

Skills: Animal Ken 4 (Vermin), Crafts 3, Herbalism 3,
Stealth 5 (Shadows), Survival 5 (Wilderness)
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 4 (Jewish), Investiga-
tion 5 (Web of Contacts), Linguistics 3, Occult 3,
Politics 4 (City)

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Domi-
nate 4, Fortitude 5, Mortis 2, Obfuscate 6, Potence 6,
Presence 3, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Resources
2, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Road: Road of Heaven 8
Willpower: 8

EPHRAIM

Background: Ephraim was the first mortal Kothar
Embraced, meeting death for the first time shortly after
the Assyrian conquest. Ephraim was a tailor before
developing leprosy. Once exiled to Hinnom, he served
Kothar and his fellow lepers, trying to ignore his personal
loss by aiding those more disabled than himself.

When Jerusalem fell to the Assyrians and Solomon's
Temple was defiled, Ephraim lost hope for his society as
wellas for himself. Kothar explained to him that destruc-
tion is no more eternal than creation, that new cities are
promised to rise from the ashes of old — but Ephraim
didn't think it likely that renewal would come in his
lifetime. When Kothar realized Ephraim was on the
brink of dying from despair, the Embrace followed, and
for the following three centuries, the younger Nosferatu
wavered as to whether vampiric existence was worth the
costs. When the restoration of Jerusalem began at Cyrus's
orders, Ephraim found hope again. Despite occasional
moments of doubt, he's never lost this core of faith in the
centuries since.

Ephraim is much better at concealing his deformities
than Kothar, and so he is his sire's most trusted observer.
Every few decades, Ephraim establishes a new identity for
himself as a stranger in the city, ingratiates himself with
one set of authorities or another, and finally succumbs to
leprosy or meets some other tragic fate — then he repeats
the processad infinitum. Through Ephraim's reports, Kothar
builds his sense of how the poor and needy live, whoneeds
what sort of help and who is earning just punishment.
While "in the field," Ephraim seldom returns to Hinnom,
and he regards the years between disguises as precious
times of renewal and community.

In 1195, Ephraim began building up the identity of
merchant Michael ben David, come to Jerusalem from
somewhere indistinct to the south, specializing in sup-
plying the needs of priests and religious observers. He
explains his need to avoid the sun asa curse put upon him
byan evil witch, and claims that he is seeking but has not
yet found relief.

Ephraim has encountered many of the city's elder
Cainites over the centuries, though he does not choose
to maintain regular contact with any of them. He feels
that Boniface lacks the direct involvement of per-
sonal suffering that would make him an effective
shepherd of the needy, and occasionally makes an
effort to undermine the priest's works as a result.
However, he respects his sire's cooperation with Elsh
and Abraham, for he understands that those who
would hunt or expose those worthies would then
proceed on to Hinnom. No Cainites in the city know
of his successive masquerades, with the possible ex-
ceptions of Canis or Mandalay. And as neither of
those two is talking, his secret is safe.


Image: When at home in Hinnom, Ephraim ap-
pears even more badly deformed than his sire. The
Nosferatu curse manifested in him as splits running
through his arms and legs, with incomplete limbs (also
withered and leprous) sprouting above each joint, where
bone splinters off. When away from Hinnom, he uses his
powers of Obfuscate to take on a suitable appearance,
and he pays careful enough attention to age himself
naturally over time.

Roleplaying Hints: You think of yourself as Jew-
ish, but the solid core of your faith long ago became the
distinctive home-brewed creation of Kothar. You par-
ticularly share his compassion for the least fortunate and
those on the edge of death. Mingling with the rest of
society is difficult for you. As a consummate actor, you
can play whatever part you care to take on — callous
aristocrat, greedy merchant or ambitious bureaucrat. But
deep inside, you dislike the deception. You exist for the
precious moments when you can reveal your true self and
perhaps bring another chosen one into the fold.

Haven: In between infiltrations, Ephriam dwells in
a cave near Kothar's in Hinnom; while infiltrating
Jerusalem, whatever is appropriate. Currently, his haven
is a modest home in the Temple district.

Secrets: Since the Crusades, Ephraim has focused on
the religious life of Jerusalem. He has contacts throughout
the Jewish, Muslim and Christian communities, and
keeps appraised of plans for expansion, doctrinal disputes
and clerical support for one political faction or another.

Influence: As an apparent newcomer, "Michael ben
David" does not yet wield any significant influence. But
his connections grow and prosper, as he becomes known
asareliable—ifcurious—merchant. He's already carried
out minor missions as courier for mid-ranking Jewish
priests. In time he'll be able to parlay those favors into
services for himself and his kin back in Hinnom.

Destiny: Ephraim continues his cycle through the
centuries to the era of the Final Nights. While in
disguise, he usually arranges some way to keep a watch
over slumbering Kothar: archeologist, caretaker, tender
of relics, whatever comes to hand. In the last decade of
the 20th century, he operates as Ephraim Goldstein,
immigrant from the United States studying medical
history and performing related digs in Hinnom.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Kothar

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Celebrant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 722 BCE

Apparent Age: late 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5 (Tough)

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Social: Charisma 5 (Charming), Manipulation 5
(Smooth), Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 5 (Attentive), Intelligence 4 (Sharp
Memory), Wits 3

Talents: Acting 4 (Character Acting), Alertness 3,
Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Crafts 3 (Tailor), Etiquette 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 2, Linguistics 3,
Politics 2

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Domi-
nate 4, Fortitude 6, Obfuscate 3, Obtenebration 2, Potence
4, Protean 3, Quietus 1

Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts 2, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Road: Road of Heaven 7

Willpower: 6

HANNAH

Background: Hannah is the newest of Ephraim's
childer. He first noticed her as a severely crippled young
girl at the start of his last false life. He was tempted to
Embrace her immediately to bring her relief, but decided
(and Kothar agreed) that an eternity of childhood would
be worse than a single lifetime of suffering. So, ten years
later, when he prepared to "die," he revealed his true
nature to the now-grown woman and Embraced her.
She's been a vampire for less than two decades, andisstill
very much adapting to her new condition.

Very much to the surprise of Ephraim and Kothar,
Hannah is not entirely filled with gratitude at her new
state. She had a hard, bad life, full of abuse and torment,
and she resents the thought that watchers in the shadow
could have helped but did not. She also feels that


Kothar's sense of mercy (which she shares emphatically)
would be best served by spreading the Embrace far and
wide -. However, she also fears what "justice" Kothar
might serve should she sire childer of her own.

Hannah considers herself at least partway outside
the Hinnom community. She was never a leper, and
retains much of the prevailing superstitious dread of
leprosy even though intellectually she understands it
holds no peril for her. So she spends very little time in
Hinnom, preferring to mingle with the beggars and
paupers she once counted herselfamong. She and Varsik's
waif, Yasmina, often wander the streets together, some-
times in the company of that disturbing Malkavian
dancer who likes Yasmina so much. She also occasion-
ally quarrels with the Cappadocians about Cainite
responsibilities to those who suffer and linger near death.

Image: Hannah's spine is badly deformed, making it
impossible for her to stand upright. Could she straighten
herself, others would notice that she's somewhat taller
than the local norm; very likely there's a barbarian sailor
somewhere in her ancestry. She dresses modestly, blend-
ing among the locals of whatever streets she travels.

Roleplaying Hints: You're an outsider among out-
siders, sharing a common belief with the other childer of
Kothar but not really belonging. You don't belong to the
community whose suffering you shared in life any more,
either. So you roam. Your goal, such as it is, is to meet
other Cainites and find some anchor for the night-to-
night needs of unlife to match-the long-term vision
Kothar's given you.

Haven: Hannah dwells in the basement of a home
lying empty for a period of purification after plague. She
changes her haven every few years, and is just beginning
to think about doing so again.

Secrets: Hannah has an exhaustive understanding
of the lower classes in Jerusalem. She's also got an ever-
growing depth and breadth of insight into the Cainite
population of the area. Once she began encountering
vampires beyond Kothar's circle, she supplemented overt
encounters with spying, and she's good at it. She hasn't
penetrated any of the deeper, inner machinations of the
elders, but she usually knows at least as much or more
about what childer are up to than their sires do.

Influence: At the moment, Hannah is something
of a conundrum to the clans. She doesn't (yet) use her
knowledge for blackmail, but she's very persuasive when
it comes to trading her help at a task important to
another vampire for help in a matter that concerns her.

Destiny: Hannah's conflicting impulses remain
unresolved throughout the 13th century. Finally, early
in the 14th century, she decides that she'd benefit from
time away, to resolve her conflict without the constant
goad of the leper community. She heads off into the East.

That's the last the Jerusalem vampires see of her. From
time to time over the next eighty years she sends mes-
sages back, carried by other vampires, ghouls or other
sundry messengers. But the last one comes in 1399. After
that, it's silence. Did she encounter monsters in the East,
or fall afoul of mortal vampire-hunters? Did she (as
Kothar hopes and prays) find Golconda on her own? The
Cainites of Jerusalem can only guess.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Ephraim

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1180

Apparent Age: mid-teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4 (Attentive), Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Search 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Stealth 3

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Linguistics 2
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Obfuscate 4, Potence 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Road: Road of Heaven 5

Willpower: 4

RAVNOS

The Bashirite Ravnos have led and bled the trade
city of Damascus nearby for over 500 years — a position
of power understood, if not respected, by all Jerusalem
Cainites except the very new or the very naive. Surviv-
ing and thriving through the cycles of empires, both East
and West, the Bashirites believe that the downfalls of the
great civilizations and the presence of holy armies mark
the coming of a dark chaos. Their most ardent members
seek to destroy all that is holy, battle against the
Methuselahs and prophesy the imminent rise of the
Antediluvians from their age-long slumber. The rest are
simply in it for the profit, to a greater or lesser extent.

Because the Bashirites have a higher calling, they
generally care little for the petty infighting of the mortals
during the Crusades. Each side requires supplies, and
provisions to feed armies are difficult — and expensive
— enough to obtain that the merchants of Damascus
have considerable leverage. The Ravnos take advantage
of Arab, Jew and Christian equally, with two exceptions:
They are vitally interested in holy relics, and work to
undermine the activities of the crusader Cainites who
seek to disrupt the Bashirite prophesies.


The battleground of Jerusalem is perhaps the most
important location in this struggle. Varsik, an Arme-
nian Bashirite Ravnos of formerly Catholic descent,
represents the main interests of his clan in Jerusalem.
He plays both sides against the middle, and eagerly
takes the newer Cainites of the city into his confi-
dence, assuring them as to what a powerful ally he
might be. He is also a worrisome enemy, for no Cainites
can afford to have the population of the Holy City
reduced to deluded rabble if they incur the antipathy of
the entire Ravnos clan.

Jerusalem is full of nobles and nobodies, property
and possessions, audiences to thrill and relics to liberate.
Rumor among the Ventrue is that Varsik was among the
emissaries who gave information on the crusader forces
to Salah al-Din at Hattin, leading to the defeat of the
Christian armies and the reoccupation of Jerusalem by
the Muslims. Others speak of Ravnos whispers influenc-
ing the destruction of temples over the centuries.
However, in a time when the future of faith is at stake,
desperate Cainites deign to make pacts with even the
Ravnos, trading bargains and favors in efforts to reestab-
lish their power within the city.

‘VARSIK

Background: Varsik was Embraced as one of
seven childer of Bashir, and is one of only two
remaining in 1197. Born an Armenian Christian in

the sixth century, he was engaged by the tales of
Arab scholars and conquerors, and became a mer-
chant to follow his wandering spirit. Through his
years of caravan travel he developed a keen sense of
compassion for others who played tourist through

life. Eventually he came to settle in Damascus. This
city served as Varsik's center of trade for many years,
and he became a well-known merchant.

As the years passed, Varsik held the reins of his
trading close, choosing the honor of dealing with impor-
tant customers himself, often over the traditional Arab
evening meal. The power of his personality and his
engagingly embellished tales of his travels won many
allies and profitable deals; it was in the course of a
particularly shrewd trade in Damascene blades that he
attracted the attention of Bashir, a Ravnos of ancient
blood. Varsik's traveled heritage, his skill with words and
his masterful sleight of hand all impressed the Cainite,
who sensed in the Armenian a kindred nature.

After the Embrace, Varsik traveled with Bashir's
brood, learning new languages on the journey and stories
of ancient and modern ways. He became one of Bashit's
ardent supporters, saving his sire on a dark night when
three other childer were betrayed by a vindictive and
petty Ventrue, and collectively sacrificed at the next
dawn. Since that night, Bashir and many of his brood
have merged the inclinations of the Road of Paradox
with their apocalyptic stance, returning to take control
of Damascus' trade, influencing and observing the Le-
vant and waiting for further signs of prophecy.

Though Bashir's ideas are hardly popular among the
more traditional members of his clan, even they cannot
argue that the great civilizations of the West have an
untidy habit of collapsing. Over centuries of watchful-
ness, Varsik has had a great deal of time to review the
portents, and finds his instincts quarreling with his sire's
teachings. After another of Varsik's childer was slain in
the crusader carnage, Varsik came to Jerusalem in 1101
to take her place as well as personally avenge her be-
trayal. In truth, he believed that Jerusalem was the focus
of the coming great struggle, and his eyes were already set
on the horizon.

With his trade influence and Christian heritage,
Varsik and his merchants were accepted into Jerusalem
upon their arrival. Over the years he became involved
with Father Paliuro of the Lasombra, trading small favors
(such as a trick image mirror that Paliuro uses to fool
mortal and Cainite alike) for favor and protection. He
also amuses Paliuro with wild, inspirational stories of
miracles and spiritual redemptions for the priest to use in
his sermons. In truth the two Cainites once found each
other useful. With Paliuro's recent descent into paranoia
and madness, however, the relationship is rapidly be-
coming burdensome, and Varsik isnow seeking tocontract
the Assamite Gabriel to end it entirely.

Varsik is also in touch with a Ravnos elder near
Damascus, and serves as that Cainite's primary con-
tact with the southern Setites and Assamites who are


waging war on the invading Christians. For the
Assamites, Varsik is a worthy ally as regards trade and
information, but a dangerous manipulator as well.
They understand that the suspicious demise of Varsik
would only bring more Ravnos to Jerusalem, to a city
that still contains many holies that could be stolen or
demolished by the vagabond Cainites, but still they
seek ways to limit him. Varsik is actually more wary of
the Setites, but finds Abdullah al-Sathaja particularly
easy to manipulate.

Varsik has many contacts in all sects of the city, and
hisnocturnal explorations have allowed him to encoun-
ter natives and travelers of a variety of social classes. He
particularly enjoys the pilgrims who are less pious, at-
tending to their company and trading his own stories for
their tales of distant lands. He honorably restrains him-
self and his childer from an easy mark if the mortal's
stories are inspired; the treacherous, insolent and bar-
baric are more likely to be seen as herd. He collects
additional information from Yasmina, a child he Em-
braced who beguiles passersby with her waifish looks and
simple innocence.

Varsik makes his home in the Christian Armenian
Quarter where few other Cainites can easily travel — all
outsiders are shunned there, while the Greek Orthodox
are hated. His rare ability to make a deal that seemingly
satisfies all sides has the hallmark ofa merchant diplomat,
butin truth he seeks to enjoy this place to the fullest before
the next cycle of devastation inevitably begins. He has
ghouls running on both sides, some believing him to be
clan Ventrue instead of clan Ravnos, while others trade
their blood for his support in ensuring their own survival.

Varsik is not personally powerful in close combat;
instead, his power derives from his political contacts and
his knowledge. He is, however, charismatically threat-
ening, and his oratory skills combined with his mastery
of Chimerstry can rally anti-Cainite (and even anti-
Church) crowds easily. Thus he can sway public favor in
an already heated situation.

Image: Varsik is slick without being slimy, and he
carries himself with a charismatic combination of dis-
arming modesty and alluring confidence. He has dark
hair and bright eyes capable of an amazing intensity. His
attire is subdued — for a Ravnos.

Roleplaying Hints: You are glib, charming and
slightly effusive. You are also unencumbered by any
guilt over your manipulation of those you take advan-
tage of for business or to feed. Your surface weaknesses
are similar to those of other Bashirites, for your imme-
diate attention is always gained by talk of Methuselahs,
holy relics and Antediluvians. Your stories draw in-
formation out of others as your bite draws out their
blood, though your motives may not be what they
seem at first blush.

Haven: Varsik finds haven in a crypt beneath
the home of one of his ghouls in the Armenian
Quarter of Jerusalem.

Secrets: Varsik, like Magdalena, secretly enjoys the
chaos and uncertain times of Jerusalem. Its stance as an
open city is perfect for the Ravnos, for no single faction is
powerful enough to eject them. Prey — political, finan-
cial, mortal—are plentiful and distracted, and Varsik will
work against the Bashirite philosophies just as much as for
them if his amusement and survival are put at risk.

Influence: Varsik's influence within Jerusalem is
wide but paper-thin, with afew exceptions in the Cainite
power structure. He draws upon the power of his sire and
clan, as well as his own indisputable magnetism, to sway
the distribution of food, funds and information, attempt-
ing to ensure a perpetual stalemate between Christian
and Muslim forces.

Destiny: Varsik's influence and area of control
widen over the next several centuries. His skill at ma-
nipulating information into profitable business deals
becomes legendary, while his evasive inquiries about the
dealings of Methuselahs and his betrayals of the Bashirites
will eventually be his undoing.

Clan: Ravnos

Sire: Bashir

Nature: Jester

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 610 CE

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5 (Charming), Manipulation 6 (Per-
suasive), Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4 (Sharp Memory),
Wits 4 (Clever)

Talents: Acting 3, Artistic Expression 3, Athletics 3,
Brawl 2, Larceny 3, Subterfuge 4 (Fast Talk)

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 4 (Organization), Melee 4
(Clubs), Music 3, Ride 2

Knowledges: Academics 4, Investigation 3, Linguistics
5 (Merchant), Occult 2, Politics 4 (City), Theology 2
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Chimerstry 7, Dominate 4,
Fortitude 3, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Influence 2,
Mentor 4, Resources 4, Retainers 3

Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Road of Paradox 6

Willpower: 8

"YASMINA
Background: Yasmina was Embraced by Varsik
on one of his evening excursions through the city.


Over the course of months of strolling, a peculiar
beggar waif had caught his eye, staking out her claim
at the intersection of two well-traveled thorough-
fares. She seemed unusually adept at garnering the
attention of passersby with her unconscious assess-
ment of their sympathetic weaknesses. The bullies she
studiously avoided, while the pilgrims donated coins
after listening to her charming, hesitant phrases in
Latin, Greek or Arabic about her plans to serve God
or Allah when she grew up.

Growing up was evidently not in the universe's
plan for Yasmina, however. She was in her usual place
late one evening when Varsik happened to be nearby,
admiring her work. A horse spooked at the scent of
the Cainite, and before the rider could seize control,
the animal had plunged into the crowd. Along with
three others, Yasmina had been trampled. As her life's
blood drained into the dust, Varsik stepped from the
shadows and took her into his arms. He Embraced the
young innocent as soon as he could hustle her into a
secluded spot.

Yasmina now alternates between tagging along with
Varsik and continuing to wander the streets on her own.
Se uses her talents for remembering what strangers tell
her, and utilizes her powers of observation, then takes
the results back to her sire. She doesn't understand much
of what she tells Varsik, but he does. Perhaps the only
thing she has not told Varsik about is another girl that
roams the streets, a cripple named Hannah, who has
become a friend she can trust in the night.

Yasmina is Varsik's tool — she is neither a toy nora
colleague. She is not even really bright enough to be a
very interesting companion, but her innocent naiveté

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

and newness to the world delight and energize him. He
sees it as an amusing contrast to the dark foreboding
maintained by the other Bashirites.

Yasmina is glad to help — at least, Varsik tells her
that she's helping him by passing along the stories that
the pilgrims on the street tell her. And she gets to see
interesting places and travel, and she can almost always
find her way back to wherever Varsik is staying. Some-
times especially nice people invite her home, or into a
hostel or hospital, and she gets to feed and even find
pretty, shiny baubles to take back to Varsik.

Though the bloodlust that sometimes takes control
of the girl frightens her, Yasminais glad that Varsik saved
her from death and brought her to darkness. He told her
that now she could be young and have fun forever. She
occasionally realizes, however, just how long "forever"
can be.

Yasmina has several people other than Varsik watch-
ing over her. Brother Bernardus stops by to listen to her
stories and make sure she's safe, although Yasmina isn't
quite sure how she could be in danger. A new woman,
Jeanette, seems to think Yasmina is her daughter, which
makes Yasmina suspicious and uncomfortable.

Image: Yasmina is a wistful, waif-like child. She has
large, dark eyes and a mop of dark curls. Her clothing is
just ragged enough to invoke sympathy, but clean enough
to cause strangers to assume that she's harmless. She is
quick, lithe and alert.

Roleplaying Hints: You're cute. Smile prettily at
the nice stranger, and ask lots of questions and tell lots of
meaningless stories about the city, the sights and the
person talking to you. Maybe that will get you some coins,
or the chance to feed when the stranger takes you home.

Haven: Yasmina usually stays with Varsik in the
Armenian Quarter of the city.

Secrets: Yasmina likes her friends and buys their
trust by helping them beat bullies and other street
thieves. She is growing particularly fond of Hannah, and
the Nosferatu cripple returns her friendship. When Varsik
is popular, Yasmina feels neglected, and the wrath of this
neglected child may simmer for years before erupting to
spectacular effect.

Influence: Yasmina has almost no influence what-
soever, except among street children and with Hannah.

Destiny: Yasmina is a "one trick pony." As long as
Varsik prospers, Yasmina will be all right. When his
tricks finally catch up with him, she does not escape the
conflagration either.

Clan: Ravnos
Sire: Varsik
Nature: Jester
Demeanor: Child

Generation: 7th


Embrace: 1143

Apparent Age: not yet 10

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 4 (Light Touch),
Stamina 1

Social: Charisma 4 (Outgoing), Manipulation 4 (Per-
suasive), Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 1

Talents: Acting 4 (Pretend), Alertness 2, Empathy 2,
Larceny 4 (Rumor Mill), Subterfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Ride 1, Stealth 4 (Hide)
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 2

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Chimerstry 2, Fortitude 2
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Mentor 2
Virtues: Conviction 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Road of Paradox 6

Willpower: 5

SALUBRI

The few Salubriin Jerusalem, still thoroughly shaken
and disoriented in the wake of Saulot's destruction, are
little better than targets in these dark nights. Elusive and
fearful, they are turning to their own more and more
when they seek allies, for they can trust no others. Notes
left in obscure places, written in the ancient language of
the Second City, are all well and good —but real contact
with others, others like yourself, becomes increasingly
important as the Salubri become more isolated and
cautious. Jerusalem, always a nexus of intrigue, draws
Salubri as they pass through on their way to... some-
where else.

A Salubri nursemaid is kept within the al-
Bimaristan al-Salahi Hospital through the generosity
of the Lasombra, providing safe access to a docile herd
even though the hospitals supposedly answer directly
to the Islamic governor. A European warrior Salubri
on pilgrimage may be on his way through — but that
tumor has been floating around the city for several
months now without so much as a glimpse of the
fellow — and their few truces with other Cainites are
tentative at best.

AlsHA BINT WAHIBA, THE NurseE
Background: Aisha was living a quiet life in
Antioch, when Achmet the Dreamer wandered through
onhis extended tour of the region. As Achmet tells it, he
recognized her inherent ability to heal, and Embraced
her. (The way others tell it, Achmet saw in Aisha
something he lacked: a thorough pleasure in helping and
nurturing other people.) Her life thus shattered, Aisha
left her home and traveled with him for the better part
of a century. Her relationship with Achmet changed

drastically in 1133 when Tremere diablerized Saulot,
causing Achmet to question his own purpose and meth-
ods. Nonetheless, Achmetand Aisha continued traveling
until 1140, when the former decided to return to
Constantinople. There he remains, dreaming as he
searches for Golconda.

Aisha thinks Achmet betrayed God's calling. Fur-
ther, she believes that Achmet has betrayed his clan in
his rejection of more practical explorations on the path-
way toward redemption. What can dreaming teach
Cainites? It is an escape, a refusal to deal with the harsh
realities of Caine's curse. No, Achmet's escape serves no
purpose. His current dream state is entirely too self-
centered for Aisha's liking.

There has to be areason that God allows the Cainite
curse to fall upon mere mortals, some higher reason for
Aisha to continue beyond dreaming of Golconda. There
must be another way... and the path Aisha feels most
qualified to pursue is that of service to others. There
might be safety in the hidden darkness of the hospital,
even though there is none in a world that is no longer
kind to Saulot's childer.

Aisha has therefore broken with Achmet and his
Dream Circle in Constantinople, and has made her
way to Jerusalem. With the recent devastation of the
Salubri population, she has begged the Lasombra in
the al-Bimaristan al-Salahi Hospital to grant her suc-
cor. Pacifico has agreed to shelter her, but only so long
as Aisha uses her skills to help him acquire informa-
tion from the ailing pilgrims. While her situation is
precarious (Aisha isn't sure Pacifico's sire knows he is
allowing her to haven in the hospital), she survives,
and she feeds, and she heals others. As far as the
Lasombra are concerned, this arrangement serves to


protect some. of their best mortal assets should they
fall ill, and keeps at least one of the city's hostels from
Boniface's controlling influence. All in all, everyone
is happy for the moment.

The Malkavian, Brother Bernardus, has taken up
stopping by the hospital on occasion. While his pres-
ence makes Aisha extremely uncomfortable, he seems
to calm the patients. Nahum ben Enosh, a Salubri
scholar who Aisha is trying to convince to stay in
Jerusalem to help her, retreats deep into the hospital
when Bernardus is there.

Image: Formerly beautiful, Aisha bint Wahiba now
appears more maternal than magnificent. She exudes an
aura of calm cheerfulness that makes her pleasant to be
around. Her attire is modest and simple, requiring no
special care or particular thought.

Roleplaying Hints: You're competent and caring,
and have aremarkable ability to sense the needs and aches
of others. You are concerned without being obsequious.

Haven: Aisha has a small room deep in the interior
of the hospital.

Secrets: The Lasombra may think that they are
being charitable to Aisha, but she is also using them.
While she works her way among the ailing citizens of
Jerusalem, she is also serving as a contact point for
surviving Salubri. Essentially, she is running a Salubri
underground, getting others of her clan to safe places and
passing information and messages as people drift through
the city. Salubri are directed toward safety, friends and
trustworthy allies. After all, who bothers to make sure
that a pilgrim leaves the city traveling in the same
direction from which he entered?

Influence: Aisha bint Wahiba is almost unno-
ticed by most of the Cainite community — which is
exactly what she needs to be especially effective in
sliding Salubri past the more watchful members of
other clans.

Destiny: Aisha, for all of her good intentions,
does not survive too much longer. Jerusalem has too
many Cainites, too many wagging tongues, for her to go
unnoticed by the Tremere. In 1216, they find her. Still,
she manages to save many of her brethren, at least for
awhile.

Clan: Salubri

Sire: Achmet the Dreamer

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Celebrant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1024

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Leadership
1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 1, Herbalism 4 (Medicinal),
Ride 2, Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 1, Hearth Wisdom 3, Investi-
gation 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 4 (Disease), Occult 4
(Ancient Wisdom), Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Fortitude 3, Obtenebration 2,
Valeren 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Road of Chivalry 9

Willpower: 6

NanUM BEN ENOsH

Background: Nahum ben Enosh started out as a
Talmudic scholar, spending his days in yeshiva, study-
ing and arguing the fine points of Jewish law. One
evening, as he was headed home, he was overheard to
say that he regretted his rapidly approaching death.
Old age was catching up to him, and Nahum mourned
all of the knowledge that he had not the time to
acquire. It was Saulot who overheard, and who Em-
braced him.

Nahum spent the following centuries learning and
passing his knowledge on to others. While he despaired
of ever reconciling the blood-prohibition with his
Cainism, he is reconciled to the fact that Yahweh's plans
were far beyond his meager, mortal understanding. Blood
feeding notwithstanding, Nahum could not imagine his
existence as a Salubri warrior, so followed the healing
path instead.


Before long, Nahum slightly turned his inquisitive
nature from being wholly devoted to Torah studies, to
include the study of demonic pacts too. What, exactly,
are demons? Why does Yahweh allow them to continue
to exist? What purpose do they serve? Is it possible to
control them? Or are Cainites and kine alike merely
fooling themselves into believing that it is possible to
control a demon?

A scholar of considerable repute, Nahum ben
Enosh has been at his trade for century upon century.
He is, however, greatly distressed by the events of the
past 50 years, and is having difficulty with the current
lack of leadership in the clan. Several years ago, he
heard that Aisha bint Wahiba was providing under-
ground services for other Salubri, passing along
messages and directing Salubri to safe havens. He
began considering the possibility of traveling to Jerusa-
lem to meet with her. If there were a likely successor
to Saulot, perhaps Aisha would know that Salubri's
whereabouts. Another motivation to go to Jerusalem
came from the knowledge that Moses Maimonides —
a Torah scholar of international repute — was in
residence in Jerusalem, serving as Salah al-Din's per-
sonal physician. Unfortunately, by the time Nahum
reached Jerusalem, Salah al-Din had died, and
Maimonides had left the city. Nahum regrets that he
could not discuss demons with Maimonides, Nahum
had hoped that Maimonides' knowledge would guide
him through his perplexity. It was not to be.

Aisha bint Wahiba would like for Nahum to stay
and help her in the hospital (although that
Malkavian, Bernardus, seems demonically possessed,
which is something of a deterrent), but Nahum
thinks that he will keep heading north. If the mili-
tant Christians are here in Jerusalem, then it must be
fairly safe in their northern homelands — or so he
reasons. So Nahum is just passing through Jerusalem.
He is not going to stay, unless something drastic
happens to change his mind.

One bit of recently gathered intelligence does in-
trigue Nahum. He has heard rumors that a Cappadocian
elder, Abraham, has in his possession an ancient reli-
gious parchment. Nahum has recently contacted Adam,
Abraham's childe, to learn more of this matter. Adam
sees Nahum as another potential mentor in more pow-
erful and practical aspects of mysticism, and is willing to
bear the risk of traveling with the Salubri should he
choose to leave the city in search of answers and peace.

Image: Nahum appears to be a harmless old man,
dressed in traveler's robes and carrying a walking staff.
His hair and beard are quite white.

Roleplaying Hints: You are old, feeling your years.
Youare tired from your journey and a bit daunted by the
journey ahead of you.

Haven: At the moment, Nahum is cadging a room
near Aisha in the al-Bimaristan al-Salahi Hospital.
Secrets: Nahum is tired. He would like to be enthu-
siastic, support the cause and help rebuild the Salubri...
but Nahum is tired. Since the diablerization of Saulot,
Nahum has lost most of his enthusiasm. He is beginning
to think about torpor as a possible compromise; perhaps
things will look better in a couple of centuries
Influence: Nahum once had a considerable amount
of influence under Saulot. Now, however, he is becom-
ing a bit mythical himself; other Salubri are surprised to
hear that he is still active. Sometimes, he is, too.
Destiny: Nahum ben Enosh does decide to retreat
to torpor not long after leaving Jerusalem, and vanishes
from the pages of history.
Clan: Salubri

Sire: Saulot

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Caretaker

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 216 CE

Apparent Age: mid-60s

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4 (Attentive), Intelligence 5 (Clear
Thinker), Wits 4 (Clever)

Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 4 (Truths), Leadership
3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 3, Herbalism 4 (Medicinal),
Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 4 (Demonology), Hearth
Wisdom 4 (Jewish), Linguistics 3, Medicine 5 (Diagno-
sis), Occult 5 (Demons)

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 6, Pres-
ence 4, Potence 2, Valeren 8 (both paths)
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 7
Road: Road of Chivalry 10

Willpower: 9

SETITES

The Setites of the city find all religions except their
own anathema, but cannot resist the temptation of
seducing throngs of pilgrims new to these lands. A Setite
prostitute has allied her gifts of pleasure with the Assamite
toad assassin, and together they work on converting one
another through scenes of their former lives' passions.
Another Setite, a new import from Cairo, is securing
himself as the Serpent behind a Madman, luring those
who would follow the fallen leader and his delusions of
godhood to an even darker servitude.


SHAHARA AL-RASHWA, CouRTESAN

Background: Shahara is something of a rarity: a
native of Jerusalem. Born under Muslim rule, she was
outside of the city when the crusaders slaughtered every-
one inside the walls in 1099. The smell of blood on the
winds drove her to frenzy; the confusion and disruption
in the weeks following the massacre was such that no one
noticed her return. After the crusaders installed their
own version of governance, it took little effort to con-
vince a few guards that she was a Christian and to permit
her re-entry into the city.

Shahara was Embraced by a Setite recruiter explic-
itly looking for prostitutes who were willing to use their
wiles to increase their standing and wealth, and thus
gain access to power. Shahara was only pretty, never
beautiful, so becoming the mistress of a powerful man
seemed unlikely. Instead, she was trained to seduce with
words and actions, rather than to rely on her looks. She
learned how easy it is to turn men from their lofty
intentions, and how simple it was to drag them into the
depths of their personal torments. Shahara has discov-
ered that those who are second-in-command make easy
targets, too, as she offers them the flattery and compli-
ments usually reserved for their masters.

Shahara has recently become intrigued by Rashid
the Assamite, who has returned to the city. Despite
all of the traditional rivalries between Setite and
Assamite, Rashid is delighted to find someone of the
same background, language and city, who happens to
bea fellow Cainite, too. Shahara, on the other hand,
is considerably less enthralled, having to overcome
her distaste for Assamites just to associate with
Rashid. It would appear, however, that he knows
things that might be useful to her... and he is rapidly

getting to the point where he will turn his back on his
incomplete training and give himself over to corrup-
tion for her sake.

Shaharahas made several advances towardLasombra
Pacifico Grillati, with little effect. The Toreador, Duyal
al-Malatya, and the Ventrue, Vicelin, show promise —
at least they are beginning to show some interest in
expanding their influence, and Shahara is encouraging
them to believe that she can assist them in achieving
their goals. Shahara has little to do with any female
Cainites in the city; who needs their interference with
her attempts to corrupt men?

Image: Even better for her purposes than being
beautiful (she comes close, but really isn't "beauti-
ful"), Shahara is striking. She has an air of sensuous
mystery about her that intrigues passersby. She dresses
provocatively: her veils are a trifle too sheer, and her
skirts mold slightly too close to her body to be consid-
ered "respectable."

Roleplaying Hints: You are sinuous and sensuous.
Your movements are languid and graceful. While you
may appear to be coy, you are particularly adept at luring
men away from their virtues, their coin... and their
secrets.

Haven: Shahara maintains simple quarters near the
Zion Gate in the southern wall. This location puts her
near merchants and pilgrims, as well as giving her easy
access to the road outside of the walls.

Secrets: Secrets? Shahara's trade is the collection of
secrets. What will you offer in trade? Or better, perhaps
she'll just entice you into trading your secrets for ones she
has no further use for.

Influence: Shahara walks a fine line between
brokering power and maintaining a grip on her con-
quests. At any moment, those she's corrupting may
recognize the path upon which she's set them, and the
consequences could be disastrous.

Destiny: Rashid eventually comes to break free of
Shahara's web, at least partially, and she flees the city in
fear for her existence. She spends the next several
centuries moving from place to place, always keeping a
wary eye out for assassins. In the middle of the 20th
century, she sets up shop in Rio de Janeiro, and becomes
a major player in Cainite existence there.

Clan: Setite

Sire: Jezebel

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Rogue

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 980 CE

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3


Social: Charisma 4 (Captivating), Manipulation 2,
Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 3, Expression 4 (Dance), Dodge 1,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4 (Foreign Customs), Music 2, Stealth
3, Survival 1

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 3, Law 1, Linguistics 4
(Diplomatic), Occult 3, Politics 1

Disciplines: Obfuscate 4, Presence 3, Serpentis 4
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Mentor 1
Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 4, Courage 3

Road: Road of Typhon 6

Willpower: 4

ABDULLAH AL"SATHAJA

Background: How can one lead a lunatic into
temptation? Abdullah al-Sathaja, a recent arrival to
Jerusalem from Cairo, intends to find out.

Abdullah (which means "slave of Allah") enjoyed a
life as a fish merchant near the docks on the Nile in
Cairo. He wasa proper, respectable businessman —right
up until he got involved with a soothsayer woman
dedicated to a life of pleasure, sacrifice and (as he now
sees it) irresponsibility. His business lost, his family
alienated, Abdullah found the life he had known de-
stroyed. He turned back to the woman, Nagat... only to

find that the new price of his "redemption" with her was
capitulation and utter devotion to Set.

After the Embrace, Nagat bound Abdullah to her
whim and her coterie with a blood oath. He served her
indulgent pleasures in demeaning ways over the course
of the next few years, becoming her guard during dalli-

ances that threatened to sway the sympathies of the
vizier away from a rival Setite faction during the rule of
the vicious al-Hakim. As the infighting grew, al-Hakim's
enforcers decided to end the rivalry themselves. What
followed was a night of betrayal that ended with Nagat
ritually beheaded by an assassin, her favorite serpent
dismembered beside her.

Abdullah prayed to Set for vengeance upon the
caliph who had exercised such a reign of terror, daring
to think of himself as Allah incarnate. He followed
Hakim's last departure from Cairo intending to con-
tact the Assamites or eliminate the caliph himself —
and would have tried, were it not for the frustrating
trickery of the Malkavian, who somehow managed to
counter his every move. Upon reconsideration, though,
Abdullah has come up with an even darker destiny for
the Mad Lizard.

Abdullah has set out to lure al-Hakim into his
clutches by giving him exactly what he wants: devoted
worshipers. He has instructed his ghouls to be deferen-
tial and submissive to al-Hakim, at least to the extent
that the lunatic is aware. This keeps al-Hakim near to
Abdullah to be used as a figurehead, allowing the
Setite to draw in his followers and convert them en
masse to the worship of Set.

Going after al-Hakim is the most ambitious goal
Abdullah al-Sathaja has set for himself to date. There are
risks, of course. But Set will be pleased, very pleased,
when Abdullah succeeds.

As Abdullah has been making progress in al-
Hakim's corruption, he is beginning to think about
who else might be susceptible to Set's ways. The
Ventrue, Vicelin, appears to be properly self-indul-
gent; perhaps there is a possibility in that direction.
The degradation of "children" might be another way
to glorify Set: The "adults" watching over Yasmina
will prove no real hindrance. Abdullah is also cau-
tious, however. He actively avoids being anywhere
near Gabriel Chavez, who is known to have hunted
and diablerized influential Setites in Cairo.

Image: Abdullah al-Sathaja appears to be innocu-
ous, inapleasantsort of way. He'snot exactly "forgettable"
as much as he is "ordinary" or even "bland."

Roleplaying Hints: You have about you the air of
quiet competence. Ponder each question or comment
before answering — unless the query is regarding Allah.
Then let your enthusiasm for being Allah's (or more
specifically, al-Hakim's) slave pour forth. In private, you
drop the charade and are coldly calculating about your
plans. Trust no one; if your smile can hide a knife, so can
anyone else's.


Haven: Abdullah al-Sathaja has a small home
immediately to the left of al-Hakim's dwelling. One
must be near, should Allah desire anything.

Secrets: Abdullah recognizes Varsik's attempts to
entice information from him. The Setite feeds Varsik
nothing of value, but instead is slowly trying to create the
illusion that Abdullah possesses the information and
contacts Varsik desires, in order to draw the Ravnos
closer. Just now, Abdullah is preoccupied with luring al-
Hakim down Set's path — but Varsik (or perhaps,
Vicelin) could be next.

Influence: None in Jerusalem yet — but then,
Abdullah al-Sathaja only arrived three years ago.

Destiny: Abdullah al-Sathaja comes to an ignoble
end in 1234. Al-Hakim becomes suspicious of Abdullah's
motives, stakes him and leaves him on the eastern wall
of the city just before sunrise.

Clan: Setite

Sire: Nagat

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 930 CE

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4 (Eloquent), Manipulation 5, Ap-
pearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 5 (Pretend), Alertness 2, Athletics 1,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 3, Herbalism 2, Ride 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Occult 2
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 2, Pres-
ence 3, Serpentis 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Herd 2, Influence 2,
Retainers 3

Virtues: Conviction 2, Instinct 2, Courage 3

Road: Road of Typhon 6

Willpower: 6

TOREHDOR

Builders, artisans, lovers (and preservers) of the
exquisite — the Toreador in Jerusalem struggle with
the current political and religious upheavals which
endanger so much historic beauty. They still seek to
build further for the glory of God (and in some cases,
themselves), but times and circumstances don't always
permit such noteworthy endeavors. At least there's
always politics for some members of the clan to fall back

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

on. And in Jerusalem, politics can definitely be an art
form all their own.

Exsy (Zanru-HEYAN)

Background: In Tyre at the turn of the 12th cen-
tury BCE, Zaaru-Heyan earned a reputation for himself
as one of the finest builders of temples in the known
world. The sacred spaces he planned, it was said, pleased
the gods more than the work of any other man in Tyre
and beyond. They were certainly graceful structures,
each evoking the spirit of its god in form and feature.
Donations flowed freely into his temples' coffers; prayers
and sacrifices filled the air. Zaaru-Heyan himself hon-
ored each of the gods whose temples he built, winning
their priests' admiration as well as generous payment.

While still in his early forties, Zaaru-Heyan suc-
cumbed to a mysterious illness. He lost the strength of
body and clarity of mind that had been the cornerstones
of his success, wasting away within a few weeks. Seeking
to make his final peace, he resolved to walk to the sea to
meet Elat, goddess of the ocean, the only major deity of
Tyre for whom he had not built a temple. He left a brief
inscription ona potsherd explaining his purpose, and his
footprints could still be seen ona beach north of Tyre the
following morning.

However this affliction was not a disease, but the
over-enthusiastic attention of a Toreador who fell in
love with his work and tried to drain off some of his
creative humour. When the Toreador realized that Zaaru-
Heyan was on the brink of death, the temple builder
received the Embrace. Repentant, his sire helped him
fake his death, arranged for him to receive instruction in
Cainite ways from another Toreador in Tyre, and de-
parted. Zaaru-Heyan never saw his sire again, though it


is rumored that he still receives a letter of advice and
architectural notes every century or two.

When Solomon sent to Tyre for workmen to help
build a new temple in Jerusalem, Zaaru-Heyan received
permission from the senior Toreador to go. He adopted
the name Elsh, "steward," and joined the procession of
architects, craftsmen and laborers heading south into
Israel. He did not care to risk the attention that playing
a major role might draw, but through the generations
he's contributed in small ways to prominent projects,
and sometimes served as designer or overseer for rela-
tively minor ventures.

Elsh has never been able to muster faith in Judaism
or its descendant religions, and has gradually lapsed
into a quiet state of internal doubt. However, he still
seeks to offer' mortal believers places to worship even
though he no longer shares their devotion. After sev-
eral centuries on the brink of torpor, he regained an
interest in his work with the first spate of church-
building by penitent pilgrims, and in recent centuries
he's been much more active than usual within Jerusa-
lem and the surrounding communities.

Along with Kothar, Elsh is one of the oldest Cainites
of Jerusalem. His extensive knowledge of Jerusalem's
architecture and holy structures and his strict neutrality
in Jerusalem's religious conflicts have earned the respect
of the city's Cainites; many, including the Lasombra
Paliuro, are in his debt for favors he has provided in the
past. Elsh has intimate knowledge of all the sites of True
Faith within the city walls, as well as hiding places and
catacombs otherwise lost over the centuries. He has also
taken the young illuminator, Duyal al-Malatya, under
his guardianship.

Elsh feeds on worshipers at the temples he's worked
on over the centuries. At first he felt guilty about this,
but as his disbelief grew, he decided that a little touch of
euphoria while worshiping wouldn't do the kine any real
harm. He uses the priesthood of several small churches
in and around Jerusalem as his herd, though he is careful
never to influence them against the wishes of other
Cainites. He also relies on a very extensive network of
ghouls among the city's craftsmen to carry out his orders
and sometimes even to pretend to be him on daylight
visits to work in progress.

At the present time, Elsh has no childer. He created
several in the first few centuries CE, but they all fell to
monster-hunters thanks to their own (or perhaps his, the
nightmares sometimes whisper) carelessness. He has
grown patient, contemplative and apolitical while hold-
ing himself free from the obligations that childer would
bring. There is no beauty and no inspiration in siring
childer in Jerusalem, at least not as the city and its
inhabitants stand at this time.

Image: Elsh is a nondescript Phoenician. He's shorter
than most of Jerusalem's living inhabitants, but his dark
complexion and curly black hair don't stand out. He has
exceptionally fine and strong fingers: He can carve stone
and paint filigree with equal ease. He dresses in well-
made but simple clothing, usually in dull tones that
attract no attention and won't show stains if he spills
something while on a construction site.

Roleplaying Hints: The single, great joy in your unlife
is architecture, particularly building houses of worship.
Sometimes you wish that you could rekindle your own
faith, either in one of the gods of your lost living past or
in one of those now preached in your adopted city.
However, visions of the destruction, poverty and fear
created by the crusader wars are all that you need to
return your heart to secular detachment.

Haven: The home of one of his ghouls, a silversmith, is
haven to Elsh.

Secrets: Elsh makes no effort to systematically harbor
secrets, but he listens to what is whispered within the
sanctuaries that he designed, and picks up useful snippets
here and there. He has an immensely broad, but shallow,
knowledge of the concerns of pilgrims: the politics of
their homelands, the crises they faced on their paths to
the Holy City, and their complaints about problems
within Jerusalem itself. In the course of listening, he has
also learned a great deal about the personal lives of
priests. Where there is an unrequited love, jealousy
among members of a temple ora quarrel over the signifi-
cance of a worshiper's visions, Elsh knows about it.
What Elsh doesn't know about is that there are several
Cainites throughout the city who are less than pleased
with his efforts. By creating sites that abound in True
Faith, he seals off more and more of the city from its
Cainite inhabitants, and there is always the chance that
someone may decide to prevent him from erecting any
more monuments to heaven.

Influence: Elsh holds a great deal of indirect influence
through his knowledge of politics and secrets of the
priests, as well as his undisputed mastery of architecture
and paths where Cainites may safely tread within the
Holy City. His wide network of ghouls, some ambitious
and influential in their own right, also protects him from
those who thirst for his ancient blood.

Destiny: Elsh continues his quiet existence well into
the Renaissance. His ghouls become increasingly inde-
pendent and tire of his lack of interest in parlaying
position into power. In 1555 they finally tire of him
altogether, and drain him dry of vitae. Over the course of
the next few years they slaughter each other in brutal
infighting, and the entire network of alliances collapses.
Clan: Toreador

Nature: Innovator


Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1079 BCE

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 5 (Strong Hands), Dexterity 5
(Nimble Fingers), Stamina 5 (Determined)

Social: Charisma 5 (Inspiring), Manipulation 5 (Ca-
jole), Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5 (Keen Eyed), Intelligence 6 (Cre-
ative), Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 4 (Building Projects), Sculp-
ture 6 (Religious Motifs)

Skills: Crafts 6 (Architecture), Etiquette 4 (Religious),
Herbalism 2, Melee 2, Ride 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 6 (Mathematics), Investiga-
tion 3, Law 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 3,
Politics 4 (Religious), Science 5 (Engineering)
Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 4, Dominate 5, Forti-
tude 6, Obfuscate 5, Potence 5, Presence 6
Backgrounds: Herd 5, Influence 3, Resources 3,
Retainers 4

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Road: Road of Humanity 7

Willpower: 7

Duyat AL- MALATYA

Background: In the 1130s, Duyal al-Malatya was the
only survivor of a plague that swept through his village
in Asia Minor. That he survived any longer was the
result of his being found by a Sicilian monk who was
returning to his monastery from a pilgrimage to Jerusa-

lem. Duyal — who was only eight at the time of the
plague — had no one else to turn to, so he accompanied
the monk back to Sicily.

Duyal received a monastic education, and discovered to
his surprise a real talent for calligraphy and illumination.
He also converted to Christianity; the only time he gave
any particular thought to his Muslim origins was when he
was asked to use human or animal figures in his illumina-
tions. He found himself wryly amused that the Islamic
prohibition against figurative art still occasionally gave
him pause. In 1150, however, Duyal became one of the
assistants to the Islamic naturalist Idrisi, who was prepar-
ing a multi-volume natural history of the world for
Roger, the King of Sicily. Under Idrisi's influence, Duyal
returned to Islam, much to the ire of the monks who'd
sheltered and taught him. After Idrisi died in 1166,
Duyal decided that he'd be safer elsewhere.

In the newly founded kingdom of Portugal, his calligra-
phy brought him to the attention of the Toreador Nasawi,
who passed through many European courts as a patron of
the arts. Nasawi saw great promise in Duyal's art as well
as his unique religious and cultural heritage, and decided
that this sensitive and diverse artisan could not be lost to
a natural death. Nasawi seduced and Embraced Duyal
with the promise of immortality, and tutored him in
Cainite ways.

Over the following decades Duyal traveled along the
Mediterranean coast with Nasawi's retinue and other
childer, stopping for a few months here, a few years
there. In 1192 they entered Jerusalem after hearing of
the bargain of peace between Salah al-Din's forces and
the Franks of King Richard. Duyal was enchanted with
the architecture and art of the Holy City, and he
received offers of work from impoverished monasteries
seeking illuminators with barely an inquiry. Nasawi
and his retinue continued on, intent on returning to
Jerusalem in 1202.

Duyal does secular as well as religious work, from callig-
raphy on ceremonial documents to decorations on lintels
and mantels. He came to Elsh's attention within months
of arriving, and the senior Toreador found in him a
kindred spirit. Now they enjoy quiet evenings together,
discussing their shared interests in the use of art to exalt
the sacred. Occasionally they hunt together, most often
when tracking down a zealot marring temples Elsh built.
Duyal also spends some time visiting with the
Cappadocian Abraham, listening to the elder Cainite's
interpretations of his work.

Duyal has recently heard rumor that an ancient
Cappadocian temple-destroyer may have returned to
Jerusalem. The idea of a Cainite willing to defile sacred
architectures infuriates him more than any mortal defil-
ers; after all, it is the Cainites who are chosen by Allah
to bring glory and inspiration.


Image: Duyal is an Arab man, albeit not a particularly
handsome one. He dresses in simply decorated robes and
makes no effort at elaborate grooming or styling. He
usually blends in with an Arab crowd, not talking much
and seeming lethargic. He only becomes energetic and
full of enthusiasm when he is working, or when he is
discussing inspirational art and its place.

Roleplaying Hints: Sacred art is your religion and
what infuses your soul. The vampiric condition is a
useful annoyance: useful in that you won't have to
stop at the end of a normal lifespan, annoying in the
need to track down prey and the inconvenience of
feeding. Try not to think about it. There are manu-
scripts to illuminate, great works to paint and
techniques to learn. Anyone who can teach you some-
thing is worth listening to. Others are at best
distractions; be polite but waste as little time as
possible on them.

Haven: Duyal has an apartment in a non-descript
neighborhood, with a backup in a nearby warehouse.
Secrets: Duyal doesn't care much about the secrets of
others, though he'd be glad to learn more about the lives
of artists he admires.

Influence: The only influence Duyal could wield comes
from appreciative clients, but as long as he's supplied
with work and the tools of his trade, he's content.
Destiny: Duyal learns of Marcus's existence and his-
tory, and decides to take action against him to protect
the holy churches of the city (many of them Elsh's
handiwork) from the defiler. He departs after a falling
out with Nasawi in 1204, and continues to ply his craft
over the centuries. After a series of close brushes with
vampire-hunters in the 14th century, he enters a period
of wandering, finally settling down in Madrid, just in
time for the Reconquista. He flees again, and in the early
16th century falls into Tzimisce hands. After suffering
the horrors of extended experimentation, he finally
finds peace in True Death.

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Nasawi

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Innovator

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1175

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Leadership 2
Skills: Crafts 4 (Illumination), Etiquette 2, Herbalism
1, Ride 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 4 (Calligraphy), Hearth Wis-
dom 2, Investigation 1, Occult 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Presence 1
Backgrounds: Influence 2, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Road: Road of Humanity 6

Willpower: 5

TREMERE

Working to establish a mercantile foothold, the
Tremere also search for Salubri. They will be galvanized
into action, once they discover the Salubri underground,
and a Cainite slaughter to rival the mortal one of 1099 is
a very real possibility.

Mara

Background: Mara was an ambitious student of
mysticism and magic in a Chantry on the western
outskirts of Latvia in the 11th century when she discov-
ered the haven of her mentor and surmised the true
nature of her House. Greedy for advancement, she drew
a series of clever bargains and deceptions to secure her
position. Her beauty, skill and talent attracted the
attention of the Chantry master, who chose to Embrace
her at the prime of her years. He later made an offer of
mutual affection and the exchange of the blood oath
with her in return for her own Chantry — but after he
fell prey to a Belorussian Tzimisce's claws, the Tremere
Council decided to transfer Mara to an important, but
highly remote and dangerous post.

Since 1194, Mara has been the official outrider for
Tremere operations in Jerusalem. Her duty is to work
promoting Tremere-backed Baltic merchants of her


homeland and lay the groundwork for future expansion.
Not only are her outposts near Acre and Jerusalem
forward stations of the Tremere-supported proto-
Hanseatic League, but they are also the foundation of
other plans the clan has for the region and its rich
heritage of occult treasures. Added to these complex
goals was another, more straightforward directive. Mara
is to investigate the rumors of the evil spirit or Cainite

of Saulot's brood or a student of Saulot —and if it is, she
is to destroy it, though no specific suggestions were made
on how precisely she is to go about this.

To accomplish these tasks, Mara has her apprentice
and a relatively experienced Gargoyle. She is forbidden
to sire any additional childer, and under no circum-
stances is she to reveal herself to local magicians. To her
credit, Mara has done well for herself. An adept politi-
cian, she has managed to set up the groundwork for a
larger operation against the hostility of Venetian mer-
chants, with severely limited resources — and even turn
a small profit.

She has fared less well in her more direct task. After
hearing some of the local fables and stories of Mandalay,
she has postponed the issue of how to deal with the
Cainite, and does not even know where to start with the
hunt. Mara also does not know of any of the Salubri of
the city, though she would certainly do everything
within her power to eliminate them if she were to
discover proof of their existence.

Mara knows that her assignment here is a golden
opportunity as well as an exile. What she does with the
situation is entirely up to her.

Image: Mara is a short, thin woman with an attractive,
round face and sleepy eyes. Pale-faced in life, death has
made her the medieval ideal of beauty, with crimson lips
and snow-white skin. Her hair is as black as coal and her
eyes are a deep black as well, with the iris almost
indistinguishable from the pupil. Mara dresses in a vari-
ety of styles, but usually wears the full dress of a wealthy,
but pious, muslima.

Roleplaying Hints: If you want something done, do it
yourself. People are either incompetent, self-aggrandiz-
ing or both. The most anyone can be trusted with is
busywork that is either so simple that a child could do it
in half the time allotted, or that looks prestigious but is
actually meaningless and won't damage anything impor-
tant when they fail at it. You use your hand-picked
Dominated ghouls for daytime work and travel, but
otherwise do things yourself. You're actually quite happy
to be here alone — neither Rusticus nor Vaclav has any
ambition at all, so you can actually get something done.
If other Tremere were here, Chantry politicking would
ensure that you'd never be able to accomplish anything.

JERUSHLEM BY NIGHT

Haven: Mara and the rest of her Jerusalem Chantry
make their haven in the basement ofa large villa outside
the city walls. The more mundane inhabitants of the
villa, the Baltic merchants she sponsors, are her ghouls
and catspaws in the daylight world. Most of the mer-
chants are so driven from the blood oath and her use of
Dominate that they have to be sedated in order to sleep.
Their bizarre behavior is beginning to attract some
attention in the city.

Secrets: During her inquiries into the local lore about
Mandalay, Marahasalso heard rumors thataCappadocian
elder scribe and his childe are studying ancient mystical
texts of unknown powers. Mara is intrigued by the
prospects of infiltrating this compound and studying
these scrolls herself — the promise of arcane studies
unknown to the Tremere elders may bring her further
power and status within the clan.

Through Tremere merchant contacts in
Constantinople, Mara also knows about the Eyes of
the Dracon, though she has not yet met Alexus. She
is carefully monitoring the growth of his information
network with the mercantile community, and while
she doesn't think she knows all the operatives, she is
fairly certain she knows enough of them to blind the
Dracon for at least a short while.

Influence: Through her ghouls, Mara has a significant
influence in the foreign quarter. While she is obviously
limited by the presence of the Venetian Magdalena, she
still has a long reach. She also wants to approach the
Cappadocian Adam at some point, though she is waiting
for the right opportunity to do so.

Destiny: Mara successfully sets up the Jerusalem
Chantry and is recalled to central Europe after promis-
ing her Tremere elders news and learning from the
distant Holy City. She is destroyed in 1261, leading an
expedition against an alliance of several Tzimisce lords.
Clan: Tremere

Sire: Randeux

Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1072

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (Cunning), Ap-
pearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 2, Etiquette 3, Ride 2,
Stealth 3, Survival 1


Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Occult 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex,3, Dominate 4, Thaumaturgy 4
Thaumaturgical Path: Rego Vitae 4, Creo Ignem 3,
Rego Mutos 3

Backgrounds: Influence 1, Resources 3, Retainers 2
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Willpower: 7

Road: Road of Humanity 6

VACLAV

Background:Vaclav was apprenticed for several
years before being Embraced by Mara in 1199. She
gained permission to Embrace him when he was twenty-
four, and he finished the last three years of his
apprenticeship as a Cainite. One year later, the two of
them were ordered to begin preparations for the trip to
Jerusalem. For the last four years, he has been serving as
Mara'ssole subordinate other than the Gargoyle Rusticus.

This enforced continuation of apprenticeship would
probably be a lot harder to bear if Mara weren't con-
vinced that any job important enough to need doing is
too important to leave to your subordinates. While her
ghouled merchants are treated like extensions of herself
(which they quite often are), Vaclav and Rusticus spend
most of their nights idle.

Given that the only duty that Mara is willing to trust
him with is holding down a chair at the Chantry,
Vaclav's existence could easily be both unrewarding and
dull — especially given that he finished mastering the
last Thaumaturgy text in the Chantry last year. Thank-
fully, Vaclav and Rusticus have found their personalities
tobe rather compatible, and become friends. For the last

UN

N/

KY

year or so, Vaclav has been teaching the Gargoyle
Thaumaturgy in exchange for lessons in personal de-
fense. While they're fairly certain Mara would object to
this, they haven't mentioned it to her and haven't
received any orders to the contrary. So, for as long as it's
not actually forbidden...

When he isn't tutoring the Gargoyle in magic,
Vaclav typically spends several hours a night practic-
ing rituals to defend the haven, reading whatever
texts he can convince the ghouls to pick up at the
bookseller's stalls, and teaching himself Arabic. He is
desperately hoping that more Tremere will arrive in
Jerusalem soon, or that he and Mara will be recalled
back to Europe. While he understands that he poten-
tially has forever to see the world, that doesn't make
living in a basement for three years any more enjoy-
able. However much he resents his place, he also
knows that even he and Rusticus acting together
would stand no chance if they chose to rebel against
Mara. If she didn't defeat them, the combined might
of the clan would.

Image: Vaclav is a personable, if somewhat bookish,
man in his mid-20s, with only a dusting of pox marks
across his face. Fairly attractive, he dresses well (the
ghouls buy him the latest fashions), but has a perpetual
squint from poor eyesight. He has recently taken to
carrying a sword, and his wrists are thickening from
fencing practice.

Roleplaying Hints: You are bored almost to the point
of open rebellion. You are a talented, intelligent young
man who has spent the last three years living in a
basement. There aren't even any more magical texts for
you to study, so you study the local historical and reli-
gious texts instead. Alive, you were happy and vivacious
— now, after the Embrace, you are slowly sinking into
morose depression. You are also an eternal apprentice,
stuck forever in the same position in your relationship
with Mara that you held when you were Embraced. You
can't wait until something — anything — changes. If
someone approaches you with an opportunity to break
out of your rut, you'll gladly seize it, and think about the
consequences later.

Haven: Vaclav also lives in the basement of the Baltic
merchant house. He sleeps outside Mara's door.
Secrets: Vaclav doesn't know a damn thing — not even
about House Tremere. He does, however, dress ex-
tremely well.

Influence: The house servants and Rusticus always
listen to what Vaclav says, at least unless Mara has told
them not to.

Destiny: Vaclav survives to a ripe old age, and be-
comes a major figure in the apparatus of the Vienna
Chantry. The Seven sentence him to his Final Death in


1873 after they discover evidence of his 200-year prac-
tice of infernalism.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Mara

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1189

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4 (Quick), Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Leadership 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Archery 1, Etiquette 2, Melee 2,
Ride 2, Stealth 3, Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 1, Law 1,
Occult 1, Politics 1, Seneschal 2

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 4, Thaumaturgy 4
Thaumaturgical Paths: Rego Vitae 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Influence 1, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Road of Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

Rusticus (GARGOYLE)

Background: Rusticus has vague memories of the
time before his Embrace. He remembers gardening and
a life spent as a professional soldier. Other than that,
there is nothing before he awakened in a Tremere
Chantry in Hungary. Loyal to his masters, Rusticus is
glad to be serving in the Holy Land (or anywhere, really).

Like his regular companion, Vaclav, Rusticus has
been generally limited to staying in the Chantry to
provide security and manual labor.

In the three years that Rusticus has been at the
Chantry, he has made it as secure as funds and
secrecy allow. For the last two and a half years, the
upkeep has taken about two hours a night. As a
result, he has had every available gargoyle ritual
performed on him by Vaclav. He has also learned to
garden in the dark, play chess, read and write simple
German, and has been learning the basics of
Thaumaturgy from Vaclav in exchange for fencing
and pankration lessons.

Outside his job, Rusticus is a gentle creature, though
he suspects that he was far less congenial in his previous
existence. This doesn't make him any less dangerous
while he's performing his duty; uninvited visitors to the
Chantry are likely to have their heads twisted around
backwards. Rusticus buries the bodies in the base of the
compost heap. The newly interred join several unlucky
thieves and the dust of a Ravnos who annoyed Mara one
too many times.

Rusticus is not a particularly reflective being. He
does his duties, he feeds and when neither food nor his
job presses him, he improves himself or sleeps. While
his lost existence does not trouble him, he is some-
what curious about what he was before becoming
Rusticus the Gargoyle. Rusticus's condition is best
described as "wistful" — he in no way wishes to return
to his previous condition; he is quite happy as the
creature he is today, and would actually turn down the
chance to return to being his old self. On the other
hand, he is curious about just what sort of person he
was before the ritual. While he would never betray his
post to get at information about his past (it just isn't
that important to him), Rusticus would be quite thank-
ful to anyone who could provide him with stories that
might contain some truth. He is occasionally given to
writing stories about his past, ranging from the wildly
fantastic to the strangely mundane. As he is a Spartan
creature, this diary of fantastic pasts is Rusticus's only
real personal possession.

Image: Rusticus is a former Tzimisce turned Gar-
goyle. He appears to be a large, stony, bipedal figure. Not
at all blocky, Rusticus is a creature of smooth curves and
sharp spines. His skin is naturally covered in a baroque
intaglio of design. Rusticus is not some rough-hewn
waterspout to adorn a second-rate cathedral somewhere;
he is a work of art in his own right.

Roleplaying Hints: At some level, you know
that, once upon a time, you were a very unkind crea-
ture. The magic that created you prevents you from
really conceiving the idea of disliking your job, but
within the parameters of your job, you strive not to


think about what you have to do (or might have done).
Youare inquisitive, not erudite. Your fury burns slowly,
but when it is kindled, it burns hot. You have some
affection for Vaclav, and anyone who seeks to harm
him earns your implacable enmity.

Haven: Rusticus also lives in the Tremere Chantry. He
sleeps in the basement, between its entrance and the
quarters of Vaclav and Mara.

Secrets: Mara told Rusticus recently she might need
him for some heavy lifting in the near future, and
Rusticus knows a good deal about Mandalay.
Influence: Vaclav thinks very highly of Rusticus, as
does the woman who runs the Chantry kitchen.
Destiny: One of the most loyal and distinguished of the
early Gargoyles, Rusticus survives the destruction of
Mara's expedition. Rusticus dies at the hands of the
Spanish Inquisition in 1561, covering the escape of
several Tremere elders from the country.

Bloodline: Gargoyle, formerly Tzimisce

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Defender

Generation: 10th

Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: Unknown

Physical: Strength 5 (Rocklike Fists), Dexterity 4 (Ag-
ile Flyer), Stamina 5 (Battle Hardened)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception3 , Intelligence 3, Wits 4 (On Guard)
Talents: Alertness 4 (Ambushes), Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 4 (Overt Violence)

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 1, Herbalism 2, Melee 4
(Swords), Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Hearth Wisdom 2, Investi-
gation 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 1

Disciplines: Fortitude 2, Gargoyle Flight 4, Potence 3,
Visceratika 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Virtues: Conviction 5, Instinct 4, Courage 4

Road: Road of the Beast 6

Willpower: 8

TZIMISCE

The venerable Tzimisce seem somewhat out of place
in Jerusalem. Phantom-like, Mandalay has recently re-
turned—orhasit? Alexus Simocatta gathers information
for the Dracon and the Keeper of the Faith, but they do
not explain their goals to him. Fortunately for the
Tzimisce, the other clans are barely aware of their
presence. It's safer for all concerned that way.

Background: Mandalay came out of the East, out
of Persia, from the darkness of Nebuchadnezzar's reign
when it first learned of Jerusalem. Like a dust devil on
the night's winds, it chose to accompany and plague
the thousands of refugees returning to Jerusalem in
538 BCE, in the time of Cyrus. Mandalay spoke little
and was seen less; some called it ademon, others called
it a monster. The wise among the rabbis said that it
was cursed with the blood of Caine, and the knowl-
edgeable left the stealthy beast to its own devices. It
fed only on the lowest refugees from Babylon. The few
attempts made to find its place of slumber during the
day were fruitless, but during the night its form was
sometimes seen outside the camp or as a shadow
walking between the tents.

Mandalay came to the ruins of Jerusalem with the
pilgrims, and they never saw its thin, shadowy form
striding along in the dusk again. A few bodies were found
in isolated parts of the ruins, and soon these places were
shunned by night. As for the wasting illnesses and the
occasional death that struck the pagans who lived be-
yond the city's fallen walls? So much the better then, if
they avoided the shadow of the city of their betters.
Perhaps it was not just from anger at their exclusion from
the rites of the faith that the local inhabitants threw
stones at the returning Jerusalemites. Whatever the case,
it was a fruitless gesture.

And this is the history of Mandalay. Since the
rebuilding of the walls, it has been a shadow among
shadows, a legend to the legendary. Perhaps the eldest
of the Cainites of Jerusalem, it is a fearful myth even
among the other hunters of the night. Twice, other
descendants of the blood of Caine have attempted to


hunt Mandalay for its blood. The first was a Carthaginian
Brujah desperate for power to aid her home city in its
struggle with Rome. She hunted Mandalay for three
nights, then was never seen again. Almost three centu-
ries later, shortly after the birth of the Empire, aRoman
Lasombra came with the army of Titus to claim
Mandalay's blood as his own. In the form of a great,
savage monster, it set upon the Lasombra as he hunted
with his companions through the battle-scarred ruins
of Jerusalem. In a battle that was witnesses by several
other Cainites, it tore him to pieces, cast the pieces to
the four winds and then disappeared.

Some say Mandalay is less mysterious than it seems.
There are texts that survive from Babylon that say that
Mandalay displays the third eye, and is a childe and
student of Saulot. The majority of those Cainites who
make it their business to study such matters, however,
believe that Mandalay was actually once Keres, a fifth
generation descendant of Tzimisce. Several ghouls
claim to have seen Mandalay's desert-brown form stand-
ing atop the walls at dusk when the wind is blowing in
a storm. Others say they have seen it walking among
the lepers with the Nosferatu Kothar in the valley of
Hinnom. The truth of these rumors has never been
ascertained; for now, Mandalay is one of Jerusalem's
most terrifying enigmas.

Image: Mandalay is thin, dusty figure, either shaped
by Vicissitude or worn down by the weight of years into
a sexless, desiccated mummy. Inordinately dexterous
and graceful, Mandalay seems to flicker from location to
location, rather than to walk as mortals do. Mandalay
usually wears a dirty djellabah, but has occasionally been
seen to walk naked. As rumored, Mandalay does indeed
possess the third eye, though the vampire is usually
careful to hide the extra orb. Mandalay's voice is the
whisper of dust over polished bones.

Roleplaying Hints: Mandalay is ancient, mysteri-
ous, predatory and patient. It has survived a very long
time, and learned amazing things. It has no intention of
ending its existence in the foreseeable future. However,
Mandalay occasionally has aneed for information. Some-
times these investigations are into the disposition and
condition of the remains of famous persons, or of those
buried in certain auspicious locations. At other times,
they are inquiries into the process of death and dying.
Mandalay has, from time to time, approached Cainites it
does not perceive as powerful enough to pose a threat
and hired them to help with its research.

Haven: A dweller among tombs, Mandalay spends
its days sleeping in the soil of one of the city's cemeteries.
It has no permanent haven, though it is known to have
access to money and other enticements, so it must have
caches of such secreted somewhere in the city.

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Secrets: Mandalay lives in isolation from the rest of
the city's Cainite population. While it knows Alexus's
mission and the location of Canis's lair, as well as the
havens of many other vampires, it is largely blind to
political goings-on. It has some idea that Mara is here on
orders to hunt it, but has seen no actual preparations to
do so on her part.

Influence: Mandalay has no real influence on the
city as a whole, other than a near-undisputed control
over its places of burial and the witnessed ability to tear
seasoned Cainite warriors limb from limb.

Destiny: Mandalay continues to fade in and out of
history. It is seen in Poland and Germany during the
Reformation and in Mexico during the reign of Napo-
leon II. Always a creature of the dead, its motives
remain uncertain, and its true ends a mystery. It is
believe to be responsible for the deaths of eleven
members of the Giovanni clan who attempted to cap-
ture it on the suspicion it might be related to
Cappadocius in some way.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Barbarian

Generation: 5th (as near as can be determined)
Embrace: Unknown

Apparent Age: impossibly ancient

Physical: Strength 5 (Vicious), Dexterity 4 (Graceful),
Stamina 6 (Tireless)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (Persuasive), Ap-
pearance 0

Mental: Perception 5 (Keen-Eyed), Intelligence 5
(Knowledgeable), Wits 4 (Cunning)

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 5 (Sixth Sense), Athletics
4 (Leaps), Brawl 4 (Rend), Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimi-
dation 5 (Reputation), Subterfuge 4 (Subtle)

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Melee 4 (Staves), Ride 1, Stealth
5 (Lurk), Survival 4 (Badlands)

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Linguistics 4 (Common
Parlance), Occult 4 (Ancient Wisdom)

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 6, Fortitude 5, Mortis 2,
Potence 5, Valeren 5, Vicissitude 6

Virtues: Conviction 5, Instinct 4, Courage 5

Road: Road of Bones 8

Willpower: 10

ALExus SIMOCATTA

Background: Alexus Simocatta was a talented,
young secular scholar in Byzantium during the reign of
Basil II, Bulgar-slayer. While his family's position had
been weakened during the iconoclastic controversy,
Alexus was an accomplished architect and illustrator.


His illustrations were much in demand for stained-glass
windows, and his designs for chapels and villas were
sought after by the rich and famous and imitated by lesser
architects. He was alsoa man of great personal faith, who
refrained from the priesthood only because he knew his
talents lay elsewhere.

At the age of 31, Simocatta was at the height of his
creativity, and married to the 23-year-old daughter of
one of the empire's finest generals. While supervising
the renovation ofa transept, a block slipped and struck
him in the face. The scaffolding he was on collapsed,
and he felt almost 30 feet to the stone floor below. His
broken body was rushed to a chirurgeon, but even the
youngest of the masons had to know it was hopeless as
they carried Alexus's body through the streets, using a
pew for a stretcher.

Alexus was buried in a somber spectacle, but some-
where between the time the architect left his house that
fateful morning and the moment the last breath left his
body, a switch was made. How much had been planned,
and for how long, is known only to the enigmatic
Byzantine Tzimisce known as the Keeper of the Faith.
Whatever the case, the body that lies in the grave of
Alexus Simocatta is surely not Alexus Simocatta's.

Alexus woke with the setting sun, with a great
hunger within him. They gave to him and he drank,
what choice did he have? After he was sated, the Keeper's
soothing voice related to Simocatta the circumstances
of his death. In due time, Alexus was trained for work in
the Library of the Forgotten. It soon became clear that
his potential was being wasted as a librarian, and that he
would never be at home in the library's underground
scriptoriums. As a result, he was retrained and sent

south, to Jerusalem. There, he would act as the eyes of the
Keeper of the Faith, and, through him, of the mysterious
Cainite known as the Dracon.

Alexus uses several methods of keeping in touch
with the Keeper of the Faith, from the regular (messages
carried by sea captains) to the exotic (ghoul passenger
pigeons modified with Vicissitude for speed and endur-
ance). Every message is sent along several different
routes, so that the loss or interception of one or even two
will not blind the Keeper and Dracon to some important
development.

Image: Alexus is a clear-faced man who has man-
aged to retain much of his color in death. A worker as
well as a planner in life, Simocatta is well muscled. He
walks with a slight limp, and those who see him without
a shirt note his back is slightly twisted. Well fed, he has
a slight paunch, but is by no means fat. He dresses
inconspicuously, though his hands are usually stained
with inks and pigments — the Embrace may have dulled
his ability, but he still creates on occasion.

Roleplaying Hints: A scholar and a gentleman,
you have been a master of several trades, married to the
daughter of a successful general and an agent of one the
most powerful individuals in existence. You are a pleas-
ant fellow, but the Dracon and the Keeper of the Faith
didn't send you here to be pushed around. As long as
people treat you with the respect you deserve, you're
perfectly amiable (though this doesn't mean you'll give
them things; you'll just be polite in your refusal). People
who don't seem to understand proper behavior don't
merit your attention.

Haven: Alexus has spent the last 60 years in
Jerusalem, leaving the city and living in the nearby
countryside after fires or in times of plague and immi-
nent sack. He knows of most of the city's Cainite
population, including the Tremere. His personal ac-
quaintances include Canis, with whom he shares a
relationship of grudging respect, and Varsik, though
the trader's engaging tales are spun of meaningless
gossamer as often as substance. Alexus maintains
several havens in various places throughout the city.
He favors grain silos, warehouses, old wells and other
places where the chance of discovery is low.

Secrets: Simocatta doesn't make it his business to
pry into the lives of the city's other vampires any more
than necessary to carry out his job. His position as the
Eyes of the Dracon is one of spy and spy-master, yes.
However, the Dracon is — quite rightly — much more
concerned with the events in the mundane world than
with the Cainite community. Michael and his Dream are
powerful enough to withstand the depredations of his
fellow Cainites.

It is from the dynamic, changing world outside the
Byzantine sphere of influence that the Dracon knows


threats arise. Alexus Simocatta knows little or nothing
of his fellow Cainites' secrets. But the mundane secrets
of the living Jerusalem are his meat and drink. Little goes
on in Jerusalem, or the Holy Land as a whole, that does
not come to Simocatta's ear. Alexus relies on a well-paid
net of informants and spy-ghouls whose appearance
changes according to his needs for them.

Influence: Simocatta has a great deal of influence
in Jerusalem and the other cities of the region. He has
extensive contacts in the mercantile, political and mili-
tary spheres. He studiously avoids involvementinclerical
affairs, though he is equally studious about using as part
of his network those who have already walked a good
distance down the road of corruption. Alexus's influence
goes largely unexerted, however; he is a servant of a
greater power. For now, that power remains inactive.

That doesn't mean that he doesn't use a great deal of
blackmail, subornation, bribery and intimidation on a
night-to-night basis. Those are the basic tools of espio-
nage, after all. It's just that these are used to maintain
and nourish the organization, not pointed towards some
end. Alexus's spies exist to gather information, not act
onit. Theycanact, of course, it just that doing so isn't the
primary focus of his organization.

Destiny: Alexus Simocatta continues as the ser-
vant of the Dracon until 1481, when he is killed by an
unknown Assamite assassin. After his destruction, his
spy network crumbles.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Keeper of the Faith

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1018

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (Smooth), Ap-
pearance 2

Mental: Perception 4 (Penetrating), Intelligence 3,
Wits 2

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Larceny 1, Leadership 2,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 4 (Architecture), Etiquette 3, Melee 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 2, Law 1
Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 2, Potence 2, Vicissitude 5
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Influence 3, Men-
tor 5, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Road: Road of Heaven 7

Willpower: 8

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

ENTRUE

The Ventrue are biding their time and gathering
resources. They wait for the next great Crusade, and
intend to be in position to benefit. For now, they know
that their rivals have the upper hand within the city, and
as such avoid open confrontation.

Lacius TreBius RUFus

Background: Lucius Trebius Rufus comes from
one of the minor aristocratic families of southern Italy.
He preferred action to a settled life, so his relatives
arranged a military command along the Libyan frontier
in 57 CE. The assignment provided few opportunities
for glory, but a great deal of combat against rebels,
including both nomads who refused to submit to Ro-
man rule and a myriad of independent brigands. During
breaks in the intermittent fighting, Lucius gradually
developed a philosophical interest in the Christianity
professed by some travelers, though his faith was more
contemplative than devotional.

After a distinguished military career, Lucius was
promoted to an administrative position and returned
home to his family's estate near Herculaneum. The
peace of retirement was short-lived, however, as the
nearby volcano of Mt. Vesuvius erupted only two
years later. During the chaos that followed, his calm,
organized efforts helped save the lives of many, in-

cluding his own family and servants as well as the
household of a Ventrue who owned a neighboring
villa. During the weeks following the eruption, Lucius
and the Cainite talked of duty, self-sacrifice, courage
and meaning, and soon afterwards the Ventrue offered
the aging Roman the Embrace.


Gradually the Trebius family fell into decline,
and in the 2nd century CE Lucius moved north to
establish a new familial estate. The line's fortunes
rose and fell repeatedly during the next centuries. The
instabilities of the Roman Empire and his own ques-
tions of faith led Trebius to search for a grander
guiding principle and return to the Christian ideals
which had intrigued him as a youth. After Embracing
his first childe, the pious Leufruy, he chose a belief in
God and the Church to complement his chivalrous
and honorable nature. He held no particular influ-
ence within his clan, but when the pope called the
First Crusade, he eagerly joined in his persona as
French Count Remi of Provence. By going to war for
the Lord, Lucius hoped to find a renewal of purpose at
the site of his first illumination.

The reality proved more complex and ambiguous.
While glad to be back in Jerusalem, Lucius finds it
difficult to listen to the spirit in the midst of endless
politicking. The only good to come from the whole mess
is the Lasombra's relative fall from grace, as Lucius's
influence played a significant role in the return of the
Church of the Holy Sepulcher to the Greek Orthodox a
decade ago. Now he patiently waits for Christian rein-
forcements and sympathy to build, and for Paliuro's
influence to crumble as he destroys himself. Lucius then
hopes to drive out all infidels and other unworthy
Cainites, and establish a wise and just protective canopy
over the Holy City.

Lucius is rather underestimated by other Cainites;
they see him as an echo of the crusader power, de-
feated by Salah al-Din's armies and unbalanced by
mortal military affairs. Magdalena's interference with
the already weak Roman Lasombra gives him the
freedom to gather his forces and concentrate his
influence on the newer, weaker Cainites. He particu-
larly seeks to undermine Varsik, as well as eliminate
assassins who surely infiltrate his guard, and he has
entrusted his childe Leufruy to exacerbate the ten-
sions between Boniface and Azif. The demise of Salah
al-Din has provided an opportunity, and Lucius will
seize it, honorably, when the treaty of peace between
Muslim and Christian ends.

Image: "Rufus" is Latin for "ted," and as his Latin
nickname indicates, Lucius is a redhead with fiery hair
and pale blue eyes. His complexion was fair even in life
and he retains some scatter of freckles. He dresses in the
finest clothes he can obtain, with Roman motifs from his
youth incorporated into modern designs.

Roleplaying Hints: You've discovered your cause:
the protection and sanctification of this Holy City. You
gladly cooperate with all believers and even with righ-
teous pagans, but there can be no just compromises with
the wicked. For five centuries you were aimless, and for

another five you were patient. Now it is time to act for
the future of faith and honor.

Haven: Lucius owns a manor with a view of the
Temple.

Secrets: Lucius has friends in the fighting monastic
orders, among both the few remaining Hospitallers as
well as the Templars. While Lucius does not hold high
office, generations of well-developed contacts have given
him a small but effective network of ghouls throughout
the French and Italian commands.

Influence: Through his ghouls, Lucius exerts sub-
stantial influence over French decisions throughout the
crusader kingdoms. He seldom chooses to intervene in
matters of policy, though his ghouls do push an agenda of
harsh punishment for cowardice, desertion and infidelity.

Destiny: Lucius's childe Vicelin is an early sup-
porter of the Sabbat revolt. Lucius and his first childe
Leufruy both fall to Diablerie.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Gaius Cassius

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Tyrant

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 79 CE

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 4 (Lean), Dexterity 5 (Swift),
Stamina 5 (Tough)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4 (Keen), Intelligence 3, Wits 4
(Steady)

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4 (Edgy), Athletics 3,
Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 4 (Political),
Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 2, Crafts 1, Etiquette 3,
Melee 4 (Swords), Ride 4 (Mounted Combat), Stealth 2,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 2, Law 2,
Occult 1, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Dominate 7, Forti-
tude 5, Potence 5, Presence 6

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Influence 3, Re-
sources 3, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Road: Road of Heaven 7

Willpower: 8

LEUFRUY OF PROVENCE

Background: Leufruy came to Lucius's attention
during the reign of Sigebert, a hundred years or so after
Lucius moved up from Italy. Leufruy shared Lucius's sense
of valorand duty, and combined these with an unshakable
religious conviction that Lucius found intriguing. After


prolonged deliberation, Lucius Embraced Leufruy to cre-
ate a follower who would last more than a generation —
and, Lucius gradually realized, to act as a sounding-board
for Lucius's developing questions about his faith. While
he never overtly challenged Lucius, Leufruy nonetheless
encouraged his sire along a path of righteous conviction.
It was Leufruy who first made contacts on his sire's behalf
with other Ventrue, and who drew Lucius into prepara-
tions for the Crusades.

Leufruy now devotes his time to preparing for the
battles that are sure to come; God will not allow the
heathens to hold Jerusalem forever. While escorting
supplies along the important military route between
Jerusalem and Acre, he was blessed with a vision of
another holy Crusade, which would capture Jerusalem
from the south after seizing Egypt. With his sire's support
Leufruy has also started to conspire against Azif and the
other Muslim Cainites; Etheria has told him of Adam's
debt of protection to the Brujah, and he will call on this
assistance when the time comes for deliberate action.

Image: Leufruy is of average height and extremely
muscular build, with long, rough-cut blond hair and blue
eyes like those of his sire. He doesn't care about niceties
of appearance, relying on commanding presence rather
than elaborate clothes to make his status clear.

Roleplaying Hints: You have never experienced
the doubts yoursire did. You know in your bones that you
serve the holiest of causes and that your deeds are
pleasing to God. Whatever harm you may commit will
be all be justified on the Day of Reckoning by the good
you've done. Those who do not share your conviction
are at worst enemies to be destroyed immediately, and at
best tools to be used and then discarded. You have no

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

obligations toward those who reject the truth, but wis-
dom dictates that they should sometimes be exploited
where it can help ensure victory.

Haven: Leufruy shares Lucius's manor.

Secrets: In his role as escort, Leufruy overhears a
great deal said by thoughtless travelers. He has a broad
grasp of the conflicts among crusader factions and some
sense of who favors cooperation with the Muslims. These
latter are high on his list of enemies.

Influence: Though he chooses not to join the
fighting orders directly, Leufruy carries the respect of
the Knights Hospitaller and the Templars for his re-
peatedly demonstrated courage. He supplements his
sire's network of ghouls with a smaller system of con-
tacts of his own. Through them he wields substantial
power at points of embarkation — with a few words he
can get a shipment "lost" or "delayed," or another one
greatly expedited.

Destiny: Like his sire Lucius, Leufruy gets diablerized
by Vicelin in the opening years of the Sabbat revolt.
Clan: Ventrue
Sire: Lucius
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 11th
Embrace: 570 CE
Apparent Age: late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4 (Inspiring), Manipulation 3, Ap-
pearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4 (Discerning), Wits 3
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 1, Crafts 1, Etiquette 3,
Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 4 (Theology), Investigation
2, Law 1, Occult 1, Politics 2, Seneschal 2
Disciplines: Dominate 4, Fortitude 4, Potence 3, Pres-
ence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Influence 2, Re-
sources 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Road: Road of Heaven 6

Willpower: 8

VICELIN OF MARSEILLES

Background: Vicelin came to Leufruy's attention
during the 1090s, while Lucius was building his position of
influence within the Ventrue of France. Lucius chose to
Embrace Vicelin himself, somewhat to Leufruy's displea-
sure; to allay Leufruy's resentment, Lucius had to promise
his first childe the right to create childer of his own soon.


Vicelin is a ruthlessly dedicated advocate of the
Crusade, and an enthusiastic supporter of efforts to weed
out all heresy and doctrinal confusion as well. His
passion for Christendom matched Lucius's own growing
fervor, so it was a happy meeting of minds. Vicelin
promptly took to the use of Cainite abilities to be that
much more effective a warrior for orthodoxy.

What neither sire nor fellow childe realizes is that
Vicelin is completely amoral. As a child he practiced
random cruelty; as he grew up he looked for the institu-
tion that would offer him the most opportunities and
most protection for the same, and settled on the Church.
When he began to suspect the existence of vampires, he
set out to make himself attractive to them. In due time
he will turn on others of his clan, but for now he's
continuing to earn respect and the opportunities that
come with it.

Image: Vicelin is the very image of heroic chivalry,
astrong-jawed, steely-eyed man with an almost monas-
tic tonsure and armor that shows the scars of the many
dangerous battles he's fought. He speaks in calm, mea-
sured tones except when in battle or feeding on victims
who cannot escape. Unlike his sire, he very much favors
the trappings of power, to let inferiors know just how
important he is.

Roleplaying Hints: On the surface, you're the
perfect warrior of the faith, zealously bringing righ-
teousness to all around you. No impurity of word or
deed escapes you. What only your carefully-chosen
victims learn is that the surface is only an illusion. It's
a role you play for the sake of the opportunities it
provides. You can hardly wait for the next moment

y

when some sinner waits for chastisement, only to find
that you're not terribly interested in repentance. The
bodies you then dispose of in whatever way is handy at
the time.

Haven: Vicelin has a simple home near Lucius's manor.

Secrets: Vicelin knows little of the secrets that swirl
around him; his strength lies in being able to guess
accurately enough to give the appearance of greater
knowledge than he actually possesses. When he wants
longer-term leverage, he parlays his intimidation of
underlings into useful information about their superiors,
but he does this haphazardly.

Influence: Many of the more devout crusaders
respect Vicelin as an example of what they wish all
crusaders were. Only a few feel some discomfort in his
presence, sensing or catching a glimpse of his inner
nature. He's also gaining respect among Ventrue ranks as
a careful planner with a good grasp of the weaknesses of
key enemies.

Destiny: Vicelin dabbles in politics and the
Church for centuries, spending some time under the
aegis of the See of Nod after meeting Narses on a trip
west. The formation of the Sabbat offers Vicelin the
opportunity for action he'd been waiting for. He
diablerizes his kin, then embroils himself in the
tangle of Sabbat politics. Unfortunately for him, he
finds that he's not nearly as good at it as some others,
and around 1700 he finally perishes as food for more
effective plotters.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Lucius

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1092

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4 (Barrel Chest), Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Intimidation 3, Larceny 1, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 2, Crafts 1, Etiquette 1,
Melee 4 (Hammers), Ride 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Politics 2

Disciplines: Dominate 4, Fortitude 3, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Influence 1, Men-
tor 3, Resources 2, Status 1

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 4, Courage 4

Road: Road of the Beast 8

Willpower: 8


Om: Azz Yl

ij

NL


Storytelling in
Ferusnlem

the greatest atteactionof the Dak Whedi-
eval world lies in the ability of characters to
shape the futuce. the mobvern ambiance of the
Wlasquerade remains centuries aveoan,
would of 1197 bristles with ideas and beliefs far
cernoved from the despaietidd9en nights of
vas stands beforeyou, the Storyteller, woaiting
to absorb the dark pigments with which you
paint your chronicle.


Now, admittedly, there's a tendency sometimes
to tune out part orall ofachapter called "Storytelling,"
especially if you're an old hand at the game. Any
good Storyteller can weave a captivating tapestry of
plot, mood and theme in her game, even one set
eight centuries in the past. Obviously, creativity,
common sense and an overriding concern for the
players' enjoyment go a long way toward making
yours a memorable chronicle.

Nevertheless, a fresh perspective always helps,
particularly with a historical city sourcebook. Dark
Medieval Jerusalem offers a host of possibilities for
your chronicle, but many of these possibilities may not
always be immediately visible. With that in mind, this
chapter attempts to illuminate some of these avenues
for Storytelling, so that you have a wide assortment of
tools to make your Jerusalem chronicle the best and
most authentic it can be.

WELCOME TO THE
12TH CENTURY

The Middle East that appears regularly on the
evening news bears no resemblance to that of the 12th
century. Differences in enemies, allies and causes
notwithstanding, the very pace of Dark Medieval
Jerusalem demands that players and Storytellers make
some significant adjustments to how they perceive
and operate in the Holy Land.

Time and space behave far differently. The
Long Night is no misnomer, and those characters
counting on information, reinforcements or simple
weaponry can find themselves waiting very long
indeed for such rudiments. Opportunists of all sorts
routinely delay or glean supplies both inside and
outside the walls. Vital messages are often inter-
cepted, and sometimes changed just enough to
impact disastrously on the recipient's plans. Even
employing such tactics as tricking an enemy into
getting caught outside at dawn can backfire, if dawn
arrives later than expected.

The physical makeup of Jerusalem and the sur-
rounding region also influences characters'
machinations. For example, the simple act of send-
ing a message to an ally on the other side of town
becomes an adventure in itself. Jerusalem is divided
into three main quarters, one for each of the major
religious communities. Each quarter boasts its own
set of walls, gates and sentries, and each group of
inhabitants immediately distrusts any outsider, for
good reason. Any courier looking to deliver a missive
must often pass through at least two of these neigh-
borhoods, if not all three, to reach his destination —

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

and then repeat the process upon his return. Short-
cuts are out of the question; Jerusalem's bric-a-brac
architecture teems with secret passageways, dead
ends and doors that open to unexpected places —
like someone's bedchamber. The only guaranteed
route is the open, exposed one. And if the courier
looks the wrong way at any point along his journey,
he may never reach his destination.

WEAVING
THE TAPESTRY

Moop

In Jerusalem, emotion runsat a fever pitch. Decades
of bloodletting from the Crusades have left their mark
on the population. Paranoid mistrust of one's neighbors
mixes with self-righteous zealotry, producing a palpable
tension in the night air. And that's just on the mortal
side of the spectrum. The children of Caine struggle
with their own demons at levels no mortal can compre-
hend. Dark Medieval Jerusalem invokes any number of
moods that you can incorporate into your chronicle:

ALIENATION

To European Christendom, Jerusalem literally lies
on the other side of the known world. The city sits deep
within the Muslim Caliphate; its small Christian popu-
lation remains foreign to the European "liberators."
Byzantium, the crusaders' closest major ally, is hundreds
of miles away, and even its emperor's "alliance" with the
western kingdoms leaves much to be desired. Help is a
long way off; friends are hard to find; disorientation is a
close companion.

Such feelings of dislocation do not escape those
Cainites who travel to Jerusalem under the crusaders'
banners. In this case, the characters are newcomers.
Reliable networks of clanmates, ghouls and retainers
do not exist. Local Cainites, even those of the char-
acters' own clan, have their own agendas and problems
to worry about, which often do not mirror those of
the characters.

AMBITION

Ambition runs unchecked throughout the region.
Church and state are inseparable during the Dark Ages,
and the Crusades provide the perfect excuse to gain
temporal clout under a holy banner. Having tasted
initial victory in the First Crusade, European nobles
look to augment their personal fortunes and fiefdoms by
seizing land and tribute from the local populations.
Entities such as the "crusader states" of Antioch and
Tripolis and smaller citadels like the Krak des Cheva-


liers (captured by Muslims in 1187, recaptured, and
finally overwhelmed for good in 1271) hold authority
over locals and collect tolls from the endless caravans
that traverse this area of the Middle East.

The spiritual aura of the Crusades does not pre-
vent its soldiers from succumbing to the temptations
of this world, either. The pope is a temporal as well as
spiritual ruler, and the commanding general who can
find a way to vanquish the heathen invaders will
surely earn himself His Holiness' eternal gratitude.
Crusaders also remain fully aware of the lack of
support coming from Orthodox Byzantium. Captur-
ing Jerusalem gives the crusaders an ideally situated
point from which to revenge themselves on the he-
retical emperor and his waffling advisors, should the
opportunity present itself.

Ambition is no less prevalent among vampires.
Powerful elders control supplies and information for
mortal and Cainite populations alike. Politically savvy
immortals vie for the ears of prominent kine of all
faiths. Making the right connections often means the
difference between survival and Final Death for the
characters.

The location of the city itself also plays a signifi-
cant role in the overall scheme of things. Militarily
speaking, European Cainites need a stable base of
operations to strike back at the Assamites and Setites,
and they believe Jerusalem fits that description per-
fectly. Obviously, the spiritual impact of Jerusalem is
no less important. The Holy City represents a sym-
bolic as well as a political prize for vampires, as
intensely as it does for the mortal world. The confluence
of three faiths' histories within its walls promotes an
image of Jerusalem that acts asa counterbalance to the
relatively blatant corruption of Byzantium.

The course of Cainite history makes Jerusalem a
prime spiritual force for other, specifically vampiric
reasons. Simply put, the Middle East is the site of the
legendary location of the First City, the original home
of the Antediluvians. Whoever controls Jerusalem
moves into a perfect position to control the entire
Middle East, and with it the font of the Cainite race.
The very soil pulses with the memory of the Third
Generation; it raises the stakes of any chronicle and can
drive characters to desperate acts.

Jerusalem also provides a gateway to the uncharted
East, wherefrom Saulot himself reportedly returned
with insight into Golconda. Although the Tremere do
their best to discredit Saulot's childer, many Cainites
still yearn for some sort of philosophy that will bring
peace to their existences. The possibility of setting out
eastward in Saulot's footsteps, and finding Golconda
themselves, entices a good many vampires to carve out

their own claims in Jerusalem, mostly to control access
to the East.

CLAUSTROPHOBIA

The walls of Jerusalem strain from hordes of the
faithful living and passing through the city. Add to
this several factions of opportunistic Cainites, and the
building pressure threatens to burst out violently.
Even with a substantial mortal population to disap-
pear into, vampires must still take precautions to avoid
discovery. In addition, the tight squeeze of the city can
be overwhelming to visiting immortals used to the
relatively depopulated villages and rural areas of Eu-
trope. Sensory overload can often lead to a loss of
self-control, and thus to frenzy. Keeping one's per-
sonal Beast under control in the midst of Jerusalem's
inescapably kinetic atmosphere can add an interesting
twist to the plot of your chronicle.

Fairu

Vampires, by their own definition, are damned
creatures. Faith has no place in their world. At least,
that's how the theory goes.

Of course, it's never that simple. Every Cainite was
once mortal, after all, and a lifetime of prayer, worship
and wonder is not simply cast aside overnight. Newly
Embraced vampires in particular struggle with their
condition and try to reconcile their former faiths with
the long road of resigned bestiality that stretches out
before them.

Questions vex the still-devout nightly. Religion is
immutable, and the same laws and dogmatic strictures
apply to all human beings equally. But what of vam-
pires? For those Cainites still wrestling with divine law,
even necessities like feeding become troublesome.
Mosaic law forbids drinking blood outright. The Koran
allows a devout Muslim to ingest blood only in the
greatest extremity, without craving it— and that's hard
to get around if you're a vampire. As for Christianity,
Jesus commanded the apostles to eat His body and drink
His blood if they were to be saved — and if the Son of
God's blood is fit to consume, what about that of
mortals, who are made in God's image?

Moreover, the concept of salvation still resonates
among many vampires. Every character, from time to
time, wonders about his or her place in Creation.
Some Cainites believe their existence to be a test of
their mortal faith. Others wonder whether they have
been cursed to set an example for humanity. Still
others speculate whether they have been chosen for a
specific task in their Embraced state, as heralds of the
end of the world. Some simply lament their damned
nature, believing themselves forever cut off from the
prospect of Heaven.

CHAPTER AVE STORYTELLING IN JERUSALEM


Others subscribe to the idea of Golconda, accept-
ing their vampiric nature while searching to control its
more brutish aspects. Sucha philosophy remains frowned
upon by many devout immortals — Golconda denies
the salvation of Heaven and the punishment of Hell —
yet an increasing number of vampires seek a more
realistic answer to their condition, and they believe
that Golconda provides such an answer. In each of
these instances, faith defines and fuels a character's
actions, and remains relevant in any chronicle.

THEMES

The 12th century promotes a number of themes
for you to utilize in your chronicle. The social frame-
work is held together by status and lineage: in short,
blood. Status-consciousness preoccupies Cainite
thought and interaction as much as it does mortal
relationships. Treaties, arranged marriages and other
favorable exchanges among mortal nobility have
their equivalents in blood oaths and other pledges of
loyalty for Cainites.

How vampires react to such tortured political eti-
quette varies. Although powerful elders place no value
in institutions like arranged marriages, it isnot unheard
of for elders to cement treaties and alliances with each
other by exchanging prized childer. This alone can
present problems, especially if the whelps in question
do not fancy being treated as cattle. On the other side
of the coin, vampires devoid of appropriate status may
decide to shift their support in whatever direction the
political winds blow. Friction between "insiders" and
"outsiders" can lead to backstabbing or open revolt,
which alter the political landscape drastically.
Chronicles that play up the prominence of status touch
on all of these issues.

Caine's legacy also provides arich thematic source.
History never dies for the Cainites, and events from the
dawn of time affect the current situation as forcefully as
those of the previous night. All vampires inherit the
curse from their condition, but how each individual or
coterie reacts to the legacy of Caine is not as clear-cut.
While one group may choose to be faithful to the legacy
and accept their fates, the power of faith and the hope
of salvation (or Golconda) might encourage another
group to reject their monstrous nature.

CONFLICT

Conflict is plentiful in Jerusalem... almost too
plentiful. The atmosphere of unrest in the city fuels the
Cainites' own midnight wars against one another, in-
stilling overconfidence and ruthlessness in all factions.
Inthis powderkeg of acity, any action against an enemy
can spark an explosion of hellish proportions.

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

Camnires Versus CannITES

Just as European nobility skirmish against one an-
other in order to increase their own holdings, Cainite
princes and elders do the same among the mortal
populations of Europe. Oftentimes characters in Jerusa-
lem find themselves in the heat of a battle or targeted by
an enemy securely ensconced back in Europe, who uses
local retainers or other minions to wreak her revenge.
Every Cainite in Jerusalem retains some mysteriousness
about them, and that enigmatic nature can color the
characters' relationship with a potential ally or pur-
veyor of information. The ancilla who offers the
characters entry to a prime hunting ground may be
setting an ambush. The consangineus who offers sanc-
tuary may ask one or more members to take ona suicidal
mission in return. Havens routinely fall to vampire-
influenced riots of mortal factions, and the nonstop
switching of loyalties can create all sorts of confusion
and vulnerability for the characters.

In addition to those familiar enemies, the Assamites
also pose a danger to Cainites of other clans, be the latter
natives or visitors. The Saracens' practice of diablerie
understandably panics members of all other sects. Jerusa-
lem and the Middle East are the Assamites' home turf;
clan members know the region infinitely better than do
crusading interlopers. Local vampires suffer the most at
the hands of the Assamites, but the vast infusion of
unassimilated westerners only encourages the clan's el-
ders, who especially delight in the prospect of destroying
a few influential infidels.

Cainrres Versus Mortats

Although the organized nemesis of the Inquisition
is centuries off, the sheer press of humanity within
Jerusalem fosters its own problems. A superstition-
crazed mortal population may acknowledge the existence
of vampires, but that doesn't mean that every single
kine cowers in abject, drooling terror from the presence
of Cainites.

Possession of the Holy Land fosters the sort of
mortal ambition that is not going to be derailed by a
bunch of low-level neonates. By 1197, the disastrous
Second and Third Crusades have allowed the Muslims
to regain most of what they lost to the European
invaders. Crusader holdings dwindle down to a few
isolated, unprofitable outposts which need a constant
stream of supplies simply to maintain viability. The
European knights' power begins to wane and their
leadership begins to fracture. The soldiers of the cross
grow more and more desperate, and desperate people
tend to do desperate things — and then overdo them.

In spite of the decided advantage the Muslims
have, total victory is by no means assured. Each side
knows the other will fight to the last man if necessary,


Castine Lots

Medieval threats are never idle.
William Manchester, A World Lit Only By Fire

r chronicle should never in
the delicate balance of fg


for each side continues to articulate the divine bless-
edness of their respective causes. Muslim and Christian
groups often engage in espionage and sabotage against
each other's citadels. Each army consists of highly-
trained warriors and specialist mercenaries who
wouldn't hesitate to cut down anything in their way,
assuming the end result is worthwhile. More than one
Cainite has been run over roughshod by the troops of
one side or another, destroyed as an unfortunate side
effect of local politics.

Military threats notwithstanding, the prolifera-
tion of religious strife within Jerusalem itself produces
enemies for vampires as well. Crusades aside, each of
the three faiths spawns numerous extremist sects who
take a very narrow outlook on the situation in Jerusa-
lem. Many of these sects are willing to take their
philosophies into the streets, determined to vanquish
every heathen and heretic they encounter — and if
they happen to encounter an occasional neonate
spawn of the Devil, so much the better.

In short, the corruption of political power and the
overzealotry of religious fanatics means that not every
mortal can be dominated into a mindless pawn. Manifes-
tations of True Faith reach nearly undreamed-of heights
in Jerusalem, which inconveniences any Cainite looking
to construct a shield of mortal ghouls around herself.

Tue Rippne EFFECT

Every action the characters take has conse-
quences. In Jerusalem, those consequencesare often
disproportionate to the actions taken. Case in point:

A band of Tremere who Dominate a minor
priest so they can turn his nondescript chapel into
aChantry find that the chapel houses some impor-
tant Christian relics, which the faithful in the city
regularly come to venerate. One of these worship-
ers is a Ventrue elder, furious at the sacrilege
perpetrated by this gang of upstarts. The elder calls
in a favor or two from a few of his allies, who
quickly get behind the elder in his plan to throw
the overbearing Usurpers out. The ensuing fracas
alerts a few Assamite spies, who readily report to
their superiors that the infidels in the Christian
Quarter are squabbling amongst themselves, and
that now might be a choice moment to strike...

Action and reaction do not balance out, but
expand exponentially, simply from the close quarters
of the city itself. Identity and space are ata premium,
and those characters who go into the chronicle
determined to cut a wide swath through the region,
and damn the consequences, will find the effects of
their actions rebounding back upon them.


PERSPECTIVES

Much of our understanding of Jerusalem in the
time of the Crusades has been told from the Christian
perspective. The epic tragedy of selfless, God-fearing
knights taking up the banner of the Cross, fighting
bravely, yet ultimately failing to free the Holy City
from heathen Muslim hordes obscures the greater
picture of the era.

Everything that happens in Jerusalem has three
sides to it: Jewish, Christian and Muslim. Persons of
all three faiths hold a vested interest in the future of
the city. Individual motives do not always make
sense at first to an outsider, but that fact makes such
motives no less real. Cainites who hail from any one
of the three faiths possess many of the same opin-
ions, prejudices and mindsets that their mortal
counterparts do.

Keeping this multiplicity of viewpoints in mind is
important in Storytelling a chronicle set in Jerusalem.
Obviously, this is not meant to encourage a "live and
let live" feeling among vampires. But it does mean
that you should try to utilize varying viewpoints in
your chronicle as much as realistically possible. Intro-
ducing characters froma different faith who try to woo
the coterie over to their line of thinking (or at least
show them the rationale behind an opposing view-
point) helps add a new dimension to the characters'
roleplaying and the chronicle in general.

CHRONICLE IDEAS

But enough of generalities. There are countless
stories to be told in Dark Medieval Jerusalem, ranging
from tales of bloody conquest and vengeance to stories
of faith and redemption. The previous pages have
given some idea as to the broader thrust of stories that
can be told in the Jerusalem setting; here are some
specific ideas....

ENTERING JERUSALEM

It makes a world of difference if the characters are
entering Jerusalem from outside, rather than already
dwelling within the city walls. All sorts of characters
have reasons for visiting the Holy City: trade, research,
pilgrimage, quests after some uniquely Cainite goal and
so on. In other words, there are a plethora of reasons for
bringing characters to Jerusalem as the focus of a
chronicle. Some possibilities include:

PILGRIMAGE

The characters could be pilgrims, seeking to visit
the holy sites of Christianity before the five-year
truce ends. A chronicle of this sort could take in both
the perilous journey to the Holy Land (travel is

always chancy for Cainites, never more so than when
they go by sea, and the Genoese merchants who carry
cargo to the crusader kingdoms may not be scrupu-
lous about opening their freight). Conversely, travel
by land wends its way over harsh and hostile terri-
tory, filled with inimical mortals and Cainites alike.
Once in the city, the characters fall into the web of
competing sects and faiths among mortals and im-
mortals alike. Boniface may look after pilgrims, but if
those pilgrims are devout Armenian Christian, he
may choose to look the other way as harm befalls
them. And what if al-Ain decides the time has come
to make an example of the arrogant Christian Cainites
who clearly have come to reinforce their brethren
within the city walls?

Pilgrims don't necessarily have to be Christian,
either. Muslim Cainites seeking to visit the Dome of
the Rock, al-Aqsa or even just al-Quds in general run
their own risks. Neither Rustucci nor Leufruy is
liable to welcome such visitors with open arms, and
a band of Cainites caught in between those two
formidable personalities is in a great deal of trouble.
On the other hand, being in the crossfire between
two powerful and devout Christian Cainites may also
serve as an opportunity...

And what of Jewish Cainites fulfilling the ancient
promise of the Passover Seder, "Next Year in Jerusa-
lem?" Their allies in the immortal world are few, mostly
the Cappadocians (who are otherwise occupied) and
Nosferatu (likewise, and nearly powerless in the city).
Religious concerns make the job of finding shelter with
mortal coreligionists difficult at best. With no one to
turn to, such vampires are exposed to the machinations
of their brethren in the blood, who do not have their
best interests at heart.

Conquest

Jerusalem's status is far from settled in 1197.
With the end of the truce near, the expectation
among all parties is that there may well be another
Crusade on its way soon. Certain of the European
clans have a vested interest in such matters; charac-
ters could be outriders for the Ventrue (perhaps
through the Templars?) seeking to gauge the strength
of potential supernatural opposition before urging
their mortal pawns forward. Then again, perhaps the
characters have been sent at the behest of the
Lasombra, who have elders on both sides of the
divide between Christian and Muslim, and who may
well reflect that division internally. The coterie
could even be part of a pre-emptive strike, sent in to
eliminate Franj Cainites before the war begins, fa-
tally weakening the enemy even before the truce
ends. Or the characters may well be spies, there to


learn the lay of the land and the whereabouts of the
local Cainite population; who would jump one way
and who would jump the other if war came.

Tue RETURN

Jerusalem has been sacked and emptied innumer-
able times over the centuries. As each conqueror sweeps
in with fire and sword, the wise Cainites leave the city.
Some are lost in the dust of history, some settle else-
where and some eventually choose to return home.
Now, with the city somewhat more stable than it has
been in the past, Cainites who once dwelt in David's
City may be turning their steps homeward once again.
Unfortunately, they're in for a surprise when they once
again pass through the gates.

The city is not as it once was. Familiar landmarks
are gone, familiarhavenshave been destroyed or usurped.
Newcomers dwell where once the characters might
have resided; arrogant Cainites with all of a century in
residence have no need for rootless wanderers who
might once have dwelt in the city. And the whole
flavor of the mortal population has changed. How
would characters deal with returning toa city at once so
strange and so familiar, and what steps might they take
to make the city theirs once again?

MERCHANTS

Jerusalem offers a plethora of bazaars and market-
places, both within the city wallsand without, sanctified
and illicit. Anything is forsale here, and anyoneas well.
The mortals run their markets, quite well too, but
there's certainly a place for a stall that only opens after
dark and caters to brave clients. Perhaps the characters
traffic in things that can only be sold in darkened
alleyways or nameless shops: prestidigitation,
fortunetelling, drugs, ghouls or mortals to feed upon.
Surely there is a market in even the Holy City for such
things. However, finding that market and surviving the
attentions of those who already service it is another
thing entirely.

Then again, the characters could be engaged in
smuggling — spices, gold, gems or even Cainites. The
Salubri, among others, use Jerusalem asa way station on
the path to fleeting safety. Could the characters not be
involved in helping the few remaining Salubri flee
through the city — for a price, of course? Would doing
so incur the wrath of Jerusalem's Tremere?

Mystery

There are many secrets of Jerusalem known only to
Cainites. What is the mysterious Mandalay, whose
fame has spread far and wide? Is there truth to the
tumors of Antediluvian blood fountaining up through
the city? What of the Grail, the True Cross, the Spear

JERUSALEM BY NIGHT

of Longinus and other treasures that the city might yet
hold? The Black Torah in Abraham's possession cer-
tainly falls into this category; how would he react to
attempts to steal it, or requests to share it?

KNOWLEDGE

The Cainites of Jerusalem include some of the most
famous and noteworthy of their kind. What Toreador
engaged in building cathedrals would not wish to study
under Elsh? Abraham has one disciple already; would
he not be willing to accept another? Perhaps the fame
of the Valley of Hinnom has spread beyond the Holy
Land, and Lepers from far and wide now seek sanctuary
there. The possibilities are endless.

WITHIN THE WALLS

On the other hand, there's the possibilities that the
characters are already residents of Jerusalem, watching
newcomers enter and dodging the plots of their elders.
In that case, the sorts of stories the site lends itself to
alter dramatically. In this case, the characters may be
attempting to ascend the city's hierarchy, exploring the
deeper mysteries or fending off outsiders.

THE CLIMB TO PowER

While Jerusalem has a great many Cainites, the
city's vampiric power structure is in a constant state
of flux. Old vampires flee, new ones arrive, clans are
split internally by religious and political dissent and
the most potent Cainites may be so lost in their
memories or studies that they let temporal power slip
through their fingers. In other words, it is dangerous,
but not impossible, for a dedicated group of younger
Cainites to claw their way into positions of power.
Any attempts to do so by means of brute force are
liable to fail, but the web of favors, alliances and
betrayals that has built up over the centuries surely
offers some opportunities. A kind deed to one of
Kothar's lepers could yield knowledge of Rustucci's
weaknesses, which the Lasombra would do anything
to avoid having bandied about, while Etheria's assis-
tance can always be purchased for a price...

THe DEEPER City

Perhaps the surface politics of Jerusalem are not
enough. The city is old, after all, built upon layer
after layer of its former self. The catacombs beneath
the Temple Mount beckon; who knows what secrets
they've been holding for centuries? And what of the
even older cities built on the site? Surely there are
treasures to be gained by exploring the roots of
Jerusalem; elder vampires in torpor, perhaps, or re-
membrances of Cainites who now stalk the streets
above. More mundane treasures have their value as


well. Surely Elsh would pay handsomely for a relic
from one of his earlier creations, or Habiba would
give much for conclusive proof of Etheria's involve-
ment in inciting the Crusades. Such proof can only
be found in the deep and the dark, where even the
wisest of Cainites normally fear to go.

DEFENDERS OF THE CITY

Jerusalem is crowded with Cainites. Too
crowded, it can be said. Surely there is no room for
any more. With that in mind, the characters could
well be working to slow the flood of immigrants to
the city. Perhaps they seek to shut off the tide of
Christian pilgrims wending their way from Europe;
doing so would mean ending the peace and con-
vincing the Muslim hierarchy to close the city once
and for all. Of course, such a task would not be easy;

other Cainites surely have their claws in Salah al-
Din's successors already, and would not take kindly
to interlopers.

Then again, perhaps it's a specific sect the char-
acters want to drive out: Knights Templars,
Hospitallers, Genoese merchants, Karaite Jews,
Assamites or whomever. Each group has its existing
supporters and enemies, and not necessarily the
ones that might be expected. Trying to drive away
the lepers from their traditional home might be
more of a task than one might think, however, when
Kothar starts calling in his favors and using his
secrets, while on the other hand, trying to get rid of
the upstart Tremere Chantry could win the assis-
tance of the oddest collection of Brujah and
Malkavians, all of whom have something to do with
the hospices....


THE HOLY CITY BECKONS

They say that in 1099, when the Second Crusade took Jerusalem, the streets ran
so deep with blood that a man on horseback would have his progress slowed by the
flood. They say that the Cainites who followed the invaders went mad then, and that
few who aided in the sack of the city were ever seen again. They also tell stories of
ancient Cainites lurking in the Valley of Hinnom, where the lepers dwell, and of
monstrous acts of faith and devotion, beneath the Temple Mount. They say many things
about Jerusalem, for it is a place of wonder and faith, of blood and fear.

And now its gates lie open. Enter, if you dare.

A BLOODY PAST, A LEGACY OF FAITH

Jerusalem by Night is the complete guide to the Holy City

+? in the Dark Medieval world. From the gates of the City to
) the Temple Mount, from David's conquest to the uneasy AD +
truce between Saladin and Richard the Lion-Hearted,
the whole city is here. Learn its secrets. Meet the ie {
Cainites who have dwelt here for centuries. Some | i
i
have wandered, but always they return. ¢

For there is always, and always will be,
Jerusalem.

JERGSALEM BY NIGHT
INCLADES:

¢ The history of the Holy City, from its

prehistoric roots through the conquests, y
reconstructions and Crusades; HHA
¢ A complete roster of the vampiric Pte,
denizens of Jerusalem, from the haughtiest | ri
; | a , » Ventrue to the most humble Nosferatu; f
p < ¢ A guide to the city's layout, a survival Hl Sg

guide for religious Cainites and more!

GAMES FOR MATURE MINDS
6504-299-9

Tight
HI] BRIDceTOMN HO
UL ag
naa7 Ae