# File: Judge.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

~~
"te is
E444 gid -- i

SP
\

>
. 25 ‘
_=,
. geil
an. @

"foe
"
«

=

f a! ws v/s

4

ACharacter Bookfor Hunter: The Reckoning

Internet Browser: Hunter-Ne

#7 ee oR 2D

Backward Forward Redraw Stop indit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site:

Welcome to the Drumskin Tattoo Parlor web page. Drumskin is a real shop where
the human body is our canvas. That doesn't mean we can't branch out onto the
electronic canvas, though.

We're always searching for new images and designs to add to our repertoire. In
particular, we want cultural and religious icons to offer to our customers, and sometimes
we need help doing it. For example, we've discovered the following piece but have yet
to identify its source or origins. If you can name or explain it for us, you'll win a
temporary-tattoo decal of your choice. Just email us at the address below.

drumskin_ tattoos @ hotmail.com

Search terms: balance, justice, hunt, rightandwrong, monsters, judgment, message, judgmentday


IWS
WE:
SIH

pType:

"diag


July

The club called Rubies didn't have a sign or a
canopy, but it did have a houncer. He looked at the trio
before him and saw they didn't quite click. The big one
kept looking at the orher two for reassurance — he'd
seen that before — but they didn't seem eager enough,
as most guests did. Or maybe theirs just wasn't the right
kind of eager. The old man wore a black turtleneck and
along coat, but without style. The woman wore a velvet
dress that was too late hy a couple of months. She herself
was late by years. And the big guy's shirt collar was
beginning to fray, which at least made it consistent with
his worn-out jacket

It was past two, the bouncer was tired, and he had
a bit of a contact high. But still. He almost waved the
three of them in, then decided to give them a hard time.

"What's the password?" the bouncer asked. He
smiled as he said it, as if it were a joke.

Theold man scowled. His eyes were mirthless and intense.

"l have no time for this," he said coldly. Each word

was precisely bitten off. The bouncer narrowed his eyes,
now a bit uneasy.

PROLOGUE: BEST JUDGMENT

"You're not making me want to let you in," he
cautioned, dredging up a weary version of his best
tough-guy leer.

The oldman pulled up his left coat and shirt sleeves.
"I'm expected," he said with contempt.

The bouncer looked at the lines of bandages, brown
with old blood. He stepped aside and let them in.

The club was thick with smoke and dense with
music that thrummed low and suggestively. Only a few
people were drinking at the bar. Someone who watched
for a long time might notice that many of the people
inside eventually drifted back through a curtain, off to
onc side of the stage.

The three moved to the bar. The big one got a beer,
which he sipped freyuently. The old man got a brandy,
which he held but never raised to his lips. The woman
drank nothing. They waited, squinting into the dark
and mostly remaining silent.

They waited until Allison Smalls came from the
back room. The old man identified her, of course. It was
smoky, dark and late, and they knew het only from class
photos and grainy videotape, but he was sure. They


HUNTER BOOK: JUDGE

watched her and her two friends. Once Allison stumbled
out the door, they counted to sixty then followed. The
old man had both hands in his coat pockets. ‘Ihe big one
had his jacket partially unzipped.

Outside, the bouncer was nowhere to be seen.

The woman went to get their van while two men
followed the three youngsters. When the pursuers saw
the vehicle round the corner, they exchanged nods and
broke into a run, pistols in hand.

"Freeze! Police! Don't move!"

One of Allison's friends bolted. The "cops" didn'tcare.
Allison and the remaining young man raised their hands.

"On the ground! Now! Do it!" The big one did all
the shouting. As the bewildered youngsters knelt, the
old man reached into his pocket and produced a second
weapon, a stun gun.

"Hey... you aren't cops!" Allison's companion
yelled. The van pulled up and its side door rattled open.

"Shut your fuckin' mouth," the big man said. It
didn't eseape the Luy's notice that he'd angered the
most menacing attacker. The kid wanted to look up at
the man's face or try to read the van's license plate, but
he couldn't take his eyes off the barrel of the pistol
aimed right at his face. To him it looked as big and black
and deep as a railway tunnel.

"What are you doing?" Allison demanded as the old
man approached her. He had a small semiautomatic in
his right hand, the stun gun in his left. He said nothing
as he stepped close and jammed the latter weapon's
electrodes into her, right at the base of her neck.

"Hurry up," the woman shouted from the van.

"Can you get her?" the old man asked, glancing
toward his large companion. The big man nodded, and
the old man pointed his gun at the kneeling boy.

"Where are you taking her?" the boy screamed.

"Be quiet," the old man said. "You will not fare well
if left here unconscious." His voice was blank as a piece
of white paper, and he gestured slightly with the stun gun.

"Come on, Doc," the big man urged. The old man
stepped into the van but never shifted his gaze from the
boy. Then the door closed and the van sped away.

* * *

The woman was Dr. Laura Jenson. The two men
were Duane Kinniard and Dr. Carleton Van Wyk.
They took Allison far from the city to a rented cabin
in a wooded area with few people to be curious about
what the three had to do there. On the way, Van
Wyk examined the girl and said that she seemed
stable, though in expectedly poor health. Duane
handcuffed her to himself as a precaution, although
doing so proved to be needless. She was still uncon-

scious when he carried her into the cabin and gently
placed her on a bed. Then the two doctors put her in
a straitjacket.

Later, the two men sat outside on the porch. Duane
took long swigs of beer. Van Wyk had water. After the
girl came to, they could hear Laura begin to speak,
identifying herself as a psychiatrist hired by Allison's
parents to care for her. Both men listened, wondering
whether the "patient" would scream. She didn't,

"She's taking it well," Van Wyk said.

"Poor kid. At least grabbing her went down smooth
enough," Duane said. Van Wyk nodded. Eventually,
Duane spoke again.

"I spotted some puppets in the club, I think, but
no vampires."

"T imagine they were in the back."

"Think we should go back and clear 'em?"

"Not there. Too public. If Kipsaw wants to take his
chances withaSWAT team, that's his business. Eventually,
we might trace them back to their residences and make
daylight raids. Good sense seems to favor that strategy."

"Yeah. Still, it's kind of frustrating, don't you think?
I mean, that we have to let them keep at it, feeding on
kids like her."

"She made her choice. She's fortunate her parents
can afford to have her ‘deprogrammed.' Fortunate that
she's still young enough to be easily committed."

They were silent. Again, it was Duane who spoke first.

"IT never thought I'd wind up doing this.
‘Deprogrammer.' Shit. "Course, I never expected to be
seeing monsters, either."

Van Wyk made no reply. Just as Duane was about to
ask him whether he ever worried about Laura, Van Wyk
gestured for silence.

"I think there's something out—" was as far as he
got before something attacked. It was a blur, streak-
ing from the trees and slashing bright metal across
Duane's face and chest. Van Wyk leaped from the
porch and struggled to free his gun. In the time it took
him to draw, the vampire was upon him. His leather
coat took the worst of the thrust, but the assailant's
knife still scraped skin from Van Wyk's ribs. The old
man saw it raise its knife hand to stab his face, and
then Duane jumped onto its back, a knife of his own
in hand. To Van Wyk's eyes, Duane's weapon virtu-
ally quivered with energy. Duane's free hand went
across the creature's face, pulling back its head. His
right hand slashed the blade across the creature's
throat and cut through flesh, vein and trachea. Blood
boiled where the knife had passed.

"Raymond!"


Allison's yoice rang, even through the window
panes. Duane turned. He saw the girl staring in terror
through the glass, then struggling as Laura tried to pull
her back. And while he was distracted, their attacker
slipped free and charged back into the night.

Van Wyk's attention never wavered. "Halt!" he
shouted. His voice was hard with authority, but his
command was futile. Despite his exceptional senses,
he'd already lost sight of the attacker and was unable to
prevent the creature's escape.

* * *

August

Laura had picked the restaurant. Van Wyk didn't
usually go for such places — ferns, memorabilia and
drinks with clever names did nothing for him. But it
was Laura's favorite place. She'd said that if the news
was youd, she'd want to celebrate. Otherwise, she'd
want to be consoled.

Asshe walked in, he couldsee it would be consolation.

"Hello, Doctor Jenson." He stood, pulled out her
chair. His brow was furrowed, and his manners were
even more formal than usual.

"I don't know if you'll be able to call me that much
longer." Her voice was as brittle as her smile.

"They recommended that your license be revoked?"

She nodded.

"That's ridiculous! I beg you to fight this, it's...." He
stupped, wok a deep breath. "I'm sorry, where are my
manners? Please, let me get you a drink."

"No, I'd... I'll just give it to you straight."

"I appreciate your candor."

She laughed, but the sound was strangely sad. "You
talk like a book, Carleton."

He smiled back faintly and no less sadly, not both-
ering to interpret what she meant. "You flatter me." The
smile faded. "What happened in court?"

"Allison testified. She broke down in tears, talking
about ‘Raymond' and you and Duane.... I didn't give
them your names."

Van Wyk let out the breath he had been holding
unconsciously. "Thank you. You don't know what that
means to me."

"I have some idea." She looked at him for a
moment, then continued. "Anyway, it didn't look
good that BCAN wouldn't name two of its employ-
ees. The cops testified again and again that there was
no body, no evidence that any violence had oc¢-
curred, reiterated that the abduction was legal. It
didn't matter. The psychiatrist testifying for their
side was very persuasive, and Allison did look...


HUNTER BOOK: JUDGE

what's the phrase? ‘Crazy as a shithouse rat?' So they
found for malpractice."

"Imbeciles."

"Tt gets better. Or worse, I suppose. Her father has
filed a pair of civil suits. One against me for making his
daughter crazier. One against the Blood Cult Aware-
ness Network for recommending me."

"That's absurd!"

She shrugged, then turned to catch the waiter's
attention. After they'd ordered, she looked at Van Wyk
again with an odd stare.

"Carleton... just what did happen that night?"

Van Wyk's face was blank, and his voice was emo-
tionless when he responded. "I've told you. Her friend
Raymond showed up. There was a struggle. He ran
away." Laura peered intently into his eyes. Was his
expression begging her to buy it? Daring her to disbe-
lieve? Simply empty? She couldn't tell.

"I don't think you're being straight with me. I saw you
bleeding that night... but two days later you were fine."

"Duane punched him in the nose. You know how
much blood that can produce."

"Yes I do, but there was more than that. You were
bleeding from your side."

"You must have misjudged."

"What does that tattoo on Duane's arm mean?"

"As far as I know, it's just a design."

"And the design you drew? The one you showed
him? What's that?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Carl, it's me! Please, you don't have to stonewall
me! We're on the same side. Please, I just want to know
the truth." Her eyes were bright, but she fought back her
tears. They were silent while the waiter served their
entrees, then Van Wyk looked directly at her.

"Dr. Jen... Laura. I have no doubt that we are on
the same side. No doubt whatsoever. But there are
elements to our mutual struggle that you are not
equipped to handle. Duane and | are. This is through
no credit of our own — only through an accident of
fate. But the division is absolutely real. It is far, far
better for you to not know certain things. I know you,
and you are not ane ta look away as a crime is commit-
ted. If you knew, you would try to act. If you tried to
act, you would die. Without a doubt. Duane and I will
almost certainly die because of our involvement, but
we at least have a chance."

"How can you know that?"

For a silent moment, he looked ancient — like a
statue of some long-dead general, weary from keeping
an ages-old vigil. "How can anyone know anything?

There's no certainty ask Heisenberg or Freud or
Lacan. We can only use our best judgment."

"Who are you to judge for me?"

He shook his head.

"T'm sorry, Laura. If you think ill of me, I'll accept that
rather than see you dead — or worse. You're doing a great
deal of good with the network. Perhaps more than you
realize. I don't want to see that undone by my secrets."

She reached across the table and took his hand.
Tears were causing her makeup to run.

"Carleton, please let me in. Please. Whatever it is
you're fighting, I'm fighting it too. I want to fight with
my eyes open. Don't you see that this has ruined me?"

"You'll survive. You'll recover." He was thinking of
people he'd seen truly ruined — souls destroyed, living
only to obey the dead things, eager to degrade themselves
or degrade others in hopes of a flicker of recognition from
their masters. The image of Laura, bound, enslaved —no.

"Alll could give you is the illusion of knowing. Like
describing color to a blind person. Please believe me. If
I dragged you into my life, it would be the basest form of
selfishness." He gently pulled his cold fingers from hers.
Stood. "Perhaps it's better that I go."

"1 don't want to be alone."

"Again, you flatter me. Call Esme at BCAN, or Jay.
They'll surely be better company than I." He swallowed.
"T'll pay on the way out," he said finally.

Laura said, "Please be selfish for me," as he walked away.
She didn't say it loudly and Van Wyk pretended he hadn't
heardher. He found the waiter, paid cash and wentout tothe
parking lot, but couldn't drive a block before he broke down
crying. He cried so hard he had to curl into a ball,

* * *

September

Sometimes Van Wyk wished he drank. He recog-
nized that, strictly speaking, he sometimes abused
stimulants, but they were no relief for him. He simply
used them when he couldn't permit himself to sleep.
They weren't a refuge — the opposite, in fact. During
the month following his supper with Laura, he took no
drugs at all. He wrote a few prescriptions for chloral
hydrate, but used it only to drug the servants of vampires
so that he could move them easily to disposal areas. He
followed his subjects and wrote in his notebooks.

Late one morning, Duane knocked on Van Wyk's
apartment door. The older man saw through the peep-
hole that the younger one wore a supple black leather
jacket, new boots and an expensive-looking pair of
sunglasses. Duane had never been handsome, and the
fresh scar across his face didn't help. But he moved with
anew confidence. Van Wyk opened the door.


"Tey, Doc. How's it going?"

"T'm well. Yourself?"

"Livin' large and kickin' ass. Feel like going out for
some breakfast? My treat."

"T've eaten."

Duane smiled and looked over the top of his shades.

"Okay then. Wanna go kill a bloodsucker?"

Van Wyk's face was inscrutable. "Come inside," he said.

"Tt's one of those bastards from Rubies. Shit, I never
thought that place would outlast BCAN."

"BCAN isn't dead yet."

"Well, those fuckers at Rubies are. They just forgot.
Want in on a wake-up call?"

"Do you mean today?"

"I mean right now."

"This seems ill-considered."

"Oh yeah?" Duane reached into his coat and pulled
out a blueprint.

"Here's the house. The security code is 66912 —
keypads here and here. I got me an itdustrial cordless
jigsaw in the car for the deadbolt here. I think Dracula's
holed up in the old wine cellar... here."

"Hmm. Does ‘Dracula' have any accomplices?"

"You mean, does it have any blood fucks? Yeah,
four... but I just saw two of them catch the redeye to D.C.
That leaves two, plus a private security cop who drives by
every hour or so. But if we get there at quarter to eleven,
he'll be five miles away, at the farthest part of his route."

"What about an escape route?"

"That's the nice part. He's right on the river, see?
He's gota boat docked behind his place." Duane reached
into his coat again, producing a map this time. "I figure
we park here, walk a mile to the house, go in, do him and
come out. If there's any kind of alarm, we play it by ear,
either make a break for the car or grab the boar, cruise
downstream here, get off and walk back to the car. If
push comes to shove, we can sail to here, get off by the
train yard and hop a freight."

"Very thorough. I'm tempted to ask why you need me."

"I don't have your eyes, Doc. J want this to go real
easy. Also, this blood fucker is... Raymond. I haven't
forgotten that you saw him right before he jumped us
that night. If it wasn't for you, he'd probably be wearing
my face for a jockstrap right now."

"You located his lair? Why didn't you tell me that
from the beginning?"

"I... [know things didn't go well with Doctor Jenson
—that what happenedat the cabin got her in trouble and
all. I wasn't sure how all that made you feel..."

Carleton looked down at the maps and schematics.

"['m in."

PROLOGUE: BEST JUDGMENT

* * *

Two weeks later, Duane was getting a blow job
when his phone rang. He tried to ignore it, but once his
machine picked up and he heard Van Wyk's clipped
and cultured tones, it broke his mood completely.

"Good day, Duane. It's ‘Doc.' After our recent
success, I believe I have some work that would interest
you. You know my number. I'll await your call."

"What's wrong, sweetie? You just ignore that phone
and concentrate on me here..."

"Nah, look... it's no good. The guy calling..."

The young woman, whose name was Honey (at
least, that was all the name Duane knew) pouted
sympathetically. "Bill collector?"

"No, just a, what, you know... a business associate."

"Well, he's gone now sugar. You want...?"

"Ah, I... don't think I can concentrate."

"You don't need to concentrate."

As it turned out, Honey was right. Duane waited
until she was dressed, paid and gone before returning
Van Wyk's call.

"Hi, Doc. What's the 411"

"I'd prefer not to talk about it over the phone, but
I believe I'm ready to make a move soon, if you would
care to join me."

Duane laughed. "You sound like we're going ona date."

"How do you know that's not my intention?"

Duane agreed to come over and hung up smiling.
"Did Doe Carl just make a joke?"

He wasn't smiling after Van Wyk explained what
he had planned.

"Jeez, Doc... you want to make a move against
Christoph? I think he's one of the real big shits in
the local scene."

"All the more reason to deal with lint — aldiough
I hadn't thought him so important. Perhaps you know
something I don't? Have you been watching him?"

"A little, yeah."

"Excellent. I didn't spot youon my surveillance. Let
us hope that they didn't, either."

Duane hooked a finger under his collar and
scratched. "How many, you know, blood puppets?"

"None. He has two guards, but they're clean. His
apartment building is fairly well guarded, but one of the
cleaning staff has a habit. In return for some pills, I get
his keys for twenty-four hours, along with the pent-
house security code. Generally, the vampire goes out at
night and the guards sleep. I propose to enter the
apartment around three in the morning and drug any
breakfast foods I find. Then I leave. There's an empty
apartment on the third floor where I can wait for


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

sunrise. With luck, by noon both guards will have eaten
the drugged food and be out cold. If not, one will
probably have gone by then. We enter, deal with any
remaining and awake guards as necessary, and expose
the master to the sun."

"T don't know, Doc.... Doing it in the middle of the
day? In a busy apartment building? That's not your
usual, you know, style. Kind of daring, isn't it?"

"I don't think it's rash, if that's your concern." One
of Van Wyk's eyebrows bobbed up. "This is a bit of a
reversal of roles, isn't it?"

"I just don't.... It doesn't feel right. No blood
guards? Maybe you're missing something."

"That's certainly possible. That's why I want you
along, Duane. I know how good youare ina fight. I want
you at my back."

"Give me a day to look over the setup myself, you
know? Then I'll decide."

"As you wish, but I pick up the key and code
tonight. How can I contact you?"

"I got a pager now. I'll give you the number."

"I look forward to working with you again," Van Wyk
said, and he meant it. But rationally, he felt that the best

he could hope for would be never to see Duane again.
* * *

That night, just after nine o'clock, Van Wyk was
surprised to hear his cell phone ring. He hadn't ex-
pectedacall. Without taking his eyes from the apartment
building across the street, he answered, "Hello?"

"Doc. You weren't at home."

"No. Pursuant to your concerns, I decided to do
some more looking."

"Oh yeah? I've, uh, been in the building myself.
Looking around."

"T saw you this time."

Van Wyk waited for Duane to respond.

"You did? Uh...."

"Did I give you this number?"

"No, I got it from Esme. You know, at BCAN."
Duane sounded increasingly uncomfortable.

"So then, in or out?"

Duane sighed, cursed a little.

"Look, it's... aw, hell, you're too smart for me to lie.
You know, Christoph offered me a lousy two G's to
whack you? 1 told him he was underestimating you. Shit.
Look, let's meet. We got a lot to talk about."

Van Wyk pondered whether he should turn off the
phone and leave town immediately, get away from the
vampire web that had somehow enmeshed Duane as
well. But something made him a little foolish — or
sentimental. Against his better judgment, he liked

Duane. Duane reminded him of Jared Shoemaker some-
how. Being with Duane eased the pain Van Wyk felt
whenever he thought of Jared.

"T'll page you," Van Wyk said and hung up.

* * *

One hour later, Duane knocked on Van Wyk's
door. "It's open," the doctor said.

When Duane entered, Van Wyk was nowhere in
sight. The hairs on the back of Duane's neck stirred, and
then he saw. The old man sat in a folding chair, a brandy
glass in one hand and a double-barreled shotgun in his
lap. He had positioned himself so that the opening door
would obscure his position.

"Doc, you don't need that."

The older man did not move.

"You've made your point. You can kill me if you
want, okay?"

"Tit for tat, I suppose. You could have easily killed
me days ago. Why didn't you? Price too low to bother?"

"Shit, it ain't like that...."

Van Wyk lowered the gun.

"Then suppose you tell me what it is like. I've
already surmised that you're hiring out your skills.
That's how you could get a new car and wardrobe.
How you could afford designer sunglasses and pros-
titutes on a machinist's salary. That's how you
knew so much about our last target's defenses —
you had help from the inside." Van Wyk's voice,
usually so calm and detached, was edged with
contempt and a deep, deep rage. "Do you restrict
yourself to assassinations? Or are you procuring
nourishment for them as well?"

"Look, it's just one!"

"Ah, well, that's much preferable to you whoring
your unearned abilities to a whole cemetery."

"Do you want to hear this or are you just going to sit
there and be a smartass?"

Van Wyk took a deep breath.

"| want very much to know how you came to be
working for Christoph."

"I know it sounds crazy.... Shit, he's seen us. He
knows what we've been up to. He hasn't stopped us,
though, cause we sort of... helped him. He hated
Raymond — he hates the whole Rubies crowd. He
contacted me to save my ass from some heavies Raymond
sent after me. I guess Raymond saw enough at the cabin
to ID me, but not you.

"Christoph's little ‘heads up' saved my life, so the
next time I heard him on the phone, | was willing to
listen. He told me a lot."

"Including how to find Raymond and assassinate him."


"Yeah, but more than that. He's been telling me
how vampires work, Doc. Did you know they don't have
to drink blood?"

Van Wyk blinked.

"Every vampire I've observed has done so."

"Yeah, well, almost all of them do. But they don't
have to. The blood is like gas for all their powers — the
speed, the strength, making puppets. That's why they
feed. Or the bad ones do, anyhow. But Chris isn't like
that. He wants to see the predators — the ones who just
want power and will kill to get it — he wants them off
the streets. Just like you and I do. And he can help us do
it, help us a lot."

"As he did with Raymond?"

"Yeah! Heknowstheirschedulesandtheirprecautions. .."

"And he pays well."

Duane looked at the floor.

"Shit, Doc. We risk our asses every time we do this.
Why shouldn't we get something to show for it?"

"Do I really have a choice, Duane?"

"No, Doc, you do! I swear to God. I explained it to
Chris, that you're a stand-up guy, real good at the job, and
that you'd see reason. I didn't tell him your name or
anything, and he doesn't know where you live. Look... you
and me, we're a great team. But if you don't want to, that's

PROLOGUE: BEST JUDGMENT

cool. All ask is that you stay out of our way. We won't mess
with you, and you don't mess with us. Is that fair?"

"That's if 1 want out. What if I want in?"

Duane's eyes widened.

"You serious!"

"I'm not absolutely convinced, but all along I've
wanted to know the truth of these matters. I'm not
irrational or prejudiced. If I can observe directly, I'll
surely gain a better insight into the nature of the rots.
That's also the only fair way I can decide whether this
Christoph can be trusted."

He frowned for a moment. "Duane... if things go
bad, can I rely on you? If it comes to a choice between
me and your patron, I mean?"

"Oh Doc, hey, absolutely! That's not going to hap-
pen, but even if it did, I'd pick you over a dead guy in an
instant. Like that! But you'll see, Chris is really okay."

"T hope you're right. | really hope you are."

"I am right, Doc. Give me credit for some street
smarts, okay?"

The old man sighed. "Would you like a drink? Have
this one. | haven't had any yet. I'll pour myself another."
Relief washed across Duane's face.

"Sure!" Duane said, accepting the glass from Van
Wyk. "What's this you're having?"


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

"Brandy."

"Uh, brandy sounds fine. Listen, I have to make a call."

"To Christoph? I'd rather you didn't from here."

"Fine, have it your way." Duane tossed back most of
the brandy snifter's contents in one swallow.

"You won't believe the money you're gonna make
— and it's not like you didn't want to hunt vampires
anyway, right?"

"Thad no idea there was such competition among them."

"You wouldn't.... Yeah. If they could only... stick
together... we'd be screwed." He frowned, smacked his
lips. "That's...." The brandy snifter fell from Duane's
hand and bounced off the carpet.

Van Wyk shook his head sadly and went to get his
scalpel. Duane was too dangerous to leave alive, but
disposing of him would he quite a chore. The ald man
knew a place where a dead body, drained of blood, could
be left. By dawn, it would have vanished without a trace
— ora police report. He started water running into the
tub and didn't hear Duane staggering along the hallway.
He smelled the hot metal of Duane's knife, instead, and
barely had time to leap back before Duane lunged at him.

"Bastard!" Duane howled. Slowed by alcohol and
chloral hydrate, his first slash went wild. As Van Wyk
raised his scalpel, Duane stabbed downward, aiming
for the older man's belly. He came in low, but still
connected, cutting deep into Van Wyk's thigh. Van

Wyk's scalpel scribbled down the side of Duane's face,
but the young man tucked his head, protecting his
neck. He stumbled backward, struggling to regain his
footing, and seized the doctor's slender wrist. Duane
pulled Van Wyk close, intending to impale him, and
then the old man suddenly seemed much... taller. No,
Duane realized, his own legs had collapsed. In fact, he
was utterly numb from the waist down, but he still
meant to kill the old bastard.

Even drugged and bleeding, Duane was fast. Van
Wyk barely avoided his final lunge. The knife sank an
inch into the paneling below the sink. It smoldered
briefly, then cooled as Duane's grip on Van Wyk's wrist
went slack.

Van Wyk stumbled to the toilet seat and sat down,
gasping. The tub was still filling, and he splashed water
onto his face. Wincing, he stood, irritated that he'd
misjudged Duane's dosage. Now he would have to
handage his leg hefore killing his former ally. And
Christoph surely knew where he lived, despite Duane's
naive assurances. Van Wyk glanced toward the hallway
closet, which held his luggage, already packed. He
hoped there would be enough time.

As Van Wyk stood there, Duane's eyes flickered.
His lips moved as he fought the sedative: "Why?"

Van Wyk looked down at him, chest heaving.

"T used my best judgment."


By Micnnst Ls, Mite Mnnts, Sonn Seen aN) GueeS 1 0vze

=a [,


Creprrs

Authors: Michael Lee, Mike Mearls, John Snead
and Greg Stolze

Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ed Hall

Devil's Advocate: Michael Lee

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and ‘lypesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Mike Danza, Langdon Foss, Brian LeBlanc
Front Cover Art: Tommy Lee Edwards

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

Wane Wott Hocuey Spccint T Hanis

Tim "Voluntary Basis" Avers (Defense), for selecting

himself to warm the bench.

Andrew "Robo-D" Bates (#6, Defense). "What's your

name, Defenseman?"

"BATES."

Phil "La Fleur" Boulle (Wing), for knowing too much

French stuff to shout at a Habs game.

Brian "Two Way" Glass (#84, Defense), for going both

ways on the ice, too.

Rich "Sniper" Thomas (#13, Defense), for snagging

two career goals in a single game.

Mike "Knee Braces" Tinney (#11, Goal), for learning

that you cat just leave your equipment at the arena...
all week.

© 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reseed iI
735 PARK NORTH BLVD, Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher

b SUITE 128

expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use

only. White Wolf and World of Darkness are registered trade:
CLARKSTON, Ch 30021 marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Hunts

Waite WoLrl USA
PUBLISHING

the Reckoning, Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter Sur-
vival Guide, Hunter the Walking Dead, Hunter Book Avenger, ‘
Hunter Book Defender, Hunter Book Innocent and Hunter Book -
Judge are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All ri

reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing,
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the f

or copyright

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and sup
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised. |
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out

Vhite Wolf online at
hetp://www.wh

te-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.


Taste or Conrsnrs

Protocus: Brsy Jupewsnr
INyRODUCTION
Cudersr i: Hunrer Opies
Cuapver 22 He Hoar
Guaprer 3:Hunren Ties
Guarrer 4:QurFurure
Guarrer 5: New Rutss
Cuapren 6: Presiving Jupgss


Wee
SOK


INTRODUCTION

Now is the end come upon thee, and I will send mine
anger upon thee, and will judge thee according w thy ways,
and will recompense upon thee all thine abominations.

— Ezekiel 7:3

JUDGE, JURY AND EXECUTIONER

Hunter Book: Judge is a sourcebook to help you
develop a better understanding of the Judge creed and its
emerging role in the world of Hunter: The Reckoning.
As a Judge, you decide the guilt or innocence of the
supernatural, whether creatures commit atrocitics against
humanity or bear some glimmer of human decency and
should be spared the gallows. You gather all the informa-
tion you can about the creatures you observe — and from
the allies you choose — but ultimately the decision to
condemn or spare is yours. It's a terrible responsibility and
one only you can bear. But what makes you tick? What
consuming guilt, dangerous pride or extraordinary in-
sight could make you the one to decide who's worthy?
This book helps you decide, to determine who your Judge
is, before and after the imbuing — and all the creed's new
powers and rules don't hurt, either.

But just as you need to better understand your own
Judge, you must understand hunter society as it emerges;
the two are inextricably intertwined. As each of the
newly imbued struggles to understand her new world,
origins and purpose, she inevitably compares her cxpe-
riences, philosophies and fears to those of others on the

streets or on the Internet. At first, the recently awak-
ened latch onto anyone who understands them; this
new world is just too terrifying to contend with alone.
In time, however, as more and more imbued dare meet
and make overtures to find each other, individuals with
similar attitudes and theories are attracted to one an-
other and develop like-minded circles. These foundling
social groups are the bases for what ultimately become
the hunter creeds.

Yet, during hunters' emergence, many varied imbued
can seem to have common goals. As the chosen make
contact, try to understand their mutual condition and
strive to work together, similar goals and comparable
experiences can hide fundamentally different philoso-
phies, whether about hunter purpose, the nature of the
Messengers or the necessary fate of monsters. All hunters
agree that the supernatural's hold on humanity must be
broken, but not everyone agrees on how to accomplish
this goal. Mutual experiences and mutual values turn out
to be two very different things. Hunters can therefore be
taken by surprise when a fellow "Judge" proves to be a
militant Redeemer ora distracted Visionary. Sometimes,
the chosen aren't even sure of their own ideals until they
become immersed completely in the hunt.


ERBOOK: JUDGE

It's only after the imbued become fully devoted to or
even obsessed with the hunt that their approaches to it
become purposeful and refined. Some become determined
to save monsters' souls. Others want to see such creatures
utterly destroyed. When this distillation of purpose is com-
plete, the creeds as social classifications finally arise. Judge
recognizes Judge and Martyr recognizes Martyr, all through
the creeds' codified values, intentions and goals in the hunt.

When will hunters achieve such social structure? It
could take months or years as the imbued struggle to
understand themselves and then each other. The fact
that so many edges seem to be shared by the chosen of
various perspectives and personalities doesn't help, ei-
ther. Once creedsas institutions are finally acknowledged,
however, the hunt may finally gain the momentum it
needs to overcome the supernatural, once and for all. Or
perhaps such cumbersome and fractious divisions will be
the hunt's undoing, as imbued fall to infighting and
politics rather than upholding their higher purpose.

Ultimately, the course of your chronicle and your
Storyteller's vision decide when the creeds become widely
recognized in your game. In the meantime, your Judge's
fully developed identity helps define his own society.
PensPecr ives

The opinions, theories, information and outlooks
expressed in this book are presented primarily in three

distinct "voices." These Judge narrators typify the spec-
trum of personalities throughout the creed as a whole.
Each of these people presents his or her own take on the
origins, tactics, relations and ultimate fate of Judges,
and on hunters in general.

The creed and its members' views evolve constantly as
Judges try to define themselves in a world they no longer
understand. With no other frame of reference, the chosen
often resort to the ideas, values and philosophies they
possessed before their transformation. No two Judges have
the same thoughts about their origins, for example. Thus,
the questions the imbued ask about themselves and their
world—notany specific belief system— best illustrate their
individual and collective identity. After reading this book,
you should have a sense of the drives and ambitions that
inspire and motivate various Judges. You should sense why
these people feel compelled to weigh the good and bad in
monsters, and what influences their relations with other
imbued. We also hope that you're inspired to develop your
character's identity and beliefs fully, to make him just as
compelling in his pursuit of justice.

How ro Use Tus Book

Hunter Book: Judge broadens the World of Dark-
ness as creed members perceive it and offers insights
into the hunter psyche. It also offers new rules and
powers for use by Judges and possibly other creed mem-

bers. This book can therefore help you better under-
stand your character and elaborate upon her.

Chapter 1: Hunter Origins explores the nature of
monsters, the Messengers and Judges, and seeks to
explain why the imbued receive their gift — or curse.

Chapter 2: The Hunt covers Judges' approach to
their calling and what they do to decide the relative
worth of a monster's soul (if any such thing can exist).

Chapter 3: Hunter Ties describes Judges' relations
with themselves and other creeds.

Chapter 4: Our Future presents creed member's efforts
todefine their purpose and destiny in the World of Darkness.

Chapter 5: New Rules offers more rules, edges and
equipment for use by Judges and perhaps by hunters of
other creeds.

Chapter 6: Presiding Judges details newly imbued
Judges who are ready for play. This chapter also profiles
creed members who have acquired reputations through
word of mouth or the Internet.

LEXICON

Judges bring their own unique perspectives to the hunt.
They seek to perceive the relative worth of a creature (or a
person or another hunter) in hopes of accomplishing the
greatest possible good for the world—and soreclaim it in the
name of propriety and decency. If a being displays unremit-
ting hatred or malice, an arbiter is quick to put it down or
condemn it for others to dispatch. If a creature exhibits
remorse for its actions or disdain for its corrupt state, it might
be spared and perhaps even left for others to nurture back
into the human fold. Such evaluation requires that Judges
consider each subject individually, based on a mediator's
own sense of idealized right and wrong, good and evil.
Although aJudge might uphold virtually unattainable levels
of virtue by which to measure a being, he still looks upon
each defendant as an individual, rather than dismissing all
demons or bloodsuckers as irredeemably corrupt.

Since Judges think in terms of the individual, they tend
not todevelop or use terms that apply to groups or that subject
single beings to preconceived notions. Judges therefore have
not demonstrated slang or any list of hunting terms character-
istic to them alone. Doing so would defy their purposes.

When playing your Judge character, take pains to avoid
gross classification of creatures, people andeven other imbued
(the very notion of hunter "creeds" might be ludicrous, for
example). You might even point out to characters of other
creeds the dangers of such gross generalization. It's easy to call
something a "monster" because it does not belong to nature,
but mere classification of a being as supernatural is not
sufficient for most Judges to sentence it to death.

Source MATERIAL

Movies, TV shows, comics and books are full of

characters who consider actions, weigh decisions, plan


actions, coordinate fellows and seek the best results for
their harsh worlds. A Judge doesn't have to be all about
black-and-white laws or justice at the end of a gun. The
following resources contain excellent characters after
whom you could model your Judge.

Saving Private Ryan: Tom Hanks' character bears
the enormous responsibility of his unit's mission and
well-being, and he personally seeks to achieve the
greater good of ending the war with a minimum of
bloodshed. Not only does he decide to spare enemy
soldiers, he elects to sacrifice his own men and himself
for the salvation of others. The pressures of his decision-
making manifest in his psychological paralysis.

Brimstone: The main character of this show, adamned
cop returned to Earth to recapture souls escaped from Hell,
is no Avenger or Martyr. He brings no wrath or personal
sacrifice to his appointed mission. Rather, he attends to
each "target" in turn, letting some go and contending with
the unbridled malice of others. Indeed, his time on Earth
is an opportunity to deal with the good and evil still among
the living — an opportunity to find salvation.

INTRODUCTION

The Equalizer: It's been years since this show's
network run ended, but it remains an AGE standby.
Edward Woodward's character was the epitome of Judge.
An ex-government agent, he breaks away to run his
own public-assistance business. "If you're in trouble and
you have nowhere else to turn...." The old dude kicks
uss, separates the deserving from the undeserving and
dispenses justice when the System can't.

Highlander: The Series: Painful as it is to suggest such a
cliché of genre culture, Duncan McLeod would make an
excellent Judge. He's peaceful by nature and seeks to help
people who deserve it, but is quick to dole out his fair share of
violence against those mortals or immortals who reject peace.

That '70s Show: "What?" you ask. Dismiss almost
everyone on the show except Red Forman. Now make
his surroundings 100-percent drop-dead serious. He's
the ideal blue-collar regular guy and he has unmitigated
standards of right and wrong, proper and improper, wise
and foolish. Add to all that his penchant to tell people
when they screw up and you've got the personification
of a Judge and of Hunter itself.

Juper, Nov Visionary

Judges' calling doesn't involve just weighing the worth of creatures, people and hunters. Their responsibil
much greater. Judges tend to be the information gatherers among the imbued. Where fools rush in, they coll
intelligence, observe patterns and search for weaknesses. Not that collecting datamakes Judges ineffectual; they
when they believe it will be most effective and efficient, with a minimum of harm to themselves, their allies

unwitting people. Information gathering also grants arbiters the strength to act with confidence when they don't |
know all the details about a situation or subject that they'd like to know. Previous experience and extrapolation from |
past successes (which were based on amassed intelligence) contribute toa kind of intuition on which Judges may rely, |
By virtue of studying and preparing, Judges make ideal leaders of imbued in the field, on the hunt. Their knowl
experience and planning allow them to coordinate other hunters, to help those people get the job done and to survive
Finally, Judges approach their mission with personal ideals of right and wrong. These ideals are often upl
rigorously, forthe mediator herself and for any imbued under her guidance. She might decide thatrobbing from orhui
harmless peoy ple isnot an acceptable price for condemning or exonerating a creature. She might observe two Pe
- fighting ide that one is more deserving than the other, because the worthy "beast" doesn't actually feed upon
- people buth

chance to contribute to human society. These ideals of right and wrong therefore help — aspit

fate sang They consider the war as a whole and chouse actions based on thei

isionaries also make good leaders for the chosen in giving other imbued direction and purp.
Visionary agendas sound similar, the creed members are very different. Judges are the facilitators of
ct and think in the relatively short term as they try to solve the problems immediately before them.

e the long view and ponder dilemmas or possibilities that might have no bearing whatsoever ot

dead currently plaguing the city. Such differences of opinion on necessity and performance ‘

yrelati trengthen them. A Judge can take charge of actions "in the field," asamili

gains some distance from the front lines and can plan the campaign, like a general.

ludge, don't let her get too caught up in theory, philosophy or pondering. A ju

ral, and justice waits for no man... or monster.


i \

‘ii Seb it
Nk \ re My "

hon ay " ui


CHAPTER i: HUNTER ORIGINS

He shall judge the poor of the people, he shall save the
children of the needy, and shall break in pieces the oppressor.

— Psalms 72:4

QPENING SYAYEMENTS

From: listserver
Subject: Welcome

Asthe subject line says, welcome tojudgmentday.list.
Asyoualready know by virtue of being here, the Drumskin
web site is a scam. It's a real place, all right, but it's really
just a convenient cover for what I and a few others have
seen about how things really are in the world. You've
probably seen something, too, maybe a few days or even a
few weeks ago. Trust us, we know what you've been going
through. Trying to understand it, you might have gone
online and run a few search terms that seemed right or
that just stuck in your head. That's what we were hoping
for. That's how you found the bogus site. You probably
emailed me when the sign there sent a shiver up your
spine and you finally felt that something was right.

I've already emailed back to you individually. Since
you were invited onto this list, you recognized something
about yourself in that symbol. To me it means "balance,"
in terms of somehow serving or achieving balance against
what we know lurks out there. I don't know how get that
feeling. I just do and I can't shake it.

Others tell me the symbol means "justice" or "deliv-
erance" or even "judgment" to them. I guess those work
for me ina way, too. The last one struck me in particular
and was inspiration for this list's name, given the course
the world seems to be on.

If youcame here solely for the religious applications
of the site's name or search terms and managed to get
this far, don't bother going any further. You'll only be
confused. There are other strictly Christian discussion
groups out there. Our "judgment day" is not your "Judg-
ment Day." You won't find any Apocalyptic horsemen
or pearly gates here. At least, not yet.

Despite that rather cryptic introduction, this list is a
little more sedate than some of the others for people with our
"interests." Yes, there are other people like you who know
things, and other sites like this one that try to make sense of
it all. We won't send you to other sites for security reasons,
but you'll find them. You found this group, didn't you?.

If you just want to post manifestoes and brag, this
isn't the place for you. We're looking for day-to-day (or
moment-to-moment) techniques for dealing with "is-
sues," and larger strategies for how justice can be served
on a broad scale. We want to know how you've made
decisions and how you've come to conclusions, how
you've given direction to others like us, and how you
gather information when we generally seem to know so
little about how things are. Beyond that, topics can range
fairly widely. Use your own discretion. People are gener-
ally polite here, so there's nota lot of need fornet-copping.

Another major reason for this list is concern for the
security of the largest of our lists. Itseems pretty stable now, but
there have been remote hardware problems and even cases of
imposture. While I can't ensure that the same won't happen


on this list, I feel that the more of them that we have going,
the better off we are. Otherwise, all our eggs are in one basket.

Your subscription to judgmentday has been pro-
cessed, but before you start posting, let me offer some
advice and assurances.

Your real email address will never appear in any post,
unless you put it in the body of a message. The same is true
for your given name. Please do not send your email address
to anyone on this list, ever. (My hotmail account is under
a false name.) If someone attempts to assemble a full list
of us or others like us internet-wide, I'll leave it to

individuals to decide if addresses should be forwarded.

Likewise, never give your real name or real address.
Make up a handle for yourself. It's proprietary. If you pick
"Fisher," there'll never be another "Fisher" (unless some-
one picks "Fisher2" or something). The numerical place
holders of the main list are not needed here. Some people
bring their other handles onto judgmentday, but you
don't have to. Youcan call me "Listserver." No one needs
to know any more than that.

PRECEDENTS

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: justme
Subject: <no subject provided>

Uh, hi. | guess I'm not supposed to put my name in
here, which is weird. | got on this mailing list from the
web page with the symbol - the tattoo thing. | haven't
been reading long. | just signed on to hunter.net. I'm
"JustMe322" over there. | haven't posted there yet.
Those people seem like they're all over the place.

Did Crusader and Ripsaw really do those things that
| read? | mean, | haven't "retired" or "terminated" any-
one yet, and | don't really know if | could. | don't know
anything about fighting, and | don't know anything
about all these things I've started seeing. My "first time"
wasn't really that great, either.

| was at the mall one evening after school with my
friend Jen and we were waiting for her sister to pick us up.
(My mom's car was in the shop, so she took mine to go see
a patient.) So we're at the mall door and there's this guy
there, maybe a little younger than us? Weird looking, like
he was sick or something. | couldn't really put my finger on
whatit was, but he gave me the creeps. But Jen thought he
was cute for some weird reason. So she's, like, talking to
him while we're waiting, when | heard this voice. | thought
it was on the loudspeaker at first. It said "the dead are at
war" and | was looking around for where it was coming
from right before Jen started screaming.

So what | could suddenly see was that the kid was
dead. Like, pale and not breathing or anything. And he was
trying to get away from this other dead guy who'd come
from nowhere. This old guy looked deader, if that makes
sense. He was all rotted and messed up, and he was just
whaling on the kid. | shouted something. | know | did
because my throat was sore later, but I sure don't remem-
ber what | yelled. And then my mom was there. | don't
know where she came from. She said later that her patient
missed the session, so she decided to shop for my uncle's

birthday. Anyhow, people were running everywhere and
my mom started yelling out the window. Jen just jumped
into the car and mashed her face down in the back seat.

With us yelling at him, | think the old guy looked
kind of confused. | don't know what | was thinking. |
grabbed the kid and pulled him into the car. | guess he
seemed like, the underdog, you know. | just couldn't
stand to watch him get beat up. The old guy didn't like
that, | think. He punched through the back door window
- smash - just like that. All three of us were screaming
and my mom floored it and squealed out of there.

Wewere like, miles away before my mom pulled over at
an IHOP. She was breathing deep and trying to be calm, and
then Jen went totally nuts."He's dead! "she yelled. Mom tried
to take the kid's pulse and he was cold. Not to mention that
he was all torn up. It was gross. He had these big cuts all over
his face and arms, but they weren't bleeding. He was really
pale. Then all ofa sudden, hiseyes popped open. It was like the
scene in "Scream" where you think the killer's dead but he
jumps out at you? We all got scared like that.

He was inthe back seat between meand Jen, and his
mouth opened with these two giant fangs. He went
right for Jen's throat. She pulled the door latch and fell
out, and | jumped out after her, trying to get him off her.
| think he was weak from getting beat, because | drug
him off her pretty easy, and then he started fighting me.

I'm kind of shaky about what happened next. It all
happened really fast, but mom helped me remember. She
smashed him with her briefcase, one of those big metal ones.
Then shedroppeditorhetookitaway from her somehowand
knocked her over. Sol grabbeda rock from this flower bed and
| stood up and bashed him. Then he turned on me again and
hit me with the briefcase. The corner of it right on my head.

| woke up in the hospital. Mom was there and crying
like a baby. Everything was really blurry. It still is. I've got
a dentin my temple about the size of a nickel. The doctor
says he thinks something in my eye - the white part, |
guess - got wrecked and he doesn't know if they can fix it.

So that's what happened to me during my "imbu-
ing," if that's what it's called. Jen got away with nothing
but bruises. So did my mom. But Jen can't recognize any
of the symbols like the one on your site. She even has
trouble remembering everything that happened that

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: Re: <no subject provided>
justme wrote:
>Did Crusader and Ripsaw really do those things
Yes. was there. I won't work with Ripsaw again, and
Idon' 'tthink Crusader will either. Crusadermay not seem
but don'tthinkhe hurtspeople. He triesnot
to, anyhow. I think he only likes people in theory. I have
mixed feelings about Crusader. He claims to care about
en you meet him, all that comes
and intense self-control. He's
at he does.
er. Stay away from him and
make sure anyone yu care about does, too.


night - worse than me. I saw the symbol on the tattoo-
ing sign, and it looked familiar, but it didn't mean much
to my mom. She drew another one, which looked, |
dunno, "right" to her somehow, but not as much to me.

I've also found that if | concentrate real hard, | cari make
my vision gct clear again. Anyone know what that's all about?
To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Introduction

[Greetings, friends. I have heen able to translate the first
of the posts from the gentleman who uses the title "Warden."
One of my colleagues in [censored] suggested that the English
lists, which seem the largest, might have interest in his
comments, so | send this to hunter.list and the others like it. I
cannot tell you where "Warden" is from, but it is an industri-
alized nation and he is an intelligent and educated man.]

1 have observed a number of lists from around the
world. Though | am not fluent with many languages, it 15
possible to ascertain some common factors about all our
interactions, even from piecing together occasional words.
The greatest questions | have seen asked are: Who are we?
What are we doing? And why? These are questions that
mankind has asked since our origins. They have always
plagued us. Yet these existential uncertainties take on a
new urgency when one must account for the existence of
murderous supernatural beings.

Where did we come from? | cannot pretend to give an
ultimate answer to this question, but has anyone ever? |

can, however, re-
count my
own

"awakening" and theorize about what it means, and what
it might show about how we are chosen.

Lam the warden of a prison for violent or incorrigible
criminals. My office looks over the exercise yard, and one
day | heard a commotion. There is a certain music to the
sound of the conviers. Over the years, | have become adept
at hearing the difference between ordinary talk and
trouble. On the day 1 awoke, it was definitely trouble. |
looked out the window and saw a monster, for lack of a
better term. lt was tall, covered with thick black hair, and
iL Was Tipping @ LUNVILL apart in sight of all.

lvan toward the yard, giving orders [??? ldo not know
the word.] as | went. By the time 1 got there, the situation
was much worse. Lwo guards tired at it trom the walls. Four
guards were dead in the yard. Others were running, as were
most of the convicts. l think those were the wise ones. Five
convicts attempted to fight the creature, grabbing [An
other unknown term for me. Clubs? ] from the dead guards.
1 could see there was little good | could do from the ground,
sol got a rifle and joined the guards on the wall. | fired many
times before it finally died. Of the five inmates who tried to
fight it, three survived and were still striking the carcass
when we arrived. Everyone who had seen the beast was
hysterical, with the exception of those three inmates, the
two guards who had fired from the wall, and myself. We
needed tear gas and fire hoses to restore order, but when the
fog cleared, | learned several things.

First: When dead, rhe monster appeared to turn into

a human shape, as if the mon-
strous form were not its
2 first or that the human
one was a

ruse. Spe-

« cifically, it

\" could be

identified

as one of our

new inmates. |

cannot tell you


his name without endangering myself. Let us call him
"Frank." He was serving a term for aggravated assault.

Second: Only the twe guards, three convicts and myself
remembered the incident clearly. Everyone else asked
presented hazy and contradictory [dreams?]. One inmate
described Frank fighting another convict and the guards
overreacting and opening fire. Never mind that guards
carry no firearms in the yard, and that the injuries inflicted
by "Frank" were clearly gashes, not bullet wounds.

The other guards who witnessed the event were no
more coherent. They remembered Frank seizing a guard's
rifle and thought other convicts had helped him in what
was clearly an escape attempt. This, again, despite the care
we take to keep weapons out of the exercise yard, even out
of the hands of guards there.

Third: Two of the convicts and one of the guards later
confessed individually that they "heard voices." The guard
apparently heard "He is the beast." One convict claimed to
hear, "You have the Power" and another, "Death walks
hidden," whatever those might mean. | believe | retained my
senses during the episode, yet | cannot say that | heard any
particular voices apart from those of the people | worked
with. | therefore cannot confirm or deny any of these claims.

Fourth: The three convicts, two guards and myself
seemed to develop what | can now call "enhanced sight,"
based on what l have pieced together of it from other
accounts. l thought perhaps that what | witnessed in the
yard that day was an isolated event. lt was certainly the
most extraordinary and daunting thing | had ever experi-
enced. lt was thus a tremendous shock when we perceived
that one of the guards on the night shift was, in best terms,
not human. He was our second elimination.

Some of the guards present when the first being
appeared were good men, but to my knowledge they did not
gain any special insights or "capabilities." The rest of us
have, inexplicably. Of the three prisoners who were awak-
ened, we have an arsonist, a rapist and a murderer. This
convinces me that the difference between those who become
awakened and those who do not is not based on any kind of
morality. 1 suspect the difference is simply this: We who
acted were armed to act. Those who fled or who merely stood
appalled were not, because they did not have the capacity to
act within them or they were simply not selected to do so.
To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: thomas
Subject: Paths

Many of you on this list are going to discover that, as you
band together to follow whatever path you feel lies before you,
that someone will step up first and lead the way. He may be
chosen by you, selected by our "patrons" by some means, or
perhaps even elected by himself to organize hunts, assign
duties and decide the course that you should follow. He will
know the nearest destinations on his path, and how to
contend with roadblocks that occur. He will be a good
navigator, but ultimately will not know what lies at the end of
his journey, or perhaps even care. For him, the journey may be
as important as the destination. Perhaps it is. These would-be
leaders can be our greatest allies or greatest enemies.

Fromsentiments I've seen expressed here, I suspect that
many of you could be these very people. Rather than attack
or hold out a hand instinctively, you seem to consider the
beings youencounter, weigh the choices you face and search
for the greatest possible good, whether for man or monster.
You therefore bear a burden. Under proper direction, we
hunters can be a potent force for improving this world.
Under the wrong leadership, we could rival the creatures of
the night for the sorrow we could cause. You Inlay be the ones
to help choose the way, at least in the short term.

What follows is an archive of e-mails and journal entries
sent to me by the one who calls himself Solomon. You might
recognize some of these posts; he sent messages to at least one
list. I think he wanted to convince me of the error of my own
ways, in hopes that I'd fall into line and follow blindly into the
short-sighted future he sought to create. Read this and learn
of those who might lead you, or whom you might become.

I sign off using the name I'm given in my very brief
cameo in this sad story. All I can do is hope there are
more Tarjimans out there, helping others find a better
way where the Solomons have fallen to the wayside.

— Thomas

This is oxy Fst post here, so | should at least let you know
where I'm coming From. | ran my Family's business before | learned
the truth, Let me tell you Something: if you think there's a lot of
therm in positions of Power, you! re right. It's not like they're rooted
everywhere like weeds. It's mere like they know exactly which
spots to pick — the ones that are easily defended and that give
them access to all levels of power. | saw dead things, | sav things
that were just different, and | knew that | had to yet ovt of the
business world. | Liquefied my assets, made some noife about retiring
to Europe, and cut all contacts to my old Friends. They couldn't see
the truth, and | didn't want to live their lies anymore.

I'm Living partly in the streets, partly in cheap hotels now.
Twice a week, | wash up and go online at a public computer. That's
about all you need to know about me, a "lowlife" with @novgh cash
focked away to buy a dozen houses. As you can See, | don't believe
in half measures, We have to be decisive.

| don't normally talk about myself like this, but | get the
Feeling that it's important to Some of you to know where we all
Stand. | never won any Philosophy awards in school, and | don't
expect that to change here. My Philosophy has always been that
beliefs are useless unless they're put into action. But it's critical
that | communicate with you, if only to prevent you from Falling
in with Some of the wronq-headed thinkers ovt there.

There's not alot that we can take for granted about our Situation,
but we do seem to know thif: Some people see monsters. Some people see
ghosts. Sometimes the newly imbved do the right thing and take a monster
down. Other times, they try to talk to it. There's no pattern, no guiding
force here. Take a look at the members of this List we can hardly agree
on anything, IF there is Something Supposedly organizing vs, Id be more
mmclimned to call rt a quidmey stupidity than a quidmey intelligence.

We can theorize all we want, but even if we come vp with
an explanation that makes vs happy, we Still don't know @novgh
to say anything for sure.

Think back to your Life before your change. IF | told you a year ayo
that the world was rm by dead people, you would have thought | wat
acrackpot. lm Sure that iF anyone on this list ever came up with the truth,


wed never ayree that it was right or wed all dismiss the quy af nuts.
Since we know fo Little, we have to draw lines and place things that are
beyond our control on one Side, and things that we can chanye on the
other, Some of you might find comfort thinking about the big how's and
whys of our Situation. | have to think that making plans for taking ovt rots
or gathering intelligence on skin changers if abetter use of ovr time. Looking
at the biy picture is Fine, but we need to see it with a practical eye.

We bear a terrible responsibility. It's unthinkable that we would
do anything but carry it through to the best of ovr abilities. | will only
deal with that which | can see, touch or experience directly. Given that
we went through life for fo lony completely ignorant of the truth of
our existence, | don't see any Point in trying to Ponder the unknowable.
As Far as can See, the source of our Powers haf no bearing on ovr mission.
There's no outside power telling me what to do. I'm acting on the same
beliefs and skills that made me a success in the business world.

lf you found yourself outside a burning building and people inside
were screaming for help, would you stop and wonder why you
happened to be near that building at that point in time or would you
do Something and save people? That's how | look at our situation. I'm
STILL my own Person. | still Like chocolate cake and | still hate Seinfeld,
I'm just not af ignorant about the world as | was before.

Journal Entry 1

My brother is dead,

That decadent bastard's immural life Finally caught up with
him. Mother and Father were always lenient with him. | think | was
the only one who was not Surprised when he was forced to leave
Harvard because of his grades. | Femember when hé used To Try To
get me to "help" him with his schoolwork back at Andover. That
Uttle Snot, with the yirls always looking at him and Laughing at his
stupid little jokes and the quys always clustering avound him,
Soaking up the glory he won on the baseball Field.

lremember teaching him to throw a baseball. Father was never around,
as usual. | remember that even af a five-year-dd he had a yveat arm,

| can't dwell on that now. | have to remember when he came to me,
Finally back From his "vacation" in Evrope. | should have been Suspicious when
he asked to meet at the office after midnight, What mold have happened
if | hadn't been so quick to write it off af an eccentricity? | cant think
Like Thal; | was going 10 work Ihal Lale anyway, No mal ley where we
were when we met — it could have been in the middle of Quincy Market
— the flames would have shown me that he wore death like one of his
Stylish new suits, lording it over Poor, unstylish me.

| always get a little too sentimental for my own good in these
diaries. | have to remember that he was no longer Roderick by then but
a Sickening imitation. Something killed him and possessed his body. That's
the only explanation. Roderick was human, That thing | killed wasn't.

Tue Source oF re IMeuine

To? judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Our Source

[I further my correspondence with Warden. His
English is not good, so I continue to translate. This
message is sent to a variety of lists again.]

lL have been observing the awakened in my prison. 1
choose not to share their names, for reasons you compre-
hend. Instead, | will refer to them by letters (for the
guards) and by their crimes (for the convicts).

Guard H has developed two different potentials, for
lack of a better term. One is a capacity to inflict deadly

CHAPTER i: HUNTER ORIGINS

harm with something thrown, such as a stone or one of the
prison's dining trays. Of course, such items would cause
harm unto themselves, but the damage Guard H can inflict
seems disproportionate to the items concerned. Addition-
ally, if he touches a person, he can create a trail that he
describes as smoke, but which is apparently invisible to
most. With great concentration, | can sometimes see a faint
image of the streamer he describes, as can Guard S.

Guard S shares with me an ability to perceive subtle-
ties about beings and people, but not in the minute ways
that 1 do. | do not fully understand his capability. lt seems
[intuitive?] rather than factual. He furthermore has the
ability to impair the advance of a dangerous creature. He
describes it as a force that flows from him, that pushes back
any unnatural thing. Interestingly, this "rejection" is
shared with one of the convicts.

The prisoner | shall name Murder possesses a similar
protective capacity as Guard S, though he does not claim
to have S's special perception. In addition, when Murder
strikes a clubbing blow with an ordinary object, his
weapon appears extremely effective and dangerous, much
like Guard H's thrown objects. Also, | have seen Murder
ignite cloth with a metal object, and during his awakening,
episode he inflicted burns upon the hairy creature by
striking it with a weight from a barbell.

The second convict, Rape, has proven difficult and
[churlish?]. He refuses to demonstrate his powers, claiming
that he can only access them when needed, "not to be a
spectacle," he insists. Given the evidence he once put on the
body of a target, he seems to be able to make his hands
corrosive or damaging in some fashion.

The final prisoner, Arson, does not possess the aggressive
powers of the other convicts. Instead, he has developed an
astonishing ability to avoid harm, simply by yelling at it. 1
myself have seen him turn aside knife thrusts and the claws
of monsters with a simple shout.

This array of abilities bears directly, | believe, upon the
question of our nature and origin. As we have learned
Uhrough difficulty in vur first months uf uperation, these
skills are specific. They have details. After careful consid-
eration, | conclude that these are not the kinds of crude
[mutations?] one sees from purely blind, evolutionary
happenstance. Take H, for example. His abilities suit him
well for a role like a picador's. He can follow a prey at a
distance and harass it readily, without putting himself at
great risk. Murder, on the other hand, is more like a matador.
His defensive ability allows him to repel acreature's assault,
while his attack delivers great damage, but only at close
quarters. Guard S and Arson are both well suited to follow
and observe, but are less able to finish the task.

Sometimes in nature one sees this sort of specializa-
tion. ln hive insects, perhaps, where a different diet makes
this one a drone, that one a queen. But to my knowledge,
this sort of "natural role" is not found ina higher animals,
and certainly does not occur spontaneously. | therefore
speculate that our awakening is not natural. At least, that
it is not part of the "nature" of man that we once knew.

A different hypothesis is religious. A number of
posters on the list in my language explain their episodes of
awakening in religious terms. | am on shaky ground when
it comes to addressing religion (as are we all, | suppose),


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

but this explanation does not appeal. The "blessing" of a
vicious multiple rapist is antithetical to me.

lv is disturbing that a plausible religious explanation
for us has come from Rape himself. After an early mission,
Arson and Murder were both injured. While the guards and
l were occupied with that crisis, Rape departed by stealth.
l found him before he was able to remove his electronic
tracking anklet but not before he had acquired some
[hallucinogens?], which he ingested immediately.

lt was under this influence that he shared his theory.
(Indeed, he could have been making it up.) According to
Rape, we were all awakened, not by angels, but by devils
that take issue with the current ruler of the world (who is,
of course, a devil himself). We were chosen then, not based
on merit, but because we are useful. lt matters not to the
devil if you are a good or bad man, as long as you will hit
the other devil's followers hard.

Yet this proposition does not satisfy me. lt seems too
elaborate. Lf these begs can give us the powers to fight their
enemies, why do they not simply do their own fighting? This
1s the central puzzle with the [Agaim, 1 do not know the word.
Ubeheve he refers to the Heralds here]. When we answer this,
we may be able to answer our greater questions.

Inthe end, | must take refuge m agnosticism, as l always
have on matters of the spirit. On those subjects about which
a person cannot speak, that person must remain silent.

This is not to say that | doubt that we have a mission.
l can see for myself the savagery of our new world. When
1 see a creature that feeds on sorrow inhabiting the body
of a charity worker, | do not pause before taking the
obvious right action. Neither do 1 question whose hand
took the scales from my eyes.

Mom's got some interesting ideas about where all these
funky powers come from. She's a psychologist, so she's heard
about some pretty weird stuff. Like one lady who had mul
tiple personalities that supposedly gave off electric shocks.
She said that it got so bad they wouldn't let her use the phone
if she'd been "switching" a lot in a session - she'd short it out!

Then there's just the general weirdness of hypnosis,
with people talking languages they never knewandremem-
bering things they shouldn't have been able to. Mom's
pretty skeptical. She thinks it's really easy for a hypnotist to
give out clues about what they want without realizing it,
but even she says she's seen some things she can't explain.

A bunch of people have said they think there have
been hunters before. That kind of makes sense to me. |
mean, seeing what the creatures out there can do, there'd
have to be something keeping them in control. Other-
wise, wouldn't they just totally take over everything?

Maybe in the olden days, people knew how to fight
monsters and we've all forgot somehow. Maybe the imbu-
ing is just remembering the past where you knew how to
fight monsters. | still don't know why it's all happening now.
Crystal23 on the big list keeps talking about how it's a new
age. | always thought that astronomy was kind of bull, but
then again | never believed in bogeymen before either.

I'm reading the old posts from the guy who was
looking for some scientific answer, but that doesn't make
sense to me. Now that my sight is all messed up, I've got to
wear big thick glasses, right? So when | put the glasses on,
my vision goes from being blurry to being clear. Orican put

on that "special" sight and see clearly then too. But here's
the weird thing. When | concentrate, | can see clearly
through the glasses or without them. It's like they‘re just
window glass. That just shouldn't be, should it? | mean, in
physics they talk about how glasses distort light and curve
it. If it's curved right it should look differently through
glasses, no matter if my vision is clear or blurry. But it
doesn't. With the special thing, it looks just the same.

So, where did I get this weird thing, and does it make
me like people who were like us before?

I can look at what | know about the imbuing, af I've Seen it called,
and | can tell you one thing: | have no idea why it happened, or what
caused it, ALL | can do if deal with the aftermath,

We appear to have had a choice. Some of uf Saw the truth and
decided to do something about it. Some of uf just Stocd there and let
a Something terrible have its way. When | Saw the thing, | knew it was
evil and | took Steps to destroy It. It was an almost instinctual reaction,
like how the densest animal knows enovyh to be afraid of Fire.

We all seem to have made that choke, qiven the relatively common
experiences we accomt. Kill the dead thing... ayain. | did it. You did it. It
wsatn't God. Ht wasn't Mother Earth, tt wasnt Father Christmas. It wat uf.

I don't care where the voices come From, and | don't care who
gave uf these Powers. We Made ovr decision to start this Fight,
and it's up to uf to carry through and end it. You're here because
you chose to be here. If you didn't want it, you'd still be in the
dark. Our apparent abilities Let us fight the monsters. What we
need to do now if formulate a concrete strategy for identifying
and destroying the things, not posture and philosophize.

Journal Entry 2

| have found a community of the "imbued," af they call
themselves, on the internet and have joined an e-mail list that
distributes news and opinions of our activities. | can already see that
Some on the list are unreachable. I've decided to not expose the All
extent of my activities and plans. First, can't trust that the members
of this list are all normal. There haf heen a lot of talk about Security
breaches. Second, af was true for humanity at large, fo if it tree for
these "imbued": Many are foolf and many are malicious. | still don't
know if willful evil if worse than evil born of ignorance of Stupidity.

Bear Wirness

| don't know anything about all these kinds of mon-
sters that people are talking about. I've only seen a couple,
the two! saw when | got imbued and one where | work. I've
got a job at a video store. Not a big chain, just an indepen-
dent store. Anyhow, a lot of people come through, so I've
been keeping an eye out with that concentration looking.
| spotted one and today | had to do more than just look.

There's this one woman. She lives close by and comes in
fairly often. She looks kind of sad, always rents comedies. Her
name's Edith. So after | got hit in the head and started seeing
things funny, | tooka special look at her and saw that she had
this "thing" floating around her. | don't know, | guess it was a
ghost. No one else could see it, that's for sure, because it was
all messed up. It had a smashed head with eyes pointing
different waysandall bloody. Thefirsttime| sawit!hadtorun
to the bathroom and puke. | told the manager it was some-
thing I'd eaten and she sent me home early.

| was ready for it the next time Edith came in. | kind of
got her address and phone number off the computer. |
took a walk by her place - it's only about three blocks from
where | work. If | looked close, | could see in the window.


She was sitting onthe couch by herself, looking really tired,
and that invisible thing was sitting right next to her, like
they were on a date. | don't think she knew it was there. |
can't say why | know that. I've gone by when she's not
there, andsometimes the ghostis there. Sometimes it isn't.

Anyway, yesterday she came in with this funny look-
ing guy. Kind of like John Tutturro, sort of like Steve
Buscemi. They seemed like they were on a date or some-
thing. She looked happy or at least kind of cheerful. The
ghost was with them, too, sort of scowling as far as | could
tell. They had some Chinese food from the place next door,
and weren't driving. So | got Neal, who works with me, to
cover for me while | snuck out to see what happened.

They were walking back to her apartment, around
the back of the store. They were taking the street, which
is the long way around this undeveloped area with no
pavement or buildings. | went over the fence and got
ahead of them. | couldn't hear what they were saying,
but the guy was laughing. He had a weird laugh - nota
"ha ha" but one of those really up and down laughs. She
must have said something really funny.

They were walking across the parking lot to her
apartment. | was looking with the real clear sight and |
saw the ghost reach down and yank the guy's shoelace. It
took the guy a couple steps to notice, and while he was
doing that, the ghost ran over to this parked truck. As the
guy was tying his shoe, the truck rolled out of gear. |
yelled at him. He looked up just as the truck was on top
of him. He dropped their food and jumped out of the way.
The truck went right over the leftovers, smashed it flat.
Then it crashed into another car. | looked, but the ghost
was gone. Then Edith yelled something at me, and |
turned and ran. | don't know if she recognized me or not.

CHAPTER i: HUNTER ORIGINS

Im Sure no one here is interested in reading another regurgitation of
what arot or skin changer is. What I'm going to concentrate on if a disturbing
trend | see among some hunters, specifically in how they look at monsters.

[think a Common and possibly Fatal mistake is to assume that monsters
are of human origin, [ve heard skin changers referred to af humans who
Can turn into animals. How do we know that the reverse isn't the case?
Maybe skin changers are animals that can disguise themselves af humans
in order to better hunt us. Perhaps af civilization progressed, they
Piggybacked along, Learning technology and learning how to better hide
among uf. This Points ovt the Serious law in assuming that there is Something
"Salvageable'' in monsters. We don't even know if they are human, never
Mind if they can truly Feel emotions or if they can See humans af any thing
other than food, Ive only heard of skin changers taking the form of
predators, like wolves. Those are meat-eaters. Killers.

As | stated before, I've taken steps to cut all ties to my
former life and am "Laying low" to avoid attracting attention.
Trust me, when you have money and Power, you yet attention.
When you Seem to have nothing, no one notices you.

When you Live this way, You gain anew perspective on Life, not unlike
the horrific one we've all gained. for example, most of the good sleeping
Spots are taken im bad weather, If you want Something, you have to fight
for it. So when the rain hit, | wasn't surprised to find ory Spot under the
bridge occupied. What was odd was the bum who evicted me, Most of the
homeless wallow in misery on their best days, unless they're stoned or
drunk. This one seemed oddly exuberant. He offered to share the spot
and his food, and joked with the people huddled under the shelter.

Perhaps my natural Suspicion of any qoodwill, no matter your
Station in Life, got the better of me. | looked at him. That was
the first time | saw a monster ovt during daylight.

There was Something wrony about him, but | couldn't put my
Finger on it. It was af if Living under a bridge and yetting by on


HUNT ERBQOK: JUDGE

scraps was normal for this quy, af if the homeless people were
intruding on his turf, rather than the other way around,

Some of you may Point to this sense af evidence that not all monsters
are evil. It did seem genwinely interested in the bums' Condition, and it
offered more comfort to them than the averaye Person would.

Yet, | point ovt two things. | avoided the thing's food, | couldn't
know if the food was healthy or even meant for human consumption.
furthermore, would you call a farmer fattening his livestock for
slaughter a caring oF concerned benefactor? The Farmer's concern begins
and ends with the profit his cattle provide. We must remember that
we are ignorant of the ways of these creatures, Occam's razor has been
broken; the simplest explanation if now officially nonexistent.

Goitusion

Yesterday, | told my mom about how | saw a ghost
try to hit Edith's boyfriend with a truck, right? So today
| didn't have to work and | got mom and went by Edith's
apartment. She wasn't there. | checked for her car. | did
see the ghost, though. | was kind of scared, but | figured
if it could really hurt people, it would have messed up
that guy Edith was with instead of trying to get him
with a truck. | hoped I'd be okay if | kept an eye on it.

We kind of went up and looked in the window, and
it was looking right at us, so | motioned for it to come out.
It looked really surprised at that, | think. (Its head is so
mushed up that it's hard to see expressions, but it stood
backa little, like it was startled.) It walked out to us- right
through the wall! | could see stuff moving and working
in what used to be its mouth, and I could see some teeth
going up and down, but | couldn't hear anything. | told it
| couldn't hear and it started looking around. Then it
reached through mom's purse and her cell phone rang!

She answered it, and as she put it to her ear, the
thing put its mouth right up near her, like its mouth was
close to the phone? Mom jumped at that, but the guy
motioned for her to keep listening. Mom's eyes got wide
and | could hear that little sound when someone else is
on the phone. She waved me over and | got as close to
the phone and the ghost as | could deal with.

It wanted to know how we could see it. Itasked if we
were middle or something. Mom said she guessed we
were, whatever that meant. Then | asked why it tried to
kill that guy the other night.

It played dumb for a while, but finally said "I wasn't
trying to "kill" him. | know that death doesn't solve a
thing. | was just trying to scare him away." So we asked
why he was doing that, and he got all weird again. So |
said "Well, maybe we should talk to Edith about it" and
he said "No, don't do that! She doesn't know!" "Doesn't
know what?" "Doesn't know I'm still with her."

Soitturns out this ghost is Ned, Edith's husband who
died in a car crash. He'd driven a bunch of hours trying to
get home and surprise her on their anniversary, and he
fell asleep at the wheel and crashed on the highway.

So mom said that was a sad story, but did that
excuse him taking it out on this other guy?

The ghost started to get mad, saying we didn't under-
stand. As soon as he said that, | winced. | mean, when you talk
with my mom that's like walking intoa trap. | almost beat her
to it, but she got out "Why don't you explain it to me?"

What he said was that, as long as Edith remembered
him, it made it easier for him to hang around. If she forgot

him, he thought he'd just die or something. Mom said
"You don't think she's going to forget you, do you? After
you got killed driving home to see her?" He said that she
didn't know that either. Edith knew he'd been killed in a
car crash, but she didn't know he'd worked so hard to be
done early and get home. He'd tried his phone trick on
her, but as soon as he said something to her, she'd get all
freaked out and hang up. He really wanted to tell her
about what happened, but he couldn't get through.
So we kind of offered to tell her.

Accomptice

The whole Edith/Ned thing is getting more compli-
cated all the time. First off, there's just the normal Edith
side of it. She came in to work and asked if that was me in
the parking lot. Behind her is Ned, nodding his head, so |
kind of admitted that, yeah, it was me. Then she asked why
Iran. | shrugged, said something about being embarrassed
and not wanting the hassle. She looked kind of confused.
She said | probably saved her friend from an accident. Then
she asked how | knew the truck was going to roll like that.
| said something about how | saw it moving and remem-
bered hearing something on the radio about trucks with
bad brakes. | don't think she believed me. Adults nevgr
believe teenagers, unless you tell them something they're
expecting to hear - like how stupid you are or something.

So Ned was getting agitated and started poking at the
phone on the counter, but it didn't ring the way mom's
phonedid. Still, | pickedit up. Justa dialtone, though! could
see he wastryingtotalktome. Edith looked at melike! was
crazy, then finally thanked me and left.

Ned hungaroundafter work, waiting forme. | couldn't
hear him, but from his gestures | could see he wanted to get
in the car with me, so | let him in. He started giving me
directions, but when | saw he was heading for a graveyard,
| went home, hoping mom would be there. She wasn't. She
works a lot of nights, seeing her clients after they get off
work. Lately, of course, she's been trying to follow mon-
sters around and not get seen. She told me she's only
spotted a few, but sometimes | think she's lying. Ned tried
to make the phone thing work again. This time it rang and
| could hear him, but it was really staticky.

He wanted me to go to the graveyard and meet some
other ghosts. He said they were like him. They had leftover
business and really wanted us to help them finish it.
Whenever | said | wasn't sure, he got really desperate. |
remember hesaid"Hey, why do you think you can even see
us if you're not supposed to do anything?" That kind of hit
home, even though he didn't know how | got into this stuff
inthe first place. Buton the other hand, if we're"supposed"
to help ghosts, wouldn't we be able to hear them, too?

Anyhow, | said there was no way | was going into a
graveyard at night without my mom, and he said he
understood. That was fair. Then he wanted to know how
| was going to tell Edith about him. | said | didn't think it
would do a lot of good to tell her if she didn't believe me,
which there was no chance that she would right now.

Does anyone have any good ideas about this?

The monster was back today, and its Fan club was ovt in Force.
| got closer this time, to get a better look at it and to qrab some
of the food it was handing ovt. At the very least, | might be able
to Figure ovt how to test it For Poison. Does anyone know a place
that tests samples? Money if no problem.


Anyway, it atked a lot of gestions about the Ardus Enterprises
Plant that's going vp on this side y town | remember hearing abovt it
before | went underground, Ardus was gong to buy up a Few blocks of
decaying waterfront property and bvild anew waste disposal Facility.
et you can't get a project Like that to Ay around here with

all the Liberals, but Ardus made an excellent case. They were going
to target alot of the local run down communities for employment drives,
which made the liberals happy, and had plans to take on fome of the
city's waste management at a bargam rate, which made the
conservatives happy. It was a simple but effective method to cut off
opposition before it had a chance to form, No politician om either side
of the Line could make too much noise about the project. Considering how
touchy a topic watte ditpotal can be with the Demacratt and their tree
hugging Friends running things im this town, it was a move of pure qenivs.

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: serena
Subject: Re: Monsters I've Seen

> I said I didn't think it would do a lot of good
to tell her if she

> didn't believe me, which

> there was no chance that she would right now.

> Does anyone have any good ideas about this?

There _are_ no good ideas about how to do it,
because it's a bad idea. Look, some of these things try to
tuin you directly, and some try it subtly, but _do not trust
thisthing_. Trust me. I'm just trying to spare you the hard
knocks that I took. | listened to something that looked
human, only better, and italwayssounded reasonable and
pitiful and it could quote the Bible and_The Merchant of
Venice_about why I should go easy on it, and when I did
it killed my friend and came after me.

Put it down. That's what we're here for. If you
can't do that, walk away.

Lo: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: thinker
bject: Re: Monsters I've Seen

serena wrote:

>> I said I didn't think it would do a lot of good
to tell her if she

>> didn't believe me, which

>> there was no chance that she would right now.

>> Does anyone have any good ideas about this?

> Put it down. That's what we're here for. If you
can't do that, walk

> away.

Don't listen to Serena. If you're convinced that you
can trust this Ned person and want to help him, get him
totellyousome things that noone else could know about
him or Edith. Every married couple has secrets like that.

Good luck on ae If you can put one of these
creatures to rest out resorting to violence, I
think you've done the right thing, regardless of
whether it's "what the Messengers intended."

CHAPTER i: HUNTER ORIGINS

Now the plant if coming under a lot of scrutiny. There was some
Sort of gyn battle over there. A lot of the neighborhoods that depend
on the plant far work report lots of kids getting sick, even thovgh
doctors can't find any thing wrong with them, So this monster's qvestions
were pretty interesting, It asked if wed seen any of the Ardus
security guards, if they looked "Anny" to vf. It atked about any
entrances or exits we may have seen besides the Front gate, or if we
knew of any people who had gone missing near the plant. The questions
weren't blatant, and unless | was Suspicious of him | wouldn't have thovght
he was trying to do anything more than make conversation.

This all ties back to my earlier message, I'm willing to bet that
those monsters are messing around with the Ardus plant, maybe even
Poifoning those Poor kids to make the company Look bad. A Lot of people
would be out of work if the plant was closed, and the city would lose
alot of money if it had to shift waste disposers. Maybe the monsters
just can't stand to see uf take a small step forward. Or, if they're
Preying on the poor Like | think they are, the extra money in the
community if making their cattle a little too independent.

So the next time you see a monster treating humans as
anything other than toys, remember that you don't know any thing
about that monster's motives. We Cannot know anything of their
intentions, simply because we are human and they are not.

Hascas Corpus

Well, | may not need to find a way to convince Edith.
Ned may be dead. Or maybe | mean "more dead." | guess
he was already dead. Now maybe he's just "gone."

Mom and | went to the graveyard with him, and there
were two other ghosts waiting for us, Maurice and Dorrie.
Ned got mom's phone working and he was talking to us - like
he was translating what the other two said? Maurice had
money hidden somewhere that he wanted his son to get, and
there was some complicated soap opera story about how he
died protecting it. | never got to hear Dorrie's story because
a bunch of what | guess were ghosts showed up. Fiveofthem.

It was really weird. For one thing, it was like they
flew in. You know the part in "The Wizard of Oz" wheré
Dorothy's in the tornado? It was like that. It looked like
their clothes and hair were flapping in the wind, but me
and Mom didn't feel a thing.

Four of these new ghosts were in old-time uniforms,
like in "Saving Private Ryan," and they had what looked like
rifles. | couldn't see their faces, just shadows. The fifth ghost
wasworse. He was really skinny and naked, but with no, you
know, parts. It was as if his skin was pulled really tight
around his bones. He had no eyes, only dark holes. These
things showed up and started fighting Ned and his friends.

The whole thing was totally weird and silent. | was
screaming, trying to hitthe army guys, but they just ignored
me. They were holding Dorrie down and stabbing her with
the knives on their rifles, leaving big cuts that didn't bleed.

Ned tried to run, but the really skinny guy was on
him. The guy just touched Ned. | don't know what
happened. It was like Ned just crumpled up and van-
ished. Like water getting sucked down a drain.

Mom ran to mein the center of them all and yelled
"No!" real loud. It was like she was in the middle of an
explosion. They got blasted back and tried to push in at
her but couldn't. Only she'd blown Dorrie back too
when that was who she was trying to save.

It was like there was a wall between us and the
ghosts. At least until the skinny guy tried. He was like one


of thase mimes doing that "walking inta the wind' thing?
Only his hair was being blown back too, by whatever
mom was pushing him with. But no matter how hard she
pushed, he kept caming. We hacked up against a wall
There was no place to go. He was almost on us. Mom was
sweating and swearing and yelling real loud. That's when
it spake "Ohliviaus waits far yau," arsamething like that
We'd never been able to hear a ghost before, and we
could hear this one over mom yelling and me crying.

Then everyone was gone, like they'd never been
there at all. Mom and | were left standing alone against
the graveyard wall.

What was that thing? | mean, | don't even know
who I've become or why all this has happened to me.
How am | supposed to deal with something like that?
To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Adversaries

[I apologize for the delay in translating more infor-
mation from Warden. | have been engaged in activities
that I should not talk of here.]

Lhave followed with interest a discussion in my native
language about which creature that we face is the "worst."
Some say it's the apparent shape changers, because they
are animals hiding among people. Others say it is the
vampires that stalk the cities. A few vote for the succubi/
incubi that feed on stolen emotions.

Am | the only one who sees racist undertones in this

discussion? We are all very quick to say, "This type of

creature does such and is evil to this degree," while, "This
other type of monster behaves differently and is evil to a
lesser degree." | think this kind of blanket generalization
is dangerous on two levels.

\ have seen what might be called vampires who are little
better than homeless, standing in train stations, begging and
bullying change from those who pass by. 1 have seen other
similar creatures driven to the halls of international power by
chauffeured limousines. By the same token, | have seen the
[energized ones?] gomg about their business with no appear-
ance of harming anyone, while others have used their powers to
deceive and manipulate others for personal gain.

Which creature is most dangerous? Most likely to be
well protected? Which works great ills upon humanity? |
say the vampire in the expensive suit or in the position of
power that associates with generals and diplomats, or the
[energized one] that mampulates minds.

But it is equally possible that there are skin changers,
for example, that never harm anyone. Yes, the ones who
attract our attention tend to be those who rampage, but there
have been a number of reports from people who see these
creatures in their human forms doing nothing noteworthy.
Washing windows, driving trucks, harming no one.

What am | to do in such cases? Should 1 scheme ‘fo
release Murder, Rape and Arson so that they can fight such
a seemingly innocuous creature? These criminals are proven
dangerous men. Should 1 risk their escape to confront a
creature that has only the potential to be dangerous? No. Not
without a great store of information first.


So yes, you can say that l "let some go." If l see a ghost
haunting drunks in the gutter, | do not concern myself with
it. L have greater troubles.

1s it possible that every ghost is evil, every changer is
wicked, every blood drinker is bad? Yes. 1 will easily accept
that possibility. ln the case of the vampire, it is even likely. lf
their need for blood conforms to folklore, it would be very hard
for them to avoid harming others, simply by nature of their
existence. But l believe it is necessary to look with a longer
view. There are only so many creatures l can follow and observe
while fulfilling my duties at the prison. | must therefore watch
those creatures | feel pose the greatest threat, or that are in
a position to pose the greatest threat to humanity. One does not
mobilize a police force to find a solitary man who beat his wife
and fled. Those officers are needed to find terrorists, drug
traffickers and others whose actions harm many. Similarly, l
am forced to confine my group to those creatures that are
openly dangerous and who pose an immediate threat.

It has been suggested that the awakening obliges us to
forget our jobs, families and stations in life in order to
combat the threat. ln my case, as in many 1 think, this is
folly. lf | were to turn my back on my position, | would not
only arouse suspicion, | would lose resources and access
that are vital to my mission. Not least of these would be my
three expendable weapons.

Ucould leave it at that, but | will go further. | have seen
a shape changer who is a police officer. | have watched him
closely, as have Guard S and H. We have seen no sign of
[malfeasance? ] on his part. lt is possible that he is not even
aware of his nature.

When | think of the things Rape did before he was
captured, l ask myself, what right do we humans have to
condemn an entire class of beings? No, 1 will judge
individuals by their choices and actions, not by their

"iccidents of birth or circumstance.

That, | believe, is the heart of our existence, or at least
mine. lt is all well to have methods and plans for how to deal
with the things out there. But if we do not know our reasons
for contending with them in advance, our efforts are futile
if not harmful. | must know the law as best l can before 1
enforce it, deciding who is an unrepentant criminal and who
is not. Lf l don't know my own place in the judicial system,
how can | be a contributor to a better society or world?

Metaphysical, perhaps, but our mission cannot be
performed without some forethought and self-understand-
ing, as with all things in life.

When we deal with other hurrans, we don't deal with the
unknown, I'm human, | Can understand the context that other people
live in. | can understand how their minds work. | share a common
culture with those around me. | share common traits with people
around the world. I've Felt love, anger, hate. I've had Friends die.
Ive fallen in love. ALL those things make uf human.

These monsters have Felt none of that. They are utterly alien.
Ive seen what happens when a human "becomes" a monster. They
may adopt a human seeming, but they are not human, We Cannot
even hope to ascribe human motivations to their actions. It is very
easy te try to wnderftand them on ovr Terms, but we Cannot. Would
you say that dogs could Feel Love or loyalty? OF course not. A dog's
"fondness" for its owner evaporates af Soon as the food stops coming.
We like to interpret its actions as if it was human, but its not. It's

cute to think of a doy af Faithful, to think of it af a human. It's
pathetic to actually treat it like one, Monsters are the same way.
We want to interpret their actions within the only context we
know, the human one. But we can't afford to live and die by that.

ALL| can work with are the events and actions | see. The thing
hiding among the homeless haf shown a lot of interest in the Ardus
plant. It's pumping uf for information. The plant is also experiencing
a lot of odd difficulties. ALL | can do if make a connection between
them, | can't even begin to Fathom why the monster if interested
im the plant. ALL know is that it is interested. I'm not trying to Figure
ovt what's going on in the thing's head. | can only trust what | see
and draw conclusions From that.

Too many of you are Far too eayer to make these monsters
into humans. | shudder to think that other hunters look to you for
advice or guidance in these desperate times. Cut the theoretical
bullshit and concentrate on what we know.

Jovrnal Entry 4

Why do these idiots insist on projecting their wishes and
desires on the monsters? | have my beliefs, but I'm not about to
push them on the List. Could | live with myself if | thought my
personal beliefs led someone to their death?

Many people see monsters af human, that there are those
among the things that choose evil and those that choose yood.
They want to turn what if an obvious black-and-white situation
into a vast array of confusing qrays. | Cannot accept this, My
brother came to me af 4 monster. | knéw him béfore hit change,
and | know that what appeared before me was not my brother.
It was an impostor. His Soul had already one to its just reward,

I know I'm right. If he had to die, then they all have to die,

Born in Fire

| didn't see any fire when | got "the call." The people
who say they were on fire or who saw other people
covered in fire, well, it doesn't sound anything like what
happened to me. | guess that's all | can say for sure.

What causes fire? It's like, friction and things changing
state, right? Some people here claim to have a lot more
trouble than others working their abilities, and it seemed like
Ned had more trouble with his ghost-talk thing during the
day. Maybe sometimes or in some places it's harder to do
weird stuff? Like, there's resistance? That could be what the
people's fire is here. It could be that in places with more
resistance, there's more friction that causes flames. Oritcould
be that the fire is like the energy from those "Messengers,"
and in some places it's easier for the fire to come through.

I've read on the main list that some people see light
or wind. Maybe it's all one thing? | mean, | remember
going to a bonfire at school. It was the middle of the day
and sunny, so you couldn't really see the fire, but you
could feel it sucking all the air toward it. Like all the leaves
and little pieces of paper? They were getting blown
around by the wind from the fire. Maybe the "wind" is just
fire seen in daylight, when you can't see the flames.

It could be the same thing with the light. If there is
some kind of barrier between us and the Messengers,
maybe when it's really thin the fire comes through so
strong that it doesn't waver and it's really bright. Then
you get the people with the light coming out of them.
Or maybe that's when the barrier is thick and it's the
increased friction that makes it steady?

Or maybe I'm full of crap. | really don't know.



CHAPTER 2: THE HUNT

But with righteousness shall he judge the poor, and reprove with equity
for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth: with the rod of his
mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked.

— Isaiah 11:4

GENERAL PRINCIPLES

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Heeding the Call

[Warden informs me that he has been trying to observe
the main English list and is distressed by its members'
apparent dissension. He has therefore asked me to deliver his
ideas here only, where discussion is more considered.]

Since my change, | have spent a great deal of time
considering what has become of me, or more importantly of
the world as a whole. l often ask what we are supposed to
do, how we are supposed to act, what our foremost concerns
should be, how we should carry out our purpose. | believe
that without answers to these questions, or at least theories
about them, we fail to accomplish any good at all. Even the
steps we take tomorrow are doomed to failure without a
concept of the problems they solve.

Yet, when | turn to others out there for insight and
information l fear that we are all doomed to failure. lt is
with great distress that 1 see us at each other's throats
rather than at the monsters'. How long have we been
awakened? The most experienced of us reports perhaps a
year, if that. | have known the change for only six months.
Yet already people refer to "newcomers" with scorn and
criticize their naiveté. Already the scoffing cry of "you
know nothing" rises from every quarter. Never mind that
these self-proclaimed experts were themselves wholly
ignorant of the unnatural only a few short months ago.

Lhad the pleasure of meeting "Professor Geo" face to
face. He had come to Europe looking for the truth behind
a seeming coincidence. His thoroughness is admirable.

The coincidence in question stemmed from two pieces
of art: A painting of a Napoleonic-era Russian officer
supposedly killed at the Battle of Leipzig, and a photo-
graph of a notorious criminal arrested in 1865 in the
United States. The Russian's name was Pyotr Rudinsky.
The U.S. criminal gave his name as Peter Roads. The latter
was supposedly arrested for [cannibalism? ], but died in his
cell before trial. A retrospective account of the case, which
was the source of the photograph, claimed that Roads was
captured at night and burst into flames at sunrise.

Comparing a reproduction of the painting and the
photo showed an alarming similarity between the soldier
and the criminal. lf Professor Geo's suspicions are correct
(and it is certainly a plausible explanation given what wé
now know of the world), this man spent at least fifty years
hunting humans with relative impunity. Had he survived to
the present, he would have had more experience with the
supernatural than all of you and me put together.

Lraise this point as an object lesson. Arrogance on the
hunt is suicidal. Contention among us is unconscionable.
While we squabble on the internet or in person, our
collective enemy continues to gather strength as it
perhaps has done for ages. lf we are to succeed against any
of Unese creatures or win even minor vicluries, we must
focus on the true problems at hand, not on our own egos
and differences of opinion.

Let that be the first lesson you learn about how we
carry out our mission. You will always be rewarded by it.

a ef


A Barrte of Wirs

As l have said, dealing with creatures, like any
reasoned activity, requires planning, thought and care.
One cannot simply grab a knife and decide to battle with
the unknown. As in a game of chess, one must study,
advance, retreat, entice, entrap and on occasion sacrifice

> a pawn to take out a knight.

Let us begin with the first stage, then: scrutiny. This
is vital. ln a chess game, one sizes up an opponent before the
game even begins, looking for signs of nervousness, uncer-
tainty. Once the opening gambit is made, one watches for the

» unconscious gestures that reveal happiness or dismay.

In war and in our hunt, this observation is even more
* important. Watch the prey and follow it (safely, of course).
| Learn its habits, its residence, its needs and its strengths.

This seems an appropriate time to point out a critical

weakness shared by all our so-called "prey": Their
need (or desire) for secrecy. Since many readers
appear to be American, | will give an example
from your own history: your FRV's COINTELPRO
of thirty years ago. ln operations against the Ku
Klux Klan, the most important part of their
= "hunt" was uncovering the KKK's secret member=
a) ship. Once that was done, it was not difficult to
frighten the Klansmen. A simple anonymous post-
card reading, "We know what you are and we know
what you are doing," was often sufficient to impel a
member to quit the society.
As an experiment, | tried the same tactic with a creature
that had recently arrived in [censored]. The very night
it received the message, it fled, concealed to the eyes of
all watchers. Except Guard S and H, who had the
capabilities needed to pursue it outside the city.
While their bestowed abilities were up to the
pursuit, their more mundane skills unfortunately
were not. They lost the creature, not due to
supernatural obscurity, but because he was a
better driver and got past the border guards very
quickly. Nonetheless, he has not returned to
[censored] to our knowledge. Whatever purpose
brought him there hopefully remains incomplete.
lt helps, 1 think, to regard these creatures as
if they were "secret agents." | do not belittle our
situation. Creatures' greatest fear seems to be that
their true face might be exposed and their true
nature revealed. Since we apparently share an
ability to see their true identities, their fear is a
potent weapon in our arsenal.
In the future, | hope to extend this tactic into
a three-stage stratagem. Lhe first stage will frighten
the creature away from its current locale
or lair. In the second stage, we will follow
it, perhaps rotating pursuit among myself
and the guards. When a subject arrives at
f=.) its destination (or if we determine that we
can interceptit),an ambush will be sprung.
While | would like to be able to accom
plish this all with my own resources, | do
not think itis feasible. lt is simply too risky


To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: shophet
Subject: Re: Conducting the Hunt

Nice advice, Warden or Tarjiman or whoever
the hell you are. Too bad it cost me two close friends.

We spotted a warlock or whatever you want to call
them. We'd figured out his address, and after a few days
we decided to try to spook him out of his routine — so
we sent him a postcard. As we were driving out to his
house to see ifhe might've taken off _we ran into him_.
Literally. He was coming the other way in a Range
Rover. He must have seen us, because he swerved into
our lane and drove us off the road. We rolled com-
pletely. The car came to a stop upside-down.

Crawling out, we saw him coming down the hill at

-us. We tried to get away, but one of my friends had a
broken leg. The two of us turned to carry him when the
ard yelled something. I couldn't hear what he said too
| well. I guess I was deafened by the crash. But my friend,
the injured one, drew his gun. With all his twisting, we
lost our grip on him. I yelledathim not to shoot, but I was
too late. I still don't know if it was the muzzle flash or the
round itself, but either way our car exploded.

Iwas thrown clear, but both my friends died! I could
see the warlock through the haze of the fire, shaking his
head. I crawled out of there and made it back to town on
foot. But I've been looking over my shoulder ever since.
Here's why: I abandoned all my gear at the hotel but felt
safe getting my backup bag from the bus station locker
where I'd left it in on my way into town. We never even
saw thiswarlock till we'd been herea week, sohecouldn't

But when I p out my bag, underneath was
the postcard we'd sent him in the first place. Written
over our message, it said, "I know where you are and
I'm going to find out what you're doing."

to let my three convicts leave the prison, and extensive travel
provides them greater opportunities for escape.

\facivil [quorum? ] can be reached among awakened, if our
lines of communication can be strengthened and, above all, if
communication can be kept secure, this stratagem could be
made far more efficient. For example, a hunter in Paris might
discover a powerful being hides near Notre Dame. He anony-
mously frightens the thing away, following in secret to see where
it flees. If he sees it purchase a ticket to Hamburg, he contacts
a German hunter and arranges for a reception at the train
station. Thus, the creature is taken unawares, away from the
comfort of familiar environs and ill prepared to defend itself.

TARGETING

There are many of "them," undoubtedly more than
there are of us. Simply walk out into the street at night and
see which you encounter more, us or them. Any one of them
is a threat to any one of us. Mark that well. Despite our
capabilities, despite any possible "protection" offered by

CHAPTER 2: THE HUNT

the Messengers, every one of us is human, mortal. Can you
survive a bullet to the back of your head? 1 cannot. If a
human being with nothing other than a handgun can kill you,
how much more dangerous is a hundred-year-old being with
the powers of darkness at its command? How much more
frightening is a creature that can survive a bullet to the
skull, then turn around and crush your pistol with one hand?

Every creature is dangerous. The "weak" ones are
weak only in comparison to the true nightmares such as an
enraged skin changer. They are all still immensely strong
compared to you and me.

Thus, we fight a guerrilla war against an entrenched
enemy that is superior, both in individual strength and in
numbers. There is only one way to win battles in sucha war.
We must concentrate in numbers and strike where the
enemy is spread thin.

lr therefore follows, as night follows day, that we
cannot strike at every creature.

know this upsets many of you. lt upsets me to see agrim
specter haunting a family's home and know that | cannot run
the risk of removing it, to know that the threat it poses to
me and my guards outweighs the gains made from banishing
it. But the logic cannot be refuted. lf a patient is in critical
condition, losing blood from a wound to the chest, no doctor
is going to take the time to bandage a paper cut.

Therefore, when you watch a creature, you must
evaluate the threat that it poses. ls it so dangerous that
killing it is worth risking your life or the chance to
extinguish other, more dangerous creatures?

This is not an easy decision. Many on the lists seem
unable to take this long view. They live with their heads
pressed to the ground, counting blades of grass when they
are unable to or lack the will to see the field. Still others
would demand that you follow a canonical set of guidelines,
that "dead things must die first, because the living ones
like warlocks are less threatening."

cannot subscribe to such broad generalizations. | have
concepts of what is right and wrong, but 1 judge each
creature by its actions, not by its powers or its alleged
nature. | believe | can respect those of you on this list enough
to trust your judgment as well. (Although, in truth, | have
no option. You are going to do what you wish regardless of
my entreaties.) For myself, | abide by the following guide-
lines. The more questions to which | must answer "yes," the
more compelling it is to remove the creature in question.

ls the creature frequently dangerous to the lives of
people around it?

Is the creature intelligent?

1s it comparatively weak? That is, easy to kill without
undue risk?

ls the creature pursuing a larger agenda? This last
point is the most important to me. Even a well-protected
creature that poses no immediate risk to humans is
extremely dangerous if it interferes with politics, the
military or other important human structures.

EXECUTION

The kill is the most important aspect of our task, the
single most dangerous element (although a poor cleanup
can provide almost as much risk after the fact). Once you


have identified a creature, followed it, familiarized your-
self with it and determined it to be dangerous enough to
deserve destruction, then comes the act itself.

What can | say here that has not been said before, by those
whose rosters of the dead are far longer than my own? At best,
l can discuss those tactics that 1 know are most effective.

1) Do not work alone. The support of another person's
insights and capabilities, or simply the presence of another
pair of arms to strike or legs to run, is often the difference
between success or failure. Get as much help as you can. Even
those who have little apparent use are far from useless. They
can perform minor surveillance, provide hiding places, drive
you away from the scene and provide alibis if things go wrong.

2) Prepare. Like the British Boy Scouts, you must be
prepared for everything. lf you suspect that you are absurdly
over-armed for the single creature you face, you have made a
good start. | have seen a surprising number of stories online
about prey who turned out to be more dangerous or more
numerous than expected. | am surprised such posters have
survived these missions. Why does no one ever write, "l tried
to kill a creature and it was much easier than | anticipated"?
Usimply do not think that such [fortunate? ] discoveries occur.

3) Commit. How many elaborately planned crimes have
gone wrong once they are underway? The inmates of my prison
are typically criminals who were indecisive. In a dangerous
situation, acting on a foolish order right away is often
preferable to doing nothing at all. At the very least, it gives the
enemy a moving target instead of a baffled one. Hesitation is
fatal. When a plan falls apart, try an auxiliary one. When that
fails (which it will at some point), improvise and innovate.
Perhaps you are not an expert at crisis situations? How many
people truly are? A master criminal is the one who keeps his
head, stays alert and behaves sensibly. The most successful
soldier aims while the enemy fires nervously.

4) Know when you are beaten. This may seem ironic,
after my previous advice, but a well-timed surrender can
be the key to eventual triumph. | once knew of two guards
who were taken hostage during a jailbreak. One fought to
the end, even though outnumbered by prisoners who had
guns. The other surrendered immediately, was handcuffed
and used as a human shield until his captors reached a boat.
They threw him into the hold and forgot about him, never
remembering that he had a handcuff key of his own. He
released himself, got into the engine room, overpowered
the single convict there (who was not expecting trouble
from their "prisoner") and sabotaged the engine.

To apply this story to our own situation: The creatures
we fight appear to underestimate us. They think we are as
blind as ever. They may not bother to kill us because we
pose no unusual threat — at least until we play our hand.
Also, many of them are said to possess mind-controlling
powers that we can resist. lf this is true, they might not
know their mesmerism fails to affect us. They would be far
more likely to drop their guard or neglect to watch us
thereafter. That is your chance to escape, hopefully with
some valuable information about the enemy.

EVIDENCE

Here is the most difficult, detailed and important part
of our ongoing mission: concealing our presence.

1 was recently angered to read, albeit loosely, a lengthy
writing on the "weakness" of careful planners. A self-
proclaimed "martyr to the cause" claimed that anyone who
concentrated on mundane "cleanup" was a coward too
concerned with his own freedom and well-being to be worthy
of his role. Interestingly, this poster has not commented
again in the past several weeks. 1 strongly suspect his
cavalier attitude has landed him in prison, if not the grave.
For his own sake, l hope his skills are potent protective ones.

The fact is, if you are careless, you will get caught sooner
or later. Let me assure you that prison is no place for a person
of intelligence and decency. Confinement with humanity's
worst can make a beast of even a harmless man. Survival in jail
is predicated on brutality and utter submission.

To avoid this fate, one must clean up after oneself. In
less developed nations, | imagine this is less of a challenge.
The police tend to lack the sophisticated databases and
DNA tests of the "First World." However, since | am
writing this on a computer for others with computers, |
assume my audience is also at peril from technology.

Let us start with guns. American posters seem to
regard these as a cure-all for any [supernatural?] prob-
lem. 1f one is fond of hammers, every problem begins to look
like a nail. For my part, l regard every tool as a potential
trap. The hand that holds the hammer cannot hold a saw,
which may be more appropriate for the task presented.

Guns do damage primarily through force of impact,
which sends a shock through the body. An exit wound can be
large and dangerous, but many bullets pass through cleanly,
leaving only small entry and exit holes. For a living man, who
is an integrated system, either is enough to be fatal. But who
can say with certainty if this is the case for one of the walking
dead? Many report that zombies are hardly affected by
bullets. A decisive blow might be best delivered with a heavy
blunt or edged weapon such as an axe. Or with fire.

The primary appeal of guns is that they do their work at
adistance. This is a great benefit, allowing one to harman enemy
without coming within reach of its claws or teeth. An added
benefit of range, | am tempted to say the best benefit, is that it
puts a psychological distance between shooter and target.
Certainly standing back, aiming and pulling a trigger is less
terrifying than trying to kill a creature when you are close
enough to feel its breath. Close-fought battles speak to our
innermost instincts. Pulling a trigger is nothing in comparison.

But the [detriment?] of reliance on guns is considerable.
There is the noise, which attracts attention. There is the flash,
which can pinpoint your location. A gun leaves powder burns
on your hands, which can be detected by forensic science.
Bullets are distinctive and can be traced. In many civilized
countries, acquisition is dangerous and puts one in the debt of
criminals. Furthermore, guns are not always reliable.

There are ways around these problems, to be certain.
Asilencer can reduce the sound (though not to the hiss you
hear in films). A suppressor can reduce muzzle flash. Use
of a shotgun precludes the identification of bullets. But
each of these "technical fixes" introduces another layer of
complexity, something else that can go wrong. Even a
shotgun can be traced through the distinctive mark the
hammer makes on the shell. So never eject a shotgun shell
at the scene, unless you also plan to leave the weapon.


Indeed, leaving the weapon at the scene is generally a
very good idea, regardless of its nature. lf you have taken
care to ensure that no connection exists between you and
it (if you wore gloves every time you handled it, if it is not
distinctive enough to be memorable, if it is not registered
to you in some fashion), then leaving it behind eliminates
one evidence trail cleanly at the source.

One final word on firearms: Do not believe that filing
off the serial number will protect you. You will never
remove it completely. My prison is full of people who
thought they had completely erased such evidence.

If you are satisfied that you can safely leave a weapon at
the scene, or take it away with you (with greater risk), itis time
to worry about the microscopic evidence that you leave. This
form of evidence is becoming increasingly important. A tiny
thread or flake of dandruff can convict you.

Clothing fiber is fairly easy to account for. Wear
cotton. All cotton. Any artificial fiber such as nylon or
polyester can be traced to a manufacturer and sometimes
to a particular clothing lot. Leave behind one thread and
the police may know what color pantyhose you wore, where
you bought them, when you did and possibly your size.

Your shoe print is another problem. Try to stay on
stone, carpet or rocky soil. lf it is going to be muddy, wear
galoshes and get rid of them immediately afterward,
preferably by burning them. Keep your hair and finger-
nails short. Wear long sleeves to avoid leaving body hair at
the scene. Wear a hat.

All this assumes, of course, that you do not wish to be

placed at the scene of the crime. lf you plan your attack in
a familiar area such as your neighborhood or workplace, you
have advantage of explaining why your skin flakes and hair
samples are present. However, there is a reason why convicts

all over the world say, "Do not shit where you eat." Your
presence makes you a suspect, and if the police can find a
motive and no alibi, you may become their prime suspect.

The solution to this danger is to attack those with no
connection to you. One reason "serial killers" can be so
difficult to catch is that there is a vast pool of potential
victims for them to choose from. One blonde prostitute, for
example, is not so very different from another for their
needs. There is no particular motive or connection to come
to light, unlike a woman who murders her husband for
insurance money or a gangster who [kills? l believe he uses
a slang word here that is not in the dictionary. ] a rival over
a business dispute.

Uf you discover that your employer is a beast, con
fronting him yourself is doubly foolish. Reveal him to
someone on the outside, someone who does not know him
personally, and make sure you have a good alibi at the time
of the crime. Know as little about the crime as possible,
because of possible police interrogation.

One of our few advantages is that many of our targets,
especially the dead ones, have no legal existence. lf a person
is not important, his murder will receive a cursory
investigation. This is doubly true if a means of death cannot
be determined, which is the case for many of our targets.

Disposing of corpses is best left to professionals. lf you
have killed something with a physical body, and which does
not do you the courtesy of self-destructing, it is almost

CHAPTER 2: THE HUNT

always better to leave it where it lies. Otherwise, you
pollute your vehicle with all manner of physical evidence.

Commirmenr

Anyone who thinks we're not in a war here needs to pull
their head out of their ass.

The skin changers are animals in difqvise, The demons Look like
walking sharks. These are signs of predators. They've not here to
peacefully coexist. They're here to feed on us. They don't kill
and eat uf because they' re afraid or because of some big
misunderstanding. They're the foxes, people are the chickens and
we've Suddenly discovered that were the farmer with the
shotgun, only the foxes are just af quick to kill uf af the chickens.

Trying to come to terms with these things is like making a
deal with the devil. We have no pull here, people.

As | said earlier, unlike many of you, I've been able to give
up my old Life. Once | saw how the world really worked, | didn't
want it anymore. | spend a lot of time on the streets now, day
and night. The monsters pay Little enough attention to individuals
among vf, 0 a homeless man doesn't even register with them,

Unless it's Feeding time.

One of them came to the alley where | slept with a few others.
Id try to stay vp all night, nursing water From a Liquor bottle. I'd
lay low and Let the night slide by, keeping my eyes and ears open.
The first night the monster came, | didn't see the bastard until it

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: listserver
Subject: Evidence
Attention, all hunters in the Alsace-Lorraine
region. I have been in contact with several hunters
in Strasbourg, Esch-sur-Alzette and Heidelberg,
and they have begun a project that may help all of
us avoid police attention.
___ Itstartedsimply enough. One of them hada gun and
mother needed it. After using it, the French shooter was
issed as a suspect because he had not traveled to
any, where the gun had been reported stolen. The
2 2 the gun on to a hunter in Luxem-
core, whoused it ata time that the previous shooter had
an alibi elsewhere. Now the police are looking for
- someone who has traveled from Germany to France to
- Luxembourg. None of the people involved have been to
all three countries, but their actions fool police into
developing a false modus operandi for the suspect.
Reading Warden's posts, I wonder if it would be
possible to create a continent-wide network of
"evidence traders"? If clothes are as distinctive as he
suggests, why not buy one shirt, leave a thread from
it atone crime scene, then mail it to another hunter
to leave as a ruse at another scene?
The downside to this prospect, of course, is that
if one person is caught, the whole structure comes
crashing down. That, or one captive pays the price ]
for the crimes of the collective.


HUNTER BOOK: JUDGE

had already started to Feed. Most of you report that rots look
pretty normal, fo maybe this one was just butt ugly. It had a big
bald head and its ears were long and pointy. I'm willing to bet that's
what all vampires look like, only that most of uf don't have the
fortitude to really see ther. Not that I'm bragging, Most of the
things look normal to me, too. But this one sure af hell didn't.

ILet it Finish, It wasn't easy, sitting there watching, bt | wanted
to learn more about it. Everything | had heard about bloodsuckers told
me that maybe this thing wasn't one of them, or that if it was it might
have different abilities. I'm all for going in with quns blazing, but
ignorance will kill you Faster than a dozen monsters. | might have saved
that one man, but | never would have gained any information. | don't
like taking people's lives into my own hands, but that's part of the
Job. IF | couldn't deal with it, | don't think I'd be here,

When it stepped away | noticed that it war hard to fee, af if
the shadows were clinging to it to hide it. It didn't work. | trailed it
for a while, but | had to break off when it yot to a manhole cover. The
thing just reached down, lifted the lid and hopped into the sewer.
lalmost wrecked my back when | tried to pull the cover up, There's
another Lesson to be Learned: since these things aren't human, don't
ever draw conclusions From their looks. That thing looked scrawny, but
it was packing alot more strength than my Flabby ass. ALL that only
reinforces my belief that these things aren't human in any way.
Maybe they just adapt themselves to look like vs.

I went to one my hiding places, stocked up on shells and
waited in the alley again. It had fed well and unmolested, If would
be back. | had to take it down. In retrospect, it was stupid to take
the thing on alone. Remember, | was ignorant. | assumed that | knew
more than | did. I'm lucky | got away with it.

| was more alert when it came back the next night, fo | fav it
Coming, It wag all nky and shadowy again, but | could see its true Face,

It picked ovt one of the bums and started Feeding, | Stood up, did my
best drunken stumble, and headed toward it, Now, | know these things
can be distracted when Feeding, but this one was absolutely surprised
when | stumbled inte it, jammed my shotyyn into its qut and fired,

The blast knocked me on my ass. It put a big hole in the
monster and a stunned look on its Face, but that was about it. |
Panicked and started Firing as Fast af | could. | sprayed shot all
over the alley. If was blind luck that | managed to blast enough
of the thing away that it was in no shape to yet me. | torched
its body and got the hell out of there.

You have to get the drop on these things and you have to hit
them when they're alone. We can never let the things catch uf in
a pattern. | know that there's a lot of advice out there, but the best
| ever got was to break the rules whenever you can get away with
it. That wat im business, but what we de if a kine of business, tes.

Before you pat me on the back, look at what | screwed vp. | didn't
leave any information behind for anyone elfe. In cafe you don't make
it, you have to make sure Someone Learns what you know. Keep ajovrnal
Uke Doct17's and Leave it where one of uf will find it. We need every
bit of intelligence we can gather if we want to win this war. | got
lucky. The thing was obviously stupid. It was Feeding alone and it was
exposed. Maybe it just didn't know about people Like vs. We can't count
on other monsters being So ignorant, especially af we step up this war.
We need to strike decisively, before they identify us as a threat.
I'm pretty Sure there are Smart monsters out there. What | saw in
the business world tells me that much,

INDIVIDUAL ASSESSMENT

People onthe other listand alittle bit here seem to want
to lump all the things we see together, because they‘re not


us, or they're wrong or something. | can't blame my friend
for the things her sister does, so | don't know how you can
blame all the "monsters" we meet for the things that some
of them do. That just isn't fair. | think we havetolookateach
of them differently. They each deserveachance. And maybe
even if all zombies or whatever are bad, maybe ghosts like
Ned are okay. Who are we to judge?

Vampires

I've seen five people who drink blood in my city.
That's not counting the first two, the old one and the
kid, which I'm guessing were also these things.

| don't have whatit takes to go after one of these guys,
even if | wanted to. My mom's got the trick that lets her
push things back, and even she isn't willing to get close.
There are too many of them and there's just the two of us.
It's too dangerous, especially when we don't know enough.

Sworn Dury

>Solomon, maybe you'd care to explain this.
I've edited it for your protection, but if

>you're linked to this, I'm first in line fora piece
of your ass.

>>Early Morning Gun Battle Leaves One Dead,
Four Wounded

>>Police blame a gun rampage on a grudge that
took a murderous turn when one homeless man

>>was killed and four others were wounded in
EDITEDat approximately 3 am Thursday morning, in

>>an alley near EDITED. Police spokesman
EDITED told reporters, "Evidence on the scene
indicates that someone

>>went into the alley and fired a shotgun
repeatedly. We're combing the area

>> for evidence and are confident that the

"attacker knew one of the victims."
>It goes on fora bit more, but that's all we really

>Didn't anyone learn that Hannibal guy's les-
son? We're here to protect people, not mow them
down when they get in our way.
>Who made you judge, jury and executioner?
I did.
Do you think I like the fact that I wounded
those people? Do you think I wanted to do that?
When I shot that monster, I had two options. I
couldstand and fight it and maybe shoot my way out
of there, or I could try to run. Given that I saw that
thing casually lift a manhole cover, my chances of
getting away from it were pretty slim.
I could turn myself in to the police, but that would
are few enough of us as it is. I
ke that night, but the only thing I
ee re rien,

CHAPTER 2: THE HUNT

But we watch and there are some things we've found out.

They need blood to survive, duh, but they don't
always kill the people they feed off. We've watched them
feed three times, and only once did the person die. The
other two times we were able to make some noise or
something and scare the Dracula guy away, so maybe we
just interrupted them before they got done. The last one
didn't seem to care that we were close. | wanted to run up
and stop it, but mom wouldn't let me. | still remember the
look on that poor man's face after the blood guy left.

We're watching the two living people to see if they
turn into vampires, too, but so far no sign of that. We've
watched one of them for three weeks now.

We think that some of these things can blank out
people's minds. Now that mom knows what to look for
she thinks some of her clients have been fed on before.
One might get drank from regularly. Mom had him
hypnotized and found out that every couple of months
he drives to this house, meets someone, drives home
again to sleep and forgets all about it. Whoever's brain-
washing him does a good job. Mom says he's even told to
eatalot of red meat and drink plenty of liquids before and
after. She can't get him to describe whoever's doing it.

At least one of these people in town also used to be
human. We've seen pictures of him in the sunlight, though
he never goes out in the day anymore. | don't see why
turning into a vampire automatically makes you evil. It
could be that it just makes you need blood to live. | mean,
I guess you'dhavetotry really hard to not get kind of stuck-
up about regular folks. Like, if you needed people, but you
knew you were stronger and could hypnotize them and
that you were going to live forever, | guess it would be hard
to stay a good person.

Butifthere'sanything rightin movies, peopledon'‘twantto
become vampires. They just kind of get stuck. Some powerful
thing jumps them, and suddenly they have these new powers.

Actually, that sounds kind of like us.

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Breeds

[I have told Warden that there is discussion here of how
tocontend with specific kinds of creatures and he has quickly
responded with this message that has several chapters.]

L have seen discussion about the best way to harm a
vampire, about whether certain plants are poisonous to
skin changers, and about the usefulness of Catholic exor-
cism on possession victims.

1am not a soldier, doctor or priest. | am an adminis-
trator, so | have observed creatures with an eye to their
organization, agendas and the possibilities of communicat-
ing with them, even if to force confessions from them.

CommUNICATION

On one level, communication with what we call vam-
pires is simple. One merely walks up and begins a
conversation. But this simplicity is a lie. Just because
speaking with a vampire is physically simple does not mean
it is a desirable thing to do.

Of all the things we face, vampires seem to be the most
crafty and the most familiar with the ways of men. lf the
legends (not to mention Professor Geo's evidence) are correct,


HUNT ERBOOK: JUDGE

this should come as no surprise. They have had decades or
centuries to observe, affect and infiltrate the governments and
organizations of human kind. Given their observed powers of
mind control, exerting 4 power ful influence on human affairs
may not be a great challenge for them.

While | urge the utmost caution in communicating
with these beings, | hesitate to bar such exchanges alto-
gether. After all, while there cannot be many secrets that
humanity hides from them, we are perhaps one of them.

>To: hunter. list@hunter-net.org
>From: lotus19
>Subject: Brussels

>lam spending more and more time in Brussels these
days. I have made contact with a group of hunters who call

>themselves La Communauté Bruxe, who have
made the city their personal project. Their members
have decided to stay off

>the internet. If you want to contact them, reach
me privately and I can try to arrange something.

>Brussels is positively thick with bloodsuckers.
La Communauté is

>doing what it can, but since they're outgunned
and outnumbered, they have to tread very cau-
tiously. They're very,

>very good at observing, and they're very, very
patient. If you

>want to do something about digging the rots
out of the halls of power, I strongly recommend you
contact them. They're

>unwilling to act decisively right now, but they'll
gladly help you

>plan and execute actions against the monsters

: "Semele always happy to see someone who can
act without being easily tied to the group.

>My last trip through, they got me weapons and
got me out of

>town. In return, I gathered a group of European
travelers (including the now-late Gerard Rosewater)
and we

>bushwhacked a rot. Once we had it down, we
read it the

>Communauté's list of questions before per-
forming what Ripsaw so eloquently described as a
"stake and bake."

>If it was telling the truth, NATO and the EC
are both strongly influenced by vampires. He said
something about a group of warlocks as well.

>He was carryinganumberofdocuments. While
the others have

>been given to the Communauté, there was one
that none of us could read. Peearrachedetean of it:
If anyone out there can

>read it, please let me know what it says!

Accepting that we know so little about ourselves, we can
reasonably hope that vampires are ignorant of our nature
and purpose as well. That advantage might allow us to learn
more from them than they learn from us. But before you
make contact with a vampire, ask yourself if you are
prepared for a battle of wits with a creature that was
ancient before you were born. lf you feel you are, remem-
ber that many of them can dispose of a strong man, even a
hunter, as easily as you or 1 could break a kitten's back.

Acznpa

Piqued by accounts of Brussels that | have received
from a hunter called Lotus, | visited to observe. | suspect
the situation is far more menacing than she believes. ln a
weekend, l saw no fewer than a dozen of what | believe were
vampires or their blood-tainted agents. Finding them was
not difficult. As Lotus indicated, many could be found near
the European Community headquarters. My cursory ex-
amination revealed a slightly higher number around the
headquarters of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.

Clearly, this bears watching.

Traveler and Just Me in the U.S. both report intra-
vampire conflict. Pariah Dog in the Bast describes something
similar. lt would certainly be a fine trick if we could
increase this antagonism and play them one against an-
other. However, the [detriment?] to using our enemies to
do our dirty work is that they tend to work dirtier than we
do. A vampire gang war is likely to leave as many humans
dead as it would blood creatures, whether people are
drained for "fuel" or simply caught in the crossfire. lt must
also be stressed that if we try to trick these beings into
fighting our war for us, it is quite possible that they could
trick us as well. (Perhaps that is cause for our own
dissension that | addressed earlier.)

Incusi

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: justme
Subject: Dream ghosts?

Momasked meto"consult"on one of her patients, which
is just plain weird. She says she's gathering evidence that all
kinds of creatures can mess with your brain. She thinks
hypnosis is the key to fixing the things they do to people.

Anyhow, | promised not to tell too much about this
patient, because of confidentiality and all. | suppose it
keeps me safe too. But | have to tell you some stuff.

It was creepy because this girl was about my age. Her
parents brought her in because her grades were slipping and
she'd become really tired and stuff. At first they thought
drugs, because, you know, they're parents and they always
think it's drugs. They even got her tested, but she came up
clean. She said she just wanted to sleep a lot, but it was more
than that. Shedropped out of bandand stopped hanging out
with her friends. I'll just call her Sleeper.

So mom saw Sleeper for three or four sessions,
making sure she knew mom was on her side. Sleeper
didn't seem like an ordinary disturbed youth or whatever.
No abuse or neglect or molesting. She'd broken up with
her boyfriend not long before all this happened, but she
didn't seem too upset about it. "Not upset enough," was
how mom said it. But still, mom didn't think there was
anything strange going on until she hypnotized Sleeper.


She found out why Sleeper was so quick to, well,
sleep. Almost every night, she‘d dream that this gor-
geous guy named Storm would come and, like, have sex
with her. (This is so weird. It's weird even writing it. And
| didn't make up the name Storm either.)

Mom kept asking questions and found out that these
aren't like normal dreams. Storm can, you know, learn
what she likes and what she doesn't and stuff. Mom even
made her remember some dreams. (I'm completely glad
that | didn't have to hear that part.) Mom says there's a lot
of connection from one dream to the next. You know how
you'll be in a play one moment, and the next you're on a
bus, and then you're a baby in a stroller and it all seems
normal? That kind of jumping around? Well, Sleeper's
dreams don't jump around like that when she's with
Storm. Other times, yeah, they're all disjointed like usual.

Here's the best part: Mom got this gadget to monitor
Sleeper's heart rate. She had her wear it every night. The
dreams about Storm all started about 1:30 in the morn-
ing. Itdidn't matter if Sleeper fell asleep early or stayed up
late, the dreams were always after midnight. | don't
know about you, but | used to dream even back when |
could take naps during the day. (I can't do that anymore,
knowing what's around out there.)

The next step was to watch her sleeping. At first mom
did itat the clinic, but nothing happened. So then they went
to Sleeper's house and that's when mom saw the thing.

She said it kind of "faded" into the room around one in
the morning, kind of like an outline of a guy. This spirit or
whatever started feeling up the girl and whispering in her
ear.Somom stood upand yelled at it, which probably wasn't
the smoothest move because she woke up Sleeper and her
parents and got everyone kind of pissed. She gave them
some line to calm them down, but the thing didn't come

back. So she wants to figure out a way to get me involved
since | seem to see the weird things better than she does.
To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: justme
Subject: More news

Well, we don't need to sneak me into mom's ses-
sions with Sleeper. Storm has come to our house! Mom's
scared. She has no idea how it followed her home. It
came into her dream last night. Does anyone have any
idea how to protect yourself from being followed home,
or to keep yourself safe while you sleep? | mean, when
we're trailing things we're really careful and all, but how
do you get away from something that's not even there?

It was like, 2:00 when Mom woke me up, out of
breath. She said Storm had been there and that we'd have
to sleep in shifts to protect each other. It was all right out
of "Nightmare on Elm Street." | asked her what happened.

At first she didn't want to talk about it much, but
eventually she told me. It was really weird. She said one
minute she was dreaming that she was walking through
ajungle, only instead of leaves and vines, it was all chains
and bottle caps. Then she came to a clearing with some
kind of machine init, like a carnival ride, and there was this
guy running it. She paid him to get on and he got into the
little carriage with her. She didn't say much about the ride,
just that it was really slow, so they could talk. She said he
was really good looking, and pretty soon she was talking
to him about being divorced. She said he was laying on this
line about "How lonely you must be, a single mother. You
probably never have any time for your needs." Some kind
of thing like that. Mom didn't go into details, but she was
kind of blushing. Not like embarrassed, but like she'd just
run a long way and was out of breath. Anyhow, she was


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

on this weird ride with this guy, and she asked him his
name, and he said "Storm." That's when she jerked awake.

Getting woken up in the middle of the night by my
mom because some kind of demon is trying to get with her
was weird enough, right? Then | got, like, this weird flash
of the same symbol from this list's site. It kind of burned in
my eyes the way a bulb does after you stare at it and look
away. | think mom felt something too, because she said
"something's here, isn't it?" | nodded and she said "It's not
Storm?" and | shook my head. Then | kind of drew the
symbol on her and | drew one on myself. For some reason
that helped me feel better. | fell back asleep. When | woke
up in the morning, she was asleep in the chair by my bed.

I'm not sure what it all meant, but in a weird way |
felt like | could finally make mom and my house safe.
Maybe we all need to be able to do that.
To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: justme
Subject: | met him

Mom asked me to take the first watch while she slept
last night. She was pretty wiped from the night before,
when the thing came to her. So | stayed up late watching
"Rear Window" on tape. (I wanted to watch "Titanic,"since
it's longer and | like it better, but Mom said | probably
shouldn't watch that movie when there's some kind of
seducer thing around.) After the movie, | started my trig
homework, which probably wasn't the smartest thing to
do. One moment | was doing my math in my mom's room,
the next | see this guy standing in the doorway.

Looking at him was weird. One of the guys on the big
list said that when he first saw some creature it was like

an optical illusion. Like one of those things where you
look at it one way and it's a pretty girl, and another way
it's an old woman? This was kind of like that. Part of the
time he was this guy, really handsome in a cheesy sort of
Hollywood way. Too perfect, with the blonde hair and
this silk shirt that was open down low. But | could also see
him as an ordinary guy, not so handsome, dirty-blond
colored hair and this giant gash right across his throat.

| asked who he was, and he said his name was Storm.
Then | asked what happened to his neck and he seemed
surprised. He wanted to know how | could see that, and | said
| just could. Then | asked him what he was doing in Sleeper's
dream and in my mom's. That really freaked him out.

| don't know. On one hand, | thought he was some
kind of evil spirit, but he really reminded more of this
guy in my social studies class who | saw aska girl out. He
was kind of stupid about it, but she just shot him down
and was rude and everything, and he looked like he
wanted to die. Storm reminded me of that guy some-
how. Like it was all an act or like | wasn't ignoring the
man behind the curtain like | was supposed to.

What he wound up saying was that he gave them love,
what was so wrong with that? | told him that Sleeper was
getting all messed up, bad grades, dropped out of band, blah
blah blah. | asked him what if some living awake-time guy
asks her out and she says no because she's got Mr. Perfect in
her dreams? He was getting more and more upset, said he'd
leave her alone, leave us all alone, and then he got up and
was heading out of the room. | got up to follow him, but |
guess | was still dreaming, because when | went into the
hallway, he made a gesture and the floorboards all popped
up and there were these rotted hands reaching out.


| got real scared. It was like a nightmare where you really
want to wake up, but you can't? | even slapped myself and
nothing happened. Then all ofa sudden he was next to me, the
hands were gone, and he was saying it was all okay. He tried to
put his arms around me, but he stopped when he saw that
scared me too, and he started begging me not to be scared. It
was the weirdest thing. Most of the time, when someone tries
to calm you down, it's because they'‘re worried about you,
right? Storm looked really scared. Like my fear frightened him.
And guess | asked him what was going to happen, because he
kept looking around like he was in trouble.

He started saying that we should both calm down,
and the hallway changed. The roof sort of peeled away
to this bright sunny sky. The floor turned into grass, and
when | looked up the walls were gone. We were in the
middle of a pasture. There was a breeze and this baby
lamb was wandering around me. Only it looked kind of
cartoony, more like the idea of a lamb? When | looked
at Storm, he didn't have the Hollywood look. It was the
other one, only he'd somehow changed clothes into
turtleneck that covered up the big gash on his neck.

It sounds kind of hokey, | guess, but it was a dream. |
asked him why he wasso bothered that I'd get scared. He said
it was complicated. Then | said "You're dead, aren't you?
You'reaghost."|don‘tknowwhy | hadn‘tthoughtofit before,
except that | wasasleep. | mean, he was just like Ned ina way,
with the thing that killed him visible and everything. | guess
| never thought of ghosts having sex or, like, being sexual.

Anyway, when | asked him he looked startled, but also
kind of relieved. Mom told me about a couple of her
patients - kids who did bad things but who were secretly
relieved when they were caught. Like getting away with it
scared them. | could see that kind of reliefon his face. Relief
that someone understood, even though it scared him.

Itwas weird how even though he was dead anda spirit
and everything, he still really seemed to want things and
act the way normal people do. | mean, | suppose | could
have just freaked and gotten mom to exercize him, but he
could have just come back later. This way, at least | knew
what he was trying to do. Maybe some of you are going to
be mad that | tried to help him, but if that helps him leave
people alone, isn't it better than killing him?

He asked me how | knew about him and I told hima
little bit. | didn't tell him about this list or the other one
or anything. | told him about that night at the mall, that
| suddenly could see things | couldn't before. Then | asked
him about being a ghost. He said it sucked. Not any kind
of heaven that anyone knew of, but something real close
to hell. He said there were evil ghosts all around, ready to
kill him. He said it's gotten a lot worse lately, too. He
made it sound like ghosts think it's the end of the world.

Zomeirs

CommUNIcATION

Judging by reports from ltaly, communication with
the dregs of the undead seems to be impossible. lt is not a
matter of language or perception. These "maldestri" (as
our colleague U_Martello terms them) simply seem to lack
the capacity for rational conversation. His attempts to
engage one in discourse have been met with one of two
reactions. Often the zombi ignores the speaker entirely,
focussing its attention elsewhere. And if greater effort is
put forth by the would-be interviewer, the zombi may
perceive him as a threat or impediment and attack.

CHAPTER 2: THE HUNT

Those, then, might be your conversational options
with these creatures. Be ignored or (if you manage to get
their attention at all) be attacked. Clearly there is little to
be learned on these levels.

Acenpa

Perhaps zombis' inability to communicate is limited
only to us. They have been witnessed in packs, like wild
dogs, so it would seem that they can recognize one of their
number as a leader. Much as a charismatic politician can
direct the desires of his followers, this "alpha" creature
could dictate the goals of the others. Or perhaps they
simply remain together out of some crude instinct or
recognition and there is no leader. No "agenda" has been
found for maldestri as a whole. ll_Martello believes
individual packs fixate on particular people or places.

1 may live to regret this statement, but there might be
a straightforward means of dealing with these creatures.
Unlike the "courteous wizard" described in Denmark or the
skin-changing police officer | observed myself, these zombis
seem to adhere to a single, mindless stereotype. There may
be no ethical conflict here. They appear to be insensate
beings, incapable of communication, concentration or re-
flection. They are focussed and dangerous. The answer, then,
could be to meet them with ambush, not negotiation.
Rors
CommUNICATION

Unlike their inarticulate cousins, a swift and intel-
ligent rot can be spoken to, if you can catch it and
survive. These creatures seem to be [individuals?]. lf
reports out of Belize can be believed, one is more likely
to see them associating with blood drinkers than with
others of their own kind, though | speculate that all
might be the same creature.

Whereas blood drinkers are dangerous to approach
because they seem to have a natural capacity to deceive and
manipulate, and zombis are dangerous because they attack
if they notice you, rots neither attack nor entice. lf anything,
it seems that they have little interest in the living, and little
to say to anyone. The exception to this might arise if you can
help them accomplish a goal. lf you have that to offer, they
are said to become more "friendly," at least if one believes
reports from someone called "Freezer."

Acenpa

Rots could be extremely purposeful, but specific pur-
pose seems to vary with the individual. The new "Dusseldorf
Ripper" was reported to attack those who planned to
demolish an abandoned factory. Other examples seem to
indicate individual, personal vengeance. But then, who is to
say what pattern might emerge from these "individual" acts
if one had the perspective to recognize it?

lt is interesting. There is one goal we assume every
being to have: reproduction. Legends say lycanthropy and
vampirism are contagious, but there is no such story about
the walking dead. The mindless zombi is said to be made by
a boccor or houngan in Haiti, but many of the maldestri we
encounter seem to have no such master controlling them.
The more intelligent walking dead have no apparent
master either, nor any ability to create more like them-


HUNTER BOOK: JUDGE

selves. Perhaps that is why they are such "lone wolves."
There simply are not enough of them to form a society.

Sorcerers

Communicarion

As with vampires, communicating with sorcerers would
appear to be both simple and complicated. lt is simple because
we do not need to perform any particular effort to achieve it.
One can simply dial a telephone, if one knows the number.

As with vampires again, caution must be used. These
beings are said to be powerful, rare and unpredictable. Of all
the creatures we have observed, these could be most like us,
for good and bad. lt is good because they do not seem to need
to kill or feed on us, as others do. lt is bad because 1 know
just how bad human beings can be, and | know that a little
power can make a beast of even a good man. How much worse
can one be with the powers sorcerers have displayed?

La Communauté Bruxe provided me the home phone
number of one of the workers in the EC, with a warning to
call from a public phone and to disguise my face, even
though 1 was miles away from the sorceress. Who knows
what a magician might see in her crystal ball?

lL spoke briefly with the sorceress and asked what her
interest was in the EC. Initially, she pretended that she was
nothing more than a normal functionary. When | let her
know that | had watched as she engineered a car accident
that was fatal to two highly placed blood slaves, she fell
silent, then suggested that we meet. | hung up immediately.
1 cannot explain it, but 1 had a strong feeling of being
watched at that moment.

lam undecided whether to call her back. And if 1 did,
what would | ask her and how much could | reveal?

Acexba

La Communauté Bruxe has observed a number of these
beings working at NATO, while a smaller number works
for the EC. Note that l do not say they were seen near those
places. They are employed there. In some cases, they are
high-ranking officers and ministers. The very top levels
seem to be purely human, but between the blood slaves and
the sorcerers, both organizations are heavily compromised.

Some kind of rivalry seems to exist between the types of
creatures. | have seen sorcerers eliminate both vampires and
their blood slaves. | have also seen vampires pursue sorcerers
with obvious dangerous intent. My first instinct in this matter
is to aid the sorcerers in their battle. But can l trust my
instincts in this case? The blood drinkers prey on us to survive.
Do sorcerers do some harm that we simply fail to see?

The ideal would be to encourage the battle between
them, but this would, l suspect, be a very difficult feat. lt
would mean manipulating manipulators.

While the presence of sorcerers in NATO and the EC
argues loudly for some kind of master plan on their part,
U could not say what it is. Vampires need our blood to live.
That is their motivation for controlling us. Sorcerers?
What can we possibly have that they covet?

Guosrs

Last night Storm showed up again, although | guess
his real name is Nathan. One moment | was dreaming

about mowing the lawn, and then he was kind of leaning
over the fence asking if he could talk to me. | said okay.

He said he wanted me to know that he wasn't going to
see Sleeper any more. He'd found some old women in a
retirement homeand was doing the same kind of thing with
them, and did | think that was wrong? He seemed kind of
uncertain about it, because he was still intruding on them
and everything, but on the other hand they didn't seem to
mind one bit - they liked it even - and they were drugged out
of their minds most of the time, anyway. | told him | guessed
it was okay, as long as he didn't visit anyone too often.

Then | asked him if he knew Ned.

I'd been thinking about doing it for a while. It was like,
when someone disses you and on the way home, you think
of the perfect comeback? I'd been thinking "When | found
out Storm was a ghost, | should have asked about Ned."

So he said "Smash Head Ned? You're the one?" | didn't
like the sound of that. He said Ned had told some people - or
Iguesssomeghosts-about meeting someone whocould see
him, and they were all real excited to find out who it was.
Nathan says spirits want to find people who can communi-
cate with them more than just about anything. (He called
people like that "mediums," | guess because they're in the
middle between the living and the dead.)

| asked him about the soldiers and that leathery
thing, and he said it's an evil ghost that's been around
since, like, old times. It's called Euclio and all it wants to
do is destroy other ghosts. He said it's not going to your
fate, like if you die and don't become a ghost. | guess
Euclio stopped Ned from existing. He was just gone.

| begged Nathan not to tell anyone | was one of these
mediums, and he promised. | did ask him about the other
two ghosts who were with Ned - Dorrie and Maurice. He
said Dorrie got vanished, eventually. | guess those sol-
diers we saw were Euclio's helpers. Maurice got away, but
he's been hiding from them ever since.

ComMUNICATION

Communicating with the dead is problematic at best. We
can see them or perhaps some of them some of the time,
judging from reports of them vanishing altogether. Fewer of
us report being able to hear them, and it is not clear whether
they can hear us or (in extreme cases) even perceive us.

Looking through different archives, | have found mul-
tiple references to the following means of communication.

Writing. This seems by far the most common. A ghost
writes something on an immaterial object and shows it to
the hunter, who can perceive it.

Speech. This is (surprisingly) a seemingly rare form of
communication. Ghosts do not materialize in the living
world with sufficient strength to move air and communi-
cate verbally. Or so it would seem. Perhaps those spirits
who can talk prefer not to in order to conceal their
abilities. Or perhaps stories of ghostly speech are tied to
some mind control and our new nature makes us immune.

Technology. Some of us have reported spirits manipulat-
ing machines. They have even been said to communicate
through telephones and email in some circumstances. (1 find
this frightening, considering the nature of our internet lists.)

Dreams. While this might appear to be a fairly safe
means to communicate with the departed, there are two


problems. The first is that many of us do not remember our
dreams very well. For all 1 know, | have been holding a
conversation with a ghost for months and simply do not
remember it upon awakening. Second, how does one know
if one has spoken to a ghost or actually dreamed it?

As Ltype this, a third problem comes to mind. lf Freud
is correct and dreams are the "royal road to the uncon-
scious," might this mean that ghosts have the ability to
lant suggestions into our minds at night, when we are most

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: traveler72
Subject: What are you thinking?

> I am undecided whether to call her back.

What are you thinking? If you felt like you were
being watched, there's at least a chance that you were.
If she hasn't tracked you down yet, maybe she missed
you that time. Don't give her another chance. Use your
own criteria. Is talking to her worth letting dozens of
ghouls and vampires survive if she whacks you?

> And if I did, what would I ask her and how
much céuld I reveal?

Don't tell hera goddamn thing. Don't call her, don't
talk to her, don't think about her too hard. Just walk away.

Don't you realize that you may be the most orga-
nized hunter in Europe? You've got the connections in
law enforcement to find things out, you're part of the
system so no one will suspect you, you've got two other
hunters on your side, and three psychopaths you can
unleash. Don't risk all that for curiosity's sake.

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: thinker
Subject: Re: Sorcerers

> lam undecided whether to call her back.

Why? If her powers can find you from a brief pay
phone call when you're disguised, she'll probably
find you sooner or later no matter what you do.

To be safe, you probably want to use one of those
voice changers. If you've gota friend in the police (or
even among your inmates) who knows something
about phones, he can probably reroute your call
several times to make it harder to trace.

> And if I did, what would I ask her

Ask what her plans are in the government. Ask
what she's doing with vampires. Ask her why we
shouldn't simply shoot her from a belltower. If she
says she's fighting the rots, ask her the best way to do
it. She may know something we don't.

> and how much could I reveal?

About us? Don't tell her a fucking thing. Ifit was
me, I'd play it like I was a vampire lackey who got fed
up playing Step ‘n' Fechit for Massa Varney and is
looking to switch sides. j

CHAPTER 2: THE HUNT

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: serena
Subject: Euclio
Wait a minute. So there's this ghost out there

whose whole purpose is to destroy other ghosts? How
exactly is that different from what we're doing?

~ Look Justme, I know this "Euclio" thing looks
ugly and the other ghosts seem nice, but I think one
reason we are what we are is to get them the fuck out

of the mortal world. Maybe Euclio is nasty, maybe he's
even evil, but the enemy of your enemy is your friend.

vulnerable? Our proposed resilience to mental influence
would seem to argue against this, but such protection
would also seem to keep them out entirely, which does not
appear to be the case from what l piece together of the
statements from "Just Me."

Aczna

Uvis difficult to know anything for certain about a type
of being that is intangible. There may be patterns among
reports, however. l have noticed multiple cases of spirits
in conflict, often ones pursued by others. t]_Martello told
of a rot who confided that it was "hiding" in "il mondo di
vita" from powerful spirits that wished to destroy it. These
spirits, it said, dwelled "beneath" our perceptions and
wished to drag all souls down to them.

1s it feasible to contact these "deep" ghosts who do not
enter "the world of life"? lf we do so, can we make
arrangements to cooperate with them in order to keep
spirit troublemakers from harassing the living? And if it
is feasible, is it desirable?

SHAPECHANGERS

CommUKICATION

The skin changer with whom | have the most experi-
ence (at least | suspect him to be such) maintains a normal
"human" identity. Indeed, | have never seen him outside of
his ordinary facade. | have seen flashes of his hidden
identity (ones that he did not wittingly reveal, | believe),
and he has displayed behavior that others simply have not
noticed, such as labored breathing without apparent cause,
body hairs that are not naturally human, and palms badly
scarred as if cut as when one falls on concrete.

lf it is common practice for shapeshifters to main-
tain human form, they may be as approachable as
sorcerers and vampires. Which is to say, contact would
not be physically difficult. Still, one questions the
wisdom of attempting it.

Allow me recount a story from the [censored] list.
Pardon the haziness of the details, but my [censored] is
poor. A poster who called himself "Christian" had an ally
he called "Phantom" who spent several months hunting
alongside members of some sort of extended family. | am not
clear on the details, but it seemed to be some sort of kinship
group. (Lf anyone can confirm meeting "Phantom," | would
be obliged, as the story may have become [confused?] or
exaggerated through retelling.)


HUNTER BOOK: /UDGE

Christian's ally realized that a man he had known all
his life, a traveling merchant of something or other, was a
shapechanger. Since this creature had eaten at the man's
table, Phantom was unwilling to simply ambush it, as he
otherwise might have done.

Instead, Phantom asked about this being's nature. The
man claimed to not understand. When Phantom asked him
about other supernaturals, particularly vampires, the
changer became agitated and told him to stay away, that he
would quickly get himself into circumstances he could not
handle. Phantom said that he could not simply look away as
the monsters preyed on his friends and family.

They went back and forth, but before they parted they
had reached an agreement. Phantom and his comrades
would join up with the shapechanger in order to rid the city
of a nest of particularly vile creatures.

In practice, the relationship did not work out. Yes,
having the strength and viciousness of a skin changer on
their side was helpful. The mere presence of the beast
frightened away the blood slaves protecting the den.
However, when the actual vampires came forth to defend
themselves, the beast went into a murderous rage. lt
attacked the enemy and its fellows with equal ferocity.
Phantom fled, and according to Christian, will probably
never regain the full use of his arm.

If hearsay is to be believed, is communication with the
skinchangers possible? Certainly. Are they desirable al-
lies? Only to a point.

Aczuba

Andividual shapeshifters, like us, undoubtedly have
personal goals. But is there any goal they hold in common?
From the reports | have, their primary desire is to be left
alone. While their brute attacks on rather than total
avoidance of humans in the wilderness seem to contradict
this, it makes sense if the beasts consider humans intruders
on their territory. Whatever these creatures are, they are
obviously predators. No predator tolerates the violation of
its hunting grounds.

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: listserver
Subject: Ghostly alliance

Warden wrote:

> can we make arrangements to cooperate with
them in order to

> keep spirit troublemakers from harassing the
living? And if it is

> feasible, is it desirable?

I'm very doubtful about this. Did the Messengers
imbue us to make deals with supernaturals or to keep the
world safe from them? Reading Justme's story about
Euclio makes me very hesitant to choose sides in this
matter. Perhaps this "Nathan" is the lesser of two evils.

If you captured a Jewish pickpocket, would you
send him back to Nazi Germany?

Perhaps that is all there is to werewolves. Perhaps they
are beasts who want nothing more than to hunt in peace, and
conflict comes solely from the intrusion of humankind.

But we must consider another alternative. Perhaps
they crave privacy in the wilderness because they conceal
some larger activity. Perhaps they have plans and schemes
as elaborate as those of the bloodsuckers, but because they
do not need human prey they are able to carry out their
agenda in the forests, unseen by human eyes.

This is a disturbing possibility. Does any hunter know
anyone involved in satellite observation? Many spy satel-
lites are in the hands of NATO, are they not? Perhaps that
is one reason why the sorcerers and vampires are so
interested in that institution.

Ovuers

L have put together several reports from all over the
globe of sites that seem to possess what | term a "genius
loci" or local spirit. BookwormSS assures me that animis-
tic beliefs (religions based on the idea that areas are
possessed or protected by supernatural beings) are almost
universal. Tarjiman has been good enough to translate
some specific articles for me to discuss.

Crusader17 described "the Name Eater" in the south-
western United States, an influence that would make the
residents of a town forget individuals. The individuals
would then vanish, as if they had never been born.

A document called "Physician's Field Report #22"
has circulated among some hunters, describing a town in
which all paranormal activity was ignored by the locals,
even as it occurred openly.

Crystal23 described a cliff in Canada that bled when
chipped, and the nightmares that followed.

Soyboy134 reported an Australian Outback rock
formation that seemed to hypnotize people and lure them
to their deaths.

1s there some foundation to the notion of a local spirit?
Cowmuxicarion

The only person who has reported a conversation with
such a thing is "Soyboy," and he learned little of value. The
voice would apparently offer enticements of some kind.
There was no real evidence that a spirit or animating force
had any interest in an exchange of ideas. lt merely seemed to
lure him closer. As for Crystal, the nightmares this person
had seemed intended to frighten him/her away, rather than
attract. Nonetheless, there was no indication that the intel-
ligence of the place, if any, wanted to communicate. lt might
have had its own agenda or purpose, or none at all.

Acenpa
These areas seem to be unique. lf they can communi-
cate with each other, they must do so by means beyond our
knowing. In three of four cases, they have proven [mali-
cious? ], and in the fourth case seemed simply indifferent.
lf they have plans, humans may play no good part in them.
Alotof people have warned us about making deals with
ghosts and stuff. But | don't think we have a lot of choice.
You remember me talking about Euclio, the really
scary spirit with the dry eye holes? Well, he showed up at
our house a few nights ago. Mom and me were having a


pizza and watching TV when | just got this really creepy
feeling. So! concentrated and he was right there, standing
right in our living room, watching us. | kind of screamed
and then Mom saw him too, but he held up his hands like
in a "don't hurt me" way? He said he'd come in peace.

Even though | didn't want to trust him, mom said
we ought to hear him out. And we could hear him, too,
like at the cemetery

So he said that maybe we got off on the wrong foot.
| mean, he said everything a lot fancier, so I'm putting
this in my words. He said he wanted the same thing we
did - to see ghosts stop bothering people. | asked him
what he'd done to Ned. All he said was that there was no
more Ned. We went around and around for a while, but
what it came down to was that when you die, you go to
this empty place. You just stop being. Either that or you
get hung up in the real world and make a mess of things
until you run out of steam, and then you stop existing.

He could tell | thought that was horrible and said |
misundegstood, that | thought non-existence was ter-
rible because my body had instincts to stay alive. He said
that not existing is bliss, that Budists call it Nirvana, and
he said something about a philosopher saying that non-
being would be like a perfect sleep. He said he was just
trying to put restless ghosts in their proper place.

So mom asked if being nothing is so nice, why was
he still hanging around. He said he was like a "body visa"
or something. He deliberately delayed his end to help
others find theirs.

We were both suspicious, since he didn't seem
really merciful when he sent Ned away, but he told us
that if we needed him, all we had to do was ask.

Meand mom didn't talk about it, but we were both
thinking about it. | didn't mention it here before. | don't
know, I guess I didn't think it would do any good. Noone
on these lists ever agrees on anything. Anyhow, we kind
of had our minds made up for us.

There was this social worker my mom knew. I'd
met her a few times. | guess | can't tell you her name,
but she was really nice. Anyhow, she worked at this
shelter for battered women. Well, she recently fell off
the balcony of her apartment and broke both her legs.
Mom went to see her in the hospital and there was this
cop there. He talked to my mom and asked if she knows
about... damn, | guess | can't put that name in either,
can |? This one guy. Mom said no. It turns out that this
guy was beating his wife, and she (the wife) went to
the shelter, and mom's friend - the social worker -
talked her into leaving her husband. That's who the
cop was asking about, the husband. Anyhow, the hus-
band begged the wife to come back and threatened the
social worker, but both of them wouldn't change their
minds. So | guess he like, blew his own brains out. And
the woman was really upset about it and blamed
herself, but was seeing the social worker and it seemed
to be going okay. But then the social worker went over
the balcony. She said she was pushed. She said the guy
who pushed her looked just like the dead husband.

So the social worker doesn't believe it was a ghost,
and the cop is really confused. There were no signs of
anyone breaking in, but no one thought the social worker
was the type to do anything crazy or try to kill herself.

CHAPTER 2: THE HUNY

Mom and | suspected what was going on. We
started watching and sure enough, this ghost eventu-
ally showed up at the hospital. He just walked through
the wall to her room like it was completely natural. His
face was fine, but it turned out that the whole back of
his head was gone. There wasn't much question who or
what he was.

Somom knocked him back from the social worker,
who was out of it at the time. That really seemed to
shake the ghost up and he ran off, like he was a
coward before and being dead really hadn't changed
anything. We hoped that was the end of it, but | drew
that sign on the social worker and felt better about
leaving her alone.

After that we checked up on the wife and her new
boyfriend. We found out that her boyfriend had been
killed in a car accident, so this woman was in really bad
shape. Mom and | glanced at each other. We both knew
who'd caused the crash. That's when | spotted the
husband watching us, his head sticking out of the wall
where he was hiding and spying.

| thought about what to do. Neither mom or me
could hurt the guy. We could maybe just push him away
or hold him in place, but not stop him. So | just kind of
blurted out that this woman should come stay with
mom and me, even though we only knew her through
the social worker. Mom was kind of surprised. | just
nodded and looked her straight in the eye, hoping she'd
understand. Mom caught on pretty quick and | could tell
was trying not to look around the room, even though
she wanted to. The woman didn't want to come at first,
but if you know my mom, she can be pretty convincing.
| guess it's a part of her work.

| could tell that the husband's ghost was pretty
pissed, but he didn't seem to want to jump in the car,
after what we did to him at the hospital.

Later, mom and | talked about what to do. The
only thing | could think of was call Euclio. We went
back to the woman's house that night. We didn't even
go in - just sat in the car out front. | said "Euclio" kind
of quiet, like normal talking, but nothing happened.
It felt dumb, but | said it louder and he appeared out
of nowhere, just walking straight down the street
right at us, completely naked like before. | tried to
keep my eyes on his face.

He barely spoke to us. | started to tell him that |
called his name. He just turned to me and said "I know"
really seriously. He kind of sniffed the air after that and
went straight into the house - without even opening the
door. | guess | should be used to that by now.

He wasn't in there long before | saw papers and
stuff flying around inside, but there was no wind or
sound. When Euclio came out again, he walked up and
said "Thank you for your help" and just marched down
the street again.

| don't know what the guy's problem was. Maybe it
wasn't such a good idea to call Euclio, but | really don't
know what else we could have done. Without him,
mom's friend and that woman would probably have
been dead by now. We couldn't protect them forever.

| do know that I'm not going to tell Euclio
about Nathan.



CHAPTER 3: HUNTER TIES

Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the

quick and the dead.
— | Peter 4:5

Arrirupes ¥ oward Zeators

[I have translated material from Warden regarding
his relations with others of our kind. He appears to have
many different theories on our natures and behavior.]

1 am a little unsure what to make of the self-styled
"boia" or "revengists." On one hand, when one hears of a
disaster caused by ill-considered, headstrong attacks, it is
generally one of these warriors at the heart of it. And yet,
it is equally true that when one hears of genuine heroism
and courage that is almost madness, there too one finds a
revengist. The question then seems to be how do we best
apply their strengths while diminishing their weakness?
The answer, l think, is to realize that not every problem
yields to the simple, direct solution. lt is also to realize that
some problems require only a big stick and an angry heart.

Why would anyone ever work with someone who's
always so angry and ready to hurt people?

| mean, come on. Look at the stories we've heard
right here. Ripsaw killed a little kid to get a spirit out of
her. Crusader burned a house and shot at the fire trucks
to keep them from putting it out. And what about
Warden's friends? They're murderers and rapists.

Let me tell you something that happened to me. I'm
not going to put this on the main list. Please don't anyone
repost my stuff. Traveler, | think you got me in trouble
when you reposted my stuff about Nathan and Ned.

See, one of the people on the other list decided to find
me. I've even figured out how she did it. She said she

might have seen Ned and wanted to talk to see if we were
in the same city. (For some reason she said she was a guy,
too. | don't know why.) So over email, | gave her a phone
number for a pay phone and arranged a time to talk. But
when | went to the phone, the call was really staticky and
the person was using one of those voice scramblers, like
in "Scream"? She just said "Oh, | guess we're not in the
same town," that she was in Los Angeles. "You better get
off the phone in case someone intercepted our email and
is watching for you." There wasn't much more to say.
So about a week after that, I'm coming out of work and
going to my car when this woman drives up looking really
scared. Shecalled mebynameand said my mom wasintrouble.
Iwas kind ofon my guard because she was sort of scary
looking. There was nothing | could really put my finger on.
She was just kind of nasty and not really clean, and driving
this beat up old station wagon. But she said my mom was
in trouble and she held up a file card with one of the
symbols on it. | knew she was one of us, so | got in the car.
She drove me out to the country and told me that a
vampire had spotted my mom following it, and it grabbed
her. She said sheandsome other hunters had been watching
thevampiretoo, trying to "figure out what made it tick." But
when they sawittake my mom, they realized they had todo
something right away. | asked why they'd stopped to get me
then. She said the others had surrounded the vampire's
hiding place and they‘d gotten me because I'd be able to tell
if mom was under mind control or anything.
By that point | was really scared. She pulled over and said
"There itis. That's the vampire lair." It was this really old, beat


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

yy 3 4

up barn in the middle of nowhere. While | was looking at it |
felt this really sharp pain in my back, and | guess | passed out.

Checking myself out later, | found these two little
holes in my back, all red and irritated looking. | don't
know what she used on me.

| think | was out for a while before | woke up. | felt
really crappy, like | couldn't wake up, even though she was
slapping me. | was soaked too. | think she threw a glass of
water on metrying to snap me outof it. | was tied toa chair.

She was screaming right in my face. She wasn't making
alot of sense, but | think she was yelling at me about Nathan,
about how | was, like, fucking himin my dreamsand how! was
the Sleeper wasn't |? All this kind of crazy stuff about how she
could read between thelines."You like it, don't you?" she kept
saying, talking about ghosts and stuff | guess. | kept saying
"No, it wasn't me. | didn't do any of it" over and over.

| started bawling like a baby and | think that got
through to her. She kind of backed off, wouldn't look at me.
She asked if | was thirsty and | realized | was. | got more
water all over me because | started shaking when shecame
near. | couldn't help it, and that got her upset again.

She started saying, "You must think I'm a horrible
person," and stuff like that. Started telling me that it was
for my own good. Said she'd read my posts and realized
that the ghosts had gotten to me, had tricked me, that |
had to be "corrected" before it was too late. | tried to tell
her no, | hadn'‘t been fooled or anything but that made
her really mad. She started screaming at me about how |
thought | knew everything when | didn't know anything.
Yelling about how easy we are to fool and the ghosts

know all our weaknesses. She said they watch us all the
time and prey on us, coming to us disguised as people we
love. She really went off about "you girls" too, talking
about how she remembered what it was like to be sixteen
and pretty and want to get fucked by every boy you see.

While she wasgoing off, | checked out the ropes. | wastied
upgoodand tight, but when | looked down I sawthat she'd tied
my legs to the chair legs down at the ankles. All | needed to do
was pull the chair legs up, and | might be able to slip the loops
off. The chair was kind of rickety too. | thought | might be able
to just break off the slat my wrists were tied around.

Shesawmemovingaroundandorderedmetositstill.|said
| was just uncomfortable, and asked if she could loosen the
ropes a little. She thought about it, but shook her head. She
even looked kind of sad. She said she couldn't let mego until she
could trust me. She said the ghosts had got me and that | had
to be fixed so that they couldn't feed off me any more.

While she said that, she picked up this crowbar. Her
lower lip was starting to quiver, and she said that when
| understood, I'd be glad. | think she was about to cry,
and she asked me to forgive her. | could see a shiny edge
on the end of the crowbar where she'd sharpened it.

I stood up as fast as | could and jerked my legs away from
the chair legs. It worked. | got up, but | was still tied to the chair
and she knocked medown. Icouldn‘tcatch myself, so | fell right
on my shoulder. It hurt really bad. She'd gotten mad again, and
that's when something started pounding on the door.

| must have put on the clear vision at some point,
because | could see everything really well. She ran over to
a corner. When | got turned over she had a huge gun, and


the door smashed open. She was screaming, | was scream-
ing, and the guy at the door was screaming. He had anaxe,
but she shot him before he could hit her with it. It didn't
stop him and he chopped at her hand. Blood flew every-
where and she dropped the crowbar. | got one foot on the
seat and managed to pull the chair apart. My hands were
still behind my back, but | wasn't tied up anymore.

The guy had grabbed her and bitten her on the face,
tearing off a big chunk. She shot him again. His jacket flapped
as the bullets flew out his back. Then she yelled "Back!" and
he flew backward like he was on strings. She dove for the
crowbar, so | ran up and kicked her as hard as | could. She fell
over and | stomped on her face. She rolled onto her side and
passed out. Her face and hand were bleeding a lot.

It wasn't till then that | realized that the guy who
saved me was that dead kid from the mall, the one Jen
liked who we pulled into the car. He asked if | wasall right.
He was covered in blood, but he held his hands out and
said "I'm not going to hurt you, okay?" | said | just wanted
to get out of there, and he let me go. | took the crazy
woman's car and drove out of there. | guess | left that
woman with him, but | really didn't care. She was the
"monster." | haven't seen her since. | probably never will.

Jovrnal Entry 6

The railing list if qrowing Soft. That prifon warden seems to have his
head on straight. What else would you expect From Someone who has to deal
with criminal scum? But that teenaged yin is Like a swarm of termites, slowly
eating away at the cavse From the inside. | can't confront her directly on
the list. Id look like a bully, and she has been through alot. | have to admire
such courage From a teenager, but it's obvious that she has todo alot of growing
up before she can truly understand how the world works. | don't want to
give up on the list, since it could be a very important tool in the war, but
I can't waste my time dealing with the blind,

The more | consider the problem, the more | think that Just Me may
either be adupe or one of the enemy. My Suspicions were confirmed today
when she attacked the most dedicated hunters Ive met: the crusaders.

If we are to lead the way and make choices, then these men
and women are ovr Supporters.

It wasn't long after my encounter in the alley that | met
a Fellow hunter Face to Face for the first time. | actually met
two. I've avoided speaking of them in this journal or on the internet
in order to protect their privacy, | also don't want them getting
mired in the softness of people like Just Me. They need to be
shielded so they can keep their dedication up. After seeing them
in action, I'm sure they wouldn't want it any other way.

| was Positioned in an alley across the street From my did one, | was
hoping that more of the monsters would show up, maybe to find ot what
really happened to the one | killed Mott of the street people had been
Scared of f, thovgp, The cops had made a token effort to track down witnesses.
Maybe the monsters have fome influence over law enforcement,

| first noticed the car a Few nights after | fought the Freak. It
was parked with a view of the alley, and | could see two Figures inside.
| couldn't see anything Strange about them, fo | wrote them off as
Cops on a Stakeovt, maybe watching for anyone Suspicious in the area.
After the third night they spent near the alley, | decided to
investigate them. Why would two cops stay around fo long when all
the others had given up? | found my answer af Soon af | came near.
Taped to the inside of the windshield was a piece of paper with one
of our Symbols drawn on it: — "Us" or "Friends" or Something,

lunderstood it immediately, though | don't know how. I'd seen
it in daydreams before, and now seeing it in that car, a

CHAPTER 3: HUNTER VIES

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: justme
Subject: Re: Crusaders

traveler72 wrote:

> You have to look out for that vampire. He was
obviously following you, and that

> means he's up to no good. I'm sorry I had any
part in getting that crazy lady on your

> back. Obviously the enemy of your enemy isn't
always friendly, like someone posted.

So what are you saying? That I should trust the
next pissed off bitch that comes along wanting to kill
everyone? That | should write off every vampire as
evil? Should I hate the guy that saved my life, and
like people like the woman who tried to kill me? Is
that how it's supposed to be, us versus them?

You want to know how that dead kid found me?
Nathan told him. So now I owe my life toa ghost and
a vampire. I guess Crusader would say I'm a traitor.

1 met the kid again. I'm not going to tell you his
real name. Someone on here will just try to kill him.
I'll just call him Vlad. That's a good vampire name,
since they're "all the same," right?

He said he'd kept an eye on me after that first
night. Said he felt like he owed me, like we'd saved
him. Actually, he said "saved his life" and then
stopped and looked really sad.

Here's what I learned from him. He'd dead and

being dead sucks. Some old vampire decided he'd

ake a good slave, so he grabbed him out of his house,
icking killed him, and then brought him back.

I guess Vlad ran away and the old guy tried to kill him

for real, and that'swhen me and momand Jen came along.

asked why he attacked Jen in the car. He said that
when one of his kind gets really hungry, they lose their
shit. That's why he didn't come up tomesooner. He was

ashamed, and he was afraid he'd freak out around me.

But he's not a monster, he's a person. Just like you
and I are, even though we can dosome pretty weird stuff.

You should have heard him. He talked about
how the old guy had robbed him. That was his word.
He said now he'll never be able to see his parents or
his sister again, because he's afraid of what he might
do to them. He can't go to any kind of normal school
because he can't even go outside in the day anymore.
He told me how much he misses just normal sleep,
like when you wake up late on a Saturday morning.
He misses feeling hot and cold. He misses being able
to pet a dog without it barking or running away.

So that's your "monster." Before you try to kill him
or torture him, ask how you'd feel ifsomeone tried to do
that to you. Dicatrix said violence is like a drug to bad
men. SY ar pies team yess att lignics


HUNTER BOOK: JUDGE

tremendous sense of relief came over me. | dropped the bum act
and knocked on their window. When they rolled it down, | blurted
out, probably alittle tee ayickly, "Ikilled that thing in the alley."

We've been the closest of allies ever since.

Adar and Eve, af | will call them, have been hunting the creatures ever
Since They ran into Something in a parking garage. To themit's all about putting
monsters down and Living to See another day. Both are yoy, married and
neither Can Leep at night knowing that things are out there. Previews to
ow meeting, they claimed to Feel directionless, Aaling. They don't have
to worry about that now. With the knowledge | have of the local business
community's infestation, we can extract a terrible price From the monsters.

Adam is short tempered and eayer to Fight. | found myself
unwilling to divulge to him the identities of all the monsters | had
seen, Simply because | suspected that he wavld strike avt an hit
own to kill them, | can't afford to let him throw his life away.

Eve is similarly eager, but is more of a planner than Adam. | yet the
sense that her marriage if on the rocks, and that her husband might be
physically abusive. She has little trouble spending nights away From home.

Ive given them qvidance, taken then imder my wing, and
shown them that we need to organize ourselves against the beasts.
They're like the children | never had.

Fager allies such as Adam and Eve may favor direct
confrontation too much, | admit. | Feel like it's my responsibility
to qvide them, to see to it that their anger is focused. Without
me, they've out of control, undisciplined,

Arvirubes Toward rie MerciFut
Journal Entry 7
| have relocated to Adam's hunting lodge. "Lodge" is an

exaggeration. It's more Like a shack. Thank God it haf indoor plumbing,

The phone Line and kitchenette are added amenities. The shack is
isolated, but | can keep im touch with the world and further my
research with my new laptop. Distance makes it easier for me to
Focus on planning rather than taking a strictly Local, street-level
view of things assuming the wilds don't hide their own unknown
dangers). I'm also relieved that | have a home for the winter that
doesn't involve a lease or anything else that leaves a paper trail.

Adare and Eve have prorised to stop by ante a week to dvop off Food
and other supplies. Ive spent ry time Scanning the internet Far information
related to my new calling. That was how | fomd ory newest ally. | veview
the web sites of newspapers in my region, and sometimes do a search of their
archives for words like "hauntings "Spook" or "mutilation" The search word
"cemetery" tumed up a man | have dubbed Gump.

Gurp if developmentally difabled. He if alo nearly sevens feet tall ancl
built Like a bull elephant. The article was purely a human-interest story,
telling of how his Physique and simple-minded nature made it difficult for
him to Find a job, The local cemetery had been vandalized repeatedly and
Gump volunteered to look after it. A year had qone by withost any problems,
and the town decided to pay Gump a small salary. Not long after, several
graves were "disturbed." The article didn't g0 into amy details, but I sspect
that the damage may have been related to supernatural activity.

According to some of Bookworm's Files, monsters can inhabit and
control corpses. My Suspicions were confirmed by Gump himself.
Apparently, the trouble had ended soon after it bean. When asked about
it, Gump told the reporter, ‘It's part of my job. If keep the cemetery
nice, no one needs To wake uP and complain." It was written off af an amusing
comment, but the man seemed honest and Frank throughout the article,
To be blunt, a joke like that struck me af beyond his capacity.

I contacted Adam and Eve about my discovery. We agreed to
drive ovt to the cemetery and speak with Gump, | was apprehensive


about the meeting. Gump could very easily compromise us. He seemed
quileless From the newspaper interview, and it was not beyond the
realm of possibility that he could casually mention anything we told
him about the hunt to his acqvaintances. But then, everything we
do is fraught with dangers. Why Shouldn't this be, too?

The cemetery was located in a small town. From Adam and
Eve's experiences, there were few reports of monster activity
ovt side of urban areas. My research on hunter-net confirmed that.

Gump was even more imposing in person than the article suggested.
He towered above the three of us, and | had the distinct impression that
he could earily have snapped my neck, had the urge struck him,

He tried to usher uf away at first, explaming that no visitors were
allowed after sundown. When | mentioned that we were there to talk
to him about the cemetery's dead people who had been complaining,
he softened up. He was still suspicious, but when we Showed him the sign
for ally, he immediately became more welcoming, treating uf af if we
were old Friends. Proof positive, | think, that he is one of uf.

He Said, "Most people laugh when | talk about the people who live
here. They think I'm making a joke. My momma told me not to try to talk
too much, she said they would lock me vp For being crazy. Im not crazy.
| see the people who live in the cemetery. | don't see momma, thovgh."

I knew we had struck gold. This place was probably a breeding
ground for creatures. With Adam and Eve under my direction, we
could observe the area, learn what we could and then wipe out
the monsters that dwelled here.

As it turned ovt, Gump had Something to Say about that.

He was giving us a tour of the cemetery when we discovered ovr
First monster. | was keyed up and not alittle bit nervors, fol was watching
with this focused sight | seem to possess. We all heard a dull thudding Sound,
Adam, Eve andl | exchanged Fearful glances, yet Gump seemed unconcerned,

"Old Man Mason is back at it again, he explained with a smile.

He led us to the Source of the noise, arather elaborate monument
amidst gravestones that looked relatively new. With my sight
focused, | could see the wispy form of a haggard old man slamming
himself into the monument. Apparently Gump could see him too,
because the fool walked right up to the thing without hesitation.

"Mr. Mason, you know that your family bought you that
statue. They miss you."

The spirit swarled at us; | could hear it in my head, af if the
thing were speaking to my mind. Perhaps it could read our
thovghts, yet Gump spoke to it alovd.

"They're wasting my Fortune. ILL Find them and reclaim what
| earned. You're too stupid to see that," it said.

The thing looked ready to charge us. After seeing how it made a
gpod~ Sized monument shake, | readied my Pistol beneath my overcoat. |
wasn't sure that a gun could do anything to this creature, but | wasn't
sping to qo defenseless. | gave Adam and Eve the sign to ready their own
weapons. But before we could strike, Something happened that has given
me more cause for Second thoughts on the hunt than anything else,

Gump looked the thing in the eye and said to it "Don't call me
stupid, Mr. Mason, Don't you remember that time | found your watch
in the park? You lost it when they named that flower garden in Your
honor. Wow, Your wife was fo provd that day. She likes Aowers."

lalmost didn't believe my eyes, but the monster's rage quickly
changed to Sorrow. It almost looked like it was going to cry.

‘You're right. I'm sorry. There's more to life than money. |
should Let Mary enjoy her remaining time. She' Ww end up like me
some day. She should be happy while it Lasts."

And then it disappeared,

CHAPTER 3: HUNTER TIES

"Does this happen with all of them?" | asked Gump.

"No. There's two mean qvys whove been aromnd here." He saw the
knife andl pipe that Adam and Eve held. "Can you guys help me with them?"

Since then, we've checked in with Gump every week to look after
him and the cemetery. The fools around hin don't realize the war he
wages each and every night to keep that town From being overrun by
the dead, We don't dare take any action there without Gump's approval.
The chance is too great that the childlike giant will betray ovr secret.
So Far, he has remamed silent. We've been careful to not let him see
our Car, and we take care to mention nothing of our personal Lives.

Bot what's stuck with me is the reaction of that ghost. For a
moment, it looked all too human, Are some of the monsters salvageable
as the bleeding hearts on the lists insist? Its tempting to say yes.
fs tempting fo convince myself that some monsters can be saved,
and that the war that Lies ahead can be easier than it seems.

But | can't do that to myself. | have too many people comting on my
qvidtance to wallow in False hope or Sentiment, | suspect that when a monster
takes the form of a human, Some measure of the human Consciousness remains,
Uke when you erase a chalkboard and some of the writing lingers af Faint
images, visible beneath whatever is written afterward. This Lingering
humanity could be a weakness, but alfo a strength. It makes sense that
Something Rmcamentally inhuman would need some mechanism by which too
manipulate or understand vs. How else could they be such experts at staying
hidden unless they knew uf thoroughly?

We can't take the easy rovte ot and let a few exceptions dictate
our plans. Monsters ave inhuran anal must be destroyed. Until see evidence
of a creature's humanity that ovtweighS the evidence | saw in Roderick's
case, | refuse to believe otherwise. Roderick's loss will not be in vain.

We've made sure to keep a careful watch over Gump, to ensure that
he understands that this is a conflict. So Far, he has done an admirable job
oF keeping his cemetery ayiet.| can only hope that my trust in his abilities
if not misplaced. He is too eager to speak with the beings before making
ajdgrent, a6 IF we should let a dangerous animal take a bite before we
kill if, just to make sure that this one itt a vegetarian.

Journal Entry 11

Today | received an unexpected Christmas gift From Gump. When
we went to check vp on him Last night, he gave vs the name and phone
number of a "Friend we Should contact. The sLip of Paper had ovr ally
Symbol on it. Gump explained that someone much Like us had come to
visit him, This visitor had also read the newspaper article that pomted
me in Gump's direction. | called the number this morning and Found
myself talking to a teenager. We agreed to meet in a city park.

Journal Entry 12

The drive down to the city to meet Gump's acquaintance was
worth it. | gained another Follower. I'll call him Job,

He has declined to talk about his First experience for personal
reasons. | can certainly understand his motives; | haven't shared
much of my encounter with Roderick. | have pieced toyether,
however, that Job was a pedestrian in traffic at the time and
performed some amazing Feat of strength — a capacity | define
as a great asset, but which he seems to regard with shame,

Regardless, Job has since dropped ovt of school without his parents
knowledge. He lives off his student-loan money. | get the Feeling that
he doesnt expect to live long enovgh to worry about paying it back.

Job made more than one allusion to dying on the hunt, not by
desire, but simply ovt of Fatalism. | suppose that if any one of vf allowed
ourselves to consider the possibility, we'd agree, Job if not crippled by
his pessimism, thovgh. He hates the creatures and wants to destroy
them, He's cut ties to his old Friends. He Found Gump the same way |
did. He also promised to introduce me to Some other people he's met.


Ca
HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

| must admit that Job impresses me. He shows a willingness to
sacrifice everything for our purpofe, but | cam't kelp but fine a Little
Showeranship im his act. He has to learn how to make an honest assessment
of a situation and work From there, I'm all for making sacrifices. | went
homeless for a month. But we have to decide how much of a sacrifice
if necessary for each fight. Job seems all too willing to throw his life
away. I'll have to watch him and make sure he takes care of himself.
If we give everything in every fight, welll get nowhere. It's important
that we pace ourselves. There will be many battles and we can't afford
to exhaust ourselves in anything but the Final one.

Job promised tokeep in touch. Lhave Adar check in with him regularly.
| regret that | live ton Far nuttide the city to keep closer tabs on him,

My little brood grows. Sometimes | Feel like mother duck.

Journal Entry 13

Gump is too simple to see the truth about the monsters. | can't
hold him responsible for his own intellectual shortcomings. Yet, even
though the man is slow he can still see what's in Front of him. He deals
with the "angry ones," af he calls them, strongly and decisively.

Contrast that with Marty Henderson. That's his real name. Id
reveal hif address and social security number, too, if | knew them. I've
taken care to protect the identities of the other hunters I've met, but
Marty deserves no one's help. We're just lucky that we didn't have
another Montreal on evr hanes when he was dene. Marty if in gradvate
School, even thovgh he doesn't have half of Gump's intelligence.

Eve met Marty while she was trailing a rot mafquerading af
Monica Sullivan. Sullivan ran a fires that competed with my own. IF |
remember correctly, her husband Francis had disappeared not long
after she came back from a vacation in the Caribbean. | had my
Suspicions about foul play, since Francis' rumored mistress also
disappeared at about the same time. As it turns ovt, Monica if dead,
her body inhabited by a monster, one that most likely killed Francis

and his lover. "She" was one of the many monsters | saw entrenched
tn the business world after my change. It ripped me to pieces to walk
away without doing something about Sullivan, but | had no idea how
to dispose of her without being arrested. After | had some experience
under my belt, and a group of Followers, | was ready to take her down.

Marty is one of those dysfnctional science Fiction enthusiasts.
He had television memorabilia all over his apartment. | don't know
any thing about his imbving, and | have no idea how he met the monster
controlling Monica Sullivan. We thought they were lovers, because the
woman slipped off to his apartment once or twice a week in the
evening. Eve noticed that Henderson had one of our symbols painted
on hif mailbox — chat she said was "hope." | decided to intervene
and confront this idiot directly myself. Adam came along, | didn't
want to compromise Eve. As it turned ovt, it wouldn't have mattered,
though for Eve's sake she's lucky she didn't come along,

Maybe we were too direct. | should have stopped Adam from
kicking the door oPen when Marty wouldn't undo the chain. | should have
remembered Adam's temper but | was enraged by the idiot's claims, too.

"They're just af human af you and me," he told us. "And if
you think otherwise, you're less human for it."

TU admit that putting my gun to his Face once we were inside
was extreme. | Let my emotions yet the better of me, but the idea
of this spmeless coward avestioning me, after all | had sacrificed
and Lost, was too much for me to handle. | had never let my emotions
run wild before that, and | must make sure it never happens again.

I got a handle on the situation before Adam could harm the
boy. | could see that cold look in Adam's eyes, and knew we had
to calm down before things got ugly. We demanded to know what
Henderson was doing with Monica Sullivan. His answer sickened me,

"She's just a confused, scared woman. She came back From that
other place, the place where spirits are from, and just wanted


to make things even with her husband. Maybe that's a bad thing,
but now she regrets it. The quilt is tearing her apart. | know she s
a murderer, but locking her up isn't going to do any good. We have
to figure ovt what's happening to her and then cure her. I'm willing
to give her a second chance if it means that the others like her
wont ever need one. I'm fure you want to kill her."

"we're going to kill it, buddy. It, not ‘her," * Adam answered
for me. He's Learned well.

"That makes you the monster. Can't you See that? They're
Sick and Some of them want help. We're dealing with people."

He was hopeless. Could | risk everything | had accomplished
$0 Far just to reach this one deluded idiot? | realize that every
one of uf if important to the cause, but you have to remember
that we are, as Marty put it, only human. Some of uf are going
to be wrong, Imagine if this Fool qot in touch with Gump. He'd have
that Poor bastard letting the monsters run roughshod over his
town, af long af they said they were sorry afterward.

I tried to convince Henderson that we would Leave him alone,
that we didn't have any plans to destroy Sullivan. | underestimated
him. He might be stupid as Far as the war goes, but he knows humanity
all too well. Besides, | should've known that | couldn't Lie to him about
Something that | believed s0 strongly. The next day, Eve lost track
of "Sullivan." It hopped a plane. It probably took Marty with it; his
apartment was abandoned when we returned.

He Left us anote, though. I'm not going to bother to include
it here. Suffice to say that Sullivan wasn't the only monster he
had been in contact with. He had given them all a description of
Adam and me, and had even passed along a description of Adam's
car and his license plate number, He had to warn them before we
killed them, he told us in his note: "I hope this doesn't get you
in trouble, but it's what | have to do."

Try telling that to Adam now that he spends every night wide
awake, ready to spring for the pistol he keeps in his bedside table.
Id stay at his house, but how would we ever explain it to his wife?

If | meet another Marty Henderson, I'll pull the trigger.
Adam has to live with my mistake for the rest of his Life. | just
hope that it's a long and happy one. Have | condemned a good man
to die because of my own Stupidity?

Journal Entry 14

Ive passed along enough of ry Savings to Adam so that he can relocate,
He's gong to move south, The nights arent af long down there. Something
about bem closer to the eqyator; | think. IF knew more qeoyraphy, | Could
say For sure. Ive last a good main ancl its ery onm Fault. The enemy if amongst
uS. How Can we ever hope to win when we Can't even trust our own kind?
How typically human. On the good side, Adar is stil safe and Im watching
his house From a used car | baught yesterday. It Looks like Marty might have
scared the monsters away. If we're lucky, he pamted uf a fo Savage ancl
bloodthirsty that none of them will tangle with uf.

Ive also set up a trust fond for Adam. He 7 have to work
Fulltime, and his kids will get a college education. It's the least |
could do for the man. I've put him under strict orders to stop hunting,

Arrtrupes Toward Yisionarics

A disturbing trend 1 sense on some lists is disdain for
people who watch, who plan, who search for weaknesses in
the enemy's defenses. | hope that this merely indicates that
the fools with short tempers are the same fools who cannot
shut their mouths. Do not let someone goad you into rash
action by questioning your courage. This is doubly true for
someone posting on an anonymous internet forum!

Let me tell you about my experience with people who
do take the long, comprehending view. The prime example
to me is la Communauté Bruxe.

1 will state nothing more revealing about them than lL
already have: their name and their obvious location. Brussels
is, to paraphrase a hunter called Howitzer, "shitty with
bloodsuckers." lt is therefore quite necessary for la
Communauté to keep a low profile. They watch and study, but
do not act. By the standards of Ripsaw or Wrath, they are
useless, no? But their observations have equipped me to take
action in Brussels, action which | hope will turn out to be more
important in the long term than any single rash butchery.

Thanks to the members of la Communauté , | knew one
of the Bruxe vampires' greatest strengths: Their former
control of the police mortuary. The [chief officer?] of the
morgue was one of their slaves. Whenever a body came into the
morgue at night, this officer would assign it a location and
appoint a coroner to perform an autopsy. Of the autopsy
doctors, two of them were blooded as well. These doctors were
the ones who examined corpses that were bled dry. Reports
were filed that made no mention of the missing blood. Indeed,
these doctors were sometimes assigned to corpses that sat up,
shook hands and walked away as soon as they were alone.

1 suppose a walking corpse has a distinct advantage
when it comes to "playing dead." According to la
Communauté, these [subverted? ] doctors usually brought
im a change of clothes for the "dead patient." Once the
creature had walked away, the doctor would replace it with
another corpse, which would eventually be burned after an
"inconclusive" autopsy.

Brussels' vampires apparently have the police firmly
controlled and on the alert for "terrorists." The blood
drinkers hunt in packs of five to six, using a variety of
abilities to secure a common pool of prey. A typical pack
might have one vampire of stunning beauty who acts as
"bait," luring hapless people into an ambush. La Communauté
has observed at least three cases in which vampires were
interrupted at their tasks, either by honest police or (in two
cases) by sorcerers. In all instances, the vampires fled rather
than fight, heading toward crowded areas where the sorcer-
ers (or police) would be less likely to attack.

The controlled coroners, then, were clearly the weak
links in the monsters' chain of deception. | arranged a
release of my three convicts and took them (along with my
guards, of course) to Brussels. lt went well. In all three
cases, access was simple, the corrupted servants were
taken unprepared, and their deaths were not noticed for
some time. We had our work done in six hours. After a steak
dinner, the inmates were back in their cells by midnight.

None of this success would have been possible without
the revolutionary aid of la Communauté . Thanks to the
group's efforts, we knew where the servants lived, when they
came home, when their local postal carriers came by, and the
schedules of their wives and children. We knew which ones
had dogs, how many and of what type. We knew what type
of security devices they had installed and we knew the
deactivation codes. The dogs were put to sleep with tranquil-
ized meat, the security systems were deactivated, the locks
yielded to the attention of Arson and Rape, and the corrupt
morgue attendants largely died in their beds.


Without advance intelligence, these accomplishments
would have been far more difficult. | imagine | would have
needed to liberate the convicts on three separate occasions,
instead on a single day. Getting in would have been harder,
getting out more dangerous, and the police might well have
become involved.

Most importantly, the information from la Communauté
revealed the enemy's weakness. Those agents were vulner-
able and their removal has made hunting in Brussels far
more dangerous for blood drinkers.

So that there is no doubt: | am in favor of taking the
long view.

Journal Entry 16

Finally, Some qood news.

dob arranged a meeting with ane af the people he knmas. Rebecca,
as Il call her, hails From the wrong Side of the tracks. From her attitude,
You would have thought that | was the one From the seamy Side of town.
She looked me over af if | had something to prove and asked me several
qvestions about what | was up to and how it involved her. At the time,
| was Somewhat annoyed by her attitude, but in retrospect | have to
admire it. She is the First one who has approached me af an equal, not
been intimidated by my Superior knowledge or manner.

Rebecca talks a lot about her "homies." Apparently, she has
strony ties to her neighborhood. The main way in which | earned her
trost was by describing to her, in detail, a homeless eye view of her
Stomping grounds. The Fact that | spent time on the street impressed
her, She is concerned with keeping the things out of her neighborhood,

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Brussels Document

Asa translator, | hoped to provide asolution to the
puzzling document made available by Lotus19. The
writing on the paper was no language I knew. I tried to
involve Violin99, but he did not reply. 1 showed it

eptitiously tosome translators, and it defied them as
Pwell. One suggested that it might be an antiquated

‘ussian tribal script, perhaps a Khazar dialect.
~ Intime, | founda historian who could translate the
message, which follows. I apologize that this has taken
so long. The text is difficult. If | am not wrong about
what it says, it suggests the extent of the infiltration of
NATO. Lotus, do you know if the creature from which
you gained this was ever in Kosovo?

"Naming was true. Our [bad smelling?] friend
‘knew. The eastern great tent* held a parent of the
eastern demons. I think the eastern demon was
looking for our weakness. I think the war was its
forest**. If they have sent a parent, they attack.
They want to conquer. I sent the cavalry fire sky. I

responsible. The parent demon died. That is
worth the trouble with the eastern king."

* "Great Tent" indicates a large pavilion, what
a prince might use while traveling.

** "Forest" may be a metaphor for concealment.

Currently, she leads a small group of likeminded individvals. After we
spoke for a while and | earned her trust, she seemed almost relieved
that someone was taking a strategic view of things,

"don't want to have to look after anything outside of my hood, But
IT'S good knowing that you're out there, and not just these fucking things."

While | wish she would look at this as a war, she has done a qood
Job on her chosen battlefield. She rattled off an impressive list of things
that she and her "crew" have taken down. If there are more people
like her ovt there, choosing their qround and domy whatever it takes
to keep monsters off it, this war might be won. | understand that not
everyone Can abandon their Lives for the Fight, Rebecca made it clear
that she can't run away From her sons. She's lucky enovgh that the
father is still around and she doesn't want to give him any reason to
leave. It's for people Like him, her fons and her grandfather that she
STILL works two Jobs to get by and fights this war.

She said, ‘The government's racist, They ain't qonna help vf. The pigs
only Come around to arrest Someone when they need Someone to blame
for crime that happens to white falks. We gotta look ovt for our own."

| admire her attitude. Every hunter like her helps hem the
enemy in. Maybe in the future | can even drive monsters toward her,
knowing that she and her allies will hunt the thing relentlessly. |
don't want to needlessly risk her, but her enthusiasm and skill would
go to waste if she never gets ovt of her neighborhood to apply them,

She told me that not all of the hunters she knows Feel the
same about watching over just their homes. She's going to arrange
another meeting. God bless her.

BysvANDERs

lam perpetually surprised by the contempt | hear for
the unawakened, simply because they do not possess the
sight or capabilities that many of us do. There is a
perception that, since they lack our tricks, they must be of
lesser value. lt makes me wonder if the beasts and sorcerers
do not feel the same about "mere humanity."

As for me, | do not look down on other people in the least,
and | have personal experience on the matter. | have
cultivated some friendships with law enforcement officials.
(Some of them do not care what happens to criminals after
sentencing. Others seem to relish stories of the degradation
and suffering experienced in prison. lt takes very little
embellishment, often none at all, to-satisfy their cravings.)
One evening over brandy, | had finished a story about a
rather extreme [Episode? Incident? Lam not sure what word
he means here.] in my prison. A prisoner was convinced that
the ghosts of his victims had returned to torment him.

As | had hoped, this story sparked a series of similar
ones about [Again, a difficult word. | believe it means
"episodes." ] in their professions. A gentleman involved in
telephone and computer enforcement said he had lost one of
his best agents, whom 1 will call Mister Y. This officer had
been on the trail of a particularly relentless computer
terrorist. At first, the authorities thought they were dealing,
with an extremely sophisticated and advanced program,
since one intrusion occurred over a solid forty-eight hour
period. However, the presence of pauses and typographical
errors seemed to indicate a human mind, or team of them.

Eventually they completed a line trace and tracked the
intrusion to a shed in the farmlands of a neighboring
country. Mister Y contacted the local police and arranged
for a raid, finding only one man there.


Now, the story as told by the [commissioner?] was that
the man in the farmhouse was using drugs to stay awake
and hack continuously, using a bucket toilet to relieve
himself. When the police arrived, he attacked them in a
drug-induced frenzy and managed to escape in one of their
own Cars, never to be recaptured.

Mister Y insisted that he had, in fact, identified the
criminal as [censored], a money launderer who helped the
mainland Chinese Triads gain access to the European
market. The only difficulty was, said criminal was dead,
beaten and dumped on the highway by the Russian mafia.

Mister Y insisted that there had to be a Russian crime
connection to the business that the hacker had been
assaulting, and tried to get a court order to dig up the
criminal's grave. Mister Y was finally discharged after he
was caught digging it up himself, unauthorized.

After this talk, | paid a visit to Mister Y and asked him
about the hacker. He said the grave was empty, and that
even now, forcibly retired from the police department, he
continued the search. He believed he had found the man
operating a questionable internet business in South America.

lL agreed to pay for Mister Y's ticket on one condition:
That he not confront the criminal directly, but contact me
when the man was located.

This evasive suspect, as you may have concluded, was
one of the walking dead. Thanks to Mister Y, Professor Geo
and several of his allies eradicated him. Upon his return to
Europe, | explained to Mister Y that there was more to the
world than he knew. He already had his suspicions, but 1
would not reveal any more.

Uhave since turned to him for information about other
criminals and their connections. Mister Y' s aid has been
inestimable. Perhaps he cannot identify the unnatural
simply by an effort of will, but his mind is sharp and alert,
which is more than can be said for many seemingly chosen
for gifts. Yes, Mister Y is a defenseless person as you might
define one. ls he weak? He is stronger than any of us. ls he
useless? He is a professional at computer crime investiga-
tion. Do our opponents lack bank accounts? Credit cards?
Investments? No power can reveal these secrets to us, but
to him they are an open book.

| guess all the people who were there at the mall are
bystanders, huh? Well, they don't seem to have done
much about it. There haven't been any articles in the
paper about monsters fighting in front of Van Maur. In
fact, mom checked the little crime report section of the
paper. No one said anything. As far as the people there
were concerned -and there must have been, like, adozen
of them - nothing happened at all.

Actually, reading on the lists, | think there are
different kinds of "bystander." (I like that word better
than "pylon.") Some of us hear voices or whatever
and get weird abilities. We all agree on that. But |
think there are some people who are there, who see
all the crap that we do, but who don't do anything.
Like my friend Jen. She knew something weird and
ugly happened, but she just kind of froze. Then there's
the people who don't see anything wrong, and who
go on not knowing just like they've not known all
their lives, like all of us before.

It's been really weird with Jen. At first, she said she
didn't remember anything, but being around mom has
taught mea few things about confronting your feelings.
She started to get pissed off at me for no reason and
accused me of getting her into trouble and stuff - at least
until | started polishing my glasses. | did that once and
noticed that it made her shut up. (By the way, the doctor
says he thinks my eye problem might be getting better or
might be operable. He wants to watch me for a while.)

Then one day after school, she broke down at my
house, right in front of me and mom. She was all scared
and confused by what happened, and we all started
crying. We didn't tell her that mom and | had gone after
stuff since, but we did say we had seen some more, and
that Jen was lucky she hadn't.

| really don't want to tell her about ghosts. | don't
think it would do any good to know just how many there
are around. (Though | did get rid of one. Not the way you
probably think, though. Nathan got me back in touch
with Maurice, and | told his son where the money was.
Now that his son has the money, | haven't seen or heard
anything from Maurice, and Nathan says he hasn't been
around, either. So maybe it's like in "Ghost," where they
take care of their business and can rest after that.)

Anyhow, | drew the sign on Jen to protect her, like
a lucky charm, but it doesn't really cheer her up that
much. She's convinced that the monsters are going to
get her now that she knows their secret. From what I've
read here and on the big list, | think she's got a point.

Burden ro Bear

Journal Entry 18

Adam is dead. | don't know the particulars, but it looks like
he tried hunting on his own, despite my orders. | transferred some
more money to the trust fund | established for him. | called his
wife From a payphone and explained that | was a Friend of her
husband's, that | wanted to make Sure she and the kids were taken
care of. Smart girl. She didn't ask too many questions.

We've watched for long enough. It's time for the monsters to
Pay. And when | say monsters, | say blood drinkers, Skin changers,
Spooks, shamblers, rots and whatever else is ovt there, by whatever
name, It's alfo time for people like Marty Henderson to pay.

Adam died because | let a coward live. | can't allow the
failures among us to make Roderick's death meaningless. I've given
up Far too much to Stand by and Let it all go to waste because
some of uf are too Stupid to see the obvious.

From here on, youre either with me or you're dead.

a



CHAPTERS: OUR FUTURE

And I saw heaven opened, uni behold a white horse; and he
that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteous-

ness he doth judge and make war.

— Revelation 19:11

Lonc-T erm Goats

To: judgmentday.list@hunter-net.org
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Our Next Steps

[There has been a delay in further messages from
Warden. He says he has been observing foreign lists and
assembling his thoughts on our purpose across the world. I
applaud his efforts and suggest that we all do the same in
hopes of finding a larger answer to our common dilemma.]

Lhave seen that Witness] signs his posts with "Win the
Earth." But how can this be done? Some call for a general
war of all "real people" against "the monsters." Can this
be done? If Hitler could rouse the passions of a nation
against Jews and homosexuals, how much easier would it be
to create a crusade against a genuine threat?

In my more optimistic moments, 1 daydream about
such things. But such moral crusades tend to spill over, do
they not? At first, no doubt, it would be attacks on the blood
drinkers and skin changers. But in my prison, l've seen
many witha thirst for blood. Believe me when | tell you that
a strong target's blood is rarely spilled. The most violent
of men do not crave a challenge. They want a victim.

Whatever these beings we see are, they are not victims.

So when the crusade goes poorly, what happens then?
Will an army of people be willing to wait upon our wisdom?
1 doubt it. Without easy victories, the common man has
little patience for anything, let alone war, especially a war

agaist elusive enemies who are difficult to find, and who
are deadly once cornered. Realistically, an all-out war of
humankind against the unknown would be 78% fruitless
chasing and 2% horrifying losses.

Mankind has shown little patience with such results.

Without real threats to battle, would people simply
wait? Or would they turn on their "fifth column" mar-
shals? Awareness of blood slavery would lead to widespread
suspicion. | have seen it in my prison when there are
rumors of a [1 believe the term is "informer" |. People turn
on anyone, but they turn in particular on those they hated
already. The threat of betrayal becomes a pretext for
violence.

In our crusade, | am sure the Albanians would call the
Serbs servants of the dead, while the Serbs would use
NATO's corruption to fling the same accusation back. The
Jews would accuse the Muslims, and vice versa. Black
against white. Foreign against native. We have seen this
before. "He is rich. He must be in league with them. Let us
kill him and redistribute his wealth!" "She is successful
where | failed. She must be in bed with the devils. Let us
show her what a real man is like!"

1 have said in the past that we must not be hasty to
dismiss the unawakened, and | stand by that. But many of
the same people who say "So and so has no place in the fight,
he is blind" are the same ones who call for a religious war
against the unknown. lt is as if the individual person is
worthless, and the abstract mob is infallible.

1 have seen mobs. | am far more likely to trust an
individual than a collective.


HUNYERBOOK: JUDGE

LU think any attempt to raise an army against the beasts
is futile. Possibly worse. We have seen how easily these
creatures can subvert social structures, how readily they
use us one against the other. Our army of revolutionaries
could simply be the deciding factor between any number of
would-be kings.

No, action on that scale is not called for. lt is a blunt
instrument and this calls for a precise one.

The main list is full of talk about big battles and
attacks on creatures, but I've never seen that happening
around here. Maybe my mom and | are the only hunters
in town. After running into that insane woman, I'm not
sure | want to meet any more.

I've seen ghosts and a few of them were dangerous
and mean. But for the worst ones, we turn to Euclio. The
othertimes, it's been moresad than scary. Mothers looking
for lost children. Lovers who just don't know when to quit.
Mom says that for half of them, all they need is therapy.
Nathanis still around and he's a big help with the ones who
don't seem to be really cruel. But there'sa lot of stuff going
on that | don't understand. Something between Nathan
and Euclio. And those soldiers Euclio brought with him the
first time don't seem to be around any more.

Thevampiresarea whole different matter. I'veseena few,
| think, including "Vlad" and his "master." Viad tells me that
there's at least half a dozen around, mostly fighting with each
other. What am | supposed to do, skip school and look for
them? | don't know how to break into a house, and | wouldn't
have any idea how to get past a blood slave, whatever that is.

Does anyone ever wonder if we can win against these
things? | mean, sure, we can fight them and we can kill some
of them. Maybe even a lot of them. But everyone keeps saying
our biggest advantage is surprise. Well, if we get into a long
drawn out war, it's not going to be much of a surprise, is it?

I think they'll be here forever. Most of you probably
don't want to hear that, but | don't think we have what
it takes to get rid of them.

| know they're reasonable, because I've talked with
them. I know they're not unfeeling killers, because Vlad
saved me and I'm probably a threat to him.

Maybe wecan reach some kind of peace with them?

Journal Entry 22

I now have half a dozen hunters under ry command. They look vp
tome, even after what happened to Adam, know that | was not responsible
for the events that led directly te his death, but it was mry own Stupidity
that sent him beyond ery reach. | Cannot help but think of my followers
as children, They need me to demonstrate how to pursue the hut
properly. Some of the more militant ones are too eager to attack withovt
Planning. We know fo Little about the enerry that it's critical for uf to
investigate their capabilities af much af possible. The mformation [ve Found
on the Imntemet if too unreliable. Most reports are contradictory, run
against what Little I've seen, of are too steeped im mrystical babble to be
of any vse. On top of all. that, | have no idea of many posters' intention'.
The only information | can trust is the data collected by my followers.
They know their lives depend on objective, intelligently compiled reports.

I'm comfortable as Leader. My experience in the business world
has served me well in keeping uf a coherent, Functioning mit. Too many
hunters seem to move without proper foresight or planning. Look at
Crosader. | applaud his efforts, and he may have taken a terrible
toll on the enemy, but there's no qvarantee that the damage he
inflicts will have any lasting impact. Do monsters have Some Sort of

hierarchy? IF fo, we must concentrate on eliminating the upper
echelons, throwing the lower ranks into chaos, and cleaning up the
mess that remains. We must not be blinded by body counts.

Most of the ones that we track are little more than solitary
predators. So how are the monsters able to control the medra and
infiltrate f0 many bastions of power? There might be entire "strata"
of monsters that we haven't dealt with yet. Maybe all we're Fighting
are the weak, the disposable, the bottom Feeders. There could be Some
group that can identify the positions in society that offer them
safety and security. They amass money and material qoods to
influence people and buy the ways and means to protect themselves.

le these creatures exist it's my job to direct the hunt against them,
We can't Fall into a rut of picking off targets of opportunity. That's a
trap and | think that my allies would have Fallen into it had | not given
them direction. Adam and Eve fought the monsters af they blundered
across them. The truly powerful ones probably never need to qo ot
into public. These are the ones that we must target. But how?

I'm afraid | have no answers right now, That scares me more
than any monster I've seen.

Too many among uf Focus on philosophizing abovt the hunt. lve seen
mailing Lists hell-bent on answering the unanswerable, chasing their own
tails while the world falls apart around them, It's time for Someone to
step up and take a practical stance on saving uf. | can only hope that
there are others ovt there with the insight to jom me on this mission.

Journal Entry 24

I feel old today.

Rebecca put me in touch with another hunter. We
met, and I think have finally foundsomeone I can trust
to lead in my place, should it ever come to that. I'll call
him David. He is young, yet he possesses wisdom
beyond his years. Like that movie said, "War claims
youth as one of its first casualties." He was intent on
b g of my plans, and offered a lot of good advice. He

with my assessment of the situation and was
to help organize an operation to discover the most
y 1 monsters in our area and destroy them.
_ Davidisintelligentandhasagoodgraspofthe situation.
, lwasjealousofhim. Hecan altera weapon like Eve
Whatuse does that make me ina fight? I can barely fire
1. He also seems to see very clearly, like me.
~ Ithappens in the business world eventually. A hot-
ed youngster comes along to chase the old timers
of the chicken roost. The hunt is no
Yet, I can't help but feel a strong sense of
action. There are others out there capable of seeing
only what must be done, but the proper way to do it.
there are the Marty Hendersons, who deserve
t fate worse than death I can deal them.

y, but it would be wise to
thatthe group would scatter
yguidance. Ifonly I had a dollar for
to end about which monster to
track next or th meaning of such-and-such an event.


UtriMare PLAN

Lhave said before that a great crusade 1s not the way
tw po. Lhave live patience for those who tear down without
offering alternatives, so | propose my "ultimate plan" for
dealing with the unknown. | hope you find it more suitable
than the "final solurion" model

Step One: Education and Observation

What we must do before anything else is learn what we
are fighting! We do more harm than good if we simply flail
around at anything that looks unnatural. | have inter-
preted that some posters believe vampires need blood only
to harness their powers. lf this is so, there could be
countless "non-drinking" vampires living in peace. A
blanket attack on all bloodsuckers is going to alienate
those who might help us against the violent ones. Any error
could be fatal, so we cannot afford a premature act.

L therefore suggest that we spend the next six months
primarily in pursuit of information about the creatures. lam
not saying that we should not protect the defenseless, nor that
we should tolerate those who are a threat. But we must
communicate what we learn with each other, we must archive
our findings, and we must keep those resources secure.

Step Two: Unification and Organization

Once we know what we face, we can organize some form
of coherent resistance. L hesitate lu join the crowd thal
claims to speak for the [Heralds ], but should we not consider
the symbols? ‘Lhis may be the reason we were given them.

When a pool of information has been gathered, we can
perhaps elect representatives to make policy and pick one
"general" vo lead us against the creatures. lf we can agree
to set aside our egos, fears, pride and personal agendas, we
might be able to make a difference. How many have seen
one creature fighting another? Their conflicts can he onr
victories, unless we likewise turn on ourselves. By break-
ing into factions and clinging to our personal grudges, we
lose any chance we had for winning.

Who should "rule"? Whom shall we select as our
leader? 1 have heard some say, "1 will only follow one of the
seers," or, "One who still hears the Messengers should
lead." Still others say, "Only a warrior has the strength
needed to lead." Me, | do not care for amazing accomplish
ments. Indeed, the most powerful of us are generally the
most alienated. Who has heard of the *Aetherian" who can
explode a creature with merely a gesture? What is the
internct name of the woman who sealed the well of demons
in Nellington? These people isolate themselves from us,
They do not care about community, only about the hunt.

These paragons of power cannot lead us. Leadership
comes not from personal might, but from the ability to
reason, persuade and compromise. | will lend my support
to the person who seems most reasonable and who proposes
the best plan, not the one with the most kills or the most
stunning capabilities.

L recommend six months of observation and inrelli-
gence gathering. After that, | propose that we give ourselves
four months to get organized, to elect representatives and
form a coalition. When we have a leader, a hierarchy and
an agenda, we can act.


HUNT ERBOOK: JUDGE

Step Three: Revelation and Bradication

Once we are organized, with leadership and communica-
tion in place, we reveal ourselves to the world. There is reason
to believe that the opposition masters the media. We must
provide signs that cannot be ignored, Our apparent system of
communication shows that they cannot control everything.

lf we drag a demon into the sun in front of a dozen
people, that is a dozen more people who no longer believe
their television. The more proof we can amass, the more
people we can show the way.

Our first action, once an organization is in place,
should be to liberate the media and cleanse it of unnatural
influence. Then the information and evidence we have
amassed can be presented to the people.

When that is done, the monsters' end will surely be near.

Jovrnal Entry 27

| with there were more on the list like Warden, His plans are
found, even if they don't 40 Far @novgh. Warden's concepts cover
the beginning of ovr calling; I've tried to complete his message. Once
the public is made aware of the danger, there is still much to do.
We cannot simply draq the monsters into the light and expect
people to Fall in behind us. | have seen the homeless Feeding off a
monster's scraps, and | have seen fools like Marty Henderson. Many
people will side with the monsters. They're already among ovr
ranks. Why should things be different with humanity af a whole?

Step 3: Self-Investigation

Hunters af a whole seem te be qrowiny stronger, yet there
are still those like Marty and Just Me who refrain from a decisive
course of action. Before any campaign can begin, we must ensure
that all in our "arery" ave prepared for battle. Every Marty
Henderson must be duy up, drayyed before his peers and made to
atone for his crimes against uf. Those who work for the enemy are
the greatest threat to our cause. We must identify them before
the final war against the monsters can begin, We must minimize ovr
liabilities. We'll only get one chance. Once the monsters know about
uf, they'll make every effort to stamp uf out. IF we lose, we're done.
We must therefore ensure that we have the best chance of winning.

Step 4: Assumption of Power

Society's Leaders are only hyean (or f0 Same of them must be). They
can't see monsters for what they are and so can't lead effectively.
They have to be replaced From among ovr own ranks. Only we Can see
the true threat. Once we've purged our own, the remainder will be fit
totake power slowly. Same, Like Rebecca, will wield facial Power, Serving
af important thovgh informal community leaders. Others, who have
Connections to the corridors of Power, must Seek political office. We an
Start with local elections, and maybe one day influence the Senate or
even the White Hovte. We mutt beware of organizations fuch af the
military or judiciary, thovgh, They may be rife with monsters that
we're unable to rerrove with anything short of violence.

Step 5: Revelation and Eradication

Now Warden's plan may come to a close. Once we've
Strengthened ovr ranks, and once people live under informed
quidance, the time will have come to Finish all monsters.

Tue Seates Are Yiprsd

lL cannot tell you how disturbing it is for me to hear talk
of "a war that cannot be won." Things may look grim now,
especially for someone in a city with many vampires and
few awakened, but where there is life, there is hope. If you

think things look bad now, think how bad they were before,
when there might have been none of us. How many monsters
have been stopped by us that otherwise would still kill
today? How many people have been saved from death or,
worse, from slavery?

We did not ask to be dragged into this battle, but here
we are. We cannot give up now, hang our heads and say, "It
is too difficult."

Some hunters place their faith in the next world and
say that the [Heralds] prove to them that a kindly God is
watching over us. | cannot believe so blindly. Would
benevolent creatures give such frightening power to the
evil men of my prison, unless they had some secret plan?
And what of the world your own ghosts describe? lt is no
Heaven or Hell 1 have heard of.

The ugly possibility is this: This world we inhabit may
be all there is for us. Perhaps after death there is nothing
but annihilation. ls this an argument to waste the short
span of existence we are given? | think not.

The call does not charge us to withdraw, pray and
meditate. We are called to fight for this world as hard as
we can. If not for our own sakes, then for the sakes of those
who will follow us.

EXTREMISTS

Jovrnal Entry 28

just re-read my plan From entry 21. I'm starting to Sound like
a Che Guevara or one of those other revolutionaries that were so
im voqve im the ‘GOs. | Shouldn't drink before writing anything here,
though I'm sure | had no more than a glass or two of wine with dinner.

Perhaps I'm just getting emotional. The strain of the part months
has qone beyond anything | ever endured when | ran the business. | have
to take special care to remain calm, Maybe I'll drive into the city and
Stroll through a museum or Something, just to relax for an afternoon,

1 have heard talk of madmen and [extraordinaries? ]
among us, but 1 had not met one until recently. On the
pretext of a vacation with my brother, 1 took a trip to
Luxembourg in search of the fabled "Insect." One of us, a
border guard, had seen something she thought might be the
creature Namh Truang described. She asked me to help her
observe and evaluate.

1 explained that sneaking the convicts out of the
penitentiary was difficult enough without moving them
across borders, and she understood. Nonetheless, she wanted
something of a net around Luxembourg before confronting
the creature. She hoped to alert hunters in all adjacent
areas. Thus, if the Insect escaped her attack, any country
it fled to would have people alert and waiting for it. Instead
of giving it a chance to rest and recover, a second group
might finish it where the first failed.

Her company was very encouraging, as she too felt that
organization and information would be our strongest assets
in our operation. Unfortunately, events intruded upon ideas.

We had located the cluster of children she suspected
of comprising the creature, but closer inspection showed
them to be something else altogether. They were a group of
four youngsters who, to my eyes, had pale and morbid
features. They might have been taken for vampires, except


that they walked by daylight. Yet, 1 could see other signs
of vitality, such as breath, pupil dilation and pulses,

As the border guard and | watched, they approached
another young person. There was something different about
this little boy. lt was nothing monstrous or even obvious, just
an odd sort of vividness. My efforts proved nothing "wrong"
with him alone, but | could see a disturbance as the four
others began speaking with him. His vividness seemed to be
getting brighter, if that is sensible.

At that moment, we encountered the other one uf our
kind, except that she turned out to be wildly excessive in
her actions. At first, we paid her httle attention. She was
just one more person in the park on 4 sunny Saturday. As
she got closer to the children, she broke intu a run. Two of
the "others" looked up just as she reached them. She
grabbed those two, held them close to her, looking for all
the world like a mother sweeping her children into a hug.
Only these children began to burn.

The two free others fled in panic, even as the border
guard and | ran toward the scene. The woman dropped the
two she had held and ran after the escaping pair, her adult
strides quickly catching one and she seized it by the
shoulder. Smoke arose from where she touched. | remember
distinctly that it did not scream. Only a choked rattle arose
from its open mouth until it fell to the ground and
perished, its throat burned shut.

The last "other" child ran into the street and slipped
down a sewer grate before my eyes. lt was gone. Of the first
two the woman had embraced, one was dead. The other was
crawling away as quickly as it could,

1 do not clearly recall what we said as we arrived on the
horrid scene. She was just turning her attention on the
vivid boy. The border yuard stood in her path. | seized the
boy and put him behind me, demanding to know what this
madwoman was about.

She said, "'Lhis city is mine and 1 will cast out any
impure beings who come here. That boy has been touched
by their evil and must be cast our." The "evil" boy was

CHAPTER4: OUR FUTURE

weeping and clinging to my leg, as any child might who seen
his new playmates burned.

At that moment, we heard the sound of police sirens.
Only then did 1 realize that all the people in the park had
fled. The madwoman glared at us and warned that if she saw
us in "her" city again, we would suffer for it. "Those who
have seen and who lack the strength to fight are worse thar
the blind," she said before fleeing on foot.

We gave the police a full description, of course, and
claimed that we thought she had flung acid on the three
children. (Perhaps you have seen the newspaper stories. |
have scanned in the composite sketch of the woman, which
1s attached to this file.)

ly you see this woman, exercise great caution. She
seems capable of anything.

Jovinal Entry 29

My museum plans had to be scrapped. The situation hove Took
a dramatic change for the worse last night.

We have reason to believe that the local government if thorovghly
corrupted by monster inluence. | was discussing fame uf the ideas | wate
about earlier in this journal with David, about how the monsters with true
Power in society ave not likely fo be stalking homeless people in back
alle-ys. It was David's suqgestios that we mvestiyale res tavants nd SoiAL
clube here the inflvential and Powerful gather. If the monsters have
access to humans im Power, wouldn't they gather at the same places? It
was qvite a ypsd idea and not on® that would have occurred fo me.

From my experiences in the business world, the monsters had
a strony yrip there. It appears that their influence extends Io
the political sphere as well. We have not turned up evidence that
any elected of ficial if an actual monster, but we now suspect that
many of them do business wilh Creal ures.

Over the past several niyhts, we've investiqated several
upscale restaurants. David also managed to yet access to a country
club during a Large social Function, He claimed that he had car
trovble and needed to use their phone.

Not every place we visitéd harbored monsters, but there
were some. | faw a rot talking to a member of the mayor's staff.
The public works commissioner's top advisor if not hurvan! Neither
were the police officers hired to man that gate at the country
club. These things truly are everywhere.

Lately, my encounter with the freakish vampire in the alley
has received more press. The police investigation was shoddy at best.
the mayor's relationship with the police union haf always been
Strained. | understand hé did not want to worten it by laying blame
on the force. Most conservative commentators wrole the incident off
at mare gang violence and took the opportunity to take shuts at the
welfare System, In other words, the shooting was laryely overlooked.

Suddenly, things have changed.

Now the Politicot clamor for an in-depth invertigation, "Don't
the homeless deserve equal protection under the law?" they ask.
The Police commissioner has been particularly vocal, demanding
more Funding in order to "nip violence Like this in the bud, before
it spills over into other communities."

This sudden change in the political climate takes on a Cinittor
aspect in Light of what we've Seen in influential circles. Corporations
have lobbyists working on their behalf. What's to stop monsters From
having the came? The government might not @ven know it deals with
Monsters. Creatures or their Pawns could come across af no different
than environmontalists stroyyling le save a Tree Slvq oF af nothing
more than oil company reps who want a tax break. As | Learned in


HUNT ERBQOK: JUDGE

the business world, all it takes is a Few dollars in the right pocket
toget things done. What's to stop the monsters From doing the same?

Such corruption would not exist if we were in charge. We
would see the monsters and eradicate their influence. Politicians
can't. They're too weak to throw off monsters' influence. We must
take charge if the status qvo if to be broken. Society not only
needs vf to defend it, but to lead it. The monsters wouldn't dare
eliminate vs af political rivals. Imagine hunters in control of the
police or city council. The death of anyone in Power would attract
our attention. Imagine if we could link the monsters to Something
like the JFK assassination! The public would Finally be ready to
hear about what seems like an unthinkable conspiracy.

Bot then, my daydreams are tempered with a note of Fear. 'm
worried that an investigation into events at that alley will turn v
Something that Points in my direction. At the very Least, my 4roup
ability to operate may be severely hampered. Our activity cold
come under greater official scrutiny. | Fully expect the police would
be encovrayed to react violently to any activity related to vs.
Imagine if the things are able to draw police protection for their Lairs!

We must accept that some humans are hopelessly deluded. Until
we gain control of the system, we may have to number it among our
enemies. As I've said before, those who do not Stand with me must
be eliminated. That stands for people, not just other hunters.

| Fear that our time to strike with surprise is past. The
monsters are now more alert. | just pray that Marty Henderson
was not Somehow involved in this.

| guess | should have kept my big mouth shut, huh?

| was the one who wrote about never seeing any big
attacks in my hometown. | have now.

Her name was Gina Poundstone. She was a judge of
some kind, and | think she could make people see mon-
sters, just like you and | see them.

Shecameintotownwithagroupofsomestatetroopers
andtwootherguysina van with that symbol | draw-theone
from the web site to this list - spray painted on the side. |
think the two other guys were more of us. They seemed to
understand things. The police didn't quite get it all. | don't
even know if they were real police. One of them said
something about dressing up like that to look like they were
supposed to bein charge incase oftrouble. Allthesame, they
seemed to want to be with Judge Gina for some reason.

Mom talked to the judge. She said she was going to
clean out the city's vampires. | didn't hear how exactly,
but mom seemed to like the idea, as if she could make it
like it was before we started seeing all these things. |
wondered why just vampires, but | didn't want to make
trouble where there wasn't any already.

Mom told Gina about Euclio, and we called him. |
wasn't sure if that was the right thing to do, but mom
thought it was, so | let it go. | don't know, | think mom
was secretly hoping Judge Gina would kill him. Euclio
gave Gina the same line about how it just wanted to get
the dead in their proper place. Gina agreed, but later -
when Euclio wasn't around - she said she knew Euclio
wasaliar, that she didn't feel any need to keep a promise
toa liar. She wanted to know if I'd try to stop her from
getting Euclio when she was done with my town. | told
her! guess! wouldn't. | also thought of pointing out how
all we had to do was call Euclio and he'd appear, like he
could hear everything we said, but | just stayed quiet. |
wish | hadn't. | should have warned her - and mom.

Gina planned to make it a clean sweep, wanted to
know where we'd seen vampires. Mom pulled me out of
school. She figured I'd be safer with her than by myself.

| don't know what those blood people thought when
we showed up at their houses, waving search warrants. |
mean, the highway police sort of made sense, but then there
were normal looking people—me, my mom, a judge andthe
two other guys. | don't even know if Gina could write search
warrants. | guess it doesn't matter, because they were just
distractions. They got the doors open. Sometimes the slaves
fought and the police gunned them down. Sometimes the
slaves just hid. Other times they surrendered. But we got to
four vampires. It was so bizarre. One was ina big house right
by this community center? There was a park and swimming
pool and library. We dragged him out into the sun and he
caught fire. The smoke drifted out over the pool where |
learned to swim, and no one knew. The whole town was
blind to what we were doing, like they didn't want to see.

| was terrified that we'd find Donald, but we didn't.

The last vampire jumped up off the bed as soon as we
came into his room. He yelled at us, showing his fangs,
and most of the police ran. The ones who stayed and the
judge started shooting. Not even that killed him, but
mom pushed him back while the others kept shooting.
When they were done, Gina got in close to the vampire
while the two other hunter guys stood there with stakes.
Gina seemed to be talking to him, but | couldn't hear what
she said. She just seemed real focused on him.

When she was done, she came up to me and mom
and said there was another of them, a big one that was
outside of town at the quarry. Gina wanted to kill it.

| didn't look at what the two guys with stakes did to that
vampire guy. That's when | realized that Euclio was there. He
just stood aside and watched. No one seemed to see him but
me. Maybe he wanted it that way. | think he was smiling, but
with that dried tight skin, he always looked like he was smiling.

| wasn't sure about going after anything outside of
town. | asked Gina if she was done. Shecleaned upthetown
like she wanted, but she said the last one had to be dealt
with to finish the job. | didn't like it, but mom seemed
relieved to hear that our home would be safe for once, so
| didn't argue. | just wanted to make sure she'd be okay.

Gina talked to the cops that had freaked out and she
seemed to calm them down. She seemed real good at
that. Was | the only one who noticed?

Anyway, the cops got lamps and stuff from town. The
quarry was out by the highway. Judge Gina knew right
where to go. Way down at the bottom of this tunnel. Weird
thing is, there was no one around, even though machines
were sitting around and everything worked. When we got
to the bottom we found things down there - people, a pile
of dead people. Maybe they were the people who worked
there or people who were driving by or hitchhikers.

| threw up. So did some of the cops.

The tunnel came to a dead end pretty quick. There was
nowhere to go, so Gina told the cops to start moving bodies.
She thought the big vampire might be hiding under them.
| couldn't do it. | couldn't touch them. | was standing back,
solsawthe mist come out of the pile. Just like this long cloud
of smoke? That's when one of the cops started screaming.
Then blood poured out of his mouth and eyes. It floated
through the air, into the mist, and the mist was turning red.


The police guys ran. Mom tried to push it back, but
she couldn't. | think she just stopped it for a while. People
started shooting. It was so loud in there. | could almost
see a face in the mist - eyes, teeth. Then it happened to
Judge Gina. The blood poured out of her and into it.

| grabbed my mom's hand and started running, She
fell down and acted like she couldn't see. That's when |
realized the flashlights had gone out. | could see, but
mom couldn't. She didn't know what was going on.

We left the others behind. | could hearthem screaming
whenwegottotheelevator. When thedoor opened, | heard
avoice behind us say"He's coming." It was Euclioand he was
really smiling this time. Mom must have recognized his
voice, because she started screaming at him.

Euclio said something about joining him. Mom was
right. We never should have trusted him. | wish I'd killed
him when we first saw him at the cemetery. | dragged
mom toward the elevator and hit the button inside. Euclio
grabbed her other arm. It was like we were fighting over
her, and the doors were closing. Thats when it happened.
Mom kind of looked past me, like she was searching for me
in the dark. She said she loved me, then pulled herself out
of my hand, and the doors closed. | pounded on the door
and hit the buttons, but nothing happened. | went up.

The news hada story for everything. They said the police
found out about a militia group that had explosives hidden in
the quarry, where one of the militia people worked. There was
anexplosion orsomething. Ginaandthcotherguyswere never
even named. Mom was never mentioned in the article, either,
The newspaper claimed she was found dead at a car accident.

| don'tcare. | know what really happened. Who really
did it all. But | don't care anymore. | let my mother die.

Now they tell me I have to go back and live with my
dad and his new wife. | want to kill myself for not dying,
too. This is my last post. Please unsubscribe me. | don't
want to be this anymore.

Justine

Desezur

Journal Entry 30

Just Me has Finally Left the list. Iknew that the girl's story
would énd in tragedy. Ironic, ifm 't it, that the's driven From the
hunt by a monster that she trested? Her mother if dead and I'm
sure she blames the cresadiny judye for it, rather than her own
stupidity in dealing with the enemy.

| dare not criticre her openly. she has sacrificed a great deal for the
hunt, even iF it was only becase of her own Mistakes. | Feel the pull of 4
new calling coming to me. There are some battles that others might not
have the Stomach for, yet Someone must fight them. fo this entry if for
the one | call David in This journal. I'm going To Leave you Soon, but | won't
abandon You without my wisdom. There if much for You and the others that
whl come later te lean abort the hunt ane ovr responsibility in it.

Learn From this Judge Poundstone's mistake. We cannot let ovr
initial successes color ovr Judgment. IF you've Studied history, you've
Seen that more conqverors have been undone by overconfidence
than by a brilliant enemy. When we meet the enemy on ovr terms,
we Can win, We Can't hope to win a battle Fought im the enemy's
Stronghold when we don't know what to expect. Knowledge if
Power in this war. Look to the qverrilla Fighters of past wars, the
Viet Cong, the resistance movements of World War Two. They fought
Superior En€miés and won. We are in a similar situation. We dare not
reveal ourselves. We are Surrounded by the enemy and its minions.

CHAPTERS: OUR FUT URE I

We cannot enter a battle unless we know exactly what we're
getting into. The early stages of any war are critical, Each loss we
endure now will affect us for years to come. Sometimes we'll have
to be content with minor victories. Small trivmphs can ayickly
degenerate into major defeats if we push ourselves too Far. Don't
yet over Anxious. The crusaders doubtless will be, and it's easy tu
Convince yourself that you're unbeatable. But always remember
what happened to Adam. You never met him, but Ill carry the quilt
of his death to my grave. This Poundstone would have been a major
@SSET in The war And now she's dead and useless. You mutt strike
a careful balance between your confidence and judqment. Don't be
afraid to strike, but don't be afraid to hold back, either.

An extension of this Lesson is that we must nurse our resources.
This if a war, not just one battle. Think two or three battles ahead
until the final one. We can't risk all our resources im one Conflict, Most
importantly, don't be qvick to ritk yourself. Again, I'm quilty of this.
| want to be at the ts ont line, making a real difference. But my
Strength and your if in planning, Coordinating and Leading. There are
times when you rust Swallow your pride and lead From the rear. IF
you're a strong leader and have won the faith of your people, they
won't think less of you for it. You have to put Faith in the others.
IE you insist on Looking over their shoulders all the time, microranaging
Iheir every Move, Youll qickly lose their respect. IF your plan if
Solid and Your leadership effective, you won 't need to do that. Have
faith in yourself, but also have faith in others.

My final advice concerns other hunters. You'll only be af
effective as those who follow you. When You meet a new hunter,
watch him, Do not confide in him or reveal any of Your secrets. We
hunters are all too human. Some are lazy. Some are incompetent.
Others, Such af Marty Henderson, work with the enemy against our
cause, Remember what | Learned From him. | don't want you to learn
that lesson firsthand. It's easy to see every potential helper as
a benefactor. It's a long and lonely road that Lies ahead, Each person
who joins ovr cause should make our struggle that much easier. Don't
bother with those who only get in Your way.

Youre the leader. Remember that. At times, you'll fool the
weight of the world on your shoulders. Everyone in our group will
look to you for quidance and approval. You must live your Life for
them, not Jost yourself, Think of yourself af a parent leading
children through a hostile world. You must care for them not only
bodily, but must tend to their heart? and fouls, And if you recoqni7e
Som@one who would do a better job of leading than you, step aside.
It's all too easy to listen to your ego and convince yourself that
only You are fit to Lead. | debated long and hard about even letting

you into my grovp, but | have Faith in you. You're young and bold,
Ie old and set In my ways, but | know enough to step down.

Good Luck.

Journal Entry 31

A most unusual encounter in the park tuday,

| was in town checking vp on Eve and the others when | had
tome Free time ta kill | vomemhored my plans te ge te a mvfeve
oF do Something to clear my head, fo | decided to go ovt to the park.

That's where | met Thomas. A doubting Thomas.

| sat on a bench to rest for a bit. And af soon as | had taken
a Seat, he was there next to me.

"This is, despite all the crime at night, one of the safest places
to talk about monsters," he said to me. Just like that, as if our duty
was Something you Could chitchat about while strolling around in Public.

"Ive been following you for the past Few weeks, trying to
Figure out just what it if you're up to, The way | see it, we're
just af much a mystery as they are,' he said.


ERBOOK: JUDGE

I regained my composure lony enovgh to make sure that he
was human and that there was no one else around.

"Who are You and what do you want with me?" | asked.

"What aml would probably be amore important qyestion, thovgh not
af important af what you are. | Saw what you did to that Henderson kid.
He could have been am asset to >you, you know. You Sure bumgled that one."

| was immediately enraged. If I'd had a weapon | would have
used it right then and there, to hell with the consequences.

"Look, | don't want to yet involved in your Little crusade, but
you're starting to make more noite than you need to. If you want
to start chucking nuclear bombs, you better be ready to deal with
the Fallovt. Conflicts don't end when the Last bullet's fired. Once
the violence if over, things start to get really nasty.

"Hos da Yor know abovt me? What makes yoy fo fvre of
yourself?" | was Stunned that this man could accost me Like this
and then dare to question my decisions.

"TU tell you this much, you haven't pulled off anything that | did't
See coming and I've been keeping tabs on Your people longer than you
have. I've also Seen more monsters in one night than you've seen in the
past year. IF you really think a wham, bar, thank you ma'am war if going
to Solve this, you're mistaken. Step back and ask yourself why we're here,
Why is this happening? You Said on the List that you don't Like asking those
kinds of qvestions. Maybe that's exactly why you need to start."

He gave me a card with an e-mail address and said to keep
in touch. Then he was gone. | should have followed him, but his
tirade caught me flat-footed.

After a while, | came to some conclusions.

Hs criminal that Someone who claims to have that much information
would hold rt back. He's supposedly seen all these monsters, fo what if he
doi about it? He wasn't a monster, | could see that much, fo parkaps he's

one of their agents. What would have happened to me if instead of killing
"Roderick" | had looked the other way and Let him Live? | might have even
worked with him, protected him From others who would harm him,

We're too Few to endure any dissension within our ranks, We
Stand and die together. Any who detract From our mission are
working with the enemy and should be treated af such.

This task grows ever more burdensome. | can't sleep, | Feel
restless and | often find myself slipping into daydreams or
overcome with a sudden uncontrolled raye. | smashed up the
kitchen in the lodge before | sat down to write this.

What's happening? Don't | have enovgh trovbles with the monsters?
To: Ccensored]

From: Solomon
Subject: Inherit the Farth!

HPs important that we understand what's at stake here. Now that the
war if nderay, It Can Ord none of twoways: Ether we destroy the monsters
or the monsters destroy vs. Once they know we're a threat, don't expect
them to show uf any mercy. Obviously humanity af a whole poses no threat
to them They contra. the government, the media, the economy, Everything,
What Few people hald ary power are their puppets, wittingry or not.

We have tools for dealing with monsters. On the other hand, we have
no special advantages when dealing with other people. My special sight shows
me nothing abort Someone's personality. My capabilities that can affect
creatures are useless against normal people. Trust me, Ive tried. A cop with
a gun Could kill one of us. Our Powers seem to be Intended for use ayainst
monsters, not our Fellow man. Dur place is therefore at the head of humanity,
leading the fight. We can't fight society, fo we must direct it.

Some ask if this really has to be a war. Why must we reclaim
the world from the monsters? Isn't it enough to simply punish
these whe take advantage ef people and leave it at that?


You might remember my Story of the Avdus Industries waste-dispotal
Plant, There was a monster asking about it a while back. | never tracked
that monster, though | have madé an effort To look for if Since. When | First
encomtered it | was disorganized. My resources were too limited for me
to devote all of pry time to a single creature, Well, it appears that | may
have made a qrave eastake, Two night ¢-age, the Ardus Plant suffered what
has been dubbed a "severe operational disturbance.' The press hasn't
Provided much detail (as always seems to happen when monsters are
involved), but it looks as if the plant will be ovt of operation indefinitely.
Contacts in that area reported what Somded like am extended qm battle,
The press wrote it off as gang violence, yet my reliable informant told
we thal was rubbish, From the Sound of it, she was certain that it was a
very Large fight, mvolumg several automatic weapons amd perhaps even
explosives. Firepower Uke that wovldn't be ovt on the streets for five
minutes withovt her or one of her people hearing about it.

My theory if that the Ardus quard fought monstrous attackers.
Obviovsly the Monsters won, becavse the plant has been shut down,
Ihave considered contacting Ardus anonymously and of fering ery help
im tracking down the attackers, but | don't think that's Feasible. No
doubt Ardus has been paid off by the powers that be to stay qyiet.
My business experience says that if the company had truly been hurt
financially, they would have made a Stink about it.

What that means is the city if now paying alot more money
for waste disposal, money that covld have gone to edvcation, the
elderly or the police department. A lot of people are out of work,
and most of them have slim hopes of yettiny work with another
company that paid af well as Ardus. As | wrote before, Ardus made
a yreat effort to recrvit workers From impoverished areas.

Think abovt that for a moment, My hometown has been damaged
in countless ways by this one incident. The loss of the plant will affect
the economy for years, What are the chances that any other
corporation is going to move into the area after what happened here?

Situations like this demonstrate why we rust take the world back
from the monsters. How often have they held us back? We hear that
there if enough Food, water and medicine available te meet the needs
of everyone on Farth, yet that doesn' +t happen. Water gets "Polluted,"
"rebels" ambush convoys, ‘protestors' riot. How often have the monsters
been behind these things? How much proyress has been denied to the
human race because of these things? Who's To fay how many Times 9
Person has come up with a brilliant plan or invention that would advance
v5, only fo have the Monsters sPep in and rin any Chance of it takiny
root? Perhaps thofe crackpot Inventions they mention in the tabloids
— cars that run on water, herbal cures for cancer — ave actually
ovt there, suppressed by monsters intent on keeping uf down. We're
cowed, brutalized and violated at their whie, The less change thal
occurs, the better their chance of keeping uf im Line.

The "progress" we've made may have been achieved only with
their approval. They might assess each step we take forward, analyze
how it will affect their control over vf and either kill it or allow it
to Proceed. Think of the space proyram. If Took v5 ten years to put
a man on the moon. Now, thirty years later, we've qone no further.
Perhaps the monsters allowed uf to toy with space, but then reined
uf In ag they considered what we could possibly achieve.

We don't fight for this world. We Fight for the worlds that
may havé been, and for The world whith could be.

Journal Entry 32

This is my Final entry. David, | wish you luck. Eve, of anyone
else reading this, | leave you im capable hands. Treat David with
the same respect that you've Shown me.

CHAPTERS: OUR FUT URE

| Feel younger than ever. The world if mine to change in a
deep and meaningful way. future generations will look vpon uf af
heroes. Live vp to that mantle. I've never been So provd af | am
today. Months ago, I'd never have dreamed that | would eel safe
leaving Yov to carry on the fight yourselves, | have Seen yov 4row
and | have seen you Learn. Im proud of you.

| must now prepare for adifferent war. There are those who would,
destroy you. They are worse than the monsters, because we can't fee
them with our gifts, The weapons we've been given won't work aqainct
them. Bullets, knives and bombs can't Stop their assault. They'd corrupt
Your very Soul and destroy your will to fight. | have appended here
my Last message To a mailing list that | was a part of. | have Saved ran
of the important messages From that list om this computer, Share them
with the group fo that they may understand this Fight, fo that they
may know who our true enemies are,

Do not stop fighting the monsters. That's your battle. This is
mine, and you know me well énovgh to understand that | won't lose.

[havé sent the contents of this File to the one | called Thor*as.
Perhaps all this will help him see the truth of ovr stroggle and join
the cause. IF he doesn't, then at Least he knows to fear me.

Gottarse

To: [censored]
From: Solomon
Subject: Last Post

This is my last e-mail to the list. I have much work
todoand I have no more time to attend to the mail sent
here. Most of it ends up in my trash folder, anyway.

Some of you have tead Just Me's story elsewhere
and undoubtedly have been swayed by her words. She
hasconvinced you that monsters are notall monstrous,
that this war cannot be won through force of arms.

It is to you that I address this message.

The ranks of my followers are growing. We track

| rots, blood drinkers and shamblers. If I were to give

e word, we would take a terrible toll upon the

| creatures in our area. But I am not going to do that.

- Thave discovered who the enemy truly is. Over

these past months, only one man under my leader-

ship has died. He was not killed by a monster.
| Another hunter sent him to his fate.

We have lost track of only one monster. A hunter
tipped the creature off. Who knows what crimes it has
committed now that it has escaped our watchful eye.

Even as the community of hunters grows, so too
does corruption within our ranks. This muststop. Weare
too few to allow any inner weaknesses to hinder us. This
war can only end with the destruction of either the
monsters or us. | intend to win, no matter what the cost.

Tam leaving my followers now — they are strong
enough to continue the hunt without me — because
I embark on an altogether different sort of hunt.

Those who would consort with the enemy now have
reason tofear the day muchas the righteous fear the night.



CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

Then hear thou from heaven, and do, and judge thy servants, by
requiting the wicked, by recompensing his way upon his own head; and by
justifying the righteous, by giving him according to his righteousness.

— 2 Chronicles 6:23

As a Judge, your character bears perhaps the greatest
burden ofall Zealots, and maybe even of all imbued. His role
is not founded on personal goals or agendas, such as the
Avenger's taste for revenge or the Defender's desire to
protect those close tohim. Although your character upholds
Zeal, he does not apply it with wrath or selfishness. He must
approach it impartially. For him, this Virtue isa tool brought
to bear when abominations, the corrupt and wrongdoers are
revealed and must be punished for their crimes against
humanity. Your character is cool, calculating and expedient
when higher justice must be served, and Zeal is its sword.

And yet, your character's role is not based on abun-
dant altruism, either, such as the Innocent's compulsion
to reconcile humans and creatures, or the Redeemer's
hope to offer salvation. Your character decides the fate of
creatures. It's not his place to reform or comfort them.

Your Judge's role is forced upon him rather than
chosen or accepted. He understands monstrosities, the
huntand his place among themasan imperative, asa duty
imposed through lofty concepts of Right and Wrong to
which he feels obliged or beholden. Perhaps his worldview
is black and white, with strictly good and bad acts and
beings. Maybe he is forgiving and recognizes some actions
as products of circumstance, not always personal choice.

Whether the Messengers representorserve these higher
truths doesn't matter. There is no "I choose" or "I wish" for
your character, only "I must" and "I will." The Judge's role is

clear because it has to be done in the name of all things good
and proper, and that has to be enough for him. What else in
this twisted, foul world can your character uphold as true if
not his own highest values? And if he can't swear by those
ideals, how can he measure himself or others by them?

Your character's mission and sense of duty are
captured in the new Traits, edges, systems and rules of
this chapter. These mechanics make the arbiter's role
concrete in actual play and help establish him in your
unfolding chronicle. This is not to say that the follow-
ing qualities and powers are exclusive to Judges. Other
imbued can possess these Traits. They are simply most
applicable to lawgivers and may spread among the rest
of the imbued in time as Judges bring their law to the
people, whether individually or to the masses.

CREATING JUDGES

Judges are often people who were decision-makers
and leaders before. They could have been team captains,
business people, organizers or parents. In normal life,
they understood that there were rules that had to be
obeyed or at least observed for people to get along and
for life to proceed to the benefit of everyone.

These qualities may have meant that your character
didn't steal or lie or cheat or betray his friends. Or perhaps
they meant that he always fulfilled his responsibilities,


HUNTER BOOK:

was there when people needed him, or that he set himself
as a role model for action. Ultimately, he was the person
first and foremost subject to his own code of honor and
ethics, and by holding himself true, he expected everyone
else to fall in line. That was the right thing to do, after all.

Now that your character knows the truth about the
world, his values haven't changed. In fact, they're more
important than ever. If this world is going to be turned around,
ithas tobe because the badare set apart from the good, because
the monsters are picked from the moral. Those who can't do
therightthingmust be identifiedanddealtwithsothatthe rest
may enjoy mutual respect and trust. Whether your character
has ever put it into words before, he's believed in this necessity
all his life. Since he's always lived this maxim, he's the best to
distinguish wrong from right. Perhaps his life from before has

simply led up to this moment.

New Arcueryess

The following Traits may be added to your game as
Natures and Demeanors.

Absubicaror

The Adjudicator is a natural and ready problem-
solver. She seeks to resolve issues, differences and difficulties
as a function of personality and identity, not out of any
effort to achieve a specific end or to fulfill a greater goal.
Her first instinct is to settle a dispute by hearing out the
parties involved, or simply by offering advice or counsel.
That others petition or welcome her guidance is not her
concern, just that she tries to solve the problem at hand.
Adjudicators can be teachers, parents, business profession-
als, counselors, ministers or simply busybodies.

— Regain Willpower whenever you provide a solu-
tion toaproblem that results in an immediate resolution.
Sroie

The Stoic seeks to remain emotionally composed at
almost all times. Problems are solved and dilemmas are
faced through composure and a cool head, not with
hysterics or passion. The Stoic deals strictly with the
facts before him and tries not to let his own or others'
emotions sway the course of action that reason and calm
indicate as the most efficient, economical or effective.
Military men, physicians and criminals could be Stoics.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you
overcome a serious setback or loss without giving in to
anger or other strong emotions.

NonParvisan

The Nonpartisan deals with people and information and
enterssituations withoutpreconceived notions. She measures
people on what they say and do, not by their origins, appear-
ances or mannerisms, allowing all an opportunity to show
their stripes before determining how they should be dealt
with. Rumor, information or intelligence israrely takenatface
value unless the source is impeccable. This is not to say that
sheactswithout planningorcannotbe impetuous, simply that
she accepts few facts without testing them herself.

—Regain Willpower whenever your resistance of popu-
larsentimentorbeliefaboutacreature orsituation is vindicated.

Junce Camps

Judges are the practical decision-makers and some-
times leaders of the imbued, whether they claim those
positions for themselves or rise to them by virtue of
planning, analyzing and seeking answers instead of acting
rashly or being paralyzed by choices. They weigh the
issues at stake in any situation, whether to kill a hapless
person possessed by a raging spirit or to spare a blood-
sucker who had no choice in her condition. They perceive
right and wrong action and measure them in monsters
and other hunters, not by choice but by moral, ethical or
spiritual imperative. Such are the marshals' tasks, and
fulfilling them embodies the loose code of the creed.

Individual Judges approach their obligations and duties
very differently, though. Some uphold their values as near-
unattainable guides for behavior and thought. If a creature
or person cannot achieve those ideals, they are deemed
guilty and must be punished. Other lawgivers do not hold
the bar quite so high. They recognize the fallibility of
humans and perhaps even of the creatures of the night. The
latter are clearly more malicious and abusive, but humanity
is capable of its own depravity, so monsters cannot be
measured too harshly or the Judge risks hypocrisy. Some
arbiters are even forgiving of the sins of man and monster,
believing that the two are one and the same. These Judges
weigh the actions of creatures as if they're peers, not abomi-
nations. At least, "monsters" are no more so than any person
can be, so all must be viewed on their own merit, not by any
preconceived notions or biases. These three camps are
called conservative, moderate and liberal, respectively.
ConseRvarive

Conservative Judges take a very hard line on right
and wrong, virtuous and corrupt, good and bad. There are
no shades of gray between the two on any level or in any
circumstance. There is only the correct course of action,
which is probably defined by a very narrow set of terms
such as austerity, respect, charity and goodwill. And
there is the wrong choice, thought or action, which can
be anything that falls short of that extreme set of ideals.
The conservative may set a strict regimen for his own
behavior to embody the values he upholds, making
himself a living example of the rules he imposes on
others. Or he might aspire to these goals in hopes of
becoming a better person in contrast to the harshness of
the world, or perhaps to atone for some past failing. The
latter Judge makes decrees upon others in hopes of
convincing them to follow his course, thus spreading the
effort to become idealized people in a degenerate reality.

Whether the hard-liner approaches his role from a
religious or temporal perspective depends on his back-
ground. Religion might dictate his terms of right and wrong
and allow no room for dissension, perhaps not even from a
follower of another faith. A strict, religiously inspired Judge


might believe that sending corrupt souls to Hell is best for
the world, and he might condemn a hunter of another faith
who believes in redeeming such lost souls while they're still
on Earth. Or the conservative might establish his guides for
behavior based on offenses committed against him or those
around him in life — maybe even at the imbuing. Crime,
neglect, infringement or even ill intent cannot be tolerated
because they caused so much harm before. Now the Judge has
the power to do something about them.

Although they are extreme, hardcore Judges are
not Avengers. The vengeful assault perceived enemies
without a second thought and without remorse. Dogged
Judges evaluate all subjects before enforcing any pun-
ishment, to at least allow a creature a chance — albeit
a small one — for salvation. They may not relish
delivering punishment, either; doing harm or destroy-
ing may simply be an unavoidable necessity.

These Judges are often set in their ways before being
imbued. They may have been headstrong or opinion-
ated. They might have gotten their way because they
had power or position, as with an authoritative business
leader, politician, police officer or even bully. Or a
conservative arbiter might have held high standards
previously in life, but never had the leverage, weight or
opportunity to impose them — until now.

Favored Attributes: Like all Judges, these people
rely on Perception and Intelligence to recognize and
identify transgressions. They need Strength and Endur-
ance to back up their authority.

Favored Abilities: Talents such as Expression,
Intimidation, Leadership and Subterfuge are important
for recognizing and contending with offenders, and for
organizing other imbued according to the conservative's
code. Knowledges are less important to someone who
simply knows right from wrong.

Favored Backgrounds: Allies, Bystanders, Des-
tiny, Grace Under Pressure (see p. 71), Influence and
Steel Nerves (see p. 73) are important to Judges who
have clear perceptions of the world's denizens, and a
plan for how to segregate them.

Other Favored Paths: Beyond following the Judg-
ment path, these people often turn to Vengeance and
Defense edges as weapons for the cause. Innocence and
Vision powers are useless when one doesn't deny or
question one's course or enemies.

Moberare

The moderate Judge upholds values or goals as ideals in
lifeand the hunt, and he measures people and the world from
this frame of reference. He might put faith in honesty,
honor, duty or temperance. He recognizes, however, that
those are his ethics. Though others should uphold them as
well for the betterment of society and mankind, not every-
one does or even can. It's within human capacity to lie,
betray and neglect. These sins have always existed and
always will. Their embodiment and proliferation by the

CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

monsters of the world will ensure that. People therefore
really aren't that different from monsters.

And yet, humanity is capable of far better. Anyone can
intellectually understand that crime, abuse and sin are wrong.
Avoiding them can be a simple exercise. One always has
choices, whether to commit a wrong or to do what's right.
Choice iswhat separates humansfrom monsters. Whereas the
latter seem determined to commit evil, the former can rise
above it if they decide to. After all, if monsters could do the
right thing, too, why would they hide their existence, lurk at
night and prey upon their potential betters? Perhaps they're
simply people who have made the wrong choices too many
times and now can't stop themselves.

The moderate Judge is therefore constantly faced with
decisions and uncertainties. Not only must he try to do his
best and follow his own morals, he must hope that others do
too, and decide when they succeed or fail. Unfortunately,
most people — and certainly monsters —fail. The low road
is easier to take in any situation, and doing so usually leads
to more paths of least resistance — and eventually to
habitual depredation. If the monsters of the world didn't
blaze those trails, they have certainly paved them since.

The best a moderate Judge can do is strive for the
high road and lead others on the same path. Some might
need a hand up along the way. Others might fall. These
mediators simply shepherd other people along and
watch for the wolf waiting hungrily in the shadows.

The truly difficult partis, when does a person or monster
unremittingly defy the values a Judge cherishes, and when
can punishment be meted out? Ethics are codes of behavior,
so defying them should be obvious. Yet, forgiveness or
compassion might bring a person or even a monster back
ontothe high road. Ifpunishment is not delivered, however,
and ideals are altered to suit an individual or situation, they
aren't rules or ethics any longer. The moderate Judge
therefore wrestles constantly with the definitions of right
and wrong. He has personal concepts of what those are, but
do his ideas apply to everyone at all times?

These Judges were often counselors, aides or parents
in life before. They sought to help others make the right
choices, but didn't decide for them; that would have
defied personal choice. The imbuing makes such an
outlook all the more demanding because the stakes are so
much higher. Where misjudgment or bad counsel could
result in a setback or downturn before, it can make the
difference between a saved soul and a damned one now.

Favored Attributes: Perception and Intelligence are
important, as ever, to know when a person is in danger of
falling or if a creature is capable of salvation. Wits can
make the difference between suspecting and knowing,
however. Charisma can set someone back on the right
course. Manipulation can trick her into playing her hand.

Favored Abilities: Intuition is valuable for inter-
preting people's and monsters' intentions, whereas
Knowledges such as Academics, Politics and Law estab-


HUNTERBOOK:

lish a record of human failings and vices, reinforcing a
personal sense of what's right and wrong. Investigation
helps confirm on which side of the line a subject falls.

Favored Backgrounds: Exposure, Fame and Resources
are likely to reveal the best and worst of the human
condition — what generosity and graciousness people are
capable of, and what greed and vanity people can demon-
strate. Having a Mentor often colors one's concept of the
world, depending upon that person's take on things.

Other Favored Paths: After Judgment, Redemp-
tion edges are useful for evaluating the light and dark
sides of an identity. Vision powers can help a moderate
arbiter decide what the best course to take is, whether
as a leader or presiding judge, jury and possibly execu-
tioner. Martyrdom powers hold little appeal. It makes
no sense to punish oneself for another's sins.

LiBeRat

The liberal Judge literally has no preconceived no-
tions about right or wrong, virtue or vice, human or
"monster." Her world is a range of moral grays, never
blacks or whites. How can there be any overriding immu-
table truths or wrongs when everyone's situation and
needs are different? No single person can decide what's
right for another without investigating that person's
predicament, without walking a mile in his shoes.

The tolerant Judge seeks to weigh the best answer in
each individual situation, aspiring to the greatest good
atall times. She is therefore a believer in "morals" rather
than "ethics" — an individual sense of what is accept-
able and unacceptable versus one delivered from on
high. Virtue and sin are therefore valid on a case-by-
case basis only. A tyrant who commits genocide for
political support or out of pure hatred is evil. A person
who kills in self-defense or to stop a mass murderer from
continuing his spree acts for the greater good.

The danger of this free-thinking outlook means that the
liberal Judge must face the consequences of her decisions.
She has no ane hur herself ta hlame when she makes an
incorrect decision or choice. An apparent mass murderer
might actually have condemned a group of greater offenders;
their crimes were simply not immediately apparent. A blood
diinker spaied now because it strives not to kill might go on
to murder savagely when its hunger overwhelms it. The
open-minded Judge does her best on the mission, but bears
a terrible burden when her efforts or intuition fails.

These evaluators are not inclined to become leaders of
the imbued, because leading means delivering their own
values or determining the perceptions of others. Liberals are
more comfortable as subordinates and confidants who can
offer alternative points of view and perhaps broad insights.
Awareness and corroboration of a being's behavior are
important to these people, but intuition is just as valuable.
"Evidence" such as bloody walls with which a ghost tor-
ments homeowners doesn't make a haunting unjust if the
inhabitants killed the person whose spirit haunts them.

These Judges take little to no pleasure from the
hunt. Every day and night presents new choices to make
and fates to decide. It would all be much easier if such
aJudge could abide by a strict set of values and condemn
all who fail to meet them. But liberal Judges often
recognize uncertainty about their own values, and about
how ta decide what the ideal choice is in any situation.
They just do what they can and hope for the best. When
they're true to themselves, the best often results.

Although they seek to bring an unblemished eye to
the hunt, liberal Judges are not Innocents. Whereas Inno-
cents hope for the best from other people and beings,
sometimes to a fault, open-minded Judges offer only so
much latitude. These arbiters can quickly decide that the
greater good is served when a being is simply not a part of
it, whether that means a situation, a locale or this world.
There are rarely second chances with these people, be-
cause condemnation by them usually means some heinous
or remorseless act has already been committed. That's
when the liberal can be as determined as the conservative.

Tolerant Judges were typically open to new ideas or
possibilities earlier in life. They might have been teachers,
scientists, optimistic youths or religious devotees. Liberal
Judges can also previously have been hard-cases — people
with little regard for the world or humanity in general —
whose viewpoints are turned inside out when the extent of
corruption ismade clear. Maybe humanity hasbeen deserving
all along once compared to the depths to which it could fall.

Favored Attributes: Perception and Intelligence
are important, as with the other camps. Charisma and
Manipulation are also useful in helping or tricking
beings into accepting or fulfilling the greater good.

Favored Abilities: Expression is ideal for persuad-
ing a creature to understand the harm of its ways,
though Skills such as Drive, Survival and Stealth are
effective when a thing won't see the light.

Favored Backgrounds: Allies, Arsenal and Con-
tacts are all useful Traits when one's approach to rhe
hunt involves a degree of trust toward potentially inhu-
man entities. ©

Other Favored Paths: After Judgment, Innocence and
Defense edges are useful to gain perspective (and distance)
when pursuing a creature's true identity and intentions.
Visionary powers are helpful to determine these things in
advance. Vengeance edges have limited application, be-
cause they allow for only one "greater good": destruction.

Trairs

Judges approach the hunt with idealized concepts of
what's right and wrong or best for the world. They hope to
fulfill those values by gathering information, contemplat-
ing creatures' potential, identifying dangers and
coordinating other imbued to achieve goals. All of these
tasks demand certain Traits of Judges, such as Petception,


Leadership, Investigation and Intuition. Some Backgrounds
are specifically suited to lawgivers to help them as frames
of reference on how to carry out the hunt, however,
perhaps to remind them what was important before or to
hone faculties when insight is needed most. These Traits
may be acquired before the imbuing and help decide that
a person becomes a Judge, or they may develop in pursuit
of the calling as tools to ensure that one presides fairly.
These Traits are ostensibly available to all characters but
should not be taken or assigned to the detriment of a Judge's
individuality in a group. The Storyteller should always decide
whether other creed members may possess these qualities.

BACKGROUNDS

Davasase

Harry simply nodded and said, "Yes Ma'am" as the
crisis center's night supervisor criticized his recent job perfor-
mance. Through it all, his only concern was that she might
smell the stink of garbage on his clothes.

After she fmished with him, Harry walked quickly to his cubicle.
Fortunately, there weren' tany operators working close enough to get
awhiffof him. Harry settledinto his chair and tumedon his computer.
Whileitcametolife, he pulled the stamedandcrumpledphonebillfrom
his coat pocket and smoothed it flat on his desktop.

The creature's servants were careful, Harry mused. The
blood slave Leibowitznever dealt with his master in person. Under
casual inspection, the man led a typical nine-to-five existence. In
truth, he worked at a law office, came home at night and took
instructions via cell phone from a monster. The beast never
revealed itself, working its evil in almost perfect isolation.

Almost. Harry ran a grubby finger down the list of numbers
on the billing statement. One number stood out in particular,
showing up in more than three-quarters of the entries. Each call
was made after six in the evening. Harry smiled.

Harry entered his password into the computer. The crisis
center' s database was updated weekly by the local phone company.
Ifsomeone calledin but was cut off for any reason, the operators had
to be able to tell the authorities where the call had originated.

He keyed in the number from the phone bill. Two
seconds later, he had a name and address.

The right information can mean the difference be-
tween life and death fora hunter. For Judges in particular, no
fact is too minor when contemplating the guilt of a monster
or its servants. Though many fiends have learned over time
to hide their activities behind layers of deception, they are
still subject to the invasive touch of the Information Age.
Everyone from direct-mailing companies to government
organizations maintains extensive electronic databases that
track everything from financial transactions to dog-food
preferences. A careful researcher with the right connections
can put together a detailed profile of an individual's assets,
interests and activities in a matter of hours — from the
relative safety of a home computer.

This Background allows a character to access one or
more commercial or civil databases. Rating determines
the depth, detail and scope of the information that the

CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

character can obtain. The exact nature of the database(s)
that a character can access is at the Storyteller's discre-
tion, and must be in keeping with the character's
concept. An ex-cop might still have access to the city's
crime records and DMV database. A bank teller might
be able to reach local, national or even international
financial resources using the boss' password.

The difference between using databases and human
Contacts is that a human contact can tell a hunter what
a subject does, but not necessarily why. Conversely, a
database profile provides clues to an individual's activi-
ties over a broad spectrum, but little in the way of specific
actions. A blood slave's financial records might show
that a large sum of money was deposited into his bank
account recently. Then a tip from a local contact reveals
that the slave has been seen in the company of a local
gang member and black marketeer. The two sources of
information let the hunter forma more complete picture.
° You have access toa local database that provides

basic personal information (a city phone com-
pany that provides unlisted phone numbers and
across-referenced list of numbers and addresses,
for example).

ee Youcan enter local government databases such
as city police, vehicle registration and
property records.

eee —Youhave connections to databases that contain

sensitive personal data, such as credit histories,

bank statements and social security information.

Withtime, youcan call upon nationwide resources

suchas the FBI's powerful criminal database (which

tracks criminal activity and known sightings of
suspects), or giant databases like LEXUS-NEXUS

(which can provide social security numbers, bank

records, financial transactions and medical histories

ona nationwide basis). Gaining results from these
sources can take from four to 48 hours, at the

Storyteller's discretion.

@eeee Youcan enter a variety of state and federal data
bases, which provide everything from ATM
trans actions to sealed military records. Access to
world wide law enforcement or financial databases
such as INTERPOL or Lloyd's of London are
possible. Results from these databases can take one
to five working days, but provide a wealth of
detailed information.

Grace Under Pressure

Carlacouldhear Neal' sbreathbecomingmorerapid. "Whatare
they waitingfor?" he said. She could hear ahint of hysteriaim his voice.

"They're psyching us out," she whispered back, taking
care to breathe in through her nose, out through her mouth,
and thinking, "Come on you bastards."

"Shit," Neal whimpered. "They outnumber us three to
one! How many bullets do you have left? I think I'm down
to nine, but I lost count."

a &


HUNYERBOOK: JUDGE

"Tt doesn't matter. We've got enough, and they have to
come through the door one ata time. They're as scared as we
are," she said, though mentally it was "scared as you are."

"But what if...?" Neal never finished his question. The
door burst open, and before it rebounded off the opposing wall,
Carla put a shot in the lead attacker's eye. Neal was shrieking
as the second thing came through, but Carla took that one in the
throat, breathingin through her nose, out through her mouth. By
the time the third was halfway over the crumpled bodies, Neal
had recovered enough to open fire. He was still screaming.

Western movies make a big deal about a shooter having
aquick draw. In reality, the ability to draw a weapon quickly
is of little use if you can't use it steadily. Danger — especially
the life-threatening kind — is intimidating. A normal
human reaction toasudden threat is inaction, psychological
paralysis. If the outcome is mortally important, people tend
to freeze as they try tochoose the best option. Consequently,
they do nothing, which is usually the worst option.

Some people, however, are free of this limitation.
Intensely trained or indoctrinated fighters — or people
whojust have a lot of common sense —are better equipped
than most to react to danger. They may not be physically
faster than others, but sureness in their actions prevents
them from working counter to their own purposes. A cop
on a tough beat, a seasoned soldier or someone who has
survived a civil war might develop this kind of focus.

This Background imposes a minimum on your Initiative
rolls. Ifthe number that comesup on your die (before it'sadded
to Dexterity + Wits) is less than or equal to your dots in Grace
Under Pressure, you can re-roll (though you do not have to).
If yoursecond roll is still less than or equal to your rating in this
Background, you have to choose one of the two results.

° Calm. You can re-roll a 1.

ee Laconic. You can re-roll a 2 or less.

eee §=Tranquil. You can re-roll a 3 or less.

Possessed of great sang-froid. You may choose to

re-roll any Initiative result of 4 or less.

eeeee Unshakeable equanimity. If you wish, you can
attempt to better any Initiative roll of 5 or less.

Soutmare

"So then, you're saying it's up close and personal?"

"Well, yeah. I mean, they're dugin and, you know, we
can't get a clean shot at them from outside. So we're going
in, but we've got a good plan...."

"Sorry. I'm out. I'd like to help, but I can't."

"Look, I know you'd rather take a long-distance ap-
proach, but this is five on two. It's practically a sure thing!"

"T have responsibilities."

"But.... I mean...."

"Look, I said no and I said I was sorry. There's not
much more to say, is there?"

"This is about Gwyn, isn't it?"

"Leave her out of it."

"No, itis, isn't it? She doesn't want you doing anything
‘dangerous,' right? Shit!"

"This is my decision and she—"

"Bullshit, it's your decision. That bitch has stolen your
balls. That's what's making the decision!"

"Don't you fuckin' call her a bitch!"

"Or what? You gonna fight me? Huh? I thought you
didn't get ‘up close and personal' anymore. She too scared
your pretty face is gonna get all scratched and shit?"

"Listen to me, asshole. She doesn't know. You got me?
She knows nothing. I haven't told her about any of it. You
know why? Remember what happened with Julie and Den-
nis? That thing couldn't find her, so it killed him. I'm not
going to let that happen to Gwyn."

"Hell... I don't want to see anything happen to her
either, but... we need you, man."

"Not like she does."

True love is hard to find — especially in the World of
Darkness. But your character has found it and the thought
of his beloved gives him strength to get back up when he's
down and out. After all, he knows who he's fighting for.

Once per session, you can add a number of dice equal
to Soulmate to one action and its accompanying roll, but
only if it directly affects the well-being of your character's
beloved. The benefit does not apply to all actions per-
formed in a multiple action; just one. Nor does it apply to
all rolls in an extended action; just one. The Storyteller has
ultimate discretion on when this bonus is applicable,
although you may certainly try toconvince her that it does.
The Storyteller may even allow it to apply to all rolls in a
resisted action if the outcome of the competition is short
term and still has direct bearing on your character's love.

Example: Brad has found that "special someone" inGwyn;
he has 3 Soulmate. This Background doesn't do much for him
when he's on the prowl for zombies. But if Brad comes home to
hear Gwyn screaming inside their burning house, his player can
add three dice to one roll in a rescue attempt. It could be a
Strength roll to break down adoor. It could be a soak roll to resist
smoke inhalation or an Athletics roll to carry Gwyn out.

There isa price topay for love's rewards. Love makes your
character vulnerable. This is true in the best of circumstances,
and it's doubly true for a hunter who makes powerful and
mysteriousenemies. If yourcharacter's true love is threatened,
he can't ignore it. He must do everything in his power to
protect her. Your character spends the following days, weeks,
months or even the rest of his life (Storyteller's discretion)
consumed by depression and self-loathing should he ever try
and fail to protect her from harm. In game terms, Willpower
rating (not pool) is decreased for the duration by the amount
of yourcharacter's Soulmate score, toa minimum of 1. He also
loses the Soulmate bonus for that period of time. (Ifloved one
and Willpower loss are permanent, the Storytellermay allow
lost Background points to be re-invested elsewhere, after an
extended period of mourning. Hunter Book: Avenger's
Berserk Background is a good choice.)

On top of all this, failure to prevent serious or
mortal harm to a beloved may impose a derangement.


This occurs at the Storyteller's prerogative, assuming
your character hasn't suffered enough.
You and your beloved have just embarked on your
grand amour. You're still in the giddy romantic stage.
You've been with your lover for up to a year, and
you're starting to believe that this love is true (even
though it seems too good to be true).
You and your lover are probably living together
and have been for a while. Her flaws are no longer
cute, but you've gained a rich appreciation of her
virtues that more than offset her foibles.
You and your beloved have been together so long
that you rely on each other the way you count on
the sun rising. That doesn't mean you take each
other for granted, any more than you take a
beautiful sunrise for granted.
eeeee Words fail.
Srezt Nenves
Many of the undead had heightened senses. Leanne wasn't
one of them. Her first awareness of Henry's presence was ascent
of bourbon and the feel of a pistol muzzle on the back of her neck.
"Howdy. Remember me?" His simple words were thick
with loathing. "Stand up slow and we'll take this outside."
Leanne narrowed her eyes, calculating the odds that he'd be
willing to shoot her in the middle of a crowded restaurant. He had
bothered to drape a coat over his gun hand, but it was still an

indiscreet approach by her standards. If he really didn't care about
collateral damage, he'd have opened fire instead of introducing

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

himself. She glanced at the table next to her: Dressed-up teenagers
on their way to prom? She liked her chances.

She stood, then turned to him. As she did, she lashed out —not
withher body, butwithhersoul, hamessingthe dread ofher true nature
into an intimidating glare that could bring strong men to their knees.

"Do you dare challenge me... mortal?"

The patrons behind him looked up and fled screaming.
Henry just smirked.

"It takes more than that bullshit to scare me, bitch." He
fired as she dove to the side. The shell broke two ribs but
didn't slow her as her right hand hooked into a claw and
slashed for the throat... of one of the teenagers. Blood
spurted, diners screamed and Leanne smiled. Henry turned
pale. She timed her attack to match his first surge of vomit.

"Scared now?" she whispered as her nails stabbed into his heart.

Spending Conviction to activate second sight and resil-
iencetomentalinfluenceprovidesadefenseagainstsupematural
horror. Butithas no effect against mundane horror. Many of the
things hunters battle aren't monsters because they grow fur or
drink blood. They're monsters because they willfully endanger
the defenseless — and make good on their threats. They're
monsters because they're satisfied with killing a hunter's family
iftheycan'tgetat him directly. They're monsters because of the
things they're willing to do.

Characters with this Background have a firmly
established sense of self, a bulwark against experiences
that would drive a "normal" person — even a "normal"
hunter — over the edge. The stresses of the day-to-day
hunt, such as losing a job or even a loved one, and the


HUNTERBQOK: JUDGE

terrible sights to which the imbued are exposed such as
mutilated corpses, take less of a toll than they might.

There are numerous ways a person could develop
this resilience: Powerful religious devotion, a psycho-
logically healthy family history, the confidence that
comes from outstanding personal achievement. Alter-
natively, people who've been exposed to horror or
depravity repeatedly — social workers, emergency medi-
cal technicians, photojournalists documenting genocide
— simply develop high thresholds for shock.

Roll your character's Steel Nerves rating, difficulty 8,
whenshe wouldnormallysufferashort- or long-term derange-
ment. Yourcharacterresiststhe ailmentcompletely witheven
a single success. Note that this Background applies to only
those derangements acquired from exposure to trauma or
horrible sights. It does not apply against derangements ac-
quired through gaining Virtues rated 7 or higher. The latter
dysfunctionsaremoreaproductofthe Messengers' otherworldly
interference with your hunter's mind and life than with any
capacity he has to stare directly at a grisly scene.

The Storyteller has the option of rolling this Background
on your behalf if she wants to keep story developments—and
your character's possible resilience to them — mysterious.

e Gruesomehorrormoviesdon'teven make youblanch.

ee You could watch autopsy films unfazed.

eee = You could eat a chili dog at a murder scene.

eeee Youcould endure torture without losing your wits.

@e@ eee Youcould cope with the death of a family member
at monstrous hands, at least for the short term.

Tue Hich Cosy of Commirmeny

Maintaining a Judge's perspective on the hunt is a
delicate proposition. These imbued endure enormousstress
given the responsibilities they assume. Not only must they
make decisions for themselves and allied imbued — Which
target do we pursue? Can we risk letting this creature go?
How many defenseless people can be allowed to die before
we strike? — Judges must rise above the din and remain
alert to further dangers, anticipate immediate problems
and gather ever more information. Being imbued is pun-
ishment enough on the fragile human mind. All these
burdens only worsen the wear.

The result is typically that capable Judges emerge
and prove their strength, awareness and perseverance.
Meanwhile, lessers collapse under the weight of their
load, whether they are killed, forced to abandon the
hunt, driven mad or made obsessed with some seem-
ingly innocuous or bizarre aspect of the mission.

These fates are as much a result of high Virtue ratings
as they are of nightly rigors. Many who seek balance in
Virtues beyond Zeal may fall victim to the horrors that a
prolonged hunt inflicts. Imbued who focus on Zeal and
their authoritative role eventually burn out or pursue
abstract notions that other imbued cannot comprehend.

>.)

Spenpinc Gonvicr ion

Judges rarely do anything without first gathering all
facts they can and considering all the permutations.
That means hearing a creature out before pardoning or
condemning it. That means evaluating one threat to
ensure that another isn't more immediate. That means
focusing on perceived right and wrong to ensure that
the best course is always followed.

Considering and weighing with regard to Conviction
means deciding what's most important in situation before
energy is expended. For you, that means deciding whether
it's more important to hold onto 10 Conviction in the face
ofa threat, to use those points against an enemy, or to cash
them in for a new Virtue point (and possibly a new edge).
If no perceptible danger looms, you may exchange your
Conviction, but a Judge is always concerned that some
unseen menace lurks, waiting to catch her when she's most
vulnerable. Any Virtue or edge gained hopefully offsets the
danger of having low Conviction after cashing in, but the
Messengers and their fickle will can never be taken for
granted. It's a judgment you have to make.

Virtues chosen when Conviction is cashed in are
typically based on a Judge's state of mind, whether conser-
vative, moderate or liberal. See "Other Favored Paths"
under the camp definitions for Virtue and edge ideas.

Regaining Conviction

Judges' purpose and dedication are affirmed when
the plans they create and the decisions they make in the
hunt succeed. Coordinating other imbued to accomplish
a goal or accurately anticipating and countering the
dangers of a situation bolsters Judges' confidence for their
calling. In contrast, making decisions that get people hurt
or killed, or planning an operation that fails partially or
utterly can devastate arbiters, undermining any self-
assurance they may have in their role as imbued.

These highs and lows impact the game directly
through Conviction points; Judge characters can gain
or lose them. The Storyteller has final say about how
Conviction is awarded or withdrawn, but the following
instances are specific to Judges and their waxing or
waning vigor. Each of these actions should confer no
more than one Conviction point per game session.
Indeed, one point may be all that a character gains by
pulling off several of these actions in a single chapter.

¢ Gain a point of Conviction when a plan of action
involving the supernatural — that's chosen or created
solely by your character — is a resounding success.

¢ Gain apointof Conviction when your character gathers
information on the supernatural and uses it to accomplish an
intended goal, rather than to act rashly without intelligence.

© Gain a point of Conviction when your character's
lofty ideals of right and wrong are affirmed, perhaps
when adhered to by others with rewarding results or
when dissenters suffer failure or harm.


¢ Gaina point of Conviction when personal choice
or preference is set aside to perform an action necessary
to the cause, despite distaste for the deed.

¢ (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction when a
plan or course of action chosen by your character results
in the harm of allies or defenseless people.

¢ (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction when your
character fails to fulfill a greater good or does not adhere
to his own definition of morals, ethics or "right."

© (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction when your
characteractsrashly, without intelligence, or ponders options
or courses of action too long to the point of being ineffectual.

New Drrancemenys

Like all hunters, Judges can become increasingly
unstable as their devotion to the hunt takes them further
and further from their former lives. Resulting ailments vary
with the individual, but Judges do display certain tenden-
cies or patterns in their dementia. Because arbiters bear
such responsibility through their leadership of and deci-
sion-making for other imbued, they are sometimes
overwhelmed by the ramifications of their decrees. The
death of an ally or an unwitting person can torment Judges,
perhaps for the remainder of their lives. Decisions to kill or
spare a creature that later prove disastrous can be taken
wholly to heart. The inability to make a conclusive deci-
sion or choose a specific course of action before it's too late
— a monster gets away or a loved one is punished as a
warning to the hunter — weighs heavily on the soul.

The results of these pressures can force a Judge to try to
abandon the hunt. Whether that is possible when mon-
strous visions persist and the Messengers continue to harass
the mediator depends on how thoroughly she shuts herself
out. Suicide attempts are perhaps highest among Judges of
all the imbued, given the grief and guilt they carry. Another
response is to deny any sense of responsibility by throwing
oneself into the "work." Judges who do so tend to become
obsessed with one aspect of the hunt, whether it be dealing
with a specific kind of creature, upholding a specific value
such as honesty to the exclusion of all else, or perhaps even
stalking those hunters whom a Judge feels are traitors to the
cause. This determined focus is a distraction in which the
lawgiver may hide from the events of her past.

Of course, these ailments may develop due to any 7
or higher Virtue rating, as a Judge loses more and more
of her previous identity and increasingly lives for the
hunt. They also arise from personal tragedies, horrific
sights and excruciating pain suffered along the way. The
Storyteller decides when your character endures a hard-
ship so extreme that her psyche is damaged.

Treatmentforderangements, whether Virtue- or trauma-
induced, might be possible. For Judges, it typically means
coming to terms with guilt and responsibility. It might mean
earning forgiveness from the families of fallen allies or accom-
plishing some astounding greater good that tempers previous

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

failuresjusta little. That, and lots of Willpower could be spent
over the course of the chronicle to actively overcome mad-
ness. There are no hard-and-fast rules for alleviating
derangements. Only roleplaying, character development
and Storyteller discretion can tell — and high-Virtue-in-
duced derangements might not be curable at all.

Denia

Hunters cannot guess at how long monsters have
walked the Earth. The creatures' hidden existence suggests
that they have not only existed but reigned for ages, as one
might conclude from normal humans' ongoing ignorance.
For some hunters, the sheer stress of being aware creates
mental blocks or subconsciously skews perceptions. The
result can be a refusal to accept some individuals as monsters
at all. Perhaps a bloodsucker drained a child in a Judge's
presence, and afterward she can acceptonly the idea that the
child anda man were "playing." Encountering that vampire
later threatens toremind the hunter of the sight and the pain
it spurs. Perhaps a Judge refuses to believe that any creature
is more dangerous than ashapechanger—a monster hiding
in human form — and dedicates himself to dealing with
those beings alone, regardless of what danger other creatures
might demonstrably pose. Or a Judge could refuse to ac-
knowledge the death of an ally in a mission orchestrated by
the Judge. To his mind, the hunter still lives and perhaps
continues to work at his side; maybe a living ally "becomes"
that fallen comrade to the leader's mind.

If confronted by indisputable evidence of reality —
say that same vampire kills another person before the
denying Judge's eyes —a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, may
be made to accept the truth for the remainder of the
scene. In the above case, your character forces himself to
recognize the demon in the person and is able to deal with
the vampire for a short time. Sufficient reality-affirming
situations may finally make a hunter comprehend the
truth, or at least allow you to spend Willpower points at
will for your character to comprehend fully for a scene.

If a hunter denies the existence of an individual
creature, she might not even perceive the being as
wrong with second sight or a perception edge such as
Discern. She is immune to mental, emotional and
bodily influence by the creature, however, as if Convic-
tion had been activated, even if none is spent in ascene.
This "free" protection does not apply in any scene in
which the hunter comes out of denial temporarily.
InDecision

Perhaps your character made a decision that got one or
more allies killed, or that resulted in the death of someone
he was trying to save. Plagued by memories of bad choices,
your character can be paralyzed when it comes to making
snap decisions. Unfortunately, the immediate choices that
hunters must make often involve life and death.

The Storyteller decides when your character might
waver when confronted with an important decision that must
be made instantly. The circumstances should be reminiscent


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

of past traumaticevents. Perhapsacurrentparticipant appears
similar toaperson harmed in aprevious judgment call. Maybe
the gruesome displays of a ghost cause flashbacks to a similar
experience in which your character killeda hapless possession
victim. Or chasing a creature through crowded city streets
might remind your character of the terrifying shock of his
imbuing on a busy subway platform.

Regardless of the circumstances, the Storyteller
makes a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, on your behalf. If
the roll fails, you do not roll a die for Initiative, but
simply total Initiative rating (Dexterity + Wits) to
determine the order in which your character acts in
each turn for the remainder of the scene. Furthermore,
your character cannot advise other characters how to
act. Norcan he coordinate theiractivities. He is wracked
by conflicting ideas of how to respond to the situation
and memories of how previous decisions failed.

It's possible to spend a Willpower point to forcibly snap
out of indecision for the remainder of a scene. Another
person confronting your character to "do something" might
also allow you the opportunity to spend Willpower.

This ailment does not deter your character from form-
ing advance plans for dealing with creatures or situations. He
may not be able to follow through with those plans, how-
ever, if his past returns to haunt him during the fast-paced
course of events. Nor does this derangement preclude your
character from making casual decisions such as buying a gift
forhissister, oreven when tomakeasharp turn while driving
(unless some past tragedy involved a car accident...).

Some Judges' bouts of indecision can be so crippling
to their faith in their own abilities that they lose
Conviction points after episodes, and they may even try
to avoid hunting altogether.

EDGES

One of the reasons that hunters' creeds are so vague
is that the imbued seem to possess myriad edges. Not
only do hunters with different outlooks on the hunt
have some similar capabilities but some imbued with
similar philosophies have wildly different powers.

The problem is compounded by variations on edges
that like-minded hunters seem to share. A Judge in
Mexico or even in an inner city may develop Vigilance
instead of Discern, because her immediate survival
requires constant alertness instead of deep perception.
Since hunters can't always tell when edges are similar or
different, they may assume that fellow specialists actu-
ally belong to different creeds — if an imbued even
senses a connection between mentality and edges.

The following edges are suited to Judges and their
purpose in the hunt, but are not exclusive to those imbued.
Members of other creeds may learn about these capabilities
as word of them spreads and as Judges pursue their roles as
information gatherers and disseminators, and as leaders.

© Vicitance

The clearest eye is still blind when shut. Some hunters
in areas of particularly extreme monster infestation de-
velop the ability to subsist on increasingly less sleep in
order to confront the supernatural. Reduced rest periods
also diminish the threat posed to imbued minds during
sleep, when Conviction's defenses might not be available.

These hunters still need some rest, and they drop into
virtually catatonic states when they do sleep. Applying
this capability takes its toll, though, as the hunter be-
comes more disoriented and less purposeful over time.

System: The more Zeal a judge has, the less sleep
with which she can get by, as follows:

Zeal Sleep Needed per 24 Hours of Activity
1-2 6 Hours

3-4 5 Hours

5-6 4 Hours

7 3 Hours

8 2 Hours

9 1 Hour

10 Minutes or perhaps none

A character can be roused prematurely from such
concentrated rest by anything that would wake a nor-
mal person —a loud noise, shaking or perhaps even an
intuitive sense that the supernatural threatens (see
Reacting with Conviction, Hunter, p. 133). A charac-
ter thus roused is slightly disoriented; all nonreflexive
actions performed thereafter are at +1 difficulty until
the minimum amount of sleep needed is achieved.

After each 24-hour period that this edge is used, your
character loses one point from his Willpower pool. All Will-
power lost this way is regained after a normal full night's sleep
(at least as normal asa night can be for the tormented imbued).

Furthermore, any time you fail a roll to react instinc-
tively toactivate Conviction when its defenses are otherwise
down, you get to re-roll the attempt (or the Storyteller may
re-roll any failure for your character). This edge simply
makes your hunter more alert to the subtle signs or warn-
ings of supernatural presence or manipulation than other
imbued are. This intuitive capacity to sense danger applies
whenever your character does not have Conviction active,
even when sleeping after an extended period of activity,
also made possible by this same edge.

This power can be used only by the possessing hunter —
it can't be "shared" to keep other imbued up or alert. Your
character cannot have this edge and the Insomnia derange-
ment (described in Hunter Book: Redeemer). Ifboth of the
conflicting Traits develop during play, one of them overrides
the other (the Storyteller decides which and for how long).
Furthermore, this edge cannot be combined with the Endur-
ance Trait from Hunter Book: Defender.

With this power, Conviction can berisked on rolls to react
to supernatural danger when defenses are otherwise down.
Conviction can't be risked where staying awake is concerned.


© © ANavHeMA
Anyone who observes the unnatural for long perceives
that many have... appetites. Vampires feast on blood, often
returning to the same victims time and again. Ghosts seem
to draw energy from familiar places and emotional people,
as do some beings that are less easily identified.
Anathema allows a Judge to decree one individual
(herself included) or place as distasteful, painful or
simply abhorrent when it comes to feeding. The imbued
must trace hunter code's Judgment symbol upon the
person or area. This marking need not be done visibly,
as with ink or spray paint — drawing it invisibly with a
finger suffices if (and only if) physical contact is made.
Humans who see a visible sign do not comprehend its
significance. Hunters who see such a symbol can intuitively
recognize it as drawn by a Judge or another hunter who
understands such people and their calling. Other imbued see
nothing if the symbol is only traced with a finger, not made
legibly. Some beings with supernatural perceptions may
perceive an "invisible" symbol as a vague, blurry outline or as
a disconnected presence, though they probably don't know
what to make of it. Most creatures notice nothing until they
actually try to feed and discover that the effort is nauseating.
System: This edge is a subtler version of the more
overt level-three power Balance. Anathema is person- or
place-specific, whereas Balance allows a Judge to confront
a predator directly. Because the Judgment emblem is

UG]

CHAPYER 5: NEW RULES

involved, and hunters of other creeds do not usually sense
identity with that symbol, arbiters are usually the only ones
touse this power. They don't have to be, though, ifanother
hunter has taken pains to study the collective Word.

Your character must spenda turn drawing the symbol to
make someone or someplace resistant to monsters' feeding.
Roll Strength + Zeal, difficulty 6. Each success imposes a
level of bashing damage on a creature the moment it seeks
to feed or take energy from the designated person or place
thereafter. This damage can be soaked by most creatures,
and may not prevent them from feeding altogether. It does,
however, make the experience extremely gut-wrenching
and therefore repellent. A victim can still be drained of
blood and killed in the case of a vampire, or emotionally
assailed in the case of a spirit. The attacker simply suffers
from the effort — little solace to a victim who doesn't
understand the part she plays in an invisible war.

The ban lasts one day per point of Zeal (or until your
character decides to withdraw it). It even persists if the
invoking hunter is Incapacitated later. A hunter can
protect a number of people or places equal to her Zeal
rating, simultaneously, and does not have to be in prox-
imity to any of them. Repeated application of this power
to the same subject does not have cumulative effect.

Ifan area is made "punishing," any creature that restores
its energy reserves in that vicinity must endure pain (as
bashing damage). The size of the area depends on Zeal rating.


SroRvTELLng SrARTING EDGES
Hunters' very first edges — the ones they manifest
at their imbuing — typically have overt effects that kick
inintuitively when charactersare first faced by monsters.
} For example, a Judge confronted by a monster can
activate Discern and not think about or even know she's
done it until he realizes that he can perceive minute
details in a bizarre fashion or that his vision is simply
i corrected fora short period of time. Asnew edges emerge
} inthe huntercommunity, however, not all low-powered
f ones (thatis, level one) areso intuitive. Some are esoteric
or fulfill hunters' subtle rather than overt needs. In the
case of Vigilance, how does a hunter suddenly know that
he can carry on with less than normal sleep? Doing so
H probably doesn't just occur to him unassisted.
| The Storyteller can offer hints as to how subtle
powerssuchas Vigilance work. MaybeaJudge's lingering
fears after the imbuing keep him up nights, as they do for
all imbued, but he is able to rise and act for extended
} periods —far longer than ever before — without signifi-
cant detriment. Or a hunter's obsession to know more
about what he's seen compels him to stay up for days, and
he realizes that he has barely slept only after the fact.
Alternatively, established hunters might acquire
H subtle powers such as Vigilance and sense possession
of them simply by benefit of their experience with the
Messengers' intervention. The sudden ability to re-
main awake when others collapse could coincide with
story demands to remain on guard for threats, evi-
H dence that the Heralds have played their hand again.
The bottom line is, the Storyteller should assign
f overt and intuitive starting edges to the newly im-
bued. More complex or less obvious ones can come
} later or steps must be taken quickly to show starting
characters how such edges work.

Zeal Area

1-2 One average-sized room in a house

3-4 Three average-sized rooms in a house

5-6 An entire two-story house

7 All of a large mansion or four floors of an
office building

8 Anacre of land or eight floors of an office building

9 An entire office building

10 A square mile of space

This power does not preclude a monster from using its
Willpower (see Hunter, Chapter 9) or other energy source to
perform supernatural feats. The edge also has no effect on other
hunters and their acquisition of more Conviction or Virtues.

Anathema cannot be applied to supernatural be-
ings as protection against being the prey of yet other
creatures, either individually or when a victimized crea-
ture stands in an otherwise quarantined region.

ye

eoe Vow

Sometimes a creature cannot be defeated. Sometimes
a creature does not seem to warrant destruction. Some-
times a Judge feels obligated to offer the benefit of the
doubt. These are gray zones in a war that many see as stark
black and white. In such uncertain situations, it's a tremen-
dous relief to be able to forge pacts with the supernatural,
agreements that are bound by something more than blind
faith and a handshake. This edge gives a Judge the ability
to come to such terms with the other side.

Your character and a creature verbally negotiate an
agreement in which the being promises to eschew a
particular activity. ("I'll leave town and never return."
"T'll never attack a human being again." "I'll never again
enter a sanctified building.") That means the subject
must be somewhat intelligent and capable of rational
thought, at least at the time.

Your character traces the Judgment symbol upon
the creature, perhaps visibly with paint or invisibly with
a finger, and the pact is sealed. If the creature breaks its
promise, the sign bursts into flame. Removing a painted
or even tattooed sign does not invalidate the contract.
As with Anathema, an invisible symbol is not preter-
naturally visible to humans or hunters. Creatures with
paranormal perceptions may perceive it in a vague
fashion, even if they don't know what it means.

Vow can only punish a particular, designated action.
It can't compel a creature to actively perform an action,
such as destroy itself or attack its supernatural master,
even if the creature would agree to those terms. It can
only proscribe a type of action and make it punishable,
and only if the creature wittingly agrees beforehand. Of
course, some Judges aren't above applying a great deal of
coercion to elicit a vow. Afterall, "Swear and let me trace
this thing on your head" sounds a lot more palatable if the
alternative is, "Get soaked in gas and set on fire."

System: Once your character has reached an agree-
ment with a creature, he must draw or trace the Judgment
symbol somewhere on its body. Spend one point of
Conviction at that time. If the creature ever violates the
trust, your character knows it instantly no matter the
distance between the parties. The seal bursts into flame.
When that happens, roll Charisma + Zeal. (Yes, this
means that the contract of a moderately experienced
Judge becomes stronger as her Virtue rises.) The difficulty
is the target's Stamina +3. For each success achieved, the
seal inflicts a level of lethal damage, which may be soaked
if the being is capable of resisting flames.

EachcontractappliesforonemonthperpointofZealat the
time ofestablishment. Your character may enactasmany bonds
atone timeasshe has points in Zeal, although each creature can
be subject to only one ata time. Ifa Judge makes multiple vows,
she knows immediately which creature betrays her trust when
it happens (and you can choose to risk Conviction on your
Charisma + Zeal roll, as you see fit). Vows can be revoked by


yourcharacterafterthey're made, but the subject doesnot know
that he is no longer accountable unless he performs the
proscribed action and no punishment is delivered.

Vow can apply to disembodied spirits as well, as
long as your character can touch the space occupied by
the entity and some form of intelligible communication
is possible between participants.

Vow cannot be applied to a group of creatures at the
same time; they must be contracted individually. This
edge has no effect on other hunters.

© © © © GonFEssiON

At this high level of power, a Judge's abilities come
full circle. Just as Discern allows your character to gain
information about physical features from a distance,
Confession imparts information from a monster's very
mind. By touching a creature and asking a question, your
Judge senses the being's emotional and intellectual re-
sponses and may intuit the true answer. The Judge speaks
the honest answer aloud, regardless of what lie the subject
might give or even if the subject remains silent.

The few extremist Judges who claim to possess this
power describe a temporary bond formed with the mind
of a subject. The experience can be extremely discom-
forting with a warped or twisted individual, and some
Judges fear revealing something of their own identities
and thoughts in the process.

System: Your character must touch the subject and
ask a single question in a language that the creature
understands. Spend one Conviction and roll Manipula-
tion + Zeal. The difficulty is the subject's Willpower. If the
creature has a 9 Willpower or higher, the difficulty is 9.

If the roll is successful, your character speaks one
sentence of the "true" answer aloud. Note that this isn't
necessarily the absolute truth (if there is such a thing).
It's only the truth as the subject understands it. For
example, if a Judge questions someone who has been
duped into believing that vampires are evil space aliens,
that's the answer the Judge shakes loose. If an answer
can't be contained within one sentence alone, then the
Judge is at a loss for whatever other information might
be available. Confession can be used on a single subject
only once per scene, whether successfully or not.

A failed roll results in a garbled, confusing montage
of surface thoughts and free associations. A botch
means the subject can feed your character false informa-
tion; it still comes out of your character's mouth. The
Storyteller may therefore insist on making Confession
rolls on your behalf. The Storyteller also has the pre-
rogative to rule that a truly old or powerful creature's
thoughts cannot be penetrated by any hunter, regard-
less of what level edge the imbued possesses.

This edge can be used on regular people and other
hunters. The social implications of using it on other chosen
canbe... inflammatory. Italso works on disembodied spirits
as long as the space they occupy can be contacted and they

CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

can hear the question. The Judge utters the response, even
if the ghost is incapable of speaking in the physical world.
© 0 © © [yPRison

This edge is best understood as an advanced version of
Burden. A Judge can freeze an unnatural being in place,
not for minutes but for hours. While it's possible that the
efforts of another might budge a monster thus bound, the
creature itself cannot normally depart under its own power.

System: Your character must fix a creature with his
gaze in one turn's action. Spend two Conviction points
and roll Stamina + Zeal. The difficulty is the creature's
Stamina +3. The creature is trapped in place for one
hour per each success achieved, even if your character
becomes Incapacitated thereafter. Your character no
longer need keep his eyes on the target once it is bound.

A Judge who has imprisoned a creature may choose to
release it prematurely and must be able to see the being todo
so (this edge is effective for convincing creatures to agree to
a vow...). If a creature is attacked or endangered while
affixed, a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, may be made for it to
escape. The creature's successes must exceed those achieved
in your original Stamina + Zeal roll. The same requirements
must be fulfilled to escape Imprison by use of a power of
unnatural movement — amazing speed, teleportation — in
a roll of Stamina + the relevant Trait, difficulty 8.

This power cannot be used on regular people or
other hunters.

SURVEILLANCE TECHNOLOGY

Rick and Alicia had been tailing the thing for days. They
knew it wasn't human — despite its expensive suit — but had
no idea what to call it. Afraid that they might lose it, Rick dared
to get close enough to sit ata table next toitina restaurant. After
his short meal, he apologized for picking up the thing's coat by
"accident." He wasn't sorry for slipping a locator in the pocket.
That website he got it from had more for sale, anyway.

Three days later, he and Alicia were guests in a cheap
hotel three blocks from the thing's expensive ad agency head-
quarters. They had a laser microphone set up in their room,
and Rick had climbed the fire escapes of two buildings across
the street from the firm to plant wireless video cameras. Now
all they had to do was sit back, watch and listen.

Untrained with all this technology, Alicia still wasn't sure
how everything was supposed to happen. "You spent $5,000
on this stuff. What exactly are we supposed to learn again?"

"I told you not to worry," Rick said. "I got the credit card off
adead rot — it wasn't my money. If all goes well, this guy should
play his hand at some point and tell us what we're up against."

"All I see are people going back and forth. They don't
even seem weird, at least not that I can see on this screen."

"Holdit," Rick said, raismgone hand. "Ican hear him talking."

"\..running at optimal speed. We're on schedule, ex-
cept for that little problem we discovered Friday. I believe
agents are in place to deal with it now."

There was a polite knock at the hotel-room door....


Judges need information before they can identify mon-
sters and devise effective strategies against them. Listening
in on creatures and watching them from discreet distances
are wonderful ways of gathering intelligence. They're also
mundane means of conducting the hunt that arbiters can
understand and trust from their previous lives. The bizarre
capabilities bestowed by the Messengers may help lawgivers
when help is needed most, but there's something reassuring
about using good old human ingenuity and know-how
against ghosts and nightcrawlers. The following section
details systems for using information-gathering technology
onthe hunt, and it explains how to get and use such devices.

Menvat Fears
¢ Surveillance [Perception + Alertness/Technology
or Dexterity + Stealth]: There are two primary methods of
performing covert surveillance. Your character uses either
his own eyes and ears or some form of surveillance technol-
ogy such as a shotgun microphone, hidden camera or bug.
Unassisted Observation: Secretly observing or lis-
tening to someone directly — without any technological
tools — requires a Perception + Alertness roll. The diffi-
culty and number of successes required depend on how far
away the target is and what sort of information your
character seeks. Reading a newspaper headline across a
room or listening in on a moderate-volume conversation
might be difficulty 5. Overhearing a whispered conversa-
tion at the next table or noticing the details of a badge
someone flashes could be difficulty 9. The number of
successes achieved determines how much information
your character receives. One success offers vague details —
a police officer's badge. Three successes typically provide
all the information your character hopes for under the
circumstances — the badge number. More than three
successes reveal information that your character might be
interested in, but which he wasn't necessarily looking for
—the badge number anda birthmark on the bearer's hand.
Electronic Surveillance: Usingshotgun microphones
or similar surveillance devices is handled in a manner
similar to unassisted observation. Roll Perception + Tech-
nology. Increasing successes do not necessarily provide
further information; a single success can offer all the details
your character hopes for, because the tools he uses provide
comprehensive information. The difficulty of the roll is
determined by the particulars of the situation. Using a
shotgun microphone to eavesdrop on an unobstructed
conversation in a nearby parking lot might be difficulty 5.
Using a laser microphone to listen to a conversation nine
blocks away by bouncing the laser off a parked car could be
difficulty 8 or 9. The capabilities of the device used (see
below) also influence the difficulty of such efforts.
Audio and Video Bugs: Planting a bug on a subject
allows your character to track its location and listen in on all
sounds made near it. Planting a bug requires doing so
undetected, though, and your character doesn't want his
device to be discovered later, Hiding a bug in a discreet

location means rolling Dexterity + Stealth in a resisted
action against the target's Perception + Alertness. Your
difficulty depends on your character's ingenuity and the
complexity of his effort. Walking up and patting a target's
back could be difficulty 5. Slipping it into a pocket might be
7. Applying adhesive toa bugand placing it where the target
mightstep could be difficulty 8 or9. The difficulty fora target
distracted by loud noises or bustling events might be 9. A
subject performing casual activities such as eating dinner is
at difficulty 7. A wary target rolls against difficulty 5 or less.
Getting more successes allows your character to place a bug
without being noticed. Failure alerts the target that your
character is up to something untoward. A botchon your part
lets the target see the bug itself.

For each success that you achieve beyond your
opponent's, the difficulties of any subsequent Perception
+ Alertness rolls to notice the bug increase by one. Thus,
the more successes you achieve in plating a device, the
more discreetly it's hidden (in regard to accidental or
even intended discovery). All commercially available
bugs can be found readily with an electronic bug detector,
however; such detection devices succeed automatically.

Planting bugs in a fixed location is handled in a some-
what similar fashion. Make a Wits + Technology roll as your
character places the bug to determine how effectively he
does so. Planting a bug in a large convention hall such that
it will pick up the informative conversations of wandering
people is difficulty 9. If the room is small or your character
knows where a subject will be located, the difficulty is only
4 or 5. Failure on this planting roll indicates that the bug is
unable to pick up any useful information. The Storyteller
might make the roll on your behalf so that you don't know
that the effort will fail in advance.

Establishing wireless video cameras in useful locales also
involves the Wits + Technology roll. Because video cameras
are bulkier than bugs and have limited fields of view, the
difficulties of these rolls are increased by one. A separate
Perception + Security roll is also needed to hide a camera
effectively. The difficulty of this roll is 6 in most cases.

Once a bug or camera is in place, listening or watching
involves no rolls. Using a bug to monitor the location of a
mobile target requires an Intelligence + Technology roll,
difficulty 5. One success indicates the subject's approximate
location. Additional successes provide more specific detail.

Tyres oF Devices

Directional Microphones: Directional microphones
come in several varieties. Each of them allows the user
to listen in on anything the device is pointed at. The
simplest and cheapest are shotgun microphones. These
devices are baton-like objects between six and 12 inches
long, and an inch or so in diameter. They are light-
weight, usually cost less than $100, and can be used to
eavesdrop on anormal conversation at a range of 100 to
150 feet. They can be handheld or incorporated into the


sleeve of a coat or other discreet location. They cannot
be used to hear through walls or at longer ranges.
Laser microphones bounce invisible light beams off any
hard, reflective surface near a target. Sounds made nearby
are detectable through the vibrations they create in the
surface. These vibrations modulate the laser beam and are
reconverted into sound after the beam has been reflected
back to the user. Mirrors, windows or even shiny paint can
be used as reflective surfaces. Laser microphones typically
have a range of up to a mile. They can even be used to
eavesdrop on conversations inside closed rooms by bounc-
ing the laser off the room's window or a mirror within.
Laser mikes are highly accurate devices. The difficulty
of using one is reduced by one. The devices usually weigh at
least 10 pounds and cost a minimum of $1,500. They must
also be placed on a stable surface such as a camera tripod;
they can't be handheld or used from a moving vehicle.
Video Cameras: Wireless video cameras are avail-
able from any company that sells surveillance
technologies, usually online. Some of these devices are
no larger than a matchbook and can be bought already
built into baseball caps, pagers, clocks, neckties or even
eyeglasses. Other cameras are designed to be mounted
on walls, with built-in lenses that allow them to "see"
clearly through tiny pin holes. With broadcast ranges
from 500 to 1,000 feet, hunters can hide a camera in a
house and observe the goings-on from a van parked
several doors away. Alternatively, one hunter wearing

a camera can be monitored by a backup team. A single
wireless camera usually costs between $1,500. and $2,500.

Video cameras that connect via cables to televisions or
VCRs are much less expensive and much easier to find than
the wireless variety. These cameras can also be as small as. a
matchbook, but rely on long obvious wires that connect to
TVs or VCRs. Although such cameras are rarely useful for
mobile surveillance or spying on secret meetings, they can
be extremely useful if mounted in and around a hunter's
home. Some of these cameras use infrared light, so they can
even produce useful images in nearly complete darkness. A
hunter with several infrared cameras mounted around her
home can turn on her TV and quickly determine whether
a noise in the middle of the night is a rot entering through
the kitchen window or merely her cat chasing a moth.
Wired videocamerasnormally cost between $100 and $200.

Bugs: Wireless microphones and location devices are
available from some security companies. Bugs are rarely
larger than a shirt button, and the most expensive can be
even smaller. Their sensitive microphones can pick up soft
conversations at up to 30 feet, and their signals can be
received a half-mile away. The tiny batteries in a bug
typically run for one to two days. Bugs usually cost several
hundred dollars each. Most allow the user to eavesdrop on
asubject and track her location. The cheapest, smallest bugs
track only a target's movements. Unfortunately, because
bugs transmit continuously, they can be detected easily by
handheld detectors. Fortunately, only spies and the para-


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

noid typically have such locators. Bug detectors are usually
about the size of a hardback novel and cost several hundred
dollars. Although such devices can detect all commercially
available bugs, there are no guarantees that they can detect
the more advanced bugs used by the FBI or other agencies
with technologies not yet available in the consumer market.

Telephone Bugs: Tiny transmitters exist that can be
placed inside a phone so that everything said on that line
isrelayed to the eavesdropper's phone. Alternatively, you
can purchase a device that can call up a phone and keep
the line open when the other end is hung up. This same
device employs a powerful amplifier that allows you to
hear anything said within 30 feet of the monitored
phone. You can even purchase a device that can access
any answering machine that can be contacted remotely.
You can then play all messages, change the times and
dates listed, and even partially erase messages.

Telephone bugs of all types are relatively inexpen-
sive; most cost less than $100.

Voice-stress Analyzers: These advanced devices are
effectively lie detectors that measure variations inasubject's
voice to determine whether he's lying. Like all forms of lie
detectors, they're imperfect. Most voice-stress analyzers
are the size of a small phone book and have directional
microphones that can analyze the speech of any single
target within 10 feet. If desired, you can even use a wireless
microphone to relay signals to an analyzer located up to
half a mile away. Voice-stress analyzers require no skill to
use. Anyone with 1 Technology or more can operate one.

When your character uses one of these machines, the
Storyteller rolls two dice, difficulty 6. Two failures mean the
device registers no change, even if the subject is lying. One
success means the device registers some unusual stress. Sub-
jects exhibiting these signs are usually lying or quite upset.
Two successes mean the subject is almost certainly lying.

An analyzer is designed to work only on living people.
Difficulty increases by one when used on a walking corpse or
otherwise dead person, and when used on a creature between
human and animal shapes. Further, who can say whether a
possession victim tells the truth when its possessing spirit lies. . ..

Acquiring Surveittance Drviess

Any of the surveillance devices detailed here can be
purchased in the United States. Most large U.S. cities
have several stores that sell such tools; a few such shops
can even be found in shopping malls. Alternatively,
these devices can be found on the Internet through a wide
variety of companies, after a few hours' searching.

Most people are completely unaware that technolo-
giesof this sort can be purchased openly, however. Although
it is perfectly possible to walk into a store and buy a tiny,
wireless video camera built into a pair of sunglasses, most
people assume that such devices are Hollywood fantasies or
are available only to professional spies. As regular people
themselves, hunters think no differently.

The two mostserious limits to obtaining such devices
are whether your character has heard of them and whether
your character knows where to find them. In large cities
such as New York, Chicago or Los Angeles, characters
could easily run across stores with names like "Spy
Supplies" while visiting a mall. Hunters living elsewhere
aren't likely to look for or find these tools at the S-mart,
no matter how smart it is to shop there.

As a tule of thumb, only characters with 3 or more
Security or Technology know the full capabilities and avail-
ability of surveillance devices. More specifically, survivalists
and weapons fetishists may know a great deal about surveil-
lance devices. Someone with 2 Arsenal or greater couldknow
of these tools and possibly have one or two that cost $100 or
less. Characters with 4 Arsenal or greater might have a half-
dozen cameras, bugs and similar devices, regardless of price.

For everyone else, finding out about these devices
and actually obtaining them is a complex process. Look-
ing under "Security" in the Yellow Pages locates local
companies that sell such devices. In most small towns and
cities, shotgun microphones, fancy burglar alarms and
telephone bugs are likely to be the most that's available.
Even employees of such stores are likely to be unaware
that more exotic items are available for special order.

If your character decides to look for surveillance
gadgets on the Internet, roll Intelligence + Research,
difficulty 7. Three or more successes on a Research roll
locate the sites of companies that sell any of the tools listed
above, for the right price. As a more unusual option, the
Storyteller could turn on a computer and have the player
perform the actual search using keywords that the charac-
ter is likely to think of, such as "spycameras" or "bugs."

Failing all else, shotgun microphones, simple tele-
phone bugs, bug detectors and even matchbook-sized
wired video cameras can be found in many novelty
catalogs, right next to whoopee cushions and cheesy T-
shirts. Anyone who buys surveillance devices from
novelty catalogs has almost certainly never heard of any
of the more sophisticated devices available.

Of course, this discussion applies primarily to the
United States. Although gadgets are also available in
Canadaand Western Europe, they tend to be more difficult
to locate. Also, many other countries restrict civilian
possession of surveillance devices. Actually using some
devices to spy on people is a crime in the United States. If
amonster finds your character's camera in its lair, it doesn't
need to kill you. It can have you sent to jail, instead.

Most companies also record the serial numbers of the
devices they sell. If your character buys one on his credit
card and the tool turns up at a crime scene, his name
comes up. Careful hunters pay cash and have devices
shipped to post-office boxes rented under assumed names.

Note that the items listed here are far from state of the
art for such technologies. Various intelligence agencies and
federal law-enforcement organizations are known to have


devices that are smaller and more sensitive, with consider-
ably longer ranges. Acquiring these devices from such
agencies is far from easy. Characters who wish to obtain
high-quality government surveillance machines (or who
live in nations where all such devices are illegal) must have
at least 3 Resources and either 3 Streetwise or 3 Contacts.

As with everything in your game, the Storyteller decides
whether your character knowsabout, can getaccess to, hasthe
funds for and/or knows how to operate surveillance technolo-
gies. Remember that Hunter is about the regular people of the
world, the folks who shop at department stores and who tend
to think "power drill" or "circular saw" when thinking "tech-
nology." If your character wouldn't even think about or look
for listening devices or secret cameras, don't try to get them.

'
Tue Yerpier

Many Judgesare driven by the need toanalyze the various
monsters they encounter. Virtually all feel a responsibility to
measure creatures' virtues and vices, weigh their crimes and
decide their fate. Yet many Judges' plans and efforts are
undermined by their very human nature and mortality;
there's only so much thata single person, even a hunter, can
accomplish against the monstrous forces of the supernatural.
Sentencing a creature to death is fine in theory but could be
impossible in practice. And if a creature has been deemed
worthy ofsurvival orcondemned todestruction, only aJudge's

closest allies are aware of these rulings. Other hunters who
unknowingly encountera raging devil or gentle gianthaveno

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

idea that another imbued has already passed sentence on the
being, and thatitshouldbekilled on sight orspared altogether.
At least, that lack of communication has persisted until
now. A handful of arbiters, truly frustrated by their efforts to
share such verdicts on creatures, have discovered a means to
proclaim their decrees. Amazingly, these efforts seem to be
bolstered by forces beyond even their own investment—as the
Messengers appear to lend authority to lawgivers' sentences.
A notary public was the first Judge known to have
declared her verdict over a creature for all imbued to know.
Infuriated by a condescending creature that resisted her
allies' attacks, she lashed out furiously and foolishly with the
only weapon thatcame to handather work place: hernotary
seal, the indicator of her public standing that she used every
day and that formed part of her identity. The brash creature
permitted her to live, with no idea that it had in fact been
markedasa butcher that must be destroyed. When the thing
arrived at its next killing ground, potent and organized
imbued detected it almost immediately and intuitively
sensed its crimes, though they were unsure how or why.
They simply understood that the thing had committed
terrible crimes and could not be permitted to exist. With so
much unknown on the hunt, it was a relief for these chosen
to simply know about this being. They responded without
hesitation and put the creature down, once and for all.
Thus, a Judge truly convinced of a creature's evil or
worth can somehow mark the entity for other imbued to
instinctively recognize as acquitted or condemned. The
means of labeling differs with each imbued, but all involve


HUNTER BOOK: JUDGE

some kind of mundane sign or symbol that represents the
Judge's identity, role or purpose in life or on the hunt.
Touching a creature with that item essentially brands it,
making its relative worthiness apparent to all imbued.
Only Judges can pass these enduring sentences. Other
hunters can possess edges in the Judgment path, but they
cannot understand or perform this unique practice.

Mevnod

As far as anyone can tell, the capacity to mark creatures
cannot be taught or passed on. Stories of the phenomenon
have been shared since that first arbiter accomplished such
an unprecedented feat, but the ability to do likewise has
never been successfully learned. Apparently, it arises from
desperation to communicate verdicts and to ensure that
justice is served, no matter by whom. Judges therefore
develop the technique individually after much concentra-
tion on how to convey their decrees in a lasting way.

The process involves identifying, choosing or fashioning
an item that bears some sign or symbol unique the Judge's
identity. Itcouldbe hismonogramonaring, his badgenumber
on his police identification, a family motto on an heirloom or
a meaningful coat of arms on a crest. The item may have
existed for years and is now taken up as a tool, it could be a
modified object such as a wedding band now inscribed with a
marital vow, or the item could be newly created such as the
last, liberating alimony check a Judge ever had to sign. The
only stipulation seems to be that the item can be held entirely
in one hand. Apparently, hunter code's Judgment symbol
carved into an object is not enough to empower the item,
perhaps because that symbol is not unique to a single person.

Once a personally important or valuable object is identi-
fied, it becomes a tool in the hunt because it seems to bear the
authority of the Judge's name, identity and beliefs. It virtually
becomes his "seal of approval" —or disapproval, as the case may
be. Brought into contact with a supernatural being, the item
brands the subject with a declaration appropriate to the Judge's
perception of the creature. No hunter code or legible mark is
actually made, but any other imbued who looks upon the
monster gets an intuitive sense about the entity, be it that the
monster "deserves punishment" or "deserves mercy."

Such labeling doesn't occur casually. The Judge must be
utterly convinced of the subject's corruption or worth and be
ready to harm/ destroy or spare/ liberate it himself given the
opportunity. The arbiter must therefore have had opportunity
toexperience the creature's nature and geta genuine sense of its
identity; casual contact is not sufficient for a lawgiver to pass
judgmentandmarkitforall hunterstosee. A Judgecan innately
sense when his decree has been successfully established. At-
tempts to impose a sentence that isn't heartfelt by an arbiter —
if another hunter asks him to impose a brand and the judge has
no personal experience with the creature in question, for
example — do not take at all. Nothing happens in these cases.

Ofcourse, Judgescan still make errorsin their assessments
of monsters. A mediator might decide a being is deserving and

mark it as such to spare it from other hunters' attacks. That
doesn't mean the creature couldn't actually be malicious in
the extreme outside the Judge's presence. Likewise, a rampag-
ing monster might actually be a redemptive force, but has lost
its senses due to matters beyond its control. A Judge who
brands it evil doesn't have all the information. Only a rash or
foolish justice places his sign prematurely or without investi-
gating extensively, and thus might not be worthy of his creed.

A Judge's mark is a warning or alert to other hunters but
is not law. There is no way for a Judge to ensure that his
decree is honored by other imbued. A vengeful hunter who
encounters a zombie with a strange "aura of worthiness"
might ignore his instincts; the warrior could attack and
destroy the being if he wished. Likewise, a forgiving chosen
could ignore the intuitive warnings he senses from a "lost
soul." Other hunters' responses to Judges' marks are left to
their own discretion. There is no question about the origins
of a creature's mark, though; another hunter automatically
senses that an authority among his kind has had contact
with this being and labeled it for all imbued to recognize.
Flashbacks to sensations experienced at the imbuing can
also suggest Messenger involvement in the decree.

Sysvem

Passing sentence on creatures is only one aspect of being
a Judge, and only one aspect of choosing a tool with which
tocommunicate verdicts tootherhunters. The need toshare
information about monsters' value or danger requires some
capacity to comprehend a bigger picture of the hunt — that
condemning or sparing isolated beings isn't enough to start
a movement or to aid the cause as a whole. Judges' efforts
need to have a more sweeping effect if they're to make
substantial gains against the supernatural. In order to recog-
nize these needs, your character requires at least 3 Zeal, 1
Mercy and | Vision. Once these Virtue scores are achieved,
your Judge understands that he must go to lengths to unite
and inform hunters, to serve justice widely and to create a
tool that represents his accumulated wisdom.

Noparticular Crafts score is required to alter or fashion
an item to be your character's sign or marker. The symbol
need not even be attractive or clearly legible to work. It's
who and what the item represents that's important.

Choosing orcreatinga marker takessome time andeffort,
usually a matter of days or weeks, depending on how often and
for how long your character works on it. At any time of your
choosing, remove a number of Conviction points from your
character's current pool. Record that number in the margin of
your character sheet, or the Storyteller can record it for you.
Each point set aside represents about one hour's creation or
search time. So, if you set aside eight points over the course of
three weeks of game time, yourcharacterdedicateseighthours
to his project in that period.

Ten Conviction must be invested into a completed
marker. The sooner the item is finished the more quickly
your character can communicate his evaluations of crea-


tures and perhaps save (or spare) deserving souls. His
Conviction pool could be drained, though, leaving him
vulnerable or a liability to allies. The longer it takes to
create a tool, the longer creatures go unannounced and
the longer they might threaten unwary hunters' lives —
or run the risk of being destroyed unnecessarily.

Conviction points set aside are considered unavailable
to your character thereafter. They cannot be spent to
activate second sight and defenses against the supernatural,
toactivate edges or to invest into powers. Likewise, Convic-
tion points cannot be risked in the creation of a marker;
pointsare already applied to the effort when they're accumu-
lated. Nor can Willpower points be spent to increase an
item's effectiveness. That Trait has no bearing beyond your
character's mundane, inherent determination.

A marker must be held in hand and make contact with
a creature to brand the subject. Firm contact is required; a
brush is not sufficient. Striking with the object is effective,
assuming the item can withstand the impact. A Judge might
even emboss a ring with his symbol and punch targets,
leavinga physical indentationandan intuitive sign for other
imbued to perceive. A successful Dexterity + Brawl roll
might be necessary to make contact with an evasive target.
Noactual damage need be delivered fora mark to take effect.

A marker can affect incorporeal beings as long as
your character makes contact with the space they oc-
cupy. A spirit possessing a body retains its verdict even
after it abandons the host.

A point of Conviction must also be spent when each
subject is touched successfully (it's not spent in any failed
attempt to mark a creature). The point reinforces your
character's belief in the target's relative worth; it's a
statement of his faith in his own pronouncement. There
is no limit to the total number of verdicts that your
character may deliver during his "career," as long as you
spend a Conviction point on each of them.

A creature bears your Judge's verdict permanently
unless it's altered. Your character can revoke his own
sentence, which requires contact again (although no
more Conviction need be spent). Another Judge can
impose his own verdict on a subject, eliminating your
character's judgment completely, as long as his Zeal score
is higher. A creature can bear only one verdict at a time.

Once a being is marked, your Judge also gainsa limited
sense of its fate thereafter. He innately knows when his
verdict has been violated by another hunter. He gets a
sense of dread if a worthy creature is attacked or destroyed
by another imbued, or if another hunter is in an unworthy
creature's presence and the monster is not harmed or
killed. Your Judge automatically knows which of the
creatures he has marked is involved, over any distance. He
does not know where or how far away the being is.

Verdicts cannot be delivered upon ordinary people. Other
hunters are also immune, although an extremist Judge has
claimed to label at least one other hunter who defied her will.

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

A Judge's symbol can be used only by its creator.
Attempts to apply it by anyone else, even another
arbiter, have no effect. Ifa marker is thoroughly defaced
or damaged or is permanently lost, it loses all of its
significance in the hunt. The Conviction invested is
lost. Another marker may be created from scratch. Your
character may possess only one marker at any one time.

A hunter using second sight notices something strange
about a marker, but cannot identify what's odd about it.
Perception-enhancing edges such as Discern, Witness or
Illuminate offer more information. Perhaps the item iswarm
to the touch ora hunter code sign not of the creator's design
appears. Regardless of what's detected, the object does not
radiate the menace or inhumanity that monsters do.

Humans perceive nothing special about a marker. A
creature with heightened senses might notice something
strange about it, but nothing in particular. Neither humans
nor monsters detect the label that a Judge imposes upon a
subject; only other imbued get a sense of a verdict imposed.

Ultimately, the Storyteller decides whenamarkercan be
created and used effectively. She determines whether your
character understands the need to communicate monsters'
worth to other imbued. A "hanging judge" might not have
much need for a marker if he tends to destroy every creature
he encounters. A "soft" judge who dismisses most creatures he
encounters might not understand that other hunters are more
severe. The Storyteller also decides if the object chosen and
the sign it bears are appropriately inherent and unique to your
character's identity to become tools of the hunt.

Verpicr Versus Brand
Judges' verdict "technique" is different from De- }
fenders' Brand edge. The two are similar in that they
label creatures for other imbued tosee and understand
something about a subject. Brand involves physically
harming a subject, however, and the sign imprinted is
ahunter code symbol. Judges' verdict inflictsno harm f
unto itself (what harm may be delivered later is an-
other matter). It imposes no physical sign or symbol,
either. It communicates a subconscious message to
the hunter mind, instead, informing other imbued
that a creature has been held in judgment and been
# found "innocent" or "guilty." How other hunters
i respond from there is up to them.
} _ It's possible that the two effects draw from some
similar sources behind the mission or from the same
aspect of Messenger will. Brand seems to be deliv-
# ered directly from the Heralds, though, whereas the
verdict technique appears to originate from Judges'
human faculties, resources and skills. This differ-
ence may suggest to some that hunters' calling and
capabilities in general might not be quite the divine
i imperative that many interpret them as, but simply



And let them judge the people at all seasons: and it shall
be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but
every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be easier for
thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee.

— Exodus 18:22

Becoming a Judge involves being a particular kind of person before the imbuing — having a
unique outlook on the world and a particular sense of self. Would-be Judges tend to be planners

and thinkers. They don't often spring unprepared into action. They rationalize what the best

response is to any situation based on what they know and what they've learned. They're often
effective leaders. They seek to get things done carefully and efficiently, organizing and managing
their resources, whether it's information, tools or other people. Above all, potential Judges set
themselves goals to pursue or purposes to adhere to, and they measure most decisions in regard
to how choices fulfill personal agendas or values. Would-be Judges think with the intent to do.
They plan with the intent to succeed. And they discriminate with the intent to realize their hopes.

After the imbuing, all of these qualities make these people the facilitators among the imbued.
They collect and analyze information about monsters, and they act on instinct when past
experience tells them it's the right thing to do. They marshal their fellow imbued who might
otherwise strike in vain against the creatures of the night. Finally, awakened arbiters apply their
sense of right and wrong to decide the best course on the hunt, and to identify who among monsters
and the imbued can be condemned or spared, who is sympathetic and who is anathema.

The following characters represent some of the regular people who have what it takes to set
goals in the war and to set enemies apart from friends. They can be the inspiration for or foundation
of your own character. Just fill in the blanks to make one of them your own.


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

FAME ART

Prelude: You're a lucky guy. You had a job
once—aseries of jobs, in fact. They were okay,
but you never really found your metier. (That's

French for "job you're really good at." One of i&

your kind-of jobs was French tutor.) Everyone
who knew you said you were charming, well
educated, a gentleman and a scholar. You just
never had a great deal of earning potential.

As it happened, you fell in love with
awoman who did. Even luckier, she fell
in love with you. Her computer-pro-
gramming job paid enough to cover
rent and buy food for both of you, so
the money you made restoring an-
tique cars and selling real estate
went straight into the home-buy-
ing fund. You bought a place in
the suburbs when the two of you
were just 24. (Okay, your parents
helped out. A lot. So did hers.)

season before your wife got pregnant. Look-
ing over the books, there was really only one
sensible solution. She took as much mater-
nity leave as she could get away with, and after
that you were "Mr. Mom."

You loved it. It turned out you were really
good at being a dad. A born nurturer. You
raised a healthy, well-adjusted little girl.

Your daughter's entry into kindergarten
left you at loose ends, somewhat. It wasn't so
bad at first, but you started thinking about
going back to work, or volunteering or
finding some way to make yourself useful.

Then came the day you were at the
grocery store when one of your neighbors
was attacked. The thing appeared to
spring from the frozen-food section, but
you couldn't get a good look at it.

Trying to gave you those strange
burns in your eyes that came from
staring at snow in bright sun-

light. Whatever it was, it held

Ms. Madaris by the arm. Was

her hand shattering? Even
stranger, the store-special sign

hanging from the ceiling above

her read, "ABOMINATION
HIDES IN MANY FORMS." What

the hell did that mean, and why did you even notice with
all that was happening?

Whatever the sign meant, you could tell that one

"form" was wrong. You did what any gentleman-scholar

in! would: You rammed the icy thing with your shopping

FZ ) cart, grabbed Ms. Madaris and got the hell away from
there. Everyone else in the store was scattering
everywhere, and someone who looked like
the manager yelled something about a
Freon leak. You could hear sirens in the
distance. That's when you noticed that
Ms. Madaris' hand wasn'tshattered. Her
skin looked like the underside of a scab,
as if it had just healed.

"Thanks for saving me from that
lunatic," she said as she hid her hand

under her folded arms.

All you could think was, "What
lunatic?" And why was she so calm
when everyone else was freakingout?
She was the one who had been at-

tacked! Without any answers, you
mumbledsomething, scratched your
head and grinned your charming
grin. But you knew what you'd
seen, and you knew Ms. Madaris
was hiding something.

Concept: Your various expe-
riences in life have given you a
balanced perspective on the world.
Everything happens fora reason. One
f job has always led to a new one, even
? beinga father, so there's some overrid-
ing purpose to everything that happens.
Youunderstand that some things just have to

be done for better things to come along.
Roleplaying Hints: You're ambivalent
about the things you've seen and the changes
you've experienced. You have an impulse to
keep your head down, guard your family and
let the rest of the world fend for
itself. But so much has gone
your way in life that you feel
4) you have to give something
back. Maybe this is the job
you were always intended for,

and everything else was just résumé-building.
Equipment: Dockers slacks, polo shirt,

minivan, cell phone


Name: NATURE: Caregiver Primary VIRTUE: Zeal
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Conformist CREED: Judgment
CHRONICLE: ConcéPT: Homemaker StarTinGc Convicnon: 3

= bee en sewn, ATTRIBUTES Sem ete See Se
PHYSICAL Social MENTAL
Strength—————_ @ ® 0 0.0 Charisma @@e@00 Perception @e@e00
Dexterity—____ ® ® 0 0 O Manipulation @@000 Intelligence eeeoo
Stamina—_____ © ® 0 OO Appearance @e000 Wits @eeo0o0
© pee 08 See AB)))T)ES SS et ee er
TALENTS SKILLs KNOWLEDGES
Alertnes____O O OOO Animal Ken. @® O O00 Academics eeooo
Athletics_____O O O00 Crafts_(CarMaintenance) @ O O O O Bureaucracy. @e@eooo
Awareness_____O O 0 0 O__ Demolitions OO0000 Computer____® ®000
Brawl__.__ Oo O000 Drive ®@ 0000 Finance—__® D0 OO
Dodge_______@® 0000 Etiquette______@ O 0 O O Investigation. @eeooo
Empathy_____@® @® 000 Firearms_____O OOOO id 0:'0'0 0
Expression____@ ® 000 Melee____900000 Linguistics_inim! @ @O000O
Intimidation OO0000 Performance OOO000O Medicine ____0 0000
Intuition__® 0 OOO Security O OOOO Occult OOO OO
Leadership__._ @ 0000 Stealth__-—__-_-__0 OO OO Politis_ttwmwm»sSss @e OO OO
Streetwise. OO O00 Survival... @0000 Research__. @ @®@®00
Subterfuge___- ® O OOO Technology. @@000 Science Oo OOOO
oe a NP VN AGES SRR amosees neta SECIS
BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
Name CREED LEVEL = TRIGGER Mercy VISION ZEAL

Contacts _mo£|.©@@0QO0OO ODiscern Judgment @OOOO 1 @x Ouas @_x

Soulmate WitmiDudu @ @ OO O Bluster Redemption @OO00O ee =

Resources ©@@OO0O0 ——————_00000. 40__ OL om

OOOGIO 22. = 3.66060 a a =

S960 a, O0000__- 740. OD an

ODO 00 —_..__...00060 a —_ id

00000 ——_ ———00000———— nO: 0-— oe ==

Som 2 ee SED ee i ee ee Sy
ewe DERANGEMENTS +—memme 9 eeemecunm=CONVICTION mem emcee HEAITH eee ee

@e@e@e0000000 — Q
en = WILLPOWER «== ee ee Hurt -1Q
e@e@ee@e00000 ae 1Q
goQgqgo0g0o000090 ae eas
aaa» EXPERIENCE —=— om Crippled 50
Incapacitated Q


HUNTERBOOK: JUDGE

Prelude: There are over a billion children on planet Earth, and you guess not one of them ever says, "When I grow up,
| want to run an emissions test station!" Sure, you're not curing cancer, but the law says cars that pollute have to get fixed
or get off the road, so you're a part of the solution. The job has a good pension plan and retirement benefits. You've been there
for a decade, so it's practically impossible for you to get canned and the money's okay. It's not fulfilling, but it's not bad.

—~ Most of the time, you actually think about fishing. Damn, you love fishing. You like fishing
WSN with your buddies, you like fishing alone, you like fishing in a stream, off a dock, off a boat, in
SENN a lake. You even like ice fishing. You got to go deep-sea fishing once, and you liked that, too.
as So one day you were on the creek near that abandoned backwoods church, and you got
this weird feeling. It wasa gorgeous day, but suddenly you felt cold and sick. The crickets were
buzzing and made the weirdest sound, just like a voice saying, "THE WORLD IS
DEVOURED." You looked up and the churchyard was erupting! Old bones that should
have been at rest were getting up! You could see a swarm of shadows that looked like
they were fighting over the bones evenas the bodies labored to pull themselves up.
Then you heard the howls. Out of the woods came four... things. Animals,
but not like any you'd ever seen. They were huge and somehow intelligent-
looking. Gnashing and snarling, they charged at the corpses,. It wasn't enough.
Every blow from their claws smashed and scattered bones, but for every corpse

they tore away from the shadows, there were two more to take its place.

You made your choice. Somehow, you knew which didn't belong, and
you found yourself alongside the animals, screaming and smashing bones
with the hammer from your tackle box. It still wasn't enough. The best you
can describe is that it felt like the shadows were trying to suck out your soul.

Then one of the animal-things grabbed you like a rag doll, and the whole
pack took off. When you finally stopped, the things seemed to be fighting
over you, mayhe to decide which ane would ear you.
That's when one changed — and looked almost like a person, but still not.
It asked some weird questions that you didn't understand. You just shook your
head, tried to tell them that if they took you back, you thought maybe this symbol
— you could see it in your head — might make things right. Somehow, that
calmed most of them down, Even if they didn't take you back to the cemetery,
they left you alone and let you live.
You haven'tseen anything odd in the woods since then (it's not as if you stopped
fishing). But sometimes you do hear howls in the distance. It makes you wonder. The
newspaper said there wasa tremor in the vicinity of the old church. Italso said motorists
have vanished in the area. That makes you wonder, too.
What makes you wonder most of all: Sometimes at work, you see things. They look
like people, but when you look again, look closely, you can see that they aren't. Maybe a
hundred people go through your station every day. You don't see a thing every day. But since
that fishing trip, there hasn't been a week that you haven't seen something. Just to feel safer, you
spray-painted that symbol in your head onto the roof of your station.
For now, you just jot down their names, addresses and tag numbers. All that information
is easy to find — it's right there. You haven't taken any action, though. Not yet.
Concept: You're an invisible minor government functionary who's in a position
to see a lot of people pass by. No one pays you much attention, and no one expects
you to pay attention to them.

Roleplaying Hints: You keep your mouth shut until you have something
worthwhile to say. You're extremely patient, unflappable and calm. It's hard to
upset you. After all, you've got the government on your side.

Equipment: Clipboard, fishing rod, well maintained pickup truck


i,

Name: Nature: Traditionalist PRIMARY VIRTUE: Zeal.
PLAyER: DEMEANOR: Conformist CREED: Judgment
CHRONICLE: ConcEPT: Minor Functionary StarTING CoNvICTION: 3

S pam. an ewe ATIRIBUTES Sigma mete [ep Ley

PHYSICAL Social MENTAL
Strength—____. @ ® ® 00 Charisma_____@ ®000 Perception(émuDnii® ©

@@eo
Dexterity—_____ © @ ®@ 00 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @eeoo0oo
Stamina —Bearwithi) @ @ @ @ O Appearance @e000 Wit ee e000
© bee ek Swe AB) )))ES Se ete ee
< TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness_____@® @® © 0 O Animal Ken @@000 Academics. O0000
Athletics______@ @@00 Crafts_iCutogns) © OOOO Bureaucracy. @e@eeo0oo0
Awareness Disuhances)® @ @ @ O Demolitions QOO0000 Computer____@ 90 00
Brawl._______.0:0:0.0'0 Drive——____®0600°0 Finance———_ 0 0 0010
Dodge___® 0000 Etiquette______O O 0 O O. Investigation Oo0000
Empathy______O 0000 Firearms____§_® ®0O0OO0O Law—W#++=+=+$$§=$=$=+_=_ 0 0000
Expression_____O 0000 Melee______0 000 O Linguistics. O0000
Intimidation OO0000 Performance OO0000 Medicine ____0 0000
Intuition _t__@® ® 000 Security 9 0000 Occult___o0oo0oo0oo0o
Leadership QO0000 Stealtth_____90 0000 Politics_ttmwm__.e@ e000
Streetwise O0000 Survival. © @®0O0OO Reseach. OO000
Subterfuge @0000 Technology. 00000 Science_____0 O0O0O
, ee ee eee ADVANTAGES Se mete ee Se
BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
Name Creep LEVEL ~— TRIGGER Mercy VISION ZEAL

Database __s @® OOOO Discem _ Judgment OOOO0O. io OW, @x

Steel Nerves @ O00 0 Anathema dudgment 00000 nn ss

Influence __mo.__@ OOOO OQO0000. 4O0__ So >

Resources __-@@®@0OO 00000 +a a =

00000 00000 70 0ClCOO (aie

O0O000 ————__00000. 80. [e) Ou
00000 ON0000. es 2 :

© bel 2. ee SSD eee ee Ce Ee
ewemau DERANGEMENTS +—eme 9 ememacen= CONVICTION mem emcee HEALTH eee
ee@eooooododoo Bruised

Q

xm = W)LLPOWER= =e ms Hurt 1Q

@ee@eooooo0odo aia ae
ounade: -

QoO000o0o0000 Mauled 29

vane EXPERIENCE ——=m Crippled 50

Incapacitated Q


—= F<
nr A
Vv \

‘Are You Stine she's legal? She doesri't look Ps to me.

SH Prelude: You've been managing the band since the days when they played
. biker bars for free beer. You've taken them from sleeping in their van, amid their
own discarded hamburger wrappers, to a top-10 single and a tour with a major act.
Nowadays, they still sleep in their own filth, but at least they're doing it in four-
star hotels and you can get a room of your own.

It hasn't been an easy climb. There have been overdoses, assaults, paternity
suits, stalkers, bail-outs, freak-outs and (now and again) dry-outs. But you've stuck
with them. They've got talent and charisina and enough sex appeal to earn a
platinum record, but deep down you know that the four of them together
don't have the common sense God gave one of your short hairs. They're
good boys, but they just have a deep, abiding and thorough ignorance
of their own best interests.

So even though you're technically their employee, you have
to be the authority figure. You have to make sure the groupies
are over 21 (you used to stick to 18 until you had to pay a
gigantic fine and an equally huge out-of-court settlement after

that 19-year-old got alcohol poisoning backstage). You make

sure the band is ready to go at something resembling its sched-
uled time, you keep their drug habits under control, you get them
their fair share of the T-shirt profits, and you make sure their
sandwiches backstage have the crusts cut off.

And now you have to keep an eye out for demons, too. You'd heard
there were plenty of predators in the music business, but you always
thought it was a metaphor. Then one night there was a riot in the

audience, and you saw some 10-foot-tall special effects fighting a gang of
corpses. That made the whole crowd hysterical, and your employers too. So
you did what any manager would do: Pushed a speaker onto one of the

things, dragged the band off stage and yelled, "No refunds!"

Now you've discovered that some club owners you've known for
years are dead (and still walking), and most record companies are top-
heavy with blood slaves. Is there a sinister supernatural conspiracy
controlling world media? If so, can you stop it?

Or could you use it to get a number-one hit?

Concept: You manage an up-and-coming rock band. You're used
to dealing with big hassles and bad weirdness. But the hassles were
never this big before, or this badness this weird.

Roleplaying Hints: No one is exactly your equal. They're either
above you (and must be wheedled, cajoled and babied) or they're
beneath you (and can be bullied, commanded and condescended
to). You're at your best in a crisis. In fact, the past six years with

of of the band have pretty much been one crisis after another.
| Equipment: Pager, cell phone, address book, Maalox,
i E embossed leather humidor full of Cuban cigars, gold lighter
ANY SAN that you swiped from Mick Jagger (and since convinced him
b Pane YS he gave you in a moment of drunken camaraderie).

S93 Gos


Nave: Nature: Adjudictor
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Director

Primary VIRTUE: Zeal

e)

(@)
[e)

OO0O000000000

CREED: Judgment
CHRONICLE: Conc#PT: Professional Friend STarmiNc Convicnion: 3
© pee cen ooo, ATTRIBUTES Siem mete See See
PHYSICAL Social MENTAL
Strengthh—_—___ @ ® 0 0O  Charisma__t__@® ® ® 0 O Perception @eeeod
Dexterity—_____.® ® 0 00 ManipulationGaxme @ @ @ O Intelligence @eeoo
Stamina—_____ ®© ® ® OO Appearance @e000 Wits @@eoo
© eee ee ewe AB)))T)ES SS te ee Se
< TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES
Alertness_____® 0 0 OO Animal Ken. QO0000 Academics @eooo
Athletis__t___O 0000 Craftt____SESESESESO OO O00 Bureaucracy. @eooo
Awareness ____O O 0 OO. Demolitions 00000 Computer____O 000
Brawl ___.__.__. 0 '6'0'O © ‘Drive. 0:0 0:0 Finance 9 @' 0'0
Dodge______@® 0000 Etiquette_____@ O O O O Investigation @ooo
Empathy_____@® @® OOO Firearms___® O000 Law____ e000
Expression_____O OOOO Melee_+____90 0 0 O O Linguistics, (oe me xe)
Intimidation @0000 Performance OOO0OO0O0O Medicine_____@® 0 0 O
Intuition-_-__O0 OOOO Security. © OO 00 Occult dO OO OO
Leadership__...© @®0O0OO Stelth_-_O OO OO Politis_t o000
Streetwise @eooo Survival i OOO0OO00 Research___....0000
Subterfuge @@@0 0 Technology. O0000 Science_____0 OOO
> pate 20k seem ADVANTAGES Gee eee ee SE
BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
Name CREED LEVEL ~—s TRIGGER Mercy VISION ZEAL
Allies ___$§_@®QO0OOO Discem _Judgment ©0000 10 o— @_x
20. [e} ox
= =
Contacts _______-@ @@@O Ward _jefense @OO000-—_ 30__ O__ eo
Grace Under Pressure @ @ @ OO Lo @ @ 4O0__ a OW
Influence __ @@®@0OO 00000. 4 a =
Resources ___@ @®@®@O 66000: 4G oOo ao
Steel Nerves _____@@OOO —————_ 00000 4 o ow
O0O000 OOOOO. 100 O_ OQ

ewecx DERANGEMENTS +—eeemme 9 eemmmaczan= CONVICTION =e ner me
@e@e@eooooodo

aa = WILLPOWER === —— me
@eee@ee@eeooddoodoo

DOOGagHdOOOaR
aaa» EXPERIENCE —=——emm

SS eR een Eee Oe ie Se)

eum HEALTH ee ee

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

-l
-l
-2
-2
5

OOOOOCOO


HUNTERBQOK: JUDGE

PROMINENT JUDGES

The most dedicated, persistent and insightful among
Judges have gained some renown among their fellow
imbued, either through talk on the street or posts to the
Internet. As information-gatherers, organizers, planners
and strategists, these people have proved their worth
repeatedly by helping less focused and prepared chosen
score minor victories — or simply stay alive. And yet,
arbiters' reputations begin to tarnish as some become so
focused on their personal interpretations of right and
wrong, good and evil, that they enforce their ideals upon
"lesser" imbued. These Judges become juggernauts, and
might not forego their crusade even for "allies."

Wittiaw BRrYANy, AKA SOLOMON

Plagued by self-doubt, yet aggressive and decisive in
the face of an enemy, William Bryant is a tightly bound
bundle of contradictions. He hunts monsters because he
believes it's the right thing to do, but he is haunted by
guilt that stems from his imbuing. Known as Solomon
on hunter mailing lists, William was a successful busi-
nessman who transformed the family real-estate
brokerage from a perennial also-ran into a force to be
reckoned with. William had money, respect and power.

And in a heartbeat, it all turned to ashes.

William's younger brother Roderick was always the
family hell-raiser. While William toiled away at the
business in the '60s, Roderick lived the life of a bohe-
mian artist. He rarely showed up at family gatherings,
and he spent most of his time jetting around the world
to attend all the hot gallery openings and art shows.

Years passed as the brothers followed their separate
paths. William rarely heard from Roderick and had
enough problems of his own that he barely noticed. The

brothers' parents insisted on siphoning away a signifi-
cant portion of the firm's profits for their personal use.
William was unconcerned at first, but as competition
became heated, he grew increasingly frustrated by the
financial handcuffs his parents applied. His relationship
with them slowly soured.

After William's parents passed away in the late '80s,
he finally learned the truth. The diverted money had
actually gone to support Roderick's life as a "starving"
artist. Roderick had simply bought his way into the
inner circles of the art world, making up for his total lack
of talent with money, drugs and an engaging personal-
ity. Blaming Roderick for sabotaging his relationship
with their parents and for hamstringing the family
business, William cut the cash flow and left his brother
practically broke and stranded in Europe.

Years passed with not a word between the brothers.
Every day, William had to run a business that he knew
would be bigger and far more profitable but for his
family's abuses. One night, William received a call from
Roderick. Little brother was in the States and asked to
meet with William. William was imbued during that
meeting in his own study. Desperate for support after
being cut off, Roderick had fallen in with things and had
become one himself. Learning of his brother's condi-
tion, William flew into a rage, struggled with Roderick
and flung him into the fireplace, where the younger
brother burned to death.

In the weeks that followed, William learned how
pervasive the corruption that had engulfed Roderick
really was. There were creatures everywhere, even in
the business community. Horrified, William abandoned
his former life for one better suited to deal with the
truth. Indeed, he led a group of allies for a time before
awakening to an even higher calling. Sickened by what
he viewed as weakness and cowardice among other
imbued, William decided to pass judgment on those not
committed to all-out war against the supernatural. By
his reckoning, a hunter who is not doing everything in
her power to destroy monsters is part of the problem.

Yet, William's conscience gnaws at him; he's not
sure whether he killed his brother for being a monster or
because he hated Roderick for betraying the family and
living a life of luxury he never earned. William is
dangerous if only because he feels he has so much to
prove to himself. No sacrifice is too great fora man who
feels he has already lost everything.

Francois Loran, AKA WARDEN

Known on the English hunter lists as "Warden,"
Francois Loehr is possibly the most influential of Europe's
imbued. His status is partially due to Tarjiman's efforts to
translate his well-reasoned and articulate posts from
French into English, Arabic and Italian. Even without
the widespread dissemination of his ideas, however,


Frangois' connections to law enforcement and to the
criminal population of his native Belgium would give
him vital information and access in conducting the hunt.

Frangois is the warden of a maximum-security
prison in southern Belgium. He was "awakened" dur-
ing a near-riot, at the same time as two of his guards
and three of his prisoners.

Frangois always prided himself on running a fairly
clean prison. Sure, there were abuses, there was corrup-
tion — but such things happen in the best of
penitentiaries, and he felt his was better than most.
Now, however, he finds himself tempted to break the
tules in the name of higher duty.

His awakened prisoners are ideal pawns in a war
against the supernatural. One, a gun smuggler named
Poe (see Hunter Book: Avenger, p. 94), is a vicious
fighter and a remorseless killer. Armande Artaud, a
former terrorist, is an arson and demolitions expert
serving a life sentence for several firebombings perpe-
trated in the 1960s. His connections to political radicals
are decades stale, but his skill at making buildings burn
is as sharp as ever. Finally, there is Klaus Graeber, a
burglar and rapist who targeted elderly widows. Graeber
reasoned that his victims would be too ashamed to
report his crimes to the police. Generally, he was
correct. Graeber is nonetheless extremely adept at his
chosen craft. He was captured only after being betrayed
by his fence as part of a plea bargain.

These three are Francois' tools, but they cannot be
used without cost. Every time he issues them "passes" is
an opportunity for escape — an escape that would not
only loose a menace from prison, but that would cost
him his position and draw the attention of higher
authorities and his prey to himself... and his family.

CHAPTER 6: PRESIDING JUDGES

It's not easy for Francois to sneak the prisoners out.
They can be shuffled into the infirmary and extricated
from there. They can be assigned to solitary confine-
ment as an excuse for absences from the general
population. Armande is even eligible for work release,
under highly controlled circumstances. But Francois
knows that every time he arranges a mission, he neces-
sarily shows his prisoners the weaknesses in his facility.
Yet he cannot bring himself to look away while blood
drinkers infest NATO and sorcerers exert their influ-
ence in the European Community.

As he becomes more familiar with the community
of awakened in Europe, Frangois hopes to make use of
his three weapons less frequently. Yet, part of him hates
risking the lives of decent folk against monsters — not
only because Poe, Klaus and Armande won't be missed
if they're killed, but because the three prisoners are
more likely to succeed and survive.

PRoFite

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Bu-
reaucracy 3, Computer 1, Dodge 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 2,
Firearms 2, Intimidation 3, Investigation 3, Law 2,
Leadership 3, Linguistics 2, Security 3, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arsenal 1, Contacts 3,
Influence 3, Resources 3

Edges: (Judgment) Discern, Burden; (Defense) Ward

Zeal: 5, Conviction: 5, Willpower: 5

Dr. Carteron Yan Wyk, ake Docroriis

Carleton Van Wyk was never a very good physi-
cian. His skills were adequate, but his brusque and


clinical manner did not endear him to his patients.
He eventually moved into medical research and fo-
rensics. He did much better operating on people who
couldn't complain — until one corpse sat up and
tried to claw his face off.

Carleton survived, but was unable to explain the
condition of the morgue to the hospital. He was cen-
sured by the AMA for "unethical research" and kept his
license only by cashing in some major favors.

Once fired by the hospital, he became a discreet
abortionist by profession, but spent the majority of his
time striving to learn the demonstrable, provable, sci-
entific truth about the walking dead. He doesn't think
of it as a way to clear his name (not consciously,
anyway). He genuinely wants to help humanity. He just
doesn't deal well with individual humans.

It doesn't help that many of the people he's met
since his imbuing have wound up dead. Jared Shoe-
maker and Scott Fairlane in Chicago, three others in
Cleveland — all deceased, while he survives. The
worst by far was Duane Kinniard in Cincinnati.
Carleton and Duane worked as "deprogrammers" for
the Blood Cult Awareness Network, seizing and trying
to rescue those who were ensnared by "blood cults."
Only Carleton and Duane were aware of the true
foundation of these groups, and Duane wound up

corrupted and co-opted by the forces they fought...
until Carleton killed him.

Carleton is scrupulously polite, but generally seems
standoffish, superior and a bit of a "cold fish." He tries
very hard to keep his emotions under control, but every
now and then they burst forth in displays of anger,
sorrow or hysteria. Carleton is always profoundly em-
barrassed after he loses his composure.

Currently, he plans to return to Chicago, in hopes
that the heat has died down there.

PROFILE

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception (Small
Details) 5, Intelligence (Logical Analysis) 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness (Normal Sight) 5,
Brawl 1, Bureaucracy 1, Computer 1, Dodge 3, Drive 1,
Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 1,
Medicine 3, Research 2, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Grace Under Pressure 5,
Resources 3, Steel Nerves 3

Edges: (Judgment) Discern, Burden; (Defense)
Ward, Rejuvenate; (Visionary) Foresee

Zeal: 6, Vision: 2, Conviction: 7, Willpower: 9

wad

ERICK FRANCO, AKA SHOPHET

Duty was always foremost for Erick Franco even before
his imbuing. In his California youth, he felt it was his duty
to be a good Jew. During his stint in the Israeli army, he
knew he had to protect the Jewish homeland. So, years
later, despite having drifted away from his faith and having
ended his time as a soldier, when he heard the Call and saw
the dead things he knew it was duty time again.

Erick believed that he and the others imbued along-
side him had been given a new form of a very old duty,
that all of them were shophetim, the judges who guided
the ancient Israelites in times of war and oppression.
But Erick and his allies had a greater charge than the
shophetim of old: They had to guide all humanity in an
invisible war against dybbuks and worse.

Soon enough, Erick realized that not all imbued
were created equal. He ran afoul of two hunters, Peleus
and Van Owen, whose depredations easily were as evil
as anything the hidden creatures did. Erick killed Van
Owen and intended the same for Peleus when the latter
seemingly died trying to kill one of Erick's imbued allies.

Erick's dismay after learning of Peleus' survival (re-
turn?) grew into an obsession with the other hunter's
destruction. Along with two imbued associates, Erick
became a wanderer searching for his nemesis and com-
bating nightcrawlers. Unfortunately, he recently gained
a powerful new enemy and lost his longtime allies Sarin
and Michelle. Now, he is pursuer and pursued, ever a step
behind Peleus and just ahead of asorcerernamed Koepell®.


Justice Is Blind

"For your crimes against humanity, I find you guilty!
May God have mercy on your soul!"

Judges: the self-appointed lawgivers among hunters.
Judges understand that evil is a choice, not an
affliction. The abomination who stalks and kills
people can be a monster... or one of the imbued.
What drives these hunters to decide who lives and
who dies? Arrogance? Prudence? Insight? The answer

could tip the scales.

&

Justice Is Served

Hunter Book: Judge is
part of a Hunter: The
Reckoning series dedicated
to the creeds, the character

™ types of the imbued. Learn
ye Judges' philosophies,
motives and ultimate
goals in weighing the
crimes of the
supernatural. All
these new Traits, edges
and rules help ensure
that the punishment fits
the crime. Court is always
~* in session.

181565

HOrTD of

pe st T/A)
- SF. sg ANDELN -

ae 0 i "ling Ling) 7
*REAx 78: oa

047433
