# File: Killing Streets.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Mjcuaz. Bumier anp Guy-Francjs VELLA

2 Kinprep oF tHe East

ED|TS Sprcja. THanxs
Authors: Michael Butler (Prelude, Streets of Blood, To Astrid, Oliver, Nina, Alex and all the rest for
Storytelling) and Guy-Francis Vella (Introduction, To showing me that Germans really do have more fun.

Live and Die, Appendix) Thanks, guys.
Developer: Philippe R. Boulle To Joshua "Blitz-Visit" Mosqueira for blowing
Editor: Diane M. Piron-Gelman through Atlanta to check up on an old friend and watch
Art Director: Brian Glass him drink too much.

Layout & Typesetting: Brian Glass

Interior Art: Steve Ellis, Fred Hooper, Christopher
Shy and Shane White

Front Cover Art: Christopher Shy

Front & Back Cover Design: Brian Glass

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Repro-
735 PARK NORTH BLID. duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
& Suite 108 forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
CLARKSTON, GA 3002 Ascension, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks
USA of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter
CAME STUDIO the Reckoning, Werewolfthe Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade,
Wraith theGreat War, Trinity, Killing Streets, Half-DamnedDhampyr,
Kindred of the East, Kindred of the East Companion, Nights of Prophecy, Shadow War, World of Darkness Demon
Hunter X, World of Darkness HongKongand World of Darkness Tokyo are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
A\ll rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.


Crepjrs anp ConTeNTs

——____—_—_————Tas.e or Contents

Prewupe: REVENGE

JNTRODUCT|ON: ON THE KjLijNG STREETS

Cuapter One: To Ljve anp Dje

CuapteR Two: Streets or Biocon

CuapTer THREES STORYTELLING

Appennjx: Roap Ruies ror THE Dark MetRoPoLjs

10
18
48
80

96


Prewwpes REVENGE

PRECLUDE:
REVENGE

Of course, if you ask me, Shanghai is a complete
shit-hole. Always has been, always will be. The best
thing that everhappened to the place was the Bishamon,
and that's not saying much. The only thing better
would be a nuke, or maybe some Genji, but ever since
the locals got serious about kicking us gaki out, that's
not likely.

I was only there in the first place because I had
some killing to do. I'd heard that an old pal of mine was
operating on the docks. I owed him for putting a bullet
in my skull back in ‘69 and I figured I'd better take care
of him before someone else beat me to it.

Trouble was, my old buddy — Kensuke Moritomo
— was working for Ueda-san, a heavy-hitter with the
Bishamon back home in Japan. Smart guy that I am, I
decided to cut a deal with his bosses rather than take
my chances with a Bishamon hit squad. Ever since the
Chinese turned up the heat back in ‘98, my fellow
Japanese had been running a pretty lean operation in
Shanghai. I figured just walking in and offing one of
their few remaining mortal bosses might not go down
too well. I've seen punks get permanent suntans fora
lot less than what | was planning.

Tcut the deal with Sakamoto-san, Ueda-san's ma-
jordomo. It was simple: a life for a life. He wanted one
of the local Triad bosses to die; he wanted it to look like
ahit by the Shanghai Green Triad. The idea was to stir
up trouble between the Chink Kuei to distract
them from finishing off the Bishamon. After that,
Kensuke was mine. It sounded like a good deal to me;
I've never had anything against killing Chinese.

So there I was, casing a skuzzy old warehouse off
Zhonghua Road in the Old Town. I'd spent the last
couple of nights checking out the neighborhood; it was
all seedy old compound houses and cheap new ware-
houses. Hadn't these people ever heard of zoning laws?

It was the kind of neighborhood where the merchants
bought cheap storage space and relied on suspicious,
interfering locals to keep an eye on things for them.
There was also a pretty mean wu, the Blood Circle, in
the area. Nice name. They didn't much like anyone
who wasn't Chinese, so I'd kept a low profile.

It was beginning to rain. I'd forgotten my umbrella,
so in less than a minute I was soaked and the streets
were stinking. In Tokyo, when it rains it smells like hot
asphalt. In Shanghai, when it rains it smells like a
garbage dump. The rain washed all the uncollected
garbage and food scraps and dog turds into the gutters.
I decided to avoid stepping in puddles when a brown
lump floated past my feet.

I caught the sound of an approaching car. I'd set up
shop in a siheyuan across the road and two gates down
from the warehouse. It was a typical old compound
house, four apartments around a small courtyard. The
little old lady who lived at the front was one of the
party's little old spies. Only the geniuses that run this
country would recruit neighborhood busybodies and
turn them into state informers. I killed her and the rest
of the families in the siheyuan, and sat their still-warm.
bodies up around tables and couches in case the Triad
guards had IR gear with them. Can't be too careful
these days.

I grabbed a filthy old robe from one of the filthy old
corpses and shuffled out to the gate. I'd noticed a mad
old geezer standing there, staring out into the street at
night, so I figured I'd do the same. Besides, it gave me
a chance to get a look at my target. Two cars were
pulling up at the warehouse. One was an old-looking
black Mercedes; the other was anew-looking red Nissan.
Probably hijacked froma Hong Kong ferry. 1 knew a
couple of guys who'd messed with some HK pirates.
Turned out they were all still serving with the People's


Liberation Navy and were making the heists because
the government — which often bought container-
loads of stolen cars from the PLN — couldn't afford to
pay their wages.

Two punks got out of the Nissan. One headed for
the door of the warehouse; the other pulled the hood of
his raincoat up over his head and crossed the road. By
the time he'd made it downto my'gate, 1 was pressed
back against the wall, out of sight.

I heard the Mercedes' doors open, footsteps, and
the door of the warehouse closing. | flipped up and over
the wall, landing behind the punk with the raincoat. I
cut his throat from ear to earas I raised my pistol. Three
silenced shots and the guard by the door went down. I
ditched the pistol and let the body drop, and raced for
the door.

Yes, purred my Demon, kill them all. I pushed it back
down. Now was definitely not the time.

[ll give the bodyguards credit. I came through the
door pretty fast, but they opened fire before the splin-
ters finished hitting the ground. 1 caught something
moving fast behind them — my target.

I spun in place, smashed the fingers of the closest
guard with my foot and grabbed his piece —a sawed-off
shotgun. As he backed up and reached fora pistol, I hit
the deck. He went down as shots from his buddies
missed me and opened him up like a melon. Tufts of the
plants growing in pots on the benches behind him flew
straight up into the air; it started raining diced flowers
and greenery. | rolled across the floor and grabbed
another gunman's wrist, yanked him towards me and
jammed the shotgun barrel into his armpit. He screamed
like a woman as the blast took off his arm and tore into
the side of his head.

The last two guards were backing up and laying
down lots of lead, so | charged. A bunch of slugs caught
me square in the chest, but all they did was piss me off.
The guards had that deer-in-the-headlights look now;
I jumped, kicking one square in the forehead and
fracturing his skull. Dropping, I caught his partner
around the neck and dragged him down with me. I've
always liked American wrestling; his neck broke with
a nice crunch when we hit the concrete floor.

+ & o*

I should've known | was being set up. It seemed
simple enough at the time, and looking back, that's
what should've made me nervous. I'd been running
around Tokyo for a couple of decades, causing trouble
and looking for ways to impress the ancestors. Nobody
wants to be a shit-kicker forever.

Then we got word on the street that an important
message for the Bishamon was coming from Shanghai
through Tokyo. Trouble was, it was being carried by a
heimin, so nobody could touch the messenger.

That's what they tell you in the courts. What
nobody tells you is that when it comes down to it,

Kaine Streets

there's no such thing as an untouchable. My uji —
the Genji — were always on the lookout for ways to
mess with the Bishamon. | decided to take a risk and
have a private conversation with the heimin. He
wasn'thard to find; like a lot of other guys who think
they're untouchable, he didn't take many precau-
tions. His mistake.

T caught up with him in a crowded bar in Shinjuku.
I recognized him immediately; it was Shinji Ogawa.
Shinji was a, smart-ass punk from Nagasaki. Maybe
that's what fucked him up so much. It was sure as hell
the thing that killed him the first time.

The second time? That was me. It was just too
damned easy. I put a small bomb in his car (which he
never bothered tocheck), and when he hit the road for
Narita airport, it went off. I was first on the scene. The
poor dumb sap actually thought I-was gonna help him.
Fat chance. I needed to extract some information. He
didn't want to give it up, so I had to persuade him.
Things didn't go too well for him after that.

The message he was carrying didn't seem like it
would be much use to me at first. It was all in code —
you know, "the rising sun travels north, the blue butter-
fly alights on the red pole," that sort of crap — but
when | asked him who gave him the message, I hit pay
dirt. Kensuke Moritomo, my old buddy. I hadn't dis-
covered anything that'd help my uji, but revenge would
be just as good.

Kensuke, growled the voice of my bad conscience,
how nice it'll be to see you again...

ae a

"Impressive. But your opponents had little skill.
Who are you, little devil, and what do you want?"

My target — Xiao Wei — was standing on the
edge of a skylight in the roof, looking down at me. |
looked around at the wrecked nursery. It was quiet,
except for the rain hitting the concrete floor and
drumming on the plants. There was a wet smack as a
body slid from a trestle table and hit the ground. An
earthy-smelling slurry of blood, rainwater and potting
mix covered the floor.

"Xiao Wei, I assume?" After all this effort, | didn't
want to kill the wrong person.

"You have come for me." It was a statement, not a
question. Good. I hate dealing with amateurs.

"Nothing personal. But I've got to kill you before |
can kill someone else." It was true; | didn't really want
to kill her. Then again, | didn't not want to kill her.
And I definitely wanted to kill Kensuke.

She was a typical turn-of-the-century Chinese.
Handsome rather than pretty, of medium height and
build, wearing a gray peasant's smock and skirt. She was
drenched, of course. I decided to take a closer look. She
took a step back from the hole when I jumped up.

"And whose death is so important to you that it
requires mine as well?"

"An old friend."

"Clearly a friend no longer. Do you know what
you're doing? What your vengeance will cause? Or are
you just another running monkey, satisfying your lusts
and scratching your balls when they itch but never
wondering why?"

Don't talk! Kill her! She's dangerous! Clever demon.
Inever would have figured that out by myself.

"Madam, let me tell you something. I hate this
place. I hate the Chinese and you Kuei-jin only make
it worse. If you all went back to the hells you crawled
out of tomorrow, we'd all be better for it. So] don't care
what you think of me, or mine, or your politics or your
history. I care about my revenge."

"see. Gaki fool. Think who benefits the most from
my death. Whose hands are clean, and whose purpose
does it serve?"

She almost nailed me. | barely saw the bloodlash
coming — she must have cut open one of her wrists
while we were talking. | caught amovement out of the
corner of my eye and hit the deck, but it still gouged
the side of my face and took off some hair and part of
my left ear.

Against a Kuei-jin, I didn't have time to think. I
called forth my demon body and screamed as my flesh
twisted and re-shaped. Not a pretty sight, but good for
fighting. Lots of spines and claws and big teeth and
bony plates. The pain felt pretty good.

More! More! my demon raged. It wanted complete
control. I ignored it.

Xiao Wei took a step back. I jumped at her but she
was too quick. I fell through the roof and landed on a
mound of potting mix. I jumped up but she was on me
again with the bloodlash, cutting long and deep into
my left arm.

"Idiot! Did you think you could take me? Your
stupidity will only bring you oblivion."

Tt was about then I realized I'd been had. Xiao Wei
was going to kill me and an attack by a gaki would give
the Kuei-jin all the excuse they needed to push us out
of Shanghai entirely. I was scared. I was mad at myself
for being set up. I was mad at Sakamoto for setting me
up. | was madder than hell.

Yesss...

Once I realized that, letting my demon take com-
plete control was easy. And just like when I let it shape
my body, I screamed because the pain felt so good. |
guess Xiao Wei put up a hell of a fight; by the time I
regained control, the warehouse was trashed and one of
her arms was hanging out of my mouth. I decided I'd
better go before someone made a fu

That's when Hashimoto and his boys walked in.

The negotiations had gone pretty well. Sakamoto
was an oily old bastard who'd spent his mortal life

7

buggering his rich daddy's servants and shorting their
pay. Eventually, one of them got fed up and stabbed
him to death with a pair of shears.

Now he spent his time making sure problems didn't
reach Ueda-san's ears. 1 wanted to know if there was
some favor I could do for his boss that would get him to
let me kill Kensuke. As it turned out, there was — and
it was even in Shanghai. Convenient, eh?

We met one night in a private room at an expen-
sive, traditional restaurant. I had to get dressed up in
traditional gear for it. What a bore. There are reasons
we wear jeans and tee-shirts; not needing to take hours
to get "properly dressed" is one of them.

"Ogawa-san, so pleasant to see you. It is not often
that I have the pleasure of conversation with a vigorous
young monkey like yourself."

He was goading me, just to see if I'd blow my stack
or put up with it. I was cool.

"Sakamoto-san, you honor me with your generous
invitation. | rarely have the opportunity to meet an
ancestor as venerable as your esteemed self." I can kiss
ass with the best of them.

We kept up the witty banter for about an hour.
Finally, we got down to business.

"You say you wish to take the life of an associ-
ate, but do not wish to bring down our wrath upon
your head."

"You are most wise, honored ancestor. This under-
ling is replaceable to your organization, but irreplace-
able for the peace of my tortured soul. Yet I respect and
fear your power; if you would but name a suitable price
in exchange, I would be glad to pay it."

Okay, so it wasn't poetry. But | was making an
effort and I think Sakamoto appreciated it.

"Very well. Were we to consider your offer, we
would think about a suitable price for this great gift.
We honorall our servants, no matter how insignifi-
cant. But we also honor the many paths of enlight-
enment and the tasks and sacrifices necessary to
follow them."

The gaki like to write lots of stuff about the mean-
ing of existence and the search for enlightenment and
the constant struggle between the Demon and the
higher soul. Some of us even write poems about it. But
it's mostly crap. The reason we get up to so much
mischief is boredom. We invent all the other stuff to
rationalize it, but living forever would be pretty dull if
itweren't for the other gaki. And since we're a paranoid
bunch — I don't think any of us cared about our mortal
lives nearly as much as we do about our immortal ones
—we're not really into holding hands and being friends.
So it's a screw-unto-others world we've made. All the
other stuff is just an excuse. Still, Sakamoto was a
stickler for etiquette and he clearly wanted his ass
kissed some more.

Give him what he wants, then we can have what
we want.

"Your eminence is wise and gracious."

"Were we to consider your offer further, we would
reyiew our situation in far off lands. We would consider
the status of our enemies..."

"Surely they must be dogs, for no honorable foe
could compete with you." | was starting to feel physi-
cally ill.

"Imagine the inconvenience to such a foe were his
st senior ted pole to be killed by a rival. A fellow
Chinese, They are a devious, inferior race. Do you
speak Mandarin?"

"Enough to get by."

"But of course, these things are mere speculation,
Now, let us talk of more civilized matters."

And so the deal was done. The next night I
found an unmarked package in one of my regular
message drops. It seemed that, with the gaki on the
outs, a Kuei-jin named Xia Jin-sun was trying to
muscle in on the Shanghai Green Triad's turf; he
had one of his best red poles, a woman by the name
of Xiao Wei, in Shanghai to set things up. The
package also had the address of a warehouse, in-
structions on how to sneak in to the city, a gun that
would be traced back to the Shanghai Green and
the name of Ueda's local boss, who'd have Kensuke
ready for our little reunion.

King Streets

All too easy.

All too easy.

Ree

Hashimoto was the local oyabun, Ueda's number
one hitter in Shanghai. When I saw his face, I knew for
sure that I'd been had. But I figured I might as well try
to bluff my way out.

"Hey Hashimoto, how's things? Did your boss men-
tion I was coming to town? I'm just about done here so
I was wondering, where's Kensuke?"

"You... fool..." he spluttered. I noticed he had
men covering all the doors, and the holes in the roof
and walls.

"Come on, Hashimoto, quit foolin' around. I'll just
take Kensuke and get going: Nice coat, by the way."

"Seize him!"

Run! They'll kill us! 1 figured I'd given my
demon enough exercise for the day, so I shoved it
way, way down.

Hashimoto's men moved in. I was hurt and ex-
hausted from the fight, so I figured I had one chance of
getting out of this alive.

"Wait! 1 was sent by your boss with orders to kill
this bitch and make it look like another Chink did it.
But he didn't tell you, did he? Have you got the fake
evidence to plant here? What do you think the locals
are gonna do? Start killing each other, or figure out


Prevupes REVENGE

what happened and finish you guys off? We've all
been screwed!"

The muscle grabbed me, but I could tell Hashimoto
was listening.

Tell him more!

"Sakamoto set the whole thing up. It was a trade.
I've got an old grudge against Kensuke; the deal was, if
Tkilled Xiao Wei, I could have him."

Hashimoto's men were starting to look ner-
vous. Maybe they were worried about disturbing
the neighbors.

"Why should | believe you? You're pleading for
your life. You might say anything." Good point.

"Why would I lie? Either way, Sakamoto's gonna
deny any involvement. But do you think I could have
gotten into town under all your noses without his help?
He told me exactly how to get in unseen."

"Bring him."

Fete. +

My big mistake, of course, was trusting Sakamoto.
The fact that he'd auction off one of his men wasn't the
giveaway; Kensuke was mortal and replaceable. [kept on
thinking about what Xiao Wei said before | killed her.
Why would Sakamoto want to give the Chinese a reason
to make one last push and completely wipe out the gaki
presence in Shanghai? Would Hashimoto give me a
chance to talk or would he send me back to Japan before
I could convince him not to? I reviewed my situation.

Fact: Kensuke was still alive, and I was unlikely to
get the chance to kill him anytime soon. That really
pissed me off.

Fact: Xiao Wei was dead. By all accounts, this
would be a major setback to Xia Jin-sun. Still, ifwe'd all
gotten away clean (and we probably had; Hashimoto
and his boys were pros), there'd be nobody to blame. If
we'd been spotted, lots of people were going to die,
most likely starting with me.

Fact: Sakamoto may or may not deny ever having
spoken to me, but was unlikely to admit that he'd set
the whole thing up. He was probably pissing himself
laughing right now.

Fact: I was in deep shit.

Question: How to get out of deep shit?

Answer: Get someone to help me dig.

See ee

"Hey, Hashimoto, what happens if we were made:
getting away from the scene of the crime?" We were in
afreezer room at an old meatpacking plant. Hashimoto
had decided to work me over by himself. But, lucky for
me, he was smart, and wanted to talk to me first. I
decided, since my life was in the balance, to oblige him.

"You die."

"And after that, asshole?" He wound: up, and
punched me in the face. It hurt.

"After that? We fight the Chinese."

9

"Come on Hashimoto, Ueda-san doesn't want that.
Haven't you been under orders to keep a low profile?
Sakamoto told me you'd bring fake evidence to make it

_ look like a Shanghai Green hit but he didn't say shit to

you, did he?"

"Your point?"

"My point is that he wanted me — or maybe you—
to be fingered for the hit. He didn't tip you off about
me. That's not helping you guys keep a low profile;
that's provoking another war." Hashimoto was deep in
thought. It looked painful.

"Why would he want a war? We've been having
talks."

"Peace talks? Who wants peace?"

"Ueda-san."

"What about Sakamoto? Any reason for him to
want to fuck things up?"

"No." Bingo. Too quick. He was lying.

Keep going! Tell him more! Sometimes my demon
disappoints me; what did it think I was going to do?
Suddenly clam up?

"Maybe he thinks a random killing and one last
bloodletting in Shanghai would convince the ances-
tors that Ueda-san's plan had failed and he should be
replaced."

"Such a thing would never happen." I could tell
Hashimoto was thinking, working the angles, trying
to figure a way to save his worthless hide and take care
of Sakamoto. He looked at me. I looked at him. He
smiled. Suddenly, he started yelling. "Your insolence
infuriates me! You insult my elders! By the August
Personage, | will burn your body to ash!" He gestured
with his head to the can of kerosene he'd brought
along for persuasion. "There will be nothing left of
you and I will report your death to Sakamoto-san!"

He cut me loose from the chair and doused it with
kerosene, then tossed a match onto it. Just for dramatic
effect, | screamed. He leaned forward and whispered in
my ear.

"Gf | ever see you again, I'll kill you."

If we ever see.you again, you'll be dead before you
know we're there... For once, I could only agree.

We waited until the chair had burnt to ash.
Hashimoto worked himself up and stormed out, swear-
ing at his men and shouting about "Genji imbeciles"
and "honorless dogs."

Thung around for another hour or so, just to be safe,
then I left.

HS AEE

So now I'm back in Tokyo where I belong. Killing
Kensuke wasn't nearly as much fun as I'd hoped. I guess
by the time I found him, I knew I had bigger fish to fry.
Sakamoto got careless. He decided I was stupid, and
that I wouldn't figure out his game.

He was only half right.


furmopucrjon: Ow The Kiujng Srreers

WwW

INTRODULTION:
OM THE
KICCING
STREETS

"Kalah jadi abu menang jadi arang"

(The vanquished will be reduced to ashes
and the victor to charcoal.)

—Javanese proverb

Crime is a fundamental part of every society. In
Asia, with its tyrants and poverty, criminal activity
can reach depths rarely seen in the complacent and
wealthy West. Crime itself is merely asymptom, asign
of social decay. Like a cancer, it eats away at the
underpinnings of a society and must often be brutally
excised. The Kuei-jin are an integral part of Asia's
darker paths, their predatory and intrigue-laden exist-
ence drawing them to criminal activity like moths to
a flame. And the streets, like flames, can be very
dangerous, even to one of the Ten Thousand Demons.

As enforcer or crime lord, the streets of Asia are
beyond the control of Kuei-jin. The back alleys and
dives are like the swirling wind and waves of the
typhoon. The safest course is to seek simple survival;
riding the waves as best you can, enduring whatever
the winds throw in your path. But a courageous soul
bends the fury of the storm.to her purpose, using it to
build power and influence within the mundane world.

Such a path is dangerous; a single misstep and the
desperate masses — or the forces that lurk among
them — can tear an arrogant Kuei-jin to shreds.
Final Death is only a mistake away and vicious,
greedy and desperate mortals are as dangerous as any
rival wu or shen.

Yet Kuei-jin must venture onto the streets de-
spite the dangers. They are predators, and predators
need to hunt. The richest hunting grounds, despite
their dangers, are the streets of the thriving me-
tropolises of Asia, tens of millions of people living in
decaying societies driven by lust, selfishness and
violence. All in all, a perfect environment for the
Hungry Dead. The chi resources created by these
urban communities can sustain numerous courts and
the corruption of the Sixth Age has not yet touched
more than a small portion of this bounty, making it
more valuable still. So while not every Kindred of
the East chronicle is a Killing Streets story, focusing

120

on the bitter hopelessness that is Asia's urban legacy,
the streets are the natural environment for all Kuei-
jin. Whether you plan to use Killing Streets as
background color or as the center of your game, this
book provides the knowledge you require and a ‘cast
of demons with which to fill your streets.

Waar js Tijs Boor?

Killing Streets is first and foremost a guide to the
urban underbelly of Asia and how the Kuei-jin inter-
act and exist withimit.Asia is a big place and the genre
of hard-boiled crime fiction is just as large. Killing
Streets tries to distill both down to their barest es-
sences, providing an overview of the social condi-
tions, criminal habits, crimes and Kuei-jin attitudes
necessary for a Storyteller to bring the alleys and
gambling houses of an Asian city to life. In that vein,
we should note that many of the ideas and crimes
presented in this book are far from pleasant; Killing
Streets steers clear of graphic descriptions of the sex
trade, for instance, but readers should be aware that
any book dealing with war crimes and slavers is not
going to be suitable children's bedtime reading.

This book also is not a straight-up story or a
regional sourcebook. No new. cities are described or
specific chronicles outlined. The numerous charac-
ters presented are illustrative only, providing extra
material for an already existing chronicle. Nor are
particular geographical locations described in full
detail, though many are covered. Killing Streets is a
genre sourcebook and as such presents an overview:
the whole picture of the lives of the poor, the addicts,
the cops, the gangs and the horrors in the shadows.
Details such as which areas, in which cities, are cen-
ters for what crime,.are the subject of books like
World of Darkness: Hong Kong and World of Dark-
ness: Tokyo. Killing Streets provides you with the
tools to construct your own underworlds, rather than
presenting an underworld for you (a nigh-impossible
task, considering the breadth of the Asian experience
and distinct lack of publicly available information).
This book boosts your own creativity, and Storytell-
ers are encouraged to do their own in-depth research
on living hard and dying young in Asia.

Where Are These King Streers?

Okay, so you've heard us say "killing streets" half
adozen times already and might be wondering exactly
what we mean by it. Is it the slums? The tourist traps?
The opium dens? The brothels? The gangs? The poor?
The rich? The corrupt? Ultimately, the killing streets
are is all these things and none of them. The killing
streets are an intellectual conceit; a concept of the
Asian urban landscape robbed of almost all hope and
preyed upon by monsters. Therefore, the killing streets
can be wherever you feel the need to make them,

Kiuing Steers

depending on how far you want the horror to reach
and how much you want to contrast the bitterness of
life in the gutter with the glitter of life in the fast lane.

Keeping jr Rear

It's worth making a very important point up front:
although Killing Streets is about vampires (and a few
other beasties), it's critical to keep a large human
component to stories in this genre. Gritty, urban
stories are all about the human scale, about people
with small lives paying in blood and pain for their
small victories. It's very difficult to respect that fact if
everyone is a centuries-old monster divorced from all
human concerns. So you'll notice lots of human char-
acters popping up in latter chapters (involved in
vampiric doings, but human nonetheless), and you
should follow suit in your own stories.

In terms of the setting, plenty of reasons exist for
why the streets are predominantly human, even if
they make for fine vampiric hunting grounds. One
explanation is that the ancestors rarely want to sully
themselves with direct contact with the unclean
humans of the urban sprawl. Without the power of
the elders, the Kuei-jin aren't able to exclude other
shen from their hunting grounds or displace the
mortals who also feed off the streets. It is ironic that
in their remoteness from the world around them the
court ancestors have limited their worldly influence
in much the same way that the despised Kin-jin limit
themselves with their Masquerade. The role of ordi-
nary people is especially potent in Asia, where the
enormous mass of population combined with the
sheer dynamism of modernization means that there
are far too many things going on for any of the shen
to be able to influence more than a tiny fraction of
them. This of course makes the streets. a very hard
place for those serving the courts — the mandarins
and ancestors tend to be unforgiving when other shen
derail their plans.

Religion also plays a role. Many of the tradi-
tional Asian faiths are open to dealings with spiritual
beings and thus make for useful Kuei-jin tools. With
Islam and Christianity however, such accommoda-
tions are much harder. Growing Islamic fundamen-
talism only makes things worse, with more and more
fanatical followers finding their way onto the streets
and causing problems for Kuei-jin. As such, fanatics
tend to take issue with much of the criminal activity
that the Kuei-jin take a hand in; and they work to
improve the conditions in the poorer areas that the
Ten Thousand Demons use to cover their tracks.
Missionaries are becoming a major problem for the
Golden Courts, and attempts to lock them out have
not met with a great deal of success. Kuei-jin ances-
tors use Kin-jin incursions among the missionaries as
apolitical bogeyman, a way to belittle their rivals. In
fact, few actual Cainites enter Asia this way — but


jummonverions On The King Streets a) 7

their money does. Enterprising and wealthy Cainites
have funneled money to the missionary movement
to cause the Cathayans trouble.

Finally, sometimes the Kuei-jin just don't find
it useful to involve themselves directly in some
parts of street life. So, while the sex trade is rife
with unliving activity, Kuei-jin presence is not as
pervasive in the drug trade. The production areas in
Burma and Laos are under the authority of the
competing penangallan and hengeyokai of South-
east Asia, while the poppy fields of Afghanistan are
controlled by Islamic fanatics who act aggressively
atany sign of supernatural presence. Few Cathayans
are willing to place themselves in a position where
their future wealth or access to feeding grounds is in
someone else's hands.

Ourijne

This book consists of the Prelude, this Introduc-
tion, and three Chapters.

The Prelude sets the mood for the book and gives
you an idea of the kind of stories it'll help you to run.
The story of a lone gaki's efforts to avenge his murder
and stay out of trouble with the courts, it also shows
how easily the unwary may become caught up in the
larger plots of their elders.

This Introduction outlines the scope, purpose
and possible uses of the book and includes some lists
of handy references, for real-world information and
gente-appropriate films, TV, comics and books.

Chapter One: To Live and Die gives the low-
down on crime in the Middle Kingdom. Rather than
attempting to cover each region separately, the chap-
ter discusses the broad currents of change (and crime)
sweeping the region, with notes on the niches within
the system occupied by the Kuei-jin.

Chapter Two: Streets of Blood provides samples
of the denizens of the Middle Kingdom's mean
streets. Rather than covering every nation or court
in the Middle Kingdom, the characters and organi-
zations presented are a representative sample, many
of which can be transplanted to other locales with
minimal effort.

Chapter Three: Storytelling is structured around
the life cycle of a chronicle and includes a step-by-
step example of one being built. Not all the choices
are ones you might make, nor will they all. be relevant
to your own game, but they illustrate the kinds of
decisions to be made when setting up a chronicle and
the results of those decisions.

The Appendix is devoted to game mechanics.
From earthly manifestations of Hell to using character
Backgrounds, it contains systems information to make
your games run more smoothly.

13

Sources

It's important to understand that extensive re-
sources are available for the crime genre in Asia
besides Killing Streets, which can only scratch the
surface of the world of hard-boiled urban crime. There
are many books, comics, TV shows and movies (both
animated and live-action) for a Storyteller to choose
from. The list included here is only a sample. The
listed titles cover everything from prison tragedies to
violent action thrillers and Asian fantasy-ghost sto-
ries. When reading or viewing source material, try to
keep your mind open for ideas — scenes, characters,
plots — that might fit into your game. Don't lift
elements directly, or you'll be in trouble if your players
are familiar with the source. Instead use them as a
basis for your own interpretations, and you'll be draw-
ing ona rich storytelling tradition. A number of non-
Asian sources have been included for those who find
some of the Hong Kong cinema and Japanese anime a
bit too far out for their games. Afterall, with the Great
Leap Outwards some Killing Streets games may well
be played in California.

Booxs

The Art of Arrow Cutting (Stephen Deadman, Tor
Books) — "A novel of magic-noir suspense." Espe-
cially interesting for the way a world behind (or
beyond) the mundane is revealed, and the lengths
others will go to control it.

The Art of War (Sun Tzu, Shambhala Books) —It
can't be emphasized enough. This book is at the
center of Chinese thinking on strategy. The manda-
tins and ancestors have read it. So should you.

Conversations with a Yakuza (Junichi Saga, Kodansha
International) — A fascinating memoir, telling the
history of a real-life Yakuza member, from the 1930s to
the present. Much of the violence is glossed over, but a
careful reading reveals much about history of the Yakuza
and the realities of daily life among them.

The Cult at the End of the World (Kaplan & Marshall,
Arrow Books) — A horrifying account of Aum Su-
preme Truth, the cult responsible for the Tokyo sub-
way nerve gas attacks in 1997, and a fascinating
insight into the spiritual barrenness afflicting many
modern Asian nations.

The Dragon Syndicates (Martin Booth, Bantam
Books) — A fantastically detailed account of the
Triads, tracing their evolution from revolutionary
societies to global crime syndicates. A must-read for
any player or Storyteller using Triad characters.

Gangland International (James Morton, Warner
Books) — An excellent reference on organized crime
worldwide, the extent of Yakuza and Triad activity
abroad — particularly in Europe — gives any enter-
prising Storyteller plenty to work with.


14

Memoirs of a Geisha (Arthur Golden, Vintage
Books)— A heavily researched and slightly (in Japan)
controversial book, Memoirs of a Geisha gives an un-
usual insight into the disappéaring lifestyle of a cul-
tural institution and the ways modernization has
changed Japanese society.

The Rape of Nanking (Iris Chang, Penguin Books)
— If you've ever wondered just why the ancient
enmity between Japan and China (and, for that
matter, Japan and the rest of Asia) still smolders,
read this book.

Red China Blues and Jan Wong's China (Jan Wong,
Anchor Books) —Jan Wong is a former revolutionary
now living and working as a journalist in Canada. She
has a fascinating perspective on daily life in China,
and her books are essential reading for any chronicle
dealing with the citizens of the Middle Kingdom.

Storms in a Gentleman's Teacup (David Myers,
Central Queensland University Press) — A whimsi-
cal story about an Australian academic's adventures
in Japan, Myers' volume is full of insights into modern
Japanese living, from dirty weekends to sumo matches
and Shinto shrines.

Streetlife China (Michael Dutton, Cambridge Uni-
versity Press) — Scholarly but deeply insightful,
Dutton's collection of essays provides endless insights
into the daily life of millions of Chinese and their
habits and subcultures.

King Steers

Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind (Shunryu Suzuki, John
Weatherhill Inc.) — A collection of informal talks on
Zen, this volume is an excellent introduction to Bud-
dhist meditation and practice. Excellent for adding
depth to your more enlightened characters.

Comes

Akira (Katsuhiro Otomo, Dark Horse Comics) —
Perhaps alittle too post-apocalyptic for direct inspira-
tion, Katsuhiro Otomo's masterpiece nevertheless
paints an excellent portrait of bored, delinquent cycle-
gangs and the destructive antics they get up to.

Crying Freeman (Kazuo Koike and Ryoichi Ikegami,
Viz Communications) — Also available as an anime
series and a live-action film, Crying Freeman follows
the exploits of a professional killer, Freeman Yoh, as
he battles Japanese, Chinese and American gangsters,
terrorists, mercenaries and corrupt police.

Hellhole (Scott Lobdell and Adam Pollina, Image
Comics) — A promising supernatural noir thriller
with an unusual narrative style. Highly recommended.

Neon Cyber (Lou Kang, Adrian Tsang and Arnold
Tsang, Image Comics) — Similar in feel to Akira,
Neon Cyber features lots of gangs, cops and scientists
battling for survival in a dystopian near-future.

Sin City (Frank Miller, Dark Horse Comics) —
Miller's ultimate noir story cycle, featuring a cast of
hard-bitten crooks, killers and cops. Although not set


jnmopverion: On The Kinng Srreers

in Asia, any of his characters and situations could
easily be transplanted onto the killing streets.

Fium/TV

A Better Tomorrow and A Better Tomorrow II
(directed by John Woo) — Action and revenge from
our man Chow Yun-Fat. Highly recommended for a
look at the lives of lower-ranking members of any
criminal organization.

City on Fire (directed by Ringo Lam) — The film.
that inspired Reservoir Dogs, City on Fire is another
classic HK action film starring Chow Yun-Fat as the
gangster who comes to trust an undercover cop, and
who faces a decision between his duty to the police
and his loyalty to his friend.

Demon City Shinjuku (anime directed by Yoshiaki
Kawajiri) — Set in a modern Tokyo taken over by
demons, this anime is a great source of ideas, espe-
cially if you wish to add the Yama Kings to the streets
of your campaign.

The First Shot (directed by David Lam) — A semi-
historical account of the setting-up of Hong Kong's
ICAC (Independent Commission Against Corrup-
tion), featuring crooked cops, ruthless gangsters and a
brave team of "untouchables." A good look at the
mentality behind police and government corruption.

The Godfather, Parts I-III (directed by Francis
Ford Coppola) and Goodfellas (directed by Martin
Scorsese) — The quintessential Western gangster
films, these movies are also indispensable for a Killing
Streets Storyteller (or player). Despite the cultural
differences, these films are full of characters and situ-
ations that can be used in a game. It also pays to
remember that these films are incredibly popular with
Japanese, Indian and Southeast Asian criminals who
have taken to emulating American criminals as de-
sctibed by Hollywood.

God of Gamblers and God of Gamblers II (directed
by Jin Wong) — A fanciful and utterly over-the-top
look at the world of professional gamblers. Can the
God of Gamblers (Chow Yun-Fat) overcome his ri-
vals, including the Devil of Gamblers?

Hard-Boiled and The Killer (directed by John Woo)
— You simply must see these films if you're going to
tuna Killing Streets game. Classics of the genre, they
both star HK legend Chow Yun-Fat and say just about
everything that can be said about conflicting loyal-
ties, humanity, the cost of evil and gun fights.

Prison on Fire and Prison on Fire II (directed by
Ringo Lam) — More Chow Yun-Fat, this time as a
gentle and funny — but also extremely dangerous —
prison inmate, battling corrupt wardens, an. unfair
system, child welfare agencies and his fellow inmates.
A typically HK mix of comedy and ultra-violence.

Pulp Fiction (directed by Quentin Tarantino) —
For a slightly skewed look at how modern gangsters
operate, and for an excellent piece of cinema, Pulp
Fiction is hard to pass up.

Reservoir Dogs (directed by Quentin Tarantino)
— If you've seen City on Fire, you really don't need to
see Reservoir Dogs. But you should anyway, for a
slightly more modern take on cops, gangsters and
divided loyalties.

Shanghai Triad (directed by Yimou Zhang) —
Starring the wonderful Gong Li, Shanghai Triad is the
story of a gangster, seen through the innocent eyes of
ayoung boy. Highly recommended for its inside view
of the Triads and the games played by and between
the bosses.

Tale of a Scarface (directed by Eiichi Kudo) — An
adult and melodramatic story of a newly released
Yakuza dealing with the collapse of his traditional
Yakuza family under pressure from one of the modern
syndicates, while he also struggles with his own desires
fora new life. A good study of the day-to-day violence
and mundane existence of the Yakuza, although it's
not one for those under 18:

A Taste of Killing and Romance (directed by
Veronica Chan) — Typically Hong Kong, this story of
young, beautiful assassins in love (and the cops trying
to catch them) is a little over the top, but it can be
used for inspiration when creating assassins and their
cover organizations.

Wicked City (anime directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri)
— Terrorists try to disrupt the human-demon treaty
that has kept both sides from war.

& Few Otuer Sugcestjons

© Western "Noir" Fiction: Western authors like
Raymond Chandler, Elmore Leonard and James Ellroy
write hardboiled crime fiction, and you should read it.
Their characters and stories are readily adaptable to
the Middle Kingdom, and the mood is spot on.

© Travel Guides: Lonely Planet, Fodor and
Michelin travel books (to name a few) are of terrific
value when setting up a Killing Streets game. Full of
focal color and regionalinformation, they generally
include brief histories of the area they cover, a basic
vocabulary section and information on transport, bank-
ing, entertainment, crime rates and geography. Your
single best reference, especially as they can almost
always be found in secondhand bookstores.

Lexjcon

The various Asian street cultures have a stagger-
ingly large vocabulary. The following slang terms (as
well as more "official" terms for various criminal
ranks) are only a small sample. Use these terms to
spice up the dialogue of your characters.

16
CHjnese SLanc anp Trap TERMS

cho hai: literally "grass (or straw) sandal"; Triad
membership officer/go-between and front man, re-
sponsible for Triad dealings with society. Of equal
rank with a hung kwan or pak tsz sin.

da bizi: literally "big nose"; an insulting term for
a Caucasian.

dai fei: literally "big wing"; a powerful smug-
gling boat, with a gray-painted fiberglass hull, pow-
ered by foursynchronized outboard motors; stripped
to the essentials for speed and cargo capacity and
running at night with no navigation lights to off-
shore rendezvous points, dai fei look like massive
speedboats and are capable of reaching speeds up to
60 knots while carrying one to three stolen cars or
other contraband.

fei jai: Cantonese slang for a spiv or smart alec,
a sharply-dressed young man making his way up in
the world.

fu shan chu: a shan chu's deputy, authorized to act
in his absence.

hei gui: literally "black devil"; an insulting term
for a black person.

heung chu: literally "incense master"; Triad offi-
cial, beneath the fu shan chu, who administers rituals,
promotions and (where necessary) retribution against
Triad members equal in rank with a sin fung.

hung kwan: literally "red pole"; a Triad fighting
unit commander, in charge of between five and 50
men; equal in rank with a cho hai or pak tsz sin.

lao wai: literally "old foreigner"; disrespectful.

lung tao: literally "dragon head"; colloquial term
for a shan chu.

pak tsz sin: literally "white paper fan"; a Triad
manager/administrator, responsible for handling
money and keeping the books; equal in rank with a cho
hai or hung kwan.

riben guizi: literally "Japanese devil"; disrespect-
ful term. fora Japanese.

shan chu: literally "master of the mountain";
head of a Triad society; equivalent to the Yakuza
oyabun.

sheung fa: literally "double flower"; senior Triad
boss, beneath the heung chu and sin fung but above the
hung kwan; the sheung fa controls an operation or
district; equivalent to the Yakuza chunin.

sin fung: literally "vanguard"; Triad official, be-
neath the fu shan chu, who administers rituals, promo-
tions and (where necessary) retribution against Triad
members; equal in rank with a heung chu.

sze kau: literally "49s"; Triad soldier, the rank-
and-file criminals making up the bulk of Triad mem-
bership; equivalent to the Yakuza kobun.

King Srreers:

waidi gongren: literally "outside workers"; immi-
grant laborers.

waigouren: literally "person from outside coun-
tries"; neutral term for a non-Chinese.

xie dou: Cantonese for vendetta.

yang guizi: literally "foreign devil"; scornful term
for a non-Chinese.

yao fan: literally "those looking for rice"; beggars.

JAPANESE SLANG AND
Yaxuza TERMS

aka chochin: red light district

awaseru kao ga nai: literally "extremely ashamed";
having screwed up big time in public.

chunin: Yakuza deputy leader; equivalent to the
Triad sheung fa.

chusei shin: literally "extremely loyal"; best
friends, blood brothers.

damate: shut up!; very popular when used towards
annoying subordinates.

dame dayo: literally "you should not have said it
then!"; stronger version of damate; "shut the fuck up!"

damé oshi: make damn sure!; don't fuck up on me!

gaijin: foreigner; not necessarily an insult, but not
considered polite.

gaijin kusai: literally "stink like a foreigner"; a
person who has become too Westernized.

gaki: literally "shorty"; insult referring to the size
of a man's genitalia (this meaning of the word is not
very popular with Japanese Kuei-jin'—-also called
gaki: though other Kuei-jin find it very amusing).

hansei: don't get caught; good luck parting among
Yakuza.

hara no mushi: literally "a gut feeling"; I don't
like this.

iki gai: literally "glad to be alive"; expression of
telief after getting off charges or out of a fight.

jodanyo: literally "just joking"; face-saving slang
to get out of a mistaken word or action.

juken jigoke: literally "a trip through hell"; a bad
day, an operation gone wrong, a bad relationship.

kaigi: literally "talking too much"; a police
informant.

kamatoto: literally "acting a bit too innocent";
overzealous acts or protestations of honesty by a
known Yakuza.

kikkake: a poser or "fake tattoo boy"; young man
pretending to be Yakuza; a wannabe.

kobun: Yakuza gang leader; equivalent to the
Triad sze kau.

kono-yaro: screw you!

kosho benjo: literally "public toilet"; someone
who can be bought or used by anyone.


mizu shoubai: literally "shady business"; any semi-
legal transaction, from work-from-home prostitution
to probably stolen televisions.

mushi no iki: literally "almost dead"; someone
who has offended a powerful Yakuza.

namennayo: don't screw with me!

okagesamade: literally "God's got my back"; be-
ing wild and taking big risks.

onaji ana no mujina: literally "partners in crime";
group of drinking buddies (a bit rough).

onobori san: redneck.

oyabun: Yakuza gang leader; equivalent to the
triad shan chu.

saiko-komon: senior adviser to a Yakuza oyabun.

shinjimae: go to hell!

taian: literally "waiting for the lucky day"; hoping
fora break.

uchi no kaisha: literally "don't screw with my
friends"; a threat to anyone attempting to move in on
a Yakuza operation or protected business.

ushiroyubi: outcast.

yariman: slut.

Banasa (Matay) Siang TerMs

anak jalanan: street kid.

bangsat: literally "bug-eyes"; bastard, asshole,
motherfucker (all round pejorative).

bapak: literally "foster-father"; gang boss, senior
political figure, village elder.

beceng: literally "handgun"; shooter, criminal with
agun.

bego: stupid.

bejat: literally "bad attitude"; young hooligans.

brur: literally "brother"; gang member.

buaya darat: literally "land crocodile"; gigolo,
rapist.

clang ci: literally "what's up?"; cool.

‘Gontjuk: screw youl

doku: literally "dirty money"; pejorative,

gali: literally "savage class"; gangster or gang
member.

7

ganjaran: literally "bad person"; bum, gangsters,
shiftless person.

gedongan: yuppie; westernized person (in a pejo-
rative sense); a wanker.

gombal: bullshit.

hura hura: literally "living it up"; partying,
getting it on, can also refer to fighting, drugs, or
whatever.

juragan: literally "big boss man"; local or small-
time.crime lord or corrupt official.

kemropok: literally "boil up inside"; get fighting
angry, a screaming argument.

kerakyapan: literally "wandering round without
purpose"; shifty individual, bludger, street scum.

kiko: literally "crazy person"; maniac, not neces-
sarily dangerous or deranged.

lonte: slut.

lumajon: stroke of luck.

mabok: drunk, bum, street scum.

mafa: literally "Mafia"; big gangs with political
connections.

mampus iho!: literally "you dead!"; a threat with
the implication that an "accident" is coming your way
soon, especially a politically arranged one.

nas kleng!: fuck you!

ngewe: literally "bad woman"; a loose woman,
also a female criminal.

nongkrong: literally "bum"; people sitting round
all day on the streets, especially slum dwellers.

nyeleweng: literally "to be corrupt"; crook, shy-
ster, adulterer, any official who is disliked.

nyusahin: literally "to make troubles"; start a
fight or generally cause someone or something pain
and grief.

pantat: butt face.

pecun: underage prostitute.

perek: literally "experimental girl"; loose, awoman
who goes out with foreigners.

putaw: drugs.

udik: literally "upstream/at the source"; country
bumpkin, peasant, redneck.



Cnaprer Ones To Live ano Die

9

ENAPTER OME:

FTO CIVve

AND DIF

A good fortune may forebode bad luck, which may in

turn disguise a good fortune.
—Chinese proverb

jNTRODUCTION

The streets of Asia's great cities are dangerous
places where fear and death linger in the shadows. Yet
itwould be a great disservice to a game of Kindred of
the East to explain away these shadows with as shal-
low a mechanism.as.common street crime or the
tattooed thugs of the local crime boss. Whether you're
thinking of the Triads, Yakuza or even the Mumbai
Mafia, such groups are merely the result of a brutal and
uncompromising environment whose causes and ef-
fects gomuch deeper than the illegal trade in flesh and
pharmaceuticals. They embody. a world whose dark-
ness is intertwined with the very fabric of society —a
tangled skein that ties the most ancient traditions and
latest modern developments to the best and worst of
intentions, producing perverse and exploitative el
ments that have little regard for Western ideals and
even less mercy.

This chapter, therefore, does not simply provide
a dry recitation of Asia's more unpleasant side. In-
stead, it offers you the necessary knowledge, images,
and symbols to construct a picture of a potently alien
and chilling society lost on the edges of humanity.
Hopefully, this picture should shock your players out
of the one-step-removed cynicism created by sani-
tized news coverage about the everyday horrors of life
in the Third World, forcing them to confront not just
the inhumanity of being Kuei-jin, but also the inhu-
manity of societies that are losing themselves. Aside
from a moral agenda, this drives home to players of
Kindred of the East that they aren't portraying West-
erners any more and that the ground rules in Asian
society are very different from. what they're used to.

To provide you with the information necessary to
create this complex picture of Asian society, we've
included some sections in this chapter that deal with
ideas you might not normally associate with horror

20

gaming. Kindred of the East, however, is not your
standard horror game. To make a Killing Streets
campaign work beyond Yak gangsters and Tong hit
men, you'll need a basic understanding of the deep
flaws and conflicting currents that move within mod-
ern Asian society. Kindred of the East is a game of
subtle evils and moral dilemmas; to truly experience
its nuances, you need an equally subtle and refined
understanding of Asian life. From the garishly lit
streets of Hong Kong to the putrid alleys of Surabaya,
Killing Streets is about the symbiotic relationship
between light and shadow. The information in this
chapter allows you to project this into your game:

Nor THe Wuoe Story

Asia is a big place, and this one chapter can only
scratch the surface of criminal activity throughout the
region. Therefore, we've structured the chapter around
the main forms of social decay and crime as they exist
ona region-wide basis. We leave it to you to include
what you will in your version of Asia, whether the
dusty back streets of Lahore or the glittering skyscrap-
ers of Tokyo:

Teuijng Story From Reaijty

When describing foreign cultures, it is all too
easy to fall into clichés. For most people, this is
merely the effect of a steady diet of TV, with its
simplistic representation of non-American cultures,
along with the need to find a handle on characters
whose lives are far from their own personal experi-
ence. However, there isalless appealing aspect to this
habit. Most stereotypes at heart are racist; they may
be funny, they may be common, but they almost
always contain demeaning and inaccurate generali-
zations about an ethnic group.

Considering that roleplaying games deal with char-
acter through archetypes, the danger of stereotyping
different cultures is particularly strong, especially with
Kindred. of the East; which deals with cultures very
different from our own. In Killing Streets this prob-
lem becomes even worse because in many cases we are
dealing with the lowest scum that Asian. societies
have to offer. If the characters within a game become
derogatory clichés; however, it is very difficult to give
them any humanity, to make them feel alive to the
players or to breathe into them that most necessary of
allattributes in a Kindred of the East game, empathy.
It is hard to create feelings of guilt, horror, inhuman-
ity, redemption.and sin when players feel nothing for
the characters with whom they interact.

There is no easy way to overcome:this problem;
only the careful preparation of characters ensures that
they are more than two-dimensional. One of the best
ways to handle this is to turn.the typical view of a
character that first comes to mind_on its head, soa
white slaver may be a suit-wearing European yuppie

King Srreers

rather than the cliched greasy Arab; or the harsh-
faced Chinese. military officer may bé a paragon. of
respect for human rights. While this approach cannot,
of course, be carried through in every case, just a few
characters who break the mold can make players think
abit moreand perhaps look beyond their assumptions:

Wayans Kouijr: Tae Arr
or Light anp SHapow

At first sight, many of the topics covered in this
section may seem overly academic and removed from.
the "fun" game that you wish to play. Our intention
is not to put you through an undergraduate course in
Asian studies, but to provide you with light and
shadow. As in the traditional Javanese shadow pup-
pet theaters, or wayang kulit, the topics below are
merely there to illuminate or cover the actions of
your players, creating drama, suspense, angst or what-
ever other emotions you wish to evoke. Think of the
inforriiation below as your candle and rice paper
screen, the materials for you to create a setting as
light or dark as you desire.

¢ ,

The Nas. tHar Sticks Up

Japan is the one nation that many will in-
stantly pick as not adhering to some of the follow-
ing material. This judgment is both correct and

} incorrect. The timing is certainly off —Japan went
through its major struggles with the issues below in {
the late 19th and early 20th centuries — but
otherwise Japan is almost a classic case of the
benefits and problems of modernization in a highly
traditional society. The first of two huge excep-
tions to this rule is Japan's struggle with the forces
unleashed by its metamorphosis from one of Asia's
most traditional nations to one of its most modern-
ized, which eventually catapulted it into World
War Two and led it to the brink of total destruc-
tion. The potential dangers of cultural, political
and social change cannot be highlighted any more
clearly than that.

The second exception is more ephemeral.
Japan's rise predated the development of a concept
of Asia; terms like East Asia, Southeast Asia and |
South Asia date from the fighting against Japan in
World War Two. Lacking any vigorous non-West-
ern role model, Japan looked to the West and
sought acceptance in the white man's club of 19th-
century politics by adopting a Westernized cultural
facade. This makes Japan very different from the
rest of Asia, which has sought to remain "Asian"
while adopting Western economics and science —
ironically, often by adopting Japan as a model.

Ont: To Live ano Die _

MopERNjZAT|ON AND DEVELOPMENT

Not long ago at all, the lives of most Asians were
little changed from those of their ancestors. It is not
so much that history had not affected Asia over the
preceding centuries, but rather that historical events
had altered the traditional rhythms of life only mar-
ginally for the vast majority of the population. Dynas-
ties, wars and disasters came and went without chang-
ing the basic structure of life for the agrarian majority.
This lack of what.the West calls "progress" stemmed
from. a number of factors like extremely low literacy:
rates, cultures that tended to reveré tradition 'and
ancestry; and most important of all, deliberate. poli-
cies adopted' by colonial'and native rulers who.rein-
forced the existing social systems in order to. support
their own power. The latter was an especially potent
factor, keeping many traditional structures alive long
after their natural» use-by date. This phenomenon
played an extremely important role in maintaining
the strangely distorted traditionalism that gripped
Japan during its modernization after the Meiji restora-
tion in 1868, forexample.

History has the force of inevitability on its'side;
however, and inthe aftermath of the World Wars;
which first.crippled and thendestroyed overt West-
etn imperialism, modernization swept into Asia like
a tsunami-Blood, chaos and revolution finally broke
open. Asia's once-secluded-societies to the forces.
that had. ravaged Europe for the two:preceding cen?
turies. The last retinants of the ancient regimes in
Burma, Cambodia, China, Japan, Korea, Laos, Tibet
and Vietnam, more than half the nations:in Asia,
were swept-away; new. and startling "Western" gov-
ernments took. their place, vowing to bring industry
and development ‘to their impoverished and back-
ward peoples. Evenin thosenations spared the vast
changes of utter military defeat or Communist revo-
lution, the departing Europeans handed power. to
new elités*eager to build for themselves the same
power thatthe West possessed.

So. irrespective of political perstiasion, culture,
or history, for the last half century Asia has run a
helter-skeltenrace, trying to catch up with 300 years
of history, inva single lifetime. In developing their
nations;.vatious»Asian regimes»and governments
have been astoundingly successful, though the costs.
of this success have-yet tobe fully counted..Some
nations. changed their minds and'tried to turn, back
to their older and simpler civilizations, but whether
they tried this. through mass.murder. (as.in'Cambo-
dia) or isolation.(as.in Burma), "they=have only
succeeded in becoming poorer versions of theirmore
forward-looking neighbors.

Any human endeavor brings:positivés and nega'
tives, and in the modeérnizationvand development*6f
Asia there are many of eachy These are the light:and

ay

shadow thata Storyteller has at her disposal: While an
exhaustive understanding of the effects of moderniza-
tion on the nations of Asia is obviously beyond the
scope of Killing Streets, the pros and cons listed
below give a good indication of the major ripples that
flow through the last half-century.

f
Or THe Past Bur jN THE PRESENT

One force that worked tirelessly to resist the
forces of modernization were elder Kuei-jin, whose
localized influence props up many traditional struc-
tures for reasons that combine self-interest, igno-
tance and fear. This is not surprising; the more
traditionally minded of the Ten Thousand De-
mons see themselves living within a structure that {
was mandated by Heaven. Changes to that struc-
ture undermine the Dharmic paths they seek to

\follow. Many court ancestors and mandarins refuse
|to accept conquest and domination by the West
and the total and irreversible changes that wrack
the world around them; instead, they see modern-
ization as a corruption of the mandate of Heaven
and so another sign of the imminence of the Sixth
Age. Less charitable Running Monkeys charge
that such opposition has more to do with protect-
ing the elders' power bases, which modernization
has dramatically undermined.

The more society has changed, the more older
Kuei-jin have backed away from direct action on
the streets, preferring to use Running Monkeys,
dhampyrs and trusted families of human retainers
as their intermediaries. All these groupsare taught |
or brought up with an understanding of tradi-

‘tional ways and etiquette while also understand-
ing the new and dynamic world outside the courts.
This allows the ancestors and mandarins to feel
comfortable with them and to go on behaving as
if the world hadn't changed, while still having
some influence over it. Thus a senior Kuei-jin is
unlikely to ever pop up in the alleys and dives of
Asia; they remain out of sight behind Scarlet
Screens and layer after layer of intrigue and mys-
tery, far removed from the streets that have
grown so foreign to them.

Mopern MEpjcjne/ OVERPOPULATION

The introduction of modern medicine into Asia
by Europeans, especially in its'effect on child mortal-
ity, had far-reaching consequences beyond the purely
humanitarian. As fewer children died, the population
of Asia boomed, as_people»ctlturally ingrained to
produce very large families ‘persisted in having many.
children. Ittis;worth noting that, outside China and
India, underpopulationiwas a defining aspect of much
of Asian history; indeed, many kingdoms fought wars
secure more people. Even the populations of China

| 2 ae a 8 fe See
and India were not excessive for nations of such great
size and wealth until the modern era.

Between 1850 and 1970, the Asian population
exploded, leading to land-degradation from over-
farming as villagers tried to support more people,
greatly increased poverty, a gradual collapse of tra-
ditional culture, and dramatically increased urban-
ization. Yet, in one of history's great ironies, no one
was willing to return to the days of letting children
die of disease — much better they should live in
deprivation. This problem persists throughout Asia,
except in those nations that have fully modernized
(like Japan, Korea and Singapore), and even these
nations will remain seriously overcrowded for many
decades to come.

The Green Revowutjon/Rurar Disruption |

Science came to the aid of Asia's burgeoning
population in the 1960s, introducing new crop strains,
chemical fertilizers and pesticides and modern farm-
ing techniques. The changes ended the seemingly
yearly ritual of widespread famine somewhere in Asia,
except under exceptional circumstances, like war or
drought. Since so many people lived in close proxim-
ity to the land, such widespread and massive changes
to the very heart of rural life could not help but have
widespread consequences. The most notable effect
was a further speeding up of the move from rural areas
to the cities, as progressively fewer people were needed
to produce ever-larger crops.

The movement of people exacerbated the cul-
tural changes brought about by the modernization
of agriculture. No longer was farming governed by
the traditional ebb and flow of village life, but
rather by science, a science often barely under-
stood.. The need for chemicals and in some cases
special-seed stock, brought village life into. the
modern economy, undermining traditional author-
ity in some places and drastically reinforcing it in
others, but in all-cases overthrowing the long-
established patterns of society. Public disorder and
strife in many countries followed these tumultuous
changes, yet with famine as the alternative, the
changes were effectively irreversible.

JNDUSTRIALjZATION / EXPLOjTATION

Asia's determination to modernize founda power-
ful ally in international corporations looking for
cheap and easy:places to put factories. As the initial
instability brought about by: modernization ebbed, or
was repressed by dictatorial-regimes, business moved
in and industry came toAsia in a major way. It
happened first.in East. Asia, the Japanese economic
miracle overflowing into South Korea and Taiwan,
while Communism brought mass industrialization to
China. In Southeast and South Asia the process was
slower but no less far-reaching.


Guapren One: To Live ano Dje

Industrialization brought huge wealth to Asia,
providing funds that allowed the almost overnight
creation of highway systems, electricity grids, hospital
systems and many other infrastructure developments.
The benefits of all this growth and construction were
untold and the most obvious sign of the new wealth
has been the emergence of a vocal, wealthy, well-
educated middle class. The middle class reinterpreted
their cultures, demanded/a voice in politics and gen-
erally introduced a new social dynamism into Asia,
becoming' leading proponents of the rule of law, de-
mocracy and human rights.

While a few got rich, many did not, and some got
poorer. Hundreds of thousands left rural areas for the
already overcrowded cities, looking to build anew life
inthe industrial economy. But there were never enough

jobs to go around and many found their new homes in
the slums and shanties that grew to surround major
Asian cities. Even those who have found work in
factories are not necessarily better off, with wages as
low as fifty cents a day. What's more, the factories are
rarely safe and attempts to unionize or otherwise
protest the appalling working conditions are met with
harsh police action or other government oppression.

Industrialization has not merely exploited Asia's
people; the environment has. also suffered serious
damage from uncontrolled pollution and irrespon-
sible resource development. Even inthe richest Asian.
countries like Japan, environmental protection is
not taken as seriously as it should be, and the damage
is beginning to drastically affect the health of people
living around the worst-affected areas. Attempts at

¢

Gowen OrporronjTjes, Fanjng SPLENDOR aNp Ljrme Hews

The massive growth of cities has been a boon to urban Kuei-jin. The harvesting of Chi has become

almost ludicrously easy, and opportunities to garner mundane wealth and influence have burgeoned along

with industrialization and centralization. The decline of rural areas, on the other hand, has hit the power

bases of non-urban Kuei-jin, like many of the penangallan of the Golden Courts, transferring power to the

expanding city courts with a speed that defies the normally glacial pace of Kuei-jin politics and provoking
Primerous shadow wars. Ironically, in the isolated cases where a court exists in a region that stayed close

to its traditional roots (for instance, Burma, Laos, Mindanao in the Philippines, or the western provinces:
of China), the court members have also found themselves seriously weakened, lacking the mortal and Chi
tesources available to courts in more modernized areas. Many of the rural courts are truly fighting for
existence, as other shen, especially hengeyokai shape-changers, sense their weakness and isolation and
continually test their strength.

The courts that are growing fastest are those that have adapted to modernization, like some Genji
courts in Japan, the Golden Lion Court in Singapore or the Flame Court in Hong Kong (most especially
the Righteous Devils of Kowloon). With their newfound power, such courts are also pushing to undermine
more traditional courts, though in the case of the Lion Court very subtly because of the potent powers still
available to the penangallan. From their offices in glittering steel and glass skyscrapers, the modernized
courts look down on the ruins of the past and plan new developments to further secure their power over
the masses and the vast Chi resources they represent. They ignore the rural courts' charges that they are
suborning the infiltration of the Yama Kings' minions into their modern domains. The majority of urban
courts are traditional themselves, but have taken full advantage of the feast of Chi and wealth that
fortuitous circumstance has brought to their table.

All the city courts are watchful, however, whether modern or traditional, because the rural courts may
yet decide to take matters into their own hands as they did under the cover of Year One in Cambodia and
the Cultural Revolution in China. The highly traditionalist rural courts are far from defeated. In fact, they
are generally more powerful than their modernist rivals on a one-to-one basis, and in the event of a
midnight war, would likely sweep the newer courts away. For the time being, they strike back under the
cover of the traditionalist and nationalist movements that are developing spontaneously in human society
in response to the pressures of modernization. Ironically, such movements are inventing traditions as
much as they are protecting traditional culture, and in their support of such groups the backward-looking
elders are ultimately further undermining the society they seek to cosset from history.

The rural courts' charges that the cities are prime grounds for akuma and the Yama Kings are not
without merit, however. If the Kuei-jin find Asia's modernized cities fertile ground, the Yama Kings find
them even more alluring. The misery and despair that makes feeding so easy for the Kuei-jin breeds the
necessary conditions for the lords of the Thousand Hells to extend their reach. The growth of their
influence is made all the easier by the loss of traditional faith and social structures that helped keep devils
away. Indeed, so terrible and horrifying have some places in the Middle Kingdom become that portions
of the Yomi World are starting to manifest directly on Earth. The Wall around the spirit realms has
weakened to almost nothing as suffering and corruption creates small pieces of Hell on Earth.

7

environmental activism meet with the same oppres-
sion and intimidation as labor activism, and the
need for more investment ensures that Asian goyv-
ernments continue to turn.a blind-eye to environ-
mental vandalism.

Ljreracy Programs/Exrremjsr AgjtaTjon

The growth of an urban society allowed Asian
nations to put much more effort into literacy and
other educational programs. Education was keenly
sought after, both for cultural reasons, which in East
Asia placed a high social value on learning, and
because education was correctly seen as the first step
to building a technological society. The new educa-
tion was by default highly Western.in nature, and
with it came an explosion of Western political ideas.
Previously, only a limited elite had known of con-
cepts such as Communism, nationalism and social-
ism; with the expansion of educational opportunity
these ideas became widespread. Given. the general
poverty of their compatriots, the struggle against
increasingly dated traditions that conflicted with
modernization, and perceived interference by former
colonial nations, it is hardly surprising that many of
the newly educated population turned to revolution-
ary ideologies fora solution to the problems gripping
their countries. While the desire for revolution has
dimmed over time, it has not disappeared entirely.
The push for greater democracy and campaigns against
political corruption in many Asian countries are a
continuing example of political agitation brought
about by education and its disruption of local cul-
tures and traditions.

Curturat CHange/PERveERsjon OF TRAD|TION

What is acceptable to one generation is not al-
ways acceptable to later ones. This is.as true of Asian
nations as of any other. Modernization led: to the
abandonment of many less appealing traditional prac-
tices — some. completely, others partially — while a
few persisted to become chronic problems.

Traditions*that' completely faded from: society
generally did so because of direct government inter-
vention, gradual social change or popular discontent.
In China, for instance, the Communists suppressed
the ancient practice of female foot binding, which
involved the deliberate crippling of women in the
name. of beauty..In Japan, on the other hand, the
ancient caste system slowly lapsed into disuse until it
simply faded away. And in India, popular discontent
has led to strict laws being put'in place to control the
traditional use of marijuana.

Absorption, into another part of society usually
saves traditions that only partially fade away. The
samurai culture in Japan survived as the new ethic of
the urban classes; similarly, in India the traditions of
sadhus and gurus metamorphosed into the New Age

Kauing Smeets

religious movement that grew out of the hippie move-
ment of the 1960s.

Those traditions that refuse to fade away are often
the cause of major problems, exacerbating many of the
other stresses caused by modernization. The reasons
for these traditions' survival are myriad. Perhaps the
most famous case is the caste system in India, which
despite its inhumanity has survived decades of reforms
designed to destroy its influence. In other cases, a
particular community or organization supports a tra-
dition because it suits their particular needs.

The Yakuza and the Indonesian army are both
good examples of the latter situation. Each organiza-
tion works hard to maintain the appearance of its
historical reputation, thus holding onto a level of
popular legitimacy to which their recent actions
would otherwise not entitle them. The Yakuza holds
itself up as a society of neighborhood defenders in-
stead of organized crime families, while the Indone-
sian army hides its corrupt and dictatorial nature
under the veneer of its pedigree as a revolutionary
anti-colonial army. Those in control manage this
shadow game through deliberate policies that play on
popular ignorance, staged shows of generosity, and on
the few people within each organization who still
uphold the original ideals. A good example of such
behavior was the Yakuza's response to the Kobe earth-
quake of 1995, when they provided aid days before the
Japanese government got organized enough. to do
anything constructive. At the cost of a little civic-
mindedness, the Yakuza greatly reinforced their tradi-
tional image and made it that much harder for the
police to hinder their criminal operations.

The most dangerous traditions that survive mod-
ernization are not true traditions at all, butrather the
creation of political or religious extremists who have
invented a false history or belief in order to justify
their actions or motivate their followers. Such ma-
nipulation of history and culture is not limited to
modernizing states or to Asia, but it is much easier to.
accomplish in a nation already wracked by major
changes and where the majority of the population
find themselves caught halfway between the comfort
of ancient certainties and the lure of modern ameni-
ties. At such times, the attractions of returning to a
putative golden age, of blaming problems on a de-
spised minority group, and of religious extremism are
all very real and lend themselves to serious political
and social destabilization.

Religious extremism in South and Southeast Asia
is perhaps the best example of this deliberate ma-
nipulation of societal values. Both regions had a
tradition of religious tolerance and syncretism, but
with modernization came those who, in their newly
educated zeal, desired to bring "true" orthodoxy to
their faiths. Such movements, in religions as diverse
as Islam and Hinduism, denounced the traditionally


Cusprer Ones To Live ano

loose forms of worship as moral laxity brought about
by Westernization. Such religious movements, by
their blatant and deliberate distortions, have had
grave effects, often setting back the rights of women
and spurring sectarian violence.

{ 7
REVoLUTJONARJES OF THE ETERNAL NiGghT

The most moribund and oppressive social
systems in Asia are the traditional Kuei-jin courts,
where ancestors and mandarins enforce total con-
trol and insist on the observance of ancient tradi-
tions that have little relevance outside the court's
closed environment. With younger Kuei-jin ex-
cluded and exploited, resentment mixes with
stagnation to ferment explosive political intrigues.
Unsurprisingly, as soon as the elder Kuei-jin's {
power bases came under threat by modernization,
the first rebellions against their political domina-
tion began. Beneath the civil wars and street
violence that wracked Asia throughout the 1960s,
the first Bamboo Princes and elders were busy
fighting their own bitter revolutions. Many new
courts were spawned during this time.

Such violence could not be sustained for
long. Despite the weakening effects of modern-
ization, the ancestors were too wily to be over-
thrown by the ambitious but disorganized younger
Kuei-jin who opposed them. Ambition is the key
word here, for only a few of those who revolted
were truly revolutionaries. Behind the idealists
were many who simply desired the mandarins'
power for themselves, and those desires were the
weapon with which the courts broke the revolu-
tionaries' back. Savvy mandarins bought off
younger Kuei-jin with more influential roles, or
replaced fallen courts with slightly more modern-
ized versions whose new mistresses turned on the
idealists to shore up their own power.

The result, despite the idealists' failure to
create a truly new Kuei-jin society, was a drastic |
realignment of power within the courts. No longer
could the ancestors and mandarins ignore the
Running Monkeys, and as a result they gave more
influential roles assigned to younger wu. The
revolutionaries were not totally defeated, of
course. Many went underground within the courts;
others turned to the Yama Kings in their despair.
Still others drifted into the shadows of Asia's
great cities, continuing to work tirelessly at over-
throwing the rule of the ancestors. Heimin or
declared akuma, these revolutionary wu work to
educate other Kuei-jin, seeking allies and agents
in the courts while using their greater knowledge
of the modern world to build their own Scarlet |
Screens and human contacts with a view to un-
dermining the courts.

25

Poverty anp BackwarpnNess.

Only a few Asian nations have managed to over-
come the legacy of overpopulation, illiteracy and
stagnation left by Western colonialism and interfer-
ence. Only in Japan (which had a 100-year head
start), in the southern portion of Japan's own former
colony Korea, and in Singapore are the poor a minor-
ity fed and housed at a reasonable standard. In the rest
of Asia, the status of the poor waxes and wanes with
the fortunes of their nations, their existence so pre-
carious that a bad harvest, natural disaster or stock
market collapse can send them from barely surviving
into starvation.

When forced into a capitalistic system, as almost
every person in Asia has been in the last fifty years,
backward and uneducated people become reliant on
outside goods and services that they can only buy
with money —money they don't possess and have
limited means of acquiring. Modernization makes
them poor, and their limited opportunities don't
allow them to take much advantage of
modernization's benefits to overcome their poverty
or backwardness. Trapped in this cycle, whole popu-
lations have fallen through the cracks of Asia's eco-
nomic miracle, the unseen discards of the success
stories trumpeted throughout the 1990s.

Such a prevalence of poor and backward citizens
has definite social effects, especially ina modernizing
economy where suddenly some people have far more
than others. The most obvious is the disenfranchise-
ment of the poor, leaving them faceless and unheard,
but more disturbing is the way that poverty becomes
accepted within society. Asia is by no means the only
example of this phenomenon, but in Asia
modernization's effects have starkly laid out the con-
trasts between the modern rich and the backward
poor. With acceptance comes disdain and a belief that
trying to "solve" the problem of poverty is beyond a
nation's capability.

Most damaging of all, acceptance brings a loss of
hope. Modernization plays a role in this hopelessness
by encouraging people to move to cities in search of
paid employment, thus disconnecting them from the
traditional culture that gave justification to their
hardship, and giving them only unachievable mirages
of material prosperity in return. It is in the urban
slums of modern Asia that the worst poverty grows.

The physical reality of the poor is a litany of what
they don't have: easy access to medical care, clean
water, reliable food supplies;decent housing, educa-
tion, legal services, modern communications and in-
formation. The latter is especially important because
ignorance makes escaping from their plight much
more difficult, and makes them easily preyed upon by
the corrupt and criminal. Being exploited and abused
is the social reality for the poor; they're powerless in

26

countries not noted for respecting human rights or
due process. Altogether, being poor is harder in Asia.
For the great majority it is soul-wrenching, faced as
they are with often brutal choices necessary to stave
off death or starvation. Only the insatiable human
drive to stay alive keeps such people going.

Reapjng 4 Bjrrer Harvest

Poverty is a great boon to the Kuei-jin, as it
provides them with a nearly inexhaustible supply of
Chi. The poor are actually a form of currency among
the Hungry Dead; control over a housing complex
or slum represents great wealth, a pool of Chi that
can be used, traded or "stored" by a wu or single
vampire as he or she sees fit. That death and pain
are all too prevalent in the slums, shanties and
working-class tenements of Asia's cities just makes
harvesting this Chi all the easier. Chi is far more
important to a Kuei-jin than such mundane wealth
as money, drugs, real estate or even political power.
The use of such baubles, to greater and lesser de-
grees depending on the Kuei-jin involved, is to
secure control over Chi resources.

While the Kuei-jin's feeding is not restricted to
the poor, their sheer number, their powerlessness,
their short and brutal lives and official disinterest
in their wellbeing makes poor people the easiest
prey. Only the grossest abuses stand out among the
everyday horrors of the slums and back streets
Some Kuei-jin do make a positive contribution by
preventing any other, human or shen, from preying
on their resource, but ultimately, humans are cattle
— well-treated cattle, but cattle nonetheless. This
of course raises problems for some Running Mon-
keys and dhampyrs who still feel a connection to
their humanity. How human are you when your
actions, or at least the orders of those above you, are
predicated on human beings being nothing more
than chattels?

The poor are also attractive to the Kuei-jin for
another reason. Because of their traditionalism, the
poor are more open to. superstition and thus more
likely to be easily intimidated or appropriately re-
spectful of a Kuei-jin, a/positive attitude as far as the
mandarins are concerned, Some elders therefore can
be found inhabiting moldering temples and appar-
ently rotting tenements in the oldest and poorest
areas of town, surrounded by respectful masses. This
physical presence dampens some of the Running
Monkeys' exuberance, especially when dealing with
huthans, who. dee Pespectfully"and follow traditions.
Doing harm toa person "respectful of heaven" does
not endear a youngster to his elders, some of whom
can' develop almost human attachments to those
people who still fit neatly within their ancient and
outmoded views. By concentrating in the poorer
quarters, however, many elders also isolate them-

King Smreers

selves from the new. seats of power, further under-
mining their influence and awareness of the true
state of the city around them.

The Kuei-jin are not the only ones. who look:to
prey on society's most vulnerable. Other shen, as well
as more human monsters, vie for the privilege, but
conflicts are less prevalent than might be expected.
When a court ancestor asks a Running Monkey to
infiltrate a smuggling gang in Kowloon or a prostitu-
tion racket in Chowringhee, is*the ancestor really
interested in controlling a few boats or brothels? It is
exceedingly unlikely that the elders' interests are so
base. Perhaps the real aim is to cement control of a
block of tenements or undermine a rival's control of a
missionary school for street children...7o humans,
however, such organizations are merely about money.
Often, therefore, the Kuei-jin and human criminals
can coexist, sometimes with the human criminals not
even realizing who or what they are dealing with. So
long as they retain. control over the local Chi re-
sources, the mandarins tend not to care about what
else goes on around them. This situation makes the
Kuei-jin excellent allies for a clever human criminal,
leaving him or her with the money while the demon
takes advantage of the Chi provided through the
illicit activities. Unfortunately for the human in-
volved, demonic allies tend to have demonic en-
emies, which can make life-very hard for a criminal
who just wants to make a dishonest living.

Running Monkeys are less removed from modern
society than their elders and tend to pursue agendas
set by their old mortal ties. It is not unusual, for a
disciple to spawn a gang war, vigilante campaign, race
tiot or outbreak of religious violence, sometimes de-
liberately, often accidentally. Because the Running
Monkeys' interest in mortal affairs soon fades, how-
ever, their effect on the streets is like.a typhoon,
damaging and massively powerful but. short-lived.
Other shen are another matter altogether. The Shih
demon hunters and hengeyokai beast-people are: es-
pecially prone to close ties to poor humans, either
protectively like the Shih or exploitatively like the
Kumo were-spiders. These beings usually recognize
the Kuei-jin for what they are‘and object to. their
activities. To resist or pre-empt such, attacks, the
Kuei-jin turn to their mortal pawns — and so the
fighting begins, with the poor in the middle and
unlikely to benefit regardless of who wins.

Poljtjcs aND THE STATE

Asia has little or no tradition.of democracy or
the rule of law, though almost all Asian nations had
extensive experience with despotic and bureaucratic
governments. Western colonialists either displaced,
the traditional, absolute rulers with foreign domina-
tion or imposed their will by bullying the traditional
elites into submission. The resulting colonial or


Cnaprer Ones To Live ann Die

near-colonial states used the great advances of the
19th century (modern administration, communica-
tions and transport) to build efficient governments
devoted to denying the local populace a say and to
keeping them firmly in their place. The methods
employed by the West were of a sort that would have
been labeled barbarous if they had been employed in
the "civilized" environs of Europe. Assassinations,
exile without trial, genocide, massacre and starva-
tion, all of the worst abuses of police states like Nazi
Germany or the Soviet Union, were first tried in
Asia by the colonial powers.

The nationalists who replaced the colonialists
following the Second World War were almost all
members of tiny classes of local intellectuals, with
only their limited experience of Western politics to
guide them in ruling their new countries. In every
case, the Asian nation followed a nearly identical
pattern. Democracy replaced colonialism, but soon
reverted to corruption and anarchy. Despotism then
replaced democracy, justifying itself through what-
ever ideology was convenient: Communism, economic
development, nationalism, even the protection. of
democracy. Eventually democracy replaced. despo-
tism, as the rising middle class built by modernization
demanded a say and had the economic muscle to
enforce it.

Not all countries traveled down this road at the
same rate. Japan, for instance, had reached the last
stage, relative democracy, before most other Asian
nations were free of the West. Only in the last
decade has Japan had company, as Indonesia, the
Philippines, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand
evolved into true, though often very shaky, democ-
tacies. The period between the fall and rise of de-
mocracy has had the most profound effects on Asia,
however. Even in nations that are now purportedly
democratic, the institutions of oppression remain
powerful and omnipresent, hovering just out of sight
but never out of mind.

The issues go beyond merely having the right to
vote. Rights that are taken for granted in the West —
such as freedom of assembly, freedom of speech, the
tight to legal counsel, the right to remain silent and
the right to a fair trial — exist in name only, if at all,
in most Asian countries outside of Japan. The prob-
lems go deeper still in many nations, where police and
military brutality (even death squads) create aclimate
offear. Even in more progressive nations like Malaysia
and Singapore, attempting to combat the ruling party's
hold on power or corrupt practices can lead to indefi-
nite imprisonment without trial or deliberate finan-
cial ruination.

Nor is keeping your head down and trying not to
be noticed much protection in tyrannical societies.
The first thing to note about Asia is the level of
political corruption. From Japan down, political sys-

27

tems are crippled by officials' lack of public account-
ability; the main difference is how much.they bother
trying to hide the graft. This impinges on every aspect
of life, as criminals with official protection run ram-
pant and even access to the most basic government
service relies on paying a bribe toa local bureaucrat.
It also means that funds for hospitals or humanitarian
aid for the victims of war or natural disaster often go
astray long before the starving and needy see the
money: Those who resist complying with corrupt
demands run the same risks as those who pursue
democracy or human rights — often even greater
because governments can disclaim responsibility for
"criminal" activity.

Beyonp THe Petry Concerns oF
Mortar MEN

With most governments and their agencies in
Asia crippled by endemic incompetence or corrup-
tion, Kuei-jin face little official opposition and out-
side of Singapore and some parts of Japan and Korea.
Therefore, they have little need for anything resem-
bling the Kin-jin Masquerade. The often-brutal Asian
police forces and armies also make useful tools for
securing ownership over areas with valuable concen-
trations of Chi, but in this sense the Kuei-jin use
government forces in the same way. they would an
organized crime group rather than specifically to en-
hance™ their official. powers: This similarity isn't
surprising; for the most part on the streets of Asia,
"official" just means a gangster with a uniform.

Controlling such forces is an easier task for the
ancestors and mandarins, since the established chain
of command allows them to take control. without
having to understand the nature of the streets. Court
elders often warn younger Kuei-jin against interfering
with official organizations because they wish to pro-
tect their own domains and also because they fear
losing one of their few remaining tools on the streets
to the growing power of the Running Monkeys. The
mandarins' influence may also have something to do
with why so many Asian police forces seem to hold
ideas at odds with the reality of the society around
them, harking back. to social models long since de-
stroyed by modernization.

This is especially true of Singapore, China and
Japan, where the forces of law and order are trying to
enforce social strictures far removed from the needs of
the streets. The police and army are essentially acting
as foot soldiers in a war against change. In this war,
ambitious and despotic human politicians who seek to
reinforce their own rule by denying modernization
and the fearful Kuei-jin elders who seek the same
thing within their courts, are natural (if coincidental)
allies. It is often hard to tell which is more brutal in
their methods, or where human intrigues end and
demonic ones begin.

The pervasive corruption within, Asian institu-
tions means, however, that influence over official
forces often means less than it might, a drawback the
court elders try hard to ignore or overcome. The irony
of a Kuei-jin elder backing:anti«corruption purges is
not lost on the more aware Running Monkeys. Suchia
step is logical for elders to pursue, however, for there
is little use in dominating the police commissioner if
his officers pervert his orders andare more answerable
to the local crime boss than tohim. A similar limita-
tion is the lack of regard'that Asians; especially the
poor, have for officialdom. Respect often exists only
for the threat of violence that police and soldiers
represent and is shown only when the authorities are
in sight. Mandarins, like Asia's human despots, tend'
to take offence at people's defiance of their authority,
however remotely imposed.

Where the Kuei-jin do not exert much influence
over officialdom, matters are even more vexing. In
areas where mortals are passively or openly. rebelling
against the tyrannical:rule of the local elite, sudden
violence can destroy a scheme years in the making or
can easily cost a Kuei-jin her existence. Even in less
openly violent places, corruption often makes it nearly
impossible to predict a given official's decisions..
What's allowed today may be reason for arrest tomor-
row. Merely upsetting the wrong person, even a pow
erful mortal, can get someone blacklisted.and made a
target for terror troops or prosecutors.-Backing ‘the
wrong side can make'aKuei-jin or her Scarlet Screen'
the target of death squads or terrorist bombings. Chaos,
corruption and violence are all two-edged swords,
offering opportunity on the one-hand and painon the
other. On. the streets, only a careful Kuei-jin avoids
getting hurt.

TrapjTiON AND RELjGjON

Asians remain very attached to their cultural
traditions, especially religion, even if some "tradi-
tions" are now unpracticed or bear little resemblance
totheirancestors' beliefs. Ina time of constant change,
tradition and religion offer seemingly stable founda-
tions for lives and communities otherwise in turmoil.
The streets of Asia have always maintained aclose
connection to these traditions, the flip side of their
poverty: Thus, the streets embody a confusing .and
exotic mélange of the Western and the traditional,
often exacerbating, the worst and burying the best
traits of both.

This mix of traditions updated for the modern age
is impossible to escape even for the casual observer. It
ranges from the merely idiosyncratic; like the electric
candles.now common in family*shrines. in Chinese
households, to the incongruous, like a combination of
elephants.and modern limousines:in an Indian wed-
ding procession» More dangerousand intractable prob-
lems lurk out of sight, however. Anexact list of such

Kiusing Smreers

issues would be a book invitself, but such problematic
traditions:can be summarized as involving race, class,
s€x, power, and religion.

EVERYONE AND EVERYTHING jN jTS PLace

The manipulation. of tradition»has-always been,
the Kuei-jin's most subtle method of influence, though
modernization is'slowly eroding. its effectiveness"as
the pace and nature of change leads more‘and more
Asians to adopt a fundamentally. global and Western.
focus: For the present, however, a gift to the right
crime lord-or politician, a:sincere apology to an af-
fronted local police chief, the threat of some very bad
feng shui-or an advantageous arranged marriage be-
tween two powerful families can give a Kuei-jin what
he.or she wants without resorting.to any obvious
action. In day-to-day affairs and in twilight wars, such
actions are common. Indeed, before modernization
such actions were all a court needed to maintain its.
tethers in the mortal world. With the dawning of the
Sixth Age and the failure of mortals to respect the
mandate of Heaven, the results of such traditional
methods are becoming increasingly unpredictable and
gradually falling into disuse on the ever more violent
and disrespectful streets.

Racsw

The capacity to hate one another based on the
most fallacious concepts is, unfortunately, a human
failing common to all cultures. Asia is no exception.
If anything, the multitude of ethnic groups'and the
legacy of colonial divide-and-conquer polities (con-
tinued by some Asian tyrants today) make the prob-
lems of racism even more intractable in this region.
As is the-case in many places where racism is preva-
lent, the real differences are more cultural or reli-
gious than "ethnic", and few tangible reasons exist
for the hatred. Popular feeling against.the Japanese
and Chinese, the two most widely disliked ethnic
groups in Asia, cannevertheless be traced to definite
historical and social antagonisms.

In Southeast Asia, the Chinese fill an invidious
role.in the public psyche. Hundreds of thousands of
Chinese settled in the region*over the centuries,
imported by local rulers and then by colonial authori-
ties to create a merchant class without strong local
roots and therefore reliant on the protection of who-
ever was in power at the time. Believing in the supe-
riority of their own culture, encouraged by the local
tulers not to integrate and put off by religious differ-
ences in many cases, Chinese migrants became a
relatively wealthy, educated and isolated community.
In many regions, locals rarely saw a Westerner during
colonialism, but they all saw the resident.Chinese
agentsof the colonial regime.

Unsurprisingly, then, local people came torte?
sent the Chinese for their wealth, their influence

Cuaprer Ont: To Live ano Dir

29

and their difference. They have sometimés been
called the "Jews of Asia" because of the popular
hatred they face and the risk of violence against
them whenever law and order break down. In any
period of turmoil, marauding locals invariably loot,
burn, murder and rape in-the Chinese quarter, their
rampages often leading to hundreds or even thou-
sands of deaths. The-last noticeable outbreak oc-
curred during the overthrow of the Indonesian
President Suharto in 1997. Thousands of Chinese
families were burned out of theirhomes across Indo-
nesia, investigations estimated that as many as ten
thousand women were raped, and millions of dollars'
worth of goods were stolen or destroyed.

Other, less widespread, hatreds are boiling over in
Asia as well. Indonesia, for instance, has over a hun-
dred and eighty ethnic groups, many with a long
tradition of mutual antipathy. While more localized
than anti-Chinese feelings, the results are just as
bloody when the Achenese and Bataks fight, or the
Ambonese attack settlers from Java. Elsewhere, it is
Filipinos against Malays, Malays against Thais, Cam-
bodians against Vietnamese, Tamils against Singha-
lese, Bengalis against Rajputs, Cantonese against
Hakka, Manchurians against Mongols,. Japanese
against Koreans, and the-list goes on. The litany of
violence, discrimination and baseless preconceptions
harbored on the streets of Asia-stains a gutter some-
where with blood everyday.

Tue Most Excenenr DEMon

Among themselves, most Kuei-jin do not hold to
the prejudices of their mortal lives. Being one of the
Ten Thousand Demons overrides most everything
else. Exceptions exist, of course, especially among the
Running Monkeys who have not yet fully adapted to
their changed circumstances. This is not to say that
certain wu and even entire courts do not hold to a
particular racial superiority complex. Indeed, the ri-
valries between Chinese and Japanese courts, as well
as the disdain both hold for the Golden Courts, have
an obvious racial element to them. However, few
courts go to the extent of accepting disciples only
from particular mortal communities, though such dis-
crimination: is quite common among wu. Much like
mortals, Kuei-jin rarely display their racism openly,
preferring to frame their arguments in terms of moral-
ity and upholding the rule of Heaven.

While Kuei-jin may leave behind much of their
bigotry with the Second-Breath,, the world around
them doesn't change. A°Kuei-jin from a minority
background still faces a great many problems, from
physical violence to more subtle'social discrimina-
tion. Nor can she seek to operate solely within her
former community —she is at the beck and call of the
court mandarins who, given their limited interac-
tion with the streets, may well not understand the


problems she faces. Then again, assigning a Korean
disciple to duties within the Japanese suburbs in
Hino or a Chinese jina to the Malay slums of Bandar
Acehcould very well be a deliberate punishment ora
pointed lesson in humility.

Cass

Every society has its divisions, artificial rules that
say one person is more important, worthy and respect-
able than another. Family, profession and wealth are
all key elements in how modern societies judge social
standing, but less modernized societies often have less
flexible concepts that determine a person's place in
life. On the streets of Asia, the old concepts are dying
out, but slowly, and those who benefit from tradi-
tional divisions are working hard to ensure that their
superiority remains accepted.

The most obvious and traditional class division
is that of nobility, where a few families are held up for
their long history and the honor and influence of
theirancestors. Both Japan and Thailand are consti-
tutional monarchies with well-regarded royal fami-
lies, while elsewhere in Asia innumerable rajas, sul-
tans and chieftains remain influential even after
losing their direct political power. Some are impov-
erished, some wealthy, but many nevertheless retain
immense influence among the least. modern seg-
ments of society. Some use their influence for good,
such as the Thai King's programs to get the hill tribes
to stop cultivating opium, and some for ill, such as
the Sultan of Aceh's involvement with various ex-
tremist Muslim groups.

The most extreme traditional representation of
class is a caste system, where a person's role in society
is predetermined by birth. The Indian caste system,
which condemns thousands to-a life of poverty as
untouchables, is the most well-known, but similar
(although less harshly enforced) systems exist in many
cultures, including Japan, Thailand, Burma and some
parts of Indonesia. In a'caste system, social position is
purely determined by blood and often backed: by
stringent social and»religious sanctions to prevent
people stepping out of line. In India, for instance,
even after a hundred years of reforms to improve the
lot of the untouchables (also known as Dalits), this
lowest caste_ still suffers from discrimination in em-
ployment and education, an appallingly low standard
of living and outright attacks by members of higher
castes trying to keep them from "rising above them-
selyes." Elsewhere, the effects are less dire, but on the
streets many people know that their birth alone dic-
tates how high they can rise.

Tue Most Worrny DEMon

Taking the Second Breath certainly raises a Kuei-
jin above her roots, but not wholly without effort.
Any newly returned Kuei-jin must learn the language

and etiquette of her new society, and the learning
curve is sharper for those hailing from humble roots.
The process of ré— the education of anew vampire —
was always important in this regard, with a hin being
taught the appropriate modes of behavior. With mod-
ernization, ré has taken on new.importance, asin some
cases new hin cannot even speak-a proper language.
Failure at this instruction ensures that a Kuei-jin
never achieves the rank of disciple, and those who
learn half-heartedly win themselves enemies among
the staunchly conservative elders. While many Run-
ning Monkeys resent this treatment, decrying the old
forms of rank, respect and honor as outmoded and
weighed against them, a new disciple must adapt to
gain acceptance. Indeed, having survived this period
as hin is an indication that a Kuei-jin has gone some
way to doing just that.

Mortals, unaware of the demons who move among
them, have less regard for the mystical promotion that
comes with the Second Breath. A vampire with an
obvious lower class background (say a Korean in
Japan) is looked down on in death just as he was in life.
Of course many Running Monkeys make an issue of
taking such mortals severely to task for such arro-
gance, and eventually clever Kuei-jin gain enough
resources and influence that such petty concerns drift
into insignificance. Scarlet Screens are useful in this
regard. Through a pawn. of the appropriate class,
especially one supposedly remoyed from the streets
like the scion of a noble family or a priest, a Kuei-jin
can gain influence on mortal affairs that the Kuei-jin's
own background would ordinarily preclude. Getting
caught manipulating events in such a-manner, how-
ever, is likely to bring extreme social sanction within
the mortal community.

SEX

In the West, women still struggle for true equality,
with men. In Asia, especially outside the Westernized
and educated middle classes, women's situation. is
downright dire. Local cultures are'rife with elements
that are highly oppressive, dismissive and"exploit-
ative of women. From the widespread.-tradition"of
selling daughters to specific traditions: like the out-
lawed Indian practice of sati, where widows are burnt
to death on their husbands' funeral pyres, the lot of
women on the streets of Asia is discernibly worse than
it is for men.

The source of many of an Asian woman's burdens
is the widespread practice of dowries. When adaugh-
ter is married, her family must provide asuitable gift
to the groom's family, with whom the bride thengoes
to live. For the poor, this is a double blow.-Not only
must they give away some of what limited wealth
they have, they also lose'aset of hands, a dutiful child
who will not be around to support her parents in
theirdotage. Sons, not unnaturally, are much prized

because they reverse this equation. Hence, female
children are unwelcome in many Asian cultures.
Even today, a woman, who has too many daughters
orno sons, is frequently in danger of her life in these
societies. Nor is it unknown for female children to be
killed at birth by unimpressed relatives.

For those women who survive to adulthood, par-
ents have always had the option of selling them rather
than marrying them off. In the past, women were sold
into traditional industries like weaving or as servants
and concubines. With modernization, however, an
even less savory fate awaits them. The development of
a Western-style sex industry — most notably in Thai-
land and the Philippines, but also in Indonesia, India
and China —provides often unwilling employment
for increasing numbers of poor women. Womien sold
into sex slavery live in appalling conditions, raped
daily and almost certain to die of neglect or AIDS. A
new twist to this horror story is the export of such
women to Western countries to work in the sex
industry there, leaving them even more alone and
isolated than before.

Tue Most Equa: Demons

Female Kuei-jin find that after the Second Breath,
all the limitations on them, at least within immortal
society, drop away. A demon is a demon; gender
matters little, especially when a female Kuei-jin has
equal power to inflict hideous. retribution for any
slights against her. To the extent that sex discrimina-
tion exists among the Ten Thousand Demons, it
works the other way around, with female Kuei-jin
regarded by some elders as more dangerous than males.
The example of the penangallan of the Golden Courts,
surely helps foster this image. Whether female Kuei-
jin actually have a natural affinity for Flesh Shintai
and other disciplines, or whether the rise of matriar-
chal courts in Southeast Asia is simply a reaction
against the highly oppressive patriarchal systems of
the region's mortal world, is impossible to determine.
It is true, however, that female Kuei-jin hold their
own in the courts. Only a foolish disciple' treats a
female demon. poorly, for few-female' Kuei-jin ever
forget the oppression and abuse they suffered as
mortals. In fact, many of the women who take the
Second Breath died in ways attributable to their
oppression by a patriarchal society, and rose from Hell
through sheer rage at the injustice of it all. With such
shared memories, it is not unheard of for all the female
Kuei-jin of a court to turn on.a disciple who shows
them disrespect.

In the mortal world, of course, the burden of
backward mortal views on the place of women is still
afemale Kuei-jin's to bear. A young woman alone on
the streets is seen as an open invitation to human
predators, and while mortal attackers may not pose a
real threat toa Kuei-jin, dealing with them can quickly

~*~

wear thin. In some regions, especially the most back-
ward or those in the grip of religious fundamentalism,
women live under severe restrictions. For instance, in
devoutly Islamic areas women generally may not walk
around in public without a male escort, nor may they
own property or receive an education. Female Kuei-
jin might therefore find it necessary" to disguise
themselves as males when operating on the streets of
Pakistan or in rural areas of Malaysia or Sumatra.

Being female does have its mortal benefits, how-
ever. Not only dowomen have access to information
that might never reach male ears, but their "lesser"
gender also makes it much easier for them to play the
power behind the throne in criminal organizations
or corporations. They act the part of the wife or
mistress and fade into the background as far as mortal
males are concerned. In many misogynist cultures,
women also keep up a powerful clandestine social
network, garnering much information and attaining
a great deal if influence via husbands, lovers and
sons. If female Kuei-jin can access this network and
manipulate it to their advantage, they can use it as a
powerful and subtle tool to advance their own inter-
ests. On thestreets, the local women usually see most
of what happens because they operate the market
stalls, sweep the streets and run their daily errands.
While they generally keep what they learn to them-
selves, unwilling to interfere in the business of men,
a female Kuei-jin merely by dint of her sex can elicit
help and information that would otherwise be inac-
cessible. Many. of the most successful information-
gathering Scarlet Screens are built on this model of
female cooperation.

Power

Many traditions exist to reinforce the social struc-
ture of a community, ensuring the continuing power
and influence of particular groups. Cultural change
always risks upsetting the status quo, and those groups
whose power is at risk fight tooth and nail to ensure
that their privileged positions remain unchallenged.
Perhaps the most widespread and damaging cultural
tradition of this nature is nepotism, or looking after
family and friends before all else. While certainly not
unknown in the West; nepotism has always been most
highly thought of and practiced in traditional Asian
cultures. The effects. of nepotism-within a modern,
capitalistic and bureauctatic'system are extreme, how-
ever, with places in schools and universities, govern-
ment contracts and even menial: government jobs,
becoming commodities with which to prop up a given
family's power and influence. The effects move be-
yond mere corruption because they extend to every
level of society. On the streets, some families control
certain trades, or an-extended family uses its wide
influence to ensure the success of its members at
others' expense.


A more esoteric tradition is thatof tyrannical
tule. Many Asian cultures historically "laud strong,
authoritarian rulers. Whether the Chinese tradition:
of the Confucian mandarin or the Indonesian Bapak
or father figure, many people unquestioningly accept
political or military leaders whovact autocratically or
who demand privileges not normally granted withina
democratic system. In exchange,'such leaders are
expected to bring stability and:prosperity — some-
thing that is not necessarily asure bet, since modern
economics and dictatorial rule often:conflict. On the
streets, however, a widespread belief remains that
strongmenare a necessary evil. Their tule is generally
accepted, except by the self-interested middle class
and those. radicals inculcated withthe ideas, of the
democratic West.

Tue Most Honorable Deon

To the ancestors and mandarins'of the Kuei-jin,
the traditional:trappings of power are not just the
familiar and proper way to conduct affairs; they, are
also an easy avenue to influence and, power..Few
mortals could compete with the experience and con?
nections of an.unliving mandarin in pre-modérn Asia.
By their immortal nature alone, many Kuei-jin devel-
oped ties to noble andotherinfluential families, using
the nepotistic network of their various mortal pawns.
to keep an eye on many diverse aspects of society» The
Kuei-jin also had a unique ability to use the tradi+
tional trappings of power, like the importance of age
in China, spiritual prowess:im Java or caste status in
India. By virtue of their immortal natures and the
powers granted to them by the Second Breath, Kuei-
jincould awe rulers and ruled alike into accepting that
they had.a special role under Heaven. Indeed, many
Kuei-jin believed this was the case, taking their influ-
ence and-position over mortals for. granted.

Conquest by the West, colonialism-and modern-
ization have severely undermined the mandarins' po-
litical power, however. More than the influence of the
Kin-jin.and other shen, the changed nature of politics.
has hurt them,'as*they were unable'or unwilling to
adapt to the new systems of power. Democracies, even
the dubious and: corrupt' democracies "ofAsia, "are
especially confusing, with many older Kuei*jin‘in-
credulous thatanyone wouldallow common people.to
have a-say"in@the Tule of nations. Overnight ‘the
changes indtced:by*modernization reduced carefully
cultivated families of noble pawns to irrelevance.
Many ancestors have been playing political catch-up
for the last.century:

The traditional courts have therefore been strong
supporters of*anyone-seéking..to,overturnthe new
forms'of government and return to the-old'ways., The
elders' supportof Various corrupt and‘supposedly tra-
ditional. dictators ‘hasn't been. cnough;, howeverpto
feturn.them'to, their previous*positions, ofsinfluences

The present turmoil within the courts primarily stems
fromthe elders' inability-to dominate the younger
Kueizjin on the-streets:of the new Asia, where real
power liés. In the gleaming office towers and. garish
girlie bars, the Bamboo Princes feel the rhythms of the
streets and play them naturally. The elders, unwilling
orunable tounderstand the streets, get their informa-
tion andimplement their policies secondhand, always
seeming a step behind.until matters enter the courts,
where the elders' mastery of the forms of court politics
allow them todominate'the immortal night(for now).

This balance of powerisa crucial point in running
a'game of Killing Streets: No matter how much the
Running Moneys own the streets, the elders still
dominate the courts. Their personal power, their
Dharmic enlightenment, and most especially their
control over the forms of political discourse, guaran-
tee it. By inculcating all new Kuei-jin in traditional
political culture, the courts are ensuring that all Kuei-
jin understand the methods by which true political
legitimacy is demonstrated. A Running Monkey may
believe that settling a political dispute via a calligra-
phy or haiku competition is rank stupidity, but when
powerful elders insist on honoring such methods, they
are followed. At court, a disciple's'ability to manipu-
late dozens of Triad hung kwan (gang leaders) doesn't
count for.very much. Also, disciples or jina sometimes
welcome such mild and refined methods of political
discourse because they realize that in an all-ourmid-
night war, a mandarin could rip them limb from limb.
Modern-minded Kuei-jin have a long way to go before
their mortal power grows' great enough.to challenge
the hidden might of the elders, no matter how much
they can-cheat them on the streets in'the meantime.

RELIGjON

The savior of some and the doom of others, reli
gion is an inescapable fact in Asia. No empty churches
and dying faiths here; instead, people turn'to God,
mysticism, priésts and holy men with alacrity, accept-
ing the role that faith, fate, magic'and the spirits play
in.everyday lifes.Even among the Western-educated
middle classes, faith remains strong. Disconnected
frometheir traditional lot, the new rich turn. to the
religions of their fathers for something,to give their
lives certainty and purpose. Nor is Asia lacking in
gréat religious traditions. Hinduism, Buddhism, Is-
lam, Taoism, Confucianism, Shinto, hundreds of ani-
mist sects, and combinations of all_of the above,
pervade the continent.

The purpose of this section» is not to»give a
fundown on various religious beliefs, which you'can
find-in the Kindred of the East Companion, but
rather'to éxamine how faith impacts day-to-day life.
In that tegard, the exact beliefs are far less important
than'the way religion supports (or undermines) the
traditional structure of society. An inherently social

Cuspter One: To Live ann Dye

33

animal, religion has always been used to justify those
in power. With the aping of Western political forms
as part of modernization, however, Asian religions
suddenly lost their strong connection to the state. In
many cases they became loose cannons, attracting
those disenchanted with change-

Beyond ritualistic symbolism and activities, ex-
tremism is the most obvious and influential religious
expression in Asia today. The great majority of Asians,
even those poor souls on the streets, look to their faith
only to guide their prayers, show them the appropriate
rites and taboos and channel their hope for a better
life after death. To a notable minority, however, faith
becomes an excuse to violently seek reward here on
Earth. There are many facets of such fanaticism, from
the hard-right and militant Shinto organizations in
Japan that seek to return the Emperor to his status as
God-King, to the Muslim radicals of Southeast Asia
and their struggles to carve Islamic states out of the
Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand, to the
Singhalese Buddhist extremists in Sri Lanka who
advocate the genocide of the Hindu Tamil minority,
tothe corresponding Tamil Hindu extremists fighting
for a separate Tamil state.

The poor are the most susceptible to the blandish-
ments of religious extremists. Desperately poor people
have little to lose and often rely on religious organiz
tions for education and for help in times of need. Even
for those not directly involved, extremism is hard to
avoid. Few wish to see what little they have destroyed
by those seeking to punish the insufficiently faithful,
after all. Religious minorities at risk of mob violence
are all the more likely to respond with extremism of
their own.

Many religious extremists, despite their moralistic
facade, also engage in criminal activities to fund the
good fight — selling drugs or guns, or running protec-
tion or kidnapping rackets, are hardly unheard of. A
good example of such behavior is the Islamic extremists
of South Asia, who from their bases in Afghanistan and
northern Pakistan have become major producers of
hashish and heroin. Despite their claims that the drugs
are for sale only to decadent Westerners, problems with
drug abuse are starting to seriously afflict the extrem-
ists' own societies. The extremist elements then blame
these problems on lax moral behavior and use them as
an excuse for a further crackdown on those who resist
their fundamentalist rule:

Notall those who turn'toreligion seek out violent
solutions; many simply use their faith to hide fromthe
encroaching changes that are redefining how they
live. Variously called traditionalists, orthodox or
iconoclasts, they call for-a»return to old forms of
morality and strict interpretations of social standards.
Their appeals almost always run counter to the true
needs of society, but are influential and touch upon
strong and deeply felt cultural beliefs.


34

Religious activism also has its positive side, of
course. Many Catholic priests died or were impris-
oned fighting the Marcos regime inthe Philip-
pines and the Indonesians in East-Timor, for ex-
ample. Likewise, Islamic-intellectuals and Bud-
dhist priests are often at the*forefront of move-
ments resisting dictators and domineering crime
lords. From drug rehabilitation programs to éduca-
tion and health, faith in Asia is also a harbinger of
hope on the dark streets.

Tue Most Pyjous Devon

The Kuei-jin excel at manipulating religion, es-
pecially the elders with their long experience in
playing on human superstition and. their intimate
knowledge of the hidden world: A temple or cult
makes an excellent way to secure'a hold on'tich Chi
resources, as well as garnering significant other ben-
efits in terms of manpower and mortal wealth:Given
that the Kuei-jin are an accepted part_of Asian
spirituality, imported religions like Islam and Chris-
tianity aside, it isn't all that hard to con mortals into
believing that the Ten Thousand Demons are legiti-
mate interpreters of the mandate of Heaven, the
family ancestors, or any other spiritual authority
chosen to suit the Kuei-jin's purpose at the ‘time.
That eastern religious cults have proven popular in
the West has also not gone unnoticed; a number of
the cults that are expanding theit operations. in
Europe and the American West Coast are actually
Scarlet Screens for various courts. These cults are
subtle fallbacks should the bold endeavor of the
Great Leap Outward fail.

Religion remains one of the few media through
which the mandarins can affect the streets directly
and in a way they fully understand. That. many Run-
ning Monkeys are removed from»their traditional
religions and exhibit little understanding of just how
useful congregations of the faithful'cambe is an extra
benefit. The insidious influence of Kuei-jin has pushed
some religious groups into trades that»they might
otherwise have avoided,.as well as perverting once
harmless spiritual organizations into dangerous cults
deeply involved in immoral activities. Such perver-
sions must be hidden carefully, however.. Careless
elders have discovered that mortal officialdom is be-
coming more aware of such groups, and crackdowns
are making truly criminal activity by religious groups
more difficult.

Religious faith has other drawbacks for the Ten
Thousand Demons; especially when.there are Shih
demon hunters around=to énforce Heaven's bal-
ance. Even normal mortals concerned about their
churches can'be a'problem, thougheldersare'adept
at redirecting such individuals towards.the less
subtle activities of the Running Monkeys. The non-
Asian religions, Islam and Christianity, are more of

Kinng Srreers

a problem because their faithful donot accept the
"legitimacy" of the Kuei-jin's roleunder Heaven. A
Shinto priest-or.Hindu Brahmin may uncover a
Kuei-jin but choose to do nothing about her, so
longas her actions stay.within the acceptable bound-
aries of the Ten Thousand Demons' place in the
heavenly hierarchy. On occasion, the mortal fol-
lowers of some Asian faiths and individual Kuei-jin
or wu even make open alliances.

Crime aND CoLLaAPsE

Withall the problems besetting Asia — the chaos
and confusion, the doubts and fears — it is little
wonder that the streets are awash with crime. From
petty and inconsequential pickpockets and burglars to
dangerous and cruel white slavers and war criminals,
every kind of ne'er-do-well can be found in Asia, and
the spilt blood and human suffering runs deep. Some
struggle against the tide of crime and violence, but
good intentions alone cannot prevail against the ris-
ing human storm created by modernization, poverty,
politics, and misplaced traditions.

No Respect; No Morais, No Controi
Few Kuei-jin indulge in crime for crime's sake
and. fewer still are solely interested in the mortal
wealth such. activity brings. Nor do most take the
time torun a family of beggars or a pickpocket gang
directly or even remotely — the return is simply not
worth the effort. Kuei-jin prefer to deal with crime
only when it brings them power over their rivals or
plentiful Chi. This is one reason for the emphasison
the'sex trade, which keeps large numbers of expend-
able young victims pouring into the cities of Asia.
Yet to-older, more refined Kuei-jin, the notion of
dealing with criminals, who have always been of the
lowest classes and social standing, is intolerable:
They prefer to leave direct involvement with these
commonest of mortals to Running Monkeys,
dhampyrs or disposable human lackeys.
Criminality also brings its fair share of practical
problems to the Kuei-jin. First offis surveillance by
mortal authorities, a potentially serious problem if
certain activities come to the attention of the wrong
people: Dabbling in crime brings the constant threat
of arrest or of being wanted by the police. A Kuei-jin
having to do time would find himself in serious
difficulty. Another potential drawback is the inher-
ent danger and treachery of the criminal under-
world. It almost goes without saying that criminals
are not to be trusted; therefore, the only safe way to
use them is to ensure that your goals match theirs.
When you happen to be one of the living dead, such
a similarity of purpose is unlikely, at least-in an
obvious sense. Mortal criminals want money, Kuei-
jin want power and Chi; making these two separate
goals meet isnot always easy. Subtlety is the key. A


Caapter One: To Live ann Die

Kuei-jin'can ultimately make criminals do anything
she wants as long as the criminals don't associate
what they're doing with anything other than crimi-
nality. For example, a Kuei-jin who needs constant
victims is better off dressing up her feeding as reprisal
attacks against rival criminals or rebellious locals
than simply demanding that people be brought to
her. While the end result is the same, the first
method brings the Kuei-jin respect in the criminal
community; the second only raises questions about
exactly what is going on. The brutality of Asian
criminals means that even the most devil-ridden
Kuei-jin can finda hole to hide in if necessary, but by
the same token even the Kuei-jin must take care to
fit in. Otherwise, the mortal criminals will see them
asa threat and remove them.

Subtlety brings its own problems, however. If
your associates don't realize you're one of the Hungry
Dead, then you're as likely as any human crime boss
tobe betrayed and overthrown by jealous underlings
orgreedy rivals. The problem of untrustworthy allies
and subordinates is becoming more and more of a
problem as social order breaks down on the streets.
Lack of respect, mindless violence and drug addic-
tion are all part of a live-fast-and-die-young nihilism
that makes a Kuei-jin crime lord's job rather nerve-
racking. Naturally, a Kuei-jin is more likely to sur-
vive an assassination attempt and tear her enemies
limb from limb in revenge, but the problem still
exists, especially if court rivals are manipulating the
assassins in question.

‘A few displays of a Kuei-jin's power can work
wonders, making superstitious underlings fearful of
crossing the boss. Of course, such actions raise the risk
that rumors of what the Kuei-jin really is might reach
the ears of alocal Shih. Once upon a time, the role of
crime lord was easier; the penchant for rituals and
spiritualism by organized Asian criminal groups pre-
sented an excellent method of hiding the true source
of a Kuei-jin's power. With modernization and the
skepticism that has accompanied it even in moder-
ately traditional crime groups a display of power now
tends to raise eyebrows. More traditionally minded
groups are also hard for a Running Monkey to infil-
trate; their historical roots and maintenance of the
ancient traditions of address and respect make such
groups favored Scarlet Screens for those elders who
deign to deal with criminals. Asa result, ancestors and
mandarins tend to dominate traditionally minded
organized crime groups, while Running Monkeys fa-
vor those groups that have left the ancient mumbo-
jumbo behind. As the modern gangs are proving more
effective on the streets, the Running Monkeys are
undermining the elders without even trying, leaving
the old guard irate at another weakening of tradi-
tional society.

Tue Sex Trape

Concubinage and indentured servitude have been
a part of most cultures at one time or other, and in
many Asian states have only been illegal within living
memory. Among the poor,-the concept of selling
children is neither alien nor necessarily the horror
that it may appears Large numbers:of children, espe-
cially female children, could bea'terrible burden for a
village if harvests were bad orany number of other
minor disasters struck. In service to a wealthy or noble
family, a child-was assured. of food, perhaps even an
education, and. was certainly more likely to lead-a
comfortable life than in the poor village they came
from. Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese history is rife
with scholars, generals and ministers of humble back-
ground who came through such servitude to power
and prominence.

Modernization and Western-stylelusts turned this
traditional practice into a living hell for tens of thou-
sands of women and increasing numbers of boys and
young men as well. Western-style brothels came to
Asia with colonialism and soon acquired poor peasant
girls as indentured servants. Theirnumbers were never
great; the trade was mostly limited to the major port
cities where there was substantial passing traffic. The
Vietnam War, however, brought a huge number of
rich, young American soldiers to the region; with
their need for test and'recreation in the Philippines
and.Thailand came the birth of the Asian sex trade.

By the end of the war, the Philippines and Thai-
land had become sonotorious for their sex industries
that perverts from all over the world traveled there for
thrills. The big dollars of sex tourism kept the bars and
brothels open; so lucrative was it that the sex trade
expanded intoother countries. Wealth and the devel-
opment of a middle class brought the sex trade —
albeit for local. perverts — to India, Indonesia and
China. In:countries like Malaysia, Korea, Singapore
and Japan, where religion or wealth precluded a readily
available source of poor women, criminal syndicates
began to import girls from Thailand, the Philippines
and Indonesia to-fill the local clubs and ‘brothels.
Eventually this international trade extended to Eu-
rope and the United States as well.

Poverty; greedy disease and deviancy mean that
the sex trade now goes beyond village girls having to
work as strippers and ‘prostitutes. Desperation is al-
ways followed by exploitation, much as night follows
day, and many pimps have abandoned any pretense of
paying the workers. Sex. workers become sex slaves,
and as property their living conditions become worse,
their treatment more callous'and their social status
even lower. To add horror to misery, the traditional
scourges of VD and syphilis have been joined by
AIDS, which has devastated the sex trade and in-
fected tens.of thousands of sex workers. The trade's

36

abused workers lack the power to demand that condoms,
be used; instead, the infected are thrown out onto the
streets by their criminal bosses and replaced by "fresh.
meat". If they are lucky, they die in understaffed and
poorly equipped hospitals.

Where there are no rules, when people are.re-
duced to chattel, there are-no limits to which some
people will not descend. So long'as they have the
money, perverts from all around the world can come
to Asia to pursue the basest, vilest and most twisted of
their imaginings. Pedophilia, torture, snuff, forced
transvestism and bestiality, the most bizarre and.inhu-
man desires of the warped and amoral, find a home in
the back alleys of Calcutta, Jakarta, Manila and
Bangkok. The truly sick hide behind the forced gaiety
and fluorescent glitz of the open sex-trade — open
only in that its most prevalent-abuses, like rape and
drug addiction, are acknowledged -sins.and almost
innocent compared to the horrors in the back rooms.

The Torn Lorus

Kuei-jin love the sex trade, and their interest-has
helped it spread around Asia. Every court sees. the
usefulness of a business that uses mortals like chattel
and has myriad ways of disposing of the bodies. In
many ways, the brothels and strip joints, with their
quiet and desperate back rooms where_all sorts of
debaucheries go on, are the closest thing Cathayans:
have to Kin-jin Elysium. To cause problems for the sex
trade is to be barred from easy feeding in its.brothels
and bars. The courts therefore tend to assign oversight
of the trade to a senior mandarin. While young Kuei*
jin may actually manipulate the tradé via their various
Scarlet Screens, the court elders insist. that nothing
disrupt the peaceful exploitation of the-sex workers
and their customers for Chi. This makes:the sex trade
‘one of the few industries on the»streets.where the
Kuei-jin fight to maintain near-complete domina-
tion, ensuring that éven those brothels orsnuff houses
that they don'tdirectly operate allow. them theac¢ess
they desire and don't do anything tobring mortal
authorities down'on their heads.

Not all brothels are equal, of course. Axcenturies@
old mandarin is just as unlikely to enter a'garish strip
club in Mong Kokas a brash young Running Monkey
is to frequent an ancestral Geisha Housé»in Kanzai.
Nevertheless, every Kuei-jin is likely to find'some-
where suitable to-sate his hunger and carnal desires.
The ranks of sex workers also make'an excellent place
to recruit servants and slaves — afterall, no one
misses them, and some even welcome.the chance to
get out. Even the twisted world of service to the Ten.
Thousand Demons is.often less heinous than the sex
trade. The move of the trade into Europe and North
America has also provided'an excellent avenue for
Kuei-jin influence to enter those regions. The Kin-jin
themselves encourage the sex trade for the'same rea-

Kinng Sreers

sons, not yet realizing that by doing so they are
opening their doors to some of their enemies.

Of course, other shen understand why the Kuei-
jin.are'so involved in the sex trade and support many
of the reforms désigned to crack down on it. Nothing
is more likely to annoy a Cathayan than having his
easy feeding grounds removed by police vice squads
or rezoning of the local red light district. While the
Kuei-jin rarely. balk at fighting with other shen, the
growth of a middle class and religious fundamental-
ismare also undermining the sex trade. These social
changes-oftén. drive the trade underground, where
the vampiric benefits are not so great and the guar-
antee-of éasy'Chi not so certain. The degeneracy of
thesex trade also attracts akuma, who manipulate
matters to sink customers and Kuei-jin alike into
ever greater debauchery.

Given the deaths and abuse suffered by sex work-
ts, a growing number of women trapped within the
industry in life are taking the Second Breath, espe-
cially in Southeast Asia. Fueled by anger at their
mortal abuse and disgusted at the way the urban courts
éxploit the sex trade, these women gravitate toward
fural'€ourts, The"penangallan gain large numbers of
Tecruits in this fashion. Wu made up entirely of former
sex'slaves are becoming the shock troops and spies of
choice in the battles around Southeast Asia's thriving
cities. The problems caused by such fanatics are com-
ing to light only slowly, though many of the more
urban Golden*Courts fear that their rural rivals are
building an army of whores and strippers to sweep
them into the'sea.

Tue Drug Trape

Various.drugsshave been used'in Asia for centu-
ties, from marijuana in some Hindu religious ceremo-
nies to. the opium smoked by peoples as different as
Thai hill tribes and imperial Chinese mandarins.
Only when the British needed a product to trade for
Chinese tea did drug addiction became a widespread
problem and the drug trade a major source of revenue
and_conflict, however. Opium remained an over-
whelmingly Chinese problem until the Communist
take over in 1949. The Chinese Communists' brutal
policy of repression soon all but eradicated drugs as a
major scourge in China, but the trade and those who
made money from it managed to survive offshore.

The Vietnam War brought widespread drug activ-
ity back to Asia, with heroin introduced to disconso-
late American soldiers by criminals in Vietnam and
Thailand eagersto find a new batch"of addicts' to
replacé those they had lost in China. Returning sol-
diers.took-the taste for heroin back to America and
introduced it into the counter-culture of the 1960s,
and.a new drug trade was born that brought seemingly
inexhaustible riches to those who controlled access to
the.opium poppies from which heroin was derived.


Charter Ones To Live ann Dje

Naturally, fierce fighting over who controlled the
Golden Triangle — an area of land encompassing
northern Thailand, Laos and Burma — started almost
immediately, fuelled by drug money, CIA guns and
the inability of any of the countries involved to
successfully suppress the heroin trade.

Eventually, however, Southeast Asia fought back.
Despite the billions brought in by heroin, the vast
corruption the drug trade spawned and the violent
resistance of the drug lords, regional governments
slowly managed to shut the Golden Triangle down.
Heroin was undermining the very existence of many
Southeast Asian nations; their governments responded
with death sentences for anyone caught smuggling,
compulsory and brutal detoxification for addicts, and
(in Thailand) the intervention of the powerful and
influential king. Nowadays, while opium is still grown
in the Golden Triangle, the heroin trade is mostly
gone from Thailand and no longer poses an extreme
threat to national stability.

The drug trade itself did not die out, however; it
merely moved its operations to more hospitable coun-
tries, those whose governments were too corrupt or
ineffective to stop the drug lords. In Burma, Laos and
Afghanistan, drugs remain big business. The drug
lords often possess armies large enough to fight pitched
battles with government troops, a situation that harks
back to the worst days of the Golden Triangle. From
their hidden bases, these barons of the trade'suborn
government officials, fund wars and push their prod-
uct into other Asian countries. Creating markets near
at hand is their way of ensuring their continued
prosperity, despite how little money the Asian mar-
kets bring compared to the United States or Europe.

In-recent years, cheap drugs have flooded into
Asia, targeting the desperate poor as the latest growth
market. As the ranks of the poor, dispossessed and
hopeless swell, the problem grows. Increased addic-
tion leads to increased levels of petty crime and fear,
as well.as greater opportunities for criminals to domi-
nate and corrupt the cities and communities they prey
on. Most of Asia ison this slow road downward, a path
already well trodden by Hong Kong and Japan, a
vicious cycle that leads to dissolution and despair
among the thousands of addicts who end up on the
streets looking for their next hit.

FRragRaNce oF THE RoTHNG Poppy

Given their overwhelming concern with Chi, the
Kuei-jin have no particular interest in the drug trade.
Indeed, many elders within the Quincunx courts ac-
tively dislike the drug industry. They remember China's
humiliation at the hands of the British during the
Opium Wars, and have worked to oppose the drug
lords within their own spheres of influence. Modern
mortal authorities are also incensed by the drug trade
because it chips away at their power and control. Few

37

Cathayans see any point in attracting official scru-
tiny, and so keep their drug connections at arm's
length. That doing so accommodates*many: elders'
innate prejudices is a happy coincidence. Ironically,
these same elders supported the efforts of various
Triads from the late 19th century onwards to sell
opium and later heroin in Europeand North America.
This trade represented an open attack on the West
that has had positive effects in the immortal night —
much of the Great Leap Outward built on inroads
made by the Triads.

SMUGGLING AND PjRacy

With its hundreds of islands and tens of thou-
sands of kilometers of coastline, Asia has a rich
maritime history, especially of fishing and trading.
Since ancient times , governments have taxed trad-
ers, and so every civilization developed some form of
smuggling. In Asia, traditional maritime smuggling
grew enormously after Western colonization. The
Western nations wanted to make money from their
colonies and so taxed anything and everything they
could, often at punishingly high levels. Asian sailors
and traders went about avoiding such taxes with
characteristic ingenuity. Independence did not end
smuggling, but increased it in reaction to the tight
control imposed over national economies by various
socialist and Communist regimes.

Modernization and the development of West-
ern-style capitalist economies hurt the smugglers,
but not much. Guerrilla wars led to the tise of gun
running as a major industry, likewise drug smug-
gling and the smuggling of luxury goods for the new
middle class. Stolen cars, liquor and perfumes keep
smuggling a big business in Asia. Modernization has
also given the smugglers access to the latest tech-
nology, like cigarette boats, global positioning sys-
tems (GPS), and radar and satellite communica-
tions, keeping them well ahead of the poorly
equipped local militaries.

Piracy is smuggling's less accepted counterpart,
ranging from major operations where entire con-
tainer ships go missing in the South China Sea, to
attacks of opportunity by poor fishermen against
yachts and small ships in the Straits of Malacca.
Some pirates, mostly small-time operators who fear
reprisals by survivors or the local government, are
chillingly violent. They often rape female victims
before killing and dismembering them along with
the men. The more professional operators rarely kill
the crews of the cargo ships they capture. To do so
might make successful piracy harder in future, as the
crews rarely resist — after all, they own neither the
ships nor the cargo. Still, the risk of violence on the
high seas has become great enough that individual
ships are warned not to stray from the main shipping
lanes and to maintain close radio contact with mari-

time authorities. The major shipping lines routinely
hire security guards for their vessels.

Way or Secret Warers

The Kuei-jin make extensive use of smugglers)
whose activities often provide the only way to move
mystical artifacts and other possessions, like pet chih-
mei or bakemono, to which. mortal authorities take
exception. Using smugglers isa delicate business,
however, because the smugglers and pirates of Asia
have always been the domain of the Same-Bito
weresharks. To treat these savage shen's followers
with anything but the greatest respect is to invite
savage retaliation. In some regions, particularly south-
ern China and Bangkok, alliances of convenience
have arisen, with the courts in those regions providing
protection to land-based elements of Same-Bito pi-
ratical enterprises in return for Same-Bito agreement
to move large quantities of human cargo for the sex
trade. These arrangements provide something for ev-
eryone, though the elders are careful to leave dealing
with the unpredictable Same-Bito to disciples of no
particular importance.

The movement of artifacts is a highly important
function for which the Kuei-jin rely on smugglers, as
modern mortal governments frown on items of cul-
tural importance leaving their national borders. Any
wu asked by a mandarin to take a gift to a court in
another country, or even to acquire a certain little
something for her, must deal with smugglers. Mod-
ern airports, with automated and impersonal secu-
tity, offer few avenues for a Kuei-jin to use her
disciplines to sneak even the smallest packages past
customs. An even more dubious use for smugglers is
the ransacking of ancient jungle temples, deposits of
jade and even stands of cedar and-teak-trees. Apart
from the valuable materials gained, the damage done
undermines the rural courts, especially those of the
penangallan — a fact not lost on the urban Golden
Courts that encourage smugglers of illegal artifacts,
lumber and precious stones.

PEOPLE SMUGGLING

Asia has undergone several major population dis-
placements since the end of colonialism, each with its
own subtle effects. Under the duress of modernization
and poverty, many Asians find it an easy step from the
tradition of indentured servitude to hiring out as
foreign workers far from home. Whether in the oil
fields of the Middle East or the prosperous homes of
Singapore, Hong Kong and Europe, hundreds of thou-
sands of Bangladeshis, Indians, Filipinos and Indone-
sians have left home over the years to earn money to
send back to their families. While many are horribly
exploited (especially young women working as maids),
the money is good and for the most part their families
see significant benefit from the sacrifices made-by

Kaine Streets

those who work abroad. Indeed, income from foreign
workers is the. Philippines' third-largest source. of
export income.

In the decades following the fall.of South Viet-
namvand the collapse of Cambodia into bloody chaos,
millions of people, many ethnic Chinese, took to
boats and fled re-education and genocide. This first
great wave of refugees saw hundreds of thousands
living in barely sanitary camps throughout Asia and.
thousands more resettled in the West. Groups promptly
developed to prey on these desperate political refu-
gees, from the pirates of the South China Sea who
pillaged their overloaded boats, to the smugglers who
turned a quick profit by moving people for money.

By the 1990s, times had changed and the flow of
refugees dwindled. But with poverty remaining en-
demic in many Asian countries and the lure of the
West's great wealth becoming stronger, a new form
of refugee came to replace those fleeing political
repression — the economic refugee, often better
known as an illegal migrant. From all parts of Asia,
poor people seeking a shortcut to a better life set
theirsights on America, Europe and Australia. Soon
the smugglers who had preyed on political refugees
came to recognize the desires of these desperate
people as a gold mine..

For your money or your life, the people smugglers
(sometimes called snake-heads) will take you from
China or Iraq to America or Australia. Of course, first
you need to survive the hardships and neglect im-
posed by the smugglers and then avoid detection and
repatriation by the local customs and Coast Guard.
Smugglers charge extortionate fees for the trip, as
muchas $25,000 dollars for a one way ticket to
America; families work for years to send just one
member abroad, hoping that in the promised land of
freedom and wealth this favored son will make good
and benefit them all. For those who can't afford such
extravagance, the smugglers have another offer: a
one-way ticket and then a job where the smuggled
person can work off the cost of her trip (at daily
compounded interest and slave labor rates, if she gets
paidatall). All too many women find out the hard way
that the smugglers are turning a little extra profit by
selling them into the sex trade; their dreams of free-
dom shrivel into the dank, abusive nightmare of
enslavement in a foreign brothel.

Before they get to the brothels or sweatshops,
illegal migrants must survive the journey. Some
travel by sea, two dozen or more to a shipping con-
tainer for weeks at a time, with little food or water.
Others are carried in trucks through the heart of a
Siberian winter or a burning Kazhak summer. Many
suffer casual beatings and abuse at the hands of the
very people they paid to smuggle them. All are just as
likely to die on their journey as they are to be caught
at their destination. Indeed, the few horror stories

Guprer One: To Live anp Die

that find their way onto the nightly news represent
only asmall percentage of those migrants who don't
make it. Whole ships sink, taking dozens to the bot-
tom; entire families starve to death as their containers
sit unattended in a customs yard; groups of human
goods suffocate in dark, cramped trucks, clawing at
the locked doors with their last breath.

Part of THORNS AND TatrerRED Biossoms

With their focus on maintaining control of Chi,
the Kuei-jin generally do not favor assisting people
leaving Asia for any reason. This is especially true of
those in the slums and refugee camps who are such
easy prey. Yet the poor are so numerous and the people
smugglers can take so few that only the truly domi-
neering Cathayan bothers resisting their activities in
her hunting grounds. As people smuggling makes use
of Asia's existing smuggling network, the courts are
also loath to create problems with criminal organiza-
tions that they otherwise use extensively.

In the last few years, Chinese Kuei-jin have also
used existing people-smuggling networks to help fur-
ther their invasion of the West Coast of the Americas.
The Great Leap Outward has brought of Cathayans.to
the West, a migration the established networks made
simple. In fact, those jina who protected the smug-
gling networks now reap immense profits as troop
carriers in the great shadow war.

Etunjc anp Reijgjous StTRFE

Astep above crime, but not quite war, civil disor-
der simmers just beneath the surface of many Asian
countries, roaring to life at times of crisis. People like
to have a reason to tear up the town, and religion and
ethnicity usually provide enough justification to pil-
lage; murder and burn out the neighbors. Though such
hatreds normally arise of their own accord, criminal
and political. groups have grown adept at exploiting
them, whether for the raw profit of looting or to
undermine political opponents and provide a conve-
nient'excuse for a'military crackdown.

Whether Muslim versus Hindu, Christian versus
Muslim, Chinese versus Malay, or any other ofadozen
ormore combinations, the results are the same: bloody
riots, inhuman atrocities, burnt homes and businesses,
chanting mobs and a gripping fear that pervades mi-
nority communities like a disease. Most people don't
take this sort of abuse lying down, of course, and
invariably self-protection groups and secret societies
spring up to defend the helpless or just to add to the
bloodshed. Such groups tend to be self—sustaining,
often turning to crime in times of peace. The most
famous example is the White Lotus Society, the fore?
runner of the Triads.

Such murderous tension and fear makes for ner-
vous people, so that even innocent fires can lead to
violence. Mob violence is one of the few things that

39

can empty the streets, as'even the most hardened
criminal will think twice before taking on'a furious
mass out for slaughter. In past times, places of worship
or traditional leaders could have called a halt to the
violence or at least providedirefuge, but nomore. The
forces of modernization, which have added so much to
the underlying resentment and*turmoil-in so many
communities, have also'undermined the structures
that once kept antagonistic feelings in check. So
when the fires start and the mob howls, far too few try
to prevent the streets.running red:

Times oF Bioop anp Fjre

When riots erupt, Kuei-jin can play out theirrage
without restraint and feed as they will. Such times are
both electrifying and-terrifying. The risk of Final
Death is much greater when all normal controls.and
limitations fail, and-mobs have an unfortunate pro-
pensity to play with fire. Kuei-jin sometimes deliber-
ately start the violence, however, manipulating the
simmering tensions to start a riot that will cover some
audacious attack. Such actions tend to occur when
two courts are at war or a court is in chaos, since the
ancestors generally frown on.actions with the poten-
tial to extinguish even the most potent vampire.

Givensthe level of tension in some communities
split by racial or political differences, the Kuei-jin
sometimes have to work hard to prevent their mere
presence from starting riots..A. bloody body found at
the wrong time or an ill-timed attack on a rival can
easily bring the mob onto the streets. .Of course,
explaining to a mandarin why you couldn't carry out
his orders is sometimes more dangerous than risking
blood in the gutters. In more religious and traditional
communities, the Kuei-jin themselves can become
the target of the mobs. In India, Indonesia and Malay-
sia, more than one shen or Shih has manipulated the
faith of fundamentalist. Muslims into a burning fury
about the devils living in their midst.

Whether they are-targets, motivators or merely
observers, Kuei-jin are quick to'take advantage of
the chaos: Powerful mandarins have been known to
simply disappear during such mortal violence, leav-
ing their enemies in a good position and without
blood on their hands. Even ancestors have failed to
last through'a time of blood and fire, which can last
weeks if the mortals become especially riotous. The
paranoia that goes with. this danger often motivates
further violence — everyone believes that if they
don't strike, their enemies will: The opportunity is
also too much for some Kuei-jin to resist. Rioting
allows them to avenge slights too. small to justify a
twilight war, or made by a vampire too powerful to
openly oppose. Particularly annoying wu and Run-
ning Monkeys with. powerful patrons are popular
targets, something of which all young Kuei-jin are
painfully-aware.. Many vampires hide during the

fighting, hoping to pick up whatever pieces they can,
of their Scarlet Screens after it all calms.down,

CorrRUPTJON

What's right and what's wrong when you're acivil
servant, policeman or soldier and you. don't earn
enough to feed your family? Is it wrong.to take crisp
US dollars from a respectable businessman as payment
for not investigating too closely the ageof the girls in
the club he runs if the money feeds-your family for
another month? Is it wrong to demand-money from
those who come to you to request government services
if the government is insisting on paying you imrice? Is.
it wrong to look the other way at the opium being
smuggled through the local port if the man in charge
is your boss? These are not abstract questions — these
are the moral dilemmas of Asia's streets, the questions
that mean the difference between starving as an hon-
est man and being a tarnished survivor.

In some exceptional cases, corruption reaches
grotesque scales, with generals and politicians be-
coming billionaires. The most obvious cases are
China's Communist Party bosses and two former
presidents in other countries: Marcos in'the Phil-
ippines and Suharto. in Indonesia. Every "dollar
these leaders take is money that the average per-
son doesn't see, and in a poor country.a billion US
dollars is wealth so-unimaginable.that heaven
itself seems more real. The-elite may have their

glittering clubs surrounded by barbed-wire fences,
solid gold-plumbing in the bathroom, rooms full of
shoes and clothes, and villas in the south of France,
but among the millions of Asia they represent a
tiny.lightof wealth against a dark sea of poverty
only-deepéned. by their corruption. Under such
tulers the whole system of government and busi-
ness becomes compromised; every deal needs a
Kickback, every job requires you to know the right
person, and every law becomes negotiable.

On'the streets, therefore, the difference between
criminal and official is often dubious at best. In fact,
groups defined as criminal are often nothing more
than the enemies» of the ruling regime, whether a
Chinese meditation society banned because it es-
pouses self-reliance outside state control or a union in
Indonesia arguing for better pay and greater rights for
workers at a huge multinational sporting goods com-
pany: Not all supposed criminals want your money,
just as notall "servants of the people" want what's best
for you. As a result, most people seek to avoid dealing
with the government at all if they can. Instead, they
build informal networks that they can rely on or they
make deals with local strongmen to protect them the
way that the police should. Thus organized crime,
secret societies, powerful political parties and the
wealthy become the dominant forces on the streets,
interceding with a corrupt state for their various
paying constituents.

Gurren Ones To Live anp Die
BaxsHeesh FOR EVERYONE

Many Kuei-jin have massive monetary wealth, as
well as access to resources unavailable to mortals, and
are therefore in a unique position to buy whatever
they want from corrupt government officials. Even
honest officials are not immune to persuasion by some
Kuei-jin Disciplines; more ordinary blackmail is an-
other avenue at which a clever Cathayan can easily
excel. While Running Monkeys and Bamboo Princes
twist and maneuver on the streets, taking their con-
trol of local councilors and policemen for granted,
their elders play a more subtle game. Why bribe'a
policeman when you can manipulate-a police chief or
security minister? If a Bamboo Prince is causing you
problems, merely arrange for some of her-most loyal
retainers to be transferred or for the locale of her
haven to suddenly be rezoned for urban renewal. In
the Byzantine world of high-level corruption, the
ancestors have the Bamboo Princes checkmated, and
they regularly remind their inferiors of that fact
through bureaucratic face slaps that are meant to keep
Running Monkeys in their place!

While some younger Kuei-jin subtly support ac-
tivists trying to thwart. official corruption, others
accept the elders' role and make use'of it.to coverup
indiscretions when necessary. As part of the game,
some elders deliberately try to force such occasions to
put disciples in their debt. Doing this helps keep. the
Running Moneys honest becausé they don't want to.
give the ancestors and mandartins any help.that they
don't have to. Of course, corrupt officialsare hardly
trustworthy, but few Kuei-jin deal with them directly,
anyway. Instead, they use Scarlet Screens (like corpo-
tations or secret societies) to make their interests
seem part of day-to-day corruption, This tactic also
makes the Bamboo Princes' job harder; forcing them
todetermine which of a corrupt official's decisionsare
directed by anvelder and which by thé official's purse.

Tarrocep Devjis

For all Asia's diversity, organized crime through-
out the region is almost entirely split between three
groups; local governments and revolutionary organi-
zations, Triads controlled by ethnic Chinese, and
the Japanese Yakuza, though the latteriis less influ-
ential than the former. This is not.to»say.that all
crime isrun by corrupt officials and Triads — indeed,
at the basic level of the street gang; crime is always
localized — but who those gangs report to is‘another
matter altogether:

Many apparently local crime groups are actually
offshoots of the Triads, in structure if not in-lineage:
The ethnic Malay criminals of Indonesia called the
Gali ("savage class") are a primé example.Like'the
Triads, they use tattoos and complex mystical rites as
asign of membership; often, the only difference is

a

the translation of Chinese rank names into Javanese
or Balinese. These similarities can be traced to the
strong influence of Chinese immigrants on urban life
in Southeast Asia, as well as the money and fire-
power with which the Triads have expanded their
influence. So even when not. specifically dealing
with Triads, you-often.might as well be when you
consider the similarities.

This sameness benefits'a Storyteller. By taking
the information presented below about the Triads and
the Yakuza-and simply altering the names and places,
a Storyteller. can'come. up with a Malaysian or Korean,
gang without having to become an expert on local
communities. This overview is not entirely accurate,
and we encourage a Storyteller interested in setting a
game permanently in Southeast Asia to do further
research; however, additional materials are not com-
monand often consist of highly academic criminology
texts. For most games, an atlas, a dictionary of Malay
or Thai names, and the ideas presented in this chapter
areall you need to create a convincing non-Chinese
or Japanese gang.

Or Rajas anp Basus
The one region is Asia where the Triads have
not had serious influence is the Indian subconti- 4
nent. Here, the local ethnic criminal groups and
‘arelatively effective police and court system have
kept crime in local hands. Forms of crime in India,
like many of that nation's institutions, are highly
Westernized, but divided by caste, ethnicity, and
religion. Thus you have the Bombay Mafia, Arab
and Muslim; the Madras Mafia, Tamil and Hindu;
the Calcutta Mafia, Bengali and Hindu; and so
‘on. The heads of these crime organizations are
called "dons" after the American Mafia and for
the most part exhibit exactly the same traits and
structures, but with communalism adding to the
violence and hatred.

The Triaps

In every significant Chinese community world-
wide, there is at least one Triad living off the
people through protectiomrackets, graft, gambling,
prostitution and drugs,-as well as more legitimate
control of the labor markets and service indus-
triés..tIn this, the Triads are not very much differ-
ent from any other ethnic organized crime group,
‘one reason why they have managed to make deals
so easily with the Mafia in the United States. The
big difference is historical and cultural. Just as the
Mafia represents southern Italian culture through
the prism of criminality, so do the Triads represent
Cantonese culture, although tied to even more
specific historical events.

42

Trjap History

The Communist take over of Hong Kong in 1997,
which had been the Triad capital since 1949, prompted
many Triads to move overseas and brought them to
the close attention of the West for the first time, but
the Triads go back centuries. Their historical roots lie
within that most popular of Chinese political groups,
the secret society. The Triads sprang from the secret
societies founded to resist the Mongols in the 10th
and 11th centuries. One society, the White Lotus,
became-a major power behind the Ming dynasty and
pervasive throughout Ming society.

When theManchus overthrew. the last corrupt
and incompetent Ming emperor in the 17th century,
the White Lotus started a resistance movement. This
new movement became known as the Triad Society.
Three is a mystical numberin Chinese numerology,
representing Heaven, Earth and man, and thus was an
expression of existence as a whole. The Triad Society
never managed to overthrow the Manchus, but it did
survive, growing ever more powerful; fractured and
widespread. The various modern Triad societies' strong
mystical tradition goes back, at least according to
legend, to the destruction. of the Shao Lin Temple in
the mid-18th century. Oppressed by the Manchus as a
threat to the security of their dynasty, the'surviving
Shao Lin Monks supposedly joined the original Triad
Society, bringing with them their mysticaland spiri-
tual beliefs. The veracity of this storyis uncertain, but
whatever the truth, the'legend itself lent a great deal
of spiritual and political credibility, tothe Triad Soci-
ety. With its increased power, the Societyexpanded
from southern China, becoming well-established in
Peking by the mid-19th century.and' spawning sub-
groups in almost every overseas. Chinese community.

Time took its toll on the Triad Society, however.
Though its-political emphasis'temained, many sub-
groups had turned.to crime to fund their operations.
Prostitution, gambling, opium dealing and extortion
were favorite money-makers. At the same time, many
sub-groups had developed into what.amounted to
neighborhood organizations, protecting the locals from
corrupt officials and:providing local men witha place
to drink and.smoke-— a mix of neighborhood watch
andthe Masonic Lodge. They gained great power by.
becoming closely intertwined with everyday life, so
much so that during China's Taiping Rebellion in the
mid-19th century, they could:field armies and con-
quer cities.. Around this same.time, it, became com-
mon to refer.to'the myriad sub-groups of the Triad
Society as "the Triads."

Despite their growing.criminal focus, the Triads
remained committed to the overthrow of the Manchus
and various sub-groups continued-their involvement
inanti7Manchu movements. These included the Boxer
Rebellionand the Republican movement that even-

Kiuing Steers

tually overthrew the Manchu dynasty in 1912. Triad
influence in recent Chinese history cannot be overes-
timated. Sun Yat Sen, the father of modern China
and_ first president of the Chinese. Republic,, was. a
member of a number of Triads, including one exclu-
sively based in Chicago and Honolulu, the Kwok On
Wui Society. However, the Triads he belonged to had
remained purely political.

The Triads became increasingly powerful and in-
fluential under the Chinese Republic, especially once
the Kuomintang (Nationalist Party) established its
dictatorial rule. Without a foreign oppressor to resist
and as corruption pervaded the Kuomintang, the ma-
jority of Triads became organized crime syndicates
dedicated to supporting the nationalist officials who
allowed them to pursue their drug dealing, gun run-
ning, extortion, white slaving, prostitution, gambling
and moneylending uninhibited. Not all Triads turned
to crime , not even the vast majority, but enough did
to taint the Triad name forever as referring to criminal
syndicates rather than social organizations.

Given the close ties between the corrupt Triads
and the nationalists, it is not surprising that the
Communists made membership in a Triad a treason-
ous offense when they took over China in 1949. They
even suppressed the peaceful and social Triads, afraid
they would become a focus for resistance. This repres-
sion effectively ended the non-criminal tradition of
the Triad Society, except within a few overseas com-
munities. The criminal Triads didn't die so easily,
however, but fled to Taiwan, Macao and Hong Kong.
There, they mixed with the local Triads ina turbulent
and violent marriage that kept them occupied for
almost a decade. With China's vast cities denied
them, the newly arrived Triads turned their former
activities to other cities, especially those elsewhere in
Asia and on the West Coast of the USA.

The biggest boon for the Triads was CIA‘ support
for various Kuomintang military. officers who had
retreated into Laos, Thailand and Burma to escape the
Communists. The CIA supplied these officers with
large quantities of arms so that they could pursue the
fight against Communism. Many of these officers
were not merely corrupt but also active members of
Triads, and they soon turned their forces toward
controlling the production of opium within the Golden
Triangle. CIA weapons gave the Triads control over
heroin production for the first time and allowed them
to expand it enormously. By the mid-1960s, the Tri-
ads had completely recovered from their losses when
they were driven out of China, controlling the heroin
trade and using the vast sums it brought them to take
a major interest in virtually every major criminal
activity in Asia.

Today, the Triads retain this dominant posi-
tion; even the reintegration of Hong Kong into
China has not fazed them. Most Triads, including

Cuapter Ones To Live ann Die

the big ones like the 14K Society, Shui Fong, Wo
Shing Wo, Wo On Lok and Sun Yee Ong, already
had their major operations offshore. Many promi-
nent Triad members emigrated to Canada, America,
Australia and the United Kingdom, but the most
effective survival technique was improving con-
tacts with corrupt Communist officials.

SrrucrurE OF & Trjap Longe

A strict hierarchy governs Triads, with members
swearing complex oaths of loyalty and secrecy. A.
Triad is headed by a shan chu, whois assisted by a fu
shan chu. The heung chu and sin fung oversee the
Triad's mystical ceremonies and ensure the loyalty of
members, as well as being responsible for disciplin-
ing anyone who gets. out of line. Beneath, these
central officials are various departmentsor branches,
each of which coversa specific activity or geographic
area. Headed by. a chu chi and a fu chu chi, these
departments can be involved with criminal or com-
munal activities to ensure the Triad's support in its
local area. Many of the traditional posts within a
Triad, especially the spiritual and ceremonial ones,
are slowly losing favor as the societies modernize and
discard the more mystical rituals.

Below the leadership are four ranks. Hung kwan
are the Triad's heavy hitters and street thugs, and
many of thesé are also chu chi running street crime: Pak.
tsz sin are the business and money men, these days
tunning the money-laundering and drug labs; they
report directly to the heung chu. Cho hai act as organiz-
ers and_as the Triad leaders' eyes.and-ears.on the
streets, ensuring that everyone is doing as they should
and paying the Triads what they ought to. At the very.
bottom, the sze kaw are the foot soldiers of the Triad;
they do.as. they're told and carry out any number of
ctimes, from drug smuggling to armed robbery.

Joining a Triad requires a generous donation to its
coffers and sponsorship by an existing member. The
process can be time-consuming and requires a poten-
tial member to prove his loyalty to the Triad time and
time again, committing crimes as demanded with the
slightest 'slip meaning death. These joining rituals are
some of the few. not simplified with modernization.
Indeed, many have become more complicated through
computerized background checks and other modern
additions aimed at weeding out undercover police:
Once deemed ready to take the final step, the new.
recruit is taught one of the many secret handshakes:
that his Triad uses to identify. its members and is
ordered toturnup ata secret Triad lodge for initiation
—or perhaps tobe killed. Until the last moment, the
initiate can't be sure which fate will be his.

Traditionally, Triads have a lodge, a building
where they meet and perform their ceremonies. With
the development of modern criminal investigation.
procedures, however, lodges have made it too easy for

43

the police to track the Triad's members. Every Triad
still maintains a central ceremonial space, which they
move every six months or so —usually a neutral site
like an empty warehouse or apartment. Some of the
biggest Triads still maintain lodges that are veritable
palaces; these facilities tend to be used by the senior
level in a Triad, which-has no direct connection to
criminal activity and which has returned to its former
function as a semi-secret social order.

As the Triad Society fragmented into the diverse
Triads of today, so the expansion since the Second
World War has seen those Triads grow large enough
to become more. like syndicates of related' crime
gangs than'single entities. The 14K Society in Hong
Kong is the largest Triad in existence, with an esti-
mated 33,000. members. Without a structure rivaling
a major corporation, no organization so large could
be centrally run. Like their secret-society ancestor,
the Triads manage by letting each lodge go about its
work independently. Whenever a gang boss gets big
enough, she may split off from her existing lodge and
set herself up in a'separate territory. In return, the
new lodge pays tribute to the lodge above it, forming
a chain of obligation that extends all the way to the
one lodge that represents the entire Triad. Failure to
pay leads to.war, which-once saw the rebel lodge or
lodges.cither exterminated or able.to form a new
Triad-of their own. Establishing a new Triad is
relatively unusual today, but fighting wars to absorb
a lodgé above your own is not. The more senior you
are, the more lucrative operations you can run, and
you also benefit from the constant flow of money
from tributary lodges below you.

With this flexible structure, the Triads are per-
haps the most responsive and aggressive of organized
criminals: Low-level lodges especially are always seek-
ing to push the boundaries of their control. It is also
common for powerful Triad officers to head off on
their own, perhaps with the blessing of their elders, to
found. completely new lodges in virgin territory, ei-
ther by starting new operations or allying with an
existing local crime gang. This unrestrained growth
can lead to. major gang wars and clashes with police,
but it also fueled the huge inroads the Triads have
made in North'America and Europe, as young Chi-
nese gangsters emigrate to seek their fortunes away
from the powerful lodges that control most of Asia.

Trjap Rjruais

Triad ceremonies are"long ‘and complex, some
lasting up to eight hours, and involve numerous ritu-
als‘and oaths drawn from a whole range of sources.
While the basis of Triad mysticism comes from Bud-
dhism and Taoism, elements from Christianity, Islam,
and increasingly Hollywood and Hong Kong cinema
are also thrown into the mix. Traditionally, a Triad
performed: a raft.of rituals for nearly every major


decision, from alliances to the imprisonment of promi-
nent members. The modern world has left little space
for this extreme devotion to ritual, both through lack
of interest among younger members and the fact that
such ceremonies are a beacon to police investigators.
Most Triad rituals are slowly declining, at least among
the actively criminal Triads.

Each Triad has its own rituals, hidden with the
same dedication. as all Triad secrets. The rituals are
the one connecting element between junior and
senior lodges (tribute payments aside), and as such
are taken seriously even though the rituals them-
selves are falling into everyday disuse. The rituals
most likely to be practiced in full are those in the
initiationceremony. Modernization has not changed
the importance of binding a new member to the
secrecy of the lodge, nor the intimidation value of
acts like biting the heads off live chickens and writ-
ing documents in blood.

KUE}=jjN AND THE TRjADS

Obvious similarities exist between the Triads and
the courts of the Quincunx, with their secret rites,
hierarchical rankings and layer upon layer of decep-
tion and tradition. This similarity rests on a shared
background in the murky and conspiratorial world of
traditional Chinese court politics. The long involye-
ment of Kuei-jin in the Triads, all the way back to the
White Lotus Society, has helped strengthen the simi-
larities and helps to explain why the Triads have held
so strongly to their traditions in the face of massive
social change. The Triads are the ultimate insider's
weapon among the Kuei-jin — no Running Monkey
can compete with elders who have probably been
involved with a Triad or two for centuries.

While they often maintain some links to less
senior lodges, for the most part the ancestors and
mandarins don't bother with such riffraff. It is much
easier to control a senior Triad lodge whose money is
tribute and' thus predictable, and simply have the
lower lodges take care of whatever legwork a manda-
tin needs done as a favor to their betters. Many
Running Monkeys have not yet worked out the subtle-
ties of this tactic; they mistakenly believe that by
taking the junior lodges they are robbing the elders of
their tools. Because of the beliefs of their mortal
allies, Running'Monkeys who control lesser lodges
cannot refuse service to the senior lodges; to do so
would mean losing face before the lower-level Triad
members and invite retribution from other junior
lodges seeking to gain face: In the end, the Bamboo
Princes frequently find that their operations still work
for the elders despite their best intentions.

On the streets, however; the Bamboo Princes are
disquieting theelders. Their knowledge of the mod-
ern world allows them to undermine the traditional
Triads where it. counts most, in, the alleys and gutters

King Srreers

of Asia's big cities. They tend to takeastraightforward
approach to weakening the traditional Triads. First,
locate a scam being run by your target, preferably
something nasty like child prostitution or white sla-
very. Then give the story to the press and help beat up
the target via public opinion. As the police crack
down, move against the target's commercial assets
with lawyers and accountants. Finally, let your own
red poles loose on what few members escape the police
raids. Though ambitious humans' first. devised. this
tactic, it has proved very successful for many a Bam-
boo Prince, with Triad and Kuei-jin elders alike un-
derestimating how much their sway over senior public
officials would bend under public pressure. If all else
fails, brutal frontal assaults are always an option
bloody one, however, because no Triad has ever been
loath to fight it out.

Yaxuza

Though far more insular and smaller in number
than the Triads, the Japanese Yakuza is almost as
powerful, mainly because of the wealth and power it
has accumulated in Japan. Wherever Japan's ever-
expanding corporate empire has gone in Asia, the
Yakuza has followed — not bad for an organization
which for most of its three centuries of existence was
nothing more than a collection of criminal guilds
representing gamblers and small-time traders. In
fact, the term "Yakuza" comes from the Japanese
version of blackjack, called oicho-kabu. In the game,
the worst hand includes an eight (ya), a nine (ku)
and a three (sa). An accurate translation of Yakuza
is therefore often said to be "useless hand", or more
simply, "no good."

ai

Yaxuza History

The history of the Yakuza dates back to the mid-
18th century, to two specific groups within the strict
social constraints of the Tokugawa Shogunate: the
Bakuto (itinerant gamblers) and the Tekiya (street
peddlers). Both groups came from. the same social
class, the landless poor, and were regarded as delin-
quents and misfits. Each group was divided along
geographic lines, with gangs running the gambling or
markets within a specific area and avoiding any con-
flicts that might have brought the Tokugawa authori-
ties down on them.

Eventually, as the authority of the Tokugawa
Shogunate decayed, the various gangs started forming
organizations, using the formal Japanese noble family
structure (gumi) asa model, probably because the gumi
was the dominant political structure under the
Shogunate. These gangs became quite powerful, con-
trolling entire districts and dictating terms to the
weakening Tokugawa officials, local nobles and mer-
chants. In an early sign of their political acumen,
some of the most powerful Yakuza bosses sided with

Cnapren Ont: To Live ann Dir

the Meiji Restoration and were richly rewarded for
their efforts, taking the Yakuza into the mainstreamof,
Japanese society.

The Yakuza modernized along with Japan, taking
control of construction labor, the rickshaw industry
and the docks, though gambling always remained
central to its identity and profitability. Modernization's
Western-style police force and the relative honesty of
the Meiji regime forced the Yakuza's illegal activities
further underground, however. This léd:to setting up
legitimate businesses to hide illegal activity on the
one hand and paying off the local police on the other.
Yakuza involvement in politics, which began during.
the turmoil of the Meiji Restoration, continued: The
Yakuza brought officials under control with bribery,
and blackmail, initially to protect their illegaliactivi-
ties from official interference — but their interest
soon took another turn.

The Yakuza became closely intertwined with the
tise of Japanese ultra-nationalism, creating insepa-
rable links between organized crime and politics.
These ties helped the ultra-nationalists. take control
of Japan and ultimately plunge it into the-Second
World War. The reason for the evolution»of such
political-criminal groups as the notorious Genyosha
(Dark Ocean Society), which staged the murder of the
Queen of Korea to createa pretext for Japanése.occu-
pation of the peninsula in 1895, was the leftist threat
to Yakuza power. By trying to-eliminate. corruption
from the labor markets and public life im general, as
well as promoting resistance among the urban'poor to
Yakuza depredations, the leftists were. marked.as'en-
emies. Yakuza bosses found the right-wing political
parties happy to pay for their services. Another reason'
for the coming together. of the Yakuza-and*ultra-
nationalists was the fact that that both recruited from
the same pool of unemployed young toughs.

The 1920s and 1930s were-boom years for the
Yakuza, as their political allies protected and en-
couraged them. During this period, many. of the
major Yakuza gwmi still. known~today, like the
Yamaguchi-gumi, were established.and became en-
trenched in both the black-market economy and
legitimate business. As Japan's overseas empire ex-
panded, so did that of the Yakuza. They moved into
Japan's new colonies and: set up operations among
migrant Japanese communities in North.and South
America. The first Yakuza-crimes in the United
States, discovered as early as 1930, involved drug
running, but this burgeoning problem was snuffed
out along with many other Yakuza activities by the
start of World War Two.

Though perfectly willing to use them; the Japa-
nese ultra-nationalist leaders despised the Yakuza
for manifold reasons, from class to.race, Caste and
ideology. Once the Second World' War catapulted
the ultra-nationalists into total control, the Yakuza

suddenly found that their erstwhile allies didn't
need them. In fact, the nationalists turned on
them— many Yakuza members ended up in jail or
conscripted to fight in the Emperor's armies. The
war also finished the Yakuza's original American
envoys, as internment and then illegal deportation
back to Japan ended.their influence. These set-
backs, however, did not significantly damage the
underlying strength of the Yakuza as a whole. The
organization thrived on the black market and came
out.of the-war leaner.and more focused than ever.

After the war; the Yakuza gained a powerful spon-
sorin the CIA, which.ordered senior oyabun (Yakuza
chiefs) released from. jail to use their influence to
combat the pro-Communist union movement. This
action helped. the Yakuza regain their former politi-
cal and-corporate influence, which they retain to this
day. despite half-hearted crackdowns in 1964 and
1995. Contacts with foreign groups, especially the
Corsican Mafia and the Triads who shared the Yakuza's
CIA patronage, led to involvement in the interna-
tional drug trade and the burgeoning sex trade, with
the Yakuza becoming influential in the Philippines in
the same way the Triads were in Thailand.

In-the-new democratic and corporate environ-
ment, two new groups became prominent within the
Yakuza,.the.gurentai (street thug)and the sokaiya
(corporate tacketeer). The former had always been
around, but the need for increased manpower meant
that many.common street criminals whom the Yakuza
once would have shunned now became recruits. The
sokaiya represented an entirely new form of criminal,
created by the huge Japanese multinationals (called
zaibatsu) that had no desire to respond to their share-
holders. The. sokaiya specialized in insulating the
zaibatsu from their shareholders and later became
leeches within the economic system, extorting money
from the whole range of big business.

The wealth and opportunities of the 1960s out-
stripped»the-ability of the traditional Yakuza gumi
structure to handle the diversity and size required in
the new environment. As a result, syndicates of gumi
formed, often through violent gang wars that did
much to finally end the traditional relationship be-
tween locals and their neighborhood Yakuza clan. No
more immune than anyone else to the huge impact of
American. culture on Japan;-many Yakuza members
adopted ‘the Hollywood depiction of gangsters, with
theirdark suits, sunglasses'and big cars. The Yakuza
could'flaunt their status despite rising public resent-
ment only because of the overwhelming corruption of
Japanese politics.

Modernization has slowly. eaten away at Yakuza
traditions, as increased violence and drug dealing com-
bined with a failure to maintain their local roots even-
tually forced action against them. The deep economic
recession of the 1990s limited the Yakuza's ability to


simply buy its way. out of any situation, while Yakuza
involvement in international crime, especially in Ha-
waii, put significant pressure on overseas operations. It
remains to be seen how long the Yakuza's traditional
structures can hold together; when they finally crumble,
what remains will be purely criminal corporate entities
more akin to a Western corporation than a Japanese
family. Such organizations.aré likely to be even more
influential (and even more dangerous) than before.

¥axuza ORGANIZATION

At the top of any Yakuza gumi is an oyabun (fa-
ther), who doles out advice, protection and help.
Below him are the kobun (children), who offer loyalty
and services to their father in return-for his protec-
tion. The Yakuza's expansion has complicated this
traditional structure, so much so that along with the
other effects of modernization, the gumi is losing the
fanatical loyalty it once enjoyed among many of the
kobun. Though, kobun loyalty in general remains
strong, it is increasingly rare for a Yakuza member to
voluntarily lay down his life for his oyabun or perform
other similarly selfless acts.

Beneath the oyabun is his chief adviser known as
the'saiko-komon, who runs an organization of lawyers,
accountants, secretaries and financial advisers. A saiko-
komon will often have his own gangs within the gumi,
doing the hustling he needs to maintain the family's
business interests. Next is the waka-gashira, second
only to the oyabun im respect within the gumi. This
official acts as his enforcer and day-to-day manager on
the streets.

In an interesting facet of the gumi-structure, an
oyabun can also be a kobun, owing loyalty to another
oyabun. In this way agumi can grow into-an extended
family. Such kobun are known as-kyodai-(brothers).
Out of respect for their more powerful influence, they
report to a different lieutenant, the shatei-gashira. This
structure can repeat itself many times over and has
many extensions and. revisions, thus allowing ex-
tended families like the Yamaguchi-gumi to have over
10,000. members.

Not all Yakuza have combined into super-gumi;
some have instead formed alliances or federations.
Powerful groups like the Nippon Kokusui-kai,
Sumiyoshi-rengoand Inagawa-kai have a flatter struc-
ture, with fewer sub-families, and they decide mat-
ters-with more consensus.Allied gumi tend to be
notably more modern. in their outlooks and have
done better in various gang wars since the 1960s. In
general, the allied gumi tend to have internal struc-
tures not unlike a zaibatsu, with a. controlling board
and-various departments. In.an-amusing take on a
modern Japanese tradition, Yakuza often carry busi-
néss cards with their gumi emblem, name and rank.
As police pressure on them grows, it remains to be
seen. if this practice will continue.

‘as

Leno

King Steers

JGR RSERERREE


Caapter Ones To Live ano Die

The gumi structure works so well mainly because
it recruits from the losers within Japan's highly struc-
tured and unforgiving society. Among this collection
of high school dropouts and misfits are also many
representatives of Japan's long-despised Korean and
Chinese minorities, as well descendants of the
burakumin, Japan's former untouchable class. One of
the largest areas for recruits is the bosozoku (biker)
gangs, made up of adolescent thugs much given to
mindless violence and petty crime. To these people,
the gumi becomes a new home, a place where they get
respect and somewhere to belong:

In fact, the Yakuza has served as an important
social safety valve by accepting those rejected by the
mainstream. This role is lessening as Japanese social.
rigidity loosens. The degree to which Japanese society
has already changed, especially the loss of the tradi-
tion of respecting and obeying the elderly and the
general disregard in which the old ways are held, is
having a significant negative effect on the Yakuza. In
past years the Yakuza all paid at least lip service to giri-
ninjo, the idea of obligation and compassion. This
tenet held that not only did the kobun owe the
oyabun, but the gumi also owed the local neighbor-
hood. While strict neighborhood ties largely faded
decades ago, nowadays young gangsters are showing
scant regard for giri-ninjo when it interferes. with
turning a quick buck. Tradition-minded oyabun find
this increasingly vexing, and there may yet bea
bloody reckoning.

Yaxuza RyTuais

Rituals in. the Yakuza are neither particularly
ornate nor spiritual, a feature of their prosaic and
down-to-earth background. The most importantritual
among the Yakuza is sakazuki, the adoption of a new
member within the gumi. This. ceremony involves a
simple exchange of sake cups to symbolize the blood
connection, with Shinto offerings and the choicé of
an auspicious day rounding out. the requirements.
Nowadays the sake is often the only part of the
ceremony. still invoked, often followed by a feast or
binge ata karaoke bar.

The most recognized Yakuza ritual is yubitsume,
the amputation of part of a finger as apology for a
misdeed. A. close second is the ritual. welcoming of a

gumi member out of jail — demukai, a snub to authori-
ties that shows that the released inmate has not
reformed at all. Yet despite the public perception of
these two rituals/as essential to the Yakuza, both are
on the way out. One major federation of gumi, the
Inagawa-kai, has already banned demukai, mainly be-
cause it gives the police too many chances to posi-
tively identify gumi members: Inagawa-kai has also
tried to ban yubitsume for much the same reason.

Kuej-jjN AND THE Yaruza

Kuei-jin involvement in the Yakuza is less wide-
spread-than. with the Triads. The gumi are a more
limited tool than the larger Triads, and connections
to them are only open to gaki (Japanese Kuei-jin). The
modernist: Genji courts:have little time for the tradi-
tionalist Yakuza. gumi; instead preferring to invest
their time.in the modern Yakuza federations. The
traditionalist Bishamon, however, despite rumors to
the contrary, officially refuse to have anything to do
with the Yakuza. The Yakuza are definitely lower
class, and worse still (froma Bishamon perspective),
often have Korean or Chinese backgrounds. This has
left the traditional Yakuza, who are likewise despised
for their low-class roots by most Japanese hengeyokai,
open to-interference from outside Japan. Both the
Green Courts-and the Quincunx have used their
ethnic tiesto develop very delicate connections. These
links are so sensitive that only the most trusted mem-
bers-of the Courts involved have the slightest inkling
that something is going on.

For the Genji.courts, the modern Yakuza are an
all-purpose tool. Their widespread influence is a one-
stop shop for directing almost every facet of Japanese
society, from government and business to the local
markets and noodle shops. The recent government
crackdowns, however, have cost the Yakuza some of
its usefulness and also. some of the protection and
influence granted to it by the Genji courts. What the
Quincunx and Green. Courts hope to gain is more
difficult to say, though ties to the mortal Japanese
government, ready-made smuggling routes into Japan
and access to more wealth than even their local
corporations could provide them are possible answers.
For now, the foreign Kuei-jin bide their time, appar-
ently happy to have a back door to Japan for their use
whenever they need it.


Guaprer Two: Streets oF BLoop

49

ENAPTER FWO:
STREETS OF
ELOOD

When on surrounded ground, plot. When on

deadly ground, fight.

—Sun Tzu, The Art of War

In this chapter you'll find an assortment of Kuei-
jin, dhampyrs and mortals. Presented by geographical
region, most can be transplanted to any location with
only minor changes. Along the way, we also provide
you with a variety of source material on street-level
goings-on across the Middle Kingdom. The profiles of
some of the mortal and more-than-mortal characters
in this chapter use rules from World of Darkness:
Demon Hunter X and Half-Damned: Dhampyr.

Canton, CHjna-

Guangdong Province and its capital city, Guangzhou,
are both traditionally referred to as "Canton" by West-
emers. The Cantonese are regarded by most Chinese
(including themselves) as different from the rest of the
People's Republic. The trifling matter of their dialect
(Cantonese) aside, Guangdong Province was settled by
a number of minorities, most of whom came from the
north (fleeing the invaders of their homelands). Most

Chinese immigrants hail from Guangdong, and the city
and province have been centers of international trade
since the late 1600s. Secret societies and revolutions
have always found ready homes in Guangdong, which
gave birth to the Taiping Rebellion in the mid-19th
century and the Alliance for Chinese Revolution in
20th. The latter would become the Kuomintang (KMT)
nationalist party.

Proximity to Macao and Hong Kong has enor-
mously benefited Guangdong; most goods "made in
Hong Kong"-are made there. A commercial power-
house, the province tops most of the measures of
economic growth in China. Even today, Guangzhou is
a boomtown, with workers flooding into the city from
the province's rural areas and contributing to the
urban sprawl. Never an attractive city, Guangzhou
has few parks, much less any coherent environmental
policy. The Pearl River Delta, the city's waterway and
harbor, is an ecological disaster area.


A tourist destination for "Hongkies," especially
on weekends and for traditional festivals, Guangzhou
is facing a growing crime problem. Unemployed work-
ers turn to crime to support themselves and prey on
the visitors. Guangdong is also the traditional home
of the Triads; their roots in the region can be traced
back over 2,000 years to the local trade and social
guilds. The rise in petty crime actually poses a prob-
lem for the Triads —there are simply too many small-
time operators to keep track of them all. In response,
the Triads are concentrating on major crimes (bank
heists, illegal gambling operations and fraud), leaving
the street-level operators largely to their own devices.
Most Triads still sponsor at least one gang, however,
just to keep an ear to the ground and to maintain a
presence on the streets. These responsibilities are
usually entrusted to junior members, who are ex-
pected to prove their worth by keeping the gangs well-
connected and out of trouble with the law.

The only exceptions to this "hands-off" policy are
smuggling and the drug trade. Guangdong was the
original entry point for opium into China (in the mid-
1700s). The struggle between the Co Hong, the sole
merchant's guild appointed by imperial decree to
trade with foreigners, and the British eventually led to
the Opium Wars. The ancestors who remember what
that struggle cost them are not about to give up the
hard-earned fruits of their labors.

Canton BY NjgHT

The current Ancestor of Guangzhou is Lee Chun-
yi, a Resplendent Crane who may or may not be the
Lee Chun-yi chronicled in the reign of Emperor Hwei
Tsung in the opening decades of the 12th century. A
firm believer in orderly progress towards a more per-
fect society, Chun-yi is the shan chu of the dominant
Triad in Canton — the Co Hong. This organization is
the same Co Hong that received the initial license to
trade with foreigners in 1757.

Chun-yi places great faith in his fellow Kuei-jin.
The city is rife with corruption and there is plenty for
all. Chun-yi's Scarlet Screens are concentrated in the
civil bureaucracy, which gives him far-reaching influ-
ence. Approximately 60,vampires reside in the city of
6,500,000 souls, with perhaps another 20 or 30 scat-
tered throughout the province; as long as affairs are
conducted appropriately, Chun-yi is satisfied. Of
course, he has an extensive information-gathering
network and a number of servants who understand
technology quite well.

The only real cloud on Canton's horizon is the
current instability in Hong Kong. Guangdong has
enjoyed cordial relations with the tiny city-state for
many decades, and the conflict between the Righ-
teous Devils of Kowloon and the Victorious Whirl-
wind has placed the Wan Kuei of Guangdong in a
difficult position. So far, Chun-yi has managed to

Kiuing Srreers

avoid making any firm commitments, but as soon as
one side gains the upper hand, he will have to act,
most likely to give victory to the opposing faction
and thereby ensure their gratitude and loyalty. Ul-
timately, he would like to see the Flame Court
officially moved to Guangdong and placed under
his authority. Decisively resolving the situation in
Hong Kong would greatly strengthen his claim to
such authority.

See Kindred of the East, pp. 155-159 and 166-
173, and Kindred of the East Companion, pp. 17-23,
for more information on China. World of Darkness:
Hong Kongand Nights of Prophecy, pp. 52-65, cover
Hong Kong.

g Xiuquang, leader of the Taiping Rebel-
nbitious young man whothree times
he civil ‘Service, but

ig God? Protéstant

had been active in the Guangdong
ter réading some of their
tracts, Xiuquang he aimed

("Yasoo") in to him that he|

lion, was ana
failed the
eventual
missionari

aréa for

ome' time;

wag also a Son Of God. The @hinese translation of
the Bible featured the chatacter for Xiuquang'
suthame: (which means flood) in a number of
places. Xiuquang realized thay like the flood in the
Old Testament, it was his/duty to rid China of the
Qing Dynasty and its backward, heretical: tradi-
tidng (like Confucianism, which imposed the rig

venly King-

quered Hunan, Hubei, Aphi an
became the Taiping capitaliih 1853. The Taiping
ruled for Il years, only t@ Be suppressed after

h in 1864.'In Nanjing, none ‘of
<fuquang's; 100,000 followérs surrendered. They

i prefer

g, which

|suicide.

ge ae

CHEN CHUNRONG, THE jNSCRUTABLE
Mistress of THE Wjckep Harr
Background: The wife a Taiping government
official (see sidebar), Chen Chunrong was as dedi-
cated to the cause as the most fanatical soldier. As
the eldest daughter of a well-to-do family, Chunrong's
intellect and ambition were doomed to frustration in
traditional China; the Taiping's antipathy to the
status quo suited her perfectly. She prayed nightly to
Yasoo that her three children would live to see the
establishment of the Heavenly Kingdom of Great
Peace. When the Taiping were finally suppressed by
imperial troops, Chunrong could not bear to see her
dream die. Commending her soul to Yasoo, she mur-
dered her children and husband while they slept,

Guaprer Two: Streets oF Bioop

barricaded herself inside their house and set fire to
the floor.

As she suffered for her crimes in the Hell of Being
Skinned Alive, Chunrong came to realize the error of
her ways. She had been wrong to reject traditional
Chinese values. Wrong to try to wipe out evil. Wrong
to murder her family and damn herself to an eternity
of suffering.

Her determination to atone for her foolishness
grew until she was able to escape from Hell. Her time
as a chih-mei was unusually short; as soon as she
regained her composure, she presented herself to Lee
Chun-yi, the Ancestor of Guangzhou. Impressed with
her determination and her respect for traditional
values, Chun-yi gave her a position within the Co
Hong, his Triad.

Chiinrong is a loyal servant. She seeks enlighten-
ment, tries to exemplify the values she now holds
dear, and is eager to prove her worth to her superioi
A staunch traditionalist, she delights in the corrup-
tion and destruction of zealots and fanatics, and hi
particular hatred of Westerners and their religion.
Her Scarlet Screens include a number of brothels,
opium dens and an illegal fighting ring.

Image: Chunrong normally dresses in humble,
traditional clothes. When modern dress is required,
she weats conservative suits in dark gray. Her manner
issevere but her demeanor lightens considerably when
she is planning or discussing scheme to spread misery
and wickedness.

Roleplaying Hints: You wish to atone for the
crimes and foolishness of your mortal life. You have
no particular interest in mortals, but you do have a
particular hatred of the West and its decadent
culture; you value your culture and traditions above
all else.

Haven: Chunrong has a secure vault in the
basements of each of her brothels. Converted from
bondage dungeons, the vaults all contain several
interesting pieces of furniture and a somewhat dis-
turbing atmosphere.

Secrets: Chunrong is well versed in the activities
of the Co Hong and is especially well informed when
it comes to their vice operations.

Influence: Chunrong is making steady progress
along her Dharmic path but has yet to really prove
herself to her elders, and so her influence among
the unliving is limited. Among the living, she
wields a subtle influence over her more powerful
patrons, but needs to handle any overt attempts at
manipulation discreetly.

Nature: Autocrat

P'o Nature: The Barbarian

Demeanor: Judge

Balance: Balanced

Direction: Center

Dharma: Way of the Resplendent Crane 4

Second Breath: 1864

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 2, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Academics 3, Bureaucracy 3, Finances
2, Law 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 3

Disciplines: Cultivation 2, Chi'iu Muh 2, Demon
Shintai 3, Ghost-Flame Shintai 2, Tapestry 1, Yin
Prana 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Herd 3, Jade
Talisman 2, Resources 3, Retainers 4

Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 4, Hun 5, P'o 5

Willpower: 8

Tang Fuguj, Tae Cunnjng Monrex

Background: Fugui was an unfortunate opium
trader during the struggles with the British. Ruined
during the Opium Wars, he sold his children and then
wagered — and lost — his wife. Cut off by his Triad
associates for being too well-known to the authorities,
he was eventually killed stealing silverware from the
residence of a British diplomat.

After death, Fugui wasn't surprised to find himself
in the Hell of Those Who Sell Their Children. He
stayed there for a long time, considering his fate and
reflecting on his failings. Eventually he realized he
had erred in depending on others and on fate to assist
him when he should have assisted himself. His resolve
and determination grew steadily until he was able to
escape from Hell and draw the Second Breath.


52

By the time Fugui returned to the Middle King-
dom, China was in its first throes of reform and
modernization. He joined the Kuei-jin court, expect-
ing to be treated asa respected equal, but had to choke
down his rage when he realized he must kowtow to the
ancestor, Lee Chun-yi. A jinanamed Chen Chunrong
offered to take him under her wing. She set him to
work as an enforcer, courier and odd-job-man. The
work suited him well, as it granted him considerable
independence and kept him away from the courts.

Fugui did not become a zhu wangzi — a Bamboo.
Prince until the 1970s. When he first read
Burakumin's manifesto in 1969, he felt as if a great
weight had been lifted from him. At last, some Kuei-
jin were ready to stand against the eunuch and the
mandarins. Fugui is now the Bamboo Princes' chief
source of information in Guangdong. He hides his
political sympathies in plain sight; everyone knows
his lack of proper respect for authority, and ina simple
double-blind, he trusts that no one would believe him
fool enough to actually take arms against the system
under which he chafes. So far, his gamble has paid off.

Image: Fugui is short and wiry, with a lopsided
grin and a manic gleam invhis eyes. His shaved
head and normally disheveled appearance con-
tribute to the slightly disreputable image he
projects to the court.

Roleplaying Hints: You've got them all fooled.
Just goes to show what idiots they are. You have
nothing personally against most of the Kuei-jin you
know, except that they unthinkingly support the
same system of tyranny that condemned most of them
to death in the first place. You're content to let the
Cantonese court keep on underestimating you. Their
mistake will only make your eventual victory sweeter.

King Sreeers

Haven: Fugui cares little for material comforts
and makes his haven in an unassuming house over-
looking the Pearl River delta. His chamber is
heavily fortified.

Secrets: Asan information-gatherer, Fugui knows
a great deal about all the supernatural comings and
goings in Canton. His knowledge of mortal criminal
activities is mostly limited to what Chen Chunrong
tells him.

Influence: Fugui has little real influence in Can-
ton; he's regarded as a modestly cunning leg-breaker,
not without potential, but not yet disciplined enough
to be taken seriously. Within the ranks of the Bamboo
Princes, he commands significant respect.

Nature: Visionary
P'o Nature: The Legalist
Demeanor: Bravo

Balance: Balanced

Direction: South

Dharma: Path of a Thousand Whispers 3

Second Breath: 1915

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Melee 3,
Torture 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 2, Investigation 2
Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Demon Shintai 2, Flesh
Shintai 2, Obligation 1

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Resources 2
Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 4, Hun 5, P'o 4

‘Willpower: 8

Zao Xjanyj, Pawn oF tHe Deap

Background: Not all corrupt cops start out that
way. Some come from good homes and want to serve
the public. They're loyal and brave and dedicated.
They study hard, excel at their training and end up
doing important undercover work combating drugs,
gambling and prostitution.

Zhao Xianyi was all those things, until the day a
police bust went wrong and he was shot in the hip
while working undercover. Fragments of bone and
bullet perforated his abdomen and the surgeons
couldn't get them all out. Officially, he's now working
a desk and taking prescription painkillers. Unoffi-
cially, he spilled his guts to his former Triad friends in
exchange for a supply of opium sufficient to dull the
constant pain.

The gang he was investigating is one of Chen
Chunrong's Scarlet Screens, and the vampire was as
delighted to have a source of information inside the
police drug squad as she was concerned that the


authorities had infiltrated her operation. She has
instructed hersmen to pump Xianyi for information
for as long as possible. Unknown to Chunrong, how-
ever, the entire drug squad is in fact a Scarlet Screen
for Ancestor Lee Chun-yi, who found it disappoint-
ingly easy to. place a man inside her operation. The
ancestor has made to garner all the information
necessary to compromise Chunrong's operations
should the need arise.

In the meantime; Xianyi sinks deeper into de-
spair. His wife knows something is wrong but has not
yet discovered his drug problem, nor have any of his
fellow officers. Were he to be found out, Xianyi would
likely kill himself out of shame: He can see no way out
of his current predicament.

Image? Once the picture of clean-cut, athletic
good'health, Xianyi now walks with a limp and is
constantly in agony. He is developing a stoop be-
cause standing up straight hurts so much. He tries to
keep his appearancestidy, but as his predicament
worsens, he cares less and less for such trivialities as
his appearance.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a désperate man. You!
hate. constantly.betraying your fellow officers, but
neithercan you stand the agonizing pain you're forced
to live with because of a departmental blunder. You
crave redemption, even if it costs your life.

Haven: Xianyi lives withshis wife and two chil-
dren in a Comfortable apartment on the outskirts of
Guangzhou. He's very much aware, that the Triad
knows the address.

Secrets: Xianyi has access to vast quantities of
information about Canton's criminal underworld. He
has no idea of the existence of the Kuei-jin, though
like all cops he's seen his fair share of weird shit.

53

Influence: Were Xianyi to come clean to his
superiors, they would most likely dispose of him. Were
he to come clean to an honorable or independent
source of help, he has enough information to destroy
several criminal operations.

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Age: 33

Physical: Strength:3;,Dexterity.3, Stamina |
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance |
Mental::Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 4, Streetwise.4,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3, Performance 4, Security 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 4, Law 2,
Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 2
Virtues:»Conscience 3, Sel&Control 2, Courage 2
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 4

SHanguaj, CHjna

The war. in Shanghai is all but over, with the
Chinese Wan Kuei triumphant over the Japanese gaki.
That doesn't mean that things are quiet in this major
port city; far from it. Now that the Chinese have re-
established control, the race is on to fill the vacuum.
leftby the Japanese. A vicious turf war has erupted,
which, if unchecked, could well leave the city open to
re-infiltration by the gaki, who stilkhave afew agents
in place. These gaki have learned to walk very, very
quietly through the night, but have also maintaineda
steady flow of information to their uji back in Japan.

Zuang Fuwen, THe Currurep Devjr
oF & THousanp Crimes

Background: Zhang was an ambitious peasant
who spent hisearly years caught in a tumultuous cycle
of famine, poveity, flood and uncertainty.iHisdkeen
mind craved order, and so he studied long and hard to
pass theexams that would give him entry to the civil
bureaucracy. He failed. Bitterly disillusioned, he joined
his,local Triad and rose through the ranks quickly,
bélstered by an effective combination of ruthlessness
and organizational skills.

Despite hisjoutward propriety, Fuwen was a man
of complete moral/indifference. He cared neither for
virtue norjyice, only for order and predictability.
Realizing thé vast profits to be made, he quickly
turned to importing drugs, weapons, slaves and other
contraband. A generous master who took care of those
Joyallto him, he soon became the dominant smuggler
in Shanghai. He died peacefully in his sleep in 1897.

Upon his death, Fuwen was most surprised to
find himself in the urban hell called the Wicked
City. He rose swiftly in the administration of the
Yama King Mikaboshi, displaying a flair for politics
and manipulation, only to fail the special exams to
enter Mikaboshi's entourage. After that, Fuwen's
control snapped and he wandered in a daze through
the maze-like city. Eventually he discerned a/pattern
in the seeming chaos of the slums, and simply walked
out of Hell.

He lost little time in re-establishing ties with his
old smuggling operation, but couldn't quite settle in
to the routines of his old life. Something in him
missed the order and regimentation of the hell he had
escaped. Fuwen then experienced a satori. His path
was clear.

It didn't take him long to find Mikaboshi's repre-
sentatives. Fuwen's clarity of purpose impressed the
Yama King; after gratefully submitting to several
months of torture as punishment for his escape, Fuwen
gave his soul gladly, even lovingly; to the only master
who held out any hope of creating a world that made
sense. He felt no shame in his abasement before his
new master, only pride and fulfillment.

Since becoming akuma, Fuwen has made it his
mission to increase the reach of the Wicked City. He
does not engage in unsophisticated acts of terror, nor
does he delight in the corruption of other Kuei-jin.
His mission is to support the government, to increase
the regimentation of daily life and to destroy the
sparks of individuality that give humans such joy. He
has thrown his efforts into taking control of as much
of the city as possible and often personally directs his
Scarlet Screens to ensure that their orders are carried
out to his satisfaction.

Kiuuing Srreers

To his fellow Kuei-jin, Fuwen is a reliable Re-
splendent Crane anda jina of the Flesh Court. During
the long struggle against the gaki, he rose to promi-
nence because of his superior ability to organize and
direct Scarlet Screens. He has remained in the Flesh
Ancestor's favor for over two decades, an accomplish-
ment few others of his rank can match. Fuwen's
stature has only risen with the recent victory over the
Japanese vampires. Every mandarin who wishes to
gain a foothold on new territory must take Fuwen's
street contacts and agents into account. Fuwen has
graciously allowed many of the competing factions to
use his resources, thereby placing powerful Kuei-jin in
his debt.

Image: Fuwen appears as a slightly built man of
advanced years. His posture and carriage, like his
martial arts, are textbook-perfect. He dresses in a
simple, well-cut, black Chinese-style suit and eschews
jewelry or other adornment.

Roleplaying Hints: Order must be brought forth
from chaos. Concepts such as "good" and "evil" are
simple-minded expressions of an individual's preju-
dices dressed up as moral absolutes. You admire
Mikaboshi and hope to serve him forever.

Haven: Fuwen has several vaults concealed in
warehouses and ships. They are all simply and identi-
cally appointed. He has no shrine to Mikaboshi or
other obvious trapping of his infernal servitude. He
serves through acts, not rituals.

Secrets: Fuwen is an akuma. He has been gather-
ing intelligence on all his fellow Kuei-jin and is one of
the dominant Triad bosses in Shanghai. Mikaboshi is
pleased with his efforts and often requires Fuwen to
assist his other agents; Fuwen is therefore well ac-
quainted with his master's plots and schemes in the
Shanghai area.

Influence: Widely tespected as a leader of the
struggle against the gaki, Fuwen wields considerable
influence in the Flesh Court, based in Shanghai. He
has the ancestor's ear on matters of law and crime, but
this has brought him jealous rivals. He is also a highly-
valued servant of Mikaboshi.

Nature: Deviant

P'o Nature: The Slave

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Balance: Balanced

Direction: Center

Dharma: Akuma of Mikaboshi (believed to be a Re-
splendent Crane jina)

Second Breath: 1905

Apparent Age: mid-60s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5


Cuaprer Two: Streets oF Bioop

Talents: Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimida-
tion 5, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 5, Torture 5

Skills: Crafts (calligraphy) 4, Etiquette 5, Martial
Arts 4

Knowledges: Law 4, Linguistics 5, Medicine 2, Oc-
cult 3, Rituals 3, Science 3

Disciplines: Cultivation 1, Ghost-Flame Shintai 5,
Internalize 2, Yang Prana 3, Yin Prana 3
Investments: The Mask of Yomi, The Ebon Fountain
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 4,
Resources 5

Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 5, Hun 5, P'o 5

Willpower: 9

Lu Yuexju (Etegance Lu)

Background: Lu Yuexiu isa dhampyr, the daugh-
ter of Zhang Fuwen. Yuexiu's mother was a simple
fisherwoman who raised her until Fuwen sent emis-
saties to collect his daughter. Neither Yuexiu's
mother nor her two young brothers survived the
collection, which occurred almost 50 years ago. It
didinot take Elegance long to forsake her humanity
and she, is as certain) of her superiority as she is
terrified of her father.

Fuwen sent her to Europe for an education. Upon
her return, she filled several junior positions to test
her mettle before being given charge of a number of a
minor Scarlet Screens (including local police, martial
arts clubs and business chambers) with which to ha-
rass the gaki in Shanghai.

Once the gaki were all but vanquished, Fuwen
placed Yuexiu in command of another Scarlet Screen
—a band of pirates operating in the South China
Sea. Yuexiu, an educated and intelligent woman,
was horrified. She hates the crude and uneducated
band shecommands, but nevertheless discharges

55

her responsibility with the efficiency expected of
her. She has realized, however, that her father
regards her as nothing more than a tool to be used
as he sees fit. She is planning to escape his service,
perhaps by faking her death and heading to
Singapore, where she has learned rogue dhampyrs
can find a safe haven.

Image: Not particularly pretty, Yuexiu is never-
theless in excellent physical condition; when in ac-
tion, she dresses in expensive athletic and combat
gear. On-shore, she is the picture of a successful
entrepreneur, dressing and living lavishly.

Roleplaying Hints: You have nothing but con-
tempt for all mortals, and you are jealous and fearful of
the Kuei-jin. Once utterly loyal to your father, you
now plot your escape and long for your freedom. On-
shore, you love flaunting your wealth — further proof.
of your superiority.

Haven: Yuexiu has a penthouse apartment over-
looking Shanghai's harbor.

Secrets: Yuexiu knows everything there is to
know about her father's smuggling operation. She
neither knows nor cares to know much about his other
activities — if her father doesn't want her to know,
she's not interested.

Influence: Yuexiu has considerable influence
among her father's servants and Scarlet Screens; her
underlings regard her as a tough but fair boss. Were
she to need a few favors (guards to look the other way,
messages or small items delivered) she would have
little trouble finding a discreet and capable ally to
assist her.

Nature: Conformist

P'o Nature: The Barbarian

Demeanor: Competitor

Age: 56

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Lead-
ership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2 (boat), Firearms 4, Martial Arts 3,
Meditation 3, Melee 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 2
Special Abilities: Passive Joss, Active Joss, Joss Binding
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Face 3, Influence 2, Re-
sources 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4,
Pol

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7


56

Ying Baocaj

Background: Always fascinated by power, by the
ways in which the weak (like himself) could impose
their will on the strong (everyone else), Ying Baocai
became a master manipulator from an early age. By the
time he entered high school, he was taking bets on the
horse races. By the time he left, he was running the
books for the local racecourse. Such talents assured
his initiation into the Triad. .

His boss is Lu Yuexiu, for whom he takes care of
her smuggling concern's on-shore operations. The job
is a big responsibility for one so young, but Yuexiu had
a good feeling about Baocai, who seized his chance
with both hands and hasn't looked back since.

Baocai negotiates deals, takes orders and looks
after the maintenance of the ships, paying the sailors
(whom he secretly fears) and keeping the books.
Keenly aware of how quickly his fortunes could change,
he has been skimming small amounts off the operation
since he started. The cash is hidden away in a number
of accounts, safe-deposit boxes and buried caches
around Shanghai.

Baocai has heard many stories and seen a few
odd things that have made him suspicious of his
Triad masters. He's aware that things are not quite
as they seem, and is currently debating whether it's
wise to dig any deeper regarding Yuexiu and who-
ever pulls her strings.

Image: Slightly built, with a lean and hungry face,
Baocai dresses in expensive smart-casual clothes be-
fitting his cover occupation as the manager of a
successful import-export firm.

Roleplaying Hints: Should you or shouldn't you?
You just know there's something funny about your
boss. You know you shouldn't pry, but knowledge is

power. And you never know when a little blackmail
might come in handy.

Haven: Baocai lives in a trendy apartment in
Shanghai.

Secrets: Baocai knows all the financial and crimi-
nal details of the smuggling operation and is well-
informed about other illegal activities in Shanghai.
He suspects that the mystical and ritual trappings of
the Triad are more than just trappings, but has no
hard evidence.

Influence: Baocai isa middle-ranking Triad mem-
ber, and his superiors listen to his advice, but do not
necessarily heed it. He has a number of friendly con-
tacts in the local police with whom he regularly
exchanges gifts, but all of these are known by Yuexiu,
who still has agents on the force.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Director

Age: 26

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Dodge 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Security 3,
Stealth 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 3, Finance 4,
Investigation 1, Law 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Influence 2, Men-
tor 2, Resources 4

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Humanit
Willpower: 6

e
jaPan

Japan is a nation at war with itself, a collision of
ancient tradition and cutting-edge technology. No-
where are the contrasts between old and new so
sharp as they are between the nation's two leading
uji, the ultra-traditional Bishamon and the ultra-
modern Genji. Since the bombing of Hiroshima and
Nagasaki in the closing days of World War Two, the
land has been dying, the flow of Chi poisoned by the
two atomic bombs. Both uji have been doing all they
can to counter the effects of this cataclysm, so far
without success.

The gaki had pinned many hopes on holding
Shanghai, believing that access to its untainted Chi
would give them the reserves they needed to purify
their land. Their recent setbacks in the city have been
a major disappointment and many young gaki are
agitating to retake the city. But a more pressing
conflict is brewing. Many Bishamon wish to expel all
the foreigners who steal the island's precious Chi,


while many Genji are forging alliances with foreigners
tohelp regain the ground they have lost since the war.
Tensions are running high, and many ancestors fear
another bloodletting is inevitable. Of course, such
fatalism only makes such a conflict more likely.

See Kindred of the East, pp. 159-161 and 173-
175, and Kindred of the East Companion, pp. 23-27,
for more information on Japan. World of Darkness:
Tokyo also has plentiful information, both on the
capital and the nation as a whole.

SuzuK; Micnjro

Background: Women in Japan aren't supposed to
belike Michiko. Loud, abrupt, ill-mannered and tough,
she loved karate and kendo and followed her father
onto the police force, graduating second in her class at
the academy. On the streets, she worked twice as hard
as her male colleagues and her arrest statistics showed
that she was doing her job. But her arrests rarely
resulted in convictions and she often had to pull out
of a bust because backup failed to arrive in time.

Then she started investigating some grisly, Yakuza-
related killings, and her world turned upside-down.
Instead of the sullen lack of co-operation she was used
to receiving, her colleagues became actively obstruc-
tive. Her family was threatened and her partner hos-
pitalized, but she refused to stop working the case.
Eventually, her captain suspended her on charges of
psychological instability, and it all became clear. Her
entire department was being manipulated. She set
about trying to discover by whom, but her investiga-
tions bore bitter fruit. Her home was firebombed and
her family killed.

That very night an agent of the Japanese govern-
ment contacted her. In a meeting he explicitly told
her never happened, the dark-suited man showed her
evidence that monsters out of legend — the gaki —

57

were behind her woes. He offered her the chance to
fight back as part of an organization that also did not
exist officially: Strike Force Zero. She has been bat-
tling the Japanese people's true enemies ever since.

Michiko was appointed second-in-command of
her Strike Team and has brought it a healthy dose of
street smarts. She leads the hunt every night, scouring
the streets for the unliving predators. Though it still
goes against her grain, she now often lets mortal
criminals go, hoping that they will lead her to their
demonic bosses. She still hasn't found the gaki that
controlled her old police department, but she's sworn.
to take revenge, even if it takes a lifetime to achieve.

Image: Michiko is an attractive woman in her late
twenties. Slightly taller than average, her build is
muscular and her manner abrupt and businesslike.
She wears expensive pants suits of the latest cut and
fabric, and a number of tasteful and very expensive
pieces of jewelry.

Roleplaying Hints: You're a cop. You've always
been a cop and you'll always be a cop. It's just that
now, you have a different jurisdiction. The gaki are
criminal scum and you'll bring them in just like all the
other murderers you've caught. And if you have to
have yourself cut open to be able to fight the demons
out there, then that's a price worth paying. You hope.

Haven: Michiko has an expensive apartment in
the heart of Tokyo.

Secrets: Michiko's team has brought down a
few gaki and some other strange monstrosities since
she joined up. She has consumed SF0's databases on
the supernatural and has begun piecing together a
disturbingly accurate picture of the supernatural
entities that operate behind and within Japan's
criminal organizations.

Influence: As a member of Strike Force Zero,
Michiko has considerable pull in the civilian world.
Within SFO itself she is regarded as a promising recruit
who'll either burn herself out (and end up dead) or
learn to temper her passions with prudence (and end
up dead, but with a few more kills to her credit).
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Age: 33
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Streetwise 3
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Martial Arts 3, Melee 3,
Security 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Medicine 2
Special Abilities: Emotion Suppressor, Psi-Band
Radio, Sheath

Backgrounds: Backers 3, Resources 3, Contacts 3
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3 (Yin Chi),
Courage 5 (Yang Chi)

Willpower: 8

SFO on THE Streets =.

Strike Force Zero, as portrayed in World of
Darkness: Demon Hunter X, may make a rough
fit into a Killing Streets chronicle. The human-
scale focus of a gritty, urban drama can clash with
thé cybernetic; monster hunting hi-jinks of SFO.
Storytellers can resolve these dispare y

vetal ways, the simplest of whichis not to use

FO in a Killing Streets context. If you want
combine the two; howeyer, keep the. following
points in mind. !

{ Inan urban drama, remember that things hap-§
pen onan ee. idual, bis cale, Your stories™

conéern a fei, crooks and fgops, not a massive
ision of the

panes Fet service. As pach

fe chology to bi ar. "One or two en-

hancements won't be very. long as you
ake them the centeriof the entire story —

just like your Kuei-jin's ee eiplines shouldn't be
the center of the act, the idea of a
lon: Bo agent resources of the

ing W ol ipatne
the current state ae a

mele some of the Teeter SW vilder toys

less téliable, including some of the most
tolsused by SEO aventéeThis means
that most strike teams are using more subtle
days anyway, which r

much
impréssiv

them more

Jjimpo Marcran

Background: Matchan was a punk from an early
age. He rarely saw his father, his mother doted on him,
and he was thoroughly sick of it all by the time he was
ten. School bored him, but motorcycles didn't. He got
into petty crime to scrape together the money to buy
his first bike, and joined a bike gang to be with others
who understood him.

Allin all, he was a typical bike-riding delinquent
youth. Inevitably, one night he pushed his luck too far
and wiped out during a high-speed run through the
Ginza. He woke up from his coma just long enough to
see the distraught looks on his parents' faces. Then he
went to Hell. But not even the Wicked City could

King Streets

hold him for long. He was too quick, too street-smart.
He ran from the servitors, took the Second Breath,
and has been running evefistne.

Before long, his wild plans for eternity came to an
abrupt end. He found the Bishamon incredibly hide-
bound and stuffy, the Genji almost as'bad. Fortu-
nately, he found a third way — that of the heimin. It
sounded good to Matchan. He's been at the game less
than two decades but is already building a solid repu-
tation as a fast and reliable go-between. His cocky
attitude initially put some ancestors off(he calls it
"redlining" them), but if there's one thing the elders
respect, it's results, and nobody has ever had reason to
complain about Matchan's work.

Between jobs, Matchan hangs out in biker bars
and other seedy, low-rent locales, playing the myste-
rious tough guy who knows that no mortal punk can
hope to take him. He's come dangerously close to
losing control of himself in a couple of brawls, so now
he plays it a little cooler.

Image: Matchan is a gangly young man appar-
ently in his mid-twenties. He dresses in biker's
leathers or designer suits, depending on the occa-
sion. He has nothing but disdain for the elaborate
ritual dress some uji ceremonies require and rarely
forgoes an opportunity to jibe loyal court disciples
on such matters.

Roleplaying Hints: You love the freedom of being
heimin. You're aware that you walk a dangerous path,
but that knowledge just heightens the joy of the open
road. Keep your eyes open and never stop moving,
that's your philosophy.

Haven: Matchan has a number of havens across
Japan, mostly specially fortified apartments and base-
ments in working-class areas.


Secrets: None. Matchan forgets everything he
might overhear. Immediately. No one could pay
him enough (in money, favors or other exchange)
to remember.

Influence: Asa heimin, Matchan officially has no
influence. Asa practical matter, he knows members of
the criminal underclass across Japan and is generally
well-liked. His fellow heimin respect his speed and
dedication, if not his attitude.

Nature: Competitor

P'o Nature: The Barbarian

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Balance: Yang

Direction: West

Dharma: Dance of the Thrashing Dragon 3

Second Breath: 1977

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4; Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Expression 3,
Streetwise 5

Skills: Drive 5, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Finance 1, Linguistics 2, Rituals 3
Disciplines: Black Wind 2, Blood Shintai 1, Equilib-
rium 2, Internalize 1

Backgrounds: Horoscope 3, Jade Talisman 3, Resources 3
Virtues: Yin 3, Yang 5, Hun 3, P'o 4

Willpower: 7

Momose Kaorj

Background: All her life, Kaori wanted to do
things her own way. She was a tomboy and the terror
ofher neighborhood, and her parents despaired of her
ever finding a husband. Little did they know that
marriage had never figured into their daughter's plans.

Kaori ran away from home as soon as she finished
high school. She moved to Tokyo to find her fortune,
but instead it found her. Working as a barmaid while
studying at Tokyo University, she was dumping some
trash in the alley behind the bar when she stumbled
across two gaki fighting. She was terrified, rooted to
the spot as she watched the monsters clash. Eventu-
ally, one fell, and the survivor turned its maddened
gaze upon Kaori. Its triumph was short-lived, how-
ever, asa third figure flashed down from aneighboring
roof and quickly dispatched the weakened creature.
Recovering her wits, Kaori grabbed a broken board as
the new combatant turned slowly to face her. To her
surprise, it wasa woman. Wordlessly, she ran from the
alley and was soon lost in the crowd.

Kaori started researching immediately. Piecing to-
gether what information she could from newspapers,
books on mythology and crime reports, she réalized that

she had seen two demons battling each other. The
woman, she suspected,, was one of the lone demon-
hunters she read about.

Proof of the supernatural came as a profound
shock. Kaori realized that human free will was an
illusion if these monstrous creatures were pulling the
strings from behind the scenes. She deduced from her
mythology books that to be embraced by the Hell
Kings, one must first prove one's wickedness. Then a
servant will be sent to test one's resolve before one is
taken to Hell and reborn.

With demons swimming through the sea of hu-
manity like sharks, Kaori realized that the only way to
prosper was to become one herself. She reasoned that
she first needs'to become wicked enough to earn
passage to Hell. Next, she needs to be strong and
clever enough to impress a Hell King. Finally, she
needs to be well-versed in the necessary traditions to
enter the society of devils. As a first step on the path
toward becoming a demon, she has turned to petty
crime and the seduction and corruption of her univer-
sity teachers and fellow students. By night she prowls
the streets, looking for the unliving.

One of these days, she'll wake up in one of the
Hells. Then the fun will really begin.

Image: A. striking young woman, Kaori has a
strange gleam in her eyes and an otherworldly distrac-
tion in her manner. Needless to say, this demeanor
drives some men (and some women) mad with desire.

Roleplaying Hints: You are either completely
insane or close enough that the distinction makes no
difference. The ultimate gaki wannabe, you cultivate
an air of mystery and exoticism that can't entirely
hide the desperate need that drives you.

Haven: Kaori lives in a basement apartment ina
run-down building. Predictably, she sleeps late and
avoids the sun.

Secrets: For a.woman pursuing such a hopeless,
bizarre dream, Kaori has managed to uncover some
truths among her collection of pop superstition and
half-baked mysticism. She understands that the gaki
feed on the Chi of their victims, that there are several
species of supernatural creatures living alongside hu-
mankind and that a group of mortals exists who hunt
demons using Shinto magic and martial arts.

Influence: None. Kaori has only escaped death
because a number of the city's gaki find her efforts
endlessly amusing and are protecting her from harm.
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Deviant
Age: 19
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 2, Performance 2, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 2, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Resources 1
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Humanity: 3
Willpower: 8

Korea

Korea's history is the story of one wave of con-
querors after another. A small country with a long
coastline, surrounded by such powerful and often
belligerent neighbors as China, Russia and Japan,
Korea has been a crossroads for invading armies for
centuries. Nevertheless, the Koreans have held onto
their own cultural identity. The country's turbulent
history has left it with a strong xenophobic streak,
however, despite modernization and development into
a significant economic power.

The division of Korea into two nations brought
competition between North and South, but both have
become economic heavy weights in their own right.
The movement towards reunificationshas gained
strength in recent years and led to a unified Olympic
team, but at the turn of the century progress remains
mostly symbolic.

Korea s¥ Nigh

The Kuei-jin of Korea quickly learned to adapt to
the regular changes in their nation's fortune; they are
entirely pragmatic and have little time for pomp.and
ceremony. The division of the nation has had little
effect on the Green Courts beyond making it some-
what more difficult to travel the length of the country.
The Kuei-jin take the long view and have little inter-

King Srreers

Sj] Sree

est in particular government regimes, preferring to
work from a distance and allow the mortals' enthusi-
asm for bizarre experiments (like capitalismand Com-
munism) to exhaust itself. Korean Kuei-jinare mostly
concerned with expanding their already vast holdings
of jade, which:they craft into talismans» In recent
years, local sources have dried up, and tensions with
the shen have mounted as rapacious Kuei-jin raid their
dragon nests.

Both Koreas are relatively peaceful and lack the
rough-and-tumble criminal underclass of other na-
tions. The Kuei-jin who operate on the streets gener-
ally concentrate on smuggling and gambling. The
Parallel Path isa major source of income for Korean
Kuei-jin and those who operate it are reluctant to
accept payment in anything other than jade, which is
growing scarce: The other pressing problem is the
brewing conflict with the shen} the Tengu raven-folk
have begun to recruit their fiercer brothers to help
protect the dragon nests. Some of the shape shifters
have begun entering the cities to hunt the Kuei-jin,
believing that the element of surprise will grant them
significant advantages.

See Kindred of the East, pp. 161-163 and 175-
177, and Kindred of the East Companion, pp. 27-29,
for more information on Korea.

Kim Dae-sam, Tae Sustie Master oF &
Tuousanp Deatus

Background: Kim Dae-sam always loved playing
with his toys, pulling them apart to see what made
them work. A quiet child who never lost his temper,
he suffered at the hands. of local bullies until. the
bicycle of Lee Pak-il, his chief tormentor, fell apart
one day as Pak-il was riding down a steep:hill. Dae-
sam visited his "friend" at his sickbed, and said he'd
discovered what had happened to Pak-il's bike. He
handed Pak-il a collection of bolts and reminded him
to take better care of his things,,or else another
accident was sure to happen. The bullies left Dae-sam
alone after that.

When the Korean War erupted, Dae-sam» was
drafted into the North Korean Army. He€xpected to
serve as a mechanic, but his drill sergeant picked him
immediately as a young man with' the» implacable
demeanor and icy professionalism to be a superlative
killer. Dae-sam soon grew tired of the army's methods,
however. It was easy enough to desert, and he found a
ready market for his skills. Dae-sam specialized in hits
that looked like a¢cidents — mechanical failures
leading to fatal car wrecks, accidental electrocutions,
gas leaks and the like — and he soon' became highly.
sought after.

The sages say one's destiny is inescapable. Perhaps
that is why Dae-sam was himself assassinated. A pre-
vious employer who wanted him out of the way set
him up, and his outrage was so great that not even the

Cnapter Two: Streets oF Boop

Hell of Being Cut to Pieces could hold him for long.
His rage burned cold and he soon made his escape.
The assassin who killed him swiftly met her death in
aspectacular collision between her car and an out-of-
control petrol tanker. The businessman who hired
her, however, was trapped for five agonizing hours in
the tangled wreckage of a derailed train before dying
in the wake of a mysterious power outage at the
hospital where surgeons were trying desperately to
save his life.

Dae-sam intends to one day control the Green
Courts, but he is patient and methodical. He has
studied his condition and the operations of the Courts,
the better to control and manipulate them. He has
little interest in Scarlet Screens, gathering jade, trans-
porting Kuei-jin and Kin-jin along the Parallel Path,
necromancy or any of the other activities prevalent in
the Green Courts as ends in themselves. They are
simply tools to be used. He sees the infiltration of
Korea's cities by the shenas the perfect opportunity to
test his understanding and to increase his importance
within the courts.

Image: Kim Dae-sam is a handsome man, appear-
ing to be somewhere between his late twenties and
late thirties. His build is athletic rather than bulky
and he moves with quiet assurance. He speaks little
and has no use for social niceties.

Roleplaying Hints: It amuses you to kill with
ordinary objects, allowing your victims to kill them-
selves with their carelessness. Yoware a professional,
however, and if need be can finish off a hit with
gunplay or hand-to-hand combat. You intend to
eventually control the Green Courts, and all your
activities are directed, no matter how tangentially,
to that goal

61

Haven: Dae-sam never sleeps in the same place
two nights running. He has caches of equipment
around the world, and small apartments in most major
Asian cities.

Secrets: Dae-sam knows a great deal about the
habits of the Kuei-jin, Kin-jin and shen. He has a
passing knowledge of the Parallel Path and court
politics but is still concentrating on learning how best
to operate on the streets.

Influence: Despite his avowed disinterest in poli-
tics, Kim Dae-sam wields considerable influence among
the Kuei-jin of the Green Courts, who admire his
dedication. Although several of the Green Ancestors
rely on the Thousand Whisper assassin Shadow Pup-
pet (see Dharma Book: Thousand Whispers for more
details), many mandarins have come to use Kim's
services instead. He is also being looked to for leader-
ship in the nascent struggle against the shen.
Nature: Loner
P'o Nature: The Fool
Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Balance: Yin
Direction: West
Dharma: Song of the Shadow 4
Second Breath: 1959
Apparent Age: late 30s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 3, Streetwise 3
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 5, Martial Arts 4, Melee 4,
Stealth 5, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Occult 2
Disciplines: Yin Prana 3, Bone Shintai 4, Internalize 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Horoscope 2, Resources 5
Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 3, Hun 6, P'o 4
Willpower: 9

Co CHong-xyo, THe Vanjsijng
Devon oF CHEMULPO

Background: Chong-kyu was always a likeable
fellow, and smart too. So smart, in fact, that he didn't
think the rules of his world applied to him. Smart
enough to see the potential for personal power and
profit by providing forbidden goods and services to
enlightened and sophisticated individuals.

As a procurer, Chong-kyu excelled. When the
Tong-haks, an anti-foreigner society, rebelled for 3
months in 1894, both Chinese and Japanese troops
entered the county. The Japanese took the city of
Chemulpo (modern-day Inchon), and all-out war soon
followed. In its wake, Chong-kyu amassed consider-
able wealth dealing in luxuries and other illegal goods.
It was easy money, but he hadn't figured on getting in

the way of a smuggling operation run by the same
unliving ancestor for over a century. Chong-kyu's
death was remarkably painless and quick, unlike his
time in the Hell of Being Skinned Alive. Overcome
by fear, Chong-kyu nevertheless struggled against his
fate. Eventually, his terror of remaining in Hell
forever overcame his fear of the consequences of
escape. By carefully observing the movements of Tou
Mu's servitors and his fellow sufferers, he smuggled
himself out of Hell.

When he entered the Green Courts, he recog-
nized the ancestor of Chemulpo as the one who had
ordered his death. The ancestor made good use of
Chong-kyu's talents, ordering him to supervise the
day-to-day operations of the Chemulpo end of the
Parallel Path. Chong-kyu accepted this new responsi-
bility and immediately set to work, drawing up regis-
ters of safe houses, noting dangerous areas and keep-
ing detailed records of who was on the path, for how
long, and what they paid. By the time the Korean War
broke out in 1950, Chong-kyu effectively controlled
the path's southern reaches.

Five decades later, Chong-kyu remains on top of
his game. He has a number of Scarlet Screens, mostly
in Seoul and Inchon, including two smuggling opera-
tions, several small hotels and a taxi company. His
specialty is moving things from one place to another
without anyone noticing, and he's very good at what
he does, often making arrangements and interviewing
clients personally. Despite his success, Chong-kyu
longs for a satori to tell him how to proceed in his
unlife. His cowardice served its purpose in freeing him
from Hell, but he's too scared to try being brave.

Kiuing Srreers

Image: Chong-kyu is a wizened old Korean with a
bald pate and a small potbelly sticking out from his
otherwise skinny frame. He dresses in traditional garb
and acts the part of the absent-minded old man.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a professional pro-
curer and smuggler, but you wonder if that's really why
the August Personage of Jade has seen fit to send you
back to the Middle Kingdom. You think you should
probably take revenge on the ancestor who had you
killed, but you're sure you couldn't succeed. Does that
make you a coward?

Haven: Chong-kyu hasa number of fortified vaults
in his warehouses and boarding houses throughout
Korea. His office is in a rundown boat-shed in Inchon.

Secrets: Chong-kyu has kept detailed records of
the movements of many of the Kuei-jin in South
Korea for the last 20 years. This resource alone makes
him privy to many secrets. Were he to set his mind to
it, he could easily discover who was meeting whom,
and why.

Influence: Chong-kyu is far more influential than
he realizes. Under his management, the Parallel Path
has made more profit and assisted more tré
ever before. His other smuggling acti
brought many Kuei-jin items they could not otherwise
have obtained. He is well liked, if not personally, then
at least for his professional skill.

Nature: Conformist
P'o Nature: The Bandit

Demeanor: Director

Balance: Balanced

Direction: East

Dharma: Way of the Resplendent Crane 4

Second Breath: 1895

Apparent Age: late 60s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 2
Talents: Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Expression 3,
Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Computer 2, Finance 4, Investigation 3,
Law 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 2

Disciplines: Chi'iu Muh 2, Demon Shintai 3, Equilib-
rium 2, Yin Prana 1

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Influence 3, Re-
sources 4

Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 4, Hun 3, P'o 3

Willpower: 6

Cuaprer Twot Streets or Bioop

Tut Gopen Courts
(Southeast Asja)

The penangallan are the undisputed mistresses of
their domains throughout Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam,
Thailand and Malaysia. Throughout the 20th cen-
tury, they have made use of the superstitious, unedu-
cated rural poor to control the jungles, fight each
other and keep rival Kuei-jin trapped in the cities. But
their understanding of modern society is poor and
they are reluctant to come to terms with the fact that
traditional ways of life in rural areas cannot compete
with the lure of employment and opportunity in the
rapidly expanding urban economies. Now they face
the despoliation of their jungles and the looting of
their temples, and it is uncertain how much longer
they can continue their lifestyle.

The penangallan have not been idle in defense of
their realms, however. The jungle queens' reputation
for savagery is well earned, their methods brutal and
direct. Across Southeast Asia, they have taken advan-
tage of rural revolutionaries and hill tribes, including
the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia. Pol Pot's campaign in
that nation was an attempt to return to "year zero," a
cultural holocaust on an unimaginable scale. Though
not responsible for the slaughter, the jungle queens
encouraged and took advantage of it to further their
own feuds and keep the rest of the world out of their
domains. Yet even this drastic tactic hasn't worked.
Pol Pot's death and international pressure on the
Khmer Rouge have curbed their worst excesses, until
even the hard-liners have begun to realize that they
must adapt or perish.

Current events are rapidly moving beyond the
jungle queens' control. The rural populations over
whom they claim sovereignty are desperately. poor,
and the destruction of so much physical and intellec-
tual infrastructure in senseless wars has left countries
like Laos and Cambodia ill-equipped to take advan-
tage of the economic opportunities from which their
more fortunate neighbors have benefited. Virtue and
hard work do not feed families. Stolen artifacts and
pieces of ancient temples, however, do. The famous
Khmer temples that dot the jungles of Laos, Cambo-
dia and Thailand represent a source of fabulous
wealth to the local inhabitants. They care little for
the fact that they are dismantling their past; survival
is their first priority. Compounding the problem is
the entry of organized gangs and the military into the
illegal market, and the fact that even a modest piece
— say, the head of a statue, or a few square feet of a
frieze — brings in enough money to feed a family for
over a year.

At first, the jungle queens were not too con-
cerned. They abandoned Angkor Wat and retreated,
trusting the dense jungle to keep their temples and

lairs hidden. But in recent years, conservationists
(and looters) have been bringing technology to bear,
and sophisticated radar systems have located a num-
ber of previously unknown temples.

The situation on the ground is once again very
dangerous. Every strike at a party of looters simply
causes the next party to bring in more guards and
heavier weaponry. Urban Kuei-jin use Scarlet Screens
in the military, smugglers and police to keep the
archaeological treasure flowing; the penangallan, for
their part, have realized that they must put aside their
own differences if they are to survive. This. truce
among the jungle queens remains fragile, as some
have used it to take advantage of their more trusting
(and forward-looking) rivals, but the penangallan
have nonetheless begun efforts to influence conserva-
tionists and international scholars. The irony of this
move is mostly lost.on them, but some astute
penangallan suspect that involving the international
community might, in the long run, be far more harm-
ful to their cause than simply allowing the traditional
bloodbaths in the jungle to continue.

Scariet SCREENS

The current conflict is being fought almost en-
tirely by proxy, as Scarlet Screens are maneuvered
against each other. The penangallan have been more
reluctant to lead attacks since realizing (to the sur-
prise of their more traditional members) that military
encampments, especially those commanded by the
occasional dhampyr or accompanied by a Shih, can be
extraordinarily lethal.

Most of the urban Kuei-jin involved in the struggle
operate out of cities in Thailand, including Bangkok,
Khorat and Ubon Ratchathani (near the border with
Laos). Many of these are males who feel marginalized
by the jungle queens, but urban women are also in-
volved. These urban Scarlet Screens receive stolen
treasures from the Cambodian and Laotian militaries
as well. as numerous private expeditions, and arrange
for them to be shipped to the bazaars in Bangkok
where wealthy Westerners await.

The penangallan have long relied on local peas-
ants, but have recently begun calling on the numer-
ous rogue Khmer Rouge units still at large in Cam-
bodia, which have staged several pitched battles
with RCAF (Royal Cambodian Armed Forces) units
"protecting" (i.e. looting) sacred sites. The queens
have also established some Scarlet Screens among
the Thai police (to control smuggling), the RCAF
(to stop the looting) and even among conservation
organizations (to bring international pressure to
bear). These have met with limited success so far,
and the jungle queens have not fully considered the
long-term implications, but it is unlikely that they
will be able to turn the tide without more influence
in the mortal world.

See Kindred of the East, pp. 163-165 and 177-
180, and Kindred of the East Companion, pp. 29-31,
for more information on the Golden Courts.

Tuanom CuarusaTHjem,
The Auspjcjous GamBLeR

Background: Wealth or danger — Thanom never
could decide which he liked best. An ambitious hus-
tler and con man on the streets of Bangkok, he often
walked right into dangerous situations and bluffed his
way through. Itwas inevitable that one day he'd bite
off moré'than. he could chew. He'd heard that the
jungles were dangerous, so on a bet he headed out into
the verdant green hills, confident that he would sur-
vive for three days and then head back to Bangkok to
claim his prize.

He didn't last a single night. Captured by villagers
and taken to their penangallan, he was tortured and
sacrificed in a bloody ritual. So great was his rage at
losing his bet that he didn't stay long in the Hell of
Contemplation of the Self. Hedidn't have eternity to
waste. His arrival as a chih-mei markedsthe beginning
of a brief rampageyamong the poor inhabitants of
Bangkok butThanom was quickly taken in hand and.
taught how to behave.

Hungry for revenge, Thanom worked to expand
the education and urbanization of Thai society. He
knew the penangallan were virtually impregnable in
their jungle homes, but he also realized that the
conflict between their primitive ways and modern
economics would eventually prove their-indoing:
When peasants began looting Khmer temples across
the border in Cambodia, Thanom saw an opportu-
nity. He quickly sponsored a number of smuggling

King Srreers

operations, which delighted him with the wealth
they transported out of the jungles and the impotent
rage he knew the queens would be feeling:

When the penangallan began to. strike back,
Thanom armed his.men. He has even offered his
services as a guide (who insists on sleeping alone
during the day and travelling only atnight) on several
expeditions. Hehas yet to face a penangallan in direct
combat, but he's hoping he woft't have to wait much
longer.

Image: Thanom is a Thai of ufiprepossessing ap-
pearance. In Bangkok, he wears Western clothing and
presents himself as_a successful businessman; in the
jungles, he masquerades as a slightly €e¢entric guide
and wears little besides a loincloth, a cotton shirt,
sandals and his gun-belt.

Roleplaying Hints: You used to have only two
passions in life — money and, danger. Now that
you've returned from Hell, you have a third: revenge.
You are obsessed with finding the penangallan who
ended your life.

Haven: Thanom makés his lair in a warehouse
operated by one of his Scarlet Screen smuggling
operations.

Secrets: After privately sponsoring a number of
high-tech jungle explorations, Thanom knows the
location of several as-yet unexplored temples/He
hasn't decided how he'llyuse this. information, but
somehow he will make sure it inflicts the greatest
misery possible on the jungleiqueens.

Influence: Thanom is extending his influence
into the political sphere, sponsoring efforts toreclaim
the jungle and build factories, housing and modern
villages. As the utility of striking at the penangallan
through temple-looting becomes more apparent,
Thanom's influence among the Kuei-jin of Bangkok
(and Thailand) increasés.

Nature: Thrill-Seeker

P'o Nature: The Legalist

Demeanor: Gallant

Balance Yang

Direction: East

Dharma: Howliof the Devil-Tiger 4

Second Breath: 1972

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception, 2yIntelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation
4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Survival 2, Torture 3
Knowledges: Finance3, Law 2, Politics 3
Disciplines: Yang Prana'2y Démon Shintai.4
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Horoscope 3,

Cuapter Two: Srreets oF BLoop
Virtues: Yin 1, Yang 3, Hun 3, P'o 2
Willpower: 7

Pujpur Prama;

Background: All Phibul's life, he had to struggle
to get by. Fever struck him down in his teens, and his
health never recovered. Frailty forced him to give-up
his ambition to become a muay thai kick boxer, but as
it turns out, he found something better: money. Driven
onto the streets to make a living, Phibul discovered a
knack for cutting a deal, haggling a good price, and
keeping his customers coming back.

He soon realized that the big money lay in moving
drugs, but he quailed at the severe penalties‘and high
tisk. Fortunately, Heaven took mercy on his plight.
Thanom Charusathiem, an eccentric entrepreneur,
wanted someone to run some stalls selling antique
statuary. Phibul jumped at the chance. When he
realized that he was actually selling priceless artifacts
looted from the Khmer temples, he hesitated. But he
also recognized that the items weren't literally price-
less; they were just. very expensive. And his commis-
sion made quitea sum.

Phibul has dealt with competitors, occasional raids
by the police and the odd assassination attempt with
his customary good grace and ready smile. His money
has bought him a small mansion, a beautiful wife and
two sons. He doesn't think very much about the
morality of his actions or his increasing ruthlessness;
to do so would be to question the blessings of Heaven.

The secret of his success, he feels, is his habit of
working at least one daya week at one of his marketplace
stalls. He likes to think it keeps his skills sharp. It also
allows him to watch other dealers in action, so he knows
who he needs to recruit and who he needs to eliminate.

65

Image: Phibul is a sickly-looking but perpetually
cheerful man in his mid-thirties. He dresses in expen-
sive Western-style clothes when conducting business
with his partners, but wears old jeans and shirts on
those days when he decides to conduct business at one
of his stalls.

Roleplaying Hints: Business is good. You have
solid connections with the Royal Cambodian Armed
Forces (RCAF) and the Thai police, and a number of
procurers who make large purchases for overseas cli-
ents. You have no interest in preserving important
archaeological sites; that sounds suspiciously like some-
thing a wealthy Westerner would think of.

Haven: Phibul owns a small mansion in one of
Bangkok's better neighborhoods, with servants and a
permanent security staff.

Secrets: Phibul has an intricate knowledge of the
workings of the black market and extensive contacts
with overseas smugglers and dealers in antiquities. He
does not suspect anything supernatural about his busi-
ness, however.

Influence: Phibul isa valued servant of Thanom
Charusathiem, who always listens to his suggestions.
He has some influence in the business community as
a wealthy trader, but-no political connections to
speak of.

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Survivor

Age: 33

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Expression 2, Subter-
fuge 4

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Martial Arts 2, Firearms 4,
Security 3

Knowledges: Computer 1, Finance 3, Law 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 1, Re-
sources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

KuKRiT SoNGKHRAM

Background: The life of a policeman in Thailand
is tough. But Kukrit's father was a policeman, and his
father before him, so he felt that not to follow in their
footsteps would dishonor them. He thinks of his job as
akin to that of a garbage collector; you can never stop
people from producing trash, but if you stop collecting
it, it'll overflow and choke the streets.

Kukrit-had a successful career fighting the drug
trade-in Bangkok, but eventually became too well
known to the syndicates operating in the city, and so
he requested a transfer. He was sent to Aranya Prathet,

just across the border from Cambodia, to help in the
fight against smugglers.

The naked greed of the smugglers appalled him.
How could people destroy the temples and tombs of
their ancestors? Kukrit has never really understood
the motives of the criminals he fights, and'the idea
that some are forced into crime as a way of protect-
ing and caring for their families would not make
sense to him.

Kukrit currently commands a police patrol that
seizes smugglers and busts their warehouses. The vio-
lence his men regularly meet with has surprised him,
and he is trying (so far without success) to organize
multinational, cross-border operations to stop the
smugglers at the source.

Unknown to Kukrit, his entire department is a
Scarlet Screen for a local penangallan. He, his supe-
riors and his men are being manipulated to put
pressure on the governments of Thailand and Cam-
bodia to end the illegal artifact trade. These moves
are meeting with some success in Thailand, but not
in Cambodia. Kukrit's commanding officer recently
suggested an unauthorized expedition to track some
smugglers to their sources. As more and more trea-
sure flows out of the jungles to enrich the crime
be and as the violence escalates, Kukrit finds
this idea increasingly attractive.

Image: Kukrit is a fit and athletic-looking Thai, of
medium height but quite muscular. He is an enthusi-
astic muay thai kick boxer and looks exactly like what
he is—a police hard man, with no sympathy whatso-
ever for criminals.

Roleplaying Hints: Criminals are scum. They
don't respect their ancestors, their fellow man or their

King Sreeers

society. It's your job to do everything you can to stop
them. Youaren't reckless, but you're confident in your
abilities (and those of your men) and you never back
away from your word.
Haven: Kukrit lives in a modest apartment in
Aranya Prathet with his wife and daughter:
Secrets: An expert on the trade in illegal antiqui-
ties, Kukrit is as yet unaware of the presence of
supernatural creatures in the jungles and cities of
Asia. He has extensive knowledge of their mortal
operations and of the drug trade in Bangkok.
Influence: Kukrit is highly respected by his neigh-
bors and his fellow police, and feared by criminals.
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Perfectionist
Age: 30
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Martial Arts 3, Melee 3,
Security 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Investiga-
tion 2, Law 1, Medicine 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Equipment 1, Influence 2,
Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 6

SjNGaAPORE

Singapore is, in many ways, the model modern
nation-state. The tiny island is prosperous and peace-
ful, with one of the lowest crime rates in the industri-
alized world. Criticizing the government is not al-
lowed, chewing gum is illegal and littering carries
heavy penalties. Singaporeans have traded liberty for
prosperity and so far, it's been worth it. There are no
slums, no run-down ghettos or seedy neighborhoods.
The police keep a tight lid on the criminal element
and the market for vice of any sort is small.

Of course, if you lift a rock, you'll find bugs and
worms scurrying for cover. Singapore in the Middle
Kingdom certainly has its dark side — but its denizens
live in corporate boardrooms, penthouses and man-
sions, not in nightclubs.and brothels.

The Lion Court Emperors keep a tight rein on the
city, fearing the penangallan, resenting the Kin-jin
who chose to remain in the city after 1965 (when the
British handed the island back to Malaysia), and
preying on each other: They have also instituted a
policy of welcoming dhampyrs to the city. Over the
last 20 years, Singapore has developed the highest

Chapter Two: Streets oF Boop

concentration of the half-damned children of Kuei-
jin. The Emperors hope to use them as weapons
against the penangallan, but the dhampyrs themselves
are starting to organiz

Crime and vice are expensive, sophisticated af-
fairs in Singapore. The risks are enormous, and so
prices are incredibly high. Workers gamble and drink,
but the drug trade is mostly restricted to wealthy
corporate employees. No direct shipping links exist
between Indonesia and Singapore, and with Malay-
sia only a stone's throw away, smugglers have litele
interest in the island. Those who brave the law,
however, make a huge profit from bringing in drugs,
slaves and videos.

See Kindred of the East, pp. 165 and 179, Kin-
dred of the East Companion, pp. 31-32, and Half-
Damned: Dhampyr, pp. 64-65, for more information
on Singapore.

TRiPLE HaRMONY JNSURANCE UNDERWRITERS

Insurance |
Underwriters

Triple Harmony Insurance Underwriters is a mul-
tinational underwriting firm with extensive opera-
tions throughout Southeast Asia. Specializing in high-
risk technology start-ups, Triple Harmony has been
the savior of more than one failed entrepreneur.

Triple Harmony has offices in the capital cities
and major regional centers of all the Tiger'econo-
mies and weathered the economic crisis of the late
1990s with its reputation intact. Many analysts
have wondered how this privately-owned company
managed to pay out all the claims it did. Those who
wondered too publicly about the company's con-
nections with organized crime were quick to ac-
knowledge the company's probity (after a visit from
its representatives), or to vanish (after a visit from
its representatives).

Triple Harmony is, of course, a Scarlet Screen. It
is run by the Bamboo Princes, who find the access
given to insurance assessors and risk management
specialists a handy source of information. Funded by a
shrewd business plan and the proceeds froma number
of illegal operations (principally corrupt deal-brokering
between governments and contractors), Triple Har-
mony is a name you can trust.

Local hotshots run the organization on a fran-
chise basis, but all books are audited twice a year by
a team from the organization's headquarters in

67

Singapore. Periodically, a management inspection
team will do the rounds, just to keep everyone on
their toes. This team normally consists of Shi
Guanlong and Yan Shijian.

Suj Guaniong, The Virtuous Dragon

Background: Shi Guanlong is one of the many
dhampyrs in Singapore. The son of Tang Yulin, a
Bamboo Prince hacker and financial whiz, Guanlong
is only 43 yearsold but has learned much. Yulin raised
her son alone, wasting no time in educating him on
the dangers faced by the Middle Kingdom as the Age
turns. Infected with his mother's sense of urgency,
Guanlong works as a bodyguard and travelling com-
panion for Yan Shijian. This allows him to travel
throughout Asia on business and to serve as a courier
and troubleshooter for the Bamboo Princes.

Guanlong has little. trouble with his life, but was
poorly socialized by his mother; he fits the stereotype
of the silent bodyguard quite well. He has met other
dhampyrs on his travels but finds little in common
with them. He has no time for personal plots against
hated Kuei-jin or inferior mortals. He focuses on a
greater goal and is unconcerned with recruiting more
dhampyrs to the Princes' cause; he leaves such matters
to others.

Maya Surrita, a dhampyr advisor to Chan Jianglu
(one of Singapore's Golden Lion Emperors), has her
eye on Guanlong and would like to recruit him into
her plan to forestall the coming of the Sixth Age.
Given the similarity between her goals and those of
the Bamboo Princes, she feels her chances of success
are excellent, provided she can overcome Guanlong's
loyalty to his mother. (See Half-Damned: Dhampyr,
p. 65, for more information on Maya Surita.)


68

Guanlong is quite fond of Shijian, the mortal he
protects, and has risked his life for him a number of
times. Shijian is Triple Harmony's best analyst and
information-gatherer, but Tang Yulin is concerned
that her son's selfless dedication may lead him to
carelessly throw his life away defending a useful but
easily replaced mortal. She's not quite sure how to
deal with the situation, but she's considering having
Shijian killed as. a reminder that even the most skilled
mortal is of no real consequence.

Image: Giianlong is an imposing man who appears
to be in his late twenties. He typically dresses in
expensive black suits, with a colored shirt and match-
ing tie. When not on bodyguard duty, he favors casual
clothes that allow him full freedom of movement; he
is always armed.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a loyal soldier. Your,
mother raised you to serve the cause of the Bamboo
Princes, which is to prevent the world from being
stuck in the Sixth Age. You don't hesitate to put
yourself in danger; you're not suicidal, but you realize
that your value comes from selfless service.

Haven: Guanlong lives a nomadic life, in what-
ever apartment or other accommodation Triple Har-
mony provides.

Secrets: As one of Triple Harmony's trouble-
shooters, Guanlong has access to incredibly sensitive
business and financial information-about many com-
panies in Southeast Asia. He also knows many of the
Bamboo Princes' mortal and half-damned operatives,
but few of the Princes themselves.

Influence: Among the BambooPrinces, Guanlong
is regarded as a valuable servant, not an equal. Among
his fellow dhampyrs, he is highly respected and could
exert considerable influence if he chose to.

Nature: Conformist

P'o Nature: The Demon

Demeanor: Director

Age: 43

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3;.Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl'4; Dodge 3
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Melee 3,
Security 4, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Computer 3, Finance 2, Face 1 Investi-
gation 2, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Politics 1

Special Abilities: Passive Joss, Iron Mountain 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Mentor 3, Resources 4
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3,
Po:l

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 8

Kiuuing Srreers
Yan Sujjjan

Background: Shijian is from a wealthy, upper-
middle class Hong Kong family. He studied at the
London School of Economics and was quickly snapped
up by Triple Harmony, who offered him a lucrative
pay package, the opportunity for travel and the
chance to use his skills in both financial analysis and
strategic investment.

Shijian excels at his job and enjoys it immensely.
Recently, however, he has grown disturbed at how
violent Asia has become. At first; he thought it was a
general phenomenon, but some quick research led
him to realize that much of the violence he saw
centered around Triple Harmony assessors as they
traveled through the region. Perplexed, he began
some investigations of his own, and his findings have
startled him:/He is convinced that the owners of the
firmare criminals or terrorists using Triple Harmonyas
a front to gather information about their targets and
generate legitimate revenue.

Consequently, Shijian lives in a state of quiet
terror, He and his bodyguard Shi Guanlong were once
good friends, but now Shijian wonders if Guanlong is
onthe lookout for signs of disloyalty. Shijian recently
bought a black-market pistol and has also begun
making extra copies of the information he records
when inspecting clients. Along with information about
Triple Harmony itself, he has made multiple copies of
these files, with instructions to his solicitors in
Singapore to make the information public upon his
death. So far, his activities and suspicions have re-
mained hidden, but his paranoia is increasing, and the
tisks he takes along with it.


Caapter Two: Streets oF Bioop

Image: Yan Shijian is entering middle age and is
beginning to develop both a stoop and a paunch.
Despite the travel involved, his job is almost com-
pletely sedentary and his well-cut clothes and careful
grooming can't hide his declining health.

Roleplaying Hints: You're scared. Really scared.
You're certain that Triple Harmony is a front com-
pany for some kind of dangerous, illegal business and
you know too. much for them.to.just let you go. You
fear for your life and you're becoming increasingly
paranoid. Even your friends might secretly be watch-
ing you. You can't decide whether telling your wife
would protect or endanger her.

Haven: When not on the road, Shijian lives in a
comfortable apartment in Singapore with his wife and
6-year-old son.

Secrets: Shijian probably knows more about
the business dealings of Triple Harmony's clients
than anyone else in the company. He is aware that
many businesses are concealing transactions and
deals of questionable legality and» could get the
financial and other data to back up any such claims
he cared to make.

Influence: If he were to produce his stash of secret
information on Triple Harmony, Shijian could bring
the company down and expose its unliving controllers
to some unwelcome danger.

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Age: 34

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 2, Expression 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 2, Finance 3,
Investigation 2, Law 1, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Resources 3
Virtues: Conscience 3; Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Humanit
Willpower: 5

e
jnpja.

India is a vast nation, home to approximately
one-sixth of the world's population. From the pov-
erty-stricken beggars who live in garbage dumps to the
freshly-minted millionaires heading software and mo-
tion picture companies and the world-class scientists
produced by its universities, India is a nation on a
collision course with destiny.

The influence of the British is reflected in many
aspects of Indian life, from the nation's fanatical
love of cricket tots civil bureaucracy. But not even
the British could alter the basic character of Indian

69

society, with its rigid caste system and animosity
between Hindu and Muslim.

Indeed, India is something of a crossroads, a hy-
brid mix of East and West. Nowhere is this more
apparent than in its supernatural population. Both
Kuei-jin and Kin-jin call India home and the two
factions have maintained a cautious co-existence for
centuries. The frenzied self-destruction suffered by
many local Ravnos Kin-jin in 1999 (during the so-
called "Week of Nightmares") upset this delicate
balance, as did the massive influx of foreign shen —
chi'n ta, hengeyokai, Kuei-jin and Kin-jin alike. Many
arrangements that had existed for decades or centu-
ries have collapsed. Times are tense in India, and
foreigners are advised to tread carefully.

See Kindred of the East Companion, pp. 32-33,
for more information on India.

"Bouywoon"

The first moving pictures in Mumbai (formerly
Bombay) were shown in 1896. The locals enthusiasti-
cally took to the new form of entertainment and by
the 1920s a strong film industry had been established.
With the introduction of the "talkies," local studios
assured their success with the commercially astute
decision to film in Hindi while the rest of the industry
fragmented into linguistic pockets. By the mid-1930s
film production was rivaling textiles as the city's
largest source of employment.

When India became an independent nation in
1947, Prime Minister Nehru introduced a number of
socialist reforms, which caused massive growth in the
"parallel economy." This in turn made huge sums of
illegal funds available for investment and caused the
collapse of the studio system.

The Indian film industry today is driven by inde-
pendent producers with their own sources of funding.
Ofcourse, much of this money derives from the "Mumbai
Mafia," which uses film production to launder funds.

Several Kuei-jin have created Scarlet Screens in
the Mumbai film industry. Chief among them is Rajiv
Pooviah, with his very own (secret) production facili-
ties. Also prominent ate Rani Chawla, stilla Running
Monkey, who backed the production of several art-
house films that have madea strong impression on the
international scene, and Amir Ratnam, a Bamboo
Prince who has made a number of thinly veiled anti-
establishment propaganda films.

The Beggar King oF Carcurra

Background: The Beggar King has lived in so
many bodies that he has forgotten his original name
and is no longer even certain that he shouldn't call
himself the Beggar Queen. Born into abject poverty in
the slums of Calcutta over 300 years ago, the peasant
who would become the Beggar King lived a short life
of hopeless misery.

70

Put to death for speaking against the caste system,
the Beggar King's soul awoke in Lanka. Overcome by
rage, he took the Second Breath and re-entered the
Middle Kingdom, determined to end the suffering of
his fellow untouchables.

To his distress, however, his corpse had been
thrown into the Ganges and consumed by crocodiles
and he found himself in a strange new body. Even
stranger, his soul was only weakly attached to thisnew
physical shell. He would later learn to call himself a
Yulan-jin, a body jumper. He adapted quickly enough
and passed through the chih-mei stage to become a
follower of the Flame of the Rising Phoenix Dharma.
Although considered heresy in Chinese courts, this
Dharma is very common among India's Hungry Dead.
Despite his body-jumping, the king is dedicated to
continuing his life as one of the poor and so always
returns to that status.

The Beggar King soon realized that, given the
precarious nature of his physical existence, to ensure
his survival he would need to create some kind of
structure that did not rely on his presence to be
effective. He soon became the master of all the beg-
gars, pickpockets, thieves and spies among the un-
touchables and created a myth that the mantle of the
Beggar King passes, at a time of need, to one worthy of
it, who then defends the beggars from those who
would oppress them.

The Beggar King has had no success as yet in
combating India's caste system, but he is a formidable
presence in Calcutta. He has the ears of the leaders of
the poor communities, and they are an excellent
source of information. If you need to know something,
a beggar or street urchin has probably seen or heard of

= Kiuuing Sreers

it. And if a beggar or street urchin has seen it, the
Beggar King will know about it sooner or later.

Image: As a Yulan-jin who is constantly putting
himself in danger, the Beggar King's appearance can
vary widely, and he rarely has the same body for more
than a decade before it gets killed. The Beggar King
always dresses in the rags of the most desperate of
beggars and is rarely anything but filthy.

Roleplaying Hints: You are somewhat schizo-
phrenic and a little paranoid, but truly believe the
dispossessed to be your subjects. You struggle end-
lessly against the caste system that consigns you and
your followers to the bottom of society. You are not
always fully lucid, but your purpose isalways clear.

Hayen: The Beggar King has no permanent ha-
vens, but is generally welcomed wherever he goes
among the poor.

Secrets: If it happens on the streets of Calcutta,
the Beggar King knows about it sooner or later. He has
no interest in the politics of the Kuei-jin, except
insofar as they affect his subjects.

Influence: Given the vast numbers of Indians
living in the slums of Calcutta, and the influence he
wields among them, the Beggar King is easily able to
generate'a riot or demonstration should he feel the
need, He could easily spark an uprising and wouldn't
hesitate to sacrifice many lives for his cause, but he
feels the time is not yet right.

Nature: Caregiver

P'o Nature: The Demon

Demeanor: Architect

Balance: Yang

Direction: East

Dharma: Flame of the Rising Phoenix 3

Second Breath: 1693

Apparent Age: Varies (presently, late 50s)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 5, Leadership 5, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Stealth 5, Survival 5

Knowledges: Medicine 4; Occult 5, Rituals 5
Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Flesh Shintai 4, Obliga-
tion 3, Yang Prana 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Fame 2, Herd 5

Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 6, Hun 5, P'o 5

Willpower: 8

pNpjRa

Background: Indira is perhaps the most fearsome
demon hunter in India. Trained by her grandmother,
herself once a formidable hunter, Indira has been
hunting rogue Kuei-jin and Kin-jin throughout India
for the last six years. She supports herself with freelance


photography and theft from her victims (who are
often quite wealthy).

She was in Calcutta, on the trail of a Ravnos Kin-
jin she suspected of murdering an entire village of
farmers, when the Week of Nightmares struck. Sud-
denly, maddened Kin-jin were on the rampage and it
was all she could do to put them down as quickly as
possible; there was simply no time to worry about
protecting the innocent.

Horrified by what she had seen, Indira decided to
stay in Calcutta for a while, disguised as a beggar, to
see if she could discover anything about the madness
that struck. She has heard stories about a being called
the Beggar King, stories that indicate an elder Kuei-
jin who may know what happened during the Week of
Nightmares. Once she is done in Calcutta (and she's
not too sure when that might be; if her search remains
fruitless for too much longer, she'll move on), she
intends to head to Mumbai; she's heard rumors about
decadent Kuei-jin using the movie studios as a source
of nourishment and influence.

Image: Underneath the layer of dirt and grime,
Indira is an attractive woman in her late twenties.
Only her battle-scarred and hardened body betrays
her calling. When not in disguise, she prefers tradi-
tional clothes in bright colors; when on a hunt, she
favors dark-colored military-style dress.

Roleplaying Hints: Try to maintain a sense of
humor about what you do. You have nothing against
the shen in general, only those who overstep their
bounds. These, you regard as little more than rabid
animals to be put down. You're not certain that you
enjoy your calling, but you don't think you're fit for an.
office job.

Haven: Whatever city she travels to, Indira lives
in a rented apartment in a working-class area.

Secrets: Indira knows a great deal about the
comings and goings of Kuei-jin within India, but
little else.

Influence: Minimal. She is an outsider (and a
threat) to the Kuei-jin, whose most likely reaction to
her presence is to fight or flee. She has no influence in
the mortal world.

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Survivor

Age: 23

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 5, Intimida-
tion 2, Streetwise 3,

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Martial Arts 4, Melee 5,
Security 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Occult 4
Special Abilities: Qiao of the Feng 3, Qiao of the I
Shen 2, Qiao of the Meng 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Favors 1, Mentor 2, Re-
sources 2,

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Rajiv Poovian, Tt DEMon of a
Tuousann NjguTmares

Background: Rajiv Pooviah was a pimp, though
no one called him that in polite society. As an atten-
dant for a high-caste government official in the Raj,
his duties included finding suitable young ladies to
serve as maids, cleaners and secretaries for his em-
ployer, his employer's guests, visiting dignitaries and
so on.

What did it matter if their tastes were a little
eccentric? Such sophisticated individuals were be-
yond base pleasures like sex. They generally pre-
ferred the thrill of the hunt. Few things proved more
invigorating than pursuing a young maid across one's
estate. The visitors from England went so far as to
venture that it was more bracing than fox hunting.
One fateful night, however, Rajiv was caught sam-
pling the wares. There was, of course, only one
suitable punishment. That very evening, Rajiv dis-
covered that the hunt was not so much invigorating
as terrifying, not bracing but fatal.

Even as death»sent Rajiv's soul screaming to
Lanka, the Demon City of the Rakshas, Rajiv was
gathering his strength for revenge. After being hunted
through the ruins of this once-potent hell for a
decade or so, he had had enough. Recognizing the
illusory nature of all reality, he re-entered the Middle


72

Kingdom. With a new invention, the camera, he
ruined the lives and reputations of those who had so
casually discarded him.

Fascinated by pictures and (in time) movies, Rajiv
came to Mumbai just as it was becoming one of the
great film-making cities of the world. As well as his
interests in legitimate film companies, Rajiv controls
a number of production houses that specialize in films
appealing to more refined sensibilities. He is deeply,
offended by phrases such as "snuff film" and "kiddie
porn." His films are art, each and everyone:

Image: Rajiv is a darkly handsome Indian appar-
ently in his early to mid-fifties. He dresses in the most
expensive designer labels and lives a life of luxury and
excess. The thing most people remember about Rajiv
is his eyes. Bottomless pits of contempt for humanity,
their stare has been known to terrify the most ruthless
businessmen and the most hardened killers:

Roleplaying Hints: You are utter scum. Mon-
strously corrupt, you hide your evil behind the face of
a handsome, successful, eccentric film-maker, known
only to a very few of the most well-placed insiders in
Mumbai, and to your special clients. You're very well
connected, with Scarlet Screens in prostitution, drugs,
slavery and the trade in human body parts.

Haven: Rajiv has a mansion on the outskirts of
Mumbai, and a holiday house in Calcutta. Both have
heavily fortified vaults.

Secrets: It's surprising just who comes to Mumbai
for a special screening. Rajiv has entertained numer-
ous influential guests, mortal and otherwise, who trust
his discretion completely. Were he to reveal the
secret requirements of his clients, he would not live
long, but their reputations and possibly their lives
would likewise be forfeit.

Kinng Srreers

Influence: Rajiv is not terribly popular among his
fellow Kuei-jin, who find him less than enlightened.
Nevertheless, his hospitality, discretion and "open-
mindedness" have made him many friends. He also
has considerable pull in the film industry, local gov-
ernment and criminal syndicates in Mumbai.
Nature: Deviant
P'o Nature: The Slave
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Balance: Yang
Direction: South
Dharma: Dance'of the Thrashing Dragon 4
Second Breath: 1896
Apparent Age: mid-50s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma'4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 4, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 4, Performance 2, Security 4, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Finance 2, Occult 4, Rituals 3
Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Demon Shintai 3, Flesh
Shintai 2, Yang Prana 2
Backgrounds: Alliés 3, Horoscope 2, Resources 4
Virtues: Yin 3, Yang 6, Hun 4, P'o 5
Willpower: 7

CaljFoRNjA AND THE
Great Leap Outwarps

The Green Courts of Korea have not remained
inactive while the Quincunx occupied itself with the
Great Leap Outwards. As always, however, the Green
Courts have their own agenda, and it has little in
common with that of their Chinese neighbors. The
Green Ancestors were concerned that the Parallel
Path would lose some of its utility if America became
safe territory.

Following the establishment of the New Prom-
ise Mandarinate, the Green Courts' fears have been
realized. A flow of Kuei-jin to California has begun,
which some see as a more desirable place to disap-
pear than Korea. The Green Courts have countered
by contrasting the safety of the Parallel Path, based
onvits long history, with the dangers of America,
based on that nation's proximity to so many rela-
tively unknown factions and powers. They have
also begun sending discreet teams of Kuei-jin to
America, with instructions to destroy the tenuous
peace agreements and return the Mandarinate toa
state of war.

See Shadow War, pp: 83-95, and Nights of Proph-
ecy, pp. 52-60, for more information on the Great
Leap Outwards.


Chapter Two: Streets or Bioop

The Green Tigers

The Green Tigers have been together as a wu for
over fifty years. Led by Roh Ju-yung, they were the
first Korean wu to move to America. Each member
made his or her own way to Los. Angeles and set up his
own havens, Scarlet Screens and contacts with both
Kuei-jin and Kin-jin before meeting formally for the
first time in this strange land. They have established
a smuggling pipeline to Koreay become the hidden
patrons of several local merchant organizations and
martial arts schools, and engaged in covert operations
to disrupt the New Promise Mandarinate.

Their position, nevertheless, is precarious. They
are trying to play the Asians against the Americans,
and skilled manipulators are operating on_all sides.
The Green Tigers enjoyed their greatest success in
preventing a wu from Beijing's Blood Court— The
Five-Fold Devil Club from establishing Los Ange-
les International Airport as its domain, which would
have virtually guaranteed the Chinese a safe means of
bringing reinforcements into the country.

The members of the wware:

¢ Roh Ju-yung (Resplendent Crane): Ju-yung
has created a sphere of influence for himself among
the artisans and political leaders of the Korean com-
munity (see main text).

¢ Kim Jisun (Devil-Tiger): Jisun has taken con-
trol of a number of influential police and judges. She
concentrates her efforts on using the law to harass
members of the Mandarinate and undermine their
trust in each other.

e Ahn Doo-hwan (Song of the Shadow): A
patron of the arts and a formidable sorcerer, Doo-
hwan has established himself behind the local Korean
Cultural Association. He seeks to strengthen the
political influence of the Korean community, as a tool
to bring pressure to bear on the Mandarinate.

¢ Yi Jung-ah (Thousand Whispers): Jung-ah has
infiltrated the local gambling and prostitution rack-
ets, using her considerable powers of persuasion and
seduction. She is building up an independent power
base and disputing the locals' control.

© Cho Chae-kyu (Thrashing Dragon): A master
of Taekwondo, Chae-kyu has set up Scarlet Screens in
several local martial arts schools and street gangs. He
uses their muscle to disrupt the Kin-jin's street-level
operations, hoping that the Kin-jin will mistake his
pawns for tools of the Chinese.

Row ju-yung, THe jape BiacksmjtH
Background: In his mortal days, Roh Ju-yung was
the son of a blacksmith. He learned the family trade
and eventually inherited the forge. When the Manchus
invaded in 1637, they ordered him to make blades for
them. He refused; and as punishment the Chinese
killed his family before his eyes» He returned to the

forge and began making the lowest-quality blades he
could manage. Eventually, the Chinese realized what
he was doing and crucified him.

Ju-yung had always been a quiet, peaceful man.
But whenhe awoke in Hell, his P'o screamed loud and
long, and has been screaming ever since. It did not
take him long to escape, and ever since drawing the
Second Breath he has fought to keep Korea in Korean
hands. When the Green Courts began their policy of
neutrality and set up the Parallel Path, Ju-yung enthu-
siastically supported it. He acted asa guide and a guard
and was happy to be doing what he could to ensure his
homeland's security and independence.

With the Great Leap Outward, Ju-yung saw a new
danger. If the Quincunx could establish a solid strong-
hold in America, it would quickly grow even more
powerful. He requested leave of the Green Courts to
lead his wu on an expedition to the Americas, to
observe the situation and protect the ancestors' inte:
ests. His petition was granted, and he led the Green
Tigers. wu to the foreign land. They quickly estab-
lished themselves among the Korean population of
Los Angeles, and have concentrated on establishing
smuggling routes between America and Korea. They
tried. to maintain an appearance of neutrality in the
struggles between the Kin-jin and the Kuei-jin invad-
ers while disrupting the plans of both sides as much
possible. Now that the two warring sides hz tab-
lished a rough peace, Ju-yung is doing all he can to
destroy it.

Image: Ju-yung isa heavily-built Korean who dresses
simply:in modern, working-class clothes. He keeps his
emotions and opinions largely to himself, but will
brook no argument or interference with his plans.


74

Roleplaying Hints: You hate the Chinese and the
Japanese. You are supremely indifferent to the Ameri-
cans who surround you, but you acknowledge that
they make useful dupes. Your purpose in America is to
disrupt the plans of the Quincunx, a task you handle
with relish.

Haven: Ju-yung has a subterranean chamber in
the forge of a traditional Korean blacksmith who turns
out expensive, hand-forged swords and other artifacts
for collectors.

Secrets: Ju-yung is well-informed on the plans of
the Kuei-jin in America, but knows little about the
activities of the Kin-jin. His knowledge of events in
Korea is considerable but several years out of date.

Influence: Ju-yung is trying to position the Green
Tigers as a group of outcasts fleeing prosecution in the
"old world" of Asia; among Anarchs opposed to the
Quincunx, their reputation (and influence) is growing.
Nature: Martyr
P'o Nature: The Bandit
Demeanor: Visionary
Balance: Balanced
Direction: Center
Dharma: Way of the Resplendent Crane 6
Second Breath: 1649
Apparent Age: mid-40s
Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 6
Talents: Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 5, Leader-
ship 5
Skills: Craft (blacksmith) 5, Etiquette 4, Melee 5,
Stealth 2
Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Occult 3
Disciplines: Demon Shintai.4, Internalize 5, Iron
Mountain 2, Jade Shintai 3, Yin Prana 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Horoscope 3,
Resources 3
Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 5, Hun 6, P'o.7
Willpower: 9

CHo Cuar-xyu

Background: All his life, Chae-kyu had to fight to
get by. Smaller than most of the other children in the
village, he took lessons with a local master at his
parents' urging. Soon enough, he was able to defend
himself more than adequately, and as he entered his
teens, all he wanted to do was fight. He became a
regular on Seoul's underground fight circuit and re-
corded a creditable but not exceptional career. But
fighting is a young man's game, and it makes men old
very quickly. A recurring knee injury ended Chae
kyu's fighting days, leaving him with nothing.

Crime seemed the obvious option, so he started
work as an enforcer. He was pretty good, but one day

jing SrReeTs

he picked a fight with the wrong man and ended up
tied on a set of railway tracks. Chae-kyu refused to
take his messy death lying down. As soon as he
returned from the Hell of Being Cut to Pieces, he
demonstrated to his killers a fair approximation of the
tortures he had suffered there.

Having avenged his demise, Chae-kyu was con-
tent to fight and brawl, until he came to the notice of
an elder Kuei-jin by the name of Roh Ju-yung. Ju-yung
helped instill a sense of nationalism in Chae-kyu, and
also taught him how to use his martial arts as a way of
focusing his soul. Chae-kyu took up tae kwon do and
has become a deadly exponent of it.

Recently, the Green Tigers moved to Los Angeles
to see if they could do anything to disrupt the
Quincunx's plans. Chae-kyu has no interest in the
politics of the situation, only in doing everything
possible to hurt the Chinese. He has become influen-
tial in the Korean martial arts community of greater
Los Angeles, and recently formed a syndicate to bring
select students into the illegal fighting circuit.

Image: Chae-kyu looks like a brawler, with a
chunky frame, spiky hair and permanent scowl. He
dresses in the clothes of a street tough (jeans, combat
boots, leather jacket), but his demeanor changes when
he is practicing tae kwon do or actually in combat;
only then does he seem to be at peace.

Roleplaying Hints: Your whole life, you've been
fighting opponents bigger than you, and you love it.
You like to know the odds before you get into a
confrontation, so if you choose to start something,
you never back down.

Haven: Chae-kyu has made his haven in the base-
ment of a house owned by Richard Kim, a loyal tae
kwon do instructor who knows his new master's plans.


Cuaprer Two: Streets or BLoop

ng cadre of dedicated youth
at his command, Chae-kyu is well informed about
the activities of local gangs and criminals; as the
organizer of an illegal fighting syndicate, he is also
well connected to the organized' ¢rime groups who
control the circuits

Influence: Chae-kyu is gaining considerable in-
fluence among the "moms and pops" of LA's Korean.
community. He teaches their children to respect (and
defend) themselves and is a model of propriety, even
if his hours are a little eccentric. He has yet to gain
significant influence on the fight circuit.
Nature: Monster
P'o Nature: The Slave
Demeanor: Trickster
Balance: Yang
Direction: South
Dharma: Dance of the Thrashing Dragon 5
Second Breath: 1965
Apparent.Age: mid-20s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception. 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 5, Empathy 2, Intimida-
tion 4
Skills: Etiquette 2, Martial Arts 5,Melee 5, Stealth 3,
Torture 1
Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Occult 2, Politics 3
Disciplines: Equilibrium 1, Black Wind 2, Demon
Shintai 1,.Bone Shintai 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Herd 2, Jade Talisman 3
Virtues: Yin 2, Yang 5, Hun 5, P'o 4
Willpower: 8

Lee Young=ji (Maggje Lee)

Background: Maggie Lee grew up as a typical
American teenager. Her parents run a successful Ko-
rean restaurant, and she used to hate being Korean.
Allshe wanted was to have blonde hair, blue eyes, fair
skin. Instead, she had black hair, brown eyes and
sallow skin. She didn't care about thousands of years
of cultural history or the pride she could have takenin
her ancestors',achievements. She could see that
America was better. Why should a cruel accident of
birth deny her what she wanted more than anything
else in the world?

Maggie kept running away from home and getting
into fights at school. Her teachers said she was a
problem student and suggested special education. She
somehow made it through, school in spite of her
difficulties, butsafter graduation she started hanging
around with the local toughs and ended up being
arrested on minor drug possession charges. Her family
was horrified. Fortunately, a wise ancestor named Kim.
Jisun arrived from Seoul, and she took theit wayward

daughter in hand. The turn-around in Maggie's be-
havior has been remarkable. Jisun gave Maggie (or
Young-il, as she prefers to call herself now) a job (with
unspecified duties, but her grateful parents weren't
about to ask questions) and a place to live. Maggie
visits her parents every week and seems to have be-
come the model daughter.

In reality, Jisun is a member of the Green Tigers
wu, and Young-il is one of her recruits. Her strong
will had to be broken (by a comparatively trivial
display of power), but she has been a smart, loyal
servant ever since. She now heads a gang of tough,
street-smart girls and young women who engage in
small-scale racketeering, drug dealing and protec-
tion scams. Jisun is thinking of trading Young-il to
Cho Chae-kyu for another, comparable servant; the
girl is excellent breeding stock, and Chae-kyu has
been musing about the value of a dhampyr servant
for some time now.

Image: Young-il is a pretty Korean girl in the
bloom of early womanhood. Her eyes, however, have
a hint of madness in them. She dresses in the most
expensive street fashions and loves playing her good
girl/bad girl routine.

Roleplaying Hints: This is great! You're getting
paid to hang out, steal stuff, occasionally seduce a
feeb or twoand tell lies to your parents. Jisun is scary,
and you're not sure you believe the supernatural shit
she told you, but why question a good thing? Any-
way, seeing her use those icky powers once was more
than enough... it's probably best not to think about
it too much.

Haven: Young: il lives ina well-appointed apart-
ment near her parents' house. (They'd spit if they saw
all the cool stuff she's got now.)


76

Secrets: Young-il keeps her ear to the ground, and
tells Jisun quite a bit about local gang politics and
criminal activities.

Influence: Young-il has become an influential
member of the Korean gang community, though much
of that respect comes from the veil. of threat that
surrounds her patron.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Rebel

Age: 19

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 1, Expression 2, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Performance 3
Knowledges: Computer 1, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Mentor 3, Resources 3
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 3
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 5

He, on Eartu

The Yomi World may be far removed from nightly
life on the streets, but it is making progress. The
everyday suffering of the poor and the hopeless calls
Hell to Earth, slowly creating corrupted blights called
broken mirrors. These areas are borderlands between
the material and the infernal, places where the battle
against the Sixth Age has already been lost.

The Wicken Grx

Mikaboshi, Yama King of the Wicked City, is
pleased with his progress and has:every reason to be.
Every frustrated corporate worker, every transaction on
the stock exchange, every hostile takeover, urban de-
velopment and new factory adds to his domain. As the
Middle Kingdom is urbanized and corporatizéd, so too
does the Wicked City grow. It is growing so fast and so
strong, in fact, that in certain places and at certain
times, parts of the Wicked City manifest on Earth.

It happens slowly. An area, whether a corporate
precinct, a slum on the outskirts of a major industrial
area or an entire major industrial region, becomes
more and more like the Wicked City. The regulations
squeeze tighter. The bosses are a little crueler, the
workers a little more desperate. As the atmosphere of
despair and frustration becomes stronger, the barrier
between hell on Earth and genuine Hell weakens.
And if the flow of Chi is wrong, the misery unbear-
able, the suffering unimaginable, the Wicked City
itself comes to town.

It might only be a single office, cubicle or tene-
ment building, but the place affected becomes part of

King Streets

Mikaboshi's realm. In effect, it exists in both the
Middle Kingdom and the Wicked City. Spirits and
torment flow from one side to another. Devils come to
town and humans end up stuck in Hell itself.

Tales of people vanishing into the bowels of the
city, workers committing suicide at their desks, going
berserk and sending viruses or pornography over com-
puter networks, managers having breakdowns in board
meetings, corporate consultants advising companies
to make massive staff cuts, finance departments en-
gaging in ruthless takeovers — in a truly wicked
feedback loop, all these and more have resulted from
mergers between the Middle Kingdom and the Wicked
City, and helped create the link in the first place.

The courts of the Hungry Dead only took notice of
this phenomenon in the late 1990s, and to say it
causes them grave concern is. a major understatement.
Some Kuei-jin have taken it asa sign that the Sixth
Age is already upon the Middle Kingdom, others as
further proof that modern ways (particularly technol-
ogy, bureaucracy and lack of respect for traditions) are
inherently corrupt. "Outbreaks" of this overlap be-
tween the Middle Kingdom and the Wicked City have
been recorded in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Jakarta and
Mumbai, but many fear these are just the beginning
of a major intrusion of the Yomi World into the
Middle Kingdom.

The overlap phenomenon has also fuelled in-
creased efforts against the Bamboo Princes, who are
seen as dupes of Mikaboshi. The more reasonable
Kuei-jin grudgingly admit that they are unwitting
dupes, but this simply adds ignorance to their litany
of crimes and further raises sentiment against them.
Calls have already come for the declaration of all
Bamboo Princes as akuma. So far, moderate heads
have prevailed, but if these manifestations con-
tinue, the tide of opinion is likely to take a more
extreme turn.

See the Appendix, p. 104; for rules and further
information on this phenomenon. See Kindred of the
East, pp. 30 and 185, and The Thousand Hells, pp.
36-37 and 51-53, for more information on Mikaboshi
and the Wicked City.

Corporate CoNsULTjNG

ORPORATE
ONSULTING

Corporate Consulting (CC) is a major corporate
training company headquartered in Shinjuku, Tokyo.
It specializes in advising companies on how to merge,
acquire, divest, restructure, downsize and streamline
their operations. Companies typically engage con-
sultants from CC when they are looking to cut costs

Streets oF Bioop _

and improve their share price. A team of two to five
analysts spends anywhere from a week to several
months at the client company with carte blanche to
talk to staff, view sensitive records and plans and take
part in regular company meetings:

Typically, the @C reps hold an on-site meeting
with senior management to present their prelimi-
nary analysis of the company, then return to their
own offices where they draw up.a plan of action.
When the plan is ready, it is double-checked and
presented to the client. Any amendments are. made
following a final audit, and then the real work be-
gins. CC brings in consultants and expert accoun-
tants, lawyers, trainers, project managers, motiva-
tional speakers, labor relations experts and other
staff as needed to effect their changes. Most compa-
nies report»improved performancel/and a healthy,
benefit to the bottom line.

Most companies don't report that they've been
taken to the cleaners by one of Mikaboshi's best
operators. CC is a Scarlet Screen for Ryuichi
Hachimoto, an akuma who gave his soul'to the lord
of the Wicked City over a century ago Bored with
his success in corrupting individuals, Ryuichi saw a
chance to act on a much larger scale in the rise of
corporate culture in Japan after World War II. He
founded Corporate Consulting. .as.a.manpower re-
cruiting firm and still has subsidiaries specializing
in these areas.

CC's techniques are very effective. Their real
goal, of course, is to create low morale among workers
(which is subtly blamed on poor management), dis-
trust among management (which is subtly blamed on
senior management) and outright fear among senior
management (which is blamed on greedy sharehold-
ers or boards of directors). Of course, the mass firings
that often follow CC's involvement with a company
are just another happy side effect. Companies) are
generally encouraged to outsource any physical pro=
duction to underdeveloped countries with cheap la-
bor, boosting unemployment in the home country and
contributing to the misery of oppressed sweatshop
workers in the Third World.

CC is legally owned by the Toda family, who are
proud to have three generations involved in the busi-
ness. A thriving operation, CC has absorbed a number
of competing firms and is growing at a steady pace.
Ryuichi's next concern is to expand the company's
holdings in construction and education in Japan. He's
keen to start really building the nation's future, and to
help educate its youth.

Ryujcnj Hacnjmoro

Background: The businessman who calls himself.
Ryuichi Hachimoto was born almost two centuries
ago in Shimonoseki. The son of a wealthy merchant,
Ryuichi took the family business firmly in hand and

after running it for a few years, became extremely
wealthy. Feeling that he had done all he could in the
trading game, he'turned to politics. Not being samu-
rai, he could not actually. govern, but he realized that
he didn't need to have his hands directly on the levers
of power to exert influence. He became a master at
loaning funds to samurai, then calling in favors in
exchange for forgiving debts. Soon, he was the most
influential man in the city, but he made one small
oversight: he forgot that samurai were proud and hot-
tempered. One evening, as he made his way home
from an evening witha geisha, he was set upon by the
retainers of alocal samurai offended by his success.
The thugs beat him to death.

Awakening in the Hell of No Money, Ryuichi
immediately set about turning the situation to his
advantage. He realized that he would not be able to
survive the punishments of the hell with his mind
intact.for more than a few decades, so he began
planning his escape. Gathering a group of desperates
around him, he used them as cannon fodder and
distractions as he traded, wheeled and dealt towards
his goal. Eventually, he and the last surviving soul
made. it to the threshold of the Middle Kingdom.
Shoving his companion back down the road to Hell,
Ryuichi dove through the gates and heard them slam
shut behind him. He never looked back.

Ryuichi quickly threw in his lot with the mod-
ernist Genji uji, as the Bishamon were clearly far
too hidebound and obsessed with outmoded ideas
about honor and hierarchy. He became interested
in industry and his Scarlet Screens made great sums
of money, but he was not satisfied. The only real
measure of success was domination over others, and
he felt constrained by the rules of war imposed by
the courts.


78

His contempt grew, until eventually he realized
that only Mikaboshi understood the direction of the
Great Wheel's turning. Offering himself to the Lord
of the Wicked City was just another move intended to
ensure his own eventual triumph.

His latest venture, CC, has given-him the oppor-
tunity to spread the influence of the Wicked City
across Japan, and he is considering opening branches
in the USA and Singapore. Ultimately, Ryuichi wishes
to become a Yama King himself. Mikaboshi is aware of
this and has decided to hold Ryuichi where he can
keep aclose eye on him.

Image: Ryuichi isawell-dressed, carefully groomed
businessman. He favors handmade, understated suits
of the highest quality fabric and most flattering cut for
his generous frame. His manners are impeccable and
his knowledge of corporate etiquette extensive. Some-
how, he always seems to know just what to say to put
people at their ease.

Roleplaying Hints: There's no other way to put it
— you're a snake. You happily lie; cheat, steal, mur-
der, corrupt and manipulate to get what you want,
with a firm handshake and a winning smile. Most of
your victims can't even see you coming, but even
when they do, they're usually so hypnotized by your
charm and apparently deep-seated sense of ethics that
they can only watch helplessly as you bend them to
your purposes.

Haven: Ryuichi lives in an expensive pent-
house apartment in Tokyo. He also has emergency
bolt-holes in Shinjuku, the Ginza and the Narita
Airport complex.

Secrets: Ryuichi knows much about his fellow
Genji, but only feigns interest in his uji's affairs. In
recent decades he has focused his mind on the intrica-
cies of large corporations and their financial dealings.
In this area, his knowledge is unsurpassed. He is aware
of the existence of a high-tech police unit (Strike
Force Zero) but has so far been unsuccessful in his
efforts to gain any concrete information about it.

Influence: Ryuichi's influence over corporate
Japan is considerable, as most company directors and
managers eagerly read the magazine columns and
academic papers produced by CC. He is a darling of
the more ruthless Genji but is despised by those
whose idea of progress involves changes to Japan's
current direction.

Nature: Director

P'o Nature: The Monkey

Demeanor: Autocrat

Balance: Balanced

Direction: East

Dharma: akuma of Mikaboshi (believed to be aShadow
Song jina)

Second Breath: 1837

Kiuuing Srreers

‘Apparent Age: early 50s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Performance 3
Knowledges: Academics 3, Bureaucracy 3, Computer I,
Investigation 3, Law 1, Occult 3, Politics 4, Rituals 3
Disciplines: Demon Shintai 3, Ghost-Flame Shintai
2, Hellweaving 3, Internalize 2, Yang Prana 3, Yin
Prana 3

Investments: The Savage Kiss

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Herd 3, Influence
2, Resources 5

Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 5, Hun 4, P'o 5

Willpower: 9

Tue He or Burrowing Maggots

The Yama Kings are aware of the Wicked City's
success in breaking through into the Middle King-
dom. Allare jealous, but not many are in a position to
emulate Mikaboshi's achievement. After all, it's diffi-
cult to imagine any way in which the Hell of Boiling
Oil or the Hell of Being Skinned Alive could manifest
on Earth. The Hell of Burrowing Maggots, however, is
not so alien to the Middle Kingdom. Rangda, the
Mistress of Pestilence, sees the trash heaps of major
Asian cities and the poor who dig through them as a
ripe recruiting ground. She also works in deep jungles
and toxic spill zones. Everywhere disease grows, so
does Rangda's power.

Her servants have not been idle. The slums of
Mumbai and Calcutta, the villages of Laos and Cam-
bodia and the depths of the jungles of Southeast Asia
have suffered outbreaks of disease the likes of which
have not been seen for some time. The bubonic plague
is rumored to have returned to India and the maggots
that infest the garbage dumps seem to be getting
bigger all the time.

Mikaboshi's moves into the urban landscape are
much more organized than Rangda's, but hers are
more widespread. Almost every Asian city has an
inhabited dump where parts of the Hell of Burrowing
Maggots seep through.

See Appendix, page 104, for more on this process.
See also Kindred of the East, p. 30, and The Thou-
sand Hells, pp. 38-40 and 55-56, for more on Rangda
and the Hell of Burrowing Maggots.

juny Bachan

Background: It's hard to make a living as a
beggar on the streets of Mumbai. So hard that some
get tired of begging, and sell the only thing they own
— their bodies. Juhi is one of millions of young

women working as prostitutes, and like most of them,
she takes little care of her health.

She was surprised one day when her pimp
brought her to a fancy hotel room and told her to do
whatever her client wanted. The client didn't in-
troduce himself, simply told her to strip and lie
down on the floor. Juhi doesn't really remember
what happened next, and she wouldn't believe the
truth if someone told her. After all, who would
believe that a human being could turn into a giant
maggot and still need the services of a prostitute?
Nobody. But the nightmares about the giant, pul-
sating slug with soft skin, a nauseating stench and
burning semen keep coming. Every night, Juhi sees
herself giving birth to a giant worm, shitting mag-
gots and picking lice from her skin. Every morning
she scrubs herself almost raw. Her pimp became so
wortied about her obsessive cleanliness that he
took her to a doctor, but her health was fine —
better than it had ever been, in fact.

Neither the pimp, Juhi norsher doctor know
that Rangda»has made her the carrier of deadly
pestilence. Every customer Juhi has had since be-
ing visited by Rangda's servitor has died of some
awful, highly contagious disease — but working
girls see so many clients, and so many of them are
just passing through, that no one could possibly
make the connection. . Juhi is only contagious to
those she has intercourse with, and otherwise dis-
plays no signs of infection.

Image: Juhi is a pretty young woman of 16 who
appears to be in perfect health, but she's seen enough
horror and suffering to last her a lifetime. She dresses
in cheap traditional garb that accentuates her figure
and has a nervous, flighty manner.

Roleplaying Hints: The nightmares keep com-
ing. Whenever you see grubs or bugs, you get. very
upset and won't rest until they're killed, their bodies
disposed of and any mess or residue cleaned up. Those
terrible nightmares couldn't be true. They just couldn't.
You're a nice girl, you're just down on your luck. Such
monsters wouldn't want someone as ordinary as you...
would they?

Haven: Juhi shares a drab apartment with three
other working girls. She keeps it spotlessly clean.

Secrets: Juhi knows lots of gossip and is privy
to some sensitive information let slip by her
wealthier and more influential clients, but has no
inkling of the supernatural (beyond her own half-
remembered experience).

Influence: It's conceivable that Juhi could black-
mail some of her clients, but she knows that would end
her career as a prostitute, and most likely her life.

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Child
Age: 16
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 1, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Medicine 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources |
Willpower: 6

Powers: A sexual partner of Juhi's, regardless of
the form. of sex act, runs the risk of contracting a
deadly disease. The partner must roll Stamina
against a difficulty of 7; five successes are required
to avoid becoming infected. Four succ leaves
the partner with a life-threatening disease like
malariavordysentery. Any fewer successes leads to a
virulent fataliaffliction like bubonic plague, chol+
era or typhoid. Subsequent sex acts require a similar
roll, with a cumulative penalty of +1 to the diffi-
culty. Note that different diseases have different
incubation times, so the effects may not be immedi-
ately apparent. The Hungry Dead are generally
immune to this effect, although permanently Yang-
unbalanced Kuei-jin should still roll to see if they
become carriers.



ENAPTERK THREE:
STORYFECLCING

An athlete may run ten thousand miles to prepare

for one hundred yards.

— Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing

Tue Story so Far:
JNTRODUCTFON

All the information presented so far is intended to
aid.you, the Storyteller, in running an urban crime
Kindred of the East game. But more important than
all the information on real-world criminals or fic-
tional vampiric activities is the effort you put into
making your game and your stories unique. That's
what this chapter is for: to help you put together an
unforgettable chronicle, mini-series or one-off game
set on the mean streets of the Middle Kingdom.

Buoopsuckers

Before getting started on the specifics, it's worth
thinking about the setting in broad terms. Vampires
and criminals have much incommon. Both ate outsid-
ers, individuals who operate beyond the bounds of

society. Both congregate in cities, both prey upon
humans. This similarity gives a Storyteller the oppor-
tunity to show the Hungry Dead at their most ex-
treme, operating in an environment that brings all
their worst traits to the fore. There are no wishy-
washy characters or situations in a Killing Streets
chronicle; everyone and everything should be ampli-
fied, bold, larger than life. There is little room for the
social niceties of the courts, or debates on the finer
points of Dharma. The Kuei-jin who inhabit the
streets are smart, ruthless and very, very mean.

Use the setting to show your players this seamy
side of the Middle Kingdom. Much of Kuei-jin soci-
ety is highly formalized and most characters will
have had at least a few interactions with the courts.
Killing Streets offers players a different view, focus-
ing squarely on the dirt under the fingernails, the
skeletons in the closet and the bloodstains under the
carpets of the "civilized" and "enlightened." The

82

living and the dead alike calculate how to cheat,
steal, bribe and kill their way to the top of their
chosen heap. To stand out as @ ménster in such
company is a challenge worthy of the most délitawedi
Kuei-jin; to stand against the tide of moral decay and
open corruption is equally ambitious.

Decjsjons, Decjsjons,

Decjsjons: Getting
STARTED

If you like Hong Kong movies, anime, kung fu
films, horror or crime stories, cyberpunk comics or
supernatural adventures, you already have pretty
much all the knowledge you need to get started.
Killing Streets is about a particular genre of gaming;
you could call it "hard-boiled street-level urban
drama" but essentially, it's about stories that kick ass.
The genre rarely concerns itself with subtle plots
and devious political machinations. It's about hard
people doing hard things in a hard world. That's not
to say that schemes can't be subtle, or that intrigues
are totally out of place. Rather, the emphasis is on
the human side of the equation. Things happen
offstage so their effects can be seen onstage. If a
corrupt politician takes bribes to approve a housing
development, don't show the deal being done, show
the family homes and local neighborhoods being
bulldozed. That's the level of action a Killing Streets
game should aim for.

Delving into the source material is highly recom-
mended. The Introduction (p. 13) contains some
suggestions, but don't limit yourself to these. Read
history books, novels, magazines, travel guides and
newspapers; real-world events and people are just as
interesting and relevant as fictional ones. Asia is a
region undergoing enormous change, and few things
give any game more piquancy than a solid grounding
in contemporary (or historical) events.

With this in mind, start writing down your pre-
liminary ideas. Keep a notepad or folder with you; that
way, if you see something that strikes a chord, or have
a flash of inspiration, you can make a note of it. Even
if an idea doesn't seem immediately useful, you'll have
it on hand later, when it might suddenly fill a gap or
suggest a character or start a story all of its own.

Write down anything you can associate with the
setting. Snatches of conversation, descriptions of a
character, images, sounds, situations, relationships,
plots and intrigues, real-world events and people, neat
artifacts; whatever comes into your head when you
think about the game.

Look over your notes and see if any elements
belong together. Perhaps a couple of characters and
a location may suggest a scene. Or some dialogue

Kaung Sreeers

might link with an image. A newspaper story might
combine with some music and a picture. Don't
worry too much about originality or avoiding cliché
a large part of the preparation for any chronicle is
this continual process of collecting ideas, grouping
them together, looking for contrasts and similari-
ties and connections.

Onée you've worked on your raw ideas, review
them to see if an overall pattern or story or any major
characters seem to be taking shape. There are, broadly
speaking, two kinds of stories: character driven and
plot driven. If you have lots of interesting ideas for
characters and situations, you can use them to build
strong, character-driven stories. If you have ideas for
scenes and broad currents of change and conflict, you
can use them to build plot-driven stories. If you have
a mix, work on them all; eventually you'll decide
which elements have the most potential and concen-
trate on them. Developing plots and characters is
discussed in more detail below (see p. 88-91).

Examp.e: First Steps :

Nick has been running a Kindred of the
East chronicle for a couple of months and he
feels it's time for a change of pace. He's been
concentrating on the more formal and mysteri-
ous aspects of Kuei-jin society, with lots of court
intrigue and some exploration of the spirit world.
He'd like to shake his game up a little. Armed
with a copy of Killing Streets, he starts out by
jotting down some thoughts on the game he's
thinking of running:

¢ Humans at their lowest ebb. Kuei-jin
preying on them.

© Hong Kong: city of bright lights, dark
secrets.

© Local street gang trying to defend turf
from criminals.

© Decaying, disused port facility.

© Running fight at Kai Tak airport.

© Stern Shih warning PCs off (potential
ally/enemy).

© Mandarin with a taste for Min

¢ Ambitious lieutenant ready to betray

s bos:

ceramics.

Already, some ideas for stories are emerg-

nuggled in via
s down at

ing. Ming ceramics are being s
the old port terminal. Something g
Kai Tak involving the lieutenant. The street
gang finds a shadowy protector in the lone Shih,
who holds a dark secret. All of these will need
fleshing out, and some may be changed (or
dropped) entirely, but for now, Nick has enough
to get started with.


Chapter Taneks SroRYTEUNG ro eee

INE~OFF STORjES
anp Exjsting CHRONjcLes

If you want to begin a chronicle from scratch, your
choices are effectively unlimited. Starting with a one-
off story is often a good way to see if you and your
players enjoy the feel of the setting. You can use your
first story as an introduction to a longer chronicle, or
you might decide to set an ongoing chronicle in a
different corner of the East, but to make the events of
your one-off story part of your chronicle's history.

One-offs have the advantage that the stakes can
bea little higher and character death isn't so much of
a problem (just make sure you have a number of
suitable entry points for replacement characters). You
can also create stories with sharper climaxes; if the
players fail to thwart their antagonists, they can suffer
the dire consequences without worrying about the
long-term implications for their characters.

If you're already running a chronicle, you'll need
to decide whether to integrate Killing Streets into it
or to runit as a separate game. Either way, emphasize
the differences between the gritty, dirty and personal
nature of the streets and the more genteel and esoteric
atmosphere of the courts. A separate Killing Streets
game, running as a break from your regular chronicle
(or even concurrently with it), is another possibility.
This set-up gives you the opportunity to tell a story
from two angles, or to flesh out another corner of your
chronicle's setting and history. An awful lot happens
on the streets that the authorities (mortal and super-
natural) never see, which is why so many individuals
flock to them.

So Wuar's jr Au Asour?:
Theme anp Moop

Characters and plot elements are the concrete
building blocks of a story or chronicle, but they don't
function ina vacuum. To build a strong tale, you need
to aim for some sort of effect, to have an idea of what
you want the story to say and what kind of atmosphere
you want to project.

THeme

In the broadest sense, theme is what your chronicle
is about, and it helps give your stories their emotional
weight. A good analogy is the way theme music is used
in film and television. Just as a movie or TV show's
theme music represents its mood, and just as it might
be reprised at critical moments in the story, the theme
of your chronicle is your motif. It should be reprised
when appropriate.

The following themes are especially appropriate
for Killing Streets games:

Honor anp Dury

Much of the source material for Killing Streets
focuses on conflicts between honor and duty. If I
am duty-bound to perform a dishonorable act,
what do I do? This can work quite well for a group
of Kuei-jin, as their responsibilities to their wu,
their court and their Dharmas may all pull them in
different directions.

Stories with this theme often involve innocents
who are in the way of someone's plan. Players might
be asked to murder, rob or kidnap innocent people.
The key is to present a moral dilemma, to catch
players between their sense of right and their sense of
honor, and to make them squirm as they try to
resolve the conflict.

GREED AND CORRUPTION

Everyone has a price. If you decide to use this
theme, make sure your players know that everyone
they meet is for sale — or almost everyone. Constant
betrayal is no fun, after all, so make sure you include
at least one incorruptible character. She doesn't have
to be a "good guy"; she just has to be loyal to her
masters. An incorruptible character shows it's pos-
sible to live a principled life, which throws those who
choose not to do so into sharper contrast.

Tempt your players. Perhaps a rival wants some
information. Nothing damaging or incriminating —
and of course, it'll be worth the character's while. This
situation is how many akuma target the righteous, but
it ties in with the idea of guanxi: Everyone wants
harmony, and refusing requests, especially if they
come with a gift, can be most inharmonious.

Tue Evi. Thar Men Do

All Kuei-jin were mortal once, and mortals can
give free rein to their evil impulses without fearing
their P'o. It's trite but true to say that no scheme
concocted by any immortal has come close to match-
ing the evil perpetrated by a Mao ora Pol Pot. Humans
may not be immortal, but they play the game with a
ferocity most Kuei-jin would be hard-pressed to match.

Perhaps the characters become unwittingly in-
volved ina complex and brutal scheme being master-
minded by a "mere" mortal. Many Kuei-jin have
over-inflated opinions of their own wickedness. Re-
minding them that they don't have a monopoly on
evil presents them with opportunities to reflect on
how much progress towards enlightenment their souls
have actually made.

Where There's Hope, Tere's Ljre

These stories are about brave individuals fighting
the good fight, standing against the tide of evil. It may
not be possible to make the streets of the city safe and
clean, but a character might have some chance of
protecting a neighborhood, school or family. On the

84 King Srreers:

streets, heroism exists side-by-side with terrible char-
acter flaws and moral blind spots. Contract killers
risking their lives for love; corrupt cops making one
last stand for justice; gangsters deciding that the boss's
latest scheme is simply too awful to carry out; all of
these are heroes, of a sort.

Use the contrasts in this type of story to good
effect. Heroes stand as beacons of hope against the
darkness and corruption of the world, but the bright-
est light casts the darkest shadow. All too often, the
darkness surrounding a hero on the Killing Streets
stems from her own weaknesses. Make sure your play-
ers get to see both sides of such characters, then force
them to decide whether the good being done can
excuse or expunge the evil that taints it.

Moop

Try to vary the mood of your chronicle between
stories, sessions and even scenes. It can be quite
effective to run an occasional scene whose mood
contrasts with the overall mood of your story. Doing
this will heighten dramatic tension as your players
wait for the dominant mood to resume. Allowing a
mood to rise gradually will let it infuse and color your
whole story. The following are a few suggestions:

Fear

No one who deals with the criminal underworld
lives without fear. The idea here is to discover what
your players fear and bring it closer and closer. Use
the rules; if a player has to make rolls to avoid wave
soul, it emphasizes the helplessness felt by her char-
acter. Tailor events to the characters' P'o natures for
best effect.

Fear can be a difficult mood to maintain. As ina
good horror movie, ease the mood every so often
with a light-hearted moment (to let the audience
relax), then apply the pressure again twice as hard. If
you expose your players to the source of their fear
without respite, itll lose its power to scare them.
Break it up a little.

Uncerrajnry

This is a tricky mood to pull off, but can be very
rewarding when done effectively. The key is to keep
your players (and their characters) off-balance, never
quite certain who their friends and enemies are and
what's going to happen next, without pulling the rug
out from under them all the time. The trick to this is
to make sure the characters in your story have hidden
but consistent motives. That way, if and when these
folks switch allegiances or go in an unexpected direc-
tion, the players will be able to look back and figure
out why.

Force the players to rely on their wits and their
deductive skills, to get to know the characters in your
story well enough to make judgments about their


Cuaprer Three: STORYTELLING

personalities and motives. Make sure your Storyteller
characters are "real" enough to make such judgments
possible. You want to keep your players guessing at the
real motives of a character, even if they're sure they've
got an ally (or enemy) for the time being.

Despajr

This mood makes a good choice if your players
enjoy, angst. It's time for broken hopes, desperate
schemes and people on the edge — slow death by
apathy and disappointment on the one hand, quick
death by impotent rage and desperation on the other.
Characters shouldn't wear their emotions on their
sleeves, however. Despair should leak from them like
water dripping from a tap until there's nothing left.
Characters in such a state may not respond to danger,
or may risk their lives needlessly in the belief that with
no hope, their fate doesn't matter.

Be aware, though, that despair is like fear = it
wears out quickly. Players get sick of hopeless situa:
tions that are always ground into their faces. The key
is to add some variety and a few glimmers of hope-
Give the players something to strive for in the dark.

Viraujry

Not as odd'a choice as it sounds; where better to
demonstrate the vitality and energy of street life?
After all, it's precisely this energy and vitality that
attracts the unliving. When people exist on the knife
edge of disaster, they live each day to its fullest,
painfully aware that it may be their last.

Hustlers, gamblers, ambitious underlings and other
flamboyant operators populate a game evoking this
mood. Their vitality should manifest in'a constant
stream of new schemes, plans to get rich anda steady
refusal to simply lie down and take whatever life
decides to dish out. Chi isn't the only form of vitality
the Kuei-jin drain from the living.

Example: THEME AND Moop
Nic

me will be honor

has decided that the theme of his
nd duty, and he'll strive to
ar. He decides that the Shih
er for the theme; some scenes
smust decide how to deal with
her will present them with a
fulfilling their duties and acting honorably.
Putting the players in situations that
arouse their characters' P'o natures should
bring home the characters' fears. Events will
be violent and death sudden; Nick wants
everyone to be afraid that making the wrong
move will result in disaster. He'll ratchet up
and fi-

create a mood of

char:
where the pla

is a fo

choice between

the pressure as the story progresses,
nally give the players a chance to overcome

their fe

s as part of the finale.

jr's How You Pray jr:
Styies oF Play

The style of'your game informs many of your
otherchoices, such as theme and. mood, appropriate
Storyteller characters, the nature of the conflicts
and situations encountered and so on. It's possible
to switch styles between or even within stories, but
you have to be careful not to confuse or overload
the players with jarring style changes. The follow-
ing styles are particularly well suited to a Killing
Streets chronicle:

Ursan Cre

Urban crime stories revolve around street-level
cops and criminals. These guys aren't crime bosses and
policésuperintendents with®penthouse apartments,
political connections and.expensive cars; they're foot
soldiers, leg-breaketsystreet-corner dealers and beat
cops. Many are wretched ¢reatures, barely making a
living and spending all their energy searching for that
one big score or bust thatwill set them up for good. For
most; that big job never comes. And those few who do
get lucky rarely know how,to use their good fortune to
get themselves off the streets.

Complex schemés are not usually part of the style;
apersonal dilemma, a bankjob gone wrong, a simple
case that rapidly becomésanightmare of inter-depart-
mental squabbling and political interference — this is
the stuff of the urbanicrime story. There's little honor
to be found, only the constant, desperate struggle to
survive. This just makes the few decent characters,
the rare true friendships, stand out in greater contrast,
like a gold ring sitting on top of a trash heap.

There are few differences between cops and crimi-
nals at this level, only the side of the law they're on.
Their brutal methods and attitudes are fundamentally
the same. Often, only be the presence of a badge or a
tattoo separates the two sides.

Unrra-VjoLence

We've all seen a John Woo film or two in our
time. Asastyle, ultra-violence isn't just about bunch
of thugs shooting or beating the piss out of each
other. It's a form of melodrama; high stakes are
reflected in the extremes of violence to which the
characters are driven. If it's not a drug shipment or
jewel heist, it's a hero struggling to assert his sense of
honor or self-worth in a situation where he feels he
has nothing to lose.

This style can get dull pretty quickly if all that
happens is one fight scene after another. If you take a
look at some movies in this genre (Woo's Hard-Boiled
and The Killer are the classics), you'll see that there are
a number of skirmishes, with the intensity steadily
rising until the story climaxes. Do the same in your

chronicle — start the fights off small, and ramp up the
scale as you build towards your climax.

You'll also notice that between the bouts of vio-
lence are moments of intense soul-searching and dif-
ficult moral choices. These quiet moments are the
counterpoint to the violence and they give the stories
their staccato rhythm.

Fights are also-used as vehicles for character de-
velopment. Not only must the protagonist overcome
her enemies, she must also overcome her own limita-
tions in order to move closer to her goal. The charac-
ter must grow — save an innocent to redeem her past
callousness, decide to sacrifice money for honor, put
her life on the line to protect a friend — in order to be
worthy of victory. Try to throw similar moral curve
balls at your players.

The fear of death should be strong in an ultra-
violent chronicle. Never allow your players to be-
come complacent when facing your villains, or much
of your story's drama will be lost. Staging can also
enhance your stories. Set a gunfight atop a speeding
freight train, a brawl in the bowels of a sinking ferry
caught in a typhoon, a free-for-all in a zoo, and soon.
Distractions from the simple goal of killing the en-
emy are another effective dramatic device. Innocent
bystanders, environmental hazards, time limits, any-
thing you can think of to constrain the players'
freedom forces them to think on their feet and keeps
the action fresh.

CrEEPjNG HORROR

Horror can be difficult to roleplay successfully; to
be effective, you need to frighten your players, not just
their characters. Horror stories usually rely on dislo-
cation from the familiar to achieve their effect, so take
away the characters' usual surroundings and resources
and force them to rely on their wits. A routine meet-
ing that suddenly turns bizarre, a pattern of events
that seems to be random but is clearly being effected
to some purpose, inexplicable shifts in allegiance —
all of these undermine the players' sense of security
and control over the game. Mood-setting is a vital
element in a horror session, and can help get your
players in the right frame of mind (see "Theme and
Mood in Play," p. 91).

A creeping horror is something — a disease, a
demon, a corrupt human, a steady loss of moral
direction — that manages to get under a character's
skin. It forces the players out of their comfort zone
and into encounters they'd prefer to avoid, facing
the horror and its effects. Forcing the players tomake
soul state rolls is one way to demonstrate the (poten-
tial) loss of self they face. Shake them up; have the
horror work its way closer and closer to the players,
attacking the things they hold dear and think are
secure. You need to make sure it's not just another
monster to be investigated and destroyed, but a
menace that threatens the foundations and certain-
ties of the characters' world.

Chapter Three SroRYTELUNG a =

JNTROSPECT}VE

These games put the focus squarely on the charac-
ter. The goal is usually some kind of self-examination,
so these kinds of chronicles make an excellent way to
roleplay increases in Dharma. The challenges and
characters encountered should illustrate or challenge
strongly held beliefs and force the players to look at
them in anew light.

Introduce characters or situations that cause dis-
agreements between different Dharmas. Force your
players to decide on courses of action that won't be
palatable to them all. A Resplendent Crane might
want to kill a corrupt cop for taking bribes, a Devil-
Tiger might think his internal moral debate is instruc-
tive, and a Bone Flower might want to torture vital
information out of him. The three views cannot be
completely reconciled. This gives your players oppor-
tunities to argue their points of view, and in so doing,
to explore their characters' beliefs and motives, per-
haps gaining or offering insights along the way.

INVESTIGATIVE

A classic of the genre, the point of such stories
(aside from solving the mystery) is to teach the
players something. They might gain a vital clue
towards solving or resolving your overall plot, or
they might just explore a new corner of your game
world Whatever they gain should be useful to them
later on, however.

In a one-shot, solving the mystery is the payoff,
but even then your players should come out of the
game with some new insights into the Middle King-
dom. For example, you might have the wu on the trail
of an ancient piece of calligraphy that has been stolen
froman ancestor's haven. As the characters follow the
clues, they discover that the scroll is reputed to grant
immediate enlightenment to any who read and truly
understand it. Why then has the ancestor not become
enlightened? That's another mystery... (See page 89
for more on building mysteries.)

Examp.e: StTyLe
Nick knows exactly what he wants her
ultra-violence. The Killing Streets are dar!
and dangerous, and that's what he wants to
show. He plans to present the story asa series of
investigative interludes broken up by increa
ingly dangerous and desperate battles, w
hostages and innocents at stake. By forcing
ombat-oriented characters to
going to stress the fact that life
gly struggle for survival.

even the non
take action, he
on the streets i
Knowing that all of his ple
1s helps this d

yers have combat:
sion. If his

capable chara
group contained some pacifists or other non-
combatants, he'd go for another style.

87

Tue Rowe oF THE SPjRIT

The overall mood of a Killing Streets game is
gritty and dark and the focus is. on the streets; super-
natural elements should be kept toa minimum. If your
players keep heading off to the spirit worlds, it detracts
from the harsh reality of the mortal world. Make
sparing use of these realms, and try to present them as
something alien, mysterious, and most important of
all, dangerous.

Before you send your players to the Yin, Yang or
Yomi World, consider how a spirit realm can reflect
and enhance the theme and mood of your story. What
does the nature of the realm tell the players? What
creatures inhabit it? How do they react to outsiders?
The spirit world is largely a reflection of the human
psyche, which means that for criminals, it is no place
of refuge.

Purnne THe Spit Wort juro
Your Game

Generally, you should consider bringing the spirit
wotld into play whenever you want to highlight an
element of the game in a melodramatic fashion. The
spirit world may be subtle, but it is still alien, and this
is what should strike your players the most. If you want
them to see the misery a Storyteller character causes,
show them a child weeping because the villain has just
murdered her parents: Ifyou want to show your players
why he's a villain, or why he fears the things he does,
show them the hell he returned from, or the spirit that
haunts him.

Another option is to reverse the "normal" order of
things; instead of having players intrude upon the
spirit realms during your story, have the spirit realms
intrude upon the material world. This allows you to
keep the focus squarely on the mundane while still
making use of the esoteric. Using a single spiritual
element, such as a ghost or a manifestation of the
Yomi World (such as the Wicked City; see p. 76)
reminds your players that supernatural forces are at
work without providing an easy escape from the grimy
streets and crumbling buildings.

As always, try to humanize your use of the spirit
world. Each spirit the players encounter should be
memorable, each hell or realm doubly so. Show,
don't tell; if you want to demonstrate the Hell of
Burning Sands, don't just describe the howling wind
and scorching sand underfoot. Have the players meet
an escapee who vividly recounts his suffering, show
them corpses being blasted clean, or have them meet
pathetic victims willing to do anything to get — or
stay — out.

Teu Me a Story: Pilots

Once a chronicle is established and the players
are familiar with the setting, it can be very rewarding


to run plot-free sessions. In these, the players
the action and the Storyteller responds, improvising
as she goes. But ultimately, if you want to tell a story
that builds to a satisfactory climax, you need to have
an idea of where you are going. You need to come up
with a plot.

Some Storytellers like to detail their plots exten-
sively, while others prefer little more than a few notes
to keep their improvised game moving in the desired
direction. Neither approach is superior; the notes that
follow may be taken either as a guide to the details you
need to map out carefully or those you should keep in
mind as you construct the story on the fly. Find the
style that suits you best.

Srorjes Are Mane or PEopLe

The best way develop a plot is through your
Storyteller characters. If you've got an idea fora story,
work on the characters involved. If you haven't, work
on some characters you think are sufficiently interest-
ing to take center stage. A nice twist is to make a
character associated with a player's character central
to your story. That gives the wu an immediate interest
in the story line. Get inside this character's head and
think about her needs and desires. What does she
want? Can she get it immediately, or does she need a
long-term plan? What will she do, what will she
sacrifice, to get it? The best way to build stories around
characters is to focus on their long-term goals, break-
ing them up into a series of steps or tasks to be
completed. This way, you can build a number of
individual stories around the character that have
their own logic and purpose.

What kind of characters can be used? There are
any number of archetypes to choose from: the mega-
lomaniac crime boss, the crusading cop, the incompe-
tent police superintendent with his eye on city poli-
tics, the desperate ex-friend who calls in a favor for
help on a dangerous job, the enforcer who can't
control her violent urges, the "average Joe" out to
avenge a murdered friend or relative. The source
material is full of such characters; don't be afraid to
steal ideas.

For a more intricate plot, carry out the same
process for two (or more) characters. Then compare
their plans, looking for points of conflict and over-
lap, areas where they are in competition with each
other. For example, if two mandarins want to acquire
the same Ming vase, you've got a story. If each
influences a criminal organization, you might have
war on the streets, or an uneasy peace as each side
tries to avoid starting a war until they're fully pre-
pared. If one has his talons in the police and the
other is a criminal, you have a police crackdown on
smuggling. If both use police departments or divi-
sions, you've got bureaucratic infighting, internal
affairs audits and so.on.

jung STREETS

Sketch out how the conflict might resolve itself
without the players' intervention. This need be no
more than a very simple outline, but the more detail
you decide to put in, the more raw materials you'll
have to work with once the players do get involved.

You now need to look for ways to let your players
into your story. If the antagonist's scheme is so
flawless that he leaves no clues, loose ends or wit-
nesses behind, you've created a story that your play-
ers will never see. So loosen things up. Look for
places in the flow of events where a clue might be left
behind, a witness might see something or an under-
ling might slip up. It can be very dramatically effec-
tive to give one or more of your main Storyteller
characters a "fatal flaw," some miscalculation or
mistake that seems obvious to an outsider but which
the character cannot see because of arrogance, igno-
rance or asimple miscalculation. Such flaws shouldn't
be immediately and fatally obvious, but should be
sufficiently exploitable that the players will be able
to use them to get closer to their goals.

Stories are most powerful, however, when they
touch the players' characters directly. Perhaps the
events set in motion by your Storyteller characters
result in a wu-member's territory being invaded,
allies being attacked or enemies revealed. If you can
devise some kind of personal hook to draw each
player into the story, you won't be able to keep them
away if you beat them with a stick. You'll also avoid
the tired old cliché of the ancestor sending the wu
out on another mission, when they should be taking
the initiative themselves.

Onjon Layers

Another way to construct a story is the "onion
peel" method. This works especially well for mystery
stories (see below), and is based around the idea that
resolving the conflict at the heart of a story is like
peeling off the layers of an onion, each time getting
closer to the center.

Start by deciding what lies at the core of your
story, and then construct layers of information that
lead your players to it regardless of the order in which
they uncover them. The advantage of this method is
that you're less likely to create a linear story with only
one way for the characters to progress. This is a
different matter from the story hinging on one or two
key pieces of information to uncover, or characters to
meet. The problem with a linear story is that you've
already decided how the story unfolds. If your players
come up with a different way to piece things together,
they'll get stuck and you'll have work on your hands
getting things back on track. But if the players can
"peel the onion" from any angle and still make head-
way, then you'll be able to deal with any approach to
your story.

ExampLe: PLor

Nick is ready. to start pulling his id

Cuapter Tree: STORYTELLING 6

is together into a coherent story. He decid

89

to use the "onion

peel" method of building his story line, which will-be based around the desires of a few major characters.
He likes the idea of the mandarin with a taste for ceramics; he decides that an ambitious lieutenant

is organizing a smuggling operation that doubles

character sets up at the old port facility, and starts a dis
There, he runs-afoul- of a local "neighborhood watch" organization, set up to prot

is the start of the lieutenant's ow

n power base. This
tion in the slums of Hong Kong.
et the honest

tribution oper:

merchants from extortion This group is hard pressed but has been getting some (anonymous) assistance

from a local Shih.

The lieutenant wants to crush the local gang, but the Shih keeps intervening. The mandarin decides

to fl
airport to inter

ina trusted associate to eliminate the lieutenant, The lieutenant gets wind of this and heads to the
pt his new rival. The Shih also gets wind of the plan'and decides that the airport would

be a good place to take care of the pesky Kuei-jin once and for all.

How can the players peel the onion? Aside from hooks stemming from their characters' backgrounds

(see below
operation and a number of busts and battles

might also be a means for involving some characters, a
finale (the fight at the airport) and the resources

Nick contents himself with detailing th
available to his cast of characters.
Alternativel

set-pi

, Nick thinks that police and organized crime groups would be concerned with the smuggling
might ensue. The mandarin, if a patron or enemy of the wu,

might the Shih and the local gang. Beyond this,

y, if Nick were to take a more linear approach to designing his chronicle, he might lay out

his rough chain of events and consider the most likely responses from his players:

© Characters caught-in a skirmish between smugglers and street gang; learn about new operation

moving in.

Characters encounter Shih, who tells them not to get involved unles

they want to become target:

© Characters hear about mandarin's associate coming to" Hong Kong:

© Characters atta

sd by lieutenant's minions (he fe

s they are working against him).

© Characters tipped off by the Shih about the imminent arrival of the mandarin's asso

course, these notes will be fleshed out and adjusted in play, as the story and the chara

relatior

and its likely resolution.

A Specja: Case: MysTERjES

Mysteries are great fun for both the Storyteller
and the players, who feel particularly satisfied if they
can resolve a story using only (or mostly) their wits.
Generally, a mystery benefits from tighter plotting
and amore fully detailed back story. The gathering of
clues and the collection of information are the keys to
solving a mystery, and you need to be confident that
you don't accidentally introduce unwanted inconsis-
tencies or contradictions. This is especially important
when you consider that mysteries are often solved by
noticing and pursuing inconsistencies in the evidence
("So tell me, how can you say you were at Kai Tak
airport last Tuesday when I have five witnesses who
saw-you in Kowloon").

Some Storytellers like to use flow charts as a rough
guide to the story, with information A leading to clue
B, clue C and character X, each of which leads to a
number of further sources of information. This ap-
proach can work quite well; just make sure that there
are no dead ends, and enough interconnections to
give your players freedom of movement around and
through the information.

ips with each other develop, but for a start it provides Nick with a pretty clear idea of the plot

A timeline is especially important; few things spoil
a mystery more effectively than a Storyteller who's
confused about the facts. In addition to an overall
timeline, it's quite helpful to prepare a separate, more
detailed timeline for each of the major Storyteller char-
acters, so that you have a complete picture of who was
doing what to whom at what time and at which place.

When you're laying your trail of clues, avoid the
obvious. People don't generally go around dropping
business cards, crumpled pieces of paper with the time
and location of crucial meetings or matchbooks with
important phone numbers on them. By the same
token, don't be too obscure, and make sure that you've
built some redundancy into things. If the players don't
stay around to guard a key witness, who is then
defenseless against the assassin sent to kill him, it
shouldn't be the end of the road for their investiga-
tions. Perhaps a bystander saw the whole thing, and
can give the players the clues they need. Or the
witness escapes and must be found before the attack-
ers return to finish the job. If a unique person, thing
or place is crucial to moving the story along, make
sure the players have more than one way to get to it.

. Kiuyng Srecrs
Autow ME To jNTRODUCE
4 Miysetr: CHARACTERS

An important part of preparing your chronicle is
considering how the players' characters will fit in. It's
possible, of course, to design a chronicle without
specifically considering how to get players involved.
But if you look at the existing characters who are
taking part, or think about what kind of new charac-
ters would fit in especially well, you can draw your
players into your story and ensure that every character
can play a useful and satisfying role in it.

The key is to look for character types or specific
character details that will fit into your story. When.
you're building your plot and Storyteller characters,
stay alert for the cracks and spaces that allow your
players to involve themselves. For example, say one of
the main characters in your story is a charismatic
Resplendent Crane starting a crackdown on drug
runners. Characters with similar goals, connections
to the drug trade orastake in the turf where the Crane
operates have a reason to get involved.

PreE-Exjsting CHaRacrers

When you're integrating a Killing Streets story
into a pre-existing chronicle, you should examine
two elements of each character — history and Back-
grounds. If at all possible, involve a character's
history in the set-up for a game. Referring to a
character's past offers several benefits. First, it can
draw or propel a character into a story. If a charac-
ter was active in Shanghai in the 1920s, she will
likely be interested in the activities of Shanghai
Green Triad members. Second, it gives players great
satisfaction to see the effort they've put into a
character history rewarded. Doing this should en-
courage all your players to come up with detailed
character histories.

Further, this type of story reinforces the idea that
even recently undead characters once had mortal
lives. Having a character protect the ancestors of a
friend or lover, or meet a childhood friend who's
become anold man, can be the basis of a very powerful
story or scene. It also gives you the opportunity to
include some flashbacks, scenes that tell an episode
from the character's past, that contain a lesson or clue
for the present.

Ifall of an existing character's Backgrounds haven't
yet been fully defined, it might be possible to integrate
them into the set-up of your story. For example, an
Ally or Contact might be a member of a gang set to
play a critical role; a Mentor might have once trained
or been betrayed by an unliving crime boss; and so on.

Chapter Tiree: SroRYTELUING

New Cuaracters

Ifyou're starting your chronicle with brand-new
characters, the above considerations apply, but you
have more of a free hand. This is especially impor-
tant if you're planning a single-story chronicle; tak-
ing care'of some character development or history
before play starts helps your players quickly feel at
honieiin your game.

You can also give direction to your players when
they're generating their characters. The idea is not
to restrict your players' freedom to create charac-
ters they want to play, but rather to help them come
up with characters who work well together and can
involve themselves in the action. Give your players
specific suggestions or outlines for characters. If
you've decided that one of the characters should
have been a cop or a smuggler or a member of a
certain family, court or other organization, simply
tell your players what you want and let them come
up with the details.

Alternatively, provide some general suggestions
for types of characters you know will fit in well. Make
sure to have more suggestions than players, so that
your players can make a genuine choice. The vengeful
ex-cop, the over-enthusiastic Devil-Tiger, the Bone
Flower who regards her mortal ties with bemused
affection — these are examples of the kind of simple
outlines you can provide.

Example: CHaracrers

Nick is running his Killing Streets
an interlude in his ongoing chronicle, so he
revisits his players' characters to

‘ory as

ee if he can
connect them to his new story. One character
has three dots in the Contacts Background, but
has only defined two contacts so far. Nick de-
cides that the third is a police officer who works
the beat around the street gang's area. Anothe
character has no potentially useful Backgrounds,
but she was once a pirate in the South China
Sea. Nick figures she might know
about smuggling and decides to give her some
extra information on the lieutenant's opera-
tions once they come to light. A third character
has a Shih Ally, and Nick decides to give her
some basic information about the Shih that
igures in the stor

omething

PREPARE FOR THE Worst:
RUNNjNG THE Game

You can do a number of things to help your game
sessions run more smoothly. Chief among them is

making sure you're adequately prepared to actually
run the game.

7

You might want detailed notes or simply a loose
outline of what you have in mind for the session. If
you work from notes, make sure they're easily acces-
sible, and that you've covered enough ground to be
prepared if your players make all the right connec-
tions the first time around and start powering through
your story. Ifyou prefer a more improvisationalstyle,
make sure you've got a firm handle on the motives,
plans and resources of all your Storyteller characters.

You can also make a list of names, so you won't
be caught out if you need to create a character on
the spot. Have maps handy (or firmly fixed in your
mind) so that when players go somewhere, you can
describe their surroundings. If you can, use real-
world places you're familiar with as models for game
locations. And make sure you review your notes
from the previous session(s), so you don't forget any
details or important events that have an impact on
the session to come.

Theme anp Moon jn Pray

The best way to communicate your theme and
mood in play is to use background elements in-game.
If your game's theme is the price of loyalty, set some
scenes in a nightclub infamous as the place where an
akuma betrayed a former friend. Have informers will-
ing to sell out their friends or other allegiances, local
street kids turning to crime and so on. You can use
such elements to communicate a lot of information to
your players. By altering the "background color," you'll
warn them that a change is in the air, or that a new
influence is at work.

Prysjcar SETNG

If possible, make the room or area where you play
an instrument for mood setting. The most obvious
tools are sound and light. Many gamers use a
soundtrack, and the right music can really add to a
story. Avoid music with lyrics, as they're too distract-
ing. And make sure that you're not forever switching
tapes or discs. Compile a tape (or load a CD stacker,
if one's available) so that you don't waste game time
switching or searching for music.

You can also use lighting to create an atmosphere.
Turn the lights out (and the sound off) as the hit squad
cuts the power to the nightclub the players are check-
ing out. Shine a flashlight at the players as the security
guard comes over to ask them what they're doing. Be
sure to raise your voice and startle your players; the
streets are neither nice nor polite.

Props are also handy. An old matchbook, a
crumpled invoice, a recorded conversation... any-
thing the players can manipulate themselves makes
the events of your game more immediate by breaking
down the barrier between player and character.


92
Game SETNG

Try to use in-game settings that complement
your story's mood. If you want to evoke the energy of
the streets, make use of bustling marketplaces and
frenzied nightclubs. If despair is your flavors: try
crumbling, abandoned buildings and deserted facto-
ries and train yards. Background events — a-mug-
ging, two lovers walking hand-in-hand, a massed
crowd surging forward to get into a department store
that's having a sale — all communicate to your
players something about the world their characters
inhabit. Even if you set a scene or two somewhere
clean and wholesome for contrast, it can be very
effective to include a single element out of place,
something to represent the harsh realities of life in
the Middle Kingdom. A desperate beggar or an abused
servant reminds your players that everyone, no mat-
ter how rich or influential, is only a step or two away
from the streets.

CHaRACTERS

Your Storyteller characters are the primary means
by which your players will interact with your story. If
your characters are tichand complex enough, they'll
convey far more than any amount of Storyteller
exposition, mood music, props or other gimmicks.
Storyteller games are ultimately personal affairs, so
make sure you give your players plenty of interesting
people to meet. Wealthy characters play a special
role in a Killing Streets story; they represent the
aspirations of the majority of your other characters,
but they should all have shady (or at least mysteri-
ous) pasts. Their wealth should make them seem like
a different species altogether — at least until their
underlying corruption and wickedness is revealed
(there are very few benevolent millionaires in the
Middle Kingdom).

Keep Notes

A useful habit to get into is to make notes as you
play. Whenever you get the chance, scribble some
notes about what's happening in the current session.
At the very least, take a few minutes after the session
is done to record the key events and write down
anything you'll need to sort out before next session.
This will help you avoid embarrassing continuity
mistakes. Your notes don't need to be extensive —
just a half-dozen or so points will serve perfectly well.
Of course, if you prefer to write a detailed chronicle of
your story, all the better.

Always check these notes when preparing your
next session. As well as helping you remember what
happened last time around, they can serve as a useful
source of new ideas. You might notice some Story-
teller characters who've been turning up a lot, and
decide to write them up in more detail. An. offhand

King Streers

comment made by a Contact, Ally; Mentor or other
character might serve asa lead into a brand-new story,
and so on.

Example: PREPARAT|ONS

Nick is ready to run his first session. He's
recorded a tape with some traditional C
nese music on one side and some techno on
the other. He plans to play the traditional

sic for most of the street scenes, to emph:

the honorable nature of the Shih and the
gang. The techno will be used for combat and
any other action scenes. He's set up his gam-
ing area with a ratty old cloth over the table
and a mismatched set of cups and plates for
munchies. He'll keep the main lights off, and
has a desk lamp set low to the gaming table to

allow the players just enough light to read

their character sheets and game books. His
notes are on hand, as is a pad for him to
scribble down notes on important develop-

ments during the game.

Waen Last We Lerr Our
Heroes: ApvaNcjNG THE
CHRONJCLE

Don't be afraid of change. Just as in real life,
stories rarely run according to plan. Managing the
interplay of characters and action and their effects
on a story is one of the chief skills of a good Story-
teller, and this is where all the time you spent
developing antagonists and secondary characters
really pays off. If you have a strong grasp of their aims
and abilities and resources, you can adjust their plans
in response to events as they unfold. This is a com-
mon occurrence on the streets, as the hustlers and
wheeler-dealers change strategies to match their
dynamic environment.

Two vexing problems deserve some special at-
tention: players who solve your mystery or foil their
opponent's plans straight away, and players who get
lucky (or smart) and defeat an antagonist in the first
minutes of play. Neither problem is insurmountable.
If the nefarious plan is uncovered early on, allow
your players their victory (after all, they've earned
it), but then have them discover that it was only a
diversion or a sideshow intended to keep them away
from a far more insidious scheme. It's hard to keep
secrets on the streets, and if word gets out that Black
Ling got wasted trying to lifta shipment of diamonds,
it's inevitable that someone else will try their luck at
the same heist.

Cuarrer Taree: SroRYTELIUNG a a ee raeraad
‘PLAYER=ON=PLaYER ConFijcr

Tue StToryYTELLER Express

One of the worst complaints that can be leveled at
a Storyteller is that she "railroads" her players. Thatis,
she presents situations where the players' actions have
no real impact on events. For each key scene or
encounter you have in mind, you should give some
thought to four broad outcomes and consider how
each would affect your story:

© The players get all possible information or clues;

¢ The players get none of the possible informa-
tion or clues;

¢ The players get into a fight and are badly
beaten;

© The players get into a fight and kill the Story-
teller characters or destroy evidence.

These four points don't cover all the possibilities,
but they represent the extremes, and considering
several outcomes can help keep you from railroading
your players. Your master criminal might have only
one brilliant plan, but you should have several.

If, however, you find that your players are going
off-course, give them a nudge. Perhaps they get a
message from an exasperated superior, directing them
to awitness or informant. Someone might offer infor-
mation in exchange for protection. A contact might
have a new lead for them: Just make sure that when.
you provide assistance, you make your players pay for
it; especially on the streets, there's no such thing as a
free lunch. Maybe the new information is dangerously
incomplete. Or their contact has sold them out, or was
acting under duress.

Never Ler Tuem See You Swear

When you're running your sessions, go with the
flow. Don't panic if your players completely miss
your carefully constructed plot. Keep your cool and
remember that Storytelling is largely a confidence
game; if you can convince your players that you're
ready for any eventuality, that your game world has
been fleshed out in loving detail, they'll throw them-
selves into it with glee. But if you're stalling, or
pushing the characters too hard in a certain direc-
tion, youll ruin their suspension of disbelief. It's
better to call a break in'play or even to end a session
early than to do a botched job of on-the-spot inven-
tion that breaks continuity.

The PROBLEM oF PLayers

Players can do other things to derail.a game, for
which you need to be prepared. The most disruptive is
spending their entire time in petty conflicts with
other players. Lesscommon but more serious is getting
their characters killed.

93

Some groups of players love to make characters.
who don't get along; others find that their characters
can't agree on a course of action. If your players are
bickering, the only thing you really need todo is make
sure they're having a good time doing it. It's perfectly
appropriate for characters with sharply differing moral
codes and strong personalities to clash over tactics,
ethics and so on. In fact, you should encourage this. .
Pointless bickering and nit-picking, however, should
be discouraged, especially if it ends up alienating part
of the player group.

Remember that your Storyteller characters haven't
stopped working towards their goals. Realizing that
their enemies were goingabout their business unop-
posed while they spent a session arguing and blocking
each other should bring most players back to earth.
This outcome is doubly good; it penalizes your players
and shows them that if they won't take decisive
action, others will. A single failure on the streets
probably won't have the same dire consequences as
failing the Blood Ancestor in front of the court, but
word gets around, and a bad reputation can follow a
character like a bad‘smell.

You need to watch the action carefully when
characters start pointing guns at each other. Threats
of violence are appropriate to the genre, but usually
between enemies, not allies. If the players involved
want to take things all the way, keep the enjoyment
of the other players in mind. A solution that allows
the characters to back down without losing face
might be best. Have an enemy attack, to give them
somewhere more useful to point their guns. Or per-
haps the phone rings with an urgent message. If they
still refuse to blink, let ‘em kill each other and sit
things out until they make new characters. Then
make the players wait for an appropriate time to
introduce them.

Conflicts over tactics can also be a problem. Few
things are more frustrating for a player than seeing a
carefully negotiated dialogue or alliance ruined by
another player who decides to pick a fight. This
situation is definitely part of the genre — the head-
strong cop barging in over the negotiator's objections,
the enforcer breaking legs instead of asking questions
— but when it occurs between players, it can become
a serious obstacle. Start dropping hints, such as gangs
that are defeated because of their disunity or Story-
teller characters who are unable to help because of
conflicts within their organizations. Out-of-game, en-
courage your players to work together. Ultimately, if
a player is determined to be disruptive, you may have
little choice but to tell him to change his ways or quit
the game. Be polite but firm.

94

The reverse can also happen, with players un-
willing to pull their weight in combat. Killing Streets
is a violent genre and non-combatants usually don't
last long. The first thing to do is to make sure that
you've put a good mix of situations into your story,
so that all the characters can contribute in plenty of
ways. But on the streets, if you can't look after
yourself you'll be hunted down as easy prey. "De-
fenseless" pretty much equals "victim," so pacifist
characters should at least have some defensive abili-
ties — or start learning them.

CuaracteR DeaTH

Some players just keep getting their characters
killed. Sometimes these things happen by accident,
in which case you may be tempted to ignore the dice
and let a character live. After all, why should an
unfavorable die roll hinder your story? It shouldn't,
but if you shield your players from the consequences
of their actions too often, they may take things less
seriously. The best solution is to build trust with your
players, so they know you won't put them in no-win
situations — butif they start picking fights or putting
themselves in needless danger, then sooner or later
someone's going to get hurt.

If it really comes down to it, the chief rule to
follow is to give each character the opportunity for
a melodramatic death scene. Killing Streets is
based on a genre with a high mortality rate, so you
shouldn't be surprised if some of your players' char-
acters end up dead. A death scene is a great oppor-
tunity for roleplaying, and if a player is about to
lose a favorite character, she should get a chance to
go out in style.

Exampie: Player Conrijcr
Two of Nick's player:
One wants to approach the
The other w:
their operations
the other pl: are getting
has foreseen this problem (thi
often disagree on such matters) and he has the
Shih scheduled to stage a bre
arguing, so that by the time they arrive, the
information th stolen has al
ted deci-
joined them, or
k-in that

at loggerheads

Both plans have merit, but
nnoyed. Nick
two players

y could have

ready b

sively, the Shih might hav

she might not have tried her bi
ight, if ever,

Kiuing Smeets

Tuar's Au, Fours!
ENDjNG THE CHRONJCLE

Allstories have a beginning, middle and end, but
especially in long-running chronicles, there's a risk
of the story line petering out. Coming up with a good
ending for a story is largely a matter of looking at the
desired outcomes for each of the main characters. If
you've drawn up an outline of how the story flows
without the players' influence, you'll have a good
idea of how things could turn out. You might have in
mind a big set piece, like an assault on an enemy's
base or the rescue of hostagesOr you. might be
relying on in-game developments to help you come
up with a suitable finale.

Whichever approach you choose; make sure you
bring your story to a dramatic close. Typically, you'll
have one or maybe two scenes set after the climax for
tying up loose ends and ensuring that everyone gets
their just desserts.

One thing that sets may Asian stories apart from
their Western counterparts is that happy endings
aren't guaranteed. Even if the heroes escape with
their lives (and often they don't), they may be
crippled, blinded, imprisoned or even murdered by
their own superiors after having defeated their en-
emies. There are a number of "classic" endings for
such stories, including:

The Erjc Barrie

Few endings are more satisfying than the guns-
blazing-and- fists-flying combat extravaganza. Be sure
to make the fight an epic, with lots of extras to be
gunned down (see Vampire: The Masquerade, p.
217, for notes on how to handle extras) and lots of
enemies to battle.

Tue Fina: Berrayar

Be careful with this one. It's genre-appropriate,
but it can lead to some very pissed-off players, espe-
cially if they've had no inkling of the upcoming
betrayal. If you do decide to have allies turn against
the players at the last moment, make sure that the
players have an opportunity to defeat them. This
ending is perhaps best suited to one-off games, where
characters can go down in a blaze of glory.

Cuaprer Three: STORYTELLING

Tue Master Pian

The plan here can either be the players' or their
opponents'. If it's the players', they should be reaping
the benefits of their careful preparations as they take
down their enemies, If it's their enemies', the players
should get one last chance to think on their feet and
avert disaster. Either way, throw in one or two
"wildcard" elements that are beyond:anyone's con-
trol, such as the police turning up or a third party
suddenly taking interest in events; the streets are
nothing if not unpredictable

Tue Pyrrnjc Victory

This can work alone, or as an adjunct to another
ending. In this finale, the players achieve victory; but
ata terrible cost. The cost might be paid by the players
(their characters killed or ruined, crippled or discrt
ited) or by others asa price for the players' triumph (to
defeat their enemies, the players doom some innocent
parties). As with a betrayal ending, be sure to give
WOU players'their victory (or at ledtha Cheneetadta)
before you show them its cost.

elie, ee i

Examp.e: ENDjNG

Nick has decided to end his story with a
bang. He's running the Killing Streets story
as an interlude in his already-established
chronicle, and he wants to let the players
know that the story is over. He goes with the
battle at Kai Tak airport, and gets hold of a
map and roughs out the sequence of events.
He decides that the battle will take place in
a wing currently being repaired (a blatant
steal from the film Die Hard 2, but he figures
the players will make the connection and get
into the spirit of things). He plans for waves
of extras to attack first, then to have the main
characters enter the fray. It's hard to predict
the flow of combat, but he's decided that the -
fight should spill out into a hangar and that
the final face-off, if possible, should leave the
villains standing near some barrels of highly
flammable chemicals ripe for a dramatic ex-

plosion. He's also prepared some notes on

what the villains say during the fight — the
soliloquy from the villain as he thinks he's
won the day is just as important as the smart
quip tossed off by the hero as he snatches his
victory from the jaws of defeat.

In the wash-up, Nick evaluates what went
well and what didn't, mal note of any
contacts who might recur to set up further
stories, and makes sure that one or two char-
acters escape to bear a grudge against the
players' wu.



Appennjx: Roap Ruies ror THe Dark MerRoroujs

97

APPENDIX
ROAD RULES
FORK THE DARK
METROPOLIS

The face of "evil" is always the face of total need.
— William 8, Burroughs, The Naked Lunch

A Killing Streets chronicle can be run using only
the rules found in the Kindred of the East rulebook,
but for those Storytellers who like to tinker, this
Appendix presents some optional systems and addi-
tions. It includes. rules for dealing with mundane
interactions on the streets, followed by a long look at
the mixing of the Yomi Realms and corrupt urban

areas. A Storyteller who prefers to run interactions on
the streets through roleplaying should ignore the
expanded rules for the Streetwise Talent below. Simi-
larly, if you feel your chronicle would be damaged by
the idea that the Yomi Realms are emerging in the
mortal world, simply ignore the material presented, or
adapt it to your needs.

98 ® ung Steeers

Street Trajts

So, how much for the little girl?

In a story or chronicle focussed on the urban
underbelly, certain traits gain a whole new impor-
tance. Obviously, the Streetwise Trait is critical, but
it is hardly the only one. The following section pro-
vides an expanded look at Streetwise and many other
key traits, complete with optional mechanics and
advice. The governing idea behind the discussions
below is that on the streets, nothing is free, and that
players should earn the benefits they get through their
abilities and backgrounds.

Streetwise (Taent)

Streetwise represents knowing whom to speak
toand having acertain reputation — it isn'tan ATM
of contacts and illegal merchandise to be accessed at
will. Successes mean that a Kuei-jin knows just
where to go and who to speak to for the information
or goods she wants, or that she is generally aware of
day-to-day news and gossip, but all this is just infor-
mation. Feel free to make a character go down onto
the streets to act on her knowledge (unless the
activity isn't key to the chronicle and you don't want
the distraction). Such gutter-level activity iscentral
to Streetwise and to the whole Killing Streets mood
— it keeps a character in touch, keeps her persona's
reputation up and provides an opportunity to dis-
cover information that might otherwise never make
its way to the players. Keeping an active presence
can be especially important if a character is also
acting in ways that jar with her street persona. It can
be highly disconcerting for a character masquerad-
ing as a down and out smuggler to be asked "That
wasn't you I saw in the social pages, was it — you
know at the Chinese Ambassador's ball?"

The process of getting to know the streets is not
without its pitfalls. After all, as a Kuei-jin learns
about them, others learn about her. The Storyteller
can ask for Wits + Etiquette rolls as a character gets
to know the street scene (and the player saves up
experience to buy dots in Streetwise). The character
may also need to bribe underworld figures, get in a
few fights, or show "credentials" of some description
(ie. as a Yakuza or a cop) that define her interest to
the other denizens of the streets. Unknowns are
potentially dangerous on the streets, and so despite
their natural desire for secrecy, Kuei-jin must have
an acceptable persona or they'll be shunned (or
worse). Characters who do not go to these efforts
shouldn't be allowed to gain dots in Streetwise.

Losing Touct

Players whose characters don't spend at least
some time once a month (game time) getting down
and dirty in their local neighborhood should find

| Wo Are You on tHe Streets?

* If you want to run a full-on, gritty, gang-
sters-and-street-scum chronicle, think very
carefully about making players create com-
plete street personas. It's very important for
you to know exactly how the various denizens
of the streets regard the characters. What
happens if two characters are members of
allied Triads that suddenly have a falling out?
Are any of the characters connected in mor-
tal eyes to the local councilor who just got
"arrésted for corruption? These details and
others like them are all small. but important
for a Killing Streets chronicle.

their difficulties on Streetwise rolls starting to creep
up. People on the streets get suspicious when they
lose track of what someone has been up to — they
start to wonder if they're being scammed. Again,
the key thing to remember is that as the characters
watch others on the streets, they are also being
watched. Kuei-jin are dangerous and powerful, but
they are merely one part of the urban social system
and by no means an omnipresent one. Another way
of representing a loss of street-level contact with-
out playing with numbers is to make the results of
successes less useful — a character locates a heroin
dealer, but doesn't pick up on the fact that this guy
is under police surveillance or just got busted and
won't have a large enough quantity of drugs for the
character's needs. The streets are a dark place, and
a little knowledge is often more dangerous than
none at all.

Maxjng Deas

Remember that even on the streets, money can't
buy everything. Money can be somewhat of a prob-
lem in some chronicles — with their immortal ways
and powers, it isn't hard for Kuei-jin to acquire vast
wealth, and some players try to translate this into
vast amounts of influence or at least easy access to
anything they desire. Money (more strictly speaking,
the Resources Background) combined with Streetwise
can sometimes seema recipe for disaster as players try
to justify pulling automatic shotguns loaded with
dragon breath ammunition out of thin air. But things
just aren't that simple, and you can play up this
aspect as hard as necessary to get unruly players to
understand the facts of life. First of all, without a
respected street reputation, throwing around large
amounts of cash for exotic items is going to attract a
lot of attention. The local military commander,
crime boss or chief of police (corrupt or not) is going
to be very interested in some mysterious person
buying an arsenal. Second, the characters are hardly


Appenpjx: Roan Rous ror THe Dark Merroroijs

the only people with money on the streets. Corrupt
officials, drug traffickers and any number of other
mortals can easily have access to huge sums to counter
the Kuei-jin's efforts.

A character may be asked for many other things
in return for getting what they desire: perhaps an
assassination in exchange for drugs, a smuggling run
forsome guns, orsome drugs for an assassination. Such
bartering arrangements are harder for the police to
track, especially if they are trying to follow a money
trail. A Storyteller should structure the demands to
match the personas that the players' characters have
adopted on the streets. You don't ask a group of pimps
to smuggle drugs by sea, but you might ask them to
provide some mules to carry those drugs on an airline
flight to San Francisco. A character can even do or
provide something for free, storing up a favor to be
called in when necessary or to be traded to another
person. The latter especially can make life difficult
for characters forced to acknowledge favors to an
enemy or potential rival.

Wien jr just Can'r Be Done

Sometimes, no matter how many contacts you
call, how many bars you hit and no matter what you
offer, what you want just isn't available. It may be a
scarce (or in-demand) commodity, or perhaps the
dealers and street scum aren't willing to sell it. The
latter might seem strange to our Western concept of
crime, but most Asian societies are fairly authoritar-
ian and criminals almost always operate with some
degree of semi-official acknowledgement of how far
they can go. One of the most common limitations is
on guns and drugs. Countries like China, Singapore,
Malaysia and Vietnam execute anyone caught traf
ficking in either, and in most other Asian countries
the penalties are very heavy.

While police corruption might ease some of the
danger in relation to drugs, it doesn't help where
guns are concerned because of the political impor-
tance most Asian governments place on keeping
society in line. No matter how corrupt, a policeman
will go after you if you start a gunfight in public
because he has to keep his job. Similar restrictions
are placed on anything else that affects politics, like
smuggling out dissidents or providing illegal satel-
lice dishes so people can watch uncensored televi-
sion broadcasts. Thus, any character who rocks the
boat is likely to find that all his Streetwise Talent
gets him isa lot of refusals and people telling him to
go away, grow up, drop dead or perhaps all three. If
a character refuses to take no for an answer, a
beating is likely to follow, or perhaps a carefully
worded call to the local police, who will happily use
their undercover squad to try to sell the character
anything she wants.

99
New jn Town

Unless a Kuei-jin is a local, it takes some time
for her to build up knowledge of the local scene.
Depending on the depth of knowledge desired, a
Demon will have to spend anywhere from one (for
Novice level access) to five weeks (for Master level
access) cruising, clubbing and kowtowing full time
in order to become accustomed to how things work.
If she can't give her full attention to this acclima-
tization process, the number of nights needed
stretches out. Until the character puts in sufficient
time getting to know the local ropes, all of her
Streetwise difficulties go up by at least 1. There is
no roll for getting to know the local scene, it just
takes time. If a Kuei-jin is of a different ethnic or
religious background than the norm for the city in
which they are seeking to ingratiate themselves, a
Storyteller should feel free to make the task of
acclimatization all the harder and maybe even throw
ina little "random" mob violence to ram home the
problems minorities face in Asia.

Men jn THE SHny Green Sujts!

What happens if the players' wu doesn't
have anyone with Streetwise? In this case, the
fun is about'to begin because there are many
kind souls on the streets who make it their
purpose in life to bring people together. Fixers,
middlemen, dealers, whatever name you wish
to give them, there is an entire class of semi-
criminals who, for the right gratuity or favor,
put people in touch with whatever or whom-
ever they want. Naturally, this system has its
own problems because it gives someone else,
often'a mortal, potential insight into the wu's
activities and puts the characters at risk of
getting drawn into the middleman's troubles
Them's the breaks.

All of this is ripe with Storytelling possi-
bilities, of course. An especially effective tech-
nique is to have the characters undertake
some mundane task for their fixer that sud-
denly brings them back into the world of the
Hungry Dead. If they discover that the little
package they're carrying belongs toa powerful
mandarin, they may have to balance living
and unliving concerns. Masquerading as lowly
mortal agents of an equally lowly mortal crimi-
nal when faced with the dhampyr majordomo
of the Mandarin of Seven Riverscan be nerve-
wracking indeed.

Erjquerre (Sxjut)

Even though modernization is slowly over-
whelming tradition in Asia, the region's various
cultures are still far more formal than in the West.
This carries over into the underworld, and criminal
organizations place a great deal of importance on
tradition. In Asia, formal etiquette is not just for
the tea room and reception hall, but for the drug
buy as well. There are appropriate ways to address
the local Triad boss depending on the situation, for
instance, and only the most down and out gang
lacks a similar structure of seniority and formal
respect. The more traditional the criminal or orga-
nization, the more complex such ways are. Failure
to show proper respect is unlikely to be fatal, unless
the omission is an obvious attempt to belittle or
insult a senior gangster or official, but it marks the
characters as uncouth and smalltime, which has
negative consequences for their reputation on the
streets. This option works just like the standard
application of this skill, but it is an important one
to keep in mind for giving an alien flavor to your
Kindred of the East chronicle.

¢ Touching the Untouchable: At the lowest
end of town, in the shanties and slums, Etiquette is
also very important. In many places in Asia, who you
deal with is just as important as how you treat
people. Is the beggar on the streets over there an
untouchable, and therefore beneath your dignity
and position to publicly confront? Ifhe is, whatis the
established way of interacting with him or perhaps
finding out who his beggar master is? Is he Malay, a
Hakka, or from some isolated backcountry indig-
enous tribe? Do you even speak a common language,
and if not, how do you find a person who can trans-
late? Finally, if you're trying to impress the yokels, a
show of fine breeding and superior manners goes a
long way toward getting them to treat you with
respect, if only because an education shows you're
someone important, and if they screw with you the
local goon squad might come down on them.

You can use Intelligence (or Perception) + Eti-
quette rolls to answer these questions in liew of
playing out these dilemmas. The only reason we
recommend rolling over roleplaying in this case, as
opposed to when using Streetwise, is that unless you
and your players have a solid general understanding
of Asian customs, the players may find it difficult to
manage this type of interaction in-character. Noth-
ing can be more frustrating for a player than to keep
getting into difficulties for not saying or doing the
right things when their character should know what
to do because of his background. Using the Etiquette
skill is the easiest way around this problem, speeding
up play and minimizing player frustration.

King Srreers

If you want to resolve such cultural and social
issues through roleplaying, however, there is a way
to do so that will keep everyone happy, but will also
require a fair amount of extra work on your part.
Rather than using Etiquette asa Skill (covering the
act of interacting properly), use it as a Knowledge
(of proper customs). When characters make a roll,
provide them with what they think is the right
answer; for instance, it is fine to approach the
beggar and give alms, or that he looks like a Karen
animist priest who will only talk in allegories. Once
they have the information about the right way to
approach a social situation, make your players
roleplay the interaction normally. Because this
method requires the Storyteller to have a great deal
of knowledge or do a lot of research, it might be
easier to save it for important scenes and otherwise
use Etiquette rolls per the main rules.

INVESTIGATION (KNOWLEDGE)

Investigation is a useful Ability in a Killing
Streets campaign, and is best used as suggested in
the main rules. The real adjustments involve atti-
tude, especially if your players are accustomed to
using an appearance of mortal authority or the
general distaste for public violence to get by in
their investigations. In Asia, being "official" is
likely to make matters harder, not easier. People
simply disappear off the streets if they hear that a
local policeman is looking for them. In many areas,
the government also has established ways to find
out what it wants. You go to the local crime boss
and complain to him that someone broke into your
office; if she believes it was out of line or that you
are a good person to curry favor with, she will take
care of the matter. This may mean handing the
culprit over to the police, giving them a beating or
a warning, or maybe doing nothing and lying to you.
Of course, simply bullying the local criminals into
giving you the freedom to do whatever you want is
also a time-honored approach used by the strong
over the weak.

Going over the heads of the local street authori-
ties and thus not giving them face is guaranteed to
arouse their opposition and ensure that they'll make
your life difficult every step of the way. Nor will
they shy away from extreme violence. This may
seem at odds with the authoritarian nature of many
Asian regimes, but tyrants only care about them-
selves. As long as violence is not aimed at them and
doesn't cost them money, the powers that be really
don't care what goes on. They oppose guns that
might help arm a revolution, but if the characters'
enemies want to hack them apart with machetes,
little will stop them once the right bribes are paid,
or provided the attack occurs in the right part of
town. This reality makes an investigation much


‘pervnjxt Roan Ruuss ror tue Dank. MernoPous

more nerve-wracking and provides strong incen-
tive to go through the local bosses. Better an imper-
fect result than a gang of pipe-wielding thugs trying
to pulp you in the local McDonalds.

Law (KNowLence)

Knowledge of the law and the legal system is a
useful tool for anyone planning on breaking it or
skirting close to that. Given the complexity of juris-
prudence today, even criminals who commit a so-
called "perfect crime" can find themselves behind
bars for some small associated misdemeanor that they
didn't realize they were committing. The classic (al-
beit Western) example of this is Al Capone, who was
eventually imprisoned for tax evasion. When players

want to know exactly when their characters are cross--

ing the line and how badly they are doing it, Intelli-
gence + Law rolls are appropriate. In most cases,

players know the vampires are breaking the law with- .

outa roll, but inadvertent breaches can be just as
dangerous as calculated crimes.

Naturally, as the Storyteller, you also need to
have some knowledge of what the laws actually are,
or enforcing them becomes difficult. Luckily, many
Asian legal systems owe much to their colonial
pasts and mirror Western law quite closely. There-
fore, anything you know is illegal in the States is
probably illegal in Asia. One difference is that
penalties tend to be much heavier and the police
more likely to resort to unauthorized methods to get
evidence or a confession. Abused characters who
want to seek redress for such methods — they are
illegal after all — are out of luck, except in Japan,
and even there the results are hardly as drastic as
most plaintiffs would like. The laws that don't tend
to correspond to those in the West are the ones
dealing with freedom of speech. There is no such
freedom for so-called subversives outside of Tai-
wan, South Korea and Japan. With "subversive"
generally defined as whatever the authorities want
it to be, it's very easy to end up in prison simply for
speaking publicly, or taking part in a demonstra-
tion. As a Storyteller, these two legal loopholes are
quite useful for keeping unruly players in line and
reinforcing the fact that Kuei-jin are outsiders in,
not the controllers of, the mortal world.

A Storyteller can handle the effects of mortal
laws in game in a number of ways. For those Story-
tellers who feel particularly strict, just note down
when your players break minor laws that they don't
think to ask about. At some point appropriate in
your chronicle, these indiscretions come back to
haunt them. Storytellers more inclined' to believe
that characters' backgrounds should give them some
idea of the legal niceties of their actions can use
hidden Wits + Law rolls, if any character has the
skill, to cut players some slack without giving away.

the fact that they may be doing something they
should be careful about.

Finally, for those Storytellers who don't think
this sort of thing is for their chronicle, simply don't
bother with it or say that the laws are just like those
your players are used to. After all, not every chronicle
need be mired in mortal attempts to impose order
on the chaotic streets. In amore flexible chronicle,
you can use Law like an official equivalent of
Streetwise. Legal knowledge lets your characters
trace who is responsible for what in the Byzantine
labyrinth of Asian government. Even once you
know who to deal with, you still need to know
which forms to fill out, how many times you need to
do that, what other information or evidence you
need, anda million and one other petty details. Law
allows you to resolve all this with a few simple dice
rolls. Actually dealing with the bureaucrat or find-
ing the evidence you need is another matter all
together. (The optional Bureaucracy Knowledge
can also be used for these functions.)

Beyond general application of legal knowledge,
there are some special legal situations worth consider-
ing in a story set in Asia's urban underbelly:

FajTH anp tHe Law

Religion is often reinforced with legal sanctions
in Asia, especially in Muslim countries. For ex-
ample, it is illegal before the gods and mortal courts
to kill a sacred cow in India, or for a woman to be
immodestly dressed in Pakistan. The sanctity of
mosques, shrines, churches and monasteries tends
to be protected all over Asia, likewise the persons
of priests and nuns. This is not to say that no one
breaks such laws, but even intimidating the local
mufti in Malaysia or Bangladesh is illegal (some-
thing unlikely to occur to Westerners). Almost any
religious stricture that the Storyteller can think of
probably has official legal sanction somewhere in
Asia, and though most such laws are no longer
enforced, they're still on the books and can be used
if the authorities wish to. A good example of this
sort of legal abuse is the enforcement of an old
religious law against sodomy against political oppo-
nents of the present regime in Malaysia. Such selec-
tive charges have the double effect of undermining
the opponent's public standing while also being
yery hard to defend against, especially if the gov-
ernment is fabricating evidence. Many characters
like to think that as Kuei-jin they are above petty
human superstitions, but failing to be aware of local
religious beliefs can create problems far more seri-
ous than getting a few dirty looks.

DeatH anp Taxes
Tax evasion is illegal in all countries, but it is
also endemic in Asian developing nations. In poor

countries without well-developed banking or finan-
cial structures, the government can't catch tax evad-
ers, so it rarely bothers trying — unless the charac-
ters are making a nuisance of themselves, in which
case an audit could be called and the fun begins.
Lawyers and accountants, records and receipts —
not the stuff you might think a street-level story is
made of, but money is the goal for most mortals and
the authorities take a great deal of interest in follow-
ing it if motivated to do so. Keeping a set of books
with all the right figures to show a loss or no assets at
all can allow characters to get out of this easily
enough; the key is having them available if the tax
man comes calling unexpectedly.

TRave.

Travel restrictions are something with which
Westerners have little experience. Military bases
and other important places are out of bounds, but the
idea of needing official permission to move to a new
house or travel interstate is truly alien for most of us.
In the most authoritarian Asian countries, like China,
North Korea, Vietnam and Burma, such restrictions
are the law. Even in more democratic countries like
Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia, the government
likes to keep an eye on people when they move
around and requires residents to register with local
authorities. Such restrictions are an inconvenience
for a Kuei-jin, an annoying mortal intervention in
their unlives, with the potential for revealing all
sorts of inconvenient information. Yet the more
restrictive the country, the more bureaucratic it
becomes, and with the right paperwork you can do
anything you want. A Cathayan who wants a trouble-
free life, moving as he wishes, needs to be able to
present the police and other petty officials with all
the necessary passes and permits; to do that, he has
to know where and how to get them.

Ariracts anp ArcHEoLocy

Historical artifacts are a sensitive issue in Asian
countries because they lost so many during colonial-
ism, and so the rules governing archeology and the
trade in artifacts are very strict. Some Asian coun-
tries even have separate government departments
with police powers to maintain, protect and track
down their national treasures. With their interest in
history, mysticism and jade, as well as their belief
that they are above the laws of mortal society, Kuei-
jin find these bodies more difficult to deal with than
the police proper. While the illegal trade in artifacts
is extensive, running into trouble is an unnecessary
risk if a Cathayan knows what she's doing. Again,
everything comes down to the pretty pieces of paper
that mortals love so much. Want to transport a gold
Buddha from Bangkok to Manila? No problem if you
have the right export permit. Need to dig through

Appennjx: Roan Ruies ror THE Dark MeTRopous

the ruins of a temple in Manchuria? Get the permis-
sion of a certain official and the mortals may even do
the work for you.

Aujes (Backgrounp)

Having people you trust willing come to your aid
is extremely important on the streets, even for one of
the Ten Thousand Demons. Trust is the rarest com-
modity in this unforgiving environment, and anyone
deserving of it is worth their weight in gold. Use the
Allies Background as described in the main rules, but
remember that in Asia the concept of mutual obliga-
tion (guanxi) is extremely strong. If an ally does you
favors, you owe her favors in return. You cannot
interact with anyone on the streets, mortals or oth-
erwise, without becoming enmeshed in ties of honor
and obligation. Of course, a character need not
honor his obligations, but failure to do so is bound
to alienate allies and sully the character's reputa-
tion. Gaining new allies and keeping others becomes
that much harder.

Contacts (Backgrounp)

Streetwise may let you know who and where to
go to for something; contacts are the people with
whom you have an ongoing interaction. The Con-
tacts Background, like Allies, follows the basic
rules but with a darker, harder edge. There is noth-
ing resembling trust when dealing with contacts;
instead, both parties know exactly how much they
distrust each other —a fine distinction that makes
for good business. Never let the characters (or the
players) forget that last word: business. Contacts
aren't like allies, they're in it for the money or some
other appropriate reward. The greater the risk, the
less likely a contact is to come through and the
greater the reward they want. Contacts have their
own agendas, and a few false leads or some deliber-
ate trawling for information from the players is par
for the course in such dealings. For those Storytell-
ers who wish to involve the supernatural night
closely in their street games, contacts need not be
limited to mortals. Kuei-jin can see into the spirit
worlds with (relative) ease, and its unusual inhab-
itants make for interesting contacts who can easily
introduce a little unwanted excitement into the
characters' unlives.

Fame (BackGgrounp)

Standing out in the crowd is not necessarily couth
in Asia. While the Fame Background basically works
as set out in the main rules, the effects are quite
different. Being well-known, for instance, may make
violent retribution for an indiscretion more likely, as
the greater the exposure of an incident, the greater
the likelihood of public loss of face. Nor is a wealthy

103

and well-known individual going to find that her fame
gets her respect. She may get the opposite if slum
dwellers think her celebrity came from kowtowing to
the regime or exploiting the common man, for ex-
ample. Among the tradition-minded, acertain amount
of decorum and modesty is expected, and those who
fail to abide by such rules find themselves objects of
derision no matter how famous they are. These takes
on Fame aren't affected by the reason for the character's
notoriety; whether for a gangster or an actress, society's
rules in Asia tend to be less flexible than in the West,
and those who don't abide by them often find that
society is bigger than they are.

Fame does have its uses in Asia, however. For
example, it frequently helps overcome any limita-
tions placed on a character because of her ethnic or
religious background. If you're famous, people tend
to be more forgiving than they are of normal people.
But even in this case, fame is a double-edged sword.
Improper acts can quickly turn fame into infamy and
multiply the effect of an "unacceptable" background.
It is just this sort of stimulus that can lead to mob
violence, so a famous character had better watch
what she says. Fame should also reduce difficulties
when dealing with people whom the Storyteller de-
cides are impressed by the character's reputation,
perhaps even getting the character more than he
bargained for. Many poor and illiterate Asians treat
people as their reputation paints them, even if that
reputation for crime-busting and being a friend of
the common man is a purely fictional persona cre-
ated by the cinema. On the streets, nothing comes
without a price.

Herp (Backgrounp)

Easy marks are not hard to come by on Asia's
bitter streets, and some Storytellers may wish to in-
crease the number of vessels gained per point if players
are interested in building a herd among the poor and
desperate. Superstition and poverty make religious
organizations and charitable funds two easy Scarlet
Screens to establish to hide a Cathayan's hunger.
Indeed, in the darkest and most hopeless areas of
Asia's big cities, Kuei-jin have little need to hide their
feeding at all — terrorizing the population of a shanty
into submission and feeding as a Kuei-jin desires is a
common choice and the poor have no official re-
course. The same goes for those unfortunate accidents
(usually involving a chih-mei) that leave a tattered
corpse. The police probably aren't called and, if the
victim doesn't have a family to take care of burial, the
body lies where it is left until stray dogs and rats have
gnawed it clean.

Herds of poverty-stricken vessels have their draw-
backs, however, The poorer the herd, the more likely
tainted Chi (from industrial waste or poor health) is
to be a problem, in addition to the annoyance of

104

having to replenish the herd regularly as disease,
starvation, and the general violence of the streets
takes its toll.

JNFLUENCE (BackcRounp)

Being owed favors by political movers and shak-
ers is even more useful on the Asian streets than in
the West. Checks and balances from democratic
institutions or human rights laws rarely exist to get
in the way of patronage, but this situation also makes
Asian politics even more cutthroat. Quite often,
"retirement" after losing a political battle means a
prison cell-at the very least. Corruption charges
appear out of the new regime's hat and that's that.
Kuei-jin who have influence, therefore, are playing
with fire. If any of theit powerful mortal connections
need a situation taken care of, the Cathayan had
better listen up because political defeats can lead to
purges where all the loser's associates and allies meet
the same unpleasant fate. Even in less dire situations,
being on the wrong side of Asian politics means
endless harassment and difficulty in getting even the
most basic cooperation from government institu-
tions and private businesses, to the point of becom-
ing a pariah in official affairs. Anything that a Sto-
ryteller can think of to make life unpleasant wouldn't
be too far from the truth.

Using these ideas ina game brings a new level of
danger and complexity to a chronicle. For this rea-
son, consider their use carefully before introducing
them. Scheming officials and subtle power plays are
not quite the level of action a Killing Streets game
should aim for, but they can still have a place in your
chronicle (see Chapter Three: Storytelling). You
might like to think about limiting the geographic
scope of your game to take full advantage of the
suggestions above. Whether you set your story in a
single vast city like Saigon or a district or small
country like Singapore, the more limited range of
play and poorer resources available to the govern-
ment make it less likely that a charactet's political
ties will allow her to run roughshod overa Storyteller's
carefully laid plans. Even so, players should be forced
to pay a price for this help by becoming involved in
the lowest rung of political games, the cat and mouse
fighting between political loyalists for supporters
and money on the streets.

THrouchH 4 BROKEN
Mirror, Darky

The streets tend to be a prosaic setting, somewhat
removed from the mystical and spiritual aspects of
Kindred of the East. But the dawning of the Sixth
Age is changing some of this, literally bring pieces of
hell to the urban underworld. In certain areas the


Appennjx: Roap Rutes ror THE Dark Merropous

corruption of the natural order has made the Wall
semi-permeable, allowing a limited merging of the
Yomi and mortal realms. Called "broken mirrors" by
the Kuei-jin, these places are full of shattered mortals
and spirits, all preyed upon by devils reveling in the
corruption around them and the half-mortal state
they have acquired, a glimpse of the future under a
Demon Emperor.

Where ann Wax

Broken mirrors are isolated phenomena for now,
and if you want to use the idea of emergent Yomi
Realms, you should site them very specifically for your
chronicle. The areas need not be physically hidden,
but they should be places where hell already seems to
be on Earth for many of the inhabitants. Mortal pain.
should be your guide to placing broken mirrors. Some
concrete suggestions appear below.

The Wau ann Pajn

Broken mirrors form in places that violate the
natural order of things, places where the Wall is
strong because of a lack of ambient Chi, places
devoid of natural life or spiritualism. Such a separa-
tion from the spiritual often reflects (and helps
promote) a lack of hope among the locals. When
misery and pain are continually poured into the
void left by the natural world, slowly a rift to the
Yomi World opens. The amount of suffering has to
be substantial enough to cause an insidious inver-
sion in the role of local spirit guardians. These
entities become so totally crushed that their exisi
ences are unbearable and they hammer on the Wall
from the Mirror Lands, trying to destroy the cause
of their pain. The spirits of mortals who die under
the horrific conditions of these hells-in-the-mak-
ing become trapped as well, hammering on the
other side of the Wall, trying to gain admittance to
the Spirit Realms and some surcease from the tor-
ment that has followed them even in death. Even
the living mortals must exist in the very essence of
suffering: pain without malice, pain without end, a
gray amorphous nothingness that kills hope even as
it inflicts agony. This requirement means that tor-
ment from an identifiable nemesis is rarely enough;
the crushing hopelessness of slavery or even of the
worst corporate culture is more effective. The mor-
tals concerned must believe that escape is impos-
sible — were their tormentor to vanish, another
would just replace him. When all these conditions
are met, then the Wall begins to sunder, weakening
enough to allow the passage of Chi from the mortal
world to the Spirit Realms. This process builds until
the faintest traces of Chi from this hellish place
reach the Yomi Realms.

CONVERGENCE OF TajnTEeD Cuj

The tainted Chi of these tortured mortal lands
attracts the Yomi Realms. The affected regions' low
levels of natural Chi are infected by what can only be
described as the spiritual essence of pain, which arises
from the constant suffering within these places and
bad feng shui that causes it to multiply on itself rather
than dissipate. The mix produces a taint not unlike
the Demon Chi of the Yomi Realms; when this Chi
connects to the seething spiritual morass of those
realms, it sets up a current. Slowly the movement of
Demon Chi from the Yomi Realms to these mortal
hellholes grows and the local Mirror Lands are ab-
sorbed into the Yomi Realm. Eventually the Wall
becomes porous, allowing devils to infect the mortal
world directly and sucking the spirits of these places
further into Yomi forevermore.

The nature of this suffering-tainted Chi deter-
mines what Yomi Realm is attracted. Thankfully,
mortals are nowhere near as inventive as devils and
very few places in Yomi are like anywhere on Earth.
Indeed, so far only the Wicked City has formed any
lasting connections with areas of urban blight. The
Hell of Burrowing Maggots also has a growing link
with centers of disease and pestilence, but it is less
secure (see p. 78). Pessimistic Kuei-jin elders predict
that as the Sixth Age progresses, more and more hells
will expand into the Middle Kingdom until there is no
difference between the two and a Demon Emperor
reigns over all.

Certainly, other Yama Kings and their akuma are
working to make up ground lost to Mikaboshi and his
Wicked City. So feel free to add more hells to the list
if you have a few favorites that you'd like to inflict on
the world (and the characters in your chronicle). The
only real limitation is that the suffering in the hells
should bear some resemblance to the suffering in the
chosen mortal location.

A Few Nice Spors jn Hem

Urban blight, corporate banality, rampant egos
and greed, amorality, and the hopelessness of those
caught in a system without natural purpose are the
elements that the Wicked City and a few of worst
urban centers in Asia have in common. Few mortal
cities are utterly without hope, however, and so stable
broken mirrors are rare despite Asia's. ever-growing
metropolises. In some cases, the affected zone is only
an office or a building, but once he has his claws in,
Mikaboshi sets about expanding his hold. Legions of
corrupted architects, social workers and engineers are
spawned and sent out to further the blight as the Yama
King seeks to draw more and more of the mortal world
into his grasp. Mikaboshi's agents have had the most
success in the banking centers of Hong Kong, the
Shinjuku district in Tokyo, on Paoan Street in Taipei,
and downtown Bangkok.

106

The stinking foulness of the garbage created by a
major metropolis is something that most mortals
have little wish to endure. For some, however, driven
by poverty, starvation and utter desperation, these
places become home. In lean-tos built of detritus,
the urban poor eat what other people have thrown.
out, rotting and fetid. They spend all day digging
through the stinking heaps, looking for anything of
value that they might be able to sell. In many ways
these hopeless souls, afflicted by disease and blighted
by starvation, are human maggots burrowing through
the waste of a careless and brutal society. Despite
Mikaboshi's pride at what his Wicked City has
achieved, Rangda has more footholds in the mortal
world than he. Almost every major metropolis in
South and Southeast Asia has a pit of reeking despair
where the Hell of Burrowing Maggots has started to
emerge. From Calcutta to Manila and Jakarta to
Bangkok, Rangda's minions are infecting the long-
ignored dumping zones of Asia.

Systems anp Errects

Within broken mirrors, the laws of the mortal
world still govern, not those of Yomi. However, only
a very careful or very foolish Kuei-jin uses mystical
powers in these tainted places, for the results of even
seemingly innocuous actions can be an eternity of
suffering in Yomi proper. There are also many resi-
dents who possess strange powers or are possessed by
bizarre spirits, beings whose actions are as much
influenced by Yomi as by the mortal world. The
sections below lay out various systems to simulate
such dangers and terrors.

Everypay Errecrs

There is no discernable physical sign of entering
a broken mirror and no special difficulty doing so.
Indeed, millions of mortals move into such zones
every day to work in mindless jobs or return to the
squalor in which they live. More aware of their
nature than mortals, however, Kuei-jin may feel a
sense of malice in the blighted areas. You can ask
players to make Perception + Awareness or Percep-
tion + Enigmas rolls to pinpoint the feeling, but all
Cathayans feel their P'o stir within them. The first
time a character experiences this sensation, the player
should make a standard check for Shadow Soul.

There is no normal Chi to be found in broken
mirrors, only Demon Chi, or Chi so corrupted by
suffering as to be its equivalent. This prevalence of
Demon Chi empowers a Kuei-jin's P'o while she is
within a broken mirror. The Hun faces a +2 difficulty
penalty on all Shadow Nature rolls; once one fails,
the P'o remains in control at least until the Kuei-jin
leaves the broken mirror. A truly cunning P'o may
come to realize this and seek to remain, allowing it to
maintain its control over many nights. Demon Chi

King Srers

can be refreshed as fast as a Cathayan desires, though
feeding requires a Shadow Nature roll, the tainted
Chi being so rich in Demonic power that consuming
it causes the P'o to rise up.

Akuma revel in the corruption of the broken
mirrors, and the extra powers they gain through the
closeness of the Yomi Realms makes them incredibly
dangerous opponents. Clever akuma have learned to
keep havens within these corrupted areas, strong-
holds to retreat to if they are threatened or perfect
locations from which to ambush unsuspecting en-
emies. More than one Kuei-jin has met Final Death
when an akuma they have been hunting suddenly
turns the tables on the friendly ground of a broken
mirror. The akuma's player gains a-I difficulty bonus
for all powers, -2 if the infernalist serves the Yama
King who controls the broken mirror. The akuma can
also draw as much Demon Chi as he desires if he can
absorb Chi via osmosis or breath. This makes an
akuma very dangerous and you should give your
players plenty of warning — or an escape route —
before setting them up for a night of devil hunting in
a broken mirror.

Broken mirrors have so far not appeared near
dragon nests. The reasons for this are not known,
though some Kuei-jin speculate that the natural
flow of Chi to such sites does not allow for the
build-up of taint required to build a bridge to Yomi.
Rangda and Mikaboshi would certainly like to be
able to expand broken mirrors undet their sway to
include such powerful sites; the potential for them
to corrupt the Chi of entire regions is too tempting
a possibility to ignore. In Tokyo, for instance, the
fighting between Mikaboshi's minions in Shinjuku
and the varied shen protecting the large dragon nest
under the Imperial Palace in Kanzai has only just
started, but it promises to be a brutal and uncom-
promising war of extermination.

The immoral perversions of Yomi warp mortals
who live within these corrupted places. Violence,
lust, despair and all the worst human traits multi-
ply, while murders, rapes, robberies and suicides
become accepted facts of life in a broken mirror.
Debauched revelries, domestic violence, incest,
back-stabbing ambition, informing, and pure mal-
ice are second nature to many residents; even can-
nibalism pops up among them. Any concept of
human morality or the mandate of Heaven vanishes
beneath a swelter of hatred, pain and the pointless-
ness of existence. The Chi of such mortals is tainted
as mentioned above and their corruption makes
them highly susceptible to possession by Yomi spir-
its, though some Kuei-jin claim there is little differ-
ence between the mortals living in these little hells
and bakemono in any event.

Bakemono within a broken mirror are very dan-
gerous, mainly because they can't be truly killed.

Appennjx: Roan Rutzs ror THE Dark MerroPous

Elsewhere in the mortal world, killing the host that a
Yomi spirit has infested also kills the spirit (or at least
sends it screaming back to Hell); in a broken mirror,
with the powers of Yomi so close, the spirits simply
leaps to another target. After a host is destroyed, a
successful Willpower roll against a difficulty of 8 will
allow the bakemono to take possession of another
mortal body. The higher the number of successes, the
shorter the time this takes. How long exactly is up to
the Storyteller, using the drama of the moment and
strength of the characters as the best factors determin-
ing whether the bakemono posses the yuppie in the
office overlooking the fighting and jumps right back
into the fray.

The only solution to this dilemma is to lure the
bakemono out of the broken mirror, where the nor-
mal rules of the mortal world reassert themselves, or
to enter Yomi and destroy the spirit there. Bakemono
are numerous in broken mirrors because demonic
spirits can move into Yomi relatively easily, and
Mikaboshi and Rangda both find many uses for their
possessed servants. From policemen to tea ladies,
characters will find the demon-haunted in every
level of society, sometimes with little purpose other
than to further the misery of the inhabitants, even by
such small acts of petty cruelty as issuing parking
tickets and serving awful tea. Generally, however,
bakemono are relatively subtle despite their num-
bers and powers. The Yama Kings know that time is
on their side, and aside from seeking to stop any
attempts to repair the Wall in the broken mirrors,
they are content to let mortals condemn themselves
with only the slightest of help.

DjscjPijnes anp RjtEs

The unhealthy situation in a broken mirror affects
several Kuei abilities, making them difficult or
outright dangerous to use. Quite often, Cathayans
discover an area's hell-taint after experiencing some
of these difficulties.

¢ Equilibrium: Equilibrium focuses on the natu-
ral flow of Chi, but within a broken mirror there is no
such thing, especially as far as its denizens are con-
cerned. To reflect this, all Equilibrium attempts
suffer a +2 difficulty penalty. Also, attempts to actu-
ally manipulate the Chi in other beings (per Chi
Mastery) always fail. Any attempt to corrupt the Chi
flow in a resident of a broken mirror has the reverse
effect, healing damage taken by the victim, though
the effect wears off in a number of rounds equal to the
Equilibrium successes.

107

© Tapestry: Tapestry is the worst-affected disci-
pline. Kuei-jin find themselves unknowingly reach-
ing into Yomi with this power, only to discover that
Demon Chi acts very differently than normal Chi.
The following effects are unavoidable by any but the
most powerful arhat. Spirit Call brings forth only
malign spirits, who will attack ona fumble. Chi Ward
fails, but draws devil-possessed mortals who feel the
tremors in the Wall's broken shards. Chi Shaping only
brings bad joss, always towards the weaver or his wu.
Ride the Dragon takes a Kuei-jin straight into the
appropriate hell, but not back out (unless the Story-
teller is feeling particularly compassionate). Chi Rift
does the same and draws in all of the affected Kuei-
jin's nearby companions as well.

© Demon Arts: The Demon Arts work all too well
where Yomi is strong. Consequently, players find all
their difficulties reduced by 1, though the Hun's
difficulty for the subsequent Shadow Soul roll is
raised by 2 (as noted above).

© Cultivation: Practitioners of Cultivation often
find themselves overpowered by their P'o within a
broken mirror. Any attempt to communicate with a
P'o, their own or another's, results in the character
making a Shadow Nature roll with the standard +2
difficulty penalty to the Hun (as noted aboye).

© Rites: For the most part, Kuei-jin rites (those
that aren't purely social in nature) simply do not
work in a broken mirrors; the natural order is too
perverted. A Cathayan who so desired could create
tites specific to these Yomi-infected places; certain
akuma probably have done so, but such rites would
have few results other than the malefic. All but two
rites simply fail. Behold the Spirits Doorway always
finds a doorway, but it leads straight to the appropri-
ate hell. The Rite of Supplication opens a gateway
into the appropriate hell that stays open until the
ritualist is dead or a specially created jade plug is used
to close it. The plug can be created using pieces of
blue and white jade, which are blessed by a Kuei-jin
ancestor (or mortal holy man) who knows the appro-
priate rituals, and then thrown simultaneously into
the gate, the blue from the mortal side, the white
from the Yomi side. This final requirement means
that someone has to volunteer to stay behind and
escape from Yomi the hard way.

Pouring THE Mjrror Back ToceTHer Agajn

Inevitably, when characters discover that their least favorite Yama King is moving in next door,
they will want to try to evict him. Doing so is not an easy process. In fact, with the slow turning of
the Wheel toward the Sixth Age, there is no sure way to repair a broken mirror and restore the proper
Chi balance.

That doesn't mean it's impossible, simply that mo single method works in all cases.
Following are some elements and strategies that can help heal a blighted place. As Storyteller,
decide which one (or ones) are necessary for a particular spot. Use the size and duration of the
broken mirror as an indication of relative difficulty. Sealing the Wall to Yomi im an area that
just became porous may only require defeating a few minor spirits and fostering some positive
mortal activity; repairing a blight that has grown for decades could involve a long quest into
the bowels of Yomi itself.

Possible strategies include:

© Mortal Endeavor: The basic prerequisite for healing a broken mirror is to foster a sense
of hope in this hopeless place. Accomplishing this is extremely difficult, not only because a
broken mirror is so vile, but because Kuei-jin are not the best candidates for making humans
at ease. It requires a subtle touch, influencing truly generous souls to risk themselves in the
worst places on Earth.

© Rituals: Purification rituals used to be far more common among the Kuei-jin than they are
todayMany of the old ways have failed or been sabotaged by akuma and other servants of Yomi.
Still, some ancestors still know the secrets of purification and might be convinced to help heal
a broken mirror.

© Spiritual Aid: Nature and life spirits can play an important role in healing Yomi taint, but
gaining their aid is rarely easy. The local spirits have already been consumed or harmed by the
mirror, so few of their fellows want to tisk the same fate. Kuei-jin must strike a bargain with powerful
Spirits to bring their resources to bear.

© Defeating Yomi: Broken mirrors are more than a force of tainted naturé, they are the
work of various devils from the Yama World. Defeating the creatures who are actively
maintaining and furthering the mirror can help heal the land. In the case of small and new
mirrors, these may be minor devils; in major areas of taint, the Yama Kings themselves may
take a personal interest.


With Blood in the Guttexs

The Middle Kingdom's glimmering high-rises and endless slums
provide a vast tapestry for the Cathayans who prey on the living
Violence, abuse and death crowd together in a sea of pain

and filth, in which the Kuei-jin swim like sharks.

The Hungry Dead
fh ay] heik Games

Killing Streets exp ike the dark comers of Asian'cities
Rei ec igu@athayand within tyém. Blom te
Yakuza and.other international crime cartels to the
dictators' work camps, from the glamorous clubs of
Tokyo to the slums of Manila, this book provides an
array of characters, resources and story seeds.

Killing Streets induces:

© A survey of Asian crime, including the Yakuza and

Triads;

® A host of Cathayans and other street-dwellers ready
for use in your chronicle;

© Details on the incursions‘of the Wicked City on Earth

ISBN 1-58846-21 80
WW2930_ $15.9

UL

9
