# File: Kindred of The Ebony Kingdom.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A SOURCES. ON APA LOE AMEE THE MATSURADE


By JusTIN ACHILLI, JASON FELDSTEIN, JoDDIE GRAY, WILL HINDMARCH.
Art MARMELL AND VORONICA WHITNEY-ROBINSON.

VAMPIRE CREATED BY MARK REIN*HAGEN


CREDITS
Written by: Justin Achilli, Jason Feldstein, Joddie Gray,
Will Hindmarch, Ari Marmell and Voronica Whitney-
Robinson. Vampire and the World of Darkness created
by Mark Reine Hagen.

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein*® Hagen
Additional Material: Dale Donovan, Alan I. Kravit and

James Lowder

Editor: Carl Bowen

iw

PUBLISHING

8 al

Developed by: Justin Achilli

Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout & Typesetting: Kieran Yanner
Interior Art: Guy Davis, Michael Gaydos, Leif Jones,
Vince Locke, Ken Meyer, Jr., Christopher Shy, Drew
Tucker, Kirk Van Wormer and Conan Venus.
Back Cover Art: Leif Jones

Front & Back Cover Design: Kieran Yanner

1904 LITTON DR
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

USA

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction
without the written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except
for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Mas-
querade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning,
World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the
Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity and Kindred of the Ebony
Kingdom are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Allcharacters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and intended
for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.


| Sa ate
CA ee OSS FE
note aint

BATE

Ara

TABLE @r COMIENTS
CHAPTER ONE: THE EBONY (KINGDOM 4
CHAPTER Two: LEGACIES Ae
CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION 64
CHAPTER Four: DIscIPLINES AND OTHER WITCHERY 92
CHAPTER FIVE: GEOGRAPHY 116
CHAPTER SIX: STORYTELLING 148
CHAPTER SEVEN: ANTAGONISTS AND BESTIARY 170
APPENDIX: MINOR LEGACIES AND CLANS 194



CrAPrEeR =ON E:

mE BONY
KINGDOM

The Devil turns against its friend.
—Luyia Proverb

I have no memories of Africa in the daytime. In this

Iam well suited to the task of telling you the ways of
the Laibon, for I've never actually known these creature:
as mortal men and women. There's a kind of clarity in
this: I've only seen the Ebony Kingdom for its monsters

A wise man considers carefully everything I've seen
and wonders why I care to share it. A fool believes me or
ignores me. The fact is that you decide how to make use
of my story but only I know why it's told.

The truth in any tale is like a diamond: precious and
tiny. It must be associated with filthy coal to be appreci-
ated and can only be had through excruciating patience
or shrewd bargaining. Once you have it, you will be
tempted to show it to people, which is when thieves will
think to steal it from you.


How -To.Use Tuis Book
This book is arranged a bindifferently fromporher titles in the Vampire line, owing largely to the uniqueness
of i$ subject matter.
This chapter, Chapter One, details the: Ebony Kingdommin overview, introducing the broadest elements of
the'setting:
a> Chapter Two presents the legacies'of thedsaibon, the "clans" of African vampires.
3 -Chatacter creation is the focus of Chapter Three, with an emphasis.on thinking about the characters of this
Bnew setting with a-tenewed, freshness.
a Distiplines;powers"and strange sorceries comprise Chapter»Four, including local treatments of the core
J Disciplines that Western Kindred mightwtake for granted.
Avsurveyrof the region's political geography makes up Chapter Fivé; which also includes maps for your,
convenience.
Chapter Six focuses on stotytelling with the singular purpose of placing the African experience at the heart
i of achronicle.
Chapter Seven outlines several antagonists the Laibon might run afoul of in the Ebony Kingdom; as well as
a bestiary of more mundane threats.
Finally, a few nofi-fative clans and,rare legacies make up the Appendix.

WHAT' Tuts. Book Is AND Isn't
Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom doesn't pretend to,be a travelogue or history of Africa. Rather, it is an
expansion of the Vamipire setting int6 a portion of the world that has remained unexamined thus far. Such being
the case, you're going to want to.do'some research of your own when planning or playinga Vampire chronicle
Set in Africa. We have only so many pages touse in this book, and we're not ashamed to say that we're not going
totdevote too many of them to reprinting material you would beable to find elsewhere. Take'a trip to the library,
hit a search-engine on the Web or talk to an €xpeft to round out your'African experience, or even. as a preface,

tosee what ideas inspifé You or resonaté with you the most. This book will. be here both before andafter, so you'll
be able to see how your newfound knowledge fits in with the Continent's vampiric population.

THEME AND Moop

The primary thethe of Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom is that times change, and with that passage of time,
so must vampires adapt lest they marginalize themselves and-ultimately prove to be their own doom. This has
occurred to the Laibonata slower rate thaftit has to the rest of the world, largely owing to much of Africa's Third-
Worldstatus andthe relative paucity of Information Age luxuries that most of us take forgranted. Still, the elders
have realized:it at this point, and one of the higher-concept conflicts is them figuring out just what to do with
themselves in a kingdom that's inevitably going to have to deal with creeping modernization. The neonates
won't sit by and accept the kingdom's old ways if they don't think they have to, and the elders‘certainly aren't
going to give up. any more privilége or influence than they absolutely must, so where is the compromise struck?

The secondary theme is one that's very near'and déar-to Vampire, but it can always prove to be a solid
foundation for stories: the war of ages, the,Jyhad. It fits neatly with the primary theme but can" exist
independently. Modernization need notalways be the issue at hand. The eternal struggle between elders who
have had centuries to garner resources and thé neonates who want them but often find slim pickings manifests
here just@S.itdoes everywhere.

Finally, family is atheme.inithe Ebony Kingdom, owing to the fact that that's exactly what clansas "legacies"
ate. While this idea doesn't relegate the legacies to the status of fratetnities:or teams, they do connote asense
of community if not camaraderie. Such will also be the case with the "tribes" or extended coteries'that.make
up geographical communities of Laibon. Certainly, struggle exists inside these familial units, but that adds a
degree of depth to thé relationship — it's not just you against a rival, it's yowagaifist'arival who's your brother.

On to moodwDespite being a land of sun and heat, Africa in Vampire's World of Darkness feels forever under
ashroud of night. The‘moodiis one of isolationism, of being "in the dark" as much by choice as by destiny. Let
light ahd darkness be symbols throughoutyyour chronicles. Portray the dawning light of social progress, but also
show the darkness that'accompanies it.in,the form of dictators or military coups. You can even be ambiguous,
illustrating the "light" of modernization as well asithe less savory elements it introduces.to a culture that iSnot
necessarily prepared for it:


PF Sa
COP ay Cnn

~

SA

I know all about diamonds. I was born a mortal
somewhere in western Africa near what would now be
Sierra Leone. For some reason | was taken with my
parents across the Atlantic to the American colonies. By

my estimate, this would be sometime near the year 1750,
possibly earlier. My first memories of daylight are from
Virginia. Early in the American Revolution, the British
offered freedom to those slaves who would serve Her
Majesty's interests during the war. Thc

e of us who

free men.

agreed would then be sent to Canada to live ¢
In my cz ase, the freedom never really came. The British
"officer" who made this offer to myself and a handful of
other men came to us after dark with a promise for real
power over the American slavers. Three of us were
vampires by morning, scattered to wreak English havoc
on the colonials. I don't know what happened to those
other bastards, but I found that British officer one night

in 1777, and drank him dry before I'd learned anything of

bloodsucking custom. Then I spent a few quiet years in
Canada that I don't much remember now.

An effort to repatriate the freed slaves was made by
the British in 1792 as further reward for service during the
Revolution. The city of Freetown was founded in Sierra
Leone as a new home for human cattle collected from all
over the African continent. A generous and stupid idea.
However, one ship of Her Majesty's fleet fell behind
schedule and spent a whole night loaded up in harbor, so
I boarded her with the feeling that accidentally burning

icp
se

=e
AS
a

Ser

a
Sant

to death in daylight at sea would be preferable to elk's
blood for eternity. As it happens, it wasa relatively simple
task to stay out of the sunlight aboard ship. Feeding was
only slightly more difficult, due to a lack of privacy but I
think every Kindred and Laibon can appreciate the
benefits of restraint in his early nights.

I came to the Dark Continent at night. From the sea,
Freetown was a simple spread of black earth, brilliant
speckled sky and windy, snapping firelight. By foot, it was
much the same. In some way, I had honestly expected
Africa to be somehow familiar. Since then I've learned

something better. Africa, some part of it, is strange to
everyone. Even after decades and centuries of posturing
and maneuvering, the undead monsters can't always
understand each other. Anything that claims to know
Africa that well is lying.

LAIBON SOCIETY

The ageless existence and long memory of a vampire
causes it to seek out others of its kind. Communities of
Laibon become families over time, drawn closer together
in resistance to the expanse of modern change. Laibon

are social monsters, after all, with one eye on the prey and
the other on the home.

A Laibon community often has a distinct collective
identity descended from mortal and undead heritages.
The societal structures of Laibon domains are made up of


customs, traditions and ideals culled from supernatural and
historical sources. Laibon existence most often centers on
the activities of local importance. A collection of Laibon
centered on a traditional homeland town might simply
choose to be unaffected by strife in a nearby region.

The extreme granularity of Laibon society makes it
difficult to generalize. While a stratum of vampiric cul-
ture links the Laibon territories across the continent,
millennia of local history and cultural disparity divide the
individual domains. There is no overriding authority to
homogenize the behavior of Laibon in Mauritania and
Ethiopia. The sometimes-distant, sometimes-absent
Guruhi are the closest resemblance to a continental
constant we have to consider.

Ancestry, culture and folklore, more than anything
else, is what Laibon have in common. Thousands of years
of Laibon cultural influences have gathered and spread
across the continent, beneath the mortal fibers in every
vampire. TI a natural phenomenon from unnatural
beings. All vampires have the same thirst, the same
undying demands, influencing us in our blood.

THE LEGACIES

The legacy is the cultural kernel of the Laibon.
African vampires place a great deal of importance on the
responsibilities and entitlements associated with one's
legacy. It's like a family, in that the legacy is the funda-
mental connection between Laibon but is, in practice,
often not a real factor of social interactions. Relatives
who dwell around you are likely to be a major part of your
existence. Were you to meet a distant family member,
you might be able to use that familial connection, or you
might be disregarded as just some like-named stranger.

At the same time, the familial bond can be strong
enough to overcome doubts, suspicion or xenophobia.
When I came to Sierra Leone, | was granted remarkable
cultural leeway because my mortal and Laibon blood
flowed from here. That seemed to soften the suspicions
some other Laibon held against me as an outsider.

Like any family, each legacy is connected by blood.
Bloodlines stretch back to the ancestor whose power was
so great that some residue of it continues to influence the
blood of contemporary Laibon even 13 or 14 generations
removed. I can't say exactly how this blood interacts with
its counterparts, but I can tell you this: I have no knowl-
edge of my blood's European origins, but the Akunanse
Laibon in Freetown recognized me as one of their own.
How, I don't know. Something intrinsic, some spiritual
charge passed into my blood that resonates with theirs.

Younger Laibon do not experience this sensation, and
the degree to which I have felt it suggests to me that it may
be an imagined psychic phenomena, and yet | have an
undeniable vampiric relationship to the Akunanse | met in
Freetown. It's something like having a grandfather's eyes or

Somes ama  ae See

manner of speech, except the traits are like magic. I have a
love for stories, as do my Akunanse cousins here, and in the
last few decades, I have been finding markings on my back
that somewhat a resemble a rare breed of spider.

I'm told this is desirable among "my people." The
spider spins webs as an Akunanse spins stories or histo-
ries. Indeed, Akunanse and spiders spin webs for exactly
the same reasons.

AFRICA AT A GLANCE

Strictly speaking, the portions of the continent south
of the Sahara comprise the recognized Ebony Kingdom
with a few troubled and/ or rogue domains in the desert
itself (don't worry — Chapter Four includes a map).
Because not everyone will be as familiar with Africa as
they are with, say, Europe, the following list includes the
countries of the continent as well as a bit of quick data on
them to give readers some idea of what the country is like.

The area of the nation is its size in square miles. The
population, obviously, is the number of people who
dwell there. Density is the population divided by the
area — how many people might occupy the average
square mile, which gives some idea of how crowded a
nation is. The gross domestic product is the value, in
sum, of goods and services in a nation. The GDP per
capita is the gross domestic product divided by the
population, or each person's share in the national assets.
Life expectancy estimates the length of the nation's
average citizen, while the fertility statistic suggests the
number of children a typical woman will have over her
lifetime. The annual growth rate defines the change in
population as a percentile.

Note that this table includes information on nations
that are not necessarily part of the Ebony Kingdom.
That's simply for the sake of completeness, and nations
not within the Ebony Kingdom's boundaries have their
names in italics.

THE DOMAINS

The domain is the component element of the conti-
nental kingdom. Across Africa, there are untold hundreds
of domains operating on the single social foundation that
links them together as a kingdom. Each domain is a
community allied to some degree against outside influ-
ences. The domains ally together to some extent to
uphold the traditions of the kingdom. The kingdom
bands together, more or less, against vampiric influence
from abroad.

I have been to countless domains across the conti-
nent, and I have few examples I can give you that describe
a majority of them. Different situations result in different
domains. The only structure all of the domains share is
that which stems from the figurehead at the core of each
territory. Each domain really amounts to little more than


— if
Noddy Population'. " Density: Grose Domiestien WGDP' 2) Vile Exp. Fertility, Growth
. Product per capita Rate
Algeria 919,591 30,480,793 33 120,400 3,950 69 3.48 2.18
Angola 481,352 10,864,512 23 8,200 755 47 6:27 3.06
Benin 43,483 6,100,799 140 11,300 1,852 53 6.56 331
Botswana 231,803 1488;454 6 5,000 3,359 45 4.14 1.48
ef Burkitia Faso 105,869. 11,266,393 106 10,300 914 42 6.72 2.45
DB Burvendi 10,745 5,537,387 515 4,000 722 49 6.48 2.11
Se mesbors 183,568 15,029,433 82 30,900 2,056 53 5.93 2:86
a Central African Repe240,533 3,375,711 14 2,500 741 745 5.35 2.01
BD chat 495,753 7,359,512 15 4,300 584 48 5.19 2.67
| Comoros 838 545,528 400 733 60 5.54 3,09
Congo-Brazzaville 132,046 2,658)123 5,250 1,975 46 5.06 215
3 Congo-Kinshasa. 905,564 49,000,511 18,000 367 47 658 234
| (formerly Zaire)
Djibouti 8,494 440,722 520 1,180 51 6.01 151
Egypt 386,660 6,050,004 * 267,100 4,044. 62 3.5 1.89
Equatorial Guinea * "10830 454,001 660 1,454 53 5.11 2.57
Eritrea 46,842 3,842)436 2,200 573 51 6.47 6.35
{ Ethiopia 435,184 58,390,351 29,000 497 47 6.94 2.67
Gabon 103,348 1,207,844 i 6,000 4,968 56 3.85 1.47
B Gainbia 4,363 1,291,858 1,230 952 53 5.98 3.48
Ghana 92,100 18,497,206 36,200 1,957 56 43 221
Guinea 94,927 7,477,110 8,300 1,110 46 5.66 Ld
B Guinea-Bissau 13,946 1,206,311 1,150 953 49 5.26 2.33
| Ivor'Coast 154,502 15,446,231 25,800 1,670 45 6.06 2.35
" Kenya 224,962 28,332,071 45,300 1,599 54 4.26 243
Lesotho 1,218 2,089,829 500 2,440 52 4.22 1.83
Liberia 43,000 2,771,901 2,600 938 59 6.16 6.92
Libya 679,359 5,690,727 38,000 6,678 65 6.19 3.64
; Madagascar 726,656 14,462,509 10,300, 712 53 5.83 2.82

Malawi ‘ 45,745 9,840,474 8,600 874 35 5.77 1.57
Mali. 478,765 10,108,569 6,000 594 47 7.09 3.18
Mauritania 397,954 2,511,473 4,100 1,633. 6.76 3.17
Morocco 172,413) 29,114,497 107,000 3,675 70 3.47 2.02
Mozambique 309,494 18,641,469 14,600 783 45 6.11 2.6
Namibia 318,259 1,622,328 6,200 3,822 65 5,05 2.94
Niger 489,189 9,671,848 6,300. 651 41 7.37 2.98
Nigeria 4 356,668 110,532,242 132,700 1,201 55, 6.17 3.05
Rwanda 10,170 7,956,172 3,000 377 ay" 5.93, 8.24
Sao Tomé and Principe. 371 150,123) 154 1,026 64 422 5.54
Senegal 75,749. 9,723,149, 15,600 1,604 57 6.24 3.35
p Sierta Leone 27,699 5,080,004 2,650 522) 48 6.29 3.54
Somalia 246,201 6,841,695 8,000 1,169. 6.76 3.03
South Africa 471,444 42,834,520 270,000 6/303 3.22 1.51
Sudan op 9675495 33,550,552 26,600 793 5.79 3.06
Swaziland 6,730 966,462 3,900. 4,035 6.01 3.24
Tanzania 364,900 30,608,769. 21,100 689 5:58 1.6
Togo. 21,927 4,905,827 6,200. 1,264 5 6.68, 3.54
Tunisia 63,170 9,380,404 56,500 6,023 252 1.48
Uganda 91,135 22,167,195 34,600 1,561 6.52 2.14
Zambia 290,853 9,460,736 8,800) 930. 6:48 2.02
Zimbabwe 150,803 11,044,147 24,900
‘Combined 11,645,170 758,075,927 1,467,514


the area inhabited by a group of like-minded or like-
blooded Laibon who abide by the judicial decisions of a
single territorial authority above them, whose position
was created by the Guruhi. That's the most scholarly
description I can give you, and it doesn't tell you very
much, really.

In some domains, these figureheads are little more
than that, in honorary positions of esteem. In others, they
are like tyrants or warlords, allowing other Laibon to
share their domains only out of the desire to see them
dance at their whim. A domain might consist of a single,
private or remote Laibon who is responsible for his
otherwise-unclaimed territory by default or a domain
might include a large Westernized city and the swelling
Laibon population around it. A domain might have a
very quiet, accepted social order that's been running
smoothly for a hundred years, or a domain might be a
tangled net of political tripwires in a constant state of
redefining itself. It's all subject to the customs of the
region and the whim of the domain's overseer.

This method of organization descends from the tra-
dition of power being bestowed upon the eldest Laibon,
which the elders tell us is integral to the Laibon exist-
ence. The power accumulated by elders over the centuries
is the natural law of the Laibon. The eldest are the wisest,
strongest and most enduring, therefore they survive for
centuries, therefore they are the best suited to leadership.
A Laibon who wanders off will have great difficulty
proving his age to those who haven't known him for
decades, so he risks losing his position of power. So
Laibon cluster together (socially more than geographi-
cally, sometimes) into domains where success and
experience can be easily tracked and rewarded.

Put another way, social mobility and physical mobility
are opposing forces in Laibon society. Those Laibon who do
take up a traveler's existence, like myself, either have no
interest in pursuing complex relationships with their
undead kin or plan to do it somewhere else, some time later.

In the Congo, I know of several domains that span
startlingly large stretches of land with populations of four
or five Laibon. Kinshasa, especially, has several bordering
domains that seem to have recognized domain within
their own boundaries. These are all matters of customary
territory and are overseen by Laibon who have inhabited
those lands for three or four hundred years. The tightly
knit broods of Laibon within those domains are like
demonstrations of pre-colonial life; their social dynamics
have resisted outside change since Europe's Renaissance.

A domain I occasionally visit in Mozambique is
popular for an unpopular reason: The magaji there in
known for very liberal interpretations of Laibon cus-
toms, which attracts thin-blooded younger vampires
and foreigners. Since her community enjoys the exist-
ence and the neighbors have not (or cannot yet) present

a meaningful deterrent, there is no higher power to
dissuade such behavior.

This touches on one traditional belief about Laibon
territories. Culture and heritage are considered more
proper foundations for a community than political or
(especially modern) popular trends. The idea, I think, is
that deathless beings who are weak enough to be swayed
by mortal fads are not suited for power. Anyway, it is not
considered proper for a Laibon to wander off in search of
a domain that suits his petty fancy.

Since Laibon are selected, not born, the idea of a
social order that procreates culturally rather than bio-
logically is actually possible to achieve. Those Laibon
who participate in societal discussion would tell you
that it is the blessing that counters our curse. In my
experience, though, the eldest Laibon outgrow that
concept and the youngest think of it as propaganda. |
think the entire system is designed to reduce power
struggles and solidify authority wherever possible so
thatan eternal civilization can be built to accommodate
our undying selves.

Remember, though, | hold no titles in any domain.

Beneath the measured ambitions and the rigid hier-
archy lies a fundamentally mortal feeling that continues
to reinforce the gathering of Laibon into groups. The
Laibon in every domain regard each other as family,
sometimes going so far as to adopt familial relationships
and superimposing them over their vampiric blood ties.
In Freetown, I'm regarded as an uncle by some of the
young Laibon, for example, due to my age and tangential
relationship to the domain. A pair of Ishtarri Laibon in
the Sudan, Ubende and Ganhuru, call each other "cousin"
because their sires have the same sire. Since | last saw
them, they have taken over a domain there, but I can't
tell from our correspondence which of them has formally
taken on the role of magaji.

This familial bond makes the domain the strongest
Laibon social organization I know of. A slight against one
Laibon in the domain is far more likely to warrant a fatal
response from colleagues than the elimination of a West-
ern "Kindred" would, and I speak from experience. Family
struggles are frequent and messy, but they are also usually
suspended to overcome external conflicts. No creature
but me has the right to treat my brother the way I do.

MaaajJi

Each Laibon territory on the continent falls under
the supervision of a magaji. The magaji's responsibility
is to the domain he or she oversees, whether as a patron
or a despot. The connection between the magaji and
the territory is indisputable by anyone less than the
Guruhi. Even that is a delicate thing, as other legacies
hold more power in certain locales than even all the
local Guruhi combined.


A magaji (from the Boko language, meaning "king")
is not, strictly speaking, the master of her territory,
though she does enjoy some degree of subservience from
those who exist beneath her in status. In theory, the
magaji enjoys authority at the cost of responsibility, both
of which are bestowed upon her (or a predecessor) by the
Guruhi who claims the land. It'sa narrow role, really. The
magaji has the most inwardly focused duty in Laibon
society. Whereas less-important Laibon may still interact
with the outside world, the magaji is sometimes swamped
with matters of Laibon society.

This is one reason why magaji are very frequently the
oldest monsters in their territories. Elder Laibon have less
interest in the outside world, and the more entrenched
one becomes in vampire society, the more difficult it is to
extract oneself later. In truth, I will tell you that most
magaji I have met—and there are many —are the eldest
because they are the strongest. Therefore, the strongest
Laibon typically oversees the domain.

Oversight of a domain consists largely of interpreting
the Tenets. These are the laws of Laibon society that
empower the magaji as governor and judge. The magaji
welcomes new Laibon into the territory or sends them
away. The magaji sentences transgressors or pardons
them. The magaji upholds traditional custom or quietly
ignores it.

Historically, the position of magaji is granted by a
Guruhi, but tonight that's not always the case. A territory
might change hands through open or clandestine war-
fare, or it might pass down willingly from a retiree to a
protégé. Both events are uncommon, but they do hap-
pen. In Burundi there isa domain that is actually overseen
by a magaji named to the position by an elder council.
Neighboring magaji don't regard him as a genuine au-
thority, but the domain is small enough and quiet enough
to get by. Young, idealistic thin-bloods regard the place
as a shining example, yet no more than five or six Laibon
dwell there.

The innate bond between magaji and domain rein-
forces the rigid order. First, and most obviously, an
undying overseer may never need a successor. Secondly,
the boundaries of any domain depend on the magaji at its
heart. A strong magaji will have farther-reaching influ-
ence than a weakling. This has resulted in some massive
territories swelling and pressuring the neighboring do-
mains. With the disinterested, diminishing participation
of the Guruhi in nightly politics, more and more domains
shift one way or another without formal approval.

Take the territory that used to be sovereign in
Angola, for example. The handful of Laibon who dwelled
there eventually broke apart in a handful of territories
with one Laibon apiece. Each, informally, became magaji

by default, without the consent of the Guruhi. When
word spread of this disintegration, neighboring magaji
quickly took up those territories in a more official capac-
ity, though the former magaji within haven't moved and
haven't been subjugated in any meaningful way.

What's important to realize is that the relationship
between a Laibon and his territory is flexible but un-
breakable. The form of any domain is contextual, subject
to the understood relationships between participating
Laibon in the region. Those courtly orators who debate
social philosophy might exaggerate territorial shifts into
warfare, while the lone zebra-hunter might have his
homeland pass from one magaji to another and not find
out for a decade.

Yet the magaji is not supremely powerful. In the most
basic way, a weak or lax overseer can be unseated by a
greater number of more powerful vampires. You'd think
such events are necessarily rare, given the respect elder,
powerful Laibon say they have for the system, but the
magaji is often surrounded by a larger number of powerful
undead anyway. A magaji who falls terribly out of favor
does have consequences to suffer.

The camaraderie of Laibon within a territory
shouldn't be ignored, either. A great many magaji main-
tain their seats out of tradition. ("Undele's alw
magaji. That's his job.") This is, once again, an example
of the innate connection between the Laibon and the
role. The fact is that not every Laibon has a taste for that
kind of power, and fewer still have the knack for it.

A better story, which I can confirm to be true from
my time in Kenya, is that of Tsunda, magaji of a sizable
inland territory. His domain was granted to him directly
by the Guruhi, and circumstance had eventually left him
with a land of younger Laibon unable to influence him.
The kholo were children in comparison to him. Tsunda
was a bloodletting bastard, accustomed to violence and
fond of dangerous demonstrations of power before mortal
eyes. He was, then, unpopular with the local Guruhi, who
wasn't especially local by all accounts. Tsunda was dis-
membered before Laibon witnesses by a thick-maned
lion on his own property. Such things, as they say in that
domain now, do not happen by accident. The domain is
now held by one of the youngest magaji I know of, Kisha,
who has since been in frequent contact with the Guruhi.

Forall I've said about internal power struggles, I must
remind you of the difference between a magaji's relation-
ship with those in his domain and a magaji's relationship
with outsiders. Even those Laibon who resent or distrust
their own magaji will support him against outside forces
"There may be problems with my domain," a Nigerian
Osebo once told me, "but they're mine, and I won't give
them up."


Ruse rwurrmen

KHOLO

Each domain is also overseen formally or otherwise
by the kholo — a council of elders consisting of one
representative from each of the legacies in the domain. In
every case, these representatives are the Laibon proven to
be the eldest of their heritage in the land. I know of no
exceptions to this policy.

A note here about the language. The word kholo
refers to the collected body of elders who advise (or are
ignored by) the magaji as well as any individual member
of the body, such as the Shango kholo or a kholo of
Ugadja's domain. A magaji may or may not recognize a
kholo of his own legacy in addition to himself.

The Guruhi are often credited with the creation of
the kholo as an advisory force, even though councils of
elders had been formed in mortal circles before the
Guruhi bestowed the domains. This is not to diminish
that noble bloodline's reputation for wisdom, merely to
suggest its inspiration. Regardless, the kholo might just as
well be an invention of the common Laibon rather than
the magaji. They function as a clear and experienced
voice in the ear of every domain's figurehead, supplying
the necessary wisdom that no single soul could encom-
pass alone even with a century of nights behind him.

Magaji don't select, authorize or otherwise govern
the conventions of the kholo. The council and its prac-
tices are a distinct, separate tradition accepted into the
social order but not specially subject to it. The magaji has
no direct say who claims the kholo title any more than
the magaji may assign an age to someone. At best, the
magaji may endorse the kholo body (though this often
has no practical benefit); at worst, the magaji may choose
to disregard the kholo outright (which is unlikely to be
seen favorably by kholo or kin). The kholo, in turn, is not
exempt from the law of the land. The magaji does have
the authority to apply the Tenets to members of the kholo
as he or she sees fit, howev

To my surprise, there is actually very little ceremony
involved in the kholo which is consistent from one domain
to the next. Here, the kholo may be revered with rituals
and offerings from the magaji herself. There, the kholo
might just casually convene in an all-night gas station like
rustic locals. The only practice common toall kholos is the
method of appointment. Only the eldest may sit on the
council. In practice, of course, different domains have
different standards of acceptable proof of age.

This is one reason why so many established Laibon
are hesitant to move from one domain to another. Repu-
tation alone vouches for a great deal of the most powerful
Laibon, so there is no benefit to traveling outside the
boundaries of one's reputation. Patience and prudence
might be all a Laibon needs to win authority one night.

In many ways, there is no more desirable post than
that of kholo. It suggests wisdom, bestows some degree of

honor, grants authority, inspires respect and requires very
little on behalf of the title-holder. Although I'm not
foolish enough to name any for you, I could tell you about
a good many kholos who are obsolete dullards at best and
practicing idiots at worst. In the domain of a single
Ishtarri, the most foolish is king.

Counterpoint to this is the case of any domain with
a prolific sire. When just a few weeks separate the kholo
from his competition, conflicts consistently arise over
titles. More relevant to the issue in the modern nights is
the place thin-bloods hold. One small domain in Senegal
was quietly inhabited by 10 or 12 young licks (I think they
were Xi Dundu) before a handful asked to Belong. A year
orso later, the others sacrificed themselves to destroy the
Xi Dundu kholo there. For nine glorious months, a
vampire 13 generations removed from Cagn held the title
of kholo in that land before a 10th-generation Xi Dundu
was paid handsomely, I hear, to move in. The Eldest Are
Kholo and the Eldest Command Undeath, so that young
strategist was unseated and then expectedly drained dry.

FILLING THE VACANT SEAT

In 1985, I participated in the replacement of a kholo
in the Nigerian domain of a magaji called Nkule. Very
few Xi Dundu dwelled in this small dominion, so when
the eldest of the region was extinguished, a group of us
sought out a seventh-generation Xi Dundu thought to be
hunting near the Cameroon border. We couldn't find
any sign of the Laibon in question, but we understood
that Nkule's primary concern was keeping the resident
13th-generation Xi Dundu out of an influential position
in the domain.

Nkule's Osebo sword-bearer and I went across the
border and spent 16 nights seeking out a Xi Dundu willing
tocome back with us and accept some new authority. This
was more difficult than might be expected. This sort of
offer aroused all sorts of suspicion in Douala. Imagine how
much Nkule must have despised the idea of a young kholo
to accept any random outsider in his place?

I didn't return with Nkule's whip, though we did find
a 10th-generation Xi Dundu in good standing with the
Guruhi to return with him. In 1999, that Laibon claimed
the domain for himself against the wishes of the kholo but
with Guruhi consent. If what I hear about that Xi Dundu
is true, Nkule finally saw the sun rise.

Keep that story to remember how kholo politics
operate. It is often in the best interests of the kholo to
maintain a generation gap between themselves and their
would-be successors, so that up-and-comers will find no
one in the domain willing to assist them in winning the
position. Sometimes, like in Nkule's domain, this strat-
egy weakens the domain overall. Nkule had to choose
between the risk of elder blood from outside the domain
or the inauguration of pitiable youth. It's hard to say
which of these evils a magaji could say she preferred.


Se Seemed armed lieth Con) uae weet a Ok eK LE

A Brier Lexicon

Africais huge, and the parlance of the Laibon carries more specialized words than we can hope to print here.
What follows, then, are a few of the moreuniversal tetms used by African vampires. In all but the most isolated
domain, one Laibon-speaking tovanother (provided she knows the local language...) is unlikely to be
mistinderstood if shé uses oné of these commonly. understood terms.

Note also'that such a situation provides a wealth of opportunities.for Storytellers and players to research
or create their own terms,—and even to sow confusion by having the same word mean different things in
differént localities:

Akananse: A:legacy of vampires taking its name from the"Wwise spider" myths of Africa.

Aye: A vampire's terrestrial aspector physical self.

Bamba: One's childe, or affectionately, any vampire younger than"oneself.

Cagn: The progenitor of all vampires. Cagn is a creator-god among Bushman tribes in south-central Africa,
and in some inearnations governs sorcery and shape-changing. Sometimes ‘Spelled Kagn.

"Fire on the Mountain": A colloquial term fordiablerie, most often used in central and eastern Africa,
but generally familiar to alleAfrican vampires.

Followers*of Set: A legacy-of vampires that revetes the Egyptian god Set.

Guruhi: A legacy of vampires named after an evilGambian god.

Ishtarri: A legacy of vampires originating outside the Ebony Kingdom and named after the Mesopotamian/
Babylonian goddess of love'and war.

Kerrie: A walking stick,.used for,protection.as well as to aid travel.

Kholo: The eldest vampire of a given legacy in a giyen location. Also,a collected body of these vampires.
From the Chichéwa-for "parent" or "ancestor."

Kingdom: Territory claimed by a Guruhi, though this Guruhi is nownecessarily the magaji.of the domains
within the kingdom. All kingdoms in Aftica‘combined make up the Ebony Kingdom.

Kinyonyi: A legacy of vampires named after the Luganda word. for "bird."

Kuta: Literally, "turtle"; a term used té'signify a youing vampire, often patronizing or defogatory, much as
WesterttKindred would use the term "whelp?"

Laibon: An Aftican vampire or multiple African vampires. Also, laibon means "shaman" or "medicine
mah" in the‘Masai tongue.

Legacy: In the Ebony Kingdom, clans are referred to as legacies, tothe point of wholly replacing the word
"clan" itself (which is considered to be a Western affectation). In practice, legacies are more familial than
clans, sharing heritage and (sometimes grudging) respec

Magaji: The preeminent vampiref a'given domain; an African vampire "prince." From the Boko word
for."king:"

Naglopers: A debased and cruel-legacy of vampires.

Night-walker: A vampire. More loosely, any supernatural creature:

Obayifo: A witch.

Orun: A vampire's supernatural aspect or "higher'sélf."

Osebo: A legacy of vampires named after the leopard of many African legends.

Shango: A legacy of vampires named after the Yoruba god of magic, war and storms.

Xi Dundu: A legacy. of vampires who cast no shadow, from the Bavili word for "shadow."

Zombu: The walking dead; a "zombie."

)

i
q
i


Lecacies ROLes
ANP RELATIONSHIPS
INTHE FBONY KINGDOM

The Laibon of Africa's legacies do not exist in a
vacuum. They are more intricately linked than the clans
of Western "Kindred," probably due to the dominance of
the Guruhi. Therefore, the Laibon of the Ebony King-
dom are either for the Guruhi or against them, at least in
terms of respect for tradition. Since the clash between
tradition and modernization lies at the heart of Ebony
Kingdom politics and unlife, and because the conserva-
tive nature of the Kingdom's elder population nightly
comes into conflict with the often more progressive
young Laibon, it is important to understand how the
individual families of African vampires interrelate.

A\KUNANSE

These sages and wanderers of the Akunanse legacy
take their name from the "wise spider" legends of the
Ashanti and other West African tribes, and the name is
apt. Deeply in tune with the earth and its primal origins,
the Akunanse develop bestial features of the spider, the
lion, the hyena and the snake, among others, as they
wander down the read of centuries. ‘Restless, like many
predators, they,s6am the star-shrouded ‘nights of Africa,
seeking knowledge and wisdom, aswell as'the sBrEY they
need to sutviye?

Wandeflust fills the Akunanse, and ate
compéll&ato. needlesslysrestrietthemselvesst6'a Single
dontaine They travel. aétoss the Whole@f the c
from the plains to the mountains; from the coasts
junglessiboth Tearning from and feaching to moftalsand
Laibon alikeThe wisdom gaified from their _sojpurns
make th€Akunanse highly valued as advisors,
and mentorsto many magaji and other influepti

Legentls tethof one Akunanse trayel€r calling him-
self Hasani Who traveled the Eborfy Kingdom far and
wide in the 16thentury. It's§afd his talgffed feet touched
every type of terraih, including the Sahara itself, and the
legends recall he was quite fond of various cultures' beliefs
about their origins.

In the late 16th century, Hasani found himself in
Morocco on the northern coast of the continent as that
nation was fighting a losing war against the Portuguese
and their colonial interests there. The Portuguese hoped
to conquer Morocco and transform it into a satellite of
the Iberian country. As the Europeans controlled the sea,
the Moroccans often held less coastal territory in their
own country than the foreigners did. While usually above
mortal concerns, Hasani had no interest in seeing any

more of his homeland fall under the dominion of outsid-
ers. Therefore, he presented himself to the Sultan of
Morocco, a frail, ill man, as advisor and consul.

Aided by the Laibon's advice, the Moroccans soundly
defeated the Portuguese in 1578 at the Battle of Three
Kings. The battle earned this name from the fact that the
Portuguese king himself took part in the battle, as did the
"tame" sultan candidate the European monarch had to
replace the current sultan. Both of these mortals died in
battle, and Hasani, knowing that a weak leader meant
ruin for Morocco, witnessed the death of the sultan
himself.

The new Moroccan ruler, Almansur, made Hasani a
fixture of his court until wanderlust again moved Hasani
togoelsewhere. Almansur took advantage of the Laibon's
patronage and desire to be on the move, and Hasani
traveled with an army south across the Sahara to attack
and conquer the Songhai Empire in 1590. Within a year
or two, even the legends lose track of Hasani, as he again
wandered to some new challenge, some new lesson.

The Akunanse are well regarded within the Ebony
Kingdom for their knowledge. The Guruhi value them
highly as advisors, counselors and inter-domain diplo-
mats. The Shango often consult the learned Akunanse
when dispensing Laibon justice, and the Xi Dundu treat
them warily, suspecting them of being more Guruhi spies
and informants than sagely wanderers of the earth. In
some cases, certain broods and sub-tribes of the Akunanse
legacy have conflicted with individual factions of the
Setites. Perhaps this is to be expected with the former's
inclination toward learning new things and the latte
desire to hold knowledge close.

The Akunanse themselves respect the dominion of
the Guruhi and its supporter legacies, rarely feeling the
need to change the current system, which works well
enough most of the time. These Laibon often worry over
the ambitions of the Xi Dundu, however, and wonder
when (not if) they will strike at the Guruhi regime. Many
Akunanse, at least those less concerned with politics
than learning more of the earth and its wonders, remain
aloof regarding a possible struggle of domain supremacy.
As long as they are left alone to pursue their owns ends,
many Akunanse care little enough for which Laibon
legacy claims to have power over them.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

The Setites of the Ebony Kingdom are more diverse
than their North African brethren. While as a group,
many still seek the location of the Grand Temple to their
god (which they believe lies somewhere in the Sudan,
near the Uganda border), these Laibon also know the
value of a secret kept, of lore hidden and of using
knowledge to indebt those who lack it.


of es Fn tig Os
Ne ee I IT

ey

Known unflatteringly as Vipers to some, these Laibon
use their abilities and their closely guarded secrets to
bring others, both mortal and undead, under their sway,
while largely remaining aloof from Laibon society and
politics. In that way, these self-styled outsiders will be
ready for the inevitable eventuality of the Grand Temple
being found, which they believe augurs the ascension of
darkness: the return of their founder, Set. Some Setites
believe that, not only is the Grand Temple somewhere
within in the Ebony Kingdom, but so is their god. Per-
haps, some speculate, the two lie in the same place: the
Grand Temple being the home to which Set retired in
AD 33.

One noteworthy Setite calls herself Zhenga; she's
the mistress of Mombassa's illegal underworld. Slaves,
drugs, blood orsecrets, all these and more cambe had from
Zhenga for the right price. She directs her mortal retain-
ers, ghouls and retinue of fellow Laibon (mostly, but not
exclusively Setites) to prowl the night as she sees fit.
Zhenga holds two main ambitions. The first is to claim
Mombassa outright as her own domain, though from the
safety of the darkness. With such a tool at her disposal,
she feels the Setites would be that much closer to being
ready fortheir god's return, asZhenga prepares Mombassa
to be his capital with each passing year.

Zhenga's second, secret objective deals with the
army she's creating for her lost god. She uses the slave
trade to sustain a captive breeding program unlike any
other. In the wilderness beyond the city, small camps
exist where Zhenga breeds her vitae-enhanced ghouls
with mortals. When the children of these unholy unions
are born, the mortal parent is killed and its blood is mixed
with milk and fed to the infant as its first meal. Zhenga
calls these children bima (the Nilote word for ghoul), and
she hopes their unique diet, training, and in some cases,
supernatural abilities beyond those of any typical ghoul,
will serve them well as Set's shock troops of darkness
rising when the dark god returns. Bima are dark and hairy
(some to the point of being furry), and many have tus'
and long claws.

Most other Laibon regard the Setites with caution, as
noted by the common nickname Vipers. The Guruhi and
theirallies distrust them, for they cannot help but wonder
what secrets the Setites hide, what secret knowledge they
quest for and what schemes they have to find or resurrect
their so-called god. Most Guruhi do not believe that Set
still exists, but they are wise enough to know that the fact
of it matters little. If the Vipers believe their god has
returned, the Setites across the Ebony Kingdom will rise
in open revolt.

The Setites care little for Guruhi politics, Osebo and
Shango posturing and threats, and the constant burrow-
ing for knowledge of the Akunanse disturbs them some.
They see the other legacies as useful tools, to be used

when needed and put down when they are no longer
productive. The Xi Dundu bear particular attention, as
they are one of the few legacies that the Setites grudgingly
respect and keep their eyes on.

GuRUHI

The Laibon of this legacy are the masters of the
Ebony Kingdom. The oral histories of the Laibon state
that they were the first legacy to immigrate to Africa, and
they soon established the basis for what is now their
domain. They suffered the other legacies to immigrate or
develop, but they always maintain a close watch so that
none gain too much power or too much arrogance and
desire to seek the Kingdom for themselves.

The Guruhi's forceful personalities and impressive
physical capabilities, even among Laibon, ensure that
they are likely to hold on to their positions of power and
leadership. Of course, powerful individual Laibon be-
longing to other legacies exist, but they do so as long as
the Guruhi feel that they are content in their roles as the
Kingdom's servants. As long as they maintain their
domains to the benefit of the kingdom and the Laibon,
the Guruhi allow these potent individuals to serve them.

Eze, the Demon Prince, is one of the most notorious
Guruhi. He existed in Abyssinia (what is now western
Ethiopia) around 1540 as an open warlord, who made no
attempt to hide his supernatural origin. Not only did he
viciously battle his way to dominance of the region, he
also wiped out numerous bands of Portuguese invaders
who sought to expand their colonies in Africa. Eze
terrified both Laibon and mortal alike, the former for his
flouting of the Tenet of The Secret Must Be Kept, and the
latter for his unholy strength and overwhelming force of
will. Local\mortals were not molested, but any outsiders
(especially Europeans) were held as nothing more than
chattel for the Demon Prince and his retifiue of Laibon.
He created many ghouls who seryed/as his bodyguards
and assassins for, his mortal advefSaries. Enemy Vaibon —
and thereaveré mafiy he soughtodPhiniselfdrinking
their soul§to inérease his own powers

After nearly a decade of this, Eze pushed someone or
somethingteo far. Hedisappeared'suddenly, alltecord of
his existence had Beeh striékeh from mortal records and
memory. The identity of the force powerful enough to
destroy the Demon Prince remains a mystery among the
Laibon to this night, though it i§ whispered that the
Akunanse have unéovered hints regarding it.

The Shango, O&sebo and some members of the
Akunanse legacies have'the strongest ties to the Guruhi,
for they serve to support the domains of these Laibon.
The Ishtarri and the Kinyonyi regard their Guruhi "pa-
trons" more coolly, so as long as they're left alone, these
two legacies don't care much for formal titles or political
posturing, respectively. The Naglopers and Xi Dundu

peererrecuna

Rurenereee

distrust the Guruhi at best, and neither of them would be
averse to seeing the legacy fall from its position of power.
As the undead leaders of the Ebony Kingdom, the
Guruhi maintain strong relationships with many of the
other legacies. They see the Shango as their judges and
their enforcers to be used when other Laibon step out of
line. They view the Osebo as their scouts and soldiers,
and they consider the Ishtarri to be wise, valuable diplo-
mats and occasional advisors. The Guruhi pay little
attention to the Kinyonyi and, for the most part, the
Akunanse as these two legacies possess little in the way
of political ambition. They consider the Naglopers to be
monsters that bear close watching, lest they get out of
hand, and they feel the Xi Dundu are rebels just waiting
for the first sign of weakness on the part of the Guruhi.
Weakness is not something the lords of the Ebony King-
dom intend to display, especially to would-be usurpers.

ISHTARRI

The Ishtarri place themselves as outsiders within
the Ebony Kingdom, but nonetheless a vital part of it.
According to their own creation story, they are the
descendents of the Babylonian goddess Ishtar. As late-
comers to the Ebony Kingdom, they petitioned the
Guruhi for a place in their domain, and to the surprise
of the indigenous Laibon, the Guruhi agreed. To this
night, no one knows exactly why the Guruhi agreed, but
the weight of tradition ensures that the Ishtarri have
their place.

As the goddess whoréatedythem was the patron of
love, fertility and way, s6).to&do\her Laibon children
follow in her footsteps/Along.the millennia since their
introduction tothe Ebény<Kingdom, however, their
understanding-of their mother's\ways has grown base
and carnal: Ishtarri often rével" itphysicalypleasure,
eithertinable rocdraw the lineabtenperance or imwill-
ing torein.in theirown desirésforthe benefit of anyone
else. In many.¢ases, this proves theifundoingyés their
lust for unlife-drags them down the paths.of€orruption,
blackmail and addictiow"On'the other hand, they are
the legacy with the greatest ténnection to the mortals
of Africa, arguably ‘the niest/ "alive" of the Ebony
Kingdom's Laibon families; andwheir finger rests on the
pulse of the living throngs who'populate the continent.
Ishtarri can be wise observers of the living, advising
their magaji witha candor almost unprecedented among
the undead. On the other hand, they can be decadent
sybarites who care only for the source of their next burst
of undeath-defying sensuality.

Too often, other Laibon forget Ishtar's warrior a
pect, and they regard the Ishtarrias complacent hedonists.
This is true in many cases, but in those cases where it
proves false, it proves terribly false. Ishtarri frequently
become warlords, leaders of fellow Laibon and mortal

soldiers through their power of personality or through
demonstrations of their tremendous physical prowess.
Although an Ishtarri might be fattened by his gluttony,
he still has the potential to move as quickly as lightning
across the sky; while an Ishtarri might be winnowed by
venereal disease, she still can be as tough as Cagn's own
walking stick.

An Ishtarri named Igoli once served the Guruhi
kings of Africa by traveling between their domains and
acting as a messenger, interpreter, liaison and diplomat
between the greatest masters of the domains. The height
of her notoriety occurred in the late 17th and early 18th
centuries, when the highest tier of Guruhi kings included
as many as 20 Laibon. Igoli not only remembered what
each king's opinions were, which policies they favored, a
general understanding of the political climes within their
domains and the magaji leaders in those domains, she
also knew how to treat with each one so that she might
make the most ambass

adorial progress with them.

When the Guruhi kings finally understood the depth
of Igoli's acumen, however, they grew mistrustful, as
Laibon often do when presented with a fellow who might
have the potential to be a threat. They called a great
meeting of the Kingdom's mightiest lords and invited
Igoli to attend. Igoli wisely smelled a trap, but she could
not deny her responsibilities to the Kingdom. She was
wary, but dutifully arrived at the palace where the meet-
ing was being held.

Atthis point, the story diverges, depending upon the
teller. In some cases, each of the assembled Guruhi kings
tries to kill her, but Igoli's smooth demeanor and silver
tongue allow her to talk each one out of delivering her to
Final Death. (Indeed, many talespinners are fond of this
version of the story. No doubt they have concocted
individual stories about each of these encounters.) An-
other version of the story suggests that Igoli came prepared,
with 20 mighty warrior-Laibon for each of the kings —
either to grant them to him asa symbol of loyalty or to cut
of his head if his motives were treacherous. Other varia-
tions also exist, but invariably they result in Igoli defeating
the treacherous Guruhi's plans to destroy her.

Naturally, none of tonight's masters of the Ebony
Kingdom even remember such a Laibon, let alone some
epic tale of her achievements.

Though the Ishtarri get along fairly well with the
other legacies, it is often because those other legacies
don't understand how truly capable the Ishtarri are, and
dismiss them as flighty, irrelevant or lost in their own
desires. This suits the Ishtarri fine, of course, as leading
others to underestimate them makes it all the easier for
them to trick them, parlay profitably with them or
otherwise achieve what they want. They treat respect-
fully with the Akunanse, whose stories they appreciate,
the Shango and Osebo, with whom they share common


REA a.
a Sa EN IE TERMI
Ta =

x f

ties tothe Guruhi kings, and, secretly, the Followers of Set,
whose similar status as "outsider natives" makes them
strangers in their home lands. Many Ishtarri see the Xi
Dunduas their next possible patrons (who can handle the
dirty work of administration, leaving the Ishtarri them-
selves to their own wiles), but they see noneed toaid them.
They regard the Naglopers as lamentable failures of the
Laibon condition — though others see this disdain as a bit
of the pot calling the kettle black, so enamored are the
Ishtarri of their own vices. Kinyonyi can come or goas they
please, with little relation to Ishtar's children.

KINYONYI

Suspected of being one of the latecomer legacies to
the Guruhi's Ebony Kingdom, the Kinyonyi have seized
that aspect of their reputation and run with it. No, the
Kinyonyi aren't truly native — no, the Kinyonyi aren't
part of the original group of legacies that settled here. Yes,
the Kinyonyi have a voice in Ebony Kingdom affairs, but
only so much as they choose to contribute. This arrange-
ment seems to suit most of the powers that be in the
African domains just fine. The Kinyonyi can simply
abstain from matters if they choose to, and that means the
rest of the legacies don't heave to deal with them.

As much so as the Akunanse, the Kinyonyi are
wanderers, but for a different purpose. Many Laibon
suspect that the Kinyonyi hail from itinerant mortal
tribes, perhaps being related to migratory cultures of
Celts displaced off the coasts of Spain or perhaps even
originating with the "Gypsy" culture originating in India,
what some Kinyonyi refer to as the "Middle Kingdom."
Whatever the case, the Kinyonyiare definitely outsiders,
though they have parlayed that status into a sort of
neutrality, which they then extrapolate into a sort of
mercenary status. The Kinyonyi wander from domain to
domain, doing everything from "odd jobs" for the local
magaji to dirty work for ambitious other Laibon. If a
Laibon wants something handled, she can do it herself or
wait for the inevitable Kinyonyi drifter to make his way
to town. Often, a magaji will simply throw up his hands
when confronted with a Kinyonyi troublemaker, know-
ing that sooner or later, the Laibon will go about his way,
bringing his ill omens to another domain.

Given their often-unrecognized status, the Kinyonyi
often occupy the lower rungs of the social order. Even
established elder Kinyonyi typically earn little esteem
except among others of their legacy. While their reputa-
tions precede them, such reputations are often like those
of storms, which local Laibon simply prepare to weather
when news of their arrival comes on the wind. As such,
few Kinyonyi are widely trusted, and are instead turned to
purposes at which anyone who had a vested, long-term
interest in the domain would balk. For the Kinyonyi, it is
the doing of the act that is important — the repercussions
or benefits rarely figure into the deed.

The greatest Kinyonyi many members of the legacy
know by name is the legendary Wamukota ("left-
handed"). With dusky skin and long, straight hair,
Wamukota obviously came from outside the Ebony King-
dom, but he made a name for himself in bringing the
Laibon what they wanted. When the magaji Uchenna
wanted his progeny brought back from the foul Setite
who had captured her heart, Wamukota wooed her away
from the foul Viper. When Sanjo's sister threw her
favorite cowry shell into the sea, Wamukota leapt into
the depths and questioned all the fishes until he found
where it rested. When the kholo of Senegal were at each
other's throats, Wamukota stole their fetishes, uniting
them in hatred against him and forcing them (at least
temporarily) to make their peace with each other in light
of his commoniithreat.

Wamukota'sigreatest victory, however, istone about
which rumors do not widely circulateOutside the camp-
fires of passing Kinyonyi themselves! Itissaid thatone of
the great Guruhi Kings'of Africaywanted the sun as his
own, andasked Wamukotalto obfainit forhim. Wamukota
was n@ fool— he knew thatGagn had been forbidden to
look uponithe sun or bathe in its rays — but he knew that
it would fetch a Valuable price from this/greedy king, At
first, he set out to make it seem impossible, the better to
raise his price.

"But, king of kings," Wamukota insisted, "our kind is
unable to look upon thesun, for suchlis the Curse of Cagn."

"1 do noteare; bwantit for my own," the Guruhi replied.

"But, master of magaji," Wamukotacountered, "oth-
ers would know, immediately if the sun had/been stolen."

"I donot eare; I want it for my own," the Guruhireplied.

"But, tulerof all nights," Wamukota insisted, "with-
out the sun, the rest of the world would go blind and
wither in the darkness."

"J donot care; I want it formy own," the Guruhi replied.

This went on for one hundred and one nights, until
the Guruhi finally asked Wamukota, "Can you not do
this, Wamukota?"

To this, the Left-Handed one replied, "Of course I can.
You shall have the sun when tomorrow night you rise."

The next day, while the Guruhi slumbered,
Wamukota borrowed the moon's mantle so that he might
move about by day. He went to the sun and asked, "Sun,
I know of a conspiracy against you, and for a single coin,
I shall tell you of it all."

The sun granted Wamukota's request, and the
Kinyonyi replied that the next person he saw to bear his
coin would be the treacherous one. Then he returned to
the Guruhi's palace.

When the Guruhi awoke, Wamukota told him, "I
have captured the sun for you and here it is," and gave
him the sun's coin. "But you must never show it,"
Wamukota continued, "for I have placed a false jewel in


its place, and if you reveal yourself to be the true owner
of the sun, everyone will know they have been tricked
and become very angry."

The Guruhi agreed, but he had no intention of
keeping the secret. As the owner of the sun, he was master
of all and could easily destroy anyone who felt upset at
being tricked.

One month later, he planned to present his prize at
his court. Standing before the assembled Laibon, he drew
the sun's coin from a pocket in his robe. "See the sun I
hold in my hand!" he shouted. "The sun in the sky by day
is only a jewel which I have placed there to do the sun's
duties!" The crowd gasped...

...and the sun, seeing his traitor's coin even across the
night sky, sent a single ray of his own brilliance to strike
down the vain Guruhi, leaving only ash in his place.

Wamukota shook his head and walked on — but he
had already been paid, so the consequences were not his
to bear.

The Kinyonyiare givena wide berth by other Laibon,
not fully trusted but understood to be useful tools who
expect little in return other than their agreed-upon sums.
Atthe same time, they know that few magaji will look too
deeply into reports of Kinyonyi deaths or even pre-
emptive attacks against them in anticipation of
malfeasance. The Kinyonyi accept this, knowing that it
is the price they pay to have the laws of the land so loosely
applied to them. They get along well with the Akunanse,
with whom they trade stories, the Guruhi, who employ
them more often than any others, the Ishtarri, who are
fellow foreigners, and even the Xi Dundu, whose ends do
not matter to the Kinyonyi, so longas they do notachieve
the power to revoke their outsider status. Kinyonyi often
suffer strained relations with Osebo and Shango, who
sometimes find themselves investigating the interlopers'
activities, the Setites, who have their own mercenary
purposes, and the Naglopers, who want little more than
to feast on the flesh of others.

NAGLOPERS

The Ashanti have a legend regarding a hideous
creature that hangs from trees and devours passersby with
its metal teeth, the asanbonsam. No doubt these legends
were caused by or confused with the dreadful Naglopers,
debased Laibon who are as close to the realm of beasts as
they are to the society of men. They are not the wis
animals of legend like the Akunanse, however, they are
monsters out of nightmare. Gifted (or perhaps cursed)
with the ability to pull flesh from its moorings and twist
it into blighted new shapes, the Naglopers prowl the
night for their own purposes alone. They have little
solidarity and even less courtesy. Other vampires suffer
them only because of the Tenets, and even then, plenty

of magaji hate the Naglopers enough to drive them far
from their domains and into the wilds.

Obviously the Naglopers have fallen, and what they
are tonight is little more than the debased remains of...
something else. At least, that is what other Laibon hope,
for few tales of Laibon history position them as much
more than claw-gnashing brutes and ravenous fiends to
be overcome. The Naglopers don't mind this, apparently,
because they do their best to keep exactly that image fresh
in the minds of the other African undead.

What purpose, then, do the Naglopers serve in the
Ebony Kingdom? Surprisingly, many Guruhi grant them
leave to survive because they are perfect objects lessons.
"Don't let your wild side thrive," wise Laibon warn, "or
you'll be doomed to unlife like a Nagloper." To their
credit, the Naglopers can summon immense cunning
and estimable animal craft. Indeed, some suggest —
more than a few Naglepers among them — that they are
the perfect vampires, a8 they can so easily discard the
mantle of men and instead take on utterly the aspect of
the Beast. Few Naglopers are eloquent enough to speak
this thought, however, and more often than not, a
Nagloper continues to devolve throughout her unlife. I
have heard whispers of elders of their legacy becoming
little more fhan forces of nature, paragons @f what it
means to béamonster, rousing themselves at night only
to sate their thirst for blood and speaking only aseore of
words over as many centuries.

Throtighout kaibon legends, the Naglopers domake
a place for themselves, though tas not a distinguished
one. In these tales, Naglopets,are implacable foes, hunt-
ing their,ehemies down with Single-mifided ferocity.
They,can also be triéksters, but not Gfithe merty sort —
they fool unwas¥ travelers into their lairs¥or cajole a
warrior to givé up his flesh so that his beloved might live.
They might be hardy warriors or competent witches.
While Naglopers have the ability to be urbane, almost
anything they touch becomes fouled at their presence,
and menace follows them almost universally.

The Naglopers can take many forms in these tales, as
well. A Nagloper might hide below the water, beneath a
bridge or on a rocky coastline. A sorcerer's cellar might
hide one, or she might make her lair in the trees as the
asanbonsam legends attest. They might sneak into a
village by night to sustain themselves or maraud un-
checked across the savannas of a powerless magaji's
domain. One might be a skilled but malicious kholo, a
rugged emissary or a simple brute. In the end, only two
things are certain: The Nagloper has only his own inter-
and his presence alone

ests in mind, however he may ac
signifies a tangible evil.

In short, they are just like every other Laibon, only
stripped of pretensions.


To say that the Naglopers have amicable relation-
ships with anyone would be misleading. More accurately,
an individual Nagloper can cultivate relations, but the
y as a whole shouldn't be held accountable for his
actions, nor should it be seen as an encouragement to
traffic with such monstrous creatures. Naglopers typi-
cally regard other Laibon collectively as either below
their consideration for attention, or they genuinely be-
lieve that other Laibon are better than them — for which
they grow exceptionally jealous and hostile.

OSEBO

Following closely on the heels of the Guruhi when
they claimed the Ebony Kingdom as a gift from their
god, the Osebo have been a part of Africa foras long as
any can remember. In fact, some suspect that the Osebo
dwelled in the Ebony Kingdom before the Guruhi came

and simply realized that the Guruhi were better equipped
to handle the domains than they were. Suggesting this
toan Osebo typically elicits one of two responses. Those
proud in their might would scoff and probably make a
physical display of how no one is better prepared than
them to do anything. The more common response would
simply be a shrug. The majority of Osebo don't want to
bother with such things as dealing with domains and
interpreting Tenets.

To this end, the Osebo find themselves the wel-
comed guests of the Guruhi domains. Few of the Laibon
kings have entourages that don't include at least a single
Osebo enforcerGr heav¥"In some Gases}ithese are distin-
guished. champions of apartieular magaji. Titether cases,
they are lackwit thugs, Embraced from the mortal ranks

of violent psychopaths Who!havelfound an excuse in
undeath to conting@)as they had begun in life. Ambition
is MOtacommon @sebo trait, andemost are_moresthan
satisfied to attach themselves toan established regime so
that they may draw comforts ftom' its successes. This
would be somewhatsaddening if if~wasn't how the Osebo
have always been: Surely, the Osebo could physically
stand against the Guruhi and possibly eventhe Xi Dundu
threat combined — they just don't want to.JIt's easier to
let someone élse do the bookkeeping, especially since
they choosé to and seem better at it.

This isn'tito say that the Osebo are idle. Far from it.
They just don't want to be at the head of their domains.
Many Osebo build secret societies or criminal organiza-
tions. They hide themselves within religious cults and
lend support to dictators or their revolutionaries — or
both. Indeed, the Osebo seem to have a hard time
controlling themselves, and they often thrive in domains
where a strong authority exists, as it serves to keep them
in line. Left to themselves, they often indulge in ever
more vulgar acts, not because they realize their morals are

degrading, but because they are, and the degradation

EE comme 19 exe

SSE


Rurvwermoe

itself urges them toward sinfulness. Child-snatching,
kidnapping, bloody rituals, black magic and even less
wholesome practices occupy the Osebo who are left to
run rampant. Laibon society, ironically, seems to encour-
age the Osebo to work toward better ends, if only because
those ends frustrate the scourge of other Laibon as often
as not.

One Osebo of note, Homa, followed the warrior
tribes led by the great Shaka himself in the early 19th
century. Building around hera veritable army of itinerant
soldier-Laibon and ghouls sworn to her cause in ex-
change for blood, Homa was the scourge of the southern
domains. When Shaka's own life ended at the hands of
his murderous half-brothers, Homa took the chance to
free herself from the mortal warriors and establish her
own domain in Luanda, Angola. The current magaji
didn't stand a chance of repelling her, and he and his
kholo fled to Zambia, leaving the other Laibon of the
domain to defend it to their inevitable Final Deaths.

Homa's coup lasted for an uncharacteristically long
period, as far as Osebo domains are concerned. For over
acentury, Luanda experienced great growth as a center of
Laibon unlife. While it was not truly a cultural center, it
was a place where laibon could either lay low for a while
while news of their exploits cooled off, or they could
simply claim to Belong there, making a haven in a
domain claimed by one of the most lax interpreters of the
Tenets ever to hold the title of magaji. Of course, Homa's
kholo had an abnormally high attrition rate, but such was
to be expected in such a lawless environment.

Homa eventually tired of the duties of magaji and
turned her domain over to the kholo as a council at the
beginning of the 20th century. As might be expected, the
council tore itself apart and suffered even more acceler-
ated attrition at that point. Eventually, a new magaji
walked in a claimed the domain. This one was unaffili-
ated with Homa or the previous order and likely installed
by the Guruhi kings who had had just about enough of the
rogue Osebo and her riotous ways.

Every now and then, a truly ancient Osebo emerges
from the shadows somewhere, typically in the northern
domains, and claims to have been a part of a Utopian city
that stood thousands of years ago. These Osebo often bear
little resemblance to their Ebony Kingdom kin, possess-
ing different gifts of Cagn and wielding extraordinary
forces of personality. Indeed, few would associate them
with the Osebo at all if they did not claim to be members
of that legacy themselves. These ancients often grow
disillusioned and move on quickly, however, seemingly
because the Ebony Kingdom domains do not seem to
want their notions of Utopia. They might settle in
certain domains or proclaim themselves magaji, forcing
the Guruhi to recognize them, but most pass into the
night not long after.

The Osebo have strong relations with the Guruhi,
but they rarely see eye to eye with the Shango sorcerers,
whose magic they do not trust. They see most other
legacies as rabble rousers, by and large — but that's
alright with them, as many relish the chance to demon-
strate the power of the titles the magaji bestow upon
them. While few trust the Xi Dundu, rumors have
circulated of a malcontent among the legacy who has
taken an entire brood over to the Masai legacy's camp,
and to this night trains his progeny in the arts of shadow
war. These rumors have yet to be reported with enough
evidence to lend them much gravity, but a wise magaji
grows nervous at the very implications of the matter. As
always, time will tell, and preparations for war might
come on the rumors' heels.

SHANGO

Over the millennia of Laibon history, the Shango
have emerged as the voices of reason amid the often
cacophonous culture of African undead. They serve as
advisors to magaji, guardians of Laibon legends and
history and the warders of the Tenets. Equally capable
with sorcery and more physical devotions, the Shango
often find themselves in the roles of judges and warriors.
They frequently support the Guruhi, but they do so not
out of acceptance, as do the Osebo, but out of a genuine
agreement with them. On the whole, the Shango are
conservative, and it is whispered that their obedience to
the Guruhi power hierarchy originates with an oath of
respect that the Shango swore when the Guruhi allowed
the other legacies to settle in their kingdom.

The Shango.areyproud aridgloyal,.true, but anyone
who mistakés them for the toadies of thélitegime will
likely*find himself painfully.ceevaluating that belief. In
their capa€itiesas advisors, the Shango oftenMave to play
devil's advocatesandiceasionallystindsthemselves com-
mitted to some Course of action,not because they want to
do it, but be@ailise it serves as some sort of heck to the
power of another. For example, a'Guruhi magaji who
hates the Ishtarripmightdeclarethemanathema in his
domain, killing those whg are foolish enough to venture
there. The Shango might hide individual Ishtarri until
the magaji can be reasoned with — not out of love for the
Ishtarri, but because the magaji's policy is unfair or
detrimental to the domain. While there are as many
philosophies among the Shango as there are individual
Shango themselves, by and large, the Shango are strongly
committed to those ideals.

Given their austere orientation and sometimes unsa-
vory duties, it is unsurprising that the Shango also carry
fearful reputations. Their sorcery terrifies other Laibon;
their sense of purpose scares those who lack their drive. It is
said that the Shango are not invincible, they merely know
theirownstrengths and limitations, and they contrive never
to have to face an enemy from a point of weakness.


CEM ts of ET EE NEES

The oral history of the Laibon attributes many
tales to one particular Shango over centuries of exist-
ence. It is unknown whether this Shango, Jafari, was
ever real, or simply the vehicle for fables told by the
Shango themselves.

Jafari had his own favorite tale to tell, which he
attributed to the life of his mortal father.

One day, Jafari's father was walking through the
forest when he saw a baby monkey. He looked about
diligently, but didn't see the monkey's mother anywhere.
Thinking to himself, "What harm could possibly come of
ababy monkey," he took the monkey home, where he fed
it and treated it with love.

In time, the monkey grew large — large enough to
threaten Jafari's father. It was rough and surly, and Jafari's
father had to build a cage for it.

But the money kept growing, and Jafari's father had
to build larger and larger cages to house the monkey. One
day, he finally realized that his pet was no longer a
monkey — it had grown into a full-sized gorilla.

"This has become too much to manage," Jafari's
father thought to himself. "In the morning, I will let the
monkey go."

During the night, however, the gorilla became agi-
tated and shook his cage. The simple lock Jafari's father
used to close the cage broke, and the gorilla escaped. As
he left his cage, the gorilla devoured Jafari's father, every
bit and every piece.

In Jafari's estimation, the monkey represented sin.
What started out as an "innocent" indulgence or trans
gression rapidly grew to become an overwhelming liability.
At any time, Jafari's father could have freed the monkey
or put his sin behind him, but he didn't, and it eventually
became his undoing.

Many other Laibon perceive the Shango to be par-
ticularly rigid and unyielding, as this tale might suggest.
This is true somewhat, as the Shango do stand behind
their own codes of ethics. They rarely look down on other
Laibon arbitrarily, however, instead choosing to hate
their flaws and not the people themselves. Indeed, if the
Shango did look down on others, they would be guilty of
pride themselves, and therefore flawed in their own
estimation. They often enjoy the company of the
Akunanse, though their disposition toward traveling
makes the Shango somewhat uneasy. They serve the
Guruhi faithfully when they can, but they hold their
leaders to standards that even the most stringent of
Guruhi would be hard-pressed to uphold, and many find
themselves compromising their own outlooks to remain
true to their patrons. When a leader is corrupt, however,
he can know no more intractable foe than a Shango who
wants to right his wrongs. The Shango have a profes-
sional respect for the Osebo, even if they do think the

leopard is a passionate creature, and the Ishtarri they
treat as necessary evils. Kinyonyi prove useful occasion-
ally, but must be allowed to take their own way when they
are ready. The Naglopers are cursed by fate and cannot
help what they are. The Xi Dundu they trust warily, but
as often as not, their desire to treat the shadow-men with
trust betrays them in the end.

X1 Dunpu

A Wadchagga proverb states that when the lion
grows old, even flies attack him. Such is the belief of
many Xi Dundu, who see the Guruhi as the lion, anach-
ronistic and staid, and beset by enemies their centuries of
tightly held power have earned them. While the Xi
Dundu would likely be loath to characterize themselves
as the flies in the proverb, many of them would do
attacking of their own, hoping to install themselves on
the thrones of the Ebony Kingdom. Some Xi Dundu insist
that they resided in the Ebony Kingdom first, before
whatever crazed god the Guruhi claim descent from
"gifted" them with the continent, and that they, there-
fore, are ch@rightfullmastersiofithedomain, Others don't
bothef with such theatrics or indignity, instead simply
scheming toumakestheinelaim,and do it soon.

The legacy is one ofthe mosttightly knit, committed
as it i$ to seizing power inthe Kingdomand removing the
Guruhi from their6¥erlong stay, but it is nowa pleasant
family, Xi Dunduplotand scheme, acting@penly when it
suits them and skulkingyin the darkness at otheritimes,
and notleven fellows of their legacy are immune totheir
plans. After all, the weakest limbs must be pruned,

Many Xi Dundu hail ffom the Masai tribes of eastern
Africa) though at.what'point in histéty the two became
intertwined is unknown. Masai culturelalso pervades Xi
Dundu culture, and seeing their trademark red robes or
dazzling arrays Of beads is an easy indicator of these
Laibon's legacy: Some members ofthe legacy even main-
tain that their/progenitor was one of the Masai, ‘though
this does not seem likely.Despite théinstrongities tothe
Masai, however, the Xi Dundu have spread far and wide
throughout the Ebony Kingdom. Their domains are
numerous, but small, and often a single Xi Dundu will
nurse a brood of fledglings, fighting viciously against
other Laibon who would share the same domain.

In nights long past, a brother and sister named
Otieno and Onaedo together prowled the plains of what
is tonight Kenya. They had both been Embraced by a Xi
Dundu, and mere nights after he brought them among
the undead, they slaked their thirst on his own heart's
blood. The siblings were a terrible pair. They often lit the
fire upon the mountain, their ways were violent and they
quarreled constantly with each and every Laibon they
would come across.


Otieno and Onaedo soon became infamous, and few
magaji would suffer them to stay in their domains. They
were hunted as often as they were the hunters, and their
names were known far and wide as evil folk. Many Laibon
took it upon themselves to bring down the pair in hopes
of earning fame and glory, but the two were either too
elusive or too powerful.

One night, the siblings came upon the domain of
Magaji Olugbenga of Nigeria. They slipped in, unseen, at
the close of night and slept beneath a tree for the day.
When they rose the next night, the magaji's man Uzoma
stood over them. "We know you are here, Otieno and
Onaedo, and great Olugbenga would speak with you."

What could they do? They knew they were caught,
and Uzoma would easily overpower them if they chose to
run. They nodded silently, and the magaji's man took
them to see him.

"Your dreadful reputation precedes you, Xi Dundu,"
Olugbenga told the terrible Laibon, "but do not let it be
said that Olugbenga is a tyrant. So long as you stay in my
domain, so that I may watch you, and so long as you put

behind you your troublesome ways, you may call this

domain your home."

Otieno and Onaedo agreed — they would calm
their turbulent hearts and stay to enjoy the compassion
of the magaji.

That is, at least until the next night. When
Olugbenga rose to sate his thirst, he found he could not
move. The brother and sister had used a cursed kerrie to
trap him in his bed.

"But why would you do this, Xi Dundu? I have offered
you the comforts of my garden anda home in my very own
domain? I have excused your sins of the past and given
you a place to build your future."

"Youanswer your own question, Olugbenga," Onaedo
whispered to him. "You knew we were Xi Dundu when
you pardoned us."

Ambitions aside, the Xi Dundu understand the value
ofallies, and they try to cultivate them widely if they can.
While they consider themselves above most of the other
Laibon, they aren't averse to having another hand hold
the spear, as it were. They respect the Akunanse for their
wisdom and wide experience, though they hold the
Shango in low regard because the Shango seem reluctant
to trust them. The Guruhi, obviously, they regard as past
their prime, but they admire the tenacity with which the
old Laibon hold on to their kingdom. They often see the
Osebo and Kinyonyi as useful tools, the latter because
they don't ask questions and the former because they are
so easily swayed by strong personalities. Most Xi Dundu
have little esteem for the Ishtarri because they seem
frivolous and base.

(we Semin meee ele Cae ue wr a Ak OM PA He A ee

22

SS eae
THE POWER OF. PROVERBS,

In a land)wher Ik, magic is a part of
everyone's life and age brings wisdom, the language itself
has:power. Words hold meaning by themselves, but they
combine for moré profound messages.-lt-is no' surptise,
thensthat proverbs abound — tiny morsels of sagacity
that ‘contain great triiths. What follow are several e>
amples of African proverbs,-with cultural or régional
We've chosen those-with a decidedly vampiric
flavor, ofcolirsé? Feel free to havé a tenured kholo toss out
one of these gems, of have a°travel-weary Akunanse
whisperone toiacharacter before she departs. If you hav
aparticularflair, cree urprised
when the players' characters starusing them, too.

Death is like a robe everyone has to"wear.

legends

source

te your own —and don't be

—Mandingo
One in the woodpile does not laugh at the one'in the fire.
—Nairot

Traveling is learning?

ee ae

Shona

To be hated by ahuman being is not to be hated by God.
ikuyu

God's rain falls even on the wit

—Fipa

Siippr.

—Luyia

The young can't teach traditions to the old.

ion-of hunger leads.to death

~

> ~SE. , / 6  e,

—Yoruba

Children will hate. all those who give-all things to them:

—Wolof

The fire burns the fire maker.

—Luyia

A-hyena,cannot smell its own stench.

—Kalenjin ‘

Thoughthelion and thé antelope happen tolive inth
forest, the antelope'still has time to grow up:

—Ghana

A crime eats its Own child:

—Sechuana

The rainmaker who doesn't know what he's doitig will be f
found out by the lack of clouds

—Luganda

When the webs of the spider join, they:can. trap alion.

—Ethiopia

The leopard's skin is beautifiul, but his heart evil.

—Baluba

The death of an elderly man is like a burning library.

‘oast
ts, do not think it isout of respect.

—lvory
If the tiger
—Niloti
The owner.of'the dog doesnot obey his dog.
—Pygmy

|
1
ERE Ee

{
Q
l


THE TENETS

The Tenets are the single uniting thread that runs
throughout Laibon culture. This simple code spreads the
solidifying concepts of our ancestral leaders across the
Kingdom from the heart of vampiric society to its most
distant extremities. The Tenets deliver the wisdom of the
great nights past to the Laibon of tonight. They are the
cultural link that spans national borders, ethnicities and
bloodlines to make a widespread secret civilization of
undead lords possible.

Since the ancient nights when the Guruhi granted
lands in their possession to custodial overseers below
them, the Tenets have been constant. Some Laibon
regard them as scripture, believing the Tenets contain

more than asocially ideological meaning. A good portion

of the powerful Laibon I've spoken with agree that the
code is the model for a functional undead order, designed
and written to guide Laibon behavior into a system that
promises to prolong the existence of Laibon culture into
the final nights of the world. The ancestors somehow
knew more about the entire course of forthcoming
vampiric history then than we modern Laibon know
about our actual history now.

Regardless of the spiritual esteem one has for the
Tenets, they must be taken seriously. They might as well
be the laws of the land. It is the job of the magaji to
enforce, promote and interpret the Tenets within his
territory. It is the job of every Laibon to obey the Tenets,
for they are strong and immortal in a way a vampire might
never know.

——— Oooo se

=

ne of these rules are Tenets themselves, mind you.

The idea is that the job of the magaji and the citizenship
of every Laibon aren't simply mandatory, they're inher-
ent. No vampire can ignore the code or rebel against it.
Thes

way of things.

> laws are in the blood of every legacy. This is the

Of course, most Laibon know better. The Tenets are
spoken of in such dramatic ways because there is no other
means to convey their importance to new Laibon. With-
out the code, Laibon society would collapse into an
opportunistic cannibal chaos. It seems every Laibon
agrees that the Tenets are crucial, but that most do not
believe there is any supernatural power within them.

The history of the Tenets supports the mundane
belief. I've come to agree with a few Setite scholars in
Addis Ababa who tell me that the Tenets are a psychologi-
cal and political construct that should be recognized for its
skillful structure. Crediting the foresight and leadership of
our ancestors to supernatural vagaries discredits the careful
work they must have done to build the Tenets.

According to legend, the Tenets were written by the
eldest of each legacy on the night the first domains were
bestowed. This story typically places the elders, the
kholos of the continent if you will, around a bonfire deep
in the wilderness. Aside from the archaic familiarity of
the scene, this is supposed to reveal the ability of our

ancestors to dwell near danger without fear. That night,
each ancestral Laibon was allowed one addition to what
would become the code of conduct for all Laibon in the
granted lands. In turn, overa few hours, each Laibon gave
a law to the land that would defend his place in it. The

THE TENETS OF THE EBONY KINGDOM

Tue GuruHt ARE THE LAND
THOsE WHO ENDuRE JUDG
BELONGING GRANTS PROTECTION

THE-SecRET Must Be Ker f
No SECRETS: FROM THE MAGA\I -
Sires COMMAND, CHILDER INHERIT
THe E_pest COMMAND. UNDEATH
TRAVELERS OBEY THE TENETS
Tue Evpest ARE KHOLO

SS ees ey aes er

i
I
)

f

SO

B

bala

Berrian i

collected Tenets were, therefore, those intuitively neces-
sary for the operation of a vast Laibon kingdom.

To be clear, the Tenets are not laws, exactly. Their
subjective adjudication at the whims of individual magaji
isn't consistent with law. As a code, the Tenets are
usually handled case by case. The Tenets are true and
binding, but how exactly they apply to a given situation
is a matter for debate among the kholo and judgment by
the magaji.

While manifestations of the Tenets in nightly exist-
ence is variable from one domain to the next, the language
is not. The simple language of the Tenets is not mutable.
For centuries, Laibon historians and power mongers have
debated what the ancestors meant with their words. The
words, though, cannot be changed. That would only
separate a Tenet further from its purpose.

To invoke or argue a Tenet, it is typically recited.
Casually, Laibon do this to empower their speech. For-
mally, this can be done as a polite challenge or petition
to the magaji. It is, therefore, very important to under-
stand the Tenetsand their acceptance across the kingdom.
Thus magaji are typically well versed in the Tenets or
surrounded by advisors who are, such as the kholo.

Tue Guruut ARE THE LAND

As the original inheritors of the Ebony Kingdom and
the truest wielders of power in it, the Guruhi have wisely
crafted themselves an image as the foundation of all
Laibon society and culture. Without the benefits of
accumulated wisdom and reserved foresight the Guruhi
are known for, it is likely that the Laibon would have
drifted into warring factions centuries ago. Territoriality,
greed and limited self-control would make infighting the
standard practice among any vampiric body, I suspect.
But the Guruhi wisely positioned themselves outside of
that model, to some extent. They are regarded as being
removed from the real politicking; what they say is
considered objective. They are thought of as serene
beasts; they are calculating and potentially lethal. They
are recognized as the foundation of the whole system;
without them, there would be nothing to fight over.

Ironically, this is the most subjective of the Tenets.
Whatever priority the nine rules are given in any domain,
this one is always first. The accepted history of the rule is
that it was given to us by the eldest Guruhi back in the
nights when other Laibon arrived in the land (from other
realms or from those brought back by Cagn's fetish, if you
prefer). I have heard other theories suggested, such as the
idea that some Osebo wrote this rule in reverence, but I
doubt that the truth would be so complicated.

In practice, this law is also the simplest to interpret.
In my experience, there are very few deviations from the
accepted implications. This rule says that the Guruhi are
not exactly "equal" to the other legacies. (But what does

Te ey See es

that mean, anyway?) The Guruhi may take back what
they give, as the Earth does. Whatever is built, in a
societal sense, is done so with the support of the Guruhi.
The Guruhi are constant, reliable, undefeatable and not
going anywhere. They are like the land, and through
their graces, they shared it with all other Laibon.

Do you see the clever rendering of power here?
Whereas all the other Tenets are legislative and stated as
such, this first Tenet reads like a metaphorical truth. It
actually mandates nothing. What it does is pass a con-
cept, a way of thinking, into law. Thus, the truth of the
Guruhi is law. Since it would be a violation of this Tenet
to disrespect the Guruhi, who could challenge their
word? This circular conceit empowers the Guruhi and
solidifies their sovereignty.

THose Wo ENpure JUDGE

Since the recognized hierarchy of authority in every
vampire kingdom in Africa is based on age, this Tenet is
usually strictly upheld by magaji and princes of all sorts.
The sanctity of social order depends on this rule above all
others. This is the law that tells us which vampire may
govern the rest of us.

Who can say for sure which legacy suggested this law
in the old nights? If we were to base the decision on which
legacy has the most severe reputation for greed or tyr-
anny, we would have a handful of equal suspects. Suffice
to say, no organized effort can challenge this Tenet
without sacrificing the prize and purpose of a revolt. As
more and more Laibon are created, as our Blood runs
further downhill away from Cagn, this law becomes more
entrenched; the ladder to the top becomes longer. And of
course those at the top become further removed from
those at the bottom.

Outlasting the eldest Laibon is impossible; they are
the eldest because they are masters of perseverance. This
is the essence of undead leadership. I know of no way to
climb the political ladder without violating this Tenet,
other than waiting for misfortune to grace every undead
figurehead between you and the throne. I've never heard
any believable story wherein a magaji has voluntarily
given up power. I have been wrong before, however.

Some elders interpret this Tenet extremely strictly,
demanding recognition as judges and lawgivers within
their domain. In severe instances, these elders judge indi-
vidual Laibon by behaviors not at all covered by the
Tenets. Most often, though, this Tenet is accepted as a
means of highlighting experience and wisdom rather than
declaring outright supremacy. No method of mandating
new Tenets has ever been recognized. The only proper
authority in the land comes from the interpretation of the
existing Tenets. Of course, a great many magaji use this
Tenet in conjunction with intimidation and violence to
claim what might as well be called absolute tyranny.


|
|
|

It is interesting to note, though I cannot tell you
how this tradition originated, that this Tenet is some-
times cited in place of others in cases of diablerie. The
best reason I've come across is this: A single extin-
guished Laibon is meaningless and sometimes
excusable, unless that Laibon has power over other
Laibon. That is, stealing authority is regarded as a
more heinous act than murder.

BELONGING GRANTS PROTECTION

The divisions of power are meaningless without a
populace to oversee. This Tenet binds a Laibon to his or
another's domain, albeit loosely. Without this Tenet,
Laibon might flock to overcrowded domains without
strong leadership.

What this means is that Belonging prevents popular
policy-making, which would itself violate the Tenet of
elder judgment. Were a Laibon to announce a particular
Tenet void in his domain, he would attract like-minded
undead and undermine the system. In the old nights, a
Laibon held his place in the physical world in higher
esteem than we do tonight. Real pride was taken in
adherence to tradition. Movement from domain to do-
main didn't seem like such a tremendous thing to restrict,
I suppose.

So this rule rewards those Laibon who either stay in
place or report their movements to the magaji. By invok-
ing this Tenet, you are agreeing to abide by the magaji's
interpretations of the Tenets. In exchange, you cannot
be ignored in any claim based on the Tenets. Essentially,
this is an agreement between all parties to play fair. A
magaji is not required to recognize any Laibon in his
domain who does not Belong. Were a foreign Laibon to
be extinguished in his domain, the magaji would be free
to ignore it. It's not his problem.

As you'll learn, since The Eldest Command
Undeath, every magaji has the right to wave off the
destruction of some worthless bloodsucker. The special
benefit from Belonging is that the magaji you Belong to
has the proper right to declare your demise just or
unjust, regardless of where you're extinguished. If the
destroyer Belongs to another magaji, though, he may be
untouchable until he leaves the domain where he Be-
longs. It can all get very complicated.

What does a magaji get out of this arrangement? First
and foremost, a shred of allegiance. Even the smallest
trace of loyalty fostered by this Tenet can be cultivated
into something useful. Perhaps more important theoreti-
cally is that Laibon who Belong in a magaji's domain
agree to accept her judgments in matters of conflicting
Tenets. In practice, a magaji is rarely seriously questioned

anyway, so this isn't really a factor. Finally, a magaji
enjoys a certain logistical simplicity in knowing where
his most loyal subjects are on any given night.

Usually, this Tenet requires a Laibon to inform the
local magaji that she is leaving the domain, whether for
a single night or forever. Strictly speaking, a magaji can
forbid a Laibon who Belongs from leaving forever or
require her to return, but the point is moot once the
vampire has left of course.

I know of at least three cases in which a magaji has
sent out enforcers to retrieve an absent Laibon who was
ordered to return to the domain. The most extreme of
these examples is from a small area in East Africa where
a Xi Dundu magaji sent four Shango heavyweights all the
way to Budapest with chains and a straightjacket. The
popular version of this story ends with the Shango never
coming back, but who can say what's true in such a case?

This is the Tenet I believe to be written by the
Osebo, whose nature it seems to be to pick a home and
defend it against all comers. I've met a good deal of Osebo
magaji who consider this law just as importantas the right
of elder judgment. These are the sorts of creatures who
make a ceremony out of introductions and requests for
departure. There is a warlord (for lack of a better term) in
the Congo who would ask you to bleed on his floor and
serve him without question for one night if you wanted to
Belong in his small domain. His reputation for brutality
against enemies makes him a fine protector, but I'm not
able to say if he's worth the potential price.

Tue Secret Must Be Kerr

Only now do we get to the Tenet I hear Western
vampires are so concerned about. During my nights in the
Americas (before cameras, remember), the big secret
didn't seem to be kept too well, though.

On this continent, the need to keep mortal folks in
the dark about our existence is given its due weight,
though our methods are sometimes different. We have
more room to maneuver here, more margin for error.
Evidence of the hunt isn't the subject of our worry.
Instead, I've seen more Laibon of every generation fret
about their ties to mortal society.

A great many more Laibon engage in regular, casual
contact with mortals than would admit it. I'm sure that
Laibon culture isn't enough for most of the undead. This
is the greatest threat to our existence: that some mortal
we depend on for some base or noble purpose will learn
our secret. In practice, this is a Tenet most Laibon hold
over themselves. Magaji may or may not intervene for
small violations. The idea is that small violations are the
result of trace mortal weaknesses and usually bring their
own punishment in the form of destroyed relationships
and personal anguish. Lesser violations sometimes solve
themselves this way, such asa former lover simply leaving
or falling silent rather than dealing with reality. At the
very least, the repercussions of such violations can usually
be contained through the abandonment or elimination


of the mortal who knows. I know several magaji who
require the violating vampire to act as executioner in
such cases, to exaggerate the punishment. Whoever
learns the truth about us must die.

Greater violations demand the direct attention of
local authorities, such as magaji and kholo. The first step
in any such case is the containment of the problem.
Violating Laibon are extinguished before they can make
things worse, usually. Should your magaji learn of your
serious violation, you should expect to be destroyed.
There is no standardized means of solving the issue of
large-scale exposure, though every story I've ever heard
ends in a strict diminishing of evident supernatural
activity. Any more active solution will just attract more
attention, after all.

On the subject of organized resistance, I should say
that many Laibon are confidently unafraid of mortals,
perhaps overly so. For the most part, the occasional
vampire-hunter is used to remind the other mortals that
people who believe in vampires are crazy. The extreme
character traits necessary to willingly seek out confronta-
tions with supernatural predators do most of the work for
us. Letting a few witch-hunters stalk the night actually
makes it less likely that more hunters will follow in their
footsteps. So, avoidance and secrecy, punctuated with
short conflicts to keep them motivated, have been the
best defenses against hunters. I imagine this will continue
to be the case until technology tips the scales in one way
or another.

Unlike European Kindred, the flock that feeds us has
a more widespread belief in minor magics, which means
the mortal population is more likely to make our excuses
for us. We don't need to fear the most minor degrees of
recognition in the populace. There are plenty of other
real and imaginary dangers lurking in the dark for mortals
to be afraid of. It's simply enough that we stay away from
the top of the list.

No Secrets FROM THE MAGAII

The logical follow-up to the rule thatallies all Laibon
in secrecy is the one that forbids any conspiracy exclud-
ing the preeminent body. First, young Laibon are taught
to lie and disguise themselves. Then they are taught
never to turn those skills on their masters.

This is why, in some regions, this Tenet actually
supersedes The Secret Must Be Kept. Since the Laibon do
operate so successfully, since the secret is so well kept,
many new bloodsuckers imagine that they can use these
tricks on their betters. Therefore, many magaji believe
that a Laibon should be obedient first and self-sufficient
second. Should a Laibon be unable to keep his secrets, he
could always be kept in the company of elders as muscle,
I suppose.

Simply put, this Tenet forbids lying to magaji. Inter-
pretations understandably vary. Lies of omission are
always considered a breach of the Tenet, but most magaji
accept that it is the responsibility of those in power to ask
the right questions. This Tenet cannot require a free
creature to volunteer information, but it doesn't afford
any protection against self-incrimination, either. Pre-
sumably you could try to keep your mouth shut during
questioning, but that would constitute a breach through
omission. The Tenet doesn't forbid lying, remember. It
forbids the withholding of information.

Of course there are exceptions to the idea of volun-
tary divulgence. One Shango magaji in Ethiopia expects
accurate written reports from those Laibon in his domain
and has some unknown method for authenticating the
information he receives. Similarly, | know personally a
brood of Kinyonyi investigators who work for several
magaji in and around Nairobi collecting information to
be used prior to interrogations. The idea is that the magaji
never asks any question he doesn't already know the
answer to.

As for the other end of the spectrum — breaking the
spirit of this Tenet — I could introduce you to South
African Laibon who have a magnificent disinformation
campaign running against rich rural magaji. While they
tell the whole truth, voluntarily without compulsion,
they also report elaborate and detailed fiction as fact. The
magaji, I'm told, wastes a good deal of time having these
reports checked out. Many elders wouldn't fall for such a
trick, of course, but enough undead leaders glean their
news from younger, more energetic sources that I suspect
some level of this behavior is going on in every corner of
the continent.

Sires COMMAND, CHILDER INHERIT

Which legacy forefather had the wisdom and fairness
to suggest this Tenet? I'm a believer that it was an
Akunanse, of course, but it's hard to say. Some progenitor
with a love for his offspring, certainly.

This Tenet defines the rights of each party in the
relationship between sire and progeny. Strictly speaking,
the progenitor is responsible for his creation until that
creation is released as a free creature or accepted as
Belonging somewhere. Creators enjoy a parent's author-
ity over their offspring according to customary
interpretations of this rule. As a result of complete
obedience, any mistakes or transgressions made on the
part of the offspring are paid for by the sire who should
have been holding the leash. Just as often, sire and
offspring are punished together. This is why, despite the
thrill of having complete control over another being,
sires are eventually happy to give up their childer and
regain their own freedoms.


Childer are entitled to some inheritance from their
sires, though interpretations vary by magaji. Some sires
are required to present a physical gift of measurable worth
to their offspring. Many domains consider the "inherit-
ance of wisdom" sufficient to fulfill the demands of the
Tenet. In more social collections of Laibon, the childe is
forever considered the descendant of her sire and given a
degree of respect by association.

In some parts of the continent, especially Western-
ized areas, a Laibon's estate is even divided over his
young. This is notoriously difficult, though, considering
the limited connections undead lineages may share in
practice (having been raised centuries apart, perhaps).
The fact that no Laibon meets Final Death "naturally"
usually makes the execution of an estate a tense and
suspicious affair. Consider, too, what happens when a
100-year-old Laibon and his 20-year-old blood sibling are
expected to equally divide an elder's estate. There are
many Tenets that grant the elder brother more authority
and overshadow this one.

Different domains and legacies have their own means
of determining when a Laibon is ready to depart.
Naglopers, I hear, are seldom reared to any degree worth
the mention. One railroad-traveling brood of Kinyonyi
abandons its young without warning. Strangely, no hos-
tility seems to stem from this practice. A Kinyonyi I know
discovered his sire at a train station in Djibouti in the
middle of the night, much to their mutual delight. An
Osebo group in the Congo waits for the offspring to get up
the courage to leave on his own, presumably with what-
ever "inheritance" the childe can manage.

While this Tenet has, arguably, the most permutations
across the kingdom, it isn't weakened by its flexibility. Like
The Secret Must Be Kept, this rule usually spans between
two individual Laibon, rather than stemming down from the
magaji on high. Note, of course, that a magaji must always
know of a new Laibon's creation: No Secrets From the
Magaji because The Eldest Command Undeath.

Critics claim this Tenet actually encompasses two
guidelines. I agree. Not only should these two ideals be fused
forever, for the sake of both parties, especially with so many
illegitimate pairs of fangs loose tonight, but the language
that links them seems smartly crafted for this purpose.
Ironically, younger Laibon most often call for this Tenet to
be split, with one half replacing The Eldest Command
Undeath. Splitting these ideas would surely make them
both weaker, and which half of the elder-offspring battle
would suffer more from an additional weakness?

Tue Etpest COMMAND UNDEATH

Regarded by many thin-blooded Laibon as a redun-
dant social organ or heavy-handed reinforcement of other
elder-favoring Tenets, The Eldest Command Undeath is
regarded as the most abused Tenet. Elders handle it deli-
cately. Young Laibon openly hate and fear it.

The Followers of Set sometimes get the blame for this
Tenet, simply because of their associations with death.
As] understand it, the assumption is that the Setites were
willing to share command over the destruction of their
brethren just so long as their kind was given a means of
legal murder. This idea seems to me to be too spiteful to
be true. Perhaps the real author of this Tenet no longer
wishes the credit.

In the strictest domains of Africa, this Tenet grants
the eldest Laibon complete control over the very unlives
of their subjects. Only fanatical lunatics subscribe to such
a doctrine and Belong in such a domain.

Commonly, this rule is said to give magaji the right
to govern the legitimacy and circumstances of a Laibon's
creation and Final Death. In practice this means a magaji
may deny a Laibon's request to sire progeny, may validate
or nullify existing but unauthorized progeny, call for
investigations intoaLaibon's murder or declare a Laibon's
death to be acceptable under "the law." Truly, that is a
great deal of authority.

Pedantic elders pick on the accepted language here,
despite earlier decisions about translation. The Tenet
does not expressly describe a single, all-powerful deci-
sion-maker, they say. Therefore, any Laibon may choose
to create or destroy any Laibon younger than he so long
as it is done within the scope of the other Tenets. Thin-
blooded Laibon are none too happy with this
interpretation, either.

The reasons this Tenet is given such low priority in
so many domains are integral to the understanding of
Laibon culture. This Tenet is considered a formality. It
states an obvious fact as law, as though gravity were to be
ratified. The eldest inherently possess the power to shape
the destinies of their young, they have physical, intellec-
tual and supernatural potency outside the scope of any
screeching whelp. Any rule attempt to override this fact
would be completely artificial and impossible to enforce.

1 imagine that as more new Laibon slip between the
gaps in the Tenets and are created despite this rule we will
see this idea tested.

TRAVELERS OBEY THE TENETS

To my surprise, the Ishtarri are not only given credit
for this Tenet, but they seem to accept it. This is odd
because the rule is an extension of the traditional Laibon
sentiment that foreign undead aren't welcome in Africa.
In a way, this Tenet closed the era of accepted undead
emigration to Africa.

On that famous night when the Tenets were offered
to and accepted by the Guruhi, the assembly of vampires
informally agreed that no more legacies would be given
official positions in the social hierarchy. Yes, a fair

number of undead groups, clans and families have since
drifted in from Europe, the United States and Asia. These
groups have little united power. Whatever power a


foreign "Kindred" gains in a Laibon domain is individual
and based on specific personal successes that are consid-
ered exceptions to his damnable origin.

Therein lies the real purpose of this Tenet, | think.
While it serves to support the idea that these Tenets are
the true law of the land, rather than a code adopted by
subscribing members, it also serves to include the Ishtarri
in an indisputable way. The Ishtarri are a part of the
Tenets, and so part of the realm. To understand the real
circumstance, you have to know that this is the only
Tenet I know of to have its language formally changed.
The original rule named visitors instead of travelers, and
so in effect defined all bloodlines other than the original
nine as outsiders. This also defines the Ishtarri as insiders.

The change of language is universally accepted, as
near as I can tell. An especially old ghoul archivis
Addis Ababa tells me that visitor and traveler are tanta-
mount in the original language, though he could not tell
me what language that was. The point is that the local
Laibon were concerned that Kindred emigrating to Af-
rica with the intention of staying would attempt to
circumvent the spirit of the Tenet through the language.
So, the Tenet was changed. In a way, this makes the
Tenet overlap with the rule of Belonging, but in practice,
the difference is clear enough.

Magaji use this Tenet to compel Laibon visiting their
domains to follow local interpretations of the Tenets.
The alternative, which has been attempted, believe me,
is thata Laibon is required to follow only the mandates of
the magaji whose domain she Belongs in. This goes
against the spirit of the Belonging clause, too, of course,
by suggesting a means of popular order. Notice that this
Tenet also puts more focus on the borders of any given
domain. Moving from the territory of one maga
another's can be a big deal if they do not see the Tenets
in the same ways. It's like moving from one worldview
into another.

If you learn nothing else from this Tenet, learn that
few magaji agree on what exactly the Tenets mean.

Tue Evpesr ARE KHOLO

Finally, we reach the Kinyonyi Tenet. Every magaji |
know of ranks this Tenet last in his domain because the
concept it supports is considered fundamental by every
Laibon in power. Of course the eldest Laibon are the kholo;
that's what the kholo signifies. In the broadest sense, that's
true. This Tenet is designed, | think, to create an institu-
tionalized standard that can be exploited later.

The mercenary existence of so many Kinyonyi re-
sults in a great many of their kind not Belonging to any
domain in particular. The majority of magaji allow this
because of the valuable niche such mercenaries fill with-
out shaking up the normal order as they might otherwise.
Couple this accepted national mobility with the rule

made law by this Tenet, and you can see what sort of
power your ancestors gave to the Kinyonyi, whether they
knew it at the time or not.

This Tenet grants the Kinyonyia social mobility that
is available to no other Laibon. With the support of this
rule, a Kinyonyi elder may arrive ina domain and demand
to be recognized and respected as the Kinyonyi kholo of
the region. Once her work is done, such a Kinyonyi can
then easily remove herself from the domain and move to
some other region where herage can be put to some other,
possibly contrary, use.

Consider the language. Not only is Belonging not
mandatory (because the Tenet doesn't say it is), but this
Tenet specifically does not say a Laibon needs to Belong
in order to be considered kholo. An argument can als
be made that by refusing to apply this Tenet toa visiting
Kinyonyi, the magaji is in violation of the Tenets, since
Travelers Obey the Tenets can be interpreted to mean
that the Tenets apply to travelers. This Tenet is posi-
tioned rather ambiguously, I believe, as a formal
quantifier of the exceptional Kinyonyi role in the Laibon
social order.

Stories about this Tenet's origin do not agree. In
Lusaka I was informed, quite formally in front of an
offended magaji, that this Tenet exemplifies the Kinyonyi
role as grub-favors and whores. Supposedly the Kinyonyi
ancestor sold his say in the Tenets, so this one actually
comes from some other legacy. The Kinyonyi, of course,
do not strategize within the Laibon political structure
this way. I prefer the Kinyonyi version of this story,
though, which tells us that the Kinyonyi offered to let
every other legacy go before them so that he could write
a Tenet which would secure his legacy's flexible position
in the rigid hierarchy of undead. This not only implies
that the Kinyonyi can strategize as well as their warrior
image suggests, but it reinforces the idea that Kinyonyi
are concerned solely with their own kind.

Practically speaking, this Tenet doesn't seem to be
invoked very often. I suspect this is to keep it at the
bottom of the list, to maintain its non-threatening posi-
tion. Otherwise, this would be a difficult Tenet to make
use of in the Kinyonyi way. It's a wonderful way. A
Kinyonyi collector explained a little bit about the proce:
to me at a truckstop in Windhock. As I understand it,
certain circles of Kinyonyi cultivate carefully designed
relationships with certain magaji so that the Laibon in
these circles can move in and out of different kholo seats
in whatever manner suits their agendas. It's thoughtfully
but loosely orchestrated, of that I'm sure. Otherwise, the
process seems designed to spread power out over more
Kinyonyi than there are open kholo positions in the
subject domains. Theoretically, more power for more
Kinyonyi means more power for the legacy overall.


The reason this practice isn't immediately quashed
by magaji is because it doesn't win any benefits that are
not actively given up by gullible magaji. First, no magaji
is actually required to listen to (or follow) the advice of
his kholo. Second, since the Kinyonyi who actively
participate in these tricks work together, their agendas
are usually similar enough that their advice is consistent.
Third, most magaji believe that the purpose of the
process is to give the Kinyonyi legacy a say in Laibon
society without requiring them to anchor themselves to
a single seat in a single domain. Many magaji don't pay
enough attention to the advice of their kholo to ruminate
over which Kinyonyi is offering it anyway.

Do not mistake this Tenet's flexibility for an oppor-
tunity. The real reason it sits at the bottom of some
many lists is because it applies mainly to a single legacy.
I don't know of any non-Kinyonyi Laibon who has
moved into someone's territory and taken over as kholo
without also asking to Belong there. Here's why: A
kholo who doesn't Belong can be extinguished without
any mandatory investigation afterward because The
Eldest Command Undeath. Without an angry magaji a
consequence, there's little reason not to do away with
one's competition.

A THOUSAND TITLES

Outside of the social structure described in the Te-
nets, the magaji may create whatever titles, positions or
offices he sees fit. He may invent some method of catego-
rizing the Laibon within his influence, or he may demand
special behavior or forms of address at formal events. The
magaji may or may not hold organized meetings of any
kind; there is no standard method here.

Most positions created by a magaji are meant as
honorable recognition fora Laibon's successes, assistance
or skills. Several domains | know have a chronicler or
secretary. More than not, in my experience, have formal
offices for finances and special relationships with body-
guards. A few domains have veritable militias of Osebo or
Shango enforcers. Spies are not as common in rural areas
as they are in the cities, but they're not unheard of. To my
surprise, many spies have fancy titles associated with
them and are well known in the foreign lands where they
operate. This formalized espionage is usually knowingly,
quietly reciprocated between domain:

Very many titles mean nothing. I have been given
more than one special address across the kingdom, and I
pay no attention to any of them. Falhu's domain in
Ethiopia has a court storyteller. Cesewayo, a magaji in
Central Africa, keeps an Ishtarri on his payroll to sketch
gorillas for him. In Guinea and Senegal I've met Minis-
ters of Jewelry. A magaji in Cameroon appointed a
fledgling to the charity position of Birdkeeper. These are
cosmetic positions, sometimes ridiculous ones, designed
to flatter, compel or reward.

Aside from all of these, there are sometimes less
obvious offices. Minister of Portents, for example, or
Investigator. I find those positions that are kept in secret
to be the most fascinating. I've traveled with a Kinyonyi
whose job it is to throw off mortal investigations that
threaten to uncover the Secret That Must Be Kept. She
holds this title in domains from Eritrea to Tanzania,
which is especially odd.

Few magaji care enough to honor another magaji's
charity title, at least of the magaji that I know. Magaji
don't like to accept another magaji's judgments or assig-
nations. It's a waste of the magaji's power, a surrender of
authority. Worse, it motivates Laibon migration and
erodes the power structure altogether.

WAR OF AGES

Endurance is the measure of a Laibon's worth. Sur-
vival is the ultimate goal of all creatures, and the undead
have been given the fantastic might ne ry to survive
for eternity. As the essential factor of Laibon existence is
deathlessness, age becomes the definition of power.

Experience shows that stability leads to survival.
Solid, tested routines and entrenched, proven traditions
are the surest ways to protect one's unlife. There is no
better method forthcoming. The changing world is a
distraction. Change means risk, and the power that can
be gained through eternity isn't worth the risk.

Those Laibon who do not change and do not take
risks grow stagnant, immobile and impotent. These are
the Laibon who grow old. Thus, these are the Laibon who
claim the continent as their domain. This is the conflict
I've seen everywhere, the struggle of a staggering horde of
new, thin-blooded vampires to shake up the ancient
system they say is crushing them. This is the same conflict
rural magaji tell me isn't going on, the same war the elders
seem not to notice.

The youngest Laibon can seldom have their argu-
ments heard by their elders because a thin-blood is hardly
considered a Laibon. I've heard compelling, scary argu-
ments from some of these childer, perceptive and informed
thoughts on the direction Laibon society is headed. An
Ishtarri in Johannesburg described it to me this way: "The
future of Laibon society looks something like a fiery
locomotive and monorail train wreck." I'm not con-
vinced he's wrong, but for every one of these cautionary
reformists, a dozen headless anarchists shake their fists at
the ancient ways.

AGE

The modern argument that each successive genera-
tion of Laibon is a collection of dead minds frozen in a
different period of time is not totally flawed. As mortals,
every would-be Laibon is influenced by his era or his
environment. At best, this means that Laibon asa whole,

Reser enc

ifsucha thing can be entertained, move forward not just
in stages but also very slowly. Childer would have you
believe that this is the problem with Guruhi domi-
nance, that another generation is always needed to
drive progress. I tend to agree a bit with the Guruhi
system, however. Generational progress moves in only
one direction — away from Cagn. The strongest Laibon
have already been created, and there is little benefit to
be gained by giving power to the weaker young. I also
believe that power can be usurped, and that success
indicates strength. In this way, the younger generations
serve to create a herd from which leaders can be singled
out. They are the standard, against which exceptions
can be plainly seen.

A society must develop, after all, mustn't it? It
should grow and expand organically. Here, too, lies an
error. A society exists as a living, organic thing. A
Laibon does not. The Guruhi understand what it means
to be eternal. It means you must secure your fate early on
and then enjoy it. If you picture the social hierarchy as
a massive pyramid crushing the youngest Laibon be-
neath it, then you are buying into propaganda. In truth,
the young scurry about like bugs on the surface of the
social order. They have numbers, feckless strength and
a strange beauty, like insects. Around them tower true
beasts. The predators and other feeders: the lions, hy-
enas, constrictors and vultures. Dangerous, powerful
and dependent on the ground they prowl. They eat only
what the earth gives up to feed the middle creatures, the
mortals. The Guruhi are the Earth. They are under-
neath everything, they are the foundation on which all
Laibon order is possible. The most impressive thing is
that this relationship is by design.

Secure your fate in the beginning, and you will have
eternity to watch it unfold. What do the Guruhi need
with progress? What does Western money have to offer
them? What do they need of advanced medicines or
crude oil or diamonds? What do they care which mortal
leads or subjugates the rest in this decade? I cannot say.
Some Guruhi may care, but we are unlikely to know
why. Many of us would not understand if we were to be
told, I think.

A Laibon I know in Djibouti has five or six thin-
blooded thralls whom she keeps in her employ for blood
refining. She sends them out to drink, then drinks from
them when they return. Occasionally she'll drink one to
dust. By her logic, the blood she gets from them is
empowered by its time in a Laibon body, even a weak
one. | don't know if that's the case, but I do know that
she never risks her own existence going out to feed.

So why do these collectors cooperate? Because there
are no other Laibon around them for miles. They have
been taught that this is the way things are.

YOUTH

In any flimsy mortal society, power must be passed
down as even the most perfect leaders age and die. Not so
for us. The leaders become more and more powerful as
time goes on because the populations under their sway
only expand.

Expansion is the problem. The Laibon 14th genera-
tions from Cagn are considered cheap to "produce" and
easy to throw away. Many are not considered worth the
effort of a tribunal, so they are told to obey the Tenets
but are treated to none of the benefits of allegiance.
They are hardly thought of as members of Laibon
society in many cases.

Young Laibon must persevere in a violent world
where their unlives are worth nothing to their stagnant
masters. They have no place in Laibon society and no
indication that they will achieve one in the future
unless seats are vacated through 10 generations worth of
extinguished elders. Young Laibon receive the message
that they must play by the rules to earn their place in
Laibon society. Then they're told their place has al-
ready been taken.

If these newest Laibon are to gain anything from
their unlives, they must carve themselves a space in the
world. If they may not claim the eternity that belongs to
them through their connection to Cagn, then they have
no reason not to risk their unlives in the pursuit of
progress. They must explode or be smothered.

In practice, of course, very little outright violence
goes on. Most modern childer have never seen the magaji
of their domain since most modern childer dwell in
territories choking with undead overpopulation. Some
childer play by the rules long enough to reach a point
where they can be heard. Others engineer confrontations
that will attract attention to their skills and value, but the
best of those demonstrations make it only into the
peripheral vision of Laibon centuries older than them.

So most childer either exist on the rim of Laibon
culture, working as errand boys or simple muscle for their
sires. Even more have few working ties to their elders at
all. This is the great fog of useless young that drifts
through discos and cineplexes, spilling blood and trip-
ping into the sunlight. A victory for these creatures is in
the blood of drug-addicts.

The nightly practices of thin-bloods are variable,
low-scale and totally new to Laibon culture. Not only do
I know many Laibon who haven't seen moving pictures,
I would say the larger half of those are magaji. So there is
a revolution going in Laibon society, starting in the
lowest, simplest souls, but | don't think it's the revolution
anyone is asking for. What's more, so many Laibon on

both sides of the issue don't seem to see or appreciate it.


Modern Laibon are becoming involved in an age of
changes that their sires aren't even aware of yet. What
could be more dangerous to the elders than a massive,
invisible cultural change in the population?

FRACTURED DOMAINS

The curious nature of power in the Ebony Kingdom
makes for more than a little confusion among the Laibon
who dwell within it. While the Ebony Kingdom itself
consists (tonight, at least) of 11 lesser kingdoms, each
belonging to a Guruhi lord, those kingdoms are divided
into smaller domains, which are the responsibilities of
the magaji.

Little can be said regarding the kingdoms them-
selves, for their Guruhi masters are secretive and
withdrawn. A Laibon who makes his home in one Guruhi's
kingdom might never see that Guruhi during his entire
unlife— or the kingdom may change hands in one of the
power plays that characterize the Guruhi's way of doing
things. This Guruhi lord almost certainly wouldn't step
in to "right a wrong" committed by a magaji, especially if
it affects only one Laibon. After all, the other Laibon are
guests in the Guruhi's domain, and their magaji are the
caretakers of those domains.

Of course, a magaji might arouse a Guruhi king's ire
and find himself banished, declared a traitor to the
kingdom or hunted by the Guruhi's agents. But then
again, if one magaji finds himself on poor terms with his

Guruhi lord, well, another Guruhi might see him as just
the sort of Laibon he would want to handle domains in his
kingdom and entice the magaji to join him instead.

As might be expected, all sorts of permutations of
this situation occur constantly. A domain needn't be a
city; it might be a stretch of land oracollection of smaller
communities the Guruhi king entrusts to one magaji.
Such delineations aren't necessarily clear, however, as
the Guruhi rarely bother to make proclamations to the
Laibon in those kingdoms about who's in charge where.
Assuch, a certain domain might not obviously belong to

acertain magaji, and a Laibon who acts in accordance to
how he believes he should behave in one domain might
be grievously breaching the etiquette in the one where he
actually is. The Guruhi might not have told another of
his magaji that his domain includes a certain area, leav-
ing the magaji to handle affairs without his knowledge

that he's supposed to be handling them. One domain
might overlap with another, if the Guruhi lord has
forgotten where one domain ends and the next begins,
leaving different (and often opposing) magaji to deal
with affairs in the same region. Indeed, some Guruhi
might do this intentionally to cull weak magaji from their

ranks without being seen as the active force encouraging
their conflict.

Domains need not splinter only on the level of the
kingdom, either. The Ebony Kingdom is divided into
hundreds, if not thousands of smaller domains. Some of

31


these are so sparsely populated by Laibon as to be aca-
demic at best (if a domain of one, you're the authority
figure, obviously), but others rival the Kindred popula-
tions of the greatest Western cities. In these great
population centers, or even in the smaller ones, a magaji
may well claim the domain without the knowledge or
approval of the kingdom's Guruhi patron. The title of
magaji cannot truly be usurped, as it is bestowed by a lord,
but the thousands of pretenders to the position have
demonstrated over the years that such a situation might
simply be a semantic matter in certain cases. Add to that
the fact that the Guruhi kings are often old, distracted or
otherwise concerned. If their kingdoms don't have any
turbulent issues in them, well, it doesn't truly matter to
them who is magaji, whether it's the Laibon they put
there or someone else with the sense of duty to get the job
done. A domain might have two (or more!) magaji— the
rightful one and the would-be claimant, no rightful
magaji and two feuding aspirants, or any other outlandish
condition that might arise. Rest assured, if you can
imagine it, someone else has already and has put it to the
test in one of the kingdoms somewhere.

Such chaos on the local level can also make for truly
uncommon situations in the domains as well. A domain
with no magaji — due to the original being stripped of
title, fleeing the responsibility, "attrition" or whatever
— may never have another magaji appointed if the
Guruhi master is too busy (or forgetful). A domain
might truly be lawless. On the other hand, the kholo
may take it upon themselves to deal with the domain's
affairs in the interim, or they might have actively ousted
the magaji to begin with.

Africa doesn't truly have "anarchs," as it a
that most of the Laibon in the domains want to change
something about the Guruhi's kingdom. As such, the
kings attribute a general level of discontent to all of
the Laibon in their domains — that's why they need
the magaji.

All of this makes for a liquid political environment,
of course, and also encourages Laibon who would be
forever locked out of the official system by a lack of
Guruhi favor to gather "shadow power." Enterprising
Laibon may support mortal political movements, taking
their strength not from the seal of Guruhi approval, but
from real-world power gathered from the strength of the
mortals upon whom they build their power base. They
may do the same with cults or religious movements,
terrorist organizations or juntas. They may be warlords
themselves or even attain some degree of fame and power
among those mortals — after all, when a dictator must
defend his life at any cost, those habits are going to
necessitate and even breed some eccentricity. When the
new coup is led by a man who moves only at night, it's
unlikely that the first thought to cross others' minds will

ssumes

be that he's a Laibon. Rather, they may assume that he
moves only at night to better hide himself from his
enemies. Even so, the Ebony Kingdom, and even mortal
Africa is so steeped in acceptance of magic and the
supernatural that it might not even cause some people to
think twice if rumor ascribes supernatural methods or
origins to a visible figure.

Since most Laibon never see their Guruhi kings, how
are they to know that such kings even exist? It's possible
that all of the infrastructure in place is simply the relic of
a dead regime. The Guruhi kings may have all died or
gone to torpor. They may have killed each other, with
tonight's supposed 11 kingdoms claimed in actuality by a
lesser number of kings. Certain Laibon may know this for
fact, which explains the self-appointed magaji to some
degree, but what proof could any Laibon possibly have
when dealing with creatures as reputedly potent and
venerable as the kings?

The upshot is that the Ebony Kingdom plays host
to thousands of opportunities. Whether they're legiti-
mate in the eyes of others or the actions of Laibon gone
rogue doesn't really matter in the end. What matters to
most Laibon is the here and now, and if the local
magaji is powerless against the Xi Dundu raiders, those
raiders are going to have more political sway than the
rightful authority. Then again, that's no guarantee
that the local Laibon want those Xi Dundu there.
They may stage their own coup, ousting the raiders and
the ineffectual magaji in one fell swoop and installing
their own new leader — who then serves at their whim
unless she can establish herself independently. Such is
the vicious cycle of power and the shattered dom:
of the Ebony Kingdom.

STORIES

Stories in the Ebony Kingdom are as numerous as the
grains of sand in the Sahara. The Laibon, the vampires of
Africa, understand that stories, like the desert sands,
provide a poor foundation for structures or relationships
intended to last. Unreliable and ever-changing, they
shift beneath your feet when least expected. Tempered
with water and heat — and, perhaps, a little blood —
tales can be employed in the creation of something
lasting. Of themselves, though, they should be approached
with suspicion.

The Laibon enjoy stories, but they offer them with
the understanding that their audience will not, and
should not, accept them blindly. In fact, the most expe-
rienced tale-weavers among the Ebony Kingdom's undead
preface their recitations with an opening used by their
mortal counterparts among the Ashanti: "We do not
really mean, we do not really mean, that what we are
going to say is true."


2.
Ye

= Lat 4, Bez
SS Sen PS Pema ¢

A story's failure to be "true" — that is, precise with
the facts, a perfect mirror of events or people — does not
limit its ability to convey truth asa principle, however. A
tale's theme and the lesson it imparts can be vitally
important, even if the trappings prove fictional. This
would seem obvious, but by foregrounding the fracture

between fiction and reality, the storyteller signals the
listener that the tale's lessons require effort.

Calling attention to the rift also shields the teller
from an audience's potential wrath by dismissing the
content as created, much in the same way the phrase
"any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is
purely coincidental" on a novel's copyright page pro-
tects a modern author from legal dangers. Why this
remains important becomes obvious to any Laibon who
considers the consequences of offending a hot-tem-
pered fellow or elder.

Among many African peoples, Laibon included,
storytelling rates as an almost magical act. In addition to
its function as entertainment, tale spinning provides a
way to conjure the past, to convey lessons, and, most
important of all, to demonstrate respect to those who
have gone before. This last might explain why certain
stories are rarely if ever told by mortals in the daytime.
You are far more likely to encounter an ancestor (or any

other supernatural entity) at night, and if the purpose of
your story is to show respect to them, you need to tell it
when they're going to be around. So the most experi-
enced of mortal tale spinners assume that they speak to
two audiences when they practice their art, one within

the glow of the campfire or the porch light, the other in
the darkness beyond.

Stories across the continent share two major traits.
They tend to further a cynical, rather than romantic,
vision of the world. Love fails, men lose their dreams,
heroes stumble and fall. The stories also play out on a
stage largely confined to the Earth. The gods begin their
existence among men and move heavenward, rather
than originating above and descending to meddle with
As you might e

the lesser creatures belov

pect, stories
traded by the Laibon are even more cynical than those
traded by their mortal neighbors. But this is a difference
in degree, not kind. In the Ebony Kingdom, the folktales
and myths of the Embraced tend to be much more like

those of their mortal counterparts than anywhere else in
the world.

Such is certainly the case with the most common
version of the Laibon creation myth, which shares com-
mon elements with folktales told by the Bushmen, the
Ashanti and the Bakongo.

33

ee |

How CAGN
EARNED THE WRATH
OF THE LION
AND THE SUN

WE DO NOT REALLY MEAN. WE DO NOT
REALLY MEAN, THAT WHAT WE ARE GOING TO
SAY IS TRUE

A WOMAN OF THE EARLY RACE GAVE BIRTH
TO TWO SONS AFTER A LONG LABOR. THE FIRST
SHE NAMED CAGN. THE OTHER NAKATI. BOTH
SONS WERE BORN IN POSSESSION OF A VALUABLE
FETISH. AND BECAUSE OF THIS. THEY WERE FULL-
GROWN FROM THE MOMENT THEY ENTERED THE
WORLD. CAGN. BEING THE ELDER. IMMEDIATELY
ANNOUNCED HIS DESIRE TO UNDERTAKE A LONG
JOURNEY. ALTHOUGH HIS MOTHER AND BROTHER
OBJECTED, FEARFUL AS THEY WERE FOR HIS
SAFETY. CAGN WOULD BROOK NO ARGUMENT
AND QUICKLY DEPARTED.

AT ABOUT THE SAME TIME, THE DAUGHTER
OF THE SUN HAD REACHED THE AGE TO MARRY
THE GIRL DASSE BY NAME. WAS PRETTY AND
WISE. AND NO SOONER HAD SHE ANNOUNCED HER
INTEREST IN FINDING A HUSBAND THAN LEOPARD
CAME FORWARD. "I WILL BE HUSBAND TO YOUR
DAUGHTER" LEOPARD ANNOUNCED TO THE SUN.
AND THE SUN REPLIED, "YOU MUST SPEAK TO HER
YOURSELF. FOR SHE WILL MARRY ONLY THE MAN
OF HER CHOICE" LEOPARD DID SO. BUT DASSE
REFUSED HIM. THEN ELAND AND BLUE JAY AND
TORTOISE AND ALL THE OTHER CREATED THINGS
THAT HAD BREATH CAME FORWARD AND ASKED
DASSE TO MARRY. BUT DASSE TURNED THEM ALL
DOWN. TELLING EACH ONE IN TURN THAT SHE
CARED FOR HIM. BUT NOT ENOUGH TO BE HIS WIFE.

MEANWHILE. CAGN HAD TRAVELED A LONG
WAY DOWN THE ROAD THAT LED FROM HIS
MOTHER'S VILLAGE AS HE WALKED. HE USED HIS
FETISH TO CREATE THE THINGS HE NEEDED FOR HIS
JOURNEY. HE PICKED A BLADE OF GRASS AND WITH
THE FETISH TRANSFORMED IT INTO A SPEAR HE
PICKED A SECOND BLADE OF GRASS AND TRANS-
FORMED IT INTO A CLOAK. HE PICKED A THIRD
BLADE OF GRASS AND TRANSFORMED IT INTO A
KNIFE AND SO ON. UNTIL HE HAD EVERYTHING
HE NEEDED TO SURVIVE.

AFTER MANY DAYS OF TRAVEL CAGN CAME
TO THE SUN'S TOWN. HE WAS THERE NOT AN
HOUR BEFORE DASSE SAW HIM FROM AFAR. AND
AS SOON AS SHE SET EYES UPON HIM, SHE FELL IN
LOVE SHE RAN THEN TO HER FATHER THE SUN
AND SAID. "| HAVE SEEN THE MAN | AM MEANT
TO MARRY. I SHALL DIE OF SADNESS IF WE ARE
NOT TOGETHER"

THEN CAGN, WHO HAD LEARNED OF DA‘
BEAUTY AND WISDOM FROM ALL THE DEJECTED
SUITORS. SOUGHT OUT THE SUN AND SAID TO HIM.
"| WILL BE HUSBAND TO YOUR DAUGHTER" AND
JUST AS HE HAD WITH LEOPARD AND ELAND AND
THE REST, THE SUN TOLD CAGN. "YOU MUST SPEAK
TO HER YOURSELF, FOR SHE WILL ONLY MARRY THE
MAN OF HER CHOICE"

WHEN DASSE SAW CAGN COMING TO SPEAK
WITH HER SHE RAN TOWARD HIM. SEEING DASSE'S
BEAUTY AND THE LIGHT OF WISDOM IN HER EYES.
CAGN RAN TOWARD HER THEY KNEW THAT
THEY LOVED ONE ANOTHER WITHOUT NEEDING
TO SAY A WORD. IMMEDIATELY THEY EMBRACED
AND WERE MARRIED SOON AFTER

AS THE ENTIRE TOWN DANCED AND CEL-
EBRATED, CAGN AND THE DAUGHTER OF THE SUN
ENTERED THE LARGEST HUT AND SLEPT THERE.
WHEN HE AWOKE. CAGN NOTICED FOR THE FIRST
TIME THAT MIRRORS CROWDED THE HUT. TEN OF
THEM LINED THE WALLS. EACH ONE COVERED
WITH A HEAVY PIECE OF WHITE CLOTH. AND HE
ASKED DASSE TO REMOVE THE CLOTH. SO THAT
HE MIGHT SEE HIMSELF. SHE UNCOVERED THE FIRST.
STEPPING ASIDE WITHOUT A WORD TO LET CAGN
GAZE INTO THE GLASS. BUT WHEN CAGN LOOKED
INTO IT. HE DID NOT SEE HIS REFLECTION. INSTEAD
HE SAW A _ PERFECT, VIVID IMAGE OF HIS
MOTHER'S VILLAGE. THEN THE DAUGHTER OF THE
SUN UNCOVERED ALL THE MIRRORS BUT ONE. AND
WHEN CAGN LOOKED INTO EACH HE SAW A
DIFFERENT VILLAGE OR TOWN. SOME WERE
FAMILIAR TO HIM FROM HIS TRAVELS, OTHERS
WERE NOT. ‘EACH OF YOUR SONS WILL RULE OVER
ONE OF THESE NINE PLACES. DASSE EXPLAINED.


CAGN STOOD BEFORE THE TENTH MIRROR.
STILL COVERED BY ITS WHITE CLOTH. "AND WHAT
DOES THIS SHOW?" HE ASKED.

"THE PLACE THAT ALL MEN KNOW. BUT FROM
WHICH NONE EVER RETURNS. SAID THE DAUGH-
TER OF THE SUN. TREMBLING WITH FRIGHT. "I
CANNOT LET YOU SEE IT. FOR YOU WILL WANT
TO GO THERE"

CAGN URGED HER TO LET HIM VIEW THE
IMAGE IN THE FINAL MIRROR. AND AT LAST SHE
BOWED HER HEAD AND DREW ASIDE THE CLOTH.
CAGN DID NOT TREMBLE AT THE SIGHT OF THE
IMAGE. INSTEAD. HE STARED IN WONDER. THEN HE
PUFFED OUT HIS CHEST. "| KNOW THIS PLACE" HE
SAID. "1 WILL PROVE THAT A MAN MAY JOURNEY
THERE AND RETURN. | AM BOLD AND QUICK-
WITTED. BESIDES. MY FETISH WILL PROTECT ME

ALTHOUGH HIS WIFE OBJECTED. FEARFUL AS
SHE WAS FOR HIS SAFETY, CAGN WOULD BROOK
NO ARGUMENT AND QUICKLY DEPARTED.

HE TRAVELED FOR DAYS UPON END. UNTIL HE
CAME AT LAST TO THE PLACE THAT HE HAD SEEN
IN THE FINAL MIRROR AT THE OUTSKIRTS OF THE
CITY STOOD A MAGNIFICENTLY CLEAR WATERING
HOLE. AND NO ONE COULD PASS IT WITHOUT
PAUSING TO DRINK AND AS CAGN DID SO, FOR
HIS JOURNEY HAD BEEN LONG AND DIFFICULT, LION
SPRANG FROM THE BRUSH AT THE POOLS EDGE. HE
POUNCED UPON CAGN AND LOCKED HIS JAWS
AROUND HIM, JUST AS HE DID WITH EVERY
TRAVELER WHO STOPPED TO DRINK AT THE
WATERING HOLE

CAGN REACHED FOR HIS FETISH, BUT FAILED TO
GRASP IT. HE REACHED FOR HIS SPEAR AND HIS
KNIFE. BUT FAILED TO GRASP THEM, TOO. AND
EACH TIME THE MAN STRUGGLED, LION CLAMPED
HIS JAWS CLOSED MORE TIGHTLY. UNTIL FINALLY
HE TORE CAGN APART. THEN LION SETTLED DOWN
AT THE WATERSS EDGE TO FEAST UPON HIS PRIZE.
UNTIL NOTHING BUT BONES WERE LEFT.

NOW NAKATI WONDERED AT THE LONG
ABSENCE OF HIS BROTHER HE ANNOUNCED TO HIS
MOTHER HIS INTENTION TO TAKE A_ LONG
JOURNEY TO FIND CAGN., AND THOUGH SHE WAS
SAD, SHE RECOGNIZED THE REASON HE MUST
LEAVE SO IT WAS WITH HIS MOTHER'S BLESSING
THAT NAKATI LEFT THE VILLAGE AS HE MADE
HIS WAY DOWN THE ROAD, HE USED HIS FETISH
TO CREATE THE THINGS HE NEEDED FOR HIS
JOURNEY. NAKATI PICKED A BLADE OF GRASS AND
WITH HIS FETISH TRANSFORMED IT INTO A SPEAR.
HE PICKED A SECOND BLADE OF GRASS AND
TRANSFORMED IT INTO A CLOAK. HE PICKED A
THIRD BLADE OF GRASS AND TRANSFORMED IT
INTO A KNIFE. AND SO ON. UNTIL HE HAD
EVERYTHING HE NEEDED TO SURVIVE.


AFTER MANY DAYS OF TRAVEL NAKATI
CAME TO THE SUN'S TOWN. HE WAS THERE NOT
AN HOUR BEFORE DASSE SAW HIM FROM AFAR
AND AS SOON AS SHE SET EYES UPON HIM, SHE
RUSHED FORWARD TO EMBRACE HIM. "CAGN," SHE
CRIED. "MY DEAR HUSBAND! YOU HAVE RETURNEDr

NAKATI GREETED HIS SISTER-IN-LAW RESPECT-
FULLY. BUT WOULD NOT EMBRACE HER "I AM NOT
CAGN. | AM HIS BROTHER"

THEN THE SUN HEARD THAT SOMEONE HAD
COME TO HIS TOWN. WHEN HE SAW NAKATI HE
RUSHED FORWARD TO EMBRACE HIM. "CAGN* HE
CRIED. "MY DEAR SON-IN-LAW! YOU HAVE RETURNED?

NAKATI GREETED THE SUN RESPECTFULLY. BUT
NOTED, "1 AM NOT CAGN. | AM HIS BROTHER"

THE SUN AND HIS DAUGHTER DID NOT SEEM TO
HEAR HIS WORDS. SO GREAT WAS THEIR JOY AT
THE RETURN OF ONE THEY THOUGHT LOST TO
THEM FOREVER AS THE ENTIRE TOWN DANCED
AND CELEBRATED, NAKATI AND DASSE WERE LED
TO THE LARGEST HUT. DASSE AGAIN TRIED TO
EMBRACE NAKATIL AND AGAIN HE REFUSED. THE
SITUATION TROUBLED NAKATI GREATLY. FOR HE
DID NOT WISH TO DISHONOR HIS BROTHER AND
YET HE COULD NOT MAKE DASSE SEE THAT HE WAS.
NOT HER HUSBAND. FINALLY. HE CALLED UPON HIS

FETISH. USING THE POWER OF THE VALUABLE

CHARM. HE MOVED THE SLEEPING DA‘ TO
ANOTHER ROOM FOR THE NIGHT SO THAT NO
SHAME WOULD FALL UPON THEM WHEN THE
TRUTH OF HIS IDENTITY WAS FINALLY KNOWN.

WHEN HE WOKE, NAKATI NOTICED FOR THE
FIRST TIME THAT MIRRORS CROWDED THE HUT.
TEN OF THEM STILL LINED THE WALLS. EACH ONE
AGAIN COVERED WITH A HEAVY PIECE OF WHITE
CLOTH. AS SHE HAD WITH CAGN, DASSE REVEALED
ALL OF THE MIRRORS. SAVE ONE WHEN NAKATI
LOOKED INTO THE GLASS OF THE FIRST NINE. HE
SAW NOTHING Z NO TOWNS AND NO VILLAGES.
BUT WHEN HE FINALLY PERSUADED DASSE TO
DRAW ASIDE THE CLOTH ON THE TENTH MIRROR.
NAKATI SAW THE PLACE THAT ALL MEN KNOW.
BUT FROM WHICH NONE EVER RETURNS.

TREMBLING AT THE SIGHT, NAKATI SAID, "I DO
NOT WISH TO GO THERE BUT I WILL MAKE THE
JOURNEY. MY BROTHER MUST BE TRAPPED IN THAT
TERRIBLE PLACE | WILL NOT LEAVE HIM TO HIS FATE"

HE TRAVELED FOR DAYS UPON END. UNTIL HE
CAME AT LAST TO THE PLACE THAT HE HAD SEEN
IN THE FINAL MIRROR HE SAW. TOO. THE
MAGNIFICENTLY CLEAR WATERING HOLE AND. AS
ALL TRAVELERS MUST. HE PAUSED TO DRINK
THEN LION POUNCED UPON NAKATI AND LOCKED
HIS JAWS AROUND HIM.

BUT NAKATI DID NOT REACH FOR HIS FETISH.
HE DID NOT REACH FOR HIS SPEAR OR HIS KNIFE.
HE DID NOT STRUGGLE AT ALL AGAINST THE
IMPLACABLE JAWS OF LION. AND LION MISTOOK
THE STILL FIGURE IN HIS MOUTH FOR SOMETHING
ALREADY DEAD AND NOT WORTH EATING AT
ALL SO HE CARRIED NAKATI AROUND THE
WATERING HOLE AND LEFT HIM ON THE OTHER
SIDE. AMONG THE BONES OF THOSE WHO HAD BEEN
FOOLISH ENOUGH TO THINK THEY COULD ESCAPE
LION BY FORCE ONCE HE HAD HIS TEETH ON THEM.

NAKATI LAY STILL. WAITING FOR LION TO
LEAVE. WHEN LION HAD DISAPPEARED BACK INTO
THE BRUSH AT THE POOL'S EDGE. HE ROSE UP AND
BEGAN TO SEARCH THE BONES. HE SOON FOUND
CAGN'S FETISH AMONG THE REMAINS OF A MAN.
A THANKFUL SMILE ON HIS FACE NAKATI
TOUCHED HIS OWN FETISH TO CAGN'S. AND THE
COMBINED POWER OF THE TWO VALUABLE
CHARMS BROUGHT CAGN BACK TO LIFE

NAKATI GAVE HIS BROTHER HIS CLOAK AND
HALF OF ALL HE POSS! . THEN HE SAID. "WE
MUST HURRY. THE EMPTINESS IN HIS BELLY WILL
WARN LION THAT I HAVE RETURNED THE FLESH
TO YOUR BONES."

CAGN WOULD BROOK NO ARGUMENT AND HE
WOULD NOT BE HURRIED. "| THANK YOU. BROTHER.
FOR RESCUING ME BUT I WILL NOT LEAVE THIS PLACE
WITHOUT SOMETHING TO SHOW FOR MY TROUBLES"

NO ARGUMENT WOULD SWAY CAGN FROM
HIS COURSE. AND SO HE TOOK UP BOTH FETISHES
AND TOUCHED THEM TO THE BONES OF THE NINE
MEN WHO HAD LAIN AROUND HIM. ONE BY ONE.
THE FLESH RETURNED TO THEIR BONES AND THEY
ROSE UP. ONLY THEN. AFTER THE NINE RETAINERS
HAD SWORN THEMSELVES TO BE AS SONS TO
CAGN. DID THE TWO BROTHERS AND CAGN'S
FOLLOWERS LEAVE THE TERRIBLE PLACE. BECAUSE
HE FACED THE ROAD APPROACHING THE CITY.
LION DID NOT SEE THEM UNTIL THEY HAD
ALREADY PASSED AROUND THE WATERING HOLE
AND ESCAPED.

AFTER MANY DAYS OF TRAVEL THE BROTH-
ERS AND THOSE WHO WERE SWORN TO BE AS
CAGN'S SONS CAME TO THE SUN'S TOWN. SEEING
NAKATI NOW NEXT TO HER HUSBAND. DASSE
RECOGNIZED HER MISTAKE AND THANKED HER
BROTHER-IN-LAW FOR PROTECTING HER HONOR
THE SUN. TOO, MARVELED AT NAKATI'S BRAVERY
AND HIS DEVOTION TO HIS KIN. HE SPOKE MANY
WORDS IN NAKATI'S FAVOR AND THE ENTIRE
TOWN DANCED AND CELEBRATED HIS HEROISM.


THE SUN'S PEOPLE BY THEIR CELEBRATION.
MEANT TO SHOW THEIR JOY FOR CAGN'S RETURN.
TOO, BUT THE ELDER BROTHER FELT SLIGHTED. HE
LEFT THE FEAST EARLY AND RETIRED TO THE
LARGEST HUT, WHERE HE GRUMBLED TO HIS NINE
FOLLOWERS ABOUT THE INSULTS HEAPED UPON HIM
BY EVERYONE IN THE TOWN. THE NINE RETAINERS
WHO HAD SWORN THEMSELVES TO BE AS SONS TO
CAGN SHARED THEIR FATHER'S WRATH. THEY FELT
EACH SLIGHT HE DESCRIBED AS IF THEY WERE
THORNS PRESSED INTO THEIR OWN HEELS.

THEY WERE RECITING THESE IMAGINED INJU-
RIES FOR THE THIRD TIME WHEN NAKATI BURST
INTO THE HUT. HE RUSHED TO HIS BROTHER AND
SAID, "LION HAS COME TO THE SUN'S TOWN IN
SEARCH OF YOU"

OVER THE COMMOTION NOW SOUNDING
OUTSIDE THE HUT. CAGN AND HIS RETAINERS
HEARD THE VOICE OF LION CALL OUT, "| WILL NOT
DEPART UNTIL MY HUNGER IS SATED!I BRING ME
THE MEAT THAT WAS STOLEN FROM METI

"WE WILL NOT RETURN TO THE TERRIBLE
PLACE, THE RETAINERS CRIED, AND CAGN HEARD.
THEIR WORDS. HE. TOO, FEARED THE PLACE THAT
ALL MEN KNOW. BUT FROM WHICH NONE EVER
RETURNS. FINALLY CAGN FACED HIS BROTHER AND
SAID, "WE WILL FIGHT."

NAKATI SHOOK HIS HEAD. "IF WE DEFY LION,
HE WILL VENT HIS WRATH UPON EVERYONE IN
THE TOWN. HUNGER HAS GIVEN HIM A TONGUE
OP FIRE HE HAS BECOME LIKE THE ALL-DEVOURER.
GO ALONG WITH LION NOW. AND I WILL FIND
A WAY TO RESCUE YOU AGAIN"

BUT CAGN WOULD BROOK NO ARGUMENT
AND HE REFUSED TO GO OUT OF THE HUT TO FACE
LION. WHEN NAKATI INSISTED. CAGN DREW
FORTH HIS FETISH AND STRUCK A KILLING BLOW.
NAKATI FELL DOWN DEAD, THE BROKEN FETISH IN
PIECES AROUND HIM. THEN CAGN TOOK HIS
BROTHER'S FETISH FOR HIS OWN AND ORDERED HIS
NINE FOLLOWERS TO BUNDLE UP THE BODY IN A
CLOAK. THIS THEY DID. AT LAST CAGN SHOVED
NAKATIS CORPSE OUT OF THE HUT. AS HE DID SO
HE CALLED, "HERE IS YOUR MEAT, LION, RETURNED
TO YOU AGAIN-

BLINDED BY HUNGER LION POUNCED UPON
NAKATIS CORPSE HE TOOK UP THE BODY IN HIS
JAWS AND. NOT CARING THAT NAKATI WAS
ALREADY DEAD AND NOT WORTH EATING. HE
GOBBLED HIM UP. LION SWALLOWED THE MEAT AND
THE BONES AND EVEN THE PIECES OF THE BROKEN
FETISH. AT ONCE THE MADNESS OF STARVATION
LIFTED FROM LION. AND IN THAT MOMENT HE
"REALIZED THAT HE HAD BEEN TRICKED.

"THIS IS NOT THE MAN WHO WAS STOLEN
FROM MY BELLY! LION CRIED. HE VENTED HIS FURY,
AND THE WIND FROM THAT MIGHTY ROAR BLEW
DOWN THE HUT AROUND CAGN AND THE NINE
RETAINERS WHO HAD SWORN THEMSELVES TO BE
AS SONS TO CAGN. CAGN CALLED UPON THE
FETISH HE HAD TAKEN FROM NAKATI BUT THE
CHARM LAY IN HIS BLOODY HANDS LIKE A LUMP
OF STONE. THEN CAGN AND HIS FOLLOWERS FELL
TO THEIR KNEES, COWERING FROM LION'S WRATH.

LION LAID A CURSE UPON CAGN. "A TONGUE
OF FIRE WILL FOREVER BURN IN YOUR MOUTH
AND THE HUNGER OF THE ALL-DEVOURER WILL
FOREVER GNAW AT YOUR BELLY. YOUR SONS
WILL SUFFER FOR YOUR TRICKERY, TOO, AND ANY
BEGOTTEN BY THEM. DOWN THROUGH THE AGES."

WITH ONE MIGHTY PAW. LION GESTURED TO
THE MIRROR STANDING BEHIND CAGN. OF ALL THE
MIRRORS, ONLY THIS ONE HAD SHATTERED IN THE
HUTS COLLAPSE. IT WAS THE TENTH. THE ONE
THAT SHOWED THE PLACE THAT ALL MEN KNOW.
BUT FROM WHICH NONE EVER RETURNS. "NEVER
AGAIN SHALL YOU LOOK UPON THE TERRIBLE
CITY. * SAID LION. "IF THIS SEEMS LIKE A BLESSING
TO YOU NOW. WAIT. YOU WILL FEEL THE STING
OF THIS EDICT ONLY IN TIME"

EVEN AS LION TURNED AWAY. CAGN FELT A
QUENCHLESS FIRE FLARE IN HIS MOUTH AND A
CEASELESS HUNGER ERUPT IN HIS BELLY. SO, TOO, THE
NINE RETAINERS WHO HAD SWORN THEMSELVES TO
BE AS SONS TO CAGN. AND THE TEN MEN FELL
DOWN IN THE RUINS OF THE HUT AND LAMENTED.

SEEING HER HUSBAND WEEPING LIKE A CHILD
AT THE FATE HE HAD BROUGHT UPON HIMSELF,
DASSE HID HER FACE IN SHAME AND DISAPPEARED
INTO THE WIDE WORLD. THE SUN SHOOK WITH
ANGER AND ADDED HIS CURSE TO THAT PRO-
NOUNCED BY LION. "NEVER AGAIN SHALL YOU
DWELL IN MY TOWN. SAID THE SUN. "FROM THIS
TIME FORTH, YOU ARE BANISHED FROM MY LIGHT.
ALL MEN WHO LOOK UPON MY FACE SHALL BE
YOUR SWORN ENEMIES."

SO IT WAS THAT CAGN AND THE NINE
RETAINERS WHO HAD SWORN THEMSELVES TO BE
AS SONS TO CAGN LEFT THE TOWN OF THE SUN
AND MADE THEIR WAY INTO THE WIDE WORLD.
BUT THEY COULD TRAVEL ONLY UNDER COVER OF
DARKNESS, FOR THE SUN'S ANGER BURNED LONG
AND EVEN AFTER HE ASCENDED TO THE HEAVENS
HE REMEMBERED HIS CURSE UPON THE MAN WHO
SHAMED HIS DAUGHTER

THIS, THE STORY WHICH I HAVE RECITED. IF
IT BE SWEET OR IF IT BE NOT SWEET. TAKE SOME
ELSEWHERE AND LET SOME COME BACK TO ME.


THE SECRET RE Be Kept: ANIMISM

Africa is a continent populated by several billion
people. There are at least a thousand languages that the
various nations and tribes speak and even more sub-
dialects. Countless governments and tribal laws officially
dictate the Africans' existence. Yet, within all this vast
diversity, there is something that binds most together in
a way nothing else in their lives does: animism.

Animism, simply put, is the belief of the spirit in all
things, living, inanimate and dead. The African believes
that everything in her environment draws energy from
the same source and that makes her only a part of that
oneness. This oneness with nature is not just a spiritual
awareness, but an affinity with nature that manifests
itself in the very day-to-day life of the African, not least
of all reflected in the various rituals that govern her
existence. While Christianity, Islam and other religions
have invaded the continent with all the other trappings
of colonialism and Westernization, most Africans still
practice animism, or traditional African religion, tosome
degree or another, openly or deep in the bush. They do it
because, in their souls, it is still the belief that holds sway
over them. Animism infuses the sacred into real life and,
among other things, allows the African to cope with
everyday problems and needs.

This is not lost on the Laibon, some of whom still
hold the beliefs themselves, others who simply recognize
the use and the absolute power of that belief. Within this
faith, they are able to maintain, for the most part, their
version of the Masquerade. As Western civilization creeps
in with all its influential force, however, the Laibon now
find the need to evolve as well. This adaptation varies

depending on region and geography.

ANCIENT FIRES

Deep within the watery, red mud and emerald green of
the Congo, life teems in all its myriad forms. Snakes slither
along the ground or twine themselves in the stalks of
bananas drooping in their groves. Birds with colorful mark-
ings move about in the tree canopies, and monkeys share the
roosts with them. The very air is thick and moist, and insects
hum incessantly. Staccato grunts fill the air, some made by
lions, others made by creatures even more fearsome.

The Congolese who continue to dwell in the bush
are closer to their origin than all other Africans. They
still make their way in the nomadic style of their great-
grandfathers, living in syne with their land. Individualism
does not exist — the tribesmen view themselves as a
part of the whole. Her tribe is what provides the Con-
golese Pygmy with her worldview and identity, and it
dictates her social behavior. The Congolese still ob-
serve the strict maintenance of family bloodlines, and
most tribes of the bush are comprised of family and
extended families, further enforcing the sense of tribal
unity and community.

The Pygmies are a somewhat nomadic people who
move depending on the game and the season of the year.
Partly because of that, almost no written tradition exists
amongst them. This is true of most of the various tribes
and ethnic groups that still dwell in the relative seclu-
sion of the jungles of Africa, the last bastion against
Westernization. However, traditions are vitally impor-
tant, and the oral, tribal myth is sacred among them. It
is these myths that provide the tribe with their unique-
ness and their origin and determines their social and
spiritual behavior.

The Pygmies and other tribes that live in the dense
vegetation recognize that they are part of nature. As
hunters, they understand life and death. In fact, death
is merely the transformation of life into a force greater
than they are and is one that must be obeyed absolutely.
They believe that their ancestors remain on Earth and
have ultimate power over their descendents. They un-
derstand, as hunters, that they must sometimes give
back what they take. Caring for and appeasing and
obeying their ancestors is reverence for the universal
force of life and, as such, is the highest priority for the
tribal community.

The Congolese spend their days hunting and gather-
ing, and they spend their nights safely huddled around
large fires. The fires provide security, where the tribe can
share warmth and the days' adventures. It is also within
the glow of this circle that the tribe retells its origins and
other myths and invokes its spiritual ancestors. All the
while, tribe members never venture further than the
safety of the circle.

So itis within the shrouded gloom of the forests and
jungles that the Laibon who reside here are the masters
of the night. They view themselves as those spiritual
ancestors and, therefore, deserve and gladly receive the
sacrifices that the nomadic tribes readily make to them,
whether they are animal or kine. The tribesmen believe
them to be extensions of nature. The Laibon have
almost no need to conceal themselves other than to
maintain secluded quarters. Even that is not completely
necessary, as the tribesmen also consider it their duty
and honor to protect the Laibon's sacred dwellings from
anything that would disturb them, be it animal or
antagonistic neighbor. The Laibon of the bush hold
absolute power and exude the arrogant confidence of
the inviolate. They feel a part of the kine around them
because of their shared beliefs. And, because it benefits
them so, they accept animism.

The double-edged sword of this existence, however,
is that the Laibon who hold sway in the bush have, for the
most part, become staid and complacent. They have
dwelled as unchanging figures for centuries, as have the
kine around them. They live in their huts of dung and
mud and observe each sunset as they have the one before.


Se

Crarmm ONE "THe Esony

They change the wraps and cloths that covertheirbodies Fig WES es
only when the others have rotted away. But many have B"
become stagnant and lost touch with the nature they

reside with. The Laibon have caught glimpses of change, i
as roads now meander through their domains, but they : <b
have not experienced it toany

reat degree. Neither have os , se
the kine who serve and revere them.
While their existence has been comfortable and
dependable, only time will tell which of these Laibon will
be able to survive the change that the inevitable en-
croachment of civilization will bring, as their kingdoms
slowly erode. Not all will survive.

CROSSROADS

In the growing gloom of sunset, a few of the larger
trucks, heavily laden with ancient timbers, rumble to life.
The small truck-stop village of Awae was simply a wide

spot along the only dirt road that connected the East of
Cameroon to the capital. The truckers viewed it merely

as a spot to purchase petrol and, perhaps, some temporary
female company. It was identical to any village that
happened to rest near a road, whether that road con-
nected Nairobi to Bujumbura, or Johannesburg to the
Kalahari Desert

The people who live ther:

find themselves, literally
and figuratively, ata crossroads. They view themselves as
something more than the savages who still reside in the
bush, but they don't possess the suaveness or the luxuries.
that life in a city would provide them. A lone wire carries

the expensive commodity of e
who can afford it. Normally, that is the barkeeper. People

sctricity to the very few (mes z

crowd around the bar at night, mesmerized by the glow of
light bulbs and the television. Without speaking, the
villagers stare at the box and watch strange images dance
across the screen. They see people who look like them
and could be them, in another life and their dreams.
With the advent of roads, the people of the village
can feel ripples of change wash over them. The older folk
continue with the way of life that was handed down from
father to son since time immemorial. They plow the fields
and hunt what
what different, and they avoid going deep into the bush

me they can. But even they are some-

any longer, wanting, almost against their own wills, to set

themselves apart from those who dwell in the jungles and
forests. Moreover, their children also wonder. As they see
images on the television and the rare photo magazines
that the truckers discard or trade with them for "favors,"

they daydream about life outside their mud walls.

The landscape of the village differs from that of the
bush. Mud houses give way to more formal structures that
begin to hint at some level of permanence. The walls are
still made of mud, but now there is a layer of stucco over
that. And some of the roofs now boast corrugated steel
instead of thatching. Wooden doors and shutters bar the

entrances to the edifices and posters and advertisements

—— eS sacha 0 acme —— oe


cover some of the walls. Children attend school and learn
languages their parents do not understand. And strange
religions and churches start to creep in and tempt the
villagers. Men in costumes of their god tell the villagers
to throw away their old beliefs and give their allegiance
to one power — their power.

The village is a life of transition and confusion. As
many welcome the promise of new gods and other com-
modities during the daylight, they still cling to the old
beliefs by night. But now, there is a sense of concealment
and duplicity involved. Therefore, it is within the vil-
lages that secret societies are born.

With almost a sense of shame, the villagers form
these tribal groups in the dead of night. The daylight
hours are for work, school and the worship of new idols,
while the nights are a struggle and a haven to protect the
old ways. Out of fear of losing the powers of the ancestral
spirits, the societies begin to create even more ritualized
behaviors and initiations than their jungle-dwelling breth-
ren. They feel the need to harness the spirits to maintain
the integrity and the safety of the village that they fear is
wearing away during the daylight hours of change.

Priests emerge from the societies and act as go-
betweens for the villagers and the spirits. Fetishes and,
more importantly, masks are used to draw in and harness
the power of the ancestors. The priests make appropriate
sacrifices, often in blood, to consecrate a mask and draw
in a spirit to take up residence within the mask and the
society. Foremost within the secret society, however, is
fear of discovery. That fear colors all the society's actions.

The village is perhaps the most difficult place for a
Laibon to make his home. Because it is a place of such
change and instability and duplicity, unlife is a struggle
here. No longer can the Laibon rest in relative safety
during the day. He doesn't know if the rumble he vaguely
hears is that of thunder heralding the rainy season or the
large earth-moving machines that foreigners have brought
in to plow under the trees and the brush of the jungle or
savanna. No tribesmen can warn him or protect his abode.
A safe haven is very difficult to find. Just as the village is a
crossroad for the kine, it is for the Laibon as well. He must
decide to move deeper into the brush, move into the cities
or make a place for himself within the secret societies.

If he stays within the village, the Laibon cultivates a
society to feed and protect him as best it can. He performs
minor favors for the group in exchange for what they can
offer him, or he holds them in terror of what he might do
if angered. It is an uneasy alliance at best as that fear of
discovery taints both parties. In fact, it is the first time the
Laibon really tastes fear as he feels his unlifestyle threat-
ened. When new members are initiated, and those
initiations are necessarily horrific, both the other mem-
bers and the Laibon regard the initiate with distrust for
some time to come. But the Laibon basically remains

able to move about unfettered during the nighttime
hours. He does not need to disguise his true nature
beyond, perhaps, wearing a masque. The society mem-
bers still view him as a force of nature. They accept his
demands and needs and gladly fulfill them to the best of
their abilities, and the villagers understand when he
must take more than they offer.

The interesting thing that occurs, however, is the
parting of the ways between the beliefs of the Laibon and
the villagers. While the society struggles to maintain the
integrity of its true beliefs against the cultural changes
that creep in, the Laibon at the crossroads recognizes that
he is not an invulnerable force. He recognizes the useful-
ness of animism, but he has pulled himself somewhat
away from it and no longer views himself a part of it as his
jungle brethren still do.

The roads, however, bring more than just change.
They carry strife as well. As the villagers learn more, are
tempted by more and begin to want and take more for
themselves, it becomes difficult for the Laibon to re-
ceive his due diligence as he takes a back seat to the
kine's desires. He actually has to work for some of it and
take the rest. While the strife distracts and occupies
much of the villagers' attentions at times, it brings a
bonus for the village Laibon: blood. This is blood,
though, that the Laibon feeds on as a scavenger, no
longer a god. And this indelibly changes those Laibon
on the fringe of civilization.

LIGHTS IN THE DARKNESS

Within the city limits of Harare, Zimbabwe, colo-
nialism and Westernization have firmly taken root. Along
many of the paved streets lined with flowering trees,
brightly lit shops with foreign names sell the most in-
nocuous products, ranging from movie star posters to bags
of dog food. Not the type of products a bushman or
villager might need, but one the foreign residents de-
mand and the Harare city dweller thinks she has to have.

Numerous foreign banks, with decidedly Anglophone
names, nestle in one quarter of the city, as well as
embassies for both African and European countries.
People line up hopefully in front of the stone buildings
with their reams of paperwork, envisioning a life some-
where else. Soldiers and police both patrol the city and
eye each other warily as the army is mostly made up of one
ethnic tribe, while the other popular tribe makes up the
police force. Bloodshed boils only one mocking comment
away from erupting at any given time.

Churches for the Catholic faith draw in visitors as
well as mosques for those who follow the teachings of
Islam. Every need, it seems, can be met within the limits
of the city. Yet high walls surround these buildings.
Topping the fences is a layer of broken glass embedded in
the masonry. The doors, supposedly open to any and all,
appear to be open only some of the time.


SAE SS
70 OP a

Along with the taxis and private vehicles that
rumble down the street, filling the air with dark, nox-
ious fumes, other little stores and cafés beckon to those
who walk the street. An air of affluence, bright and
shiny, pervades but always with a layer of grime just
below the surface. Beyond the fancy shops and the

homes of foreign residents, embassy personnel and such,
the streets slowly change.

The occasional slack-breasted mammy, hunched
over carrying a stack of firewood on her head as she
trudges to her hovel, is clearly a presence. In addition,
naked babies splash filthy water on themselves from the
puddles formed by the potholes in the paved roads. And,
of course, further away from the heart of the city of several
million, the paved roads give way to the familiar dirt and
mud paths.

With most of the wilderness beaten back, very few
traces of it remain within the city. Animism has few

followers left. A few secret societies thrive, but many
have disbanded for fear of angering the army. Those who
live in the city have even more reason to fear. A soldier
might come and drag one from her bed for no legitimate
claim, ora police officer might demand her weekly wages.
City dwellers walk about with their eyes lowered during
the day, looking up only occasionally when they pass the
fenced-in luxury hotels that they will never be able to
afford in their own lifetimes. Nights are only somewhat
better, when the kine frequent the garishly lit bars and
discothéques. Loud, tinny music blares from the open-air

bars as urban people drink their wages away. Death is
never far, and these same folk run quickly back to their
homes, mindful of the sounds that escape the police
stations they pass, where the lights and the screams go on
all night.

Within the boundaries of Harare, the Laibon have
had to adapt the most drastically, as they have in every
city. While their country cousins are still able to dwell
beside, yet separate from, the kine in rural areas with
little modification, the Laibon in the Westernized cities
have had to merge more fully with the kine and take a
more active role in the politics and economy of the
country they reside in. For the Laibon who have chosen
to make their havens here, unlife is the trickiest and
requires great deceptions.

Laibon in the city tend to stay in larger groups,
mostly for their own protection. As fewer secret societies
run rampant, the Laibon either band together or culti-
vate cells of mortals to guard their sanctuaries. With the
availability of electricity, Laibon can conduct most of

their business dealings in the evening hours with little
difficulties and need not disturb their daytime rest. The
presence of the military also works in their favor. The
kine of the city ask few, if any, questions when a member
of their family or a neighbor goes missing, as fear keeps

mmm ||

errie is a traditional walking stick used in
Smetimes called _a_knobl

ance varies widely — in some places it is like a staff;

while in others itis more ofa Cudgel, yet instill others
it is smaller yet and designed to be thrown:

Damage: Strength +2 (bashing)

Conceal: J to N: (from a jacket to‘ not. at all;
depending upon size)
> Minimum Strength: 1
! A-thrown kerrie inflicts the thrower's Str

amage With a range of Strength x-2

them in check. Poor records are kept. And in the midst
of the struggling modernization, a unique situation evolves.

Inherent in all Africans, to one degree or another, is
the belief in life forces and energy. While a body might
die, the soul (kain Egypt, krain Eshanti, nyamain Dogon)
continues. In recent history, stone buildings have re-
placed much of the jungles, but the kine still display a
ferociousness to rival the animals. In the various cities
across the continent, horrific deeds and foul murders
occur in many of these buildings, and the massacres
continue. Moreover, not just a few, but thousands have
died within the walls of police stations and other munici-
pal edifices. This energy lingers on and imprints itself in
the cities, and the power left behind is not lost on the
Laibon who reside there.

Out of all of their kind, the Laibon who have ac-
cepted unlife in the cities are the most in tune with the
power of animism. As they insinuate and corrupt the
direction of the finances and political bent of the coun-
tries they inhabit, they also recognize the negative forces
that reside within the city limits. They see themselves as
agents, manipulators and heirs to that power. And they
see their place in the natural order.

THE LOOMING THREAT

At first, Africa seems to be a chaotic mishmash of
independent domains, rogue states heady with their
own independence and would-be tyrants bathed in
blood. Those who look beyond this fagade, however,
occasionally catch a glimpse of the forces at work
behind the scenes. If the Ebony Kingdom was nothing
but a patchwork of coup and rebellion, what order could
it?

The Westerners have a notion they refer to as the
Jyhad — the great game that elders play in order to stave
off the weight of centuries. This remains true in the
Ebony Kingdom, and particularly so with regard to the
Guruhi who claim to be its kings. Each failed magaji,

be said to ex


every troubled domain, these are all the work of the kings'
plotting against each other and their attempts to outma-
neuver one another in hopes of achieving whatever
inscrutable end the kings hold dear to their unbeating
hearts. It is an ancient game of move and counter-move,
with living mortals and lesser Laibon serving as the pieces
on the board.

A new threat has risen to challenge the millennia of
Guruhi dominance in the Ebony Kingdom, however, and
it would seem that the deathless kings have proven a bit
slow to react to it. For centuries, the Xi Dundu have

schemed to claim power where they may, and they
treated what little power they have managed to amass as

the greatest of all treasure. By and large, however, the
Guruhi kings ignored them. One domain lost or one
rogue left unpunished was a small price to pay in their
great game. As they turned a blind eye to the ambition of
the Xi Dundu, though, that neglect allowed the Xi
Dundu to breed that ambition and nurse it into a potent
force. The Xi Dundu are younger than the Guruhi, more
motivated and more easily able to adapt to change.
Indeed, where the Guruhi find order in the chaos of the
Ebony Kingdom, the Xi Dundu would eliminate that
chaos with their own claims to power, thus taking away
the pieces of the Guruhi's game and leaving them woe-
fully unprepared to deal with the new foe facing them
from the opposite side of the table.

Without a doubt, the Xi Dundu are schemers them-
selves, and they seem to be playing a different game than
the Guruhi. They break the rules the Ebony Kingdom's
ancient masters have placed on the game, and the chal-
lenges such "cheating" presents to the Guruhi may have
already caused them to lose.

The Xi Dundu understand the idea of small victories,
which is key to their bid for power. Obviously, they don't
have the numbers to rise up and seize the Kingdom — the
Guruhi's supporters outnumber them and even those
who don't favor the Guruhi don't necessarily want the Xi
Dundu in their place.

While none can say with certainty who will win this
ultimate match of wits, they can certainly consider the
assets each side brings to the table

TEARING DOWN THE WALLS

While the installation of "unapproved" magaji may
not serve the Xi Dundu's end immediately, it does desta-
bilize the power that the Guruhi domain is based upon.
After all, if the Guruhi cannot keep his own domain in
order, he will be all the more distracted when his plans
move beyond its borders.

This fracture of power has had two effects on the
Guruhi kings. Some become more desperate the more
their own domains collapse, and they try to offset their
failures with the acquisition of other kings' domains. This


way, they reason, they can make up for their losses by
taking what already exists in a stable condition. Second,
some Guruhi kings become very conservative, turning
their attentions inward and not looking elsewhere for
gains the Xi Dundu or their rival kings might make. The
tighter they clutch their holdings, though, the more slip
through their talons.

Ever opportunistic, the Xi Dundu are the ones to
benefit most greatly here. As one Guruhi turns his
attentions toward another's domains, he leaves his own
undefended, and even if the Xi Dundu cannot take them
outright and another independent magaji does, that at
least takes them away from the Guruhi. As another
Guruhi closes her borders, her attentions alienate the
Laibon in her domain. Those Laibon then become agi-
tated and resentful of the ever-more-severe authorities
she puts in place, making the domains prime regions for
dissent and open revolution against the secret masters.
Again, even if the Xi Dundu cannot hold these domains
right now, at least they ensure that they elude the Guruhi
as well.

ONE-SIDED STALEMATE

The greatest irony of all, of course, is that, as masters of
the Ebony Kingdom, the Guruhi should be masters of these
sorts of political maneuverings as well. By all rights, the Xi
Dundu should not be a threat — the Guruhi should be so
skilled at these secret games that they would have defeated
the Xi Dundu before they even stepped to the table.

Se

What went wrong, however, was that the Xi Dundu
put aside their internal rivalries to focus on the larger
. As the Guruhi grow ever more jealous and suspi-
cious of each other, they must rely only on themselves
individually, which allows the Xi Dundu to take on
single kings at a time, rather than face their combined
might. Even if the Guruhi were to suddenly see the Xi
Dundu's tactic for what it is, they would likely be unable
to defeat the foe as easily as they should have to begin
with. Their game has grown specialized and incestuous
— they know to the most infinitely minute detail how
one of their rival kings would react to a move on the
kingdom's surface, but they don't know their new oppo-
nents half that well.

Further, the Guruhi's refusal to allow anyone to
come to their table prevents them from gaining addi-
tional allies. "Allow" is the key word, here — the Xi
Dundu simply showed up at the game. The Guruhi are
loath to share their kingdoms with others of their own
kind, let alone members of the other legacies, and the
sheer audacity of the Xi Dundu to move against them has
caught them completely off guard.

Has twilight fallen upon the Ebony Kingdom? Has
the era of the Guruhi kings come to en end? If it has, will
the Xi Dundu take their place immediately, or will the
other legacies stand up for their rights to make their own
destinies? It is not a question that can be answered in
simple words here. It is the subject of stories and legends
all its own.



CHAPTER Two:

EeGAVCLES

What is good among one people, is an abomina-
tion with others.
—Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart

The legacies of the Ebony Kingdom are like the clans
of the Western world, but they have a bit more gravity for
their own sake. Indeed, the legacy has a much more
familial connotation than a clan, Whereas it's not un-
common to find a Brujah feuding with a fellow Brujah or

a Toreador spreading vile gossip about another of the
egenerates, such activity is considered unbecoming
among the Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom.

Of course, that's not to say that rivalries don't hap-
pen. It's just that it's poor form to place one's familial
difficulties in the open for the rest of the world to see. Me
against my brother; my brother and I against the stranger,
after all.


——- AKUNANSE=

The Akunanse are the wanders and the storytellers
of the Ebony Kingdom and the closest to understanding
nature. They are, perhaps out of all the Laibon, the least
concerned with the Jyhad, and while other vampires
write them off as distracted fools, a small number of
Laibon are curious why the Weavers aren't more troubled
by it.

In parts of West Africa, the Ashanti believe in a
legend that they refer to as "the wise spider." This spider
traveled the world over on his strings and webs. In the
beginning, there were no stories on earth, but many
creatures knew they existed in the realm of the gods and
they wanted to know them, as did the spider. He felt that
by having all the stories, he would know the beginnings
and endings of all things. So this spider went to the sky
god and asked him for these stories. The sky god gave the
spider four seemingly impossible tasks to complete in
exchange for them. Through cunning and clever trick-
ery, the spider did the impossible, so the sky god gave him
a wooden box with all the tales. And the spider shared
them with the rest of the world, by spinning their webs for
all to see.

The Akunanse are the embodiment of that Ashanti
legend. Presumably having their roots in Ghana, the
Akunanse no longer call any region home, but they look
at different countries as merely pieces of a whole tapestry.
They occasionally travel with other Weavers out of
convenience and experiences they have in common, not
because of desire or necessity. Traveling has made many
Akunanse wise beyond their undead years as they seek
out the origins of man and his sorcery, though not all are
quick studies, and some take longer in their progress to
understanding. The more in tune they become with
nature and to the origin of humankind, however, the
more they change.

Because of that wisdom and knowledge, the Akunanse
lose more and more of their human features and resemble
the animals of the Ebony Kingdom. While the majority
of the Weavers maintain their control, a few beasts have
been overwhelmed with knowledge and lost themselves
to the Beast. Most Laibon think the Weavers waste their
time in tracing fairy tales and mock their bestial appear-
ance, but a few wonder long into the night that if, as the
Akunanse believe, understanding the origin points the

way to the future, then why does that knowledge strip
away their humanity? And they brood over, as some do,
just what the future holds in store for them.

Nickname: Weavers

Appearance: Young Akunanse most resemble West
Africans with unremarkable features. They adopt trends
at a much slower rate than mortals do, however, and
many of the Akunanse favor traditional garb over the
more disposable fashions of the modern world. The more
learned elders, however, are another matter. Over the
centuries, they have acquired animal features. Some
have come to share features with the deadly snakes, while
others resemble the great cats (lions, leopards and chee-
tahs), and others still carry the markings of the dogs of the
savanna plains (jackals, hyenas and foxes). A small group
has even taken on the aspects of the gorillas. Those who
do not hail from that region of the Ebony Kingdom
occasionally acquire the features of the animals that are
indigenous to their region.

Haven: While the young and/ or inexperienced
Akunanse maintain single dwellings among the kine, an
elder Weaver often makes do with any suitable den he
finds along his travels. Elders who share animalistic traits
with similar Weavers (or even other Laibon) might share
their dens if appropriate, while others guard their solitary
lairs with ferocious intensity.

STEREOTYPES

Followers of -Set:.Although they, have aligned
thentiselves with a force of nature, they have become.
too narrow-minded oyer.time; We would share what
we have learned over the ‘ages with them, but the
Vipers do hot haVe ears to understand@ur wordsel pity
them, lost in'the trappings of thepast artd.a dead god:

Guruli: JKey cannot remain. in power lng with-
out umderStanding what it is.they claim.

Ishtarri*A,sad refléctiomofus, they. giv€ in totheir
wants Withour-truly recognizing-whaetheir needs
are.

Kinyonyi# Wanderers Jiké tus, but Withour pur-
pose, ofily»self-interest. They operate under the
illusiomof freedom andso afé trapped iststead.

Naglopers: These Laibon are a.mtystery to me. I
don't know What eléméentabpower thevhave tapped
into, but L-fear them.

Osebo: How clo8e tousthey ate! Now if only they
could learn control. .:

Shango: Like the' Vipets, they see themselves;as
divine and therefore are blindedto what they truly are:

Xi Dundu; We've seenthose hungry forpewer rise
up over the centuries, and we'll see them fall again,


SAI NSS

ity
Background: Although it started out as ~« \ ern perience over the course of
a legacy of mostly West Africans, its mem- P\5
bers' very nature has changed the makeup
up the Akunanse. Driven by the need
to travel, the Akunanse have Em-
braced the peoples of the regions

o their unlives become closer
‘4 m7) tothe Beast Within. The more
they learn of the truths of na-

ture, the more they come to

resemble it. They take on the
features of the dominant ani-

they have traveled throughas well

mals of the region where they
aeside the longest. For every 20
experience points an Akunanse
acquiresphe also gains one animal
characteristi@, This characteristic can
be aniyof a myriad of animal features
— the ape's elomgated arms, the
crocodile's protracted Snout, a prehen-
sile tail, et cetera. Every fiye features he
adopts permanently redueés one Social
Attributesby one, to be agreed upon
byithe player and Storyteller.
Organization: Weavers are
the most disordered of the
kkaibone-Dhe only type of legacy
affiliation theymaintain is the
occasional exehang@of infor-
Miation if they eross another
Weaver's path, which they
usually give freely. Ulti-
matély, they want to share
their stories with any who
Will listen. Beyond that,
however, they are too
wrapped up in their eternal
seargh to care about any kind of
formal ordeéf that is not natural.

as foreign visitors, archeologists

and researchers who have come
to Africa to understand the

"cradle of humanity."

Character Creation:
Weavers typically fayor the
more conservative Naturesy
but their Demeanor often
varies by the¢animalistic
traits that theydevélopysug-
gesting that somé
psychologYisalso inherited
along with physical aspects:
Physical and Mental At
tributes are very commeny
as well as Knowlédges, Tal-
ents (Empathy) and Skills
(specifically Animal Ken)é
The Mentor Background is
not unusual, eithere

Legacy Disciplines:
Abombwe, Animalism,
Fortitude

Weaknesses: Akunanse
who acquire knowledge and ex-

Quote: Don't be afraid when you
see my face, for it is your face, too


aa liparr eer eno

ae : >. 4
: SSNS =

—---=FOLLOWERS OF

The African Followers of Set are the lore-keepers and
the guardians of many ancient secrets. They abide in the
darkest recesses of the Ebony Kingdom and remaina mystery
tothe other Laibon who tend to fear and avoid them. When
a nest of Setites entrenches itself in a city, troubles and
disorder usually follow. Things fall apart as they learn the
fears and weakness of those around them, and the Followers
of Set use that knowledge to turn both kine and Laibon
against each other. From the resulting chaos, Setites hope to
rebuild the Ebony Kingdom in the image of their god.

The Setites are not bothered by some of the differ-
ences between themselves and the Setites further to the
north. They are quite comfortable not bearing any resem-
blance to their Egyptian brethren, recognizing that a
snake must shed its old skin for new many times over in
its existence. They know that they are as much the
childer of the serpent god as any of the others, and they
work to prepare the way for the return of Set like any
other Follower. But these Setites believe that only one
thing will ultimately bring about their god's return and
that is the prize they work toward. While some of the
other Followers only whisper of a Grand Temple, the
Setites know it to be true. Their mission is to discover
where on the Dark Continent this temple is, because
within it dwells the first childe of Set. And the Setites are
certain that this Methuselah will be able to direct them
in the final preparations for the Serpent's return.

And so, many Setites are united in a single, dark
purpose. Working toward this goal, they gather as much
information as they can from indigenous mortals as well
as Western explorers toward the location of the Grand

Temple. And if they can sow the seeds of discord along
that path, so much the better, as they are certain that
other Laibon will then view them as a source of stability
and look to them for guidance.

Some of the younger Setites, however, do not believe
in the quest with the single-mindedness their elders
have. As influences from the Western world have left
their marks upon the Ebony Kingdom, the desires of the
young Followers of Set have started to stray from the
search for the first childe, and they are beginning to
question both their elders' purpose and theirs within the
Ebony Kingdom. They do it quietly, but a maelstrom
often announces itself with the merest whisper.

Nickname: Vipers

Appearance: The sub-Saharan Setites, for the most
part, have features typical for the area they inhabit,
though they tend to be more sinewy than most. Red hair
is not as prized here as in other nests because henna is all

too common a cosmetic. Albinos are highly regarded,
however, as their nearly translucent, white skin signifies
a creature of the ultimate darkness and therefore, closer
to Set. Both male and female Setites also sport decorative
scarring on their faces and scalps.

Haven: Unlike many of their Egyptian and Middle
Eastern counterparts, the Setites dwelling in the brush
and jungles rarely nest in temples. The geography does
not lend itself very well to any sort of ornate building that
could show the proper respect to Set and survive the
extremes of the wet and dry seasons. They maintain
separate havens, suitable but slightly better than those of
the mortals who live nearby.

Background: Many Setites who are Embraced in the
modern nights were loyal servants before becoming
Laibon, with years of dedication under their belts. Setites

EREOTYPES
Foolish ones. who-have-be
wrapped up in discovering the origins-of human-
kind, they. ve lost themselves to the Beast"A
waste of

ome-.so

nowledge

Gurthis They useltheir fists to pound others into
submission and thén bully to maintain order. What
they donot realize is that those trodden down are ripe
for asy hetic, whispered promise of change.

Ishtarri: "A»pretty and sensual lot. It is an easy
enough thing to chatn them te our will.and drain
them. dry when we aredone.

meena dak oak Lame al a

KinyonyixQutsiders who domot realize just what
they have/become ‘mited in. Useful forymore. -.
diStasteful tasks if the pay is high enough.

Naglopers: It is amusing to whisper in their ear and
then watch as they terrify all other Laibon with their
moonlitantics. They are completely enthralled by our
knowledge and would do anything to have more.

Osebo: A force wasted through lack of discipline,

uv properly collared, they eGuld be of some us‘

Shango: We should be allies, linked by a unique
relationship to divinity, but we're not.
follow a god, they do as well. How:

} themselves as'some sort of seat of holy judgment and
make no effort to come closer to the oné they worship:
A mistake that borders on Blasphemy, for certain.

Just as we

4
4
r
i
A,
‘f
4
4

Xi Dundu: They rec6gnize the value of lore and use
it to their advaritage, though I am loath to admit it.
is That and their tactical minds make them a potential
force to reckon with. They will bear-watching.

ge

ay

wai eet ew

be


magnesium torches, etc.). Many Setitesmake

their havens deep in the brush of the various

regions and are fortunate that artificially
bright light sources are virtually nonexist-
ent.

are drawn to potential childer who display
devotion and diligent purpose, as well as charm
and physical strengths and capabilities.
Such charm is often needed to gather
information, and the physical prowess

is necessary because of the grueling
nature of the bush. The search for the
temple is often led by a Setite, not just
amortal retainer, and it is no easy task.

Character Creation: Setites of a
given region often have similar Na-
tures to each other because of their
religious strength and purpose.
Their Demeanor changes to fit
the situation of the moment.
Mental and Social Attributes
are high on the list. Knowl-
edge Abilities, specifically
Occult and Politics, are key,
and Backgrounds such as
Herd and Influence are highly
regarded. Above all, the Setite
must be resilient and dedieated,
often yielding a high Willpower.

Legacy Disciplines: Presence, Obfus-
cate, Serpentis

Weaknesses: As creatures of thedeep-
est darkness, Setites/eannot stand any
bright light, sunlighuimost ofall. Add two
health levels to any damage inflicted by
exposure to the sun. Followers of Setalso
subtract one fromall dice pools while
in extremely bright light (flares,

Organization: Quite a bit of the
Setite's time is spent on her own or with a
coterieimwhich she has a suitable cover (or
hef fellows don't mind what she is), so that
she can gather as much information as
possible. Even though there aren't
many temples to gather in, however,
many Setites still meet to exchange
information and compare notes. They
use remote, wild locations that they
have consecrated through various rites
and unholy rituals at prearranged times.
Some mortals have heard rumors of these
"secret societies" and even tried to spy on
them, though noone who has stumbled
uponiaSetite's nest has ever returned
to tell any tales.

Quote: In the end, we shall
circle the earth for our coils are
infinitéandnothingwillslip through.
Sit with me, dnd Twill gladly ex-

plain it to you.

When the Laibon first found the lands that would
become the Ebony Kingdom, the Guruhi walked first
among them. Indeed, many Guruhi believe that the
Gambian god from whom they take their name be-
queathed all of the lands below the Sahara to their
s of the Ebony Kingdom,
then, the Guruhi take their roles very seriously, and have
laid claim to the land almost unilaterally as their domain.

ancestors. As the rightful owne

They consider themselves heirs to its thrones, masters of
its beasts and lords of its men.

Reluctantly, the Guruhi share their domains with
other Laibon, but they rarely make for loving chieftains.
The Kings brook little dissent, turning loyal Laibon against
would-be insurrectionists when they can and resorting to
their effective Disciplines when subtlety fails. Without a
doubt, the Guruhi are the dominant legacy in the Ebony

Kingdom, and this makes them very conservative, for they
have no great desire to see that change.

For the most part, the Guruhi maintain their posi-
tions through a combination of one-sided alliances and
savvy. Few legacies care to cross them, as they can call
upon untold numbers of favors and retainers to have their
will made manifest. In fact, the only real challenge to a
Guruhi's power is an overwhelming dissatisfaction with

the way they handle affairs in their domains. Since the
Guruhi aim to please the Osebo and Shango as well as
themselves, such overwhelming resistance is rare. Still, it
does happen, and proud Guruhi magaji have been brought
lower and evensentto their Final Deaths when arrogance
festered within them to replace their sense of duty.
Tonight, the Guruhi bear heavy weights upon their
shoulders, however. The world changes at a frightening

pace, and threats line up with ever-increasing ferocity
and frequency. The Guruhi have more to worry about

than just jealous Laibon in the modern nights — the old
ways crumble, the Ebony Kingdom becomes more and
more influenced by the rest of the world, and the rift
between elders and younger Laibon of the lepacy grows
with each passing night.

Nickname: Kings

Appearance: By turns hideous and angelic, the Guruhi
change appearance as their disposition alters. Some Kings
appear as terrible demon-lords, while other seem to have
descended from heaven itself. They often adopt clothing
that speaks to their station, with Guruhi magaji wearing
ostentatious finery and even the claimants to small do-
mains choosing garments that make them stand out. They
come from any and all of the African cultures, as they were
there first and historically had the ability to select progeny
before they allowed anyone else to.

Haven: Many Guruhi play a dangerous game when
it comes to the matter of havens. They, of course, under-
stand the need to hide themselves to some degree from
mortals, and they follow the Tenets faithfully. Guruhi
often bear great pride, however, and they choose showy
homes and havens that let visitors know just how impor-
tant the master of the haven is. From literal palaces down
to well-appointed hovels, the Guruhi favor "dressing up"
wherever it is they choose to make their private homes.

Background: When Guruhi choose to Embrace, they
usually have the pick of the litter, as it were, unless their
immediate superiors have something to say to the contrary.
As such, Guruhi come from any cultural stock and even
any social level that the Laibon are likely to encounter in
Africa. Most hail from positions of authority, however, and
many like to t
through the ages, hoping to link them to some dynasty
somewhere in the Ebony Kingdom's history.

Character Creation: The Kings most often have
forthright Natures, which they occasionally allow to
shine through in similar Demeanors. Otherwise, they
hide them with disparate Demeanors so as not to allow
anyone insight to their true motives. Physical Attributes
are usually primary, though many favor Social Attributes.
Knowledges prove one's wisdom to other Guruhi and
Laibon, while Talents demonstrate one's mettle outside
the halls of power.

ice the blood of their prospective get bac

ee
STEREOTYPES

unanse: | do‘notquestion.the time'they spend

questiOn the subjéet matt

Followers. of Set: A snake ce:
only When its head: has been-stricken from its body.

‘ learning in hopes of understanding themselves, 1
sito. be a threat

Ishtarriz,Useful and easily controlled one need
only lookat them. to discern' which rewards earn the
giver the greatestreturn:

Kinyonfi: .Birds, yés;-the_ ones thar@feéd) upon
detritus'from the teeth. of the erocodile.

Naglépers! Tite mongrels serve admirably to dig
ditches or decorate the ends of one's spears:

OsebOsStrong ehough to carty our words, smart
enough to know\that's what stticsithem/best.

Shango: Itis.a shamé that we already honor a god
for theirs is adtitable as well

Xi Dundu: Diars, usutpers and thieves, not to' be

1) suffered and useful only, if directed toward plaguing
i -orie'serieifiies. Still Nusing them ds ablade means the
wielder must be wary of both edges!


Legacy Disciplines: Animalism, Po-
tence, Presence

Weaknesses: With the Guruhi, appear-
ance changes to reflect their moods, or
sometimes to reflect thé opposite. Many
of the Kings believe that the progeni-
tor of their line was hideous to
behold, much like the god who
granted them the Ebony King-
dom, and that he sought to make
himself appear as an ennobled
chief rather than a hideous
monster. The god then cursed
him for his vanity, mockingly
mandating that he would be
only so beautiful as his soul.
As a result, the Guruhi's
appearance varies much
more so than her Orun and
Aye score would sormally
stipulate (see Chapter Three).
Any time theigharactef's Orunt
or Aye changes, ‘the playermust
roll Appearance + Subterftige
against a difficulty of 8. Iftshe
achieves any successes, the char-
acter appears as normal for that
particular rating of Oftmand Aye.
Ifshe fails, the characterappears as
if whichever score had justehanged
(necessitating the roll) was actually
(10 minus her Orun or Aye score).
It's not an exact opposite of the re-
flection of her soul, but a capricious,
change that could help or hinder her:

in any number of ways.

Organization: Guruhi seem to
divide themselves along two lines or
lineages. The first line purports to
hail from the original Guruhi who
led his fellows into the Ebony King-
dom under the god's direction. The
second is somewhat of a "kinslayer"

Kf;

——wVTwwwwy we

CME

KLEE

aa
~

<<

line, judging members of the other line and
sometimes sending them to Final Death. Ac-
cording to legend, this second line was supposed
to inherit the EbonyKingdom from the first, as
the god had been displeased with how the
first had treated their new domain. Over
time, the lines have grown indistinct,
though elders and the occasional
fledgling make much of belonging
to this branch or that.

For the most part, Guruhi
treat ea¢h other with dignity,
wanting to maintain an air of
solidarity that discourages oth-
ers from challenging their
superiority. Behind closed
doors, however, orin the cases
Of the direst rivalries, such
pretenses vanish, leavingonly
fwo Vindictive Laibon howl-

ing for each other's blood.

Quote: You exist only because

I am courteous, and if you are

wise, you will give me no reason
to reconsider my generosity.


deg ee TEs

he
IIS

SAN ae
= Wasnt

Whether or not these Laibon descended from the
Babylonian goddess Ishtar is nearly impossible to prove,
though they claim her name. Like her, they have cheated
the land of death and escaped its clutches more than
once, and they offer up others to take their place.

The Ishtarri are not truly natives of Africa, and they
have never hidden that fact. Nevertheless, they strive to
blend in and become an intricate part of the tapestry that
is the Ebony Kingdom. They don't desire to usurp the
Guruhi's influence, but they make themselves such an
integral piece that Laibon society would fracture without
them. Overall, they have done an excellent job at ingra-
tiating their way in with equal parts diplomacy and
espionage. Their network of spies and contacts covers
most of the Kingdom and ranges from fellow Laibon to
mortals. The Ishtarri have also established themselves as
the merchants and procurers of the area. If you need
something, you go to them because you know they can get
it for you, no matter what it is you seek. When the Ishtarri

turn on the charm, very few can refuse them.

Perhaps second to that need to belong is the Ishtarri's
need to continue to be as much a part of the mortal world
as their unnatural lives will permit them. They are com-
pelled to seek out gratification and constantly gorge
themselves on it. Moreover, they do so not because they
are desperate to awaken their own, dormant passions, but
simply to drown themselves in the experience of pleasure.

The Ishtarri barely keep their head above water
because they become so distracted by their wants, but the
Gluttons who can remain focused are powerful warlords,
tribal leaders and politicians in their own right. As the
young generations try more and more to accept and
understand modernization and become a part of it, the
Ishtarri just might be the Laibon who survive the Jyhad.

That is, if those modern wonders and the temptations
that accompany them do not destroy the Ishtarri first.

Nickname: Gluttons

Appearance: The Ishtarri have their origin in the
ancient Middle East and many still carry that coloring,
with glossy, jet-black hair and golden skin. They often
Embrace beautiful kine, finding them irresistible. As
such, many Ishtarri are striking individuals of diverse
ethnicities. The Ishtarri are often victims of their desires
as well, however, and their bodies can reflect those
addictions, leaving some grotesquely overweight and
others wasted thin from drugs and disease, for example.
Since their skin occasionally sets them apart from the
indigenous folk where they dwell, Ishtarri try to adopt the
clothing and lifestyle of the regions where they abide, for
acceptance of Laibon and kine alike.

Haven: The Gluttons have a presence in practically
every major city. They tend to live in harem-style quar-
ters, with only one Ishtarri to a haven, though many
broods also maintain a common house for the exchange
of information. These dwellings are typically decadent,
lavish houses by local standards and filled to overflowing
with that which they ache for the most. Some surround
themselves with physical beauty, while others seek out
stimulation that is more cerebral or chemical in nature.

Background: The Ishtarri are drawn to what catches
their eye; what was their vice while they lived. Physical
beauty is high on their list, and the Ishtarri are a sensual-
looking legacy, for the most part. However, since they are
drawn to what they want and do not hesitate to claim that
repeatedly, not all the Gluttons are pl
They Embrace the drug-addicted, as well as thos
by the wiles of Venus, and even those who wield political
power if it is power they ache for. They also realize the
value of spies and will just as readily Embrace visitors to
the continent if only to maintain ties to the Western and
stern worlds beyond.

asing to behold.

> affected

ee ee ee ee ee
w -
STEREOTYPES

Akunanse:] wonder how closely we might be
related, since they obyiously give in ‘to their féral
natufe as we do, though it changés them much moré
uniquely than it changes us. What do they féelthat
We don't?

Followers of Set: Likeus,theirlook sets them apart:
However, unlike us,they‘make no attempt to fit in.
They slither where;theypawill} and all else be'damned.

Guruhi: Since théyafe the powers that be in most
regions, we support'therthas best we cans

Kinyonyiz\Outsidets whovevel in their foreign-
ness, Mheyshave the neryvesr6 callus tourists when
they-are simply Meréenartes for hire!

Nagloperss Pcdn'rseé anything bubhotror when I
look on.these Monstérsal Teave-them beto play with
their gris-Stis'and/bonesand graveyard dirt.

Osebo: A distorted reflection of us if we were to

lse_ total controk, As lon®.as they are under the
dominanrthumb, thoughssthey have their uses.

Shango: They carry Out thany. of the Guruhi's
wishes coldly and efficiently. So longas the Guruhi
remain dominant in the Ebony Kingdom, we ‘will
acquiesce to their lackeys' wishes. But when the
Guruhi fall, I think they will be close behind.

Xi-Dunda: | follow their movement: y
With their ruthless organization, they might be the
next power, if they survive the Kingdom:

élosely.

ee

52


x VP ye ee 9 a.

"si

~< ¢ ‘ - ty
< > a
Se ; Sea en

and their downfall. Some of the elders
have grown physically fat and mentally

Character Creation: Gluttons are at-
tracted to Appearance as well as other
Social Attributes. They also recognize
the value of those who have Back-
grounds such as_ Allies,
Membership and Resources.
Ishtarri also cultivate mortal al-
lies in key positions of power.
Often, though, they will simply
Embrace a mortal in the "heat of
passion" and those with high Will-
power traits often fascinate them
the most. It is this penchant that
potentially could bring about their
doom as the other Laibon fear that
their thoughtless Embraces jeop?
ardize the secrecy with which

complacent, unwilling to change with

the times, while many of the younger

vampires waste away from too much of

what the new and old world has to

offer. All these addictions manifest
themselves physically, and more of-
ten than not, the body of the
Ishtarri betrays his vice.

Organization: Although the
Ishtarri aren't the most unified of

the Laibon, they do maintain a
strong connection with each other.

They readily share information from
their informants and are perhaps
the most well-versed of all Laibon
onthe state of the nations. They
typicallyse that knowledge for
selPpreservation, however, as
theycan't tearthémselves away
ffom their vices lonig.enough
todo morethan that)

they surround themselves.

Legacy Disciplinés: Ce-
lerity, FortitudegPresence.
WeaknesseszJshtatti are
easily addicted to @Xcess
as their all-eonsyin-
in@ needs Ative
them ro ful fill yo)

those desizes at the
cost of everything
else. It is their clfse y Tt

‘ XY

.)

Quote: I find all aspects of the mortal
world to be alluring, and I crave to taste
everything again and again and again.


Purrrern

-———KINYONYP

Originally outsiders, but now with their particular
niche within the Ebony Kingdom, the Kinyonyi take their
name from the Luganda word for "bird." Rightfully so,
since as a legacy they travel more than any other. But for
many Laibon, the Kinyonyi are more than simple travelers
—they're Laibon of the legacy that most often can obtain
items or carry out tasks for other Laibon. Although they
still maintain their own peculiar organization apart from
mainstream Ebony Kingdom society, the Kinyonyi are
always willing to use their many talents to benefit others,
so long as the price is right.

Those of the legacy who are old enough (or whose
sires or grandsires were willing to talk about it) claim that
the legacy migrated to the Ebony Kingdom from the East,
though exactly where is a matter for speculation. Al-
though a few Kinyonyi claim mortal descent from the
"Gypsies," the legacy y present in Africa long
before that culture arrived there. Some lines trace their
foundations all the way back to well-known trickster
figures like Anansi or Eshu, but there's obviously no way
to confirm these claims. The vast majority of Kinyonyi
have much more important things to worry about anyway.

Although the Kinyonyi have a wide range of abilities
represented in their ranks — in fact, it might be said that
there's some Kinyonyi somewhere with a talent for nearly
anything you can imagine — many seem to have an
uncanny ability for stealth and subterfuge. Kinyonyi seem
almost effortlessly able to circumvent cameras and security
systems that leave even the Shango or visiting Malkavians
exposed on film. Some Laibon whisper that the Kinyonyi
are heirs to a magical tradition even older and more
powerful than that of the Shango — that Kinyonyi can
conjure objects from thin air, survive seemingly impos-
sible amounts of damage, even summon the very ancestors
or gods themselves to their aid. When confronted with
such rumors, a Kinyonyi usually smiles and suggests that
simpl

the legac has uncommonly good luck.

Nickname: Nomads

Appearance: Because they travel often, most Kinyonyi
preferutilitarian clothingsuch as jeans, cargo pants or heavy
fabrics. Modern waterproof clothing or breathable fabrics
are also common. Those Kinyonyi who wear shoes usually
tend toward hiking boots or well-constructed sneakers.

Haven: The Kinyonyi honor few standards for ha-
vens. Most who have a set place to stay choose one that
appeals to them based on their mortal tastes, but mobile
havens are also common among those who travel. They
include vans, buses, RVs or even the more traditional tents
or shanty houses carried by car or carriage. The main
commonality between most Kinyonyi havens, even sta-
tionary ones, is that they're usually set up to be moved
quickly if the need arises.

Background: The Kinyonyi usually look for self-
sufficient people to Embrace, as an unlife of frequent
moves demands it. Even more important are useful skills.
Just what constitutes a "useful skill," though, varies
widely among Kinyonyi, which is why the legacy is such
an eclectic mix. Although the Kinyonyi certainly have
their share of hunters, hired guns, freelance workers and
the like, they also count among their number shamans,
businessmen, archaeologists, scientists, psychologists and
Laibon of nearly any profession or talent. For a legacy
that often finds itself in the role of hired help, finding
someone with a new talent or ability is far more impor-
tant than whether they'll "fit in," as survival skills can
always be taught.

Akunanse: Y'know, much asl hate toadmitit;some of
these guysare really worth talking to: Ugly, though:

Followers of Set:.Our main competition, if thereis
such'a thing: W:

Guruhi: Hideous:monstets who likéto think they're
in charge. Try to pretéhd you care when you'ré talking
to them, mostly ‘cause-if you piss them/off; they:can
crush your skull with one hand: Whethefyou likethem.
or not, théy're Where we get a lot of duit business.

eem if they'try to'sell-you anything.

Ishtatriz Hell, yeahThe thing T love about the
Iskitarti is that they almost always want something.
The only problem is thar halfiof theni Will\cry at first
to offer you their bloed as payment.

Naglopets: What thefuckis wrong withithese guys?
Most of them séem to think that being vampires is an.
excuse for furning'into-complete degenerates! Take
their money if they offér to-pay youl, but éven then
don't let them stand too close.

Ula GE WA @ AS a

Osebo: These are the guys tofavoid if you're going
somewhere or doing something that might piss off the
local Magajii Luckily, mostof themvare démb enough'
that a quickly thought-up story will get you off the
hook if they Gatch you.

Shango:: If there's one legacy to say/"pléase" and
"thank you" when dealing with, the Shangoate it-Do
what they.askand you can end up with magical chatms
in exchange; Stab themin.the back and they'll fry your
as quicker than you €arblink. Have to give themthis;
though—they do pay well'when they want something.

> © XiDundu: These guys are damn scary, and consider-

itig they're aboutas likely as the Naglopers to ask yotido

something,' juSt'say stay:away from them altogether.
ything without a'shadow is no friend of mine.

FO


Character Creation: Physical Attributes are most _ and farther between, and even the young members have

commonly primary, with Social second, though the re- —_ been a bit more jittery than previously. Few outside the clan
verse is common also. Talents and Skills are usually held = even know or care, but those who do simply
above Knowledges, but depending on character concept, shrug and accept strange curses as part of unlife — perhaps
such isn'talways the case either. Most Kinyonyihaveafew brought upon itself by the archetypal Kinyonyi mien.

dots of Streetwise, Survival, Stealth or Subterfuge
even a bookish Kinyonyi usually picks up a few survival

tips from his sire or other members of the legacy

Legacy Disciplines: Animalism)Chimerstry, Fortitu

Weaknes Kinyonyi are‘known for their ability to
get things done or find hard-to-find items, but they're also
well renowned for their lack oftact. No one's
really sure why, but it seéms that when-
evera Kinyonyi stays Ina domain too
long, he inevitably ends up doing or
saying something he shouldn't and
getting himself kicked out. It's pos-
sible that as frequent outsiders, they
see things other Laibon don't, and for
some reason are unable to restrain
themselves from comment, possi-
bly in the hope of remaining
outsiders. In any ease,
for every two weeks
aKinyonyistays in
a given domaiif
she must make a check of SelfControl + Subterfuge
(difficulty 8) to avoid mentioning or othetwise revealing
some unpleasant fact — true or false, on purpose or by
accident — about someone important in that domain.
For each month she remains, the Kinyonyi also receives
a one-die penalty to this roll. Keeping this inymind, it
makes a bit more sense that Kinyonyi travel so fre-
quently.

Organization: The Kinyonyi have a loose organiza-
tion. No one's really "in charge," but they, tolerate
each other's company and know how to contact each Ge
other for the most part. It's generally a given that if ie
a Laibon lets one Kinyonyi know what he nee S
another Kinyonyi will show up within the next few
weeks who can fulfill that need if the first cannot. The
legacy maintains an informal network of mail, couriers,
animal messengers and sometimes email to help its clients
find Kinyonyi who are well suited to their individual needs.
Informal gatherings happen on a semi-regular basis, usually
outside of any established domain, for the Kinyonyi to tell
tales and offer each other business and negotiation advice.

Sure, I can get
those statues for you, no

sweat. Just give me a few

Of particular concern is a recent event that shattered
weeks to work out the de-

even the informal nature of Kinyonyi society. No more
than a few years ago, a terrible blood-thirst racked tails. Oh, and remind me
the legacy, sending its members into paroxysms of diablerie which museum my guy
and frenzy. Since then, elders of the legacy have been fewer needs to break into


Take every frightening rumor you've ever heard
about Africa — cannibalism, bloody rituals, you name it
— wrap it up inside a humanoid form, and most likely
when you're done you'll be staring into the face of one of
the Naglopers. If the Akunanse gain a measure of wisdom
from attuning themselves to their Beasts, the Naglopers
instead allow the urges of the Beast to surface more fully,

influencing their actions and often reshaping the person-
alities that once made them human. Torture, murder,
sexual perversion and worse are all commonplace for
Naglopers, and indeed most Naglopers don't consider
these practices remarkable at all. Torture is one of the
favorite activities of much of the legacy, and some amount
of internal legacy renown can be gained from devising
new and creative forms of it. Beyond this, however, the
Naglopers have little structure to speak of, and many tend

to be quite territorial, especially where other uninvited

Naglopers are concerned.
The name Nagloper comes, not inappropriately, from
aKhoikhoin word foran evil sorcerer or night-walker. The

y's nickname (in local language) comes from the

legacy
Ashanti word asanbonsam, referring to a common legend
of hook-footed men who lurk in trees in the forest, snatch-
ing passersby from above to feast upon their flesh and
blood. In fact, variations upon this theme are one of the
oldest and most popular torture devices among the
Naglopers. Sometimes a Nagloper will twist his own feet

into hooklike appendages and reenact the legend, but it's
considered much more interesting to have mortals do it
instead. Usually a Nagloper will kidnap a mortal, warp the
unfortunate soul into asanbonsam shape, and promise to
restore the person's normal physiology (or even just to give
a quick and painless death) if they act out the role. This is
a favorite method not only of torture, but also of finding
an

prey. Needless to say, the promises used to entic
unfortunate to play the role of the asanbonsam are rarely
carried out, and a lucky victim will find himself trans-
formed into a ghoul, while an unlucky one will most likely

become the focus of a different and much more painful

torture when the Nagloper tires of the asanbonsam game

Because of their unpredictable and territorial nature,
the Naglopers often find themselves distrusted by Laibon
of other legacies... but then, most Naglopers don't trust
each othermuch either. Many Laibon find the Naglopers'
ability to warp flesh and bone disturbing in the extreme,
and rumors that some also possess sorcerous abilities are
certainly unsettling as well. In most domains, Naglopers
can expect their actions to be closely watched and
criticized, and those who wish to survive in mainstream
Laibon society usually have made themselves useful

——-NAGLOPERS ===

enough through talents or contacts that their other
habits are overlooked.

Nickname: Horrors

Appearance: Naglopers generally care little about
how they look, often appearing in ragged or tattered
clothing, or sometimes none at all. Some Naglopers
have even been known to turn their body-warping
abilities upon themselves, rendering them truly gro-
tesque to behold.

Haven: Naglopers' havens share between them only
one characteristic: They tend to be uninhabitable for all
but the most depraved Laibon of other legacies. Usually
Naglopers prefer secluded locations either deep in the
woods, below the city or someplace in the wilderness
(caves and the like), filling their havens with scores or
even hundreds of twisted animal servitors and guards.

Background: Naglopers don't look for mortals who
are "evil," per se, but rather ones who strike them as
capable and well suited to unlife on their own. Hunters,
mercenaries, thieves, cemetery groundskeepers, and other
solitary jobs are some of the favorite professions of
Naglopers looking to Embrace. Successful underworld
figures or corrupt businessmen are also prime candidates,
as they've already proven they're willing to do whatever
is necessary to gain what they want.

: Hmm. Same'as us, or not? Right
but not far enough. Foolish spider-me
Followers of,Set: Ah, y

how to play. Some will even t

. Suchigames they know
ach-usi

y do not own us,

Guruhi: Pretentious parents, The
but they thifkthey do. One nightwe willshow them

i how sharp Our fangs are.

i Ishtarris So easy, so ripe for the plucking#Their
foolishness begs for them to be taught a lesson, and
the fat omes.are very tasty.

Kinyonyi: No fu. Too hard to fool into playing
ip with useWe must leanijeheir tricks, yes

4. Osebo

theni ang:

avorite lapdogs ofithe Guruhi. But make
yeand see how quicklysthey turn [into
wolves and slaughtemhe shéep. Such fan!

Shafgo: No}! [hissing sounds} Ieburns! Teburns!
[sound of fleeing footsteps]

© Xi Dundif: They ate much like ts, and by helping
themewe may have much to gain. At least they hate
the Guruhi as much as we do.

ar

a


Character Creation: Naglopers usually tend to be either Physical or
Mental primary characters. Most really aren't social creatures, but those
who are primarily Social are among the most frightening of psychopaths.
Talents are usually valued highest, with Skills second and then Knowledges.

For more intelligent characters, Nature and Demeanor are usually very
different, while less sophisticated Naglopersihave similar Natures and
Demeanors, not having learned yet to disguise their depravity when
dealing with others. Some common Aréhetypes ificlude Bravo,
Child, Conniver, Deviant, Fanatic, Yonet, Masochist, Mon-

ster, Rebel, Rogue, Survivor and Thhrill/Seeker. Common
Abilities include Brawl, Occult, Stealth, Streetwise
and Survival.

Legacy Disciplines: Animalism, Auspex,
Vicissitude
Weaknesses: No one is really sure why
the Naglopers are forced to bury themselves
in the ground before sleeping each, day,
though some Laibon believe that their
Beasts force them to burrow intothe earth
| just as lesser animals de. Whatever the
} reason for it, for eaéh day @
| Nagloper does not bury him-
| selfin the earth completely "SS ed
before resting, his dice Lib
pools are halved (cumu- /
latively, down to a
minimum of one die)w
This penalty remains
until the Naglopér rests
one entires@ay in the
ground. Because of their
legacy's weakness, the few
Naglopers who have heard of the
Western Protean power'Earth Meld are
very eager to learn.ieindeed.

Organization: As mentioned previously, the Naglopers have only a
loose organization at best. Occasionally' few work together when forced by
circumstances or members of otherd@gaeies, but Naglopers are just as
intolerant of each other as outsiders"are of them. For the
most part, this has to do with their territorial tendencies.
The one major exception is the legacy's old pastime of
torture games. A few Naglopers can temporarily forget
their differences when comparing notes (and usually physi- .
cal strategies) on torturing mortals or other Laibon. These "ies
contests can last weeks or even months, sometimes sending small

Quote: Ah, a tasty morsel you are,
yes. Weshallenjoy dissecting you, slowly ,
with our teeth. Such a good addition to
our little collection you willmake. [sounds
of lips smacking]

villages or towns into panics as more and more ¢:
reappearing dead, mutilated or worse.

zens disappear,

SS


Rete corer ne eae

Notoriously undisciplined by themselves, the Osebo
nonetheless make up one of the more numerous legacies
in the Ebony Kingdom. Much of this reality stems from
the fact that they are passionate creatures, who Embrace
as the urge takes them. As such, it is difficult to gener-
alize about the Osebo, except that they all suffer a fire
in the blood, a heated temper.

About the only other generality that applies to the
Osebo is that they are often the warriors of the Ebony

Kingdom — the Blood calls to the Blood, and Osebo
choose childer who are like them. Osebo himself is the
leopard of West African Ashanti legend, fast and strong
but proud. His Laibon namesake take after him in this
regard, though pride often makes way for stubbornness.
Many Osebo are quite conservative, thinking that the
old ways are as good as any. They often grow set in their
ways, as well.

Unfortunately for the Osebo, those ways are selfish
and occasionally capricious. For this reason, Osebo
often find themselves drawn to other Laibon, if only for
the sense of purpose another night-walker can give
them. Left to themselves, the Pride indulge their baser
whims, stealing children from their cribs, abducting
men from their homes, killing without need and other-
wise watching their morals degrade as the Beast has its

way with them. They support the Guruhi most often, as
their order is the dominant one in the Ebony Kingdom,
though an Osebo looking for an authority figure might
well throw in with any individual — Laibon or other-
who demonstrates enough force of personality.

wise
It's not so much that the Osebo want someone to order
them around, and anyone who assumes that's the case is
likely to find his blood sating the thirst of the Pride.
Rather, the Osebo know that they can't control them-
selves, so they look for someone to protect them from
themselves.

Nickname: The Pride (collective)

Appearance: Osebo don't often bother disguising
the fact that they're physically competent. Strong Osebo
often bulge with muscle, fast Osebo have lithe figures
and well-defined musculature, and other Osebo often
"look the part" of their prowess. Their straightforward
nature leads them not to put on airs, and few bother with
grandiose clothing, while the less sophisticated among
rely bother with hygiene. They often wear their
emotions plainly on their faces, frequently making it

them r:

easy to determine an Osebo's state of mind simply by
looking at her.

Haven: If they have the fortune of a Laibon patron
or mentor, most Osebo dwell with them. If left to their
own devices, most Osebo treat havens as an after-
thought, sometimes taking a mortal dwelling as one,
sometimes settling for a relatively safe cave or glade. If
a haven matters to the Osebo in question, she's likely to
keep it well appointed. If the haven is merely a matter
of survival, it's likely unkempt, if even permanent.
Background: Osebo often Embrace salt-of-the-earth
types, occasionally swaying toward the more criminal
side of the law. Given the Pride penchant for child-
snatching and kidnapping, any number of whelps might
have been brought into the legacy following such an
event, though few of these victims survive long enough
to make the transition. Osebo often Embrace on a
whim, as well, meaning that anyone who takes the fancy
ofa Pride member at any given point might find himself
left to his own devices shortly after becoming a Laibon.

Character Creation: Unsurprisingly, most Osebo
favor Physical Attributes, Talents and Skills. Natures
and Demeanors are often similar, considering that most
Osebo don't put much stock in subterfuge. Backgrounds
are most often afterthoughts (though Mentor is com-
mon), with Disciplines and other potential to make
things happen here and now taking precedence.

Legacy Disciplines: Auspex, Celerity, Potence

Weaknesses: The Pride frenzies easily, its members
becoming whirling dervishes of destruction. All difficul-
ties to resist frenzy increase by two for Osebo characters.

STEREOTYP!
I, Akunanse: The tarantula.may bite, but his legs
} break off if you@fopihim. fromphightenough:
Followers" of Set: Theysspeak in 1esbur their
| money spends well
Guruhi: They ‘are wise leaders, to be certain.
m= Whether they are good leaders
Ishtat#it=Brorhel-masters and pleasure:
Asonythey pay admnifably for protection.

i) and for thatr
| Kinyonyi? Flyway, little birdforthe leopard will
<-

net my place to

seeker

atyou
Naglopers: Disgusting ‘atid foul, and\remarkably.
hard to bréal
Shango: They,are weak, and they have turned'to
to-aid them. Witchcraft.is a cowardly way |
I

Xi Dundu:-As'long as.the keeps moying,

don't care who's pulling it. )


i .- a aa A
ey PS

Organization: While they have little or-
ganization forithemselves, Osebo oftenyprove
more than willing to adéprethe customs of
anyone who looks like+he might besa, good
patron. An Osebo who knows another of his
legacy for what she is might grant her.respect
and even treat amiably with her, bufonly s6ifar
as it doesn't harm his own goals or/his ment6r's
preferences. It's a grudging respeet given on an
animal level, but it exists nonetheless.

Quote: I was told you have to die. So be it


A legacy composed partially of fearsome warriors,
partially of enigmatic sorcerers, but almost entirely of
devout worshippers of a powerful Yoruba god, the Shango
have been in large part the power behind the throne of
many of the Ebony Kingdom magaji. Through their devo-
tion to Shango, Yoruba god of storms, magic and war, the
Shango have cultivated abilities of both warfare and
sorcery, making them formidable opponents to those who
challenge the accepted order of the Ebony Kingdom (and
thus, often valued allies of the Guruhi).

Although known for their magical prowess, the Shango
tend to keep quiet about exactly what they can do, finding
mystery to be a far more effective tool than force most of
the time. The Shango are also well aware that they're the
only major legacy with a talent for Obfuscate, a Discipline
they guard almost as closely as their magic. This helps to
keep up their reputation, since anywhere a Laibon goes, a
Shango could be listening. Shango allow rumors about
them to spread freely among the ranks of younger Laibon
— rumors of trafficking with demons, or of using other
Laibon's blood in magical experiments — for they know
that such rumors only increase their hold on the minds of
the same Laibon who spread them. The Shango know the
truth (and so does their god), so what the rest of the world
thinks matters little to them.

e not afraid

In times of need, however, the Shangc
to bare their fangs (so to speak). Laibon who are foolish
enough to overstep the bounds of plausibility with mortals
or who defy their magaji one too many times can often
expect the Shango to pay them a visit. They might best be
compared to lightning — one of their god's favorite tools
— in that they strike quickly, brutally and without warn-
ing, then disappear into the night. While most Shango are
usually willing to help their fellow Laibon for a price, it's
common knowledge that they are not to be trifled with.

Nickname: Judges

Appearance: While many Shango prefer the tradi-
tional clothing of a Yoruba babalawo, a significant number
are practiced at appearing entirely ordinary. Particularly
among the younger members of the legacy, Shango in
Western business attire are just as common as those who
prefer more conservative dress. Some prefer working more
openly as wise men or shamans, but increasingly the
Shango have found great rewards in blending into the
background and letting their prey come to them.

Haven: Most Yoruba Shango prefer to gather in sanc-
tuaries to Shango or whichever other god they hold to be
most important. These shrines usually begin with only afew
Shango, growing into large communal havens with time,
and in any given area there are usually several from which
to choose. All Shango are technically welcome at the
shrines, but usually a follower of one orisha will stray to an

unfamiliar shrine only if dawn is fast approaching or some
other emergency occurs. Non-Yoruba Shango are also wel-
comeattheshrines, butmany find themselves uncomfortable
in such an atmosphere. Asa result, they establish their own
havens rather than taking advantage of the communal ones.

Background: Because of their devotion to serving
their god, Shango most often look toward the Yoruba or
practitioners of related religions such as Santeria or
Voudoun, who in most cases are already familiar with the
god and his directives. Simple talent in magic or in war can
be enough, however, and decorated soldiers or well-known
sorcerers of non-Yoruba stock are also chosen for Embrace

Akunanse: Wise and noble beasts, buefew use their
knowledge to greatest advantage: Listen to theit words,
but do not allow yourself to grow content.wandering
the jungleas they do.

Followers of Set: Accursedshakes--Deal with them
when-you must, but never offer them anything that
could be tised against you, for they will-do so the first
chance they get.

Guruhi; Theyre the lion 'to our Hawk while our
powenslies in speed and intelligence, theirs Gomes
from strength,andstabilitye Monstrous orunjust they
may be at times, but when dealing with them neve
forget this: Fhey tuléthe Ebony Kitigdomiso,that wi
do, not have to. Allow. themetheir worldly power so
g_ long as they do not run wild with it.

@  Ishtarris Poor, sad hedonists, wallowing in their
excesses. Why ounmagajijstillisuffemthem to survive,
Iwillnever know.

ww clipteiah reed ce tae) ek et Ge

F Kinyonyi: | wouldmuchsooner deal witha Kinyonyi
A, tharia Follower of Set when Ineed something. Most of
§ themare very reliable when offered suitable payment.
If you value your continued existence, though, never
make the mistake of bringingone to court as your guest.
Naglopers: Neither wise nor noble, but certainly
i beasts, and they should be treated as such if you wish to
survive long. If ever oneoffers to play a game with you,

I suggest responding quickly and-with. deadly force!

\ Osebo: Ah, whete-would we be without the Osebo?.
tq _Theyareoureyesand ears, our bodyguards, foot soldiers
m and lookouts. Sadly, most of them aren't too bright..-

But overall; that makes*for.a better soldier.

b Xi Dundu: They seek to.undo everything we have

at built withthe Guruhi, and solely for their own personal
gain. The-shadow is truly @ reflection of thesoul, and j
j the Xi Dundu have neither. Do nortrustthem:

ET Vly i Sg


— yr Zip Rk

Z
Be este! ZO PREM SED

by the Shango on occasion. Most Shango look for
a devoted follower of the god first, but if a
ses abilities that could be use-
ful to the legacy, theology ¢
always be taught after
the Embrace.

Character Cre-
ation: Shango tend to
favor either Mental or
Physical Attributes, depetid-
ing on whether the¥ choose
to focus on-rffartial prowess
or on sorcery. Sorcerers usu-
ally cultivate Knowledges
first, while warriors cone
centrate on Talents and
Skills. Natures and De#
meanors vary depending on
an individual Shango's goals,
but some common Arches
types include Architect, Celebrant,
Fanatic, Judge, Martyr, Traditionalist
and Visionary.

Legacy Disciplines: Celerity, Dur-
An-Ki, Obfuscate

Weaknesses: Like the Greeks and
the Norse, the Yoruba often detail the
shortcomings of their gods in stories of
their exploits and defeats. In these sto-
ries, Shango's weaknesses most often
concerned hedonism — often Shango
is depicted as a drunk and a womanizer.
The Shango share their god's fondne:
for drink, but for them it applies to vitae
rather than alcohol. All Shango have an
even greater than normal liking for
vampiric blood, and any time a Shango
tastes the blood of another Laibon (or Kin-
dred), she must make a Self-Control roll
(difficulty equal to the number of blood points
ingested + 3). If she fails, she becomes
addicted to that vampire's blood, and
the player must make another Self-
Control roll the next time they meet. Op
A failure leads to a blood frenzy, in
which the Shango will stop at nothing
to ingest as much blood as possible. Most
Shango see this as a result of the legendary
temper of their god, but in general they do not
indulge it. Too many Shango have been easily blood
bound by unscrupulous magaji or kholo in search of a "pet
Shango" or unpaid bodyguard.

Organization: Within the legacy, there is something of

a division between Shango of Yoruba and non-Yoruba
descent. While more Shango than not were Yoruba as
mortals, those who were not often have difficulty ac-
cepting the worship of a new god. Usually this
shortcoming is forgiven, but nonetheless, these Shango
can expect a more isolated road than their Yoruba
fellows. Even those whodo accept Shango
€sitheir god often pray to him as an
aspect of a more familiar
figure, but other
Shango usually
consider this
an acceptable
compromise.

person posse:

Among Yoruba Shango, quite a
bit of diversity exists. Not every Shango actually
does worshipShango exclusively. Most Shango
do acknowledge the god as their patron, but
many choose to worship another god (or several
others) as well. Most popular next to Shango
himself is Oya, a fearsome godde: aid to
accompany Shango in battle and also to have
power over the dead (much like the Indian god-
dess Kali). Devotees of Oya are often female, and
they emulate her by developing their fighting
skills and (in some cases) by pursuing necroman-
tic magics. Other popular orishas of the Yoruba
pantheon include Oshun, goddess of water, whose
followers deal in water- and weather-related magic,
Orunmila, whose followers concentrate on divi-
nation, and Osain, whose followers deal
herbalism and alchemy.

ss who is

Quote: You have acted foolishly tonight,
child. Do you not recall the story of Shango's
betrayal by Oya, when fire sprang from her
mouth? Ah, you say you have not heard this
story... perhaps a physical demonstration
would be more instructive.


Aer

se Le 2s . _

os yS LO NG tow.
RaeEN G 4
SAS IS

SEY ON

i

Presumably, the Xi Dundu originated from the
Congo, the very heart of darkness. Now they can be
found in both central and east Africa, though some
remain in the Congo.

According to the legacy's own legends, the legacy
splintered over its future many centuries ago. Part were
content to remain as they were, while the other faction,
mostly comprised of neonates, wanted to use sorcery to
increase its strength and put it on a level with the
Antediluvians. During a profane rite, something went
horribly wrong. Many of the Xi Dundu fell to the ground,
writhing in horrible agony. The only way they were able
to escape the torment was by fleeing into the river.

The Xi Dundu's ancestral home had rejected them
and they were forced to make their way by water, out of
the Congo. Some migrated through to Central African
Republic, while the majority traveled along the Congo
River until they reached Lake Tanganyika, which bor-
dered what is tonight the Democratic Republic of the
Congo, Burundi, Uganda and Tanzania. The Shadows
entered Tanzania, and when the earth did not reject
them, they continued their migration into the Rift Val-
ley and Kenya.

Whether it was because of their long ordeal and
migration, or simply because of their very nature, the Xi
Dundu are fiercely bound together. They have learned
to work in unison, and (unlike many legacies) they are
able to recognize the value ina concerted effort. Aggres-
sive by nature, the Xi Dundu prefer to lead rather than
follow. Although the Guruhi hold the seats of power at
the present, the Xi Dundu have set their sights on
usurping them.

Coming from the very core of the Ebony Kingdom,
the Shadows have taken a mantle of supremacy as lords
of the night. They use their network of allies to spread
superstitious tales of their terror and power, to further

claim the night as theirs and theirs alone. Headstrong
and severe, the Shadows rarely bother to hide their
ambitions. They can be cruel and forthright, or they can
play at games of subversion suggesting that perhaps the
Guruhi aren't the best leaders of the Ebony Kingdom
after all — and that perhaps the "dark continent" needs
a similarly dark faction to take up that mantle.

Nickname: Shadows

Appearance: Although legend suggests that they
originated in the Congo, the Xi Dundu have Embraced
many of the peoples indigenous to central and east
Africa. Many of the Shadows most resemble the Masai.
They are often tall and lean, with startling white teeth

against their obsidian skin. They are comfortable wearing
the suits of the affluent as well as the traditional Masai
beads and red cloth. Xi Dundualso continue the tradition
of piercing, mortification and body modification, and
some of the females have holes so large in their ears that
their lobes brush their shoulders. The women also sport
intricate beaded collars while the men wear several
bracelets on a single arm. If nothing else, the Shadows
know how to blend in.

Haven: Xi Dundu typically keep close quarters. If
out in the savannas, they often adopt the Masai habit of
building a few dung huts and surrounding them with a
stick fence with a diameter no more than several yards. If
they are in Nairobi or other larger cities, the Shadows
typically have quarters large enough to house most of the
regional Laibon as well as their retainers so that they are
all under the same roof.

EREOTYPES
Akunanse:*Their- wisdom could be~
reckon Withanduse, if only that wisdom didn'tmake
them truly a part of the jur and numbered'as one
of-the beasts.

power to

Followers of Set; Ifind it best to keep my distance,
notknowing what it is exactly these Snakes want. I'm
nt sure they do, either.

Guruhi: They are preeminent. .2fornow. But times
aré changing, éven forrhose who would. resist it:

Ishtarri: Not originally one of us, though. they.
have wormed their way in father expertly, Useful
warlords when they_aren't lost/to their physical
and addictions:

Kinyonyi: Fi
But! trust thenvonly so'far.

ee ee

desir
‘om'time #0 time, I have hired them.

Naglopers: Witchsdoct6ts}/SOrcerers and grave-
yard seawengers. If T could get them to spread my
sinister tales instead Of theits, the feats of both kine
and Laibon,would flow likejan"unstoppable wave

Osebo: These leopards are more' like lapdogs to
uruhi. An
they will be put down like rabid beasts when the time
is right.

the since they can'téhange their spots,

Shango: They spend toomuch of their time search-

s

a

B

id

:

a :

a over this Kingdom?
|

ing for their divine purpose and carrying out Guruhi
I business for my taste. Better to avoid them until the
j Guruhi finally fall and then annihilatethem.

a a

0 cme


Po) at a #.
eat Seat BSS.

f

Background: Originally, the Xi Dundu were Z Weaknesses: Xi Dundu vampires cast
no shadows. The Bavili believe that when a
man dies, his soul flees though his mouth and

hunters from the Congo, skilled and fearless. Now,
many of the legacy come from a variety of back-
grounds. Imperious and ruthless personalities are he can no longer cast ashadow. Many suspect
that this belief originated as the result of
fortals encounters with a Xi
Dundu. Some ponder the obvious
vanity of the Xi Dundu and won-
der if the lack of a shadow is some
sort of divine retribution, while
others believe that the very earth
rejects their touch. In fact, when
the Xi Dundu rest, they must not
be touched by their native soil or
theirstrength is halved for 24 hours.

highly prized, however, as welkaspoliticalshrewd-
ness and those whog€xecel at the art of
manipulation. In thé end, the Xi Dundu
Embrace those individuals they believe
will best serve the collective legacy for
however long they might bé useful.
Character Creation: The Shad-
ows often share; similar aggressive
Natures and Demeanors, and Ph
caland Social Attributes are the most
valued, with Mental a close second.

They have to have the strength to Organization: Unlike some of

survive the plains./ Skills and
Knowledges are also common. Back-
grounds many Xi Dundu find desirable
include Influence, Allies and Resources.

Legacy Disciplines: Dominate,
Obtenebration, Potence

the othef legacies, the Xi Dundu have
A very strict and regimented loyalty to
one another. That does not preclude
them from eliminating a member of
the legacy who has grown weak or
useless if that is for their greater

good, but it is something they pre-
fertoavoid. Asamethodofweeding
out some hidden infirmity, the Xi
Dundu typically take anewly Em-
braced into the savanna where
she must kill alion barehanded...

or herself be killed.
Quote: I don't need to see my
shadow to know that I leave my
mark on the earth wherever I tread.
Be fearful, because our darkness
is growing, whether you can see it

or not.



You know you can't ride the concept of a horse,
but still I try.
—Andrew Bird, Case in Point

They are symbolic creatures; the bearers of a divine
warning sent in flesh. Nothing lives inside a Laibon that
is not stolen from mortals. Don't forget this. Whatever
part of the soul is left, it swims in blood. Starve the
monster, and the soul dries up. Gorge the monster, and
the soul will drown.

Inthis way, Vampire characters are allegorical, just
like the vampire myths that inspire The fictional
undead monster evoked by the game is d on the
character sheet. You give it life.

Wherever your Vampire characters originate, they
arrive in your creative effort. It is possible to create a
character from a series of isolated choices about charac-
ter-sheet dots and goth fashion, but such creations tend


not to exceed the sum of their inspiration. If you ap-
proach the generation of a Laibon character as a purely
mechanical endeavor, you will not find that a whole lot

has changed. Which is to say, you'll be miss
opportunity to surprise yourself.

Think about how you find your characters. What-
ever it is you do, be aware of your methods. This is
arguably the point in the game when you, as a player,
have the most control. Everything about your character
should be the result of a decision made in the pursuit of
agoal. Don't just generate your character when you could
design her. For this one character, you get to do all the
directing, casting, make-up, costuming, writing and spe-
cial effects.

ng out on the

Keep in mind the storytelling medium for which your
character is designed, though. Other performers sit at the
table with you, and they have other goals in mind for their
characters. Sometimes your character will be the star,
and sometimes she'll play a supporting role. Learn to
recognize which character in the troupe should best
occupy center stage in a given scene, then use your
character as an instrument for all the storytelling tricks
you want to employ in your roles as writer, actor and also
audience. Play "good cop" to another character's "bad
cop," or ask another character for advice based on his
background. If your character doesn't serve a particular
narrative effect, you should know why and share that
with the troupe.

USING THIS CHAPTER

This chapter outlines the process for creating indig-
enous African Vampire characters. Old traits are
re-examined, new traits are offered, and advice on a
variety of player-specific topics is presented for you to
review. Laibon follow a distinctly different moral barom-
eter, and that is also explained here. Bring your creative
tools with you, but leave your preconceptions at the
border.

This chapter assumes that you have at least some
familiarity with Vampire: The Masquerade. As such,
the information herein expands on that which is found in
the original rulebook. Though everything you need to
create an African vampire character is explained in this
chapter, novice players should familiarize themselves
with the core ideas of Vampire before blazing new trails
in the African setting.

Certain topics in this chapter deal with complicated
optional elements of character creation that might seem
like work to light-hearted players. Don't take on any
challenges that could jeopardize your enjoyment of the
game. Likewise, if you or your troupe has other methods
for developing characters, use those. If you're looking for
something new, though, you've come to the right conti-

nent.

GETTING STARTED

Creating a character is a multi-step process that will
help you turn ideas into a realized persona to serve as your
agent in the story. You will turn inspiration into ideas and
refine them into a character concept. Then, using this
chapter as a guide, you will translate your concept into a
character, modeled with game mechanics and tracked
with a character sheet.

The character-creation system grants all players an
equal number of dots to use as narrative instruments for
the description of their characters. No matter how com-
plicated or grandiose your character concept is, you have
a finite number of dots to allocate. Be confident that you
have all the tools you need to accurately model your
character, regardless of the game's mechanical restric-
tions. The system is flexible enough to accommodate any
character if you prioritize the descriptive elements of the
character carefully. Those restrictions apply to every
player, remember. Since Vampire stories usually involve
an ensemble cast, the system keeps the characters rela-

tively even-powered so that a character's importance
cannot be undermined by statistical tweaking. This equal-
ity is meant to encourage you to focus on the storytelling
game, rather than the numbers game.

Every circle you fill in on the character sheet evinces
a small detail about your character, so the dots are
empowered beyond a measure of dice. Anyone reading
your character sheet should be able to infer some facts
about your character from the selection of dots. Others
might presume quite a bit about a person who places great
emphasis on Finance and Subterfuge, for example.
Whether your character exists as an example of (or an
exception to) those presumptions is up to you, but know
that everything the character sheet tracks can be consid-
ered a character trait and not just a mechanical trait.

This is one reason why the dots you have to spend
during character creation are measured so strictly. An
even scale supplies a sure context in which every dot has
value. So placing three dots in Brawl doesn't just suggest
that your character is a mean fighter, it also indicates
what portion of your available descriptive resources you've
spent to convey that fact to others.

Once again, keep your goals in perspective. Some
day the troupe will fondly recall your performance during
the game, not how cleverly you assigned three dots to
Firearms.

Tue STORYTELLER AND CHARACTER
CREATION

With the important change of environment from
standard Vampire stories, it is a good idea for even
veteran troupes to start new chronicles using beginner


Se/ Jaana cited ele tea) ae we ae a at

PITFALLS

Youcould already have a mafvelous character concept in-mind but find yourself hesitant to actually put it inplay. This
can happen frequently with storytelling'gameés based in real and foreigniSettings. Sometimes, regardless of genuine interest
and enthusiasm, the following two hang-ups limit the imaginations of potential players.

IGNORANCE

Even) restricting this setting to sub-Sahatan. Africa, the region. is vast and diverse. Although the continent is
commonly talked about as‘ whole,its parts are often fiercely independefit and topically unrelated: It is a large and
complicated subject to learnt

Startisniall™M6stChronicles focus on a small section of Afri€a; be it acity,or Laibon'domain ora stretch of coastline,
at least initially: Leath as much as you can (6r want to) about that region. Read about the topics that aremost relevant
to astorytélling game» environment, culture, history, current events. Onedvantage you have is that the chronicle
is not likely to be set somewhere boring.

Stfictly speaking;-this bookcontains allcof the information you absolutely needwNot only does the World of
Darkness deviate from the real world, it does so at the whim of the Storytellers Vampire'stories are a sort of modern
myth, afterall. Whiléyou shouldstrive to bringreal-worlddetails into the story, yourstory doesnot need to be bound
by facts. As,long as your stofies focus on'the undead, you should be concerned foremost with atmosphere, theme
and mood:

If certain facets of African léréhaye always been of interest to you, the story is a great way to make them:interesting
for others, tod: At least it'sa,terrific exeuse to lend out books on the subject. Telling stories Has long beenan accepted
means of exploring topics, and you cannot be expected to explore'only those topics on which you're ‘an expert. You
might not need to know anything before the game othér than what you knownow, anyway. Relevant information will
be imparted through the chronicle's stories; and if you can keep track of vampire'social structures, you can absorb new
information about Africa:

Never forget thar the antidote for ignorance is learning-If you don't know something, find it out. Ifa subject doésn't
interest you;don't involve it in your Vampire stories.

FEAR

For some fieople reading'this book, the'subject of Africa plays:host'to several délicate topics (colonialism, HIV,
slavery, etc.)\thatmight seem to be inappropriate fora game. The fear of dealing with serious topics 'in a storytelling
game-is common, afid it stems from respect as often as it does from ignorance. If it helps, remind yourself that a
storytelling game i$ as much'a déscendantof theater as it is of gaming. Itisnot inherently disrespectful to address real-
world issues in the medium of astorytellinggame.

Manyfears are the result of ignorance. Beyond heeding the advice you've already been offered on that front, consider
the.consequences of examining'feal problems through storytelling. In‘all probability, your troupe iis a collection of
somewhat like-minded individuals who trust and respect each other on some level. As long as.you are. comfortable
discussing. given topic with the troupe, you should have no otheraudience tofear. A private, creative and cooperative
group of peoplesounds like fineforum fot the exploration of serious subjects. As long.as you don't offend or pressure
anyone at the game table, what are you afraid of? The intefhational community isn't going to judge you based on your
game sessions.

Besides, the game encourages you to seethe world through someone else's eyes, which is'an excellent way to better
appreciate teal issuesJt' improvisational, too,so you can't expect whatever stories you play out to resultin sttuctuted,
meaningful; tevelations on such monolithic subjects as the HIV epidemic. The loose-back*and-forth ‘style of a
storytelling game makes itwell suited to topical exploration, though. The game is halfway between a theatrical parable
and a panel debate already, so why would storytelling a parable be less acceptable than writifig one? Confronting and
discussing those thifigs that frighten us is one' Way to disarm our fears. The bottom line is that if you leave'the game
table better informed (of the facts or of your own worldview) than when you artived, you will have made the most of a
your hobby.

Unless your game séssionsare being scrutinized by an outside party, you should decide as a group what is appropriate |
for your game and' theneproceed without fear. If it seems like contemplating the Ebony Kingdom's problems:is
detrimental 6 your g6od time; at least respect that such problems are a factual part of the setting. However you choose
toplay your game, make sure that the troupe has chosen one way or the other. Don't plow ahead on assumptions. .

Rémember, this is important: If someone is‘uncomfortable with the game for any reason, stop play-and do what's
necessary to make it fun again forévetyone involved:


methods. Go back and re-examine the advice on p.
102 of Vampire: The Masquerade on this topic. It's a
good idea to create characters as a group, with the
Storyteller, and be sure that all players know what
style of game the troupe has in mind. There are new
challenges in this for long-time players, and, besides,
your fun is worth the time.

Come to the gaming table aware of your own expec-
tations, knowing that you might not be expecting the
same thing your Storyteller has in mind. If your troupe
has acomplex, interwoven collection of chronicles in its
past, you might be predicting the inclusion of familiar
elements inan African chronicle. The Storyteller, though,
might be planning an African story as an exotic or
mysterious counterpoint to what's come before. By as-
suming, you risk missing out on fascinating characters
and engrossing stories that you would otherwise imagine.

Worse, by not discussing the new chronicle as a
group, you could leave some players confused or frus-
trated. So much of the typical Vampire setting is different
in Africa that it's easy for even experienced troupes to
find their common interests drifting apart. The story
within the chronicle might be mysterious, but the goals
of your gaming group should not be.

CONCEPT

At the heart of every character is a key concept that
explains her persona. This distilled summary doesn't
have to be short, but neither should it be utterly com-
plete. It's the gist of the character, the organ that gives life
to the numbers.

A concept can be specific or general, wildly surpris-
ing or comfortably accessible. It doesn't describe the
whole character or necessarily even her physical self. The
best concepts are like kernels, an essential core that will
grow in time into something more complicated or com-
plete. Therefore, an ideal concept is open-ended, maybe
describing someone on the cusp of a new era in his unlife
(as all young vampires are) or a person involved in some
ongoing scheme or organization that could support sto-
ries for the chronicle.

It can be enough to simply avoid picking a concept
with too much backstory. If your character's defining
momentsare all behind her, what's the point of following
her through a whole chronicle? You character might
have a detailed or exciting history, but she must either be
actively looking for more out of undeath or otherwise be
willing to venture into the World of Darkness once again.

FINDING A CONCEPT

Concepts come from many places. Players have no
protocol, no secret method for finding ideas. The game
imposes no requirements that an idea must meet in order
to be suitable for a Vampire character (though specific

See oe tee Fan
chronicles might have certain requirements). A good
idea is one that fascinates, amuses, excites or even fright-
ens you. A better idea is one that affects the entire troupe.

One reliable way to find a concept is to narrow down
your inspirations. Use your interests, your available re-
sources and your goals for the character as criteria to
whittle down the possibilities and home in on the ideas
that fulfill your criteria. Then you can assemble those
ideas into a character concept.

The Ebony Kingdom setting does a great deal of thi
for you. This book contains inspiration for physical
details, motivations, backgrounds and organizations for
you to use. It also sketches out themes and atmosphere
that serve as the criteria for selecting your inspiration:
African history, culture and politics are bristling with
details to inspire you. News, wildlife footage and art
impart a visceral sense of the place and are easy to come
across with Internet searches. Myths and folklore
vampiric or African — can lead you to strange and
fabulous concepts. Even simple contemplation or brain-
storming about narrative themes or classic human
struggles can remind you of topics, theories or ideals
that you can build a character to represent. Whatever
works for you is fair game, as long as the resulting
concept is vivid and captivating.

New concepts don't require breakthroughs. An

unlimited number of characters could be invented as
figures of religious crisis or political corruption or naive
loyalty. More than anything, don't be stymied by the
desire for originality. Great ideas are routinely assembled
from used parts. At the conceptual level, a great many
of literature's most memorable characters are markedly
similar. In fact, creating the next character ina literary
tradition is established technique. Try playing the next
descendant in the Captain Ahab line if you like. See
what happens. Even classic character concepts look
different when seen through the lenses of the vampire
legend and the Ebony Kingdom.

What makes a classic concept fresh again is its
intersection with the new component, African vam-
pires. Combining two like (or unlikely) ingredients
often results in a mixture that is intuitive but unex-
pected, easy to understand but maybe difficult to imagine.
Many different ingredients could be combined this way,
but you still have your advantage. Most of the character
concepts that appeal to you haven't yet been paired
with the idea of the Laibon.

Since the Laibon are creatures of duality, the cre-
ative benefit you get as a designer isn't very restrictive.
Pair your character idea with the supernatural aspect of
the Laibon or the mortal aspect, and you will find a
playable character. Highlight the idea of the vampire as
a deathless predatory monster feeding on its cousins, or
focus on the spiritual ruin of a mortal damned with a


|

divine curse. Touch on the tensions of a secret civil war
of ages or go with the fast rush of short unlives on the edge
of society. These are all ideas evoked by the modern
nights of Africa and each one of them plays out differ-
ently depending on which undead doctor, politician,
warlord, businesswoman, actor, farmer, truck-driver or
killer you match them with.

REFINING THE CONCEPT

Turning a concept into a real-seeming character
isn't easy. Designing a character who represents a moral,
theme or conflict is as much an emotional endeavor as it
is a cerebral challenge. Realizing a concept can seem to
diminish it, but a realized, active character is the only
kind valuable to a Vampire chronicle.

Concern yourself foremost with a character that is
playable (by you) and compatible with the chronicle.
That's your responsibility as a player. The greatest
thought-provoking idea for a character does you no
good if you are unwilling or unable to portray him in the
game. A believable, enchanting character is wasted if it
doesn't fit the chronicle. Once you have a concept
selected from the multitude, use the boundaries of the
chronicle to refine it.

An especially focused chronicle might make some of
the thematic decisions for you. The Storyteller might let
you know that he's interested in a chronicle that explores
the young-versus-old conflict with episodic stories of
brutal violence. Expert killers and other characters who
are comfortable and experienced with violence will be-
tray the chronicle's aim. Concepts that have natural or
surprising associations with violence might include doc-
tors, missionaries, tourists, untested soldiers and fiery
rebels. Many possible concepts are still available to you,
but you have a ballpark to play in now.

Bringing a concept into your reach as a player re-
quires an honest awareness of your playing style. Certain
character concepts might appeal to you intellectually but
be unwieldy in practice. Avoid characters that you would
be uncomfortable or unwilling to speak for, especially
seriously. Roles that would thrill you on a movie screen
are not always suitable as personas for storytelling games.

At the same time, go ahead and try concepts that
challenge you as a player. Nuances add subtle realism to
aconcept while giving you a reliable grip on the charac-
ter. Behavioral or speech quirks are good for getting you
quickly into a character's routine and signaling to the
other players when you're speaking in character. Variety
is key here, lest you risk your character becoming a
cartoon. A few various cues suggest habits froma lifetime
of lessons learned. An exaggerated pantomime is com-
edy. Ground a character with details to help the whole
troupe understand and imagine her. Burying her in minu-
tiae will make any stray behavior seem out of character.

Asaplayer ina game, you might want your character's
sense of right and wrong to resemble yours, especially if
you don't have a lot of experience with storytelling
games. Thus you can evaluate situations in the story from
a single perspective (yours) and know exactly how your
character would feel about the decisions you make (that
is, she would feel the way you do). This method is
acceptable in that it gets you playing the game right away,
which is the real purpose of character creation. The
drawback to this method, at least at the start, is that you
miss out on the game's deeper challenges to your imagi-
nation and your worldview.

As the creator of an intriguing and engrossing alter
ego, you might want to craft a character whose moral
outlook is very different from your own. Every encoun-
ter your character faces is a potential thought-provoking
quandary when you have to determine how things
would look through someone else's eyes. On one hand,
you might learn something about yourself or others this
way by really stretching the way you think about the
themes of the game. On the other hand, you risk
alienating yourself from your character by playing like
this. While you might stick with a novel ora movie with
characters you can't relate to, you may not want to
spend your time playing a character like that. Always
leave yourself whatever characteristics you need to keep
a grip on the character.

DESIGNING THE BRoop

Noone hits my brother but me. That simple rule, more
than anything else, is what separates a Laibon brood
from a Kindred coterie. A familial bond makes Laibon
of the same legacy genuinely interested in the welfare of
her legacy "relatives." While Ventrue Kindred check-
mate each other in fatal political dances in New York,
pockets of Akunanse gather briefly in Addis Ababa to
share information. Of course, there are as many reasons
for loyalty as there are children of Cagn and their
motives frequently clash. Infighting iscommon, but it is
overlooked in the presence of outside threats as a matter
of custom.

This means that the members of a brood might have
important responsibilities to the other legacy members
in the domain, responsibilities that supersede those of
the brood. A balance of allegiances is always necessary,
and every vampire will be forced to choose some night.
What choice your character makes is up to you, but as
players, you could use this bond between legacy rela-
tives to your advantage.

Maybe now is the time to try playing variations on a
theme. Clever players and Storytellers will find all sorts
of storytelling opportunities in a brood of like-blooded
Laibon. The familial dynamic becomes the familiar


wes

component in the strange new context of undead "sib-
lings." A one-legacy brood makes it easy to fit within the
geographic and cultural constraints of the chronicle and
gives every player a roleplaying brace without putting the
weight on any one player. A group of Kinyonyi fixers
traveling Africa in a big rig could find itself entangled in
all sorts of political threads across the continent. A small
riverside settlement in Kenya might serve as the proving
ground for young Xi Dundu; they claim the domain and
dominate an unknowing flock until the Guruhi catch
wind of what's going on. Suppose an internationally
trafficked palace of sin is passed down to a young brood of
Ishtarri with the understanding that only one of them
will lay claim to the place in the end. There's plenty of
room for every player in any legacy. Cagn's blood mani-
fests in as many ways are there are bodies to house it.

A unifying concept for the brood doesn't have to be
mechanically restrictive, either. The "default" story in-
volves a brood of the Fourteenth Generation, which is
weak and foolish and still swayed by ideas like compan-
ionship and trust. Whatever social ties exist between
mortals could be twisted for vampiric purposes. If you
can't manage to meaningfully connect every character

Coricept: Vampiric archivist, keeper of records
for the Guruhi, based in Addis Ababa:

Step One: Akunanse are known for gather-
ing wisdom, whichrfits the concept. Demeanor:
Gonformist (for the appearance. of loyalty).
Nature: Traditionalist (from a genuine bélief in
the old ways):

Step Two: Mental is primary (to reflecta predis-
positiontointellectual pursuits), Social issecondary
(honed with appearances if Laibon domains),

Step Three: Knowledges are primary. (from
graduate studies paid for by the magaji of Addis.
Ababa); Skills are secondary (hobbies, ptirsued
after reading about them). Academics} Law, Poli-
ticsandGomputer get maximum dots (the magaji
is paying for the best and will not accept short-
comings). Etiquette, Exprégsion and ‘Subterfuge
get high ranks forpresentations at court.

Step Four: Disciplines get low, unfocused totals.
Mentor, Contactsand Status each get one dot from
inclusion at princely functions.
dots, Orun gets.three' (this'chz
even mundane, confinéd by social limits).

Step Five: Freebie points go to increase Con-
tacts to 3_and buy more dots in Linguistics,
Investigation and Alertness.(from.a decade of
experiences amidst vampiric trendsetters

Aye gets seven.
acter is téserved,

Concept: Treacherous antiquarian bastard, seek-

ing out items of historical and occult importance
while:selling off the cultural heritage of Afric:

Step One: Legacy: -Ishrarri, the: legaéyemost
likély to continue regular dealings with mortals;
Demeanor: Architect (sellingeartifacts for the
benefit of poorernations), Nature: Survivor (what-
ever keeps himp»irr goods).

Step Two: Social is primary (from fundr:
and»finagling); Mental "is secondary (busines:

and Somewhat educated).

Step Three? Talents are primary (a»matural
with Empathy, Subterfuge and Expression), oth-

e ate-key toa successful antiquities agent.
Step Four: Two dots each in Auspex and Pres-
ence (an ‘innate understanding and mastery of
business »associates). Gontacts, Resources. and
Artifact each get onedot. Orun gets four dots and
Aye six (almost halfway between human society
and occult predisposition):
Step Five: Contacts, Resources and Retainers
get attention Here, Generation is raised to.reflect
ertain.antiq-

cies absence sina Kh ak AA wad ed ea \

a vampire old enough to appre

uities when they were new.

due to individual concepts or chronicle requirements,
look into forming a social chain between the characters.
Make sure every character has an established relation-
ship with at least one other character. These connections
shouldn't be hierarchical unless such a relationship is
implicit in a character's concept. Nor should these con-
nections necessarily imply likes or loyalties unless that's
the goal of the players. Just having the characters ac-
quainted is enough to start with. Part of the fun in this
method of brood-creation is seeing how these connec-
tions develop between the characters over time.
Pursuing more complicated links between characters
has its rewards, too. Innately understood relationships
can be a joy to storytell. Improvisation becomes a simpler
thing when the players involved have a common situa-
tion of reference. Suppose two mortal brothers are
Embraced by Laibon of different legacies. You and an-
other player have the common relationship between
brothers as a foundation and the complex relationship of
divergent Laibon as a direction to explore together.
Slight differences in concept can exaggerate the charac-
ters' differences in the game. Suppose those two brothers
were Embraced by different sires of the same legacy. Now
the contrast between characters aims at an even more
specific theme: nature versus nurture


|

Complex relationships cause a brood to face inward
more often. If the brood is designed to evince the
themes of the chronicle specifically, this might not be a
problem. If cliques develop between the brood's players,
a more serious problem is possible. Remember that no
matter how your characters interact, you and the other
players make up a troupe with a common goal. Players
should respect the Storyteller's goal for the chronicle,
and Storytellers should strive to cultivate stories cen-
tered on the brood.

THE PROCESS

All the steps of character creation are explained here.
For Laibon characters, the information presented here
supersedes that found in Vampire: The Masquerade.
Players will still need to reference that book for descrip-
tions of traits thatare notreprinted here, however. Although
the process is fundamentally the same, even experienced

players should reconsider the steps of creation, rather than
miss an important piece of information.

Examples of character concepts undergoing the cre-
ation process are found in sidebars throughout this chapter.
Use one as the basis for your own character or just co-opt
the odd idea here or there.

Step ONE: CHARACTER CONCEPT

After everything you've just read, you still have one
more thing to do with your character concept as the first
step in the process of character creation. You must keep
the concept clear in your mind throughout the proce:
Other ideas will occur to you during the process, many of
which have nothing to do with your current character
concept. Stay on course. Jot down whatever ideas come
to you, and store them away for some future Laibon if they
are not right for this character. Avoid accidentally drift-
ing away from your concept during creation. A satisfying
character requires cohesion in addition to great ideas
Start simple, and let your character become more com-
plex through storytelling.

LeGacy

As with Western Kindred, Laibon inherit the blood of
their sires through the Embrace. A line of vampiric blood
iscalleda legacy, and it issome measure of a Laibon's cursed
genealogy. Certain supernatural influences are common to
the blood, and behavioral changes might surface in a
childe after her mortal blood is gone. Cultural commonal-
ity is typical, as Laibon traditionally Embrace only those
sorts who would likely be welcomed by the legacy.

Legacies are regarded somewhat like families by
Laibon. Although many bitter struggles go on within a
family, it usually bands together to defend itself from
outside assaults. As with mortal families, however, some-
times fatal rivalries grow out of strife between relatives.

The Storyteller has the right to forbid certain legacies
from play for a given chronicle. The legacies have geo-
graphical, social and narrative connotations that must be
superceded by the theme and mood of individual stories.
Since Laibon associate so heavily along these family lines,
an entire legacy may be restricted as a means of upholding
the atmosphere of the game. Since every character is an
individual foremost, and secondarily the member of a
legacy, you should still be able to play any character you
like with just a little bit of adjustment to your concept.

The thinning blood of African Kindred would seem
to lend itself to larger numbers of rogue or Caitiff vam-
pires, but in fact, the opposite is true. Laibon are less apt
to tolerate the existence of a creature with no strong ties
to the ancestry that grants him power. Such creatures are
usually executed when they are young, and they're sig-
nificantly less common than they are in the Western
world anyway. Also, Laibon without legacies have very
few avenues with which to interact with the larger
Laibon society. This makes the number of rogue, "autarkis"
Laibon extremely difficult to estimate. Since Laibon with
no families have no rights or powers under the Tenets,
there is little reason to keep track of them.

Nature AND DEMEANOR (ARCHETYPES)

These traits function exactly as they do in Vampire:
The Masquerade. Select Archetypes that describe the sort
of Laibon you want to play. Assign the extroverted descrip-
tor to your character's Demeanor as an explanation of her
behavior and attitude. A second (or, more rarely, the same)
Archetype should be assigned as your character's Nature to
describe her introverted attitude or the way she sees herself.

In Vampire: The Masquerade, Nature is defined as
being "real," while Demeanor is called a "mask." Objec-
tively, these are fine concepts for you to grasp as a player.
If you have a lot of experience portraying that two-faced
model and the Archetypes have become secondary to
your roleplaying efforts, try to look at them ina different
way. Every character in the World of Darkness has these
traits, mortal and undead alike. How self-aware are most
folk of these descriptors? How solid is the divide between
them? Who is really capable of honestly identifying these
sorts of character traits for herself?

You should strive to blur the lines between Nature
and Demeanor. Especially for newborn monsters, it is
often difficult to come to reconcile the difference be-
tween what you are and what you act or feel like. A
character who begins with a clear picture of herself has a
great deal of her story told before she steps foot on stage.

Finally, you should be aware that Laibon have greater
difficulty separating their physical bodies from their
psychological or spiritual selves. Make sure you under-
stand the Laibon Virtues Orun and Aye so that you can
wisely select your Archetypes in this step. Orun and Aye
are explained on page 82.


Step Two: SELECT ATTRIBUTES

This is the first step in illustrating your character
with game mechanics. Attributes are unchanged, me-
chanically, from Vampire: The Masquerade. Every
Attribute begins with one dot for free. Assign seven dots
to your character's most developed group of Attributes,
five dots to her secondary group and three dots to her
weakest group.

Attributes are integral to a Laibon's survival. Don't
underestimate the importance of your character's funda-
mental Strength, Charisma or Perception. Relying solely
on education or tool-based skills results in the Final Death
of agreat many foolish bloodsuckers. Raw instincts, honed
might anda pretty face have survived artillery and portable
electronics all across the Ebony Kingdom.

Consider the wildly different environments that
could shape your character's Attributes. Presumably, her
primary Attribute group has been partly responsible for
her survival. Cape Town might inspire Social prowess,
but a shining morning on the veldt will incinerate the
most charming vampire. A smart Laibon might manage
to keep out of such situations.

Attributes do carry over from mortal life. Imagine
what your character has faced prior to the start of the
story and make sure that these traits reflect her successes
and failures. Better still, the dots you have to spend are a
fixed part of the game, but your interpretation of those
dots isn't. Attributes don't just go up over the course of
life or unlife. Your Laibon might be an inept loser with a
single dot in Manipulation tonight, but she could have
been a real seductress in the daylight. Maybe she was a
sculptor with a good eye and a light touch when she
breathed, but now her fingers feel dead and bloodless.
The change into undeath is a curse, with real and ugly
repercussions. Africa's a different place, so look at every-
thing like it's new again.

Step THREE: SELECT ABILITIES

The three categories of Abilities reflect the way
those Abilities are learned. The application of those
Abilities is up to you. Prioritize the Ability groups for your
character and assign dots within them as you see fit. You
have 13 dots to allocate for your character's primary
group, nine dots for the secondary group and five dots for
the tertiary group. No Ability may be assigned more than
three dots during this step.

Don't miss out on this chance to render your charac-
ter with details. A lot can be expressed through your
choice of Abilities and the way you prioritize the groups.

The cultural and developmental disparity in Africa
exaggerates the differences between Talents, Skills and
Knowledges. Not every Laibon in every part of this huge
continent has the same access to Abilities, but the game

mechanics can't tell you what options were available to
your character. That's up to you and your Storyteller.

When you prioritize the Ability groups, you are
describing the options that were available to your char-
acter in life and, perhaps, in early unlife. Whether this is
a factor of your character's geographic, economic or
political origins or the result of cultural bias or something
else is dependent on the concept you've come up with.
Not everyone in Africa has access to public libraries and
Internet bookstores for learning Knowledges. Many of
the Abilities that a neonate can obtain by studying in
Addis Ababa for a future as an Akunanse archivist are
unattainable toan elderly shepherd embraced by Kinyonyi
rebels in Mauritania. And, just as importantly, vice versa.

Thar said, there are all sorts of folk everywhere.
Don'tfeel pinned down by stereotypes. Opportunities are
circumstantial. Play an exception, if that's what you want
to do. Knowledges are passed down in more different
ways, and Talents can be learned under many circum-
stances. Three dots in Medicine learned from the Masai
won't look the same in practice as three dots demon-
strated by a Cape Town paramedic, but the game effect
will be the same. Mogadishu has its computer experts and
some Nuer tribesman know how to drive.

When you assign dots to Abilities, you're describing
the choices your character made from her available
options. Avoid assigning dots only to those Abilities that
are most valuable for a kick-ass Laibon, unless your
concept involves actual ass-kicking or experience in such
matters. By selecting only those Abilities that you think
will be most valuable to your character as a game con-
struct, yourisk forgetting those that your character learned
asa mortal and expected to use later in life. Vampire isn't
a game about tournament-style battle royales between
supernatural competitors, even when a story teems with
violence. The stories are about enduring through ingenu-
ity and guile. It's about the survival of the self. Surviving
a suspenseful jeopardy situation with unexpected uses of
personally distinguishing Abilities is thrilling and sur-
prising. Predicting that maximum dots in Firearms rock
in a gunfight is neither.

Yes, Laibon survive in their brutal world through
demonstrations of greater brutality many times. Part of
playing anew Laibon involves learning that. At the same
time, the cagiest of the old Guruhi manage to be respon-
sible for the elimination of a great many Laibon without
ever seeing them in person. These Laibon claim the
greatest domains on the continent.

Remember that some part of every Laibon isa mortal
in a horrific new context. When your Laibon was kine,
did she expect to wax poetic in front of an undead king?
Didshe have any idea that her sculptor's hands would one
night grow claws?


cs 5
<4; Bent
tecent SL

2

SDE
ED o>

Step Four: SELECT ADVANTAGES

Now is the time when your earthly character be-
comes a supernatural monster. Most of the traits that
define your Laibon against her kin are decided here, late

in the process. Remember that your character will grow
more distinctive as she goes through unlife. It isn't

necessarily a drawback to resemble another character at

the table at this point in the process. You'll need some
similarities in order to keep your group operating to-
gether, after all.

DISCIPLINES

The supernatural qualities that make Laibon eter-
nal, masterful and hungry are passed down in blood from
the earliest of their kind. The power that defined those
who founded the modern legacies isn't the blood itself,

but it burns blood like fuel. It is the curse, put into the
world through Ca and thinned with centuries of

stolen life, that gives the monsters power and makes
them terrible. It draws fools willingly to the curse and
convinces the rest to endure through undeath. It's the
Disciplines that give a legacy power and make neonates
resemble their vampiric ancestors.
Allocate four dots to your character's starting Disci-
plines. Only those three Discipline

sociated with your

legacy are eligible for purchase in this step. You may
purchase further Disciplines you like with freebie points
later on.

A Laibon's mastery of the Disciplines is limited by
her supernatural potential, which is itself represented by
the Virtue called Orun (see page 82). Regardless of how
many dots a Laibon has in her Disciplines or the At-
tributes and Abilities called into question by theirsystems,
she may never use more dice ona Discipline roll than she
has dots in Orun. It is suspected, but not empirically
known, that Laibon fewer than three or four generations

removed from Cagn might not be subject to this ceiling
on supernatural power.

Laibon characters begin a full generation further
removed from the source of their line than Western
Kindred, yet they begin with greater supernatural power.
Where does this added power come from? Do Laibon
enjoy a special connection with Cagn, or are they some-
how infused by some power of the land? Seeking the
answers to these sorts of questions is a good way to make
your allocations of Discipline dots a real part of your
character. Avoiding the question is impossible; it runs
red inside every vampire.

Disciplines are a part of the familial bond within the
legacies of Africa. In a way, they are revered as physical
manifestations of the first Laibon, like ghosts in the
blood. These are heirlooms kept in the tribal body that all
Laibon are destined to inherit. No Laibon is promised an
explanation of her inheritance, however. Imagine the

Coricept: Abandoned 14th-generationnomad,
roaming under the.radar of the elder:establish- |
ment.

Step One: Legacy: Osebo, (for the rough-anid- °p
readyappearance, as well'as the nice complication
that his absentee sire might work directly for the
Guruhi). Demeanor; Deviant, Nature: Loner (damn
the kingdom, unlife belongs toevery undead).

Step: Two: Physical is primary (as it was in
mortal life, for'survival), Mental i:
planning, scheming and survival).

econdary (for

Step' Three: Skills are primary, with Drive, Sur-
vival, Animal Kertand Crafts a point of focus since
mortal life. Talents are secondary (arid necessary
for:survival outside society). Knowledges are ter-

tiary and actively regarded as blue-blooded fluff.

Step Four: Auspe
for recognizing and overcoming obstacles. Arti-

and Potence gét two dots,

fact gets a dot, asia means of tying the character
into Laibon society and forcing him to deal with
other vampires *in the ¢hronicle. Contacts and
Resources each get a dot, for a truck/ haven and
some favors owed.

Step Five: Freebies go to Celerity and: mor
Abilities (Stealth, Mélee, Dodge)*to illustrate a
long backstory: of in-the-dirt survival and far=
reaching travel.

our new character could have gained her

possible we
current mastery of her Disciplines. Experimentation or
an accidental surfacing of power might explain dots
scattered across the three Disciplines, while time with a
mentor could result in a focus on one power.

If you decide that these abilities surfaced without
training or education, consider how you could select
levels in Disciplines that symbol
acter. What Discipline powers could be
interpreted as supernatural manifestations of your
character's personality? To take the notion further, brain-
storm some quirks that make your character's Disciplines
distinctive. Brutal Laibon who think of their ancestors as

some inner working

of your cha

the Beast might growl, hiss or drool with every display of
. A character who internalizes her curse as a well of
magic might prefer to handle water or blood as symbolic

powe

foci of her power's source. It isn't necessary to be grandi-
ose or shocking for your quirks to be effective. Any
unique spice you can give to your Disciplines will give the
game added flavor, too.

Some knowledge of Disciplines is taught from sire to
childe. Certain circles of learned Laibon, usually in

= 3 «

PaaS


domains that are close-knit for the sake of secrecy, elect
to have a single mentor educate all fledglings. Some-
times they do so in order to control the flow of
information, sometimes they do so to suppress or direct
anaive childe. It's not impossible that certain organized
records concerning Disciplines are maintained in even
the most loosely aligned legacies. Any Laibon who gai!
acertain level of power might wish to pass it on to those
who follow behind. Beware all teachings, of course.
Disinformation is the favorite defense of bloodsuckers
on every continent.

BACKGROUNDS

Backgrounds represent real, and sometimes physical,
connections between the character and the outside world.
Traditionalism, tribalism and sometimes severe isolation
result in a small number of Backgrounds for starting
Laibon. Your character has three dots worth of Back-
grounds to distribute in this step. Where those dots go is
largely up to you, but be aware that this trait is often
subject to Storyteller adjustment.

The Backgrounds you choose have important ef-
fects beyond your character. They are external factors
of your character, linked to you but not always under
your control. Like a recurring location or supporting
character, your Backgrounds will become part of the
narrative architecture of the chronicle. The other
players might have to interact with them, and the
Storyteller will have to work with (or around) them
when creating the chronicle. When you select Back-
grounds, you must be either aware of the scope of the
coming stories or willing to swap out your Backgrounds
if the Storyteller asks you to.

Use the reach of your Backgrounds to form connec-
tions with the other characters in the game. Selecting
similar Backgrounds can create a thematic link, but
complementary Backgrounds are even better. Asa player,
you can help foster an intriguing relationship inside the
group by picking Backgrounds that benefit characters in
addition to your own. As a Laibon, your character wants
others to find value in something she has. When they
become dependent on it, she'll have a new way to
influence them.

As the traits most restricted by the scope of a given
chronicle, Backgrounds are also the most changed from
Vampire: The Masquerade. These changes are practi-
cal, not mechanical. Those Backgrounds that are common
in westernized Vampire games are sometimes outright
absent in an African chronicle as a factor of the setting.

VIRTUES

Morality governs more than a Laibon's actions and
restraints. It becomes the physical self. Laibon are liter-
ally shaped by their Virtues.

As a vampire, your character exists in the physical
world at the intersection of two spiritual axes. You deter-
mine where between Heaven and Earth your character
exists by allocating 10 dots between Orun and Aye (see p.
82). Note that these Virtues are dependent: Whatever you
spend on one Virtue is sacrificed by the other.

Your character's Courage begins with three dots
by default.

You may spend freebie points on any of these Virtues
later, but right now you have to choose.

Without a biology or physical chemistry to influence
their existence, all vampires across the globe are innately
moral creatures. The course of a vampire's unlife is
determined wholly by her ethics. Courage determines a
character's Willpower. Orun and Aye, each a notion of
existence in their own right, will fluctuate through time
just as a Cainite's Humanity does, as a result of her story.
The choices you make in this step create the criteria that
your character will use to judge her own actions and
experiences throughout the chronicle.

When assigning dots to Virtues, consider the sort of
actions and environments you expect your character to
be comfortable with. How far can her behavior stray from
her ethics before she terrifies herself? You roll dice to
determine the emotional effects of actions and experi-
ences on your character because emotions are mutable,
irrational and unpredictable. Right now, when crafting
your character, is when you have a chance to determine
what your character's limits are.

Remember that this is all just the starting point. The
journey that every character undergoes as a protagonist
challenges capabilities and comforts. Your character will
change, too, as she faces eternity in the World of Dark-
ness. How she changes depends on the choices you make
and the consequences that result. Neither means any-
thing until they are compared to the standard you set by
assigning dots to your character's Virtues.

Step Five: LAst TOucHes

The final step of character creation is a mixture of
fixed figures and freeform tweaking. Following the given
steps, determine your character's point-driven traits.
Then go back and apply freebie points to any of the traits
you defined in the first four steps.

Mora. TRAITS

Laibondonothave Humanity scores. They havenomoral
traits except Virtues. A Laibon character's morality is deter-
mined by the relationship between her Orun and Aye scores.
WILLPOWER

A Laibon's Willpower is only as good as her Cour-
age, at first. Thus all characters have Willpower scores
of three in the beginning. So much depends on a


character's Willpower rating that it is wise for all char-
acters to spend freebie points here. The Willpower score
is used by your character to deal with conflicts of resolve
and overcome the limitations of the self, which are
many among the scheming and emotionally volatile
undead. Players use the Willpower pool to minimize
random outcomes and impress their choices on the
narrative action of the story.

BLoop Poot

A Laibon is driven by blood, and young Laibon
like yours need a lot to function normally. Roll asingle
die. The result is the number of blood points with
which your character begins play. This number might
suggest what sort of scene marks your character's debut
in the chronicle.

Freesie Points

These points are essential to making your charac-
ter match your concept. Use freebie points to color
your character outside the lines laid out in the previous
steps. Any trait may be raised with freebie points
according to its cost, listed on page 104 of Vampire:
The Masquerade. It's a good idea to prioritize the
points you want to raise according to your character
concept and budget your freebie points carefully. Note
that several important traits such as Backgrounds,
Disciplines and Willpower have different starting val-
ues that will affect the way you spend these points if
you're accustomed to creating Western Kindred in-
stead of Laibon.

THE PRELUDE

The prelude is an exercise for you as a player and is
fully explained on page 108 of Vampire: The Masquer-
ade. The exercise is designed to help you figure out how
to play the character you've created without complicat-
ing the debut of the chronicle with a lot of uncertainty
and hesitation. Beyond that, it adds weight to the
impact of the Embrace by giving you some contact with
your character as a mortal. Ideally this gives you, and
anyone watching the prelude, a firmer sense of the
character and the change into undeath. In this regard,
preludes are just the same for Laibon as for Kindred of
the Western world.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

By going through and answering the questions on
page 109 of Vampire: The Masquerade, you'll develop a
fuller foundation for your character. Ideally, this inter-
view routine will provoke ideas that you might not have
considered otherwise. The better informed you are about
this imaginary person you've created, the more comfort-

able you'll feel presenting her to others. If you can
develop an intuitive connection with your character in
addition to an actor's understanding of her motivations, so
much the better.

If you and the Storyteller don't do this together, you
should do this by yourself. Either way, you should write
some notes down about the answers you come up with.
Once you've done that, keep the answers to yourself.
Avoid the temptation to show them to anyone but the
Storyteller. There are better ways to reveal this informa-
tion to your fellow players.

REVEALING YouR CHARACTER

While you're going through the questions, com-
pose a few lines of dialogue for your character that
reveal her answers. Don't script her responses as though
this were a televised interview. Write in her voice, but
don't tell too much directly. Vampires need secrecy for
protection, but they also desire recognition and emo-
tional contact to make eternity bearable. Show us
what your character remembers these answers to be.

These answers, when completed, become your
secret resource. No longer are you left to improvise
everything and hope that your bad day at work doesn't
tinge your carefully crafted character for the worse.
Use your answers to present your character to the
other players like a television drama does, over time.
Suggest little mysteries in your character's background,
then offer up the answers when some conflict in the
story suggests it.

Don't be stingy with your answers, though. The
revelations about your character are ultimately more
valuable than the mysteries, because at the gaming
table you're not just keeping the audience in suspense,
you're keeping your fellow writers and actors in sus-
pense. Share in this process with the other players.
Help them create scenes in which everyone can learn
something about their characters, and they'll do the
same for you. Your character isn't the focus of the
chronicle, after all. The story is, and you contribute
directly to that.

That's an important point. Remember that the
story going on right now in the chronicle is always the
priority. The game is an active, ongoing tale, not a
retrospective. Move forward. Consider revealing just
one interesting anecdote or fact about your character
every game session. With the Storyteller's help, you'll
have opportunities for your character's revelations to
relate to the theme of the story. Keep your eyes and
ears open. Watch for facets of the chronicle that relate
to something in your character. Make the game fulfill-
ing for everyone involved.


New AND ADJUSTED
TRAITS

A few new traits that are indigenous to the Ebony
Kingdom and available for Laibon characters are detailed
here. Africa is too diverse to be categorically summarized,
so none of the traits presented in Vampire: The Mas-
querade could possibly be outright prohibited in the
Ebony Kingdom. Individual Storytellers may restrict
certain traits as a function of the chronicle, though.

TRANSLATING ABILITIES

First, understand that every Ability is open to
interpretation. A large part of an Ability's worth is in its

use as a measuring device between characters. By intro-
ducing new Abilities, you risk ruining the congruity of
the whole scale. By flexing the existing Abilities, you
can use dots to reasonably define any Vampire charac-
ter from Mozambique to Seattle. You can interpret
Abilities in new ways by creatively applying them to
game situations. You can adjust Abilities slightly by
selecting exotic specialties.

Players and Storytellers alike need to get comfort-
able with using the traditional Vampire game mechanics
to describe the action of this non-traditional setting for
Vampire stories. It's time to recognize how broad the
Abilities that are available to you are. Examine every-
thing again and imagine what else those familiar Abilities
can do.

Whether you're slumming on asphalt boulevards
beneath enormous sky-rises or scouting through rural
townships with red dirt roads, Streetwise is the skill you
use to recognize what's going on and know how to fit in.
Remember that vampires are outsiders in mortal society,
they just don't always look like it. With the comfortable
moral distance many Laibon put between themselves and
their prey, there is little difference between being
streetwise with one group of mortals or another.

Applying Abilities to new and seemingly strange
situations is easy. Concern yourself first with knowing
what your character wants to do. Then identify every
Ability that could make that happen. Choose the one
your character would be most likely to attempt. Does she
want to ingratiate herself with the local magaji? How
does she do that? Etiquette would certainly seem to apply,
even if you normally associate the word with white linens
and shrimp forks. It's not your only option, though. If
your character is a talented conyersationalist with a
respectful tone, Expression could be used instead.

Volunteer the Abilities you'd like to use when you
describe yourcharacter'sactions. The Storytellershouldn't
oppose you as long as your choices are based in the
circumstances of the scene, and not solely on empty

Tee he PR te
circles on your character sheet. By focusing on the needs
of the story, you're putting your attention on the real
needs of the game. Let the story suggest what the me-
chanics should do.

Deciding ona specialty before your character reaches
four dots in a particular Ability reinforces the trajectory
your character intends to take through unlife. This also
gives you a few simple ways to get into character. If you
know that your character is studying to specialize in
international business law, you gain access to an associ-
ated set of concepts that you can draw on for roleplaying
scenes. Describe your character as lugging around yellow
legal pads. Use legal metaphors to relate to the current
story. Punish a slovenly ghoul with the spine of a big
brown legal volume. Brainstorm some images, props and
language related to your Abilities and their specialties,
then find ways to use them in your descriptions. Special-
ties can also serve as a kind of keyword cheat-sheet for
you. Having a few words of reminder text in with your
Skills or Knowledges is great when you're trying to
improvise dialogue on topics in which your character is
fluent but which you know nothing about.

Creating new specialties for your character helps set
her apart from her colleagues and your own previous
characters. It also roots your character in the game world
with specific details. A Third-World Laibon might be an
expert on tribal law or terrifically unusual avenues of
finance. Specialties are more narrowly defined than their
parent Abilities, but they can also stray a bit further in
theirapplications. The intricate local politics your Laibon
is familiar with could confound intruding Cainites and
add strength to your attempts at Intimidation or Leader-
ship, for example. Expert grace with an ancient melee
weapon could result in a great performance that ends a
fight before you have a chance to lose it. The Storyteller
has the final decision on how these sorts of things affect
the story, but these ideas are worth exploring as long as
they help you get a tighter grip on your character.

New ABILITIES

SECONDARY SKILL: DIVINE

Colored stones lay scattered across the plywood floor of
Kirk's trailer. If he connected the dots between them, they
vaguely resembled a horse shape. Kuila dragged them together
in front of her, though, forming a rough circle. "This one's
okay," she said, pointing. "It's Youth, which is about right for
you, so that's fine. This one is Change, which would be bad,"
she glanced at him, "but it's next to Youth, so that makes
sense. No trouble."

"What about that red one?" Kirk almost touched it, but
he drew back his hand at Kuila's fork-tongued his:

"That one is..." she picked it up, turned it over a few
times, then set it back down. "That's Harvest. I don't
remember what that one means there."


read the messages sent by ancestor spirits or orisha:
times you just notice religious symbolism and make sense of
it. Sometimes you actually hear or feel something. Most of
the time, though, you have to seek out signs through
detailed, painstaking routines. One method requires an
understanding of the mathematical relationship between
patterns of thrown palm nuts and more than a thousand
prescribed verses that the diviner must have memorized.
The pattern suggests what bit of scripture might provide
relevant insight. Such insight might be considered a divine
message or a bit of spiritual advice. There are many, many
other methods. All are covered by this Skill.

You may use this Skill to add an air of legitimacy to an
act of Subterfuge, or you may use it to pursue an actual
supernatural lead. After spendingat least 30 minutes on your
search for signs, you may attempt your reading. Start by
asking the Storyteller a particular question. Once the ques-
tion has been assigned a difficulty based on its wording,
intent and quality of focus, you roll Perception + Divine or
Intelligence + Divine, depending on your method. Success
y often metaphorical,

is met with a suggestive answer, vi
which indicates a course of action rather the result of some
action. The greater your success is, the more specific the
advice becomes. You may attempta reading only once inany
given story with regard to a certain situation.

e Student: You've read books that come with
plastic rune stones.

ee College: You've handled traditional tools and
made successful readings.

coe Masters: You've been taught by a practiced
believer.

eeee Doctorate: You're respected for your readings.

e@eeee Scholar: Your readings are too precise to be

shared with non-believers.
Possessed by: Cultural Leaders, Kooks, New-Age
Mystics, Shamans
Specialties: Ancestral Guidance, Colored Sand,
Flights of Birds, Stars, Thrown Beads

TRANSLATING BACKGROUNDS

Unlike Abilities, Backgrounds are practical and fi-
nite, necessarily dependent on the context of the story.
They're not dynamic descriptions of your characte
personal capabilities, they're predefined features of your

character's narrative presence and backstory. Backgrounds
are measured against the realities of the game world, not
against the abilities of other characters. That is, even if
your character has suitable resources to justify the pur-
chase of an enclosed hillside compound, her poorer

enemy might still be equipped to break into the place.

7

EEE

Africa is a wildly different environment from that
supposed by the Backgrounds in Vampire: The Mas-
querade, yet all of those Backgrounds have a place here.
The rarity and appeal of certain Backgrounds are bound
tochange, but the worth of every one is preserved. Africa
has Laibon who enjoy magnificent fame just as it has
whispering liars who influence local and national rulers.
The Backgrounds quantify stylistic and narrative ele-
ments that are inherent to the vampire myth. They're
sure to be of continuing value to your stories.

ALLIES

Laibon organize along ancestral lines into groups
that mirror familial relationships. If anything, Laibon are
more likely to associate with mortal organizations that
fall under the category of Allies. African Kindred have
the advantage of underdeveloped lines of communica-
tion between mortals on the continent. It is much easier
to avoid being captured by a camera, recognized by
overheard voicemail or dated by metropolitan records.
Therefore, a Laibon can slip out of regular communica-
tion for a few years and then resurface when Allies are
dead and unable to testify to the agelessness of their old
friend. The close ties that distinguish Allies from the
other Backgrounds make it easier for Laibon to reconnect
with familiar groups over time. Distinctive physical fea-
tures and genuine recollections about distant relatives go
a long way toward seeming like one of the family, even
after the Laibon has been dead two or three centuries.
ContAcTS

In large African cities, this Background works just
like it does in Europe or the United States. In smaller
environments of local faces and intimate villages, it
becomes somewhat less valuable. The tight-knit social
groups that can make allies last lifetimes can work against
the collection of Contacts. Implied in this Background's
description, however, is a reach of influence. Having
contacts in one city doesn't give you contacts in another.
By defining a reach of influence other than city limits,
you can get renewed mileage from this trait.

If your character is a frequent traveler, such as a
Kinyonyi caravan master, you might declare your reach of
contacts to spread over the length of a familiar trade
route. If you're playing the agent of an especially social
magaji, you could define your reach as any village wherein
a subordinate Laibon makes her haven. Major contacts
should still be described during character creation, and
they might themselves suggest the avenues wherein you
could have minor contacts.

PAME

Fame is a funny notion in the Ebony Kingdom. The
reaches of Fame described in Vampire: The Masquerade
are almost useless to the many Laibon who dwell in small
communities or large cities with few meaningful media

resources. Many players assume that fame is based on
frivolous success in entertainment magazines or pop
culture, but there are a great many reasons why individu-
als enjoy adoration by their people. Important cultural or
political positions grant fame, too. Any structured soci-
ety has social mechanisms in place to recognize or reward
fame. Vast cultural variety in Africa might serve to make
translations of Fame difficult from one part of the conti-
nent to another, but if your character concept requires
your character to be instantly recognizable, you're prob-
ably playing in a chronicle concerned more with
international maneuverings than local relationships.
For your own understanding, realize the meaningful
thresholds between the dots one has in Fame here in the
Ebony Kingdom. If you have Fame 5, you're known
internationally and you circumvent these thresholds.
Otherwise, don't expect a Fame score of 2 to mean much
when you leave the nation where that fame originated.
Faces and voices might not be recognized the way they are
in other countries, even if your name would be. Many
Laibon enjoy this. It allows them better control over the
circumstances (and thus consequences) under which
their fame is revealed to a population.
GENERATION
The blood has spread far... and thin. Characters in

the Ebony Kingdom begin stories at 14th generation.
Having just a few dots in this trait doesn't mean much
relative to the powerful elders of the land, even if it
suggests diablerie. Young Laibon who run wild often go
missing, and no one keeps track of neonates well enough
to find the appearance of another 12th- or 13th-genera-
tion vampire unusual. Three or more dots implies either
further connections to the entrenched establishment or
a suspicion of diablerie.
° 13th generation: 10 blood pool, can spend 1

blood point per turn.

12th generation: 11 blood pool, spend 1
blood point per turn
11th generation: 12 blood pool,
blood point per turn
10th generation: 13 blood pool, can spend 1
blood point per turn
eeeee Oth generation: 14 blood pool, can spend 2

blood points per turn

spend 1

HERD

Evil bloodsuckers find many ways to herd mortals,
especially in a land where screams have so far to travel.
Cultivated ignorance, brutal tyranny, fabricated occult
bullshit and fiery political ravings are just the most
popular ways to sway a populace. With Influence or
Fame, a great many people can be reached, from which it
is relatively simple to select the most gullible, loyal or
needy few who are willing to bare their necks.


|
}
|
|
|
|
}
|
|
|

Herds are easy for Laibon to form because they have
all the components in great supply. The fractured cul-
tural and political environments common on the
continent create extremists who are hungry for a sense
of belonging. Economic ruin results in needy do-gooders
who find blood to be a small price. Geographic and
social isolation grants the Laibon a theater free of
distractions. With hunting grounds so severely divided
by difficult travel and vampiric customs, a herd is often
essential to a powerful Laibon's longevity. And longev-
ity equals power.

INFLUENCE

Every society has invisible strings that can be pulled,
knotted or cut to affect social processes. Laibon are adept
at this sort of manipulation, but they are also more likely
than European Kindred to create wholly new methods of
influence. African tribes foster a tradition of secret soci-
eties all across the continent. Many of these societies
historically operate at night for the purposes of stomping
out witchcraft or passing judgment on common folk. The
vast majority of these societies were created by mortals. A
good deal of them are subject to the whims of some
Laibon tonight.

An environment of disjointed, conflicting cultures
makes it easy for outsiders like Laibon to do their work.
Residual tides of post-colonial mistrust wash through
every level of society in nations all over the continent.
Leading politicians often have nothing in common
with their citizens and make disjointed decisions con-
trary to popular sentiment. Hundred-year-old mandates
divide one tribal group between handfuls of nations or
place traditional enemies together under one flag.
Disinformation runs rampant. Happy and ugly truths
alike are lost, mistaken or outdated before they clear
government offices, much less reach the rest of the
world. Who would notice the subtle plays of a Laibon in
all this? Who could trace one more hidden atrocity or
lost shipment?

MENTOR

The Jyhad in the West makes this Background les:
common than it is in the Ebony Kingdom. The elders of
some legacies encourage relationships that develop into
mutually beneficial dynamics such as this — to a point.
The many splintered domains of the Guruhi make it rare
for someone to obtain the level of power represented by
afive-dot Mentor. It iseven more rare for such a powerful
creature to have any interest in mentoring a Laibon to
one night compete for his place in the social hierarchy.
As a guideline, a mentor worth more than three dots is
very uncommon. The relationship between mentor and
student will be somewhat contrary to Laibon custom. On
the other hand, this trait is common when it refers to
multiple Laibon of limited influence. The small scale of
many domains makes it possible for just a few Laibon

warmongers to make a play for territory. Many magaji
have an interest in advancing their "lesser" to a level of
power unheard of in Western domains. At the same time,
apprentices learn that little but ruin meets those who
pursue greater power. Therefore, many Laibon with men-
tors have an investment in maintaining the status quo.

In the modern nights, consider the likelihood of any
Kindred of importance being willing to associate with a
neonate of the Fourteenth Generation. A young Laibon
might take an inspiring neonate under his wing, but such
immature creatures rarely have any knowledge that has
been tested by time. Perhaps more seriously, 14th-gen-
eration Laibon should be suspect of the plans of any elder
who chooses to take him on as an apprentice.

Resources

More than ever, homeless vampires prowl all of
Africa. Still, these are the exceptions. Most Laibon prefer
some degree of stability, but they don't require the
elaborate protections that mortals do. Laibon do not fear
disease or predatory animals. Prior to the modern nights,
many enjoyed safe havens not far from the haunts of their
sires. Tonight that is not as often the case. Young Laibon
have grown so plentiful that they must carve out a place
for themselves ina dark continent claimed shore to shore
by invisible kings.

And yet some Laibon command such estimable
wealth that it drives colonial Ventrue mad. Vast, fenced-
in compounds of open savannas and air-conditioned
villas represent untold fortunes spent to preserve the
domain of a magaji. Sprawling ramshackle villages with
ditch roads and open sewers sometimes result from profit-
minded Laibon sucking money from the populace. A
thousand international organizations throw billions of
dollars at African causes, and a terrifying total never sees
the light of day because of the Laibon. The standards
might be slightly different, but the Laibon have lifetimes
to horde resources and let them appreciate in value.

RETAINERS

Elder Laibon regularly assemble flocks of retainers
including mortal or ghoul messengers, craftsmen and
observers. It's somewhat more common for these folk to
have roles outside of simple servitude. Often it's the
retainer's job to take care of those tasks deemed too
menial for his master. Some retainers are employed solely
to be available should the master need to be moved
during daylight.

Younger Laibon don't bother with retainers much
anymore. They get in the way of mobility and grant
others unnecessary avenues of influence. Besides, in
smaller population centers it's difficult to explain how
someone could employ retainers without a position of
respect or wealth in ordinary life, and the wise Laibon
turns to his allies instead.


gh
rad bbe

Unlike Fame, which is a measure of one character's
widespread recognition among mortals and undead alike,
Status describes the extent to which all Laibon charac-
ters are aware of one other character. This trait is an
absolute, however, describing your character's notoriety
or respect among the active members of the Ebony
Kingdom's social landscape. In the grand scheme of
vampiric maneuverings, the respect of a domain that is
five Laibon large means nothing. Status is about having
people you've never heard of respect or fear you. It's about
having power waiting for you when you get there. That is,
it means exactly the same thing it does among all other
Kindred in the world. In Africa, it's just harder to secure.
Therefore, in Africa, it is more valuable.

New BACKGROUNDS

ANCESTOR SPIRIT

"Not that one," Haath said in Agru's head. Agru
glanced through the parking lot marketplace again, looking
over women with watermelons, children fighting with sticks,
men loading a truck. Agru lingered on a man near the edge of
the market, trying to light a cigarette. "Him," Agru stated.
"No," Haath's voice was a remembered sound. For some
reason, Agru thought of burnt squash when he heard it.
Haath had been dead for nearly 70 years.

"Why not?" Agru said. "Her," Haath thought. Agru
looked to his right, saw her at a stall and remembered the smell
of cooked steak. Undercooked steak. He walked up next to
her, plucked up a gourd and pretended to smell it. When he
smiled at her, she smiled back.

Something about you attracts the attention of your
ancestors from beyond the grave. You have earned their
favor or fear or even reverence. The ancestor spirit who
watches over you grants you the benefit of the insight and
experience it had in life, if you will just learn to listen.

No conduit or heirloom is needed to make this
Background work for you. Once per story you may roll
your Ancestor Spirit trait against a difficulty of 8. Every
success you achieve grants you a temporary dot in an
Ability of your choice, representative of subtle guidance
and warnings from your ancestor spirit. This bonus lasts
just one scene. Alternatively, you may attempt to contact
your ancestor spirit directly for advice, warnings or re-
search. The difficulty is 10 for this purpose, but only a
single success is required. Your ancestor spirit is the
psychic remnant of a real person, so he or she will be only
as helpful in a dialogue as any other overseeing relative
with a lifetime of experience to hold over you.

At the Storyteller's discretion, this Background
might not apply to certain situations. It is unlikely, for
example, that an ancestor spirit would know enough
about nuclear physics or macrobiology to be of much
help (though certain humbler, "hedge" wisdom might
apply, again, at the Storyteller's discretion).

ra \
aX

You probably don't know where your insight
comes from.

ee You have arare, vague connection. You wouldn't
call it "contact."

The signals — such as faint whispers, urges in
your muscles and tingling in your dead flesh —
are yours to interpret.

The connection is strong but somewhat imper-
sonal. Whose voice is that?

Your spirit has a name and attitude
maybe an agenda.

and

ARTIFACT

In the dim light, Kenneth couldn't be sure that someone
was there. Justadark shape between him and the glass looking
out over Cape Town's nighttime lights. He leaned over and
snapped on his bedside lamp. At the foot of the bed was a pair
of green wooden eyes bored through with holes and set against
aframe of woven reeds. "What the hell?" he said like an idiot.

"This mask was not yours," a voice said from within it.
Kenneth started to understand legs, arms and a body wearing
the thing. Long beaded braids hung down. "You shouldn't
have sold it."

"I thought you were dead," Kenneth's mouth barely
moved. He was sweating in his silk pajamas now.

Ahooked tail twisted up into the air behind the mask. The
bed sheets began to smolder, then burn. "Not me, Kenneth."

You have come into possession of a magical artifact.
It might have a complicated, dangerous history, or it
might be a mysterious bit of powerful junk. It might have
been given to you, or you might have gone out and found
it. It might be yours or someone else's. A higher Artifact
score represents a more powerful artifact or a collection
of lesser artifacts.

. You have a Level-One artifact.
ee You havea Level-Two artifact or two Level-One
artifacts.

You have a number of artifacts with a total of
three levels.

eeee You have a number of artifacts with a total of

four levels.
e@eeee Your have a number of artifacts with a total of
five levels.
For more information on artifacts and artifact levels,
see Chapter Four.

MEMBERSHIP

"It's said they gather at night, in the silo near the river.
Idon't know how many there are, but I think they killed those
tourists. At least they covered it up. I don't know if it's even
real, but what if, right? They'd kill us for talking about it."
Dougray was trembling. "Do you believe those stories?"

Khalu smiled into the oil drum's orange coals. "Well,
rumors are rumors, you know. One part truth, right?" The
firelight bent shadows from his eyeglasses up around his face.


Ren ARES
SS See

His eyes, Dougray thought, seemed bloodshot. With one
hand, Khalu touched Dougray on the shoulder. The other
hand, at his side, grew skinny yellow claws

"Ttell you this, Doug. You get scared if you want. I know
they're not coming after me."

Many African cultures contain secret societies. Un-
like many such organizations, however, common citizens
often know of the society's existence. What they don't
know is who belongs or how they function. One Yoruban
secret society took it upon itself to pass secret judgment
on village troublemakers or suspected criminals. An-
other organized nighttime society hunts for evil women
and witches. A society might give clues about those in its
ranks by requiring particular manners of dress or special
behavior. Anyone who reveals the specific practices or
members of a society can usually expect to be killed by
magic. The benefit of this Background could be turned
against you. Membership in a society is usually only

offered to influential or respected elders, though mem-
bers of much-loved families might be invited. The vast
majority of such societies are led by mortals who know
nothing of Laibon, though. There are exceptions.
Membership is similar to other Backgrounds, but it
requires a closed network of interaction outside of which
nce membership is

membership might mean nothing

81

a secret, it does not guarantee a position of influence or
any level of fame in the outside world, though such
correlation of power is common. Membership supplies a
special source of intelligence, a certain freedom from
culpability and a ripe opportunity for blackmail. You
might need to roll against your Membership (difficulty
determined by the
otherwise benefit from the intelligence network. You
may also roll Membership (difficulty 8) once per story for
an effect similar to Allies, Contacts (minor only) or Herd
as though you had one of those Backgrounds rated two

toryteller) to gain information or

dots lower than your Membership score. You select

which Background to emulate each time you roll

e Initiate: You overhear things and get out of
speeding tickets.

eo Member: You are actively kept current on
goings-on.

eee = Trusted: Your word is superior; you can get away
with theft.

eeee Advisor: You are consulted before the society
takes any action. You hear everything.

eeeee Leader: What you say is truth. You get away

with murder.

aie!

RELIQUARY
Tsuva's remains gathered in a pile near the window.

Langa sifted through flaking sheets of flesh and crumbling ribs
for the foot-high wooden statue. It was caked with soot, but
Tsuva had saved it from that morning's sunrise. Its smooth,
black wood swelled to depict a head and telltale grin. Between
the teeth, Langa could make out a dry and wrinkled eyeball.

With his mouth to its ear, Langa whispered a prayer.
Blood beaded on the statue's sheer surface, which Langa
wiped on his neck. Then he bit his wrist and pressed the
statue's mouth to it. When it was full, he packed it with
Tsuva's ashes. "So long as one of us walks to tend you,"
Langa said to the statue, "they will have to do more than
kill us."

You are one part of a line, bound to your ancestors
through blood. As you have a duty to learn from them
and respect them for giving you your place, so do they
help you — as long as you have the reliquary. It is
imprinted with (or contains) some part of an ancestor.
Usually this means that the reliquary is a source of
wisdom or power or unnatural perception. Commonly
the relic is a mask, a votive sculpture, a bit of ornamen-
tal jewelry or some other easily portable art object like
a scepter or club. It might contain psychic remains of a
mortal or vampiric ancestor.

A reliquary is like a tangible, reliable and limited
ancestor spirit. The more dots you have in this Back-
ground, the more powerful the reliquary's contents are.
Be aware that this rating does not reflect the relic's
relationship to you, exactly. For the Background to mean
anything, it must be related to you by blood, but it doesn't
have to like you. Every dot you have in the Reliquary
Background grants an automatic success in two
Knowledges contained by the artifact. This is the wisdom
of your dead relative stored away in wood or gold. You
must somehow consult with the reliquary to use these
successes. Alternatively, you may define your dots in
Reliquary as automatic successes to Perception + Empa-
thy tests, representing the relic's supernatural insight
into people. This insight is delivered either through
visions or by a voice audible only to you. Additionally,
vampiric (and only vampiric) relics might mystically
augment one of their legacy's Disciplines for one scene.
Dice added in this manner are not limited by the
character's Orun score.

Laibon relics need blood to function. Their reliquar-
ies store a number of indefinitely preserved blood points
equal to their Background rating and can be reimbursed
with new blood. Therefore, more powerful reliquaries are
larger and heavier than weaker reliquaries. They might
drip, ooze, sweat or otherwise lose blood when used.

A reliquary must be defined as possessing wisdom or
imparting insight when this trait is purchased.

Your reliquary is a trinket. Once per game
session, you enjoy a single extra success when
rolling one of the relic's two Knowledges or
reduce your difficulties on Perception + Empa-
thy rolls by one.
ee You have something handsome and personally
valuable. You gain two automatic successes from
one of relic's two Knowledges once per game
session or reduce your difficulties on Perception
+ Empathy rolls by two.
eee ~~ You have an heirloom, passed down to you by
tradition. You gain three automatic successes
from one of the relic's two Knowledges once per
game session or reduce your difficulties on
Perception + Empathy rolls by three.
Your relic isan item of distinction for your family
oryour legacy. You gain four extra successes from
one of the relic's two Knowledges or reduce your
difficulties on Perception + Empathy rolls by
four. You may also store up to four blood points
in your reliquary.
e@eeee You have been given an object of great impor-
tance within the legacy: the remains of a Laibon.
Through consultation, you gain four automatic
successes as above. You may also store up to five
blood points in your reliquary. By consuming
blood from the reliquary, you can augment any
one legacy Discipline with a single extra dot for
one scene (even a Discipline you don't pos:
as long as it is a legacy Discipline for you).

ORUN AND AYE

Laibon exist in a purgatorial state between the do-
mains of Heaven and Earth. Their damnation proscribes
them from both realms. They teeter between an earthly
death and the next world.

Western vampires on the Path of Humanity tend to
believe that their undead state places them on the brink
of mortality and that they will fall away into the unknow-
able nothingness of Wassail without a firm grip on their
human mores. Therefore, most Kindred interact with the
mortal world as though it were the only material option.
The supernatural is regarded as a resource to be tapped, a
tool accessible through damnation.

Laibon belief doesn't focus on the isolation of the
individual from the cosmic order. It doesn't pit the cursed
soul against a nihilistic force that erodes humanitas. It
traps the soul between the terrestrial threat of physical
destruction and the spiritual crisis of psychic dissolution.
It recognizes vampires as just one conductor of the
supernatural power that makes everything go.


Common custom holds that people do not "die,"
exactly. Many Laibon subscribe to the Yoruban notion
that the word fa, "to die," does not apply to mortals.
Instead, it is said that a person's life has "gone out" like a
fire. Laibon, then, are damned to exist as the smoke from
a snuffed life, drifting through a world of fire with the
hope that their life may one day be rekindled.
Endurance being both the goal and the reward for
most Laibon, the undead existence often falls into a
routine. Centuries of the same habits leave an elder few
chances to challenge his morals, so his Virtues grow
stable and even stagnant. His soul grows still and static,
unaffected by time and having no impact on history.
Therefore, while a Kindred erodes, a Laibon calcifies.

As TRAITS

The two traits, Orun (Heaven) and Aye (Earth),
make every African Vampire character a part of the
allegory of the Ebony Kingdom. They are the essential
traits of the African vampire's moral dilemma. The
intersection of these two scores indicates the character's
spiritual situation and suggests her physical appearance.
Neither one can offer a clear picture of a character's
morality. To appreciate the struggle of any Laibon char-
acter, you must compare these two traits. Somewhere
between the axis of Heaven and the axis of Earth lies the
link to humanity.

Orun and Aye are each measured on a scale of 1 to
10, as a finer resolution is necessary to closely examine
the themes these traits represent. Both are initially
defined from a single reservoir of 10 dots assigned
between them as you see fit. Once the chronicle has
begun, they fluctuate independently of one another
based on the experiences of the character and the
experience points you spend as a player. For this reason,
Orun and Aye seem diametric to the recently mortal
minds of young Laibon, although the two traits can
coexist at equal levels for better or worse.

Aye and Orun are dependent traits. Most characters'
combined Orun and Aye may not exceed 10. More
information on the balance of Orun and Aye follows.

Seeing Orun and Aye as opposing forces puts a
Laibon in a difficult position of juggling two hierarchies
of sin. Imagine how difficult it must be to protect two
different moral traits on the journey through undeath.
This viewpoint causes these traits to be worn away like a
Cainite's Humanity over the course of the chronicle, and
it isa common trap of the Fourteenth Generation. Wise
elder Laibon practice an existence between the two
extremes by recognizing the path formed between the
two moral poles and sticking strictly to it. Either through
a protective emotional distance from their fellow kind or
through a rigid social barrier (such as leadership), elders

avoid any challenges to their morals and keep their
unlives intact. Like great mountains, they endure the
slow eons as landmarks.

For every character, Orun and Aye are each associ-
ated witha different hierarchy of sin. The conceptual hell
of each Laibon defines a different set of exact standards
for these paths. On the whole, however, a few standards
are common to most Laibon. Aye typically tracks a
hierarchy concerned more with mortal practices and
terrestrial concerns, so it is somewhat similar to the Path
of Humanity. Orun usually tracks a path more concerned
with spiritual ideology, be it some sort of religious convic-
tion or belief in a proper cosmic order. When Laibon
pursue distinctly vampiric paths, it is usually under the
jurisdiction of Orun rather than Aye.

Aye paths are frequently devoted to the avoidance of
certain behaviors: interference in someone's life at the
highest level, social or societal crimes in the middle
range, crimes against natural law at the lower level. At
the absolute bottom of the scale is a disgusting, destruc-
tive force totally devoid of awareness or reason, existing
only as a force of unnatural hunger. Laibon are no
strangers to the Beast.

Orun paths tend to encourage adherence to certain
ideals: strict practice of spiritual focus in all actions at the
highest level, disciplined periodic demonstrations of the
ideology in the middle range and occasional reinforce-
ment of the higher order at the lower level. The lowest
point is an internal void, a psychic oblivion with no
awareness of anything greater than the immediate envi-
ronment, existing totally at the mercy of any supernatural
force. This spiritual collapse leaves the vampire a feck-
less, thirsty corpse. If such a measurement were possible,
even a mortal would have an Orun score of at least 1.

Errects OF AYE

A Laibon's Aye score reflects the strength of her
connection to the Earth, but also the quality of that
connection. It measures first a closeness to the state of
mortality and then, above that, a resemblance to human-
ity. This trait does not indicate a Laibon's "goodness" or
compassion. Instead, it is subject to those actions that
portray or betray such things.

e Aye tracks the vampire's position along a hierarchy
of sin. Whenever the vampire commits an act that is
considered to be lower on the hierarchy than her current
rating in Aye, she must roll her Aye score (typical
difficulty of 6) to determine how she deals with her
actions. Failure on this roll indicates the act has little
emotional impact on the character except perhaps relief
or mild surprise. The character therefore loses a point of
Aye. Success maintains the current score and indicates
that the character is uncomfortable with her own


behavior and feels remorse for her actions. Therefore, the
score actually reflects what a Laibon believes her moral
code to be until it is tested after dark.

e¢ Whether or not a Laibon frenzies is governed by an
Aye roll. A vampire with a high Aye score is composed,
in control of the lower earthly instincts and even serene.
A vampire with a lower Aye score exists more like an
animal, perhaps out of a love for the simple thrill. Resist-
ing frenzy requires a roll of dice equal to the vampire's
Aye score against a varying difficulty as determined by
the stimulus of the frenzy. See page 228 of Vampire: The
Masquerade for examples of frenzy situations and their
difficulties. Resisting Rétschreck —"the red fear" —also
falls under the auspices of Aye.

e Aye determines the resemblance a vampire bears to
ahuman. An Aye score of 6 or higher lets the Laibon pass
as mortal. A score of 8 or higher is remarkable even to
other Laibon. Human-like Laibon wake earlier than feral
Laibon, who dwell daily in a death-like hibernation. A
low Aye score gives a vampire a more feral or corpse-like
look, but it doesn't add any features a human body
shouldn't have.

© Certain other traits might be limited by a vampire's
earthly quality. During the day, a Laibon's player can-
not roll more dice for any action than the character has
dots in Aye. No more dice may be used for a Courage roll
than the vampire has in either Aye or Orun, whichever
is greater.

EFrects OF ORUN

The Orun score first indicates the magnitude of a
Laibon's infusion with supernatural power, then the
quality of that infusion. Control of that power is limited
by this trait but not measured by it. Rather, Orun indi-
cates the character's closeness to the stuff of the spirit
realm, next world or Heaven, if you like. It's a rating of
one's supernatural potency and distance from the mun-
dane. This trait doesn'tassume a certain religious affiliation
or belief, it reflects a generalized otherworldliness. It does
not govern or reveal a vampire's "goodness" or "align-
ment." Needs and actions do that.

© Orun marks a vampire's distance down the path of
another hierarchy of sin. When the vampire intention-
ally or inadvertently commits an act lower on the hierarchy
than her current score, the player must make an Orun roll
for the character to come to terms with her actions.
Failing this roll results in the loss of a point of Orun;
presumably the character discovers she is willing to
accept this level of behavior. Success maintains the
current Orun score; presumably the vampire rationalizes
her actions or feels genuine remorse.

¢ A Laibon's appearance depends on her Orun score.
A lower Orun score means that the character is mun-
dane-seeming, even if she is pallid or grotesque. A higher

Orun score yields an unnatural or even supernatural
appearance, be it horrific or pleasing. Laibon who possess
great supernatural powers usually appear as if they do.

¢ A vampire's Orun score putsa ceiling on her mastery
of Disciplines. Players of none but the most ancient
Laibon may roll more dice for any Discipline than the
character has dots in Orun.

¢ Orun measures a Laibon's supernatural influence;
not susceptibility. Orun is rolled to oppose the Disci-
plines of enemy Laibon and other works of witchcraft.
In the event that a Laibon is pitted against a supernatu-
ral effect typically opposed by Willpower, use her Orun
score instead.

¢ A Laibon's player may never roll more dice for
Courage than the character has in Aye or Orun, which-
ever is greater.

THE APPEARANCE OF VIRTUE

For Laibon, the body and the soul become confused
after the Embrace. The two intertwine and transmogrify
according to the individual's position between Heaven
and Earth. Each trait governs a facet of the undead body's
appearance. Sometimes the result is just a subtle array of
clues to a Laibon's true nature. Sometimes grotesque or
bestial demonic bodies emerge around an evil soul and
become the stuff of legend.

Within the framework of these traits, you are free to
invent a visage for your character. There is no rule that
mandates the exact influence of Orun and Aye, but
keep the guidelines that follow in mind when determin-
ing the severity of a character's appearance. Consult
with the Storyteller before bringing an extreme idea to
the table, lest you end up with a character that is
unsuitable to the chronicle.

For purposes of appearance, consider a "high" rating
to be 8 or greater and a "low" rating to be 3 or less. An
"average" rating (if such a thing is relevant for Laibon) is
between 6 and 7 for Aye, between 4 and 5 for Orun.
High Aye, Low Orun

Something akin to the existence of Western vam-
pires, this moral split makes a Laibon appear convincingly
mortal. She might appear to breathe or even be warm to
the touch. Supernatural clues are mostly invisible to
normal eyes, unless Disciplines are employed.

Very few Laibon even attempt existences as difficult
as this. Not only does a vampire risk destruction at the
hands of rivals and hunters by forsaking supernatural
power, other Laibon actively regard those who cling so
desperately to lofty mortal rules as weakling cowards or
naive poseurs. It's rare that the vampires who work to
ignore their unnatural qualities were so dedicated in life.
Such humane folk are rarely Embraced in the first place.
Those few undead who do attempt this existence are
typically terrified of somehow becoming a monster wor.


—
> LRRD RES

L fs
a

than they already are. Perhaps they expect to wake up one
day forgiven and free of their curse. Still, it is common for
young Laibon, upon learning of what they are, to take this
position in an almost reactionary defense of their new
condition. Such Laibon must learn to adapt to their state
or suffer as described previously.
Low Aye, Low Orun

An Aye score as low as 5 marks a Laibon with mildly
monstrous characteristics, such as subtle claws or more
pronounced fangs. A lower Aye score brings with it
obvious predatorial features and feral behavior. Such
Laibon might ignore the filth of their own bodies or
pounce on their prey like animals. Claws, obvious fangs
and inhuman hissing is common. In this depraved state,
a vampire's body language is clearly inhuman.

This state is not one that many

ampires aspire to,
st for decades

though some Naglopers are rumored to e
or even centuries like this. Laibon who dwell outside the
social laws of the Tenets are most likely to sink this far,
especially if they have no religious or spiritual motive to
endure as anything but predators. A few Laibon experi-

ence moral breakthroughs through this sort of existence.
Despite their curse, they recognize their lot and strive
against damnation to become something better. Some-
times, a Laibon suddenly realizes how simple it is to
control such feral monsters and strives to attain power
over his former peers.
Average Aye, Average Orun

At the point of balance between Orun and Aye is a
monster of convincing lure and unnatural evil. Such
Laibon pass for mortal in most nighttime conditions,
seeming normal enough at a glance and behaving with
enough self-control to pacify prey. Supernatural clues <

re

obvious upon discovery, such as a hunched back or

slump-shouldered arms, a forked tongue, unhinging jaw

or goat's e

Laibon who manage to reach this sort of equilibrium
in sin can maintain it for untold centuries. This is a
common state for magaji and important elders, because it
combines the ability to move among humans with the
unnerving monstrosity necessary to secure and maintain
followers and supporters. A fair number of Laibon consider
this state to be dishonest and opportunistic. Remorseful
it as a reckless use of damned powers at the

vampires se
expense of mortal lives and self-improvement. More mon-
strous vampires regard balance as shyness and a waste of
vampiric potential. A large portion of newly created Laibon
— still hung up on their prior lives, still shocked by their
curse — start with this kind of moral split.
Low Aye, High Orun

This is the recipe for a menacing undead demon.
Vampires with the lowest Aye scores are truly animals,
bound to mortals as a wolf is bound to sheep. Like wolves,

they are fearsome in appearance and obvious amidst the

85


Rute

a
SA ot aS eager *

flock. High Orun scores reflect the true power of a Laibon
with unnatural displays of supernatural features. The
truth Orun reflects for monsters of this morality is ugly:
tails, hooves, burning footprints, mouths for palms, a
nimbus of unholy radiance, extra rows of teeth and worse.

No one s

todisbelieve in the supernatural.

ses one of these monsters and continues
ibon who exist this
way hunt (sometimes in packs) on the edges of civili-
zation, dragging prey out into the night for feeding
frenzi
by Shango or Osebo executioners on Guruhi orders in
adherence to the Tenets, or they might be led toward
mortal hunters for mutual slaughter. More Laibon
exist in this state than is commonly believed, and a
surprising number retain their human cunning. Such

. These sorts of creatures might be eliminated

monsters subscribe to an ethic that values power,
consumption and survival at any cost. Many of these
gruesome Laibon believe that the purpose of their
curse is to warn the mort
takable carnage. Therefore, they have no regard for

| populace through unmis-

their own humanity, yet enough devotion to their
damnation to maintain their supernatural potency.
High Aye, High Orun

A high Aye score colors the unnatural magnificence
of Orun with exaggerations of moral strength. These

rarest vampires appear unearthly, even angelic, despite
their damnation. The body of such a Laibon might be
impossibly flawless or beautiful, but the highest Orun
score goes beyond that. The creature might literally
illuminate the night, soothe or calm otherwise furious
animals and humans or dispel misery in its presence. For
all that such a wonderful being would seem to have
overcome the curse from Cagn, he still must feed. Mar-
veling mortals might willingly offer up their blood (never
considering the vampiric act monstrous), thus freeing the
feeder from the moral challenge of stealing sustenance.
This sort of Laibon would possess incredible self-restraint

and compassion, after all.

Most Laibon do not accept that such a state is
possible. Stories are told of nearly transcendent Laibon

whose presence cured disease or ended drought. Many of

these stories end with the vampire starving itself to death
and salvation in a demonstration of piety and restraint.
Of course, these stories are told to make Laibon feel weak
in comparison, to undermine and disempower gullible
vampires. To attain this level of moral control, a vampire
would need total insight into the workings of the spiritual
world and utter acceptance of her earthly existence.

SeLF-IMAGE OR SYMBOLISM

The influence th:
body cannot be denied, but neither can the precise
manifestations of Orun and Aye be neatly explained.
Two like-minded Laibon of the same generation and

Laibon's Virtues have on her

legacy with very similar moral codes might still develop
vastly different appearances as a result. Horns do not

always decorate a debauchee.

Elder Laibon maintain that a vampir

appearance
is based on inner factors and occult correlations between
human attitudes and archetypal animals or demons. Such
is often the base for arguments belittling Cainites, who so
closely resemble feeble and mundane mortals because
they have little supernatural significance. More impor-
tantly, the idea that one's appearance is an inescapable,
indecipherable symbolic revelation made by the cursed
blood of Cagn keeps young bloodsuckers focused on the
power of those who came before them. It adds another

layer of mystery that elders can pretend to have pen-
etrated long ago. It's largely propaganda.

Newer Laibon, who as a rule pay more attention to
modern psychology than their ancestors, submit that
one's appearance is based on one's psyche. Wild muta-
tions and deformities reveal the deep trauma inflicted by
the curse of the Embrace. No Laibon is granted power
under this model. Mortal-seeming vampires are ignoring
their plight, denying the terrible truth of their existence.
Monstrous vampires are tormented or demented, shaken

THE:BALANCE

For most Laibon, Orun and Aye cannot exceed
10.when combined. In some cases, however, par-
ticularly potent or enlightened Laibon tfanscend
this limitation. In most cases, this depends uipon
the Laibon's generation, but characters of, Will
power. greater than 7,might"also: develop the
strength of self necessary to harbor such distinct
yet fundamental forces.

Note that, during character creation, the Start-
ing'Laibon's maximum combined Orun + Aye‘is
still 10, regardless of generation. Only by spend:
ing €xperience points (not freebie points) can.the
character exceed her initial limit.

Generation Maximum Conibined
run + Aye

18
15
13
12
11
10+ 10

Also, ackéibon can exceed her generational
combination capacity by one for €very point by
which her Willpower exceeds 7.


or broken by damnation. At best, elders recognize the
appeal of such a modern theory. Some night the young
will overcome their current state, outsmart the curse and
be free of the mystical nonsense. The elders know it's
meant to empower an impotent generation trying to
avoid the consequences of their fate. It's an excuse. Cagn
was not cursed by his psyche.

Neither theory is empirical. No Laibon knows where
the altered body comes from.

For your character, though, you should know. It's not
the other vampires that get real mileage out of the wicked
visage you choose, remember. Stomping through the
World of Darkness in a badass body is a cheap trick. Aim
higher. Describe supernatural manifestations that sym-
bolize some aspect of your character, whether she'll
recognize those symbols or not. Project her fears or ideas

about herself onto her body. Even if your character is
tortured by the incongruity of her appearance to her
intentions, you shouldn't be.

HIERARCHIES OF SIN
AND DEGENERATION

Orun and Aye are both tracked individually using
hierarchies of sin, as are other paths and Humanity. The
differences in these traits is that every Laibon has two

hierarchies of sin to worry about, one each for his Virtues.

Handling the morality and degeneration falls to the
Storyteller, as always, who must be a bit more vigilant
than if her players simply had one track with which to
concern themselves. The benefit is that the Ebony King-

dom characters all observe the same concepts. The
Storyteller applies the hierarchies of sin to all characters,
rather than having to monitor several different hierarchies
for players whose characters observe different Paths of

Enlightenment. Note, also, that some acts might requiring
checking for degeneration of both Orun and Aye, while
strictly following one path might by its nature cause a
character to violate the other. Welcome to duality.

VIRTUES AND ARCHETYPES
The Archetypes are descriptions of your character's
behavior. They have no cost or restrictions in dots and

are never rolled. The Virtues represent your character's
moral fortitude (or flexibility). The strengths of Virtues
are finite and frequently tested. These traits complement
each other. One is the theory, the other is the practice.

It shouldn't be hard, then, to relate your character's
Nature and Demeanor to her Orun and Aye scores. You
need no game system for such a correlation (and it isn't
truly necessary), but finding a conceptual connection
between these two pairs of descriptors could be of great
use to you, the player, especially early on. The explora-
tion of relationships between compared values is the

87

Orun

HIERARCHY OF SIN **ORUN

Moral Guideline

Contradiction of one's undeéad* nature
(refusal.to feed, attempting to' bévactive
during daylight, etc.)

Using one's superatural gifts and pow-
ets for temporal benefit

Acting openly against another Laibon or
supernatural creature

Acting Gut of ptide, greed, gluttony-or
other selfish impul

Failure to observe cultural tradition§
Placing mortalwelfare before the welfate
Of,the Laibon

Acting openly againstanother Laibon or
supernatural creature who deserves it
Ignoring the, will of the gods; spirits
or ancestors

Any.act that endangers the

the- Ebony Kingdom (collusi

Kindred to overthrow a magaji, coopera-
tion with a company to despoil natural
resources, €tc.)

Blasphemy against. the-gods,. spirits
or ancestors.

HIERARCHY OF SIN * AYE
Moral Guideline
Selfish thoughts
Minor selfish acts
Injurytoanother (accidéntal or otherwise)
Theft
Accidental vidlation (drinkir
dry out of starvation)
Intentional property damage
Impassioned violation=(manslaughter,
killing a vessel in frenzy)
Planned violation (outright murder,.sa~
vored exsanguination)
Casual violati6n (thoughtless ‘killing,
feeding past satiation)
Utter pervetsion or heinous.acts

at


heart of many great stories and, abstractly, is the source of
the game system. You explore these concepts of your
character yourself, internally, and no one can override
your findings. Question the effects of your character's
Archetypes on her Virtues. When the game presents
moral obstacles, question them again. See how the rela-
tionships change, or ask yourself why they don't.

There is no fixed relationship between Archetypes
and Virtues in the metaphysical design of the World of
Darkness. A Survivor might be earthy or otherworldly,
an Architect might visualize an actual temple or a spiri-
tual construction. Your character isn't bound by a system
in this matter.

Still, these traits can be related. The possibilities are
just infinite and subjective. The connections you create
between a Martyr and her devilish physique might not
make sense to the rest of the troupe, but they should make
some sense to the character. Nature might correspond to
the character's dominant Virtue, while Demeanor might
allude to the other.

If the idea of exploring these moral issues within your
character excites you, then do it. If the Storyteller is
intrigued by your work, welcome the opportunity to have
these themes reflected in the larger story. By using your
character as a vehicle to explore themes larger than
unlife, she becomes symbolic.

If all of this strikes you as something other than a
good time, ignore it.

BLoop POooL

Characters with no dots in the Generation Back-
ground begin play as 14th-generation Laibon. Like humans
and 13th-generation vampires, the bodies of this "last
generation" hold 10 blood points. Only eight of these
points may be used for vampiric purposes (see Vampire:
The Masquerade, page 138); the bodies of Cagn's most-
distant spawn are so close to a state of mortality that a
reserve of blood is required to keep the body from becom-
ing an outright corpse.

Shoulda 14th-generation Laibon be starved of blood,
the body will continue to consume the last two blood
points as normal. This not only leads to ravenous frenzy-
ing, it sometimes results in rot. Laibon with Aye scores of
8 or above and Orun scores of 3 or less dry out, flake and
otherwise slowly decompose over the two days it takes the
body to burn its final two blood points. With no blood in
their systems, such Laibon are considered to have an
Appearance of 0. Worse, when they next feed, they will
have to endure the awful pain of blood returning to rotten
fingertips and split skin. The undead body does not take
any real damage from this process, though a Storyteller
can require a point of Willpower be spent to act normally
during the scene when a desiccated Laibon's body returns
to normal.

es

MERITS AND FLAWS

Players often use Merits and Flaws backward. A Merit
or Flaw should not be applied in order to open up some
other avenue of roleplaying or character development.
These are powerful distinguishing traits. Having one is a
potent descriptor, but having a handful becomes white
noise. If you wanta character witha fine palate, you should
strive to describe scenes of snooty blood-swishing and
prepare vivid, discriminating dialogue. If you want a char-
acter whose sense of smell is so strong that it nightly affects
his unlife, sending him sniffing through crowds of ravers
after a whiff of familiar hand lotion then you could high-
lighthis Acute Sense. Youdon'tneed areceiptofanguishing
characteristics to validate your character concept.

Social Merits and Flaws might seem essential, given
the distinctly different behaviors of Laibon versus
Camarilla or Sabbat Kindred. Not so. African vampires
are predominantly from Africa and typically dwell within
Africa. Local customs therefore seem normal. Neither
will European vampires need a few Social Flaws applied
when they visit (or are stranded in) the Ebony Kingdom.
Merits and Flaws are not circumstantial. They are not a
license to roleplay the distinguishing quirks your charac-
ter should have anyway. A Social Merit or Flaw should
influence every part of your character's unlife. It shouldn't
be avoidable through witty dialogue or stand in for good
roleplaying. Regard them as a challenge that must be
overcome in every story. If your character's Social Flaw
wouldn't keep a less-dedicated roleplayer from playing
her, then you don't need it.

Although none of the Merits and Flaws listed in
Vampire: The Masquerade are unavailable to the Kin-
dred of Africa, a few have very different applications in
certain regions of the place. Sweeping declarations of
changes to these traits is contrary to their function, so each
Meritand Flaw must be evaluated for each chronicle by the
Storyteller. A guideline here, using the Probationary Sect
Member Flaw, which is indicative of the social difference
between African and European Kindred: Consider ban-
ning this Flaw in Africa. Laibon place such weight on the
origins and loyalties of their brethren that the idea of them
accepting a defector is too extreme to be explained away
with a simple Flaw. The highly inconsistent methods that
Laibon use for organization do not create many circum-
stances where this Flaw could be anything but a big deal.
To be a defector, a character would need to come from a
social group totally outside of the accepted dominance of
the Guruhi. A Malkavian, for example. A complicated,
compelling backstory is a much more suitable way to
explain this sort of relationship, so it's a good example for
new Storytellers of the Ebony Kingdom. You're not en-
titled toextra points just for makingan interesting character
— that's the whole point of roleplaying, anyway.


Many of the traits that vampires fear or regard with
disdain have become more common among the Four-
teenth Generation. Weak-blooded childer plague the
domains, sired by careless young sires with little regard for
the prophetic implications. What would be considered
exploitable flaws by elder Laibon have become common
features of existence for tonight's new blood hunters.

The weights of certain Merits and Flaws are different
for those of thin blood. 14th Generation is not a Flaw for
Laibon characters. It is the norm, surmountable only
with the Generation Background or through liberal
diablerie. Thin Blood becomes a 2-pt. Flaw for 14th-
generation Laibon. Whatever link the elders thought
these two qualities had with each other, they were
exaggerated. This newest age of childer is disgusting, to
be sure — and more likely to be innately frail on the
whole — but they generate large numbers of exceptions
through mass production.

PHYSICAL

WELL-Markep (I-pt. Merit)

You have been ritually scarred as a warrior with a
famous mark of protection and favor. This spot, no more
than two adult handprints wide, is especially tough and
resistant. Unless your enemy knows to avoid the mark,
you enjoy one automatic success on soak rolls.

EartH-Feeber (l- To 3-pt. MERIT)

You area rural Laibon raised to feed on the blood of
certain animals. The spiritual bond you have with such
beasts has altered your curse, so that you manage to draw
extra nourishment from their blood. You can draw
double the blood points, to a maximum of 10 points,
from any mundane animals. For every point you place in
this Merit, you may select another specific species of
animal with which you share the bond. Humans and
supernatural creatures do not qualify. You may select
this Merit only if your Aye score exceeds your Orun
score. The bond is broken if this relationship between
Virtues changes.

Mitx-Fep (2-pr. Merit)

You have been weaned on an evil variant of the
Masai blood-milk. Beyond being able to stomach fluids
other than blood, you can also draw power from the
Laibon warrior-drink, a concoction that raises Strength
and Stamina by one dot each for every three blood points
of the mixture consumed (if you can get your hands on it).

EXxceLLeNtT Tuirst (3-pT. Merit)

Disciplined fasting teases the thirst into more effi-
cient burning of the blood, and you are practiced at doing
this. By letting your blood pool drop to a rating less than
your Stamina and not feeding for at least three nights, you
gain two blood points worth of blood for every one point

you drain from a living vessel the first time you feed
thereafter. With regard to vampiric blood, this technique
doubles only the first point you consume after fasting,
though other (usually overwhelming) effects might re-
sult at the Storyteller's discretion.

MALLEABLE VISAGE (4-pT. MERIT)

Regardless of your Virtues, you can alter the super-
natural features of your appearance to suit your mood or
your plans. By spending a point of Willpower, you can
change the severity of your appearance as based on either
Orun or Aye by temporarily using one scale in place of the
other. Therefore, your footprints might burst suddenly
into flame or your leprous scales might fade away. No
actual values are altered, merely the appearance of the
character to normal vision. The effect lasts for one scene
or until canceled by the player.

It-Marxep (I-pt FLAW)

You have been ritually scarred against your will.
Somewhere on your body is a large marking or collection
of markings at least the size of two adult handprints.
Besides being symbolic of something (but what?) the
mark has left you especially vulnerable in one spot.
Anyone who learns of the mark's purpose gains an auto-
matic success against you in combat.

ConTRARY VISAGE (3-PT. FLAW)

Something about your appearance does not corre-
spond to your Virtues. Worse, you might not even know
why. Most often, moral Laibon with this Flaw seem like
monsters, though it's possible that this Flaw might make
vile isolationists somehow attractive to unwanted par-
ties. Whatever you want, your physical form portrays or
invites the opposite.

Corrupt Emsrace (3-pt. FLAW)

For some supernal reason, your Kiss is cursed. Most of
your attempts to sire or make something your ghoul result
ina monster more foul than anything spawned by Cagn's
curse. Your progeny become brutal, senseless killers hun-
gry for blood and bone within an hour of receiving your
Embrace. With nothing else to feed on, they'll tear
themselves to pieces without understanding why. Any
attempt to Embrace has a one-in-10 chance of being
successful, with all other attempts resulting in aberra-
tions. This Flaw may not be taken by Laibon of 14th
generation or higher.

Fixep GENERATION (3-PT. FLAW)

Your body is so thinly infused with the Curse of Cagn
that its potency cannot be heightened. Your Laibon
spark cannot be stoked for long. Your generation is
permanent, regardless of diablerie. Whatever effects you
would gain from drinking vampiric blood last only a
single scene. Incredibly powerful vampiric blood is even


rejected by your body once the scene is over, usually by
vomiting ash. Only Laibon of the Twelfth Generation
and thinner may have this Flaw.

WrReTCHED EMBRACE (4-pT. FLAW)

You are the progeny of a weak-blooded neonate,
arguably a being of the Fifteenth Generation, more likely
some damned anomaly or the result of sloppy work. Your
vampiric state is incomplete. You're dead and you must
feed on mortal blood, but you're missing some of the
supernatural might that the curse should afford you. You
may never possess more than seven dots worth of Di:
plines in total. Your Attributes may never be raised above
5 except through short-term applications of blood. You
may not sire your own progeny or form blood bonds. You
may not begin the game with any dots in Status.

MENTAL

ForeIGn TAINT (2-pT. FLAW)

Bias, bigotry or overwhelming ignorance stands be-
tween you and any appreciation for your surroundings.
You might be new to the local workings of Africa, or you
might simply be a hundred-year-dead fool. Any action
that requires you to demonstrate respect for distinctive
local customs has its difficulty raised by two. Experience
costs are doubled to learn Abilities or Disciplines that you
would consider indigenous to Africa. Yes, this includes
the local variations of the "Western" Disciplines.

Rurat Fear (3-pt. FLAW)

You have no prior experience with the outdoors
whatsoever. Worse, you have been brought up to believe
that the wilderness is a vast catalog of possible catastro-
phes. Every ticking moment outside brings you closer to
dawn. For you, all outdoor-specific activities (survival,
hunting, even running across certain terrain) have their
difficulties raised by two.

SOCIAL

PLacuep (2-pT. FLAW)

Youare followed everywhere by bad signs, ill omens and
ugly portents. Flocks of inauspicious birds crowd the trees
behind you or yellow-eyed hyenas stalk you everywhere.
Whether or not there are meaningful supernatural effects
(perhaps illustrated with another Flaw), you are sure to be

poorly regarded. This Flaw might be out of place in densely

populated areas, though a clever Storyteller should be able
to adapt this Flaw to more civil environments.

UNFEELING (2-pT. FLAW)

Your heart is dead and you act like it. It's difficult for
you to raise any concern for mortals or other undead,
though you can fake it. You may never roll more dice for
actions involving Charisma or Empathy than you have in
Perception. You must notice something outright as you
have no sense for these things.


SUPERNATURAL

STRANGE Day (5-pT. Merit)

Some bond exists between your blood and the land,
some trace of mortal life left in your flesh. One day a year,
you may walk outdoors in the sunlight. This day usually
falls on the anniversary of some personally or spiritually
significant event (birthday, wedding, miraculous s
vival of a car wreck, etc.), though not necessarily. It
cannot always be planned for. Sometimes you're just
unable to find the undead sleep and know that this is the
day this year. By succeeding at an Aye roll and burningall
your blood, you may force this year's occurrence and

survive the touch of sunlight for a number of hours equal
to your Aye successes. Laibon lower than 13th genera-
tion may not take this Merit.

Eartu-Bounp (3-pT. FLAw)

You are spiritually linked with some place on Earth.
Travel far from this place results in nightmares, lethargy
and madness. Every night you must make a Willpower
roll with a difficulty equal to the number of nights you've
spent away from your spiritual site. Every time you fail
this roll, your Willpower drops by one dot until you return
home. A botch indicates intermittent hysteria, depres-
sion or panic. Two consecutive botches result in frenzy.



Cr Ae eRe OUR:

DISCIPLINES

AND OTHER

exwitT CHER Y~

Our parents used to tell the women who had young
children to cut out a piece of the hartebeest's foot between the
toes, to thread it upon a sinew and make a charm and put it
on the little child. For these are things upon which Kagn sits
and Kagn would smell the thing's scent on the child and would
not press its head.

—Bushman folklore


DISCIPLINES

For the most part, the Disciplines of the Laibon are
identical or nearly identical to those of the Kindred. In
fact, the majority of Discipline powers differ only inname
between Laibon and Kindred. Still, you might notice the
absence of Protean, which Abombwe replaces, and the
supplanting of Thaumaturgy by Assamite Sorcery. Auspex
and Vicissitude also differ somewhat between the Kin-
dred and the Laibon; the Laibon versions are generally
wilder and more primal in performance.

Among the Laibon, views on the origin of the
Disciplines vary. Shango and other religiously minded
Laibon believe that they are gifts from the gods to aid in
performing their work on Earth. Many feel that the
Disciplines are given in exchange for the curse of vampir-
ism. Those who are scientifically minded prefer to
conceptualize their condition as a virus or mutation
consider Disciplines to be a natural outgrowth of their
"disease." Laibon who aren't particularly well educated in
religion or science generally come up with their own
explanation —a favorite is that everything has a positive
and a negative side, and that Disciplines are the positive
side of vampirism. Naturally, those who consider their
abilities to be god-given tend to be much more careful in
when and how they use them. Still, even though others
might be more inclined to using their powers unwisely,
fear of the local magaji or kholo (or their scouts) is usually
enough to deter them.

It'scertainly possible for Kindred and Laibon to learn
each other's Disciplines if they come into contact, but
there isn't much point to it. Ifa player wants his character
to do so anyway, a good guideline is that the first section
of Disciplines that follow can be treated as functionally
identical to their Kindred counterparts. The second
section's Disciplines should be treated as different if the
student already knows another Discipline by the same
name. For example, Kindred Vicissitude and Laibon
Vicissitude should be treated as entirely separate Disci-
plines for the purpose of learning and experience
expenditure. At Storyteller discretion, a character who
hasn't yet reached his greatest possible level of a given
Discipline (for example a 13th-generation vampire with
Auspex 3) may switch mid-stream from the Laibon
version to the Kindred version (or vice versa), provided
he has a willing teacher. Otherwise, he may instead
choose to start at the beginning.

This chapter focuses first on the Disciplines that
remain entirely or mostly unchanged between the Kin-
dred and the Laibon. Next are the Disciplines that
change significantly between the Ebony Kingdom and
the outside world. Last will be a treatment of the indig-
enous magical systems of Africa, most of which are usable
by both mortals and Laibon.

wire eR —
SIMILAR DISCIPLINES

The majority of Disciplines remain unchanged be-
tween the outside world and the Ebony Kingdom. Still,
the focus of some of these Disciplines is different, even if
the powers remain the same, and local reactions to many
of the powers are different from those in the West. Asa
result, many Discipline powers have different names
among Laibon than they do among the Kindred. Some
alternative uses for established powers are also detailed
here for powers that might be used creatively in the
wilder areas of Africa. For ease of use, individual powers
are not reprinted here; instead, page references in Vam-
pire or other books are given when necessary.

ANIMALISM

Animalism is best known as a power of the
Akunanse, though Guruhi, Kinyonyi and Naglopers
also show a talent for the Discipline. Akunanse most
often use it for purposes of survival, while Guruhi and
Kinyonyi sometimes summon animals to act as messen-
gers. Naglopers often to use it to hail potential subjects
for their twisted experiments.

Animalism functions identically in the Ebony King-
dom as it does in the outside world. It's common for
Laibon to call upon the gods or upon animal spirits when
summoning or commanding animals.

Among Laibon, the powers of Animalism are known
as Animal Speech, The Call, Pacify, Ride the Beast and
Bestial Vengeance.

CELERITY

This Discipline is responsible in large part for the
Ishtarri's reputation as great warriors, and for the Osebo's
effectiveness as scouts and messengers. It is also at least
part of the reason the Shango command such fear and
respect among other Laibon. Among other clans, the
Discipline is used for both combat and enhanced travel
speed. When used for travel, Celerity allows the user to
runataspeed equal to[(1 + his Celerity rating) times that
of his normal running speed] for up to an hour per blood
point spent. If the user enters a battle while running, he
is considered to have already activated Celerity for the
first round of combat only, regardless of the number of
blood points spent for travel.

CHIMERSTRY

Unique to the Kinyonyi, Chimerstry has taken on a
different role in the Ebony Kingdom than it has else-
where. Because the Kinyonyi do not have the same
association with the Romaas do the Ravnos, their role in
the Ebony Kingdom is as mercenaries and facilitators
rather than the roles more traditionally associated with
the Deceivers. Asa result of this difference, other Laibon
do not automatically assume that Chimerstry is an illu-
sionary power. Rather, most consider it to be the


OF reg

PF mma

own particular brand of sorcery, perhaps bet-

Kinyonyi
ter suited to conjuration than that of the Shango, but
even more mysterious and seldom used.

The Kinyonyi perpetuate this idea, as it helps them
avoid that constant thorn in the side of the Chimerstry
user — disbelief. Of course, Auspex can still pierce
Chimerstry creations as normal, but even in this case, it's
more common for the Auspex user to notice that some-
thing is "not quite right" or "transparent" about the
object being viewed than the fact that it's necessarily an
illusion. Disbelief is most common when the Kinyonyi
performs "magic" without the proper components —
without using a focus, gestures, special words and soon —
and someone with knowledge of Occult happens to be
watching. Savvy Kinyonyi adopt an African style for
their Chimerstry to avoid these difficulties.

The powers of Chimerstry are known in the Ebony
Kingdom as Minor Conjuration, Major Conjuration,
Summon Life, Permanency and Phantasmagoria.

DEMENTATION

Dementation is most likely the reason many Laibon
find the Malkavians so distasteful. Beyond simple mad-
ness, many Laibon believe that insanity is caused by
possession by malicious spirits. The power to invite such
spirits into a person's body at will is just as repulsive to
these Laibonas controlling the spirits of the dead through
Necromancy. Even the Malkavian clan's peculiar form of
insight is often seen as no more than a power of the
demons inhabiting them, which could be why so few
magaji or kholo will even have them as advisors.

To those who know of them, the powers of
Dementation have the same names in the Ebony King-
dom as elsewhere.

DOMINATE

Among the major legacies, only the Xi Dundu pos-
sess Dominate, and the Ventrue presence in the Ebony
Kingdom is weak enough that for all intents and pur-
poses, Dominate is unique to the Xi Dundu. Small wonder,
then, that the Xi Dundu are feared and disliked by most
other legacies, for they possess not only power over
shadow, but also the ability to command their enemies
against their will. No doubt this power has helped im-
mensely in the Xi Dundu's inexorable rise to prominence
in the Ebony Kingdom, and the Guruhi's lack of it has
made retaining control all the more difficult. Naturally,
the Xi Dundu prefer allies who cooperate of their own
free will, but those who refuse to cooperate can always be
turned into conditioned soldiers or bodyguards.

Among Laibon, the powers of Dominate are known
as Command, Servitude, Sculpt the Memory, Erase the
Mind and Orisha's Ride (after the ability of Yoruba gods
to "tide" and control their followers).

=a

ea

FortiTuDE

Whatever else can be said about them, the Akunanse
and Kinyonyi generally become quite tough in their
travels. No one is really sure how the Ishtarri came by this
Discipline, except perhaps in their migration to the
Ebony Kingdom, but they possess it as well. Fortitude in
the Ebony Kingdom is usually considered to be an exten-
sion of the vampiric condition — all vampires are tough,
and some are just tougher than others. It's natural that
those who travel through perilous areas or often engage
in battle will develop a certain vigor, and Storytellers
might even consider allowing characters of other clans to
develop Fortitude (or the other physical Disciplines)
without a teacher if their unlife demands it. Not all
vampiric Disciplines need be taught by another Laibon;
some can be learned by experience alone.

NECROMANCY
Those unaccustomed to the fourfold souls of abombo
(African wraiths) often have trouble controlling them.
(Mechanically, an inexperienced Kindred suffers a +2
penalty to the difficulty of rolls to use Necromancy on the
ghosts of indigenous Africans.) Former slave traders, the
Ghiberti Giovanni combined elements of their prior
profession and their unwholesome sorcery to create a
path of Necromancy that made the enslavement of
Ebony Kingdom wraiths easier to accomplish. Studying
the strange powers of African wraiths, the Ghiberti
learned to trace wraiths and bind them. Note that few (if
any) Giovanni who are not members of the Ghiberti
family have access to the knowledge of how to compel
abombo, much less mastery of the Cenotaph Path.

The Cenotaph Path is largely indistinguishable from
its forebear, the Path of Abombo. It is printed here, as it
originally appears in Clanbook: Giovanni, for the sake of
completeness of this book. Although the names change,
the effects remain the same.

The study and control of the spirits of the dead in the
Ebony Kingdom is the sole province of the Mla Watu (save
those few Shango who also choose to study it, often against
the counsel of their superiors). The legacy has long studied
death, and its approach to the study of ghosts reflects this
preoccupation. Mla Watu begin with the Mortuus Path
(see p. 108 of the Guide to the Sabbat), and most focus on
the Path of Abombo or the Bone Path afterward. Con-
versely, the Shango who study Necromancy usually begin
with the Sepulchre Path, followed by study of the Ash
Path. Rumors exist of yet another, albeit secret, path that
allows the user to feed upon the very essence of ghosts, but
if any of the Mla Watu know of it, they aren't telling.

The majority of Necromancy powers are known by the
same names in the Ebony Kingdom as elsewhere, though
Shango practitioners have their own names for them. The
only main difference is in the final power of the Mortuus
Path, which is usually used to inflict a disease similar to
smallpox and is therefore known as Shokpono's Touch.


Reve

Rrra.

Deine

ed I eA A OE
PSST LETS ARE

OBFuUSCATE

Obfuscate is most common among Shango and Fol-
lowers of Set, although Malkavians possess it as well.
Shango usually use it to watch over their domains and
weed out possible traitors, while Setites are fond of using
it to learn secrets about their rivals, as well as to aid them
in searching for artifacts and ancient lore. As for the
Malkavians, most Laibon are thankful that they disap-
pear from time to time.

Laibon who study such things know that Obfuscate
is not true invisibility, instead simply causing those
around the user not to notice him. As a result, many
Shango and Followers of Set call upon their god before
using the Discipline, asking for the help of Shango (or
Set) in not being discovered. At the Storyteller's discre-
tion, a particularly earnest supplication to a god might
increase the difficulty of detecting the Laibon by one.

The powers of Obfuscate are known in the Ebony
Kingdom as Cutthroat's Stealth, Hide in Plain Sight,
Trusted Friend, Disappear and Blinded Eye.

OBTENEBRATION

If Dominate adds to the Xi Dundu's bad reputation
among other Laibon, Obtenebration is the fount from
which it springs. As if it weren't bad enough that Xi
Dundu lack a shadow — an integral part of the soul,
according to many African religions — they command
shadow itself with their unnatural power. Many Laibon
consider the Xi Dundu to be soul thieves just like the
Nkulu Zao, snatching and harnessing the souls of oth-
ers to power their foul shadow magic. Since most Xi
Dundu care little about their reputation, these rumors
are widespread.

It might seem that since the Xi Dundu lack a
shadow rather than a reflection like the Lasombra, it
could be possible to circumvent the clan weakness
through use of this Discipline. That's true toa point, but
Xi Dundu attempting to do so soon learn there's more to
their new "shadow" than they might expect. Since
shadows created by Obtenebration are unnatural, they
do not respond normally to light, and one conjured to
circumvent the legacy's weakness usually tries to be as
obvious as possible, dancing around, changing shape
without explanation, and flitting about the heels of
those who step near it. The Xi Dundu's player makes a
Manipulation + Occult roll (difficulty 7) to keep the
shadow in check for one scene. For every hour it re-
mains, however, the Xi Dundu's player must make
another roll, with difficulty increased by one each hour.
If he fails, the shadow runs wild; if he botches, it goes
berserk, attacking its creator and anyone else in the area
as if it were an Arm of the Abyss. The shadow continues
attacking until either it or its creator is destroyed.

POTENCE

Potence accounts for much of the force through
which the Guruhi have maintained supremacy in the
Ebony Kingdom, and by which the Osebo have helped
them. Unfortunately, the Xi Dundu also possess it and
have also used it to great advantage in their attempts to
seize influence. Because mortals are seldom a concern in
the deep forests, epic battles have sometimes occurred
between rivals with Potence, using trees as weapons or
hurling great stones. The more primal focus of the Ebony
Kingdom often allows Laibon to use Potence more openly
than they could elsewhere, with often devastatingly
brutal results.

PRESENCE

One of the most important powers in maintaining
the power structure of the Ebony Kingdom, Presence is a
staple in the repertoires of Guruhi and Ishtarri in every
domain. Followers of Set likewise find it useful in swaying
servants and in gaining new ones. As for the Ventrue,
though many Laibon hate them, the few who have met
one have often come away feeling that the legacy should
nonetheless be respected, and Presence is likely the
reason behind this sudden change of heart. In a land
where influence is key and protocol is often more impor-
tant than justice, Presence can sometimes mean the
difference between maintaining order and allowing chaos
to set in within a domain. Some Laibon have speculated
(quietly, of course), that the Guruhi would have fallen
from power long ago without it.

The powers of Presence are commonly known among
Laibon as Respect, Banishment, Regal Air, Call the
Servant and Majesty.

SERPENTIS

Serpentis in the Ebony Kingdom is much the same
as Serpentis elsewhere — it fits with and helps reinforce
the Setites' reputation as snakes and as corrupters. With
its Egyptian focus, Serpentis also suggests to many
Laibon that the Followers of Set consider themselves
superior, being descended from what's supposed to have
been the greatest civilization in history, which, coinci-
dentally, might very well have been run by "white"
people. Still, not all Setites are white, and the Discipline's
particular effects vary depending on the beliefs and
predilections of the user. Some say that a small group‘of
Setites who worship Set as Aido-Hwedo, the Rainbow
Serpent of the Dahomey people, even manifest rainbow
eyes and scales when using Eyes of the Serpent and later
transformative powers.

With possible local exceptions, the powers of
Serpentis are known by the same names in the Ebony
Kingdom as elsewhere.


"a ¥
EGS

—
S Z,
ys Zz
LAIR ES e
=

CHANGED & New DIscIPLiNes

The following Disciplines are significantly different
from Kindred Disciplines of the same names (or, in the
case of Abombwe, unique to the Ebony Kingdom). Kin-
dred who wish to learn these Disciplines may do so either
as entirely new Disciplines, or as new powers to ref
their Western counterparts. The one exception is
Abombwe, which (if a Kindred is ever lucky enough to
find a teacher) is always treated new Discipline. At
the Storyteller's discretion, ifa character who already has
Protean wants to learn Abombwe, the character's expe-
rience points spent in Protean are removed, halved and
applied toward Abombwe. Be aware, though that this
implies that Abombwe is, in fact, the older power —
which isn't necessarily true. (But that's why it's a Story
teller option.) Again, at her discretion a character who
knows Abombwe may use the opposite system to gain
mastery of Protean.

ABOMBWE

Unique to the Akunans
Discipline in the truest sense of the word, for in addition
to the animal kingdom, it also confers a
heightened awareness and control of the user's Beast.
Akunanse are known for both their jungle experience
and their overall wisdom, and their control over fr

, Abombwe is a

to closenes:

s to the air of wisdom they
project. Some Laibon believe that the Akunanse learn
control of their own Beasts by studying and emulating the

aininga level of instinct
unknown to other Laibon. Some believe that the power
focused almost entirely on control over the Beast in the
past, but in its current form, it blends this with transfor-
mative abilities, possibly learned from outsiders during
the Dark Ages, when some Akunanse ventured into
Europe. For their part, the Akunanse tend toward humble
silence on these question:

In addition to the powers detailed here, Abombwe
gives an additional measure of control against the Beast.
When rolling to resist frenzy or Rétschreck, a character's
rating in Abombwe adds to her dice pool. If the character
succeeds, she does not enter frenzy or Rétschreck. With
fewer than three successes, however, ne must continue
to placate her Beast by "tithing" it one point of blood
each time she spends blood for the rest of the night. If she
ed, the Beast overpowers her defenses, and
she may not use her Abombwe to resist frenzy or
Rétschreck for the rest of the night.

does not suc

* PREDATOR''S COMMUNION

The Akunanse uses her Be: todetect
other Beasts in the area. This applies to vampires and other
supernatural creatures, so results can be ambiguous, but it


sallow detection of hidden creaturesat times. Akunanse
most often use this power to detect potential threats before
entering a new area or settling in to rest at sunrise.

System: The player spends a blood point. For the rest
of the scene, the character can sense other Beasts in the
area (including other vampires, shapeshifters, ghosts,
predatory animals and mortals and ghouls with Human-
ity scores of 4 or less). The character automatically knows
if another Beast is in the vicinity. To pinpoint the
location (or to find a hidden character by "sniffing out"
its Beast), the player rolls Perception + Survival (diffi-
culty 6, modified by the strength of the Beast, as
determined by the Storyteller). Stronger Beasts (from
evil ghosts or vampires with low path ratings, for ex-

ample) are generally easier to detect than weaker ones.

** INVOKING THE BEAST

By calling upon the feral nature of her Beast, the
Akunanse temporarily takes on one characteristic of a
particular animal. Akunanse use this power to tempo-
rarily grow claws, poison glands, wings, exoskeletons or
nearly any other minor feature they can imagine. These
modifications aren't always fully functional — wings
are only useful for slowing a fall or gliding a short
distance, for example — but still, this power has helped
save quite a few Akunanse who found themselves in
difficult situations.

System: Invoking the Beast is similar to Feral Claws,
but with a broader focus. If used to grow claws, they inflict
Strength + 1 lethal damage (not aggravated) and reduce
climbing difficulties by two, but the power can also be
used to create other small appendages (only one at a
time). The transformation takes one turn and requires
expenditure of one blood point. For anything particularly
exotic (such as poison glands, wings or webbed toes), the
Storyteller may require an Intelligence + Survival roll
(difficulty 7) to correctly manifest the desired feature. A
botch on this roll still results in the creation of the desired
item, but along with it come several permanent cosmetic
changes (scales, skin markings, gills, hair, etc.).

ful, not cinematic, and
Storytellers are encouraged to use any overly wild sugges-
tions creatively. Despite the origin of their legacy's name,
Akunanse should not be seen swinging from the trees and
buildings with this power like a certain comic-book
superhero. In most cases, weight is the easiest solution to
this problem. Spider silk isn't nearly strong enough to
hold a 150-plus pound Laibon, and no set of wings could
possibly support one in flight, either.

This power is meant to be

eee UNSEEN HIBERNATION

This power is likely the reason so many Akunanse are
able to survive the harsh forests, jungles and savannas of
the Ebony Kingdom without so much asa tent ora hut to
protect them from the sunlight during the day. Unseen

eos 98 eee

Hibernation allows an Akunanse to use the natural world
as a temporary haven, taking sanctuary in a tree, a rock
formation, even the ground. Mystically fusing herself
into a chosen resting spot, the Akunanse becomes hid-
den from both the physical and the astral planes, protecting
her while she slumbers during the day.

System: Mechanics for this power are identical to
the Protean power Earth Meld, but the Laibon may
choose any stationary natural formation or plant in
addition to the ground. Trees and rock formations are the
most popular alternative choices. Some prefer to use
caves, particularly those where lions or other predatory
animals live. Anything sculpted by man is no longer
considered "natural" for the purposes of this power, so
rock sculptures or wooden dwellings are not an option. A
tree with carvings in it is probably (Storyteller discre-
tion) still usable, though. If the Laibon's resting-place is
disturbed (by axe, pick or whatever means), she is ex-
pelled the same way as with Earth Meld, usually destroying
the tree or rock formation in the process.

Devit-CHANNEL
One of the most mysterious and powerful abilities of
the Akunanse, Devil-Channel is the ability to harness
the Beast by imbuing its power into a specific part of the
body. Depending on which part of the body he chooses to
imbue, a variety of different abilities may be gained.

System: The player spends two blood points. All diffi-
culties to avoid frenzy increase by one because the Beast is
literally very close to the surface. The Beast manifests as a
film of black, clotted blood that cakes the affected body part.
Only one power can be activated at one time.

Storytellers are encouraged to cooperate with players
tocreate their own manifestations of the Devil-Channel.
Examples of use include:

Hands: The Laibon inflicts aggravated damage with
punches. The power lasts for the scene.

Head: The Laibon gains the ability to see perfectly in
normal darkness and a-2 difficulty to seeing in supernatu-
ral forms of darkness. He can also spit [Dexterity +
Athletics (difficulty 7)] a toxin that paralyzes whichever
of an enemy's limbs it touches — which the target may
resist with a straight Stamina roll (difficulty 7). This
power lasts for the scene.

Back: The Laibon sprouts four evil-looking "spider
legs" from his back. These legs provide two additional
actions if used to grapple or attack. Any attempts to climb
automatically succeed, and attempts to escape by run-
ning are at -2 difficulty. This power lasts for the scene.

Legs: The Laibon inflicts aggravated damage with
kicks. He can also leap up to 10 times his normal jumping
distance. He also receives -1 difficulty to landing without
hurting himself (on rolls requiring Dexterity + Athlet-
ics). This power lasts for the scene.


|
|
|

Throat: The Laibon can roar. Mortals (and ghouls)
flee unless they succeed on Courage rolls (difficulty 9).
Players of supernatural creatures must make successful
Courage rolls (difficulty 8), lest their characters become
weak with terror (all dice pools reduced to half, rounded
up). This effect lasts for the scene.

PREDATOR'S TRANSFORMATION

By slaying a creature and drenching herself in its
blood, the Akunanse can enshroud herself in the creature's
Beast. Doing so allows the Akunanse to transform herself
into the slain creature. Laibon who wish to transform
into a particular type of creature often use this power in
conjunction with Animalism. After learning to trans-
form into a certain type of creature, skilled Akunanse can
even re-create the transformation later without slaying
another of the same type of beast. Thus do the Akunanse
become true masters of shapeshifting.

System: The Laibon must anoint herself with the
creature's blood then successfully invite the spirit of the
creature into herself [requiring a Charisma + Occult roll
(difficulty 7)]. If successful, the Laibon transforms physi-
cally into that creature. The creature in question must
have at least one blood point's worth of vitae (that is, it
must be at least as large as a cat or large bird) and must be
a predatory or omnivorous animal (no elephants or
thinos). The blood must be fresh. The Laibon gains all
physical traits of the creature (so a Laibon transformed
into a vulture can fly, and a vampire transformed into a
leopard has claws and increased speed). Humans and
supernatural creatures may be duplicated in this fashion,
though such changes are limited to appearances (no
Disciplines or other supernatural powers are gained from
ich transformations). The transformation lasts until
sunrise or until the Laibon "sheds" the skin he's taken.

A Laibon may also attempt to duplicate a previous
transformation without slaying another creature. Doing
so requires an Orun roll (difficulty 10), with difficulty
reduced by one for each time the Laibon has killed and
transformed into a creature of that type (down to a
minimum difficulty of 7). For mortals and vampires, this
means that the Laibon may become only an "average"
member of his victim's particular ethnic group or legacy,
unless the player succeeds on the roll at difficulty 10 (in
which case, a previous transformation is completely
duplicated in every way).

A\uSPEX.

Auspex in the Ebony Kingdom functions slightly
differently from elsewhere. Rather than progressively
increasing a vampire's senses (from the physical to the
psychic), it gradually imparts a connection to the ghostly
realms. Some Laibon have suggested that the barrier
between the physical world and the Underworld is thin-
ner inthe Ebony Kingdom than elsewhere. Others believe

that the Laibon's closeness to death allows them to learn
me of the abilities of the true dead — ghosts and the
like. Whatever the true reason is, though, Auspex is
somewhat more mysterious and less defined in the Ebony
Kingdom, making it both more flexible and less predict-
able than the Auspex of the Kindred. The Discipline can
still be used simply for increasing one's senses or reading

auras, but even in these cases, sometimes it reveals
lingering phantoms as well.

Like Western Auspex, Ebony Kingdom Auspex does
have caveats. Loud noises or bright lights still have the
potential to deafen or blind characters using Ancestors'
Vigilance, with a Willpower roll (difficulty 4) necessary
to ignore them. Difficulty should still be adjusted based
on how extreme the stimulus is. In addition, a botch on
an attempt to perceive ghosts with Auspex will often
alert malicious spirits that the character is trying to peer
into their world, usually with unpleasant results.

In the Ebony Kingdom, the Naglopers use Auspex to
greatest advantage in their work, as do the Mla Watu.
Osebo often find it to be useful in their tasks as scouts or
guards. Malkavians and Nkulu Zao likely also find it
useful, but both legacies are rare enough that it's not
known how they generally use the Discipline. It's not
uncommon for Akunanse to learn it in their travels, as
well, since it helps in traveling the fractious domains,
from desert to forest.

A high Perception is still very helpful in using
Auspex, but some amount of Occult or Lore can also be
useful depending on the application. On any Perception-
based Auspex roll, five or more successes reveal any
ghosts (and possibly nature spirits as well) in the area,
whether or not the character was specifically looking for
them. These spirits appear in their normal form, but they
seem insubstantial to the Laibon and the surroundings
can still be viewed through them.

* ANCESTORS VIGILANCE

It's not uncommon in traditional African religion to
invoke the ancestors — spirits of departed chiefs or great
warriors — to watch over young children or areas of great
significance to a tribe. Most of these tribes believe that
death grants the ancestor a clarity of vision (and of the
other senses as well) unknown in the living world.
Whether or not such is truly the case, Laibon with
Auspex seem to have inherited a similar ability; hence
the name of this power.

Although it's possible to invoke the ancestors quickly
with little ceremony, many Laibon consider such an act
to be sacrilege. The vast majority perform some kind of
ritual that lasts at least a few minutes, asking the ances-
tors to lend their power (and thanking them for their
graciousness afterward). Even Christian Laibon are likely
to recite a prayer to the saints or to a particular angel
(Samael is a favorite) asking for aid. It might not be


technically necessary, but the practice is widespread
among Laibon nonetheless, and many believe that those
who invoke the ancestors without properly thanking
them will eventually incur their wrath and meet with a
violent demise.

System: The primary use of this power is identical to
Heightened Senses. It extends the senses of the user,
aiding in tracking, observation and the like. It can affect
normal Perception rolls, as well as rolls to notice those
hidden with Obfuscate or some other supernatural power,
and finally notice immediate threats. Storytellers should
use their own discretion as to whether such a use reduces
difficulties (usually by the user's Auspex rating) or adds to
the dice pool instead.

In addition to mimicking Heightened Senses, this
power has several secondary uses. First is the ability to use
it to perceive ghosts. While Kindred can scan for ghosts
using Aura Perception, Laibon can pinpoint their loca-
tion and actually see how they appear. Trying to do so
deliberately requires a Perception + Occult roll (diffi
culty 9), so it's actually more likely that a Laibon will
accidentally run across ghosts by getting five successes on
a different Perception-based roll than that he'll succeed
when trying deliberately to see them. Such is the nature
of Auspex in the Ebony Kingdom.

The other main difference is that Laibon can exert
more control over which senses they choose to affect
with this power. When activating Ancestors' Vigi-
lance, each success on an Orun roll (difficulty 6) allows
the Laibon to select one sense to be unaffected by the
power. This might seem counterproductive at first, but
with four successes, a Laibon can choose to use only one
sense. Savvy Akunanse and Osebo have used this ability
to heighten only smell, allowing them to track their
quarry without risking being blinded or deafened by an
unfortunate accident.

e* SENSE VIBRATIONS

According to a fair number of people in the psychic
and paranormal communities, ghosts are separated from
the physical world only by vibrations. Because their
substance vibrates at a different rate from physical mat-
ter, ghosts are unable to affect or manifest in the physical
world unless or until they learn to control the rate of their
vibration. Some also believe that once they do attain this
precise control, ghosts are able to read information about
others from their vibrations or emanations (sometimes
referred to as their aura). Laibon who study Auspex learn
a similar ability as their skill in Auspex increases.

Once learned, this power is always active unless the
Laibon possessing it consciously chooses to ignore the
vibrations of those around him. Similar to the Western
power Aura Perception, Sense Vibrations gives an idea
ofa person's current emotional state. It also yields basic

information on the subject's supernatural ability, but
unlike Aura Perception, it does not reveal the type of
creature — only whether or not it has supernatural
abilities and generally how powerful it might be. Sense
Vibrations also does not allow detection of diablerie,
though it can be used to detect the emanations of
unseen creatures.

System: Because it's always active, Sense Vibrations
does not normally require a roll. When active, it provides
the user with the ability to discern the current emotional
state of anyone in the immediate vicinity, once per scene
per person. An Orun roll can be used to deactivate it for
one scene. The base difficulty is 6, modified by how many
people are present. (Having more people increases the
difficulty because of a greater volume of emanations.) To
discern more complex information about motivations,
mixed emotions and possible reasons for them, the player
may roll Perception + Empathy (difficulty 7).

Unlike Aura Perception, this power reads only the
strongest "vibration" from its targets. Only the most
passionate feeling registers when this power is used, and
the subtleties and nuances of Aura Perception are a
refinement unknown in the Ebony Kingdom.

Spirit Ties

Along with the theory of vibrations goes the theory
of psychic residue. Many people believe that the emana-
tions of a person at a particular moment become fused
into any object he or she touches during that time.
Objects of special significance to a person often collect
many different emanations, becoming charged with a
resonance relating to their owner. Some believe that
such resonance is stored on the ghostly plane of vibra-
tions, in the same space the objects occupy in the physical
world, and knowledgeable Shango have confirmed that
these lingering energies are sometimes strong enough to
draw ghosts back to objects that seem important to them
in life. The third level of Auspex allows a Laibon to read
these psychic "fingerprints" left on objects, and often to
learn far more than just the emotional state of the person
who left them. Except for those with exceptional super-
natural prowess, most Laibon must enter a light trance for
a few minutes to gain this information. During this time,
they are only partially aware of their surroundings, but a
loud noise or other strong sensation is enough to rouse
them from it.

Many Laibon of traditional African religions believe
that this ability harnesses the power of the sympathetic
bond, the same principle best known for use in the
"voodoo dolls" of popular culture. The idea is that a bond
forms between a person and something he owns, however
briefly. Length of ownership strengthens this bond, as
does proximity. In other words, parts of the body hold far
more information than inanimate objects. A lock of hair,


|
|
|
|
i

a tooth or even a small puddle of blood can el more
information toa well-trained Laibon than evena person's
most dearly held possession would.

System: When used on normal objects, this power is
functionally identical to The Spirit's Touch (see p. 151
of Vampire: The Masquerade). When used on parts of
the body or blood, roll Perception + Medicine. The
difficulty varies by how old the item is and how much
pain was involved in its removal. Gleaning useful infor-
mation from a lock of hair that was cut in a barber shop
would be difficulty 9, while a finger that was recently
severed in battle might have a difficulty of only 5. Body
parts or blood used in this way are best when fresh —dried
blood or rotten flesh should increase the difficulty of the
attempt dramatically, maybe even preventing it entirely.
Information gained from body parts is usually more im-
mediate than that from objects, generally concerning the
circumstances under which the item was removed, who
did it and possibly the reasons (depending on the number
of successes). Laibon with Orun 8 or greater need not
enter a trance to use this power. Their skill is such that
they gain the information from the object instantly.

sees ANCESTORS INSIGHT

One of the most renowned powers of the ancestors is
speaking directly to the minds of their tribes, and to learn
their deepest desires and secrets. Many tribes' coming-of-
age rituals include some kind of vision quest, during
which the ancestors use this ability to induce trances of
wisdom and self-discovery. As they progress in the pow-
ers of Auspex, the Laibon learn to mimic the ancestors'
ability to speak to and listen to the thoughts of others.
Like Ancestors' Vigilance, Ancestors' Insight is often
accompanied by prayers invoking the spirits and asking
for their aid.

Although this power is similar in many ways to the
Kindred power Telepathy, Ancestors' Insight has one
subtle but important additional use. Beyond communica-
tion or finding secrets buried in the depths of the psyche,
the power also allows thoughts to be planted in the mind
of the target. It's a difficult and delicate process, but with
practice, a Laibon skilled in Auspex can rival one with
Dominate, commanding her subjects through impulses
that they believe to be their own. This ability is part of
why the Naglopers are so feared in the Ebony Kingdom.

System: Ancestors' Insight may be used identically
to Telepathy for mental communication or digging for
information in someone else's mind, and like Telepathy,
it requires Willpower expenditure to affect the undead.
Once the character is inside someone's mind, the player
rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge (difficulty equal to [L0-
the subject's Orun], or Willpower [for characters who
have no Orun]) to planta single thought that the subject

will take to be his or her own. This effect might be
immediate, or it might be triggered by a future event (the
next time the subject goes to a certain place or speaks to
a particular person, for example). A failure on this roll
alerts the target that someone is trying to manipulate his
thoughts. A botch hits the user with psychic feedback,
inflicting four dice of lethal damage and paralyzing the
user for a number of turns equal to (10 — his Stamina).

esoee SPIRIT TRAVEL

One of the best-known abilities of the truly dead is
the ease with which they are able to travel. Most people
believe that ghosts are able to walk through nearly any
barrier in the physical world, excepting only those chap
are magically barred to ghosts. Many hav
that since ghosts are thoughts freed from their physical
bodies, they might be able to travel as quickly as they can
imagine, so at a nearly limitless speed. The final power of
Auspex confers both abilities to a Laibon, allowing
expedited travel through the spirit realms. In most cases,
however, the transformation into a ghost is only a virtual
one, leaving behind a soulless husk of the user's body.
With some difficulty, it is possible to transform oneself
into a ghost entirely, bringing one's body into the spirit
world, but if he is defeated there, a Laibon doing so is
destroyed completely.

Use of this power projects the user into the astral
plane, a plane between the physical and the Under-
world, so that she can view both but (usually) affect
neither. If the Laibon using the power has a great
enough knowledge of the Underworld, though, she can
try to travel toa specific realm or area within it, or even
to other, more distant spirit realms. According to some,
it might even be possible to travel to the realms of the
gods in this way, though such a journey is rarely under-
taken (and never lightly).

System: In most cases, Spirit Travel is identical to
Astral Projection, but the user is able to view both the
physical world and the Underworld at all times while
projecting. If the user is trying to travel toa particulararea
of the Underworld or the spirit realms (if you're using
Mage or Werewolf, this does mean a Laibon can travel to
specific sections of the Umbra), roll Orun (difficulty 10
— the character's Occult). When using Spirit Travel, a
Laibon may attempt to bring his physical body along with
him, rather than leaving it behind and vulnerable in the
physical world. Doing so requires a roll of Wits + Medi-
tation (difficulty equal to the user's Aye score). A failure
onany roll related to the use of this power cuts off the user
from the spirit realms in every way for the rest of the
scene, while a botch casts him into a particularly danger-
ous area of the Underworld, possibly with his physical
body with him.

moe 10) osc so


Because of the transformative nature of this power,
Laibon who are projecting using Spirit Travel do not
have a silver cord. Instead, they should be seen as
having health levels equal to their Orun score, and if
destroyed, they snap back to their physical body, taking
lethal damage equal to that suffered while on the astral
plane. If the user takes his body with him into the astral
plane, destruction there is permanent and irreversible.
When using this power for purposes of travel, follow the
guidelines under Astral Projection (see p. 152 of Vam-
pire). A Laibon may also attempt to discorporate and
re-form at any location familiar to him. Doing so re-
quires an Orun roll (base difficulty 8), and is possible
only for locations that the Laibon has visited previ-
ously, either in the physical world or astrally. Attempts
to travel or manifest in a warded location result in
appearance just outside the edge of the ward. For the
purposes of wards, projecting Laibon are considered to
be vulnerable to both wards against Kindred or Laibon
and to those against ghosts or spirits.

Dur-An-Ki

The sorcery of the Shango works much like West-
ern Thaumaturgy. Assamite Sorcery, which is similar
to Dur-An-Ki first appeared in Blood Magic: Secrets
of Thaumaturgy, while Dur-An-Ki first appeared in
Blood Sacrifice: The Thaumaturgy Companion. Two
of the more common paths are printed here, for the
sake of this book's completeness, though players and
Storytellers who wish to expand the base of Shango
magic are encouraged to seek more information in
those other volumes.

When practiced in the Ebony Kingdom, Dur-An-
Ki paths require the expenditure of one blood point and
an Orun roll, in which the difficulty equals the power's
level + three. Failure indicates that the effect does not
come to be, while a botch costs the character a perma-
nent Aye point.

Dur-An-Kialso includes the ability to create and use
rituals, though none are included here. See the afore-

mentioned companion volumes for advice on this subject.

Tue Evi Eve

African people have feared the Evil Eye since time
immemorial. To look upona person or object with malice
or envy can inflict a curse upon them. Surprise or admi-
ration may have the same effect, and so a person who
delivers praise exorcises the potential evil with an excla-
mation of "God is great!" or "What the spirits will!" Some
people possess a powerful Evil Eye whether they want it
or not. Such people can kill animals with a careless word
or glance, shatter stone, or in extreme cases make a
person's eyes explode out of his head.

Naturally, Laibon sorcerers had to claim such a
formidable power. The Path of the Evil Eye inflicts a
variety of calamities upon its victims. Although the
powers take little time to use, the effects might take hours
or nights to manifest, and the sorcerer often does not
know or control the exact nature of the curse.

The powers of this path do not cumulate. While
affected by a curse, a victim becomes immune to further
use of that specific power by that specific vampire. For
instance, if a Shango inflicted a peril on a victim, he
could not curse that person thus again until the first curse
had run its course. He could, however, still attack that
victim with a loss or any other Evil Eye power. Likewise,
another Shango could impose his own Evil Eye curse
(making a very unlucky victim.)

The victim also has ways to remove an Evil Eye curse
before it runs its course. Occultists and healers (see
Inyanga and Sangoma) can work out rituals to weaken or
void acurse with a Wits + Occult roll (difficulty 8). Each
success rolled by the player cancels out one success of the
Evil Eye attack. For some powers, however, the exorcism
works only if it is performed very soon after the Laibon
lays the curse. No exorcism can restore what the victim
has already lost.

¢ Humiliation

With a venomous glance, the vampire inflicts bad
luck upon his victim. This bad luck attacks the victim's
social standing. The victim suffers some terrible em-
barrassment within the next few nights. Neither victim
nor attacker knows what form this embarrassment will
take, so the victim has no way to defend against it. Will
you say something incredibly stupid? Will a waiter trip
and drench you with soup? Will a magaji or ghoul commit
some hideous blunder? You have no way to tell. The
humiliation inflicts no real harm, but it can ruin a
person's prestige or credibility for a while.

System: The attacker's player makes the usual Orun
roll. If the roll succeeds, the victim suffers humiliation
some time within the next week.

2° Loss

This curse affects the victim's property. Within a few
nights of the curse, the victim loses both real wealth and
some possession of emotional value (assuming the victim
has such a thing). Lost property does not magically
vanish; some natural explanation (such as a fire, acci-
dent, theft, confiscation or unexpected legal fees) causes
the loss. Even the Shango who casts the curse has no idea
what form the loss will take. Loss is permanent, barring
special exertions by the victim. Lost money and posses-
sions do not magically reappear, either.

System: If the Orun roll succeeds, the victim loses
one dot of Resources within the next week. The Story-
teller decides what sentimental loss the victim suffers. If


|
}

all else fails, the victim nee lee a retainer or a dot of
Herd. Even if a victim completely lacks resources, the
curse still finds something to strip away. Perhaps the
victim loses his wedding ring, the last memento of a
happier life, or an abandoned building used as a haven
might burn down.

eee Peril

This power puts the victim directly in danger. Over
the next few nights — neither victim nor attacker knows
precisely when — the victim finds herself in dangerous
situations. The victim might cleverly escape the danger,
and Laibon can probably survive even the worst perils.
Then again, they might not.

System: The number of successes on the Willpower
roll gives the number or severity of the peril

One mild peril (Example: a rogue
soldier)
Two mild to moderate perils (a car
crash)

1 success

Three mild to moderate perils

Three moderate to severe perils (a col-
lapsing building, locked out of haven
near sunrise)

Three perils, one catastrophic (captured
by shapeshifters, haven catches fire
during the day)

Each night is 50 percent likely to bring a peril, and
the curse continues until all perils have occurred (or the
victim finds a way to lift the curse).

. Enemy

This level of Evil Eye has the most far-reaching effect
on a victim. Friends turn away; enemies appear (and
could be former friends). Perhaps the victim can recover
lost allies and placate new enemies, but the Storyteller
should not make it easy.

5+ successes

System: For each success on the attacker's Orun roll,
the victim either loses one dot of Allies, Contacts,
Influence or Retainers, or gains an enemy worth one
point (as the Flaw; see Vampire: The Masquerade, p.
300). For instance, with four successes on the roll, the
victim might lose two dots in Allies and gain a two-point
Enemy (perhaps a former ally). A victim never gains
more than one enemy from the curse; more points of
Enemy indicate a more dangerous foe. No one ever lose
more than two dots from any single Background.

Imposing an enemy takes time. The attacker might
spend several hours in places where the victim has
interests and connections, for example, spreading insults
and innuendoes — just like a normal smear campaign,
but the curse makes sure that the campaign really works.
The effects manifest within a week.

eceee The Eye that Wounds

The Eye that Wounds represents the most immedi-
ately dangerous use of the Evil Eye. Unlike the other
powers, this power acts immediately. The magician ex-
presses fulsome praise, vicious insult or utterastonishment
at the target person or object — and on the next turn,
something really bad happens to the target.

System: If the player's Willpower roll succeeds, the
target person or object suffers one health level of aggra-
vated damage per two successes rolled (round up). The
magician's speech shapes the form of the damage. For
instance, saying nasty things about a person's car could
make the engine explode, while praising a person's tennis
backhand could make her arm instantly wither. Mortal
victims generally suffer some permanent maiming. Ani-
mals affected by the Eye that Wounds usually drop dead
on the spot.

Tue Hunter's WINDS

* Scent of Deception

When this power is employed, the recipient can
mask or completely alter her scent. The original purpose
for this ability was to avoid the hunting dogs of nobles and
crusaders, but it proves just as effective at throwing off
any shapeshifters, ghouls or Akunanse who might be
following too closely for comfort.

System: Success indicates that the Shango can
change or simply negate her scent, making tracking her
far more difficult. Failure means that nothing happens,
while a botched roll actually amplifies her scent or makes
it noticeably offensive.

¢¢ Chameleon's Skin

The subject can change the color of his skin and the
texture as well. If he is resting against a tree with rough
bark, his skin and clothing alike take on the same
coloration — including any variations — and change to
mimic the form.

System: If successful, this power makes the subject
virtually impossible to see (+4 difficulty on all Perception
rolls) as long as he remains stationary. Slight movements
might be mistaken for the wind, but any sudden change
in position negates the effects. The player must roll
Perception + Stealth (difficulty 6, or 9 if anyone is
actively looking for him) if the character tries to change
his environment, such as moving from the tree-camou-
flage to that of a brick wall. While the texture of the skin
changes, it remains skin: No increases or decreases in the
character's Stamina occur as a result of this sorcerous
power. This ability lasts for one scene.

e@¢¢ Unassuming Pose

The subject uses this power to blend into virtually
any crowd, regardless of its size. Anyone seeking the
character simply fails to see her, automatically a: i
that the Laibon belongs there.

103 eee


the Shango, no matter how hard they might be looking.
Observers using technological means of surveillance such
as video cameras can still see him, though. This power
lasts for one scene.

° Ecstatic Ruse

The Shango distorts the perceptions of those around
him, so that they experience a distractingly powerful
feeling of intoxication. They might enjoy
hallucination or just stand there blissing out, not caring
what the Shango is up to.

System: Any character looking directly at the Shango
as the effect is activated must roll Wits + Alertness
(difficulty 7) or face intoxication. Any obvious threat to
a character activates his subconscious defense mecha-
nisms and snaps him out of the trance. Otherwise, this
power, once activated, lasts for one hour for every success
garnered on the activation roll.

Ghost Body

The Shango triggering this power can move through
solid objects, without being seen or heard. Forall intentsand
purposes, the Shango becomes intangible. The side effect of
this power is that the Shango cannot affect anything mate-
rial around her any more than it can affect her.

System: This power requires three blood points
instead of the usual one. Once he is in the Ghost Body,
the subject cannot be seen, heard or touched. Despite the
name, this power does not actually place the character
within the realms of the dead, nor does it allow interac-
tion with the ghosts from the Underworld. Some Shango
have reported seeing very strange things while in this
form, however, and most are very cautious about attain-
ing the Ghost Body. Once the character decides to affect
the physical world again, she is once again visible and
solid. No other Disciplines work while the Shango uses
this power. She cannot dominate anyone, activate Celer-
ity or even use Auspex, if she has it.

NECROMANCY:
THe PATH OF ABOMBO

Abombo Necromancy functions on the principle
that a Laibon, already a cadaver, is an unnatural bridge
between the living and the dead. Through this principle,
the path allows the necromancer to find other, similar
linkages. The basic rudiments of the Path of Abombo
function easily enough once the Kindred learns to attune
himself to these connections. Advanced mastery of the
path usually entails some brief ritual to forge artificial
connections, either through breaking taboos to draw the
Shadowlands closer by focusing unsavory passions or
through techniques of authority and purity designed to
command the two disparate worlds together. (See Blood
Magic: Secrets of Thaumaturgy for information about
Necromancy techniques.)

« A Toucu or DEATH

Just as a necromancer exerts mastery over the
Shadowlands, so too can some ghosts exert themselves in
the mortal world. Whereas obvious displays of wraithly
power such as bleeding walls or disembodied moans
certainly won't be mistaken, some ghostly abilities exert
subtle effects that aren't easily recognized. A necroman-
cer who is sensitized to the residue of the dead, though,
can feel whether an object has been touched by a ghost
or sense the recent passage of a wraith.

System: The necromancer simply touches a person
or object that he suspects is a victim of ghostly influence.
The player rolls Perception + Occult (difficulty 6). If
successful, the necromancer can determine whether a
ghost has exerted any sorts of wraithly power on the
subject, or even crossed nearby, to the duration detailed
as follows.

1 success Last turn; detect use of ghostly powers
Last three turns; detect use of ghostly

powers

2 successes

Last hour; detect ghost's touch and use
of ghostly powers

Last day; detect ghost's touch and use of
ghostly powers

3 successes

4 succes

5 successes

Last week; detect nearby passage of
ghost, ghost's touch and use of ghostly
powers

On a failure, the necromancer receives no impres-
sions. A botch reveals a misleading answer (an object
might seem tinged with ghostly power when it's not, or
vice versa). Should the necromancer succeed in detec-
tion while touching an object or person that a ghost is
possessing, he immediately becomes aware that the ghost
is still inside. The impression gained in such a case is
sufficient to count as a "strong psychic impression" for
purposes of the Sepulchre Path's powers, so the Kindred
might be able to (for example) immediately command a
ghost to exit a person whom it possesses.

e+ REVEAL THE CATENE

Necromantic compulsions function much more ef-
fectively when the caster uses an object of significance to
the ghost in question. Such fetters tie the dead to the
living lands through their remembered importance — a
favored recliner for relaxing, a reviled piece of art foisted
off by hated relatives or some object of similarly intense
emotion. Many Mla Watucan detect such catene through
the use of rituals (see Ritual of the Unearthed Fetter, p.
165 of Vampire: The Masquerade). With this power,
though, the Laibon can determine a fetter with just a few
moments of handling. The Laibon simply runs his hands
over the object and concentrates on it. He quickly
receives an impression of the item's (or person's) impor-
tance to wraiths, if any. Should the wraith be one known
to the necromancer, he immediately recognizes the


object as a fetter to that (or those) wraith(s). Successful
identification of a connected wraith is not exclusive; that

is, if the necromancer determines that the object is
important to a given wraith, he can also determine if
there are other wraiths tied to the item, though he must
use the power again to gain their identities.

Many necromancers use this power on objects that
they've already identified with A Touch of Death, in
order to determine whether the ghost is trying to
attune a given fetter or simply toying with the world of
the living.

System: The necromancer holds and examines the
object for at least three turns — if it's an item, this means
turning it over in his hands, running his fingers along it
or otherwise giving it a critical eye. With a person, this
act might require a more... invasive... examination. The
player then spends a blood point and rolls Perception +
Occult (difficulty 7). If successful, the vampire deter-
mines whether the object holds any significance to any

wraith and, with three or more successes, the identity of
at least one such wraith (which of course allows the
Laibon to use the Sepulchre Path on that wraith). If the
dy knows any of the wraiths involved,
their ties are revealed with their identity. Therefore, if
the necromancer already knows of a wraith well enough
to summon and compel it with other powers, successful

necromancer alr

identification of a fetter tells whether the object is tied to

that wraith, in addition to any other impressions gained.
Ifa botch is scored, the Laibon can never successfully

use this power on the item being examined.

eee TREAD UPON THE GRAVE

The extended awareness granted with the Path of
Abombo allows the necromancer to sense the vagaries of
the veil parting the worlds and to find locations where
the Shadowlands and the living world come close. Often,
the necromancer experiences a chill or shiver when
stepping into an area where the Underworld lies near the
living one. With practice, the Mla Watu can tell exactly
where such locations are.

Experienced necromancers learn that certain loca-
tions are susceptible to ghostly influence. These haunted
areas often become homes of a sort for wraiths. A knowl-
edgeable vampire can thus discover places where the
dead are likely to congregate, the better to snare them
with other Necromancy powers.

System: The player simply declares intent to sense
the Shroud in an area and makes a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8). Success reveals the Shroud rating. The
Storyteller informs the player of the rating, while in story
terms the Laibon learns that the location is highly at-
tuned to the Shadowlands, about average (not very close


to the world of the dead) or far removed from the realm
of death. Failing use of the power has no adverse affect,
though it can be attempted only once per scene (so the
necromancer must either wait for a time or move to a
different area before attempting to use this power once
more). A botch stuns the Laibon into inaction for a full
turn as well as costing him a temporary Willpower point,
as he is overcome by shivers and the sense of overwhelm-
ing despair from the Shadowlands.

With three or more successes, the necromancer can
determine whether the Shroud's strength has been arti-
ficially altered in the area (perhaps through the use of the
Ash Path or certain ghostly powers).

eee DEATH KNELL

Notall who die go on to become ghosts — many lack
the drive to hang on after death or simply have no
overwhelming needs that compel them to stick around.
Normally, even necromancers have no way to sort those
who might become ghosts from the masses who go on to
whatever rewards await. Over time, though, anecroman-
cer can become sensitized to the pull of death that occurs
when a soul escapes from a body only to hover in wait,
enslaved by its postmortem desires. The weight of des-
peration becomes like a tangible tug, and some
necromancers even learn to savor this emotion even as
they follow the sensation to find the new ghost.

Of course, actually discovering the new ghost can be
problematic. The Kindred might need some means to see
through the Shroud, or he might have to send other
wraiths to look for the new unfortunate, especially if a
large accident or massacre leaves too many corpses for the

vampire to easily discern and test names with other
compulsions. Furthermore, new ghosts typically enter
the afterlife insensate and covered in a sticky plasm that
clouds their minds. The ghost must be freed from this
spirit sludge before she can be useful, which again re-
quires the necromancer either to reach through the
Shroud himself or to send a wraithly proxy to do so.

System: Whenever someone dies and becomes a
wraith within a half-mile of the Mla Watu, the necro-
mancer automatically senses the demise (though many
choose to ignore this "always-on" power unless they are
actively seeking someone). This power does not auto-
matically pinpoint the location of the new wraith or
identify it, but the player may spend one Willpower point
and roll Perception + Occult (difficulty 7) for the necro-
mancer to gaina vague sense of the distance and direction
to the new wraith. With one success, the Kindred may
sense a vague pull in a general direction; with three
successes, the necromancer can sense the direction and
guess distance to within a quarter-mile. With five suc-

cesses, the necromancer immediately senses the location

ee RIAL

of the new ghost to within a foot. A failure carries no
penalty but a botched attempt naturally sends the necro-
mancer scurrying off in the wrong direction.

The Storyteller may rule that disturbances in the
Underworld, intervening magic or other similar phe-
nomena cloud this sensation, simply to prevent
overburdening a chronicle with constant ghost-hunting
and dice rolling.

° EPHEMERAL BINDING

The most puissant necromancers learn not only to
sense the ties between living and dead, but to forge such
ties themselves. The master of Ephemeral Binding turns
an otherwise mundane object or person into a depository
for his own mephitic energy, the undying Curse trans-
forming the subject into a sort of linkage between living
and dead. The Laibon smears his blood on the item in
question, which mystically absorbs the vitae and, in
doing so, becomes a vessel to anchor a spirit.

System: The necromancer must coat an object with his
blood (a full blood point's worth); if the subject is a person,
then that individual must ingest the vitae. The player marks
off the blood point, spends a point of Willpower and rolls
Manipulation + Occult (difficulty 8). If successful, the item
temporarily becomes a fetter to one wraith. If the Kindred
already knows the name of the wraith or hasastrong psychic
impression, then the object can become a fetter at any range,
even toa ghost who normally does not come near the living
world (as long as the ghost still exists). Otherwise, the
Laibon must be able to see or sense the ghost (with
Shroudsight or other such mea

A fetter artificially created in this fashion functions
for all necromantic and ghostly purposes as a normal
fetter. It can be detected with other necromantic powers,
the Giovanni gains a bonus to Necromancy against the
wraith attuned to it, and the ghost similarly finds exer-
tion of its powers easier upon the subject (so the Mla
Watu might turn an unwitting ghoul into a consort for a
wraith who is familiar with possession...). The wraith
can sink into the fetter to heal. Conversely, if the fetter
is destroyed, the wraith is banished to some inaccessible
region of the Underworld, perhaps never to return.

A fetter created with Ephemeral Binding lasts for
one night per success scored. The expenditure of an
additional point of temporary Willpower increases this
duration to a week per success, whereas spending a
permanent point of Willpower extends the duration to a
year and a night.

Botching with this power not only causes failure but
also makes the ghost immediately aware of what the
necromancer was trying to do. Most ghosts do not take
kindly to meddling Laibon trying to make artificial
chains for them.


{HPD>.

fee...
St aFAe DP

VICISSITUDE

If one single thing contributes more than any other to
the near-universal hatred and fear of the Naglopers by
other Laibon, Vicissitude is definitely it. Vicissitude in the
Ebony Kingdom is both wilder and more powerful than the
Vicissitude known to the Kindred. It's much less a Disci-
pline of fleshcrafting and bone-sculpting than the ability
to warp the bodies of one's enemies, up to and including
the point of death. Naglopers use it to great advantage in
their "games" of torture, forcing mutilated mortals and
ghouls to perform tasks for them, fight each other to the

death and engage in other similarly degrading activities.
Masters of the Discipline are said to be able to twist and
destroy internal organs simply by touching their victim,
causing instant death in mortals and ghouls.

The Naglopers are not the only Laibon who show
potential for this Discipline; in fact, any Laibon who tastes
the vitae of a Nagloper can eventually learn to use Vicis-
situde. Most shrink from the idea, though, unsure whether
Vicissitude's unnatural power is a result or a cause of the
depravity into which the Naglopers have sunk over the
years. Indeed, this question is a matter of debate among
Laibon scholars, particularly those who have encountered
the Tzimisce's more... refined approach to the Discipline
(though when referring to the Tzimisce, the word "refined"

is most certainly a relative term). Some believe that the
corrupt nature of the Naglopers simply allows them to
defile others by their touch.

Healing unwanted uses of Vicissitude is possible for
victims with equal or greater Orun than the Nagloper
using Vicissitude upon them; in this case, each limb
affected may be healed as a sing!
Laibon of lower Orun than their assailant must either
learn to deal with their new appearance or seek out

aggravated wound.

another Nagloper (or other sorcerer) to help them.

* CHAMELEON'S Kiss
The most basic use of Vicissitude allows Naglopers to
alter their own appearance, including such characteris-
tics as height, build, voice, facial features and skin tone.
This is mainly a cosmetic power, so no more than a foot
of height may be gained or lost through it. Although it is
possible to imitate a specific person through use of this
power, doing so is exceedingly difficult because of the
wild nature of Vicissitude in the Ebony Kingdom.
System: This power is nearly identical to Malleable
Visage, with one exception. Imitating a specific pet

‘on is
difficulty 10, not 8, and five successes are still required for
a flawless copy. The Nagloper must touch her victim to
use this power on another.


e* Corrupt THE Mortar FLESH

The second power of Vicissitude allows a Nagloper
to twist his own or someone else's face (or other body
parts) into a terrifying mask of contorted flesh. This can
be used for purposes of intimidation, of which many
Naglopers are quite fond, or as a minor affliction upon an
enemy. Naglopers with exceptional skill may even con-
tortan enemy's skin and muscle to the point where it rips
itself from the bone.

System: Corrupt the Mortal Flesh is similar to
Fleshcraft, but touch is not required. The intended vic-
tim must be within 20 feet, however, and skin-to-skin
touch does reduce the Nagloper's difficulty by one (base
difficulty is one higher than for Fleshcraft). The mechan-
ics are identical to those for Fleshcraft, except that
making a person look a certain way (a tall, light-skinned
male, for example) is difficulty 9, while duplicating a
specific person is difficulty 10 rather than 8. Appearance
can still be increased through this power, though few
Naglopers seem to want to do so. Increasing a character's
dice pool is also possible, but doing so usually ends up
disfiguring the subject in the process (unless an Orun roll
is made at difficulty 9).

Few Naglopers possess the fine control of the Disci-
pline necessary for either of the previous applications,
preferring to use it instead to inflict pain and destroy.
Rending flesh and muscle from bone is possible with
three or more successes on a Wits + Torture roll (or
Dexterity + Torture if the Nagloper is using the touch
bonus) at difficulty 7. This act inflicts a number of dice
of lethal damage equal to the number of initial successes
minus two (so five successes on the Wits + Body Crafts
roll would yield three dice of lethal damage). Because
this usage of the power is exceedingly painful, however,
victims suffer wound penalties as if one extra health
level of damage were inflicted. These wound penalties
are cumulative if the power is used more than once ina
scene. Naglopers can also use the power on themselves
to create a horrifying appearance, subtracting two from
difficulties on all rolls to intimidate, but increasing it by
two for all other Social rolls. This appearance is random
in nature, just like all other uses of the power, but the
user's Nature often manifests slightly in it, and particu-
larly savvy characters might be able to pick up on this at
Storyteller discretion.

eee REND THE MAN-FRAME

This power takes the body-warping abilities of Vicis-
situde to an even greater level, allowing bone to be
affected along with flesh and muscle. It can also be used
to affect bone alone, inflicting both crippling damage
and terrible pain. Like the earlier powers, fine control is
difficult, though it is still possible for skilled Naglopers to
create claws or other custom appendages. Even when he
is successful, though, the Nagloper cannot control the

cuz 108 coe

length, style or cosmetic features of such new append-
ages, so they can be expected to look animalistic or rather
unnatural as a result.

System: In most cases, the mechanics for this power
are identical to those for Bonecraft. Creating claws, other
small appendages or bone armor is difficulty 10 (9 if touch
is used), however, not 7. Difficulty for creating full-body
spikes is 8 (7 if touch is used). Difficulty for simply
breaking bone or warping both flesh and bone randomly
is 7 (6 if touch is used).

A\SANBONSAM

This power allows Naglopers to assume the terrify-
ing form of the asanbonsam, the legendary flesh-eating
creature from which the clan takes its nickname. The
form varies from Nagloper to Nagloper — some prefer
hairy, slavering forms, while others prefer them smaller
and reptilian — but claws are common, as are sharp,
pointed teeth. A Nagloper in this form gains consider-
able strength and speed, so it's no wonder the asanbonsam
of legend were so feared. This power is yet another
reason why most other Laibon try toavoid the Naglopers
whenever possible.

System: Mechanics for this power are identical to
those for Horrid Form.

* INNER MASTERY

The pinnacle of Vicissitude (at least as far as most
younger-generation Laibon are concerned) is the ability
to affect the organs and fluids of the body in nearly any
way imaginable. While fine control of this degree is
impossible with less advanced Vicissitude powers, Inner
Mastery allows the user to reshape or destroy internal
organs, reroute or expel blood or other fluids from the
body, and so on. One of the most feared uses of the power
is the permanent infliction of madness upon an enemy.
Any organic brain affliction is possible, from schizophre-
nia or epilepsy to chemical imbalances like depression,
bipolar disorder or anxiety.

At least some degree of medical knowledge is
necessary to employ this power to its fullest potential.
Those without such knowledge can only make basic
use of its abilities ("I want to cripple him" or "I want to
turn him into a drooling vegetable" versus "I want to
burst his pancreas" or "I want to give him catatonic
schizophrenia").

System: A Nagloper with this ability can affect the
internal processes of the body. Unlike other Vicissitude
powers, touch is necessary for this power only. Difficulty
depends upon the complexity of the organ to be affected.
Simple organs (heart, liver, etc.) are difficulty 7, while
rerouting body fluids is difficult 8, and affecting the brain
is difficulty 9. Simple destruction is easier than subtle
manipulation with most organs, and "fine work" in-
creases difficulties by one. (Note: The brain may only be


altered, not destroyed, so difficulties to alter it are not
increased by one.) Three successes are necessary to
destroy an organ (and kill a mortal, if a vital organ is
affected), while five or more successes destroy it be-
yond repair (making the damage aggravated).
Destroying the heart of a vampire does not cause
paralysis, but the vampire loses half of his blood points,
as much of his blood sprays out of control when the
heart is destroyed. Rolls for all uses of this power use
Manipulation + Medicine.

When affecting bodily fluids, simply causing them to
spray out of the body (through any available orifice —
not a pleasant sight) is easiest, while rerouting them toa
different part of the body (cutting off circulation to a
particular body part, for example) increases difficulty by
one. A botch on this roll inflicts the desired result on the
Nagloper rather than the intended victim.

When affecting the brain, three successes are neces-
sary to create a permanent new derangement, while five
are sufficient to make sure either that the derangement
can never be bought off, or alternatively that the brain is
so badly damaged the subject becomes completely unre-
sponsive (a "vegetable," as mentioned before). A botch
on this roll permanently increases one of the target's
mental Attributes by one, and likely inflicts the desired
derangement upon the Nagloper as well.

The power may also be used by a Nagloper upon him-
or herself, to alter or move organs within the body
(including the heart) at difficulty 9. In conjunction with
previous powers, some Naglopers are able to create bone
shielding around their hearts, partially or fully protecting
them from staking. Applications this complex are always
difficulty 10, though, and a botch on such an attempt will
likely result in the heart being pierced by a jagged bone
or something similarly unpleasant and painful.

A\FRICAN HEDGE MAGIC

Far from the Health and Medical Organizations, the
Food and Drug Administration, pharmaceutical compa-
nies and their prescription drugs and Martha Stewart is a
world of faith healing and alternative medicine, where
the majority of the population turns to local healers and
protectors of the mind, body and soul in order to keep
itself happy and healthy. As far as healing and protection
goes, many Africans seek out two types of people, who fall
into the realm of the Inyanga and the Sangoma. No
Inyanga prescribes an over-the-counter drug, to be taken
twice and then informed the next morning. No Sangoma
concludes that a man has love trouble because he retains
intimate feelings for his mother. To the African people,
Western medicine falls short of their needs, treating
symptoms instead of attacking the malady itself. Where
Western psychologists condemn mentally ill patients to

eye pee ee

asylums, a Sangoma can remove the evil spirit that
torments her patient. Patients with cold or flu-like symp-
toms aren't given couch medicine and sent home, but
rather are treated by an Inyanga for whatever originally
invaded the ailing person's body.

The two types of healer and protector are distinctly
different from each other. A Laibon is most likely to
encounter, and probably has knowledge of at least Inyanga
and Sangoma from his village before the Embrace. A
Laibon of 50 years or older might lose contact with a
Sangoma but not with an Inyanga. In rare instances,
some "cross-training" occurs, and an Inyanga might grasp
the rudimentary concepts of treating ailments on the
psychic level just as a Sangoma can learn to treat the
physical body.

The Inyanga and Sangoma are not "character types"
necessarily available for players to portray. Any character
can be an Inyanga or Sangoma, at the Storyteller's
discretion, though they should be somewhat rare and
reflect their cultural purpose. If the entire coterie is made
up of these individuals, there's not much value to it.

The key to this distinction is the ability of these
individuals to use rituals. We're not going to present a
"Path of Inyanga" or any such. Simply know that the
culture and environment are different in the Ebony
Kingdom. These characters don't need any special clas-
sification other than the Storyteller's approval to be able
to wield their healing magics, because they're not even
necessarily magic, merely "medicine." You'll note that
most Inyanga and Sangoma rituals call for secondary
Abilities for their application, but such is the nature of
the healer's calling, and it represents devotion to the

individual's craft. The rituals don't even have levels
grading their difficulty — that's because no overarching
trait governs them. The Sangoma or Inyanga simply
knows the ritual or he doesn't. Botches while invoking
these rituals tend to anger the spirits they call upon. Most
botches result in dramatic failures, but sometimes they
leave the Inyanga or Sangoma stricken barren, magically
speaking, unable thereafter to use the medicine.

In some very rare cases, the abilities of a Sangoma or
Inyanga persist even into undeath. While the healing
rituals don't work on the Kindred, they still remain as
efficacious on the living as they ever were. Indeed, some
Laibon create vast cults based around their powers or
build herds of dependent mortals due to their gifts — and
almost all of these are despised by Inyanga and Sangoma
who deplore their exploitative ways.

INYANGA

An Inyanga is, for the most part, a local naturopath;
he is the doctor-type person that unwell people visit first
with a medical problem. Almost all Inyanga are a male,
as the knowledge of the trade is passed from father to son:


a pseudo-primogeniture. An Inyanga has at his disposal a
number of plants, both common and obscure, roots,
herbs, animal products, amulets, even human bones —
all umuthi, or medicine.

An Inyanga administers his umuthi in various ways,
all personalized on a case-by-case basis. Depending on
the ailment, an Inyanga might rub an umuthi poultice on
the skin, concoct a potion for ingestion, craft an amulet
to be worn around the neck or possibly crush a powder to
be thrown in the fire at home or sprinkled around the bed.

SANGOMA

Where the Inyanga cure and protect the physical
body, a Sangoma heals and protects the psychic soul.
Everything from love potions and spirit summoning to
protection from wandering evil spirits and foretelling
future events all fall under the auspice of a Sangoma. Not
just anyone can become Sangoma, but they are rather
born with a special animal spirit, which is tied to them
through reincarnation. Most Sangoma are female, but
before a woman can become a Sangoma, she must first
suffer a terrible illness that cannot be remedied by mod-
ern Western medicine. This illness is thought to be the
animal spirit making its presence known for other
Sangoma to take notice of, so that a woman can then be
diagnosed and apprenticed to a Sangoma. Even before
this illness, Sangoma have ways of discerning if a woman
has an animal spirit, and thus the potential to become a
psychic healer, though the severe and incurable malady
is a dead giveaway often enough. The one foolproof
method is for the spirit to speak through the apprentice
during a trance-like state, in which the woman speaks in
tongues or other languages unknown to her, and will
prophesy the future, familial lineage and even the lives of
the individuals present for the ritual. A prospective
Sangoma will find an utisha, or teacher, to accept her as
isitshudeni, or student. Once accepted, the apprentic
proclaimed Utwaza, which is known to the African
people as a student learning to be a Sangoma.

SORCERY

The following list is a compilation of some of the

is

rituals that the Inyanga and Sangoma perform, some of
which are routine to their daily lives while others are only
cast as a service to patients. A few rituals might also be

cast in extreme circumstances, black and dark magics,
that have not been uttered since the early British occu-
pation of Africa.

AMULET WARDING AWAY ILLNESS

This talisman is meant to bolster the resistance in an
individual to mundane diseases, including poisons and
other toxins. An Inyanga will generally give out these
amulets as gifts to people embarking on long journeys or

Merits. AND FLAWS
These. rraits are unique to the Sangoma, and
although some appéat similar to other traits found

in other Sources, these-have varied-effects

Empathic Sense.(1-pt. Supernatural Merit)

The Sangoma are often thought ofas‘psychic, as

they. seem to. possess _instatitaneous knowledge
into.the ailments of each of their patients. This,
however, is not entirely correct. During theirtime
asan- Utwaza, the Sangoma learn to be Sénsitiveto
the spirits and the effects that they have on the

mortal anatomy,.AS this'sixth sense matures, an

rs-a'suddén bout ofphantom pains,

which c nge frofierippling stomach cramps

idaches, dizziness, swelling and éven.morn-

ing sickness. This enables;a. Sangomasto properly

prepare for herpatient, who visits later that day

Itis generally perceived thata Sangomais psychic

when the patient arrives and fiotices the remedies

that.are prepared yét having never-revealed the
sourcé of ailment.

we San eae ale ee WO mm Se oe

Mechanically, a'character with Empathic Sense
lowers:the ‘difficulties.of. any Medicine tolls ‘for
which she received advance notice by.one. The
Storyteller is the ultimate arbiter as to whether or
not the Sangoma receives these prescientspains,
but remember that it's a Merit, and the player paid
to enjoy some benefit front.

Crippling Spirit (4-pt. Physical Flaw)

Although .a Sangoma lives through her serious

-

lady and survives to move beyond her time as an
Utwaza; her body isnot spared thesame fate. To the
outside world it mightseem as though the Sangoma
uffered'a'stroke, A. more ps' i
the: presencé of ‘an animal.spirit that is almost
unbearable to. thesSangoma; crippling her body
physically, She can walk only with the aid of
crutch, and even then'at.an infant's pace — one-
quarter thatofan unhindered person; withrunning
impossib!

reveals

Additionally, the cause of the crippling
spirit becomes obvious, to anyone who scrutinizes |
thercharactér's aura (as with Aura Perception or |
Sense Vibrations).

a ELS Rigi

perilous tasks. The amulet is cre:
fang of a snake with the bark of a tree, wrapping them in
the skin of a frog and hanging it from twine around the
neck. A wound is opened on the flesh were the amulet
rests, which must be allowed to bleed freely on the amulet

ted by combining the

and heal normally. From then on the owner will be more
resistant to mundane diseases.


System: The Inyanga's player must succeed in an
Intelligence + Occult roll (difficult 7), which must be
followed by a Willpower expenditure to ensure the per-
manence of the talisman's potency. As long as the
character wears this amulet, the player adds two dice to
all dice pools regarding poison and disease even
supernatural forms (such as from Disciplines or
thaumaturgic effects).

Binp THE NIGHT-WALKER

Inyanga who are familiar with the less pleasant
aspects of the supernatural world sometimes know enough
to protect themselves from the perils it presents. Such is
the case with this ritual, a protective ward that snares
creatures of the night in hopes of allowing mortals to deal
with them on their own terms. The key ingredient here
is the kerrie throwing-stick. Should a Laibon try to enter
and cross the threshold marked by the kerrie, it holds him
fast until the sun rises the next morning. Traditionally,
the first person to awake and see him there must be very
careful, going to each of the other sleepers and waking
them gently without calling their names.

System: The player spends a point of Willpower and
makes a Manipulation + Enigmas roll (difficulty 8). Ifthe
roll succeeds and the kerrie is placed at some point of
ingress to a dwelling, it will "catch" Laibon (and Kindred
and Kuei-jin) who attempt to cross that threshold. The
Laibon can take no action involving motion, though she
may do things that she would normally be able to do while
constrained, such as use certain Disciplines or speak
freely. Should the Laibon be struck for any amount of
damage, the binding immediately break:

An hour before sunrise, the Laibon's player makes a
Wits + Occult roll (difficulty 8). If she achieves more
successes than the Inyanga received while invoking the
ritual, she can break free from the binding. Otherwise,
the binding lasts until sunrise.

This power affects only vampires (Laibon, Kuei-jin
and Kindred). Other supernatural creatures are unaf-
fected.

Boon oF WELLNESS

Whereas Westerners have yearly flu shots and ex-
pensive doctor visits, young African boys and girls (and
sometimes even adults) take a trip to their Inyanga. He
casts this common ritual that, for a lack of a better term,
acts as the "aspirin" of rituals. The boon acts upon most
mundane symptoms: fever, headaches, nausea, diarrhea,
sore throat and even muscle aches. An Inyanga lays a
target on the ground so that flesh touches soil, then he
spits in the dirt. He scoops up the saliva and dirt into his
hands and places it over the target's forehead, throat,
heart, stomach and groin. The target must remain in this
position for three hours, all the while concentrating on

PRT DT ce RD ERT Rs
SAUTE LE,

eon wh benno

falling asleep. It is believed that the ailments are drawn
away from the dirt consecrated by the Inyanga, fleeing
deep into the earth below.

System: Each success on an Intelligence + Occult roll
(difficulty 6) heals one health level of damage or restores
one dot worth of Attribute loss caused by sickness.

Drive Orr Evi Spirits

A Sangoma performs this ritual to ward away spirits
from a home. First, she dons a ceremonial head mask
carved from the remains of a thunderstruck tree, then she
places splinters, stakes and tacks in the dirt surrounding
a hut, which is believed to prick the feet of any spirit
intent on entering the target's home.

System: For every success on a Charisma + Enigmas
roll (difficulty 8), the debris littered around the location
causes one die of aggravated damage to any supernatural
creature who attempts to cross into the area.

Expepitious HEALING

This is a power the Inyanga casts on a wounded
individual, so that his wounds will heal faster than
normal. The Inyanga must heat up the leaves of an
isidletshene plant then place the warm leaves on the flesh
around the wound. Even the most grievous of injuries
heal at an accelerated rate when aided by this ritual.

System: A successful Manipulation + Intuition roll
(difficulty 6) ensures that the ritual succeeds, and the
expenditure ofa Willpower point ensures that the wounds
remain closed. Lethal damage heals at one health level
per hour, and bashing damage heals at the rate of one
health level per minute. Even aggravated damage heals at
an accelerated rate, at one health level every 12th hour.
Failure to spend a Willpower point reflects the insistence
of the body to remain injured, and the wound reopens
after one hour as the character loses one health level at
the same rate he healed until returning to the state of
body just before the Inyanga's ritual.

FROGSKIN CuRSE

This ritual was cast only as a last resort in desperate
times by an Inyanga who felt that there was no other
choice but to enlist the aid of curses to drive away the
British. This particular curse alters the victim's skin to a
greenish, warty, thin and slimy consistency.

System: A player must first succeed in a Charisma +
Enigmas roll (difficulty 8) and spend one point of Will-
power in order to complete the requirements of the ritual.
Once activated, for the next 48 hours, the victim's skin
changes into that of a frog, reducing all Social dice pools
to zero and halving all Physical dice pools. Players of
supernatural creatures may spend a point of Willpower to
attempt a Stamina + Survival roll (difficulty 8), which, if
successful, negates a curse placed upon the character.


Po ea
a eee

Sg IRS Si

INVOCATION OF VENGEANCE

An elderly Sangoma is credited with the creation of
this powerful ritual, which dates back to the height of the
British occupation. In her desperation, she designed this
ritual to compensate for the physical deficiencies that
severely limited her ability to create offensive rituals that
would have hopefully deterred the British from her vil-
lage. In an act of ultimate sacrifice, she channeled her
animal spirit to take over her physical form and lend her
the strength she otherwise lacked to attack the British,
and anyone else who aided in their occupation. As a
result, she transformed herself into a giant lioness and
terrorized her village.

The Sangoma could return to her normal form for
one hour a day, which occurred exactly at midnight. She
would take this time to heal her wounds, set up potions
or other healing or protection items that she could muster
together for future patients and then was forced back into
her animal spirit form.

There is no known method of reversing the effects of
this ritual once a Sangoma casts it. It is also exceedingly
rare, and even those who know it would likely be loath to
enact it, let alone pass on its secrets.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and
rolls Stamina + Occult (difficulty 9). It then takes one
hour for the Sangoma to channel her animal spirit into
her physical form, and then mere moments for the spirit
to take physical shape. Any animal form requires the
Storyteller's approval. Once each night, from midnight
to 1:00 AM, the character will return to her original form.

While in the form of an animal spirit, the Sangoma
cannot cast other rituals, and she is otherwise limited
to the confines of the creature's body. This precludes
her from using many Disciplines she might have (out-
side Potence, Fortitude and Celerity), and it certainly
limits many other activities as well. Obviously, this
power is better suited to Storyteller characters than
players' characters.

PLay THE HEART STRINGS

People come from all over the world and pay hefty
prices fora Sangoma to enchant an item with this ritual.
It is easily one of the most dangerous rituals if one is not
perfectly certain that his intended victim has feelings of
reciprocated love, for anyone who falls victim to this
ritual is a ticking time bomb of emotions. A Sangoma
requires one drop of blood and an equal amount of saliva
of an intended victim in order to complete the ritual.
She then drips the bodily fluids over a dried cat heart
and crushes them into a fine powder. This powder must
be added to a liquid in order to take effect. Once
ingested, a victim will become more accepting of a
person's love and admiration. Unless the target once
again drinks of this potion once every three days, how-

ever, all of the love and admiration will reverse into
feelings of hate and loathing.

System: Once the Sangoma creates the potion,
the player makes an Intelligence + Herbalism roll
(difficulty 7). For every success he scores, the victim
suffers that number as a difficulty penalty in any social
situation that might occur within the next three days
with regard to the individual benefited by the potion.
The victim is overcome with passion or adoration for
that individual. After the victim first imbibes the
potion, the player must roll Intelligence + Herbalism
at one level of difficulty higher than the time before for
each day since. Hence, after three days, the difficulty
is raised to 10. If the victim's potion is successful again
within those three days, then the victim truly falls in
love with him. If any roll fails, however, passionate
love melts away into severe hate, as adoration changes
to loathing and revulsion.

UNTAINTED EYES

An Inyanga can restore lost eyesight in many cases,
and only people who have never had the power to see
with their eyes gain no benefit of his aid. A mixture of
herbs and dried animal parts are ground into a fine
powder, then the Inyanga blows the product into the eyes
of his target which causes them to bleed. After a few
moments and many blood-filled tears, the target's eye-
sight is restored.

System: After the player spends a point of Will-
power and succeeds in a Manipulation + Intuition roll
(difficulty 6), the character casts this ritual, which causes
a target's eyes to bleed as he suffers two health levels of
lethal damage. A few moments later, however, the target's
vision is repaired utterly.

WAIT IN HIDING

An Inyanga created this ritual after hearing that a
creature of the night had invaded his village in search of
blood and prey. It is said that he gathered his village
people together and bid them to bleed into a communal
cup and drink of the blood of a cow. They each in turn
bled into the cup, and then drank of the cow's blood. At
the end of the ritual, the Inyanga fed the blood from the
cup to the cow that had given its blood to the villagers.
Once the cow finished drinking the blood, it was released
into the village. The Inyanga completed the ritual by
chanting the name of the cow over and over, while the
villagers huddled as close to him as possible. To the
creature of the night, the cow would appear as an unaware
villager, while the villagers in the vicinity of the Inyanga
would appear as the cow. The creature usually attacked
the cow believing it to be human, at which point the
villagers turned upon the night-walker and sent it to its
final reward.


nt of Willpower
and rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 8). Each
success "masks" five people, including the Inyanga,
under the power of this ritual, and any supernatural
creatures witnessing the cow and the mortals confuse
one for the other. The effect lasts for one night, though
any supernatural creatures hidden among the crowd
will actually be affected by the ritual as opposed to
protected by it.

Wake Our oF LONG SLEEP

Over the course of three days, a Sangoma must
cast this ritual over the body of a comatose victim.
She first places an item of value to the victim around
his body, then she lights the personal effect on fire.
The flames must be allowed to die without interrup-
-tion, and the smoke must wisp around the body. For
three days, the Sangoma will first need to phalaza, or
vomit out a special concoction designed to purify her
body and attune herself to the spirit world. She then
sits and watches the victim for the remainder of the
three days, in wait for the wayward spirit to appear
above its body. When the spirit does wander over its
body, she will snatch the spirit in her hands and force
it back into the victim.

System: The player makes a Charisma + Enigmas

roll (difficulty 6), and with three successes, he can discern
between the spirits enough to pinpoint which one she
needs to snatch and thrust back into its body. A Will-
power point must also be spent to grant the Sangoma
power over the spirit, including the ability to make
physical contact with spirits.

WEAPON BLESSINGS

When an African warrior chooses to start his rite

assage, to sufficiently defend his village from crea-
tures of the night, it is mandatory that he visit both his
Inyanga and Sangoma to bless his weapon and war
shield of choice. This way, it can attack and defend
against physical and spirit creatures equally. Both
weapon and war shield will forever bear the blood of
the Sangoma and Inyanga who originally enchant
them, warm and wet even after years of use and through
all types of weather.

System: The Sangoma and/ or Inyanga's player must
roll Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 7) and spend a
Willpower point for each item that is to be enchanted.
Once the ritual is completed, all combat-related difficul-
ties incurred while the character is wielding the item
decrease by two or all combat-related dice pools increase
by three dice. This benefit takes effect only when both
the Sangoma and Inyanga have consecrated the weapon

and shield.

RTIEACTS

The factionalized kingdom of the Laibon has no
unifying standard to its objects of art or its objects of
magical power. Artifacts, therefore, are typically distinc-
tive objects of strictly remembered provenance. It is
unusual for any two artifacts to bear much resemblance in
both artistic form and arcane potency. Some splintered
bits of junk contain devastating power on the verge of
being lost. Some objets d'art are secured in museum-
quality exhibits within high-society vaults to protect a
tiny cinder of magic. Very often, it is necessary to know
the history and origin of an Artifact in order to recognize
it. Sometimes, such information is necessary to unleash
or contain its might.

Those stories that praise the ancient Laibon are full
of occult props. In many of these tales, the objects forged
or wonat the end of a difficult quest are passed down, lost
or otherwise sent into the modern nights, enduring
beyond the Final Death of their most famous owners.
Therefore, the most beloved artifacts are usually associ-
ated with a particular legacy or even a single Laibon.
Since the stories of vampires are preserved in undeath
and told for hundreds of years in a single voice, it is
regarded that elder's tales have more truth than common
folklore. So the origins of powerful artifacts are generally
accepted as true, even when they are not believed to be
factual. It is in the intervening years between a story and
the modern nights that an artifact's ownership usually
falls into question. No respectful Laibon would use an
object of such importance within the legacy as collateral
or currency. When an artifact changes hands, it usually
involves spilled or consumed Laibon blood.

The items presented here are all of Laibon origin.
Notall artifacts are old, though very few are new. While
most Artifacts are associated with a parent legacy, some
are too pedestrian to bother defending so strongly. A
few objects of great value are claimed by several lega-
cies, though, and just the mention of their existence can
ignite debate. The Laibon who casually displays or
discusses her magical artifact is inviting trouble.

Storytellers, use these Artifacts as examples upon
which to build new Artifacts for players taking that
Background (see p. 80). These Artifacts work well in
any story involving the Ebony Kingdom, and with a
little creativity, they can be the basis for other Arti-
facts and future stories of their own.

VANISHING BEAD

Level One Artifact

These etched beads are said to have originated in the
Congo, though little evidence exists to support that
claim. Although they are sometimes associated with


Naglopers and Kinyonyi, most of the vanishing beads
that are known to exist are in the possession of Guruhi-
sanctioned Shango. The earthenware bead is meant to be
held under the tongue, but some Laibon swallow them to
keep them safe. When used, a vanishing bead causes the
possessor to leave no earthly trace of his passing. Foot-
steps, smudges and fingerprints are simply not created,
even if the possessor has been stomping through blood.
No matter how fast the bead-bearer moves, grass is
undisturbed and leaves lie unmolested. Smells, sounds
and other non-tactile traces are not effected by the bead's
magic. The difficulty increases by two for all efforts to
track the user of a vanishing bead.

SKIN OF THE KING

Level Two Artifact

This misleading name describes any hide, skin, skull or
hoof from a dead animal ghoul that has been enchanted in
the old ways of the Nagloper. By somehow donning this
object, the wearer appears to onlookers as an animal of the
sort used to create the artifact. Gazelle and monkey skins
were sometimes made for spying purposes, but lion, hyena
and crocodile artifacts are more common. Animals of the
artifact's origin regard the wearerasaspecimen to be feared
and followed — an alpha male, if you like. The wearer's
Social Attributes may be used on fellow animals, though
no Abilities may be.

Bioop SHIELD

Level Three Artifact

Osebo warriors first used the small number of these
flexible shields in the 18th century against invasive
Kindred. Each shield consists of an oblong frame, some-
times of bone, covered in hide that some say comes from
colonial ghouls. The shield adds two dice to soak at-

tempts, hasan Armor rating of 4 and imposesa -1 penalty.
Further, when touched with vampiric blood, the shield

becomes "thirsty" for more from that clan or legacy. The
shield only has an appetite for one type of blood at any
time, and the thirst lasts just one night at most. The
player of any vampire from this legacy who is touching a
blood shield (such as with an attack) must make a
Stamina roll (difficulty 6) or have three points of blood
bled out of the character on contact. Each success on this
roll avoids one point of blood loss. Lost blood splashes out
from the victim's pores. The shield soaks up most of this,
leaving nothing for consumption.

Kpuva's MASK

Level Four Artifact

Created by a Xi Dundu magaji as a means of passing
his control on to his childer, this enormous woven mask
inspires Laibon and terrifies mortals by design. The
mask resembles a wide-mouthed screaming head with
eyes as wide as hands and a spiny topknot of striped
feathers. When worn, the mask affords two extra dice


eee :
for Intimidation and Leadership rolls. Use of the mask
causes consumable materials within 10 feet of the wearer
to combust into green flames. These flames burn only
mortals, inflicting one die of lethal damage per Intimi-
dation success. The mask also subtracts two successes
from all attempts to scrutinize the wearer with super-
natural sight of any kind (such as Auspex, or certain
thaumaturgic effects).

PLepGe-S worD

Level Five Artifact

Perhaps the artifacts that most Laibon believe they
have seen in use, pledge-swords are instruments of
loyalty used by some Guruhi and their enforcers. They
are believed to be Laibon variations on similar devices
used by West African rulers. By touching the pledge-
sword, any being bearing Cagn's blood becomes

>=
ee os er

ee

reachable through contact with the earth or the sky. A
ceremonial pledge is often made, but is not necessary.
The pledge-sword's owner (and only its owner) may
wield the sword once against anyone who has come into
contact with it. The owner pronounces the name of his
target, then either stabs the blade into the ground or
jabs it toward the sky during rainfall. If the target is
either touching the earth (that is, on any ground floor
or lower) or beneath the same rainstorm, he is slashed
as though cut by the blade. A pledge-sword deals Strength
+ 3 aggravated damage, ignoring any physical defenses
of the target (though characters with Fortitude may
attempt to soak as normal).

Pledge-swords may be owned by non-Guruhi, though
no one but they know for sure what the swords recognize
as ownership.



i
H
Z
)

Cu Agee Re LIVE:

GEOGRAPHY

Faris where there is nothing, where something is that you
will struggle to the death
—Shona proverb

My mother was born ona Saturday ina small village.
Like all girls born on a Saturday in this village, she was
named Ama. She spent her childhood learning how to
take care of the household, gathering herbs and veg-
etables, cooking sauces and taking care of her little
brothers and sisters. Most men spent their days farming
fields inherited from their fathers and grandfathers before
them. The man who was to become my father was no
exception. He grew yam: va and vegetables —
enough to support one wife and as many children as she
could produce but too little to accept the burden of a
second wife. He courted my mother, his second cousin,
and they were married when she was 15 and he was 25.
My mother produced only one child for my father. She
gave birth to me on a Saturday and called me Little Am
or Amavi.


During the first four years of my life, my mother
wrapped me in brightly colored pagnes and carried me on
her back while she prepared our food, swept our house
and fetched water from the river. When my legs were long
enough to keep pace with her and my neck was strong
enough to support baskets of food, barrels of water and
bundles of firewood balanced on my head, I helped with
the daily chores. Our house was simple, with mud brick
walls anda thatched roof. We swept the packed-dirt floor
of our compound clean every morning. We all slept in the
same room that held little except for our sleeping maps
and a small shrine to our ancestors. At the end of each
day, my mother and I would make sure that enough water
remained in our clay drinking pot to quench the thirst of
our ancestors when they visited us during our sleep.

My mother and I spent many hours together, walking
through dense forests to the markets located in neighbor-
ing villages. Often we walked in silence, the baskets atop
our heads, heavy with yams and vegetables for sale. We
laughed and gossiped if our loads were light, the tempera-
ture was mild or we had the good fortune to trade our
products for fresh fish from the great lake to boil in our
soups and sauces.

I remember little about the first and only day I
accompanied my father to the farm. Unaware of the path
down which my life would take me, I believed that this
day spent working alongside my father in the fields would
be the first of many. I had become strong enough, and I
was the only child. On that day, when the work was
complete, I watched the farmers fill hollowed out gourds
with the wine made from palm trees. Before taking the
first drink, they offered a libation to the ancestors by
pouring a little wine into the earth.

We always offered our ancestors food and drink,
often accompanied by stories of their lives and afterlives.
My father was a great storyteller, and our relatives and
neighbors would pack into our compound, sitting on our
wood benches during the hot, sweaty evenings to listen
to these ancestral stories. Small children, with even
smaller children on their backs, would peer over the
shoulders of their parents as my father or one of the elders
of the community recounted stories passed down from
generation to generation.

Wealso held many festivals to worship our ancestors.
One of my most vivid memories was of the festival held
in my village to worship our stool ancestors. A mixture of
brilliant colors and sounds filled the village as we cel-
ebrated with food and drink. Talking drums called to the
stool ancestors — our illustrious chiefs who, when alive,
hand carved a stool to sit on with scenes from our village
and animals that roamed nearby, such as antelopes,
monkeys and elephants. During the chief's lifetime they
would sit on their stools, solemnly presiding over judicial,

financial and political matters in the village. When a
chief died, the stool would be blackened with soot and
enshrined in the stool house in our village, taken out only
for this special occasion.

While this festival was one of many, I remember it so
vividly because this was the day I was struck by an illness
so severe my parents feared I would not survive. Their
only hope was to walk me to the large shrine in our region
so that the fetish priest could provide a cure. My aunts
and uncles gave my parents meat to offer the priest who
would cure me. The priest accepted their gift, and I was
admitted into the shrine to be healed.

On the fifth day of my healing, as I neared full
recovery, the spirit Akonnedi took possession of me. The
head priestess informed my parents that I had received
the calling and that I would remain at the shrine to train
for priesthood once my illness subsided. My parents
begged for my release from this service, yet their pleas
went unheard. Instead of returning to my village to one
day marry a farmer just as my mother had before me, I
married Akonnedi. On the seventh day, the head priest-
ess informed my parents that my health had improved
and that I was strong enough to begin my training.
Defeated, my parents left me at the shrine and returned
to our village. I did not watch them walk away. I did not
cry when they left me. | smiled and I was excited. I
thought that I would return to them a respected priestess.
How could I know that I would not see them again?

During my training, I learned to use herbs and
poultices to summon my deity in my divining pot,
specially crafted out of the red clay found in the termite
mounds. Still, | feared that when the time came for me
to diagnose an illness or prescribe a cure, I would be
unable to receive the messages of the spirit. Therefore,
I practiced every day by sitting at my divining pot,
gazing inside. I discovered that Akonnedi responded to
the sound of a small metal bell given to me by the head
priestess. Sometimes, when I rang the bell, other spirits
would appear in my divining pot for me to interpret
their messages.

Three years of training culminated with a gradua-
tion ceremony. Four other priestesses participated in
the ceremony with me. The preparation was extensive.
The head priestess made small incisions on my right
shoulder, back and fingers to show evidence of my
power to divine messages. She then bathed me in the
ritual well. I dressed in new white cloth with red sashes
around my waist and breasts. The head priestess placed
strings of brightly colored beads around my neck, ankles,
waist, wrists and knees.

The village women prepared a meal to be consumed
before the ceremony. For hours, they pounded yams until
they were mashed into fufu for us to dip in peanut sauce.


re aK

US Se

tw

a

They served us bananas, oranges and mangos. We de-
sava, vegetables and boiled
yams, aware that we would not eat again until the

voured cooked plantains,

ceremony Was Over.
We cut our hair very short, symbolizing'our rebirth.
One day, the way we styled our coiffure would be a

declaration of our identity and status. As we grew older
and gained ever more social status, we would fashion our
hair into patterns, using combs, porcupine quills and
shells to display our individual powers. However, on this
day, we started new, with nearly shaved heads.

During the graduation ceremony, I covered my tat-
toos with white clay, and danced and sang to the repetitive
drumming. My spirit possessed me and I spun around and
around in circles, but I never felt dizzy. I shook my hands

to the sky and continued dancing as the dry Harmattan
winds created a chill in the evening air. | went down on
my knees to offer thanks to the head priestess and our god.
Icontinued dancingall night long, until I collapsed as the
sun rose and once again began to warm us.

The chief attended the ceremony clothed in his
brightly colored kente gown, worn only on festive occa-
sions. The unique weave of the cloth was, as told by the
elders, a deliberate attempt on behalf of the designer to
please the ancestors. Every motif then known to kente
weavers was incorporated into this one cloth. The pat-
terns displayed the chief's status and represented the
history, values and beliefs of our people.

When the ceremony ended after two days of dancing
and singing, I traveled back to my village to visit my
parents for the first time in three years. All the happiness

and joy | experienced at becoming a priestess evaporated
in an instant when | arrived at my village to find that my
parents had been stolen from me. The isolation of train-
ing kept me insulated from the wars that broke out in our
kingdom. The spoils of these wars were people like my
parents: people who spent their days farming, cooking
and worshipping their ancestors. When the people in my

village were unable to defend themselves against the

local rulers of a neighboring kingdom who attempted to
dominate our land and control our trade routes, my
parents, my neighbors and many of my relatives were
marched to the coast. Sold into slavery by these local
rulers, the people in my village were shackled and impris-
oned on ships destined for the shores of the New World.

Just as the gold and ivory trades had before, the
profitable trade of people brought new visitors to the
shores of my land. These visitors had pale skin and
colorless eyes. We called them yovos, or strangers. The
fortified trading posts built for gold and ivory were turned
into slave posts. Because the yovos profited from the wars

waged between kingdoms, they fueled existing conflicts
and then imposed their judicial system on us to solve the

= ee 119


unrest. I have heard this period called the end of isola-
tion, as though this were progress for my people. It was
also during this time that a new, evil spirit from Europe
visited our lands.

Of course, I did not know then that these evil spirits
were known as the Kindred, but I was about to find out
about them very soon. I traveled back to the regional
shrine and spent my waking moments learning new spells
and chants to protect my people. The mix of new cultures
and people also brought new medicines to heal the good
and curse the evil. I studied the taboos and traditions of
the neighboring kingdoms, and I studied the languages
and customs of the yovos. I became a very potent sorcer-
s, but I craved to learn more, to gain more power to
avenge my people.

During this time of intensive study, I heard rumors of
a tribe of powerful magicians called the Akunanse who
roamed the night in the shape of animals and could
overpower all men with their sorcery. I traveled around
the region, searching at night for this mysterious group of
beings, convinced that if I learned their ways, I could use
their power for my own revenge.

I traveled for months, seeking an audience with their
elders. After countless nights of searching, I found myself
doubting their existence, until I stumbled ontoa sacrifice
one night. A human sacrifice. | had found the Akunanse,
but I did not realize that by seeking them I would be
putting my own life in danger. In all my studies, I had
never experienced or heard of a sacrifice involving hu-
man blood, and I was horrified by the affront to our
ancestors and our god.

I tried to retreat silently, but these supernatural
beings heard me and brought me to their elders. I noticed
that the elders had features resembling the same animals
that my people worshiped. I had never experienced such
fear. I did not realize that they, too, feared me, as rumors
of my power reached even this secret tribe. I later found
that I was Embraced because the Akunanse needed my
sorcery as they and the other Laibon legacies fought the
European "Kindred" for influence over our lands.

During this time, as I struggled with my transition
into the Akunanse legacy, the mortals whom I had
promised to protect fought the colonists for control over
our lands. The Akunanse warred for many years, along-
side these mortals to drive both the dead and the undead
foreign influence from our soil. We were successful. The
mortals were not.

The confusion I felt during this period over becom-
ing an unliving, deathless being eventually led me back
to my village. I decided to resume my duties as a priestess,
isolating myself from both the Akunanse and the yovos.
For the mortals in my village I already represented the
power of the dead. They feared me and respected me. |
sang to them,

The dead are not under the earth.

They are in the fire that is dying,

They are in the grasses that weep

They are in the whimpering rocks,

They are in the forest; they are in the house,
The dead are not dead.

It was an easy existence. I danced, I sang, I healed, I
killed. The protection I provided my village for 400 years
preserved village life and brought change very slowly.
Families still lived in the village surrounded by their land
as they had for hundreds of years. The wealthier farmers
used animals to help till soil, using their manure to
fertilize crops. Others farmed by hand.

Modern advances eventually filtered into the com-
munity. The mortals learned to harvest coffee and
cocoa in addition to the traditional harvests of peanuts
and palm oil. Markets flourished, making it possible to
build new roads and schools, bringing more mortals to
the region. The influx of new blood made my existence
even easier.

During the centuries that passed, I was revered and
feared. No one expected me, as head priestess, to come
out during the day. The villagers provided me with
clothing, cigarettes and food that I did not eat. I healed
them and their sick children. I found their missing
jewelry. I put hexes on lovers who have strayed. And yes,
I killed them in order to survive. But what was one more
death to them?

My Country

I should have killed the missionaries when they
arrived in our village. They discarded our traditions
and convinced the other mortals that their beliefs
were the only true beliefs. They shunned me and my
medicines and conspired to turn the mortals in my
village against me.

Why didn't | kill the missionaries when they first
arrived in my village? I guess it was because I, like the
mortals, was intrigued by their stories of far-off lands and
the fate of people like my parents. They spoke of political
struggles, economic collapse anda health epidemic called
HIV that killed millions. I learned that during the centu-
ries of colonialism, the common people of our kingdoms
had been denied even their most basic rights, while the
chiefs were either killed or made very wealthy men,
depending on how easily they turned over power. We
were now considered a country defined by the yovos
drawing borderlines on a map to divide the spoils be-
tween the English and French.

The citizens of the countries making up Africa tired
of foreigners governing their lives and futures. Wars were
waged, sometimes bloody, sometimes not, during the
fight for independence.



SO Ire SN ee
SS :

po ee

¥ Wik) JI pose dd

SE 5 gor washing a many thoorios have over the years. ee hake
4 ih shapin an rit Hn hey he unbors shou
dt ee Mb: FP orgasd Bn Ti ed, aoe

Og: more

\ Sa) tested, Pads tf see Sipe at are
ee he ones runnin, WA al LS; ue, ae eS. ae lygors a vi uho

Fe 5 uy si thet it hn ey jisise fp tab aanes

pepentts 116: paras pyar OG sh
al cures and ot ile (ie safe 2, 7iga for ws

0
One jn 0 bas_< I 5, B- MS COUT eine tbo only
rae ee oe rie eae: i a dele thi
reals lin the poogh | thom) ), But none ne Aha realy matters, The

60,
Se ere ioe Sere iia an a oe still a pate,

inl bares oe a it nowy, J it to him. Fh hoes topped cat of
phe, i Oni Fist angel acolic, ar fo he. me fprosist all thes Wig oo
Pai i, Lhe OE ae thou hit in htt soon prt dip lis
yeu a tg di a igi it that wus
"a Lo f me if a bn me ry he ag? 7) iin Mg within " pues if pal

png a Do geagi 4 pe LS be pi on ST simply
Be, eee ly oF Sgn A alton eneiack of

ay ‘act o fie o all is that within fhe rsa aie) ro peak HJ"
ee ne sell p re epzieee iol go Ba a. Sad,
ie ae Ls pod

} tis
\e ny ere p pop us Au an vi four Ae ee SOa5SE ait, ot in a

econ eh

Lo range ie 20- pat hig W/, phe t parents an es any, social
sth Wp at off is Oe Mal eee OCHUSE thore will be ni ts Co Tun Ls 1M, ide
this will y 7) a 6 tia ruin n for nm for many Me,

Lg sin, it is th iON Oy va SSMOSS ade hans add hap pla
in Le aoe that hats hula ihn le CONCH, The Vi ost al iS Ele wor
lroct, bar eee

ee Wh fan DS, but without ctf te in, tha mney
ue Ae) corornments for, their aun wse, the doctors an ep ae
Soxine 000, TF ho ah wo if rugs bor, toy we
W hat

fie ps on hilean are Wake aes Ber 05 On,
ate tee a ing Sis Ndi ties Be la S just

ae. his 8 BN a ih hat al are 1b u foing to L)

ees Jorvitt,

fe
onorige a

VS omen s a" -ooperative of -F

a te ammer 007
or

{

Po» es
ote SN
wy ",

WORT

Cee ee eee
Hundreds of years of isolation had kept me from
learning about the world outside my village. The mis-
sionaries sparked my interest in travel so that I became
desirous of exploring the lands around me. The mission-
aries also succeeded in corrupting my village with their
Western religion, and I was afraid that the mortals would
soon do more than just fear me and would try to harm me.
Not that they could.

Time had increased my powers as a priestess, but my
facial features were slowly changing. I was made aware
of this by the increasing horror expressed on the faces of
the mortals whom I allowed to gaze upon me. I could feel
my eyes narrowing, my skin toughening and my tongue
taking a forked shape. I had heard rumors of Akunanse
that had all but become animals, becoming a hideous
mixture of man, Laibon and animal, and I feared that
the characteristics of my legacy were becoming more
prevalent. | decided to travel to the capital city to seek
out others like me and discover if there was something
I could do to halt the advances of what I feared were
serpentine characteristics.

I left my village on a hot, muggy night, walking
several miles through the forest to the regional capital. It
was here that I was able to hire a vehicle. These vehicles
called bush taxis have made travel much easier for mor-
tals, and their preference for traveling at night to escape
the heat of the day allowed me to travel with them. The
bush taxis | took were packed with mortals, luggage and
animals. My status as a priestess gave me two advantages.
I was given the front seat of these crowded vehicles, and
L inspired just enough fear that the driver and the passen-
gers averted their eyes from me.

The bush taxi traveled along dirt roads and then tar
roads as we headed toward the coast. The dense jungle
gave way to savanna woodland and then to grassland and
coconut groves, ending at sandy beaches overlooking the
sea. | had never seen sucha large, vast body of water. I saw
empty fishing nets, where men had hauled in the harvest
for the day. The setting was idyllic... at first. Then I
noticed the stained water, polluted from the local indus-
tries. The old road was a mile off the shore, displaced from
erosion and removal of the sand. The slave castles that
housed my people during the weeks and days before they
were shipped to the New World remained intact, dotting
the coastline like shattered, bleached bones. | learned
that the small gleaming lights on the horizon were ships
belonging to yovos. Some of these ships were used for
pleasure, others transported our oil back to their lands.
War ships also sailed out there. I could not identify the
origin of these ships. Were they English, American or
French? I never knew.

Life in the coastal villages was very different from life
in my village. Replacing the traditional grass huts were
"modern" cement houses. Handmade signs advertised

local beer and foreign soft drinks. Trash and debris
the narrow, pothole-scarred roadways. In between the
villages lay small gardens, bare land with short grass and
soccer goal posts, and fields growing mostly corn and
cassava. Children with dirty feet, knees, hands and faces
roamed alongside animals, dangerously close to the taxis,
private vehicles and huge lorries that barreled down the
roadway in the middle of the night.

After three nights of travel, | arrived at the capital.
The bush taxi approached the city slowly as our driver
navigated potholes in the road that were often larger than
our vehicle. With no suspension in the vehicle, each
bump became a major jolt. When we stopped at the taxi
stand in the city center, I was assaulted by noises and
smells. The number of mortals swarming around the food
stands disoriented me, as did the abundance of food.
Women stood at each of the stands with small candles lit
next to the prepared sustenance to encourage a purchase.
1 took a seat at the nearest omelet stand and ordered a
Nescafe and Milo. Even at night it was hot outside, just
like most nights. Still, holding the warm drink in my
hands calmed me. | drew the cup to my nose and inhaled
deeply to drown out the smell of decay and fec:

I stumbled upon a small rooming house next to the
ocean and decided to stay there. I spent several nights
watching the government programs broadcast all night
(and | assume day) on the small black-and-white televi-
sion in my room. These shows promoted our current
president as a kind, benevolent man who implemented
many social initiatives for the people. Yet, the many
conversations I had overheard about this president in my
village and during the time I had spent traveling to the
capital told a different story. The years of being driven
around in an air-conditioned car, holding office in one of

the city's few skyscrapers and keeping his money in Swiss
bank accounts has made him lose touch with the people
of his country. His democratic ideals have gotten lost
during the 20 years he has been in power. Although he
dresses like the people and boasts a traditional name, he
speaks to his constituents in the language of the colonis
I guess it would be difficult for any man to learn the 40
different languages spoken in this country.

When I was on my way out the door, finally ready
and hungry enough to explore the capital, the rooming
house manager proudly informed me that the city had
all the advantages of a modern society anywhere, in-
cluding Europe. He offered to assist me with finding
anything I was looking for, and spoke fervently of the
city's vibrant nightlife. With his advice, I frequented
several clubs and bars that were established to cater to
the yovos and were now an accepted part of life here.
Mortals seemed to be uninhibited at these clubs, espe-
cially the yovos who proved to be the easiest victims.
However, I learned the best feeding places were the


to the beach after dark. My confidence in feeding
undetected grew rapidly as I soon discovered that those
crazed mortals wandering the beaches at night would
have no one searching for them the next day.

1 soon realized that money, something I never had
much need for in my village, was very important here.
Not only did things cost a lot more in the city, but bribes
were also expected for even the smallest services or
favors. Irritating, to say the least, but one look from me
and the mortals seemed to overlook their "dash" as they
called the bribes, with a wink. I saw many beggars as well.
Every street corner held a man or woman, most with
deformed, withered limbs, begging for money.

It quickly became apparent that the so-called mod-
ern technology of the past century was still a thin mask
over the cultural realities, including what was now con-
sidered "traditional" religion. Since the time when most
counties gained independence, now over 50 years ago,
the Akunanse have prospered here, exerting their influ-
ence over the city through the largest fetish market in
West Africa. The mortals still practiced their traditional
religions, perhaps only slightly more secretly and fur-
tively than when I wasachild. The marketplace prospered
despite the presence of Muslim and Christian faiths.

I soon discovered the answers to the Akunanse
legacy. As our unlives develop, our essence transforms
from the bodies inhabited during our lives, to new shapes,
taking on the features of snakes, monkeys, antelope and
other local animals. The mortals accepted us as a link to
their origins and their past and have created fetishes to
resemble and worship the Akunanse. Priests and priest-
esses from around the region come here now to buy their
food, clothing, beads and other supplies.

z

The woodcarvings, sold in the front of the market,
sometimes reach up to four feet high and represent both
our spirits and the Akunanse elders. The sculpted wood,
mostly teak, resembles our legacy in various stages as the
elders acquired their animalistic features. The Akunanse
also sell sculptures resembling human features some with
long tongues sticking out, others with startled expres-
sions, and many with disproportionately large penises to
symbolize fertility. The nail fetish was the most popular
figurine, and customers would commission craftspeople
tocreatea figure of a particular man or women. The buyer
would then drive nails into the torso, arms and head to
cleanse his or her soul of the negative feelings felt toward
that person.

The back of the store contained the most important
items. There the Akunanse sell dried human, animal and
reptile skins, skulls and teeth, as well as horns, porcupine
quills, roots, bark, herbs, and other powdered substances
to make gris-gris. We fashioned jewelry and leather bags
to wear the powerful gris-gris, whether it was to cure

currency when I wasa small child, were now used in many
of our rituals and were fashioned into jewelry. Our elders
held consultations in the back, in unlit rooms, throwing
loose cowry shells onto the dirt floor to divine the future
of both Laibon and mortals.

It seemed there was no end to what the yovos would
do to fascinate themselves with local culture. Yovos
actually paid the Akunanse money to observe our rituals
and dances. They would buy gris-gris to help them in love
or finance, and then we would take them to the beach to
watch traditional performances. | will not say they were
true believers, but they definitely walked away with a
sense of the unexplained... that is, if they walked away.

The drumming especially entranced foreigners. The
Djembe drum was critical to entering trances and posses-
sion by the spirits. The drummer would coax the spirit
witha wide range of tones, produced by the thin goatskin
covering the hand-carved wood base. The drums were
individualized with scenes of villages, animals and our
spiritual symbols. The drummers used their open hands
to slap the skin, varying where they hit to produce the
deep and high-pitched notes, and we danced rhythmi-
cally to invoke the spirits.

The Akunanse held power through traditional reli-
gion, or more accurately, the fear that traditional religion
held over the mortals. We rarely bothered with politics
and the corruption surrounding all things political. How-
ever, as the mortals clashed increasingly, so did the
legacies of the Laibon. A mere whisper was enough to set
off a coup or at least an attempt at one.

I do not think anyone, mortal or Laibon, is shocked
anymore by seeing a corpse by the side of the road. As the
mortals waged war and went hungry, as diseases ravaged
through their numbers, our feeding became easier and
easier, yet the Laibon grew more and more restless.
Maybe the lessening challenge caused us to divert our
attentions to one another.

During the latest coup, an opposition force to the
dictatorship in the country next door attempted to take
power, simply replacing one dictator with another. The
bloodshed was minor, with only 1,000 or so killed, but we
were able to display our power to the other Laibon. On
the other hand, maybe I am giving us too much credit. It
probably would have happened anyway.

My JOURNEY

1 left soon after along the coconut palmed tar road-
way adjacent to the beach. I was ready to explore new and
different languages, societies and religions. I traveled
west spending one night in the midst of a bloody coup and
the next night dancing in the moonlight at a rooftop club
overlooking white, glowing beaches. I stayed in tourist
hotels, with pools, hotel bars and private beaches, and I


stayed in one-room dives, filled with roaches, mice and
the smell of the mortals before me. I had become accus-
tomed to air conditioning, so much that the humid nights
caused me to glisten with a thin blood-sweat at times.
Both mortals and the Laibon turned to the urban
areas, leaving, as | did, the rural areas for excitement and
opportunity. I heard both optimism and pessimism about
the future of these countries and of the continent. For-

sn governments still have a strong hold on their former
colonies, encouraging debts that can never be paid through
fore:

"aid" programs and low-interest loans.

In each city I visited, I walked down similar winding
dirt paths to the slums. Those who have experienced
rural poverty cannoteven comprehend the destitution in
the urban areas. The open sewers running along rutted
paths and lack of toilets create an unbearable stench.
Mortals gather water for drinking and bathe in the same
meager streams running through the city. They pc

ess
no mechanical skills, nor can they read. Disease and
malnutrition ravage young and old alike. Family struc-
tures have broken down in these areas, and people are not
missed, including the children. In other words, it was a
perfect place to feed.

The poor, whose struggle is for the next meal, are easily
manipulated as pawns in the rivalries between the legacies
over the redistribution of wealth and power. Entire popu-
lations have been displaced and their meager infrastructure

destroyed. Little distinguishes civilians from military tar-
gets in the clashes. Soldiers arbitrarily gun down civilians

inside their own homes or round them up and massacre

them in the streets. They are burned alive in cars and
houses. They have had their limbs hacked off with ma-
gouged out with knives, hands smashed with

chetes, eye:

hammers and bodies burned with boiling water. War

tactics include systematically sexually abusing women and

girls. Governments and opposition forces use children to
fight the wars — forced to kill, maim and rape their fellow
countrymen. The children are the most discrete soldiers,
and they know how to follow orders without question. I
watched them kill and smear blood on their faces and arms
to prove that they are fierce warriors.

1 understand that outside this continent it is not so
squander natural wealth and
create famine. Does this occur because of the power that
the Laibon hold over these mortals, or is it simply that

easy to destroy economie:

those outside our continent do not care about the black
mortal's struggle? Most blame the Westerners.

The shadows of civil war waged in both Sierra Leone
and Liberia, their neighbors to the west and where | was
heading, have spread into the primarily peaceful country
of Cote d'Ivoire. The bush taxi stopped at the border
between Ghana and Sierra Leone and warned the driver
of the instability waiting for us in the capital, Abidjan. As
we drove through a series of mangrove swamps to the


Mediterranean
Sea

Tunisia

Morocco
Westennmoahara Hlgeels
Cape)
Verde
OL

Mali

ap Senegal Hig

Gambia, Sudan
Guineapbissau

Siennapleone

liberia

lligeria

Central African

Camaroon meth

ay

Angola

Democratic
Republic of A {s

the Congo pret

BPE ScoblomeQtaP inc

Tanzania

Atlantic
Ocean

lame Malawi

limbabwe &
eS
Botswana

SSifaziand

Li Beni

Chad Enithea

DSi bout

be )chel esr
12)

Gf)

Ss
$
$
RS
<


city, refugees were camped along the roadside. The
passengers were extremely critical of the refugees and
their lack of knowledge of the local languages or the
traditional (or official) rules of the area. I didn't know
either, but I felt confident that my informal education
and years of experience would allow me to accustom
rapidly to the changing languages and cultures. | was
right, and my largest fear — feeding — was never an
frvue he sumiber! of displaced| people: and' warring
factions made choosing a vessel simple.

The dark tree-lined highway opened up to a large
lagoon, introducing both the port and capital of Cote
d'Ivoire, Abidjan. Abidjan was a beautiful city, and much
more sophisticated than any | had been in before. I stayed
quite poshly at a modern resort hotel, surrounded by
wide, shady boulevards and gardened squares. Several
cultural buildings were also in the area. I'm sure that
before there were dead bodies lying by the side of the road,
there were plentiful European visitors.

I found that traditional religion was prevalent, though
the country has two of the largest Catholic cathedrals in
the world. I can only wonder about the missionaries and

Central Africa

Republic

emocratic
[ Republic of
the Congo

Angola

lambia

what they hope to accomplish in Africa. There are more
Muslims here than Christians, and even so, the majority
worships ancestors above any god.

However, it soon became obvious that this city was
run by the French. Considered the financial center of
French-speaking West Africa, France seemed to take this
small country seriously and stationed its own troops in
the city to keep order. The modern city still had several
"European style" nightclubs, populated by the French
soldiers, and this kept me occupied, and well fed, for
several weeks. | left at the same time the French and other
foreigners were evacuated due to the unrest.

As the border between Cote d'Ivoire and Liberia was
often closed along the coast, | decided to follow the
violence due north, to the regional capital of Bouake,
then continuing through the forests in Cote d'Ivoire.
The forests were still untouched by modernization, pro-
tected from logging, slash-and-burn farming practices
and poachers. I saw chimpanzees, forest elephants, pygmy
hippos and other types of monkeys for the first time.

I was tempted to travel directly to Guinea, only a
couple miles away, now that! was north, but! was curious


to see the effects of years of civil war on both Liberia and
Sierra Leone. So after crossing the border, I again headed

toward the coast.

Although experiencing unrest, Cote d'Ivoire was

still in good condition compared to Liberia, still recov-
ering from the seven-year civil war that ended in the
late 1990s. In direct contract to Abidjan, Monrovia, the
capital of Liberia, had very few tourism facilities. The

crime rate in the city is high, and I bore witness to theft

and assault each night while feeding. Traveling through
Liberia by car was even more hazardous than my own
country, whose road system seemed pristine in compari-
son. The entire infrastructure of the country was gone.
The people had little or no regard for one another,
which was ironic since the country was founded by freed
slaves from America, the capital named after president
James Monroe.

The people here are numb, and it makes unlife for the
Laibon easy. The city is overrun by red ants, said to be so
plentiful because of the plentiful mortal flesh for them to
feed upon. Even tonight, young children play with hu-
man skulls. I slept in an abandoned church with

bloodstains on the altar and bullet holes in the walls.

Eritrea

However, the whitewashed church offered me a haven
compared to the dense slums outside its walls.

Sierra Leone was more of the same. Freetown, as the
capital is inappropriately named, was a nice city at one
time, but now it has fallen into disrepair, with the
amputees begging on the sides of the road. Having
enough of the war-torn countries of Liberia and Sierra
Leone, I entered Guinea. Large numbers of refugees
camped along the border. It was obvious that the effects
of the war had spilled over to this country and relations

were strained. Recent fighting at the junction of Guinea's
border with Sierra Leone and Liberia made crossing
difficult. Already burdened by an inadequate infrastruc-
ture anda w from the

civil war in Sierra Leone have overwhelmed Guinea.

ak economy, thousands of refugee:

vel |

I continued a short distance, one night's tr
lorry to Conakry, the capital of Guinea. It seemed v

tich compared to the cities I had just visited. After
viewing endless green plains, I could now see the dark

shapes of mountains in the distance and hillsides even

closer. I expected the Laibon to be more powerful, but
they seemed closed off from the world around them and
lacking in drive to attain power. Finding victims who

=
<0 jitauti

Ethiopia

Democratic
Republic of
the Congo


MALARIA

Malaria is a disease of the blood that has ‘had (and continues to have) a devastating éffect on the population
of sub-Saharan Africa. It is important to-understand the disease as nearly one in four Africans has it. In fact,
malaria is responsible for one in evéry four childhood deaths in Africa, Eventually, a Laibon will probably be
exposed to the illness and suffer from it,

Plasmodium isa group of single-cell animal parasites that feed onth€ red blood cells of many mammals, birds
and'teptiles. Therearefour human malarial species — P, falciparum, P. ovale, P. malariae and P. vivax. Falciparum
is byfar the most dangerous and the most common in Africa. Certain Anopheles'mosquitoes transmit malaria,
as the parasite needs to undergo a crucial development within the female before itis able to affect another host:
Malaria can also be transmitted via any other type of blood transferalk between an. infected host and a non-
infected host, however (such as'blood transfusion}. Embrace):

Whenva mortal is infected with malaria, the parasites head straight to herliver. There, depending on the
species of Plasmodium, the parasite remains dormant for a week to nearly two yeats or. longer. When the parasite
finally;comes out of its resting phase, ittéproduces 10,000 to. 30,000 merozoites, which invade the blood stream.
In the blood stréam, thesé"parasites ffivade the red blood cells, feeding on them as they continue to grow and
divide (each merozoite produces an additional 10-30 parasites), finally bursting out and destroying the red blood
céll. Malarial: parasites are able to affect approximately 40 percent of all red' blood cells before their death.

The mortal host suffers froma multitude of symptoms, The classic cycle is very simple. First, the hostsuecumbs
to severé'chills that Can last forseveral hours: As the chills finally diminish, the victim is wracked with a fever
thatcameachas high as 104 degrees. This fever lasts anywhere froma few hours to a day. When the fever finally
breaks; the Mortal feels more or less well' The cycle can repeat itself every other day for a period of a few weeks,

finally diminishing in severity if the host survives the initial onslaught. The fever is a direct result of the rupturing
4 of Rerred blodd cells and waste material from the parasite entering her blood'stream. There is the chance that
capillaries to the brain'can cloeduring this process, leading to coma and-death,

While no cure for malaria exists; the parasite can be somewhat controlled with medication. This protocol varies
from country to country, as many strains of Falciparum are now resistanit to some of the anti-malarial drugs, The most
common Way mortals in the area deal with the disease is by developing a limited immunity, Infected mothers‘can

pass this on to their children, but for the most part, it's a Nietzschean thing: By continuing to expose herself to the
J parasite; the mortal does not avoid infection, but decreases the rate and severity of the "attacks" and speeds up her
recovery time. This is a limited type of immunity'that usually abates when the mortal leaves the malarial areas

Whatdoes:this mean for the Laibon? Just as the female *mosquito:transfers,the-parasité when she bites an
infected mortal and then bites anon-infected mortal, the Laibon can do.the same if he feeds from or Embraces
a‘mortal or places*one under his influence» He'can also succumb to the.symptoms of malaria if he drains an
infected mortal's blood The symptoms he would suffer from would mimic those of a mortal, and his Physical and
Mental Attributes would greatly diminish for the period of the fever, usually 24-48"hours. If the Laibon fed
enough times Otfinfected mortals, he could porentially fall dormant and slumber for an indeterminate amount
of time;as he is obtaining a¢ompromised source of diminished and damaged vitae. Atthe very least, he faces
the-veryereal threat of unconsciousness'and, depending where that "attack" occurred, the Laibon:could be
exposed to the rays of the rising:sun:

A ee

However, | couldn't spend long in these countries if I

would not be missed was notas easy, but the mortals were
was to take advantage of the recently opened boarder to

trusting and more innocent. The coast leading up to

A 5 Senegs rly close > to disputes over offshore oi
Guinea-Bissau was primarily swamps, rain forest and Senegal, formerly closed due to disputes over offshore oil,

mangrove-covered wetlands. Islands dotted the view fishing rights and separatists from Senegal's Casamance

from Guinea-Bissau. I spent several nights on the islands,  T8ion operating from bases within Guinea-Bissau. I was
anxious to reach the Sahel, a part of Africa I have imagined
for centuries. The missionaries had told my village of the

t Sahara Desert, covering most of North Africa, the

untouched by foreigners discovering both ancient mortal
and animal influences. I learned that the Laibon traveled
here every year to attend the Bissau carnival, dressing in <
masks and colored costumes ranging from small sharks to _latgest desert in the world and the defining line for sub
Saharan Africa. My entire lifeand unlife has been surrounded
by lush verdure, and I hungered for the offerings of the desert

and the wisdom I hoped to find with the Laibon there

large hippo masks that require carved legs to hold them
up. I had just missed it by two months.

129 cers


I reached Dakar, Africa's most western point, in the
middle of the night. The air of the city was stifling, heavy
with the diesel fumes of the lorries and taxis. Despite the
pollution, the Mediterranean climate attracted more
foreigners to this city than I had everseen before. The city
was a mixture of European sophistication and local squa-
lor. Like many of the countries in the Sahel, the region
now called Senegal was once part of great kingdoms.
Europeans reached Senegal during their explorations,
and some of the greatest wars between the Kindred and
the Laibon were fought here. Dakar was the capital city
forall of West Africa at the time that I lived in my village,
and I heard many stories about the wars in this region.

Although Senegal is neither a large nor a strategi-
cally located country, it has nonetheless played a
prominent role in both Laibon and African politics since
its independence from colonial rule. The dominance of
Muslim and close economic, political and cultural ties to
France create a unique situation. Tonight, Muhammad's
faith dominates the country, but as with most countries,
the mortals have tied local traditions to foreign religions.
The local marabouts (healers and holy men) hold consid-
erable social and political power and are believed to have
a link directly to their god, Allah.

It was here that I refined and practiced my healing
powers through the use of herbs and powders, something
I had grown out of touch with on my recent travels. As
religion touches every facet of life here and helps the
mortals cope with their meager lives, including sickness,
I was able to gather great wealth by consulting on matters
pertaining to health. I provided mortals with herbs and
roots to cleanse their souls, as well as their bodies. Some
were so ravaged with disease that I ended their sad lives
right then.

The foreigners in Dakar were mostly expatriates:
American, German, English, Lebanese and French who
have given up their citizenship in their own countries and
now reside here, either because of their fascination with
the country, or in most cases to escape something or
someone back home. They taught at schools, worked in
hospitals and exported our art and jewelry. They also ran
restaurants, bars and "cyber cafés." I once visited one of
these cafés, where one can access the Internet while
listening to blasting pop music. It was there that |
overheard a French mortal, running the hot café with its
meager air conditioning, trying to convince patrons to
sign up on a tour to the national park. I laughed at the
thought of paying a white man to take me to see lions,
elephants, crocodiles and hippopotami. Most govern-
ments, no doubt under foreign influence, regulate the
hunting of large animals and have instead created parks
to protect these indigenous animals. As the governments
pocket the money from the tourists, they also profit from
the government-regulated export of ivory and skins out

acum 130 com

of our country by the truckload, typical of the corruption
and illegal practices that are more often the norm than
the exception in our political system.

After I had enough of the coast and the expatriates
living like small gods in their enclaves, insulated from
the world around them with high walls and guards
protecting their compounds, I decided to head into the
interior of Africa.

The tall, slender Senegalese, different from those of
the southwest coast, merged into the majestic Malians.
As I traveled I watched the slow, subtle change of both
people and the landscape from the edge of the rain forest,
across the savanna and into the arid Sahel and the
country of Mali.

Most of Mali, in West Africa, lies landlocked in the
Sahara. Caravan routes have passed through Mali for
over 2,000 years, and the remnants of the countries'
magnificent empires are still visible tonight.

I traveled by rail from Dakar to Bamako, the small
but bustling capital city of Mali. As with most transport,
the railroad was in very poor condition, but I was able to
secure a rail car all to myself for a relatively small price.
The rail, more than the river upon the banks of which the
city was founded, brought growth to Bamako. I then
continued by a small passenger boat on the River Niger
to Mopti. The boat ran only at certain times of the year,
and then only depending on the amount of rain received
each year. As the boat departed at dusk, I went upstairs to
the deck and watched as the market stalls on the edge of
the river became smaller and the advancing Sahara
desert grew larger.

The Niger is one of the world's great rivers. It winds
through the Sahara and Mali until it meets the Republic
of Niger and then Benin before flowing through Nigeria
tothe Atlantic Ocean. The only green in the Sahara, and
therefore the only food, is adjacent to the river. Histori-
cally, the flow caused the success and failure of entire
villages. It is host to farmers in dire need of the water,
fishermen who live on the river and nomads who bring
their animals to drink.

Several yovos were on the boat, as Timbuktu held
mystery and excitement not understood by my fellow
Africans. Timbuktu was once rumored to have hous
covered in gold, but tonight the architecture features
mud brick buildings, city walls and dwindling markets.
The young yovos, looking for adventure, or just the
ability to say they have visited Timbuktu, were fascinated
by the desert, but then so was I.

The desert was unlike anything I had experienced
before. It was cool at night and the boat drifted lazily
along the river. I was not the only being to emerge at
night. The boats teemed with both the living and the
undead. We watched the passing shoreline silently,


where small mud mosques dotted the landscape, as did
herds of cattle and the Tuareg nomads who wandered
with them, their faces lit by small fires along the
riverbanks. The nomadic Tuaregs are thought to be the
first inhabitants in the Sahara region, and the founders
of Timbuktu, which began as a small Tuareg village over
3,000 years ago.

The Tuaregs sold their metal and leather goods at
each port. They are believed to be the original Canaanites
from the Christians' Bible. The markings and geometri-

cal design of the Tuareg crosses and jewelry symbolize
good luck and protect them from evil or harm. Their faith
was so strong that rumors among the Laibon state that the
Tuareg people cannot be touched. In some domains, this
has even become custom or tradition. | did not test this
theory during my time, as I was entranced by their
traditional hold on life and had my choice of mortals to
feed upon on the boat.

As the boat continued to drift slowly down the river,
we passed canoes, barges and other small boats. Several
transported large plastic containers filled with water. The
polluted water fetches a high price at several of the
interior markets and is a valuable commodity. Empty
villages and, inexplicably, dead animals lay scattered
along the shoreline as erosion along the banks combined
with the encroaching desert has caused whole communi-
ties to pack up and move.

131

I disembarked at a port in Dogon County. The
(yovos planned a day trip to the famed circumcision cave
located high above the Dogon settlements, and it sad-
dened me to think that the Dogon allowed the yovos to
view this sacred place and the wall paintings created by
the newly circumcised men.

I was planning a night trip to visit an ancient legacy
The
sparse, rocky plateau had been isolated topographically
and culturally from the outside world. Much still remains
unknown of the ancient ones, believed to be of Egyptian
descent. While there, | found that the Laibon elders
danced amid the mortals with their ornate carved and
painted masks placed securely on their faces. One of the

dwelling in caves alongside the Dogon mortal:

ancient ones had literally taken on the form of an
immense serpent and is revered by the Dogon as the
"Great Mask." The mortals believe the Laibon are evi-
dence of the appearance of death on Earth. | learned a
great deal from these ancient walkers of the night.

I continued my travels to Gao before heading east to
the country of Niger by taxi. There I sought out a griot in
order to more fully understand what I had learned from
the Dogon. Griots, thought of as "containers of words,"

possess the art of speaking and listening. They tell oral
histories, passed down for generations. They are respon-
sible forthe African peoples' great remembering of things
that would otherwise have fallen into oblivion, and

Pete se ere SWS

through speech the griots recount history, provide ad-
vice, serve as spokespeople, interpret the words of others
into different languages, play music and compose songs
and tunes, report news and witness important life cer-
emonies. The local griot told me the stories of the Dogon,
their history and their ties to the beginning of my legacy.
The griot knew what I was and what I was to become, yet
he never feared for his life or well being. He warned me
that my unlife of moving among the living was not long
and that my features would soon repel those I allowed to
gaze upon me. My sense of urgency increased, yet I was
not sure what I was looking for — only that I still had
much to learn.

When I arrived in the outskirts of the capital of
Niger, Niamey seemed like an old village with clusters of
huts, each with tightly bound straw roofs and mud-brick
walls. Thin dust permeated the air while mosque turrets,
with their competing loud speakers to call the Muslims to
prayer, dotted the horizon. Camels and donkeys trotted
lazily along the dark paths. A large market, lit by candles,
dominated the center of town, and | went there to
replenish my supply of herbs and medicines. I wandered
through the narrow aisles smelling familiar powders and
strange spices. Vegetables lay stacked in small piles, as did
dried fish and small bowls of insects. The market was
crowded and noisy with the sound of people haggling
over price or inspecting the goods. While there, I visited
with the local sorcerers, who were also Laibon. They told
me this story:

In ancient times, when the rain would stop suddenly in
the middle of the storm season, the people would worry, for
without rain we would suffer. The goats would die, the fruit
would wither, and new children would not be born.

In such situations, the gods need blood, for it is com-
monly believed that if the gods drink blood, then they will
provide rain. It was during one of these times that the local
priest killed a goat on the grave of a powerful ancestor.

No rain came for many days. The priests prayed under
the great baobab for rain, but again none came. The priests
decided to make another sacrifice on the grave of the ancestor,
this time offering human blood. They sacrificed a small boy
for the sake of future generations. Surprisingly, it rained
before the ceremony was over.

It is because of this story, I believe, that the Laibon
are accepted into the Niger way of life.

I found few luxuries in Niamey, with most of these
reserved for the yovos. I went toa local "movie house,"
which was just a mortal with a TV and VCR playing
movies, but my French was as bad as the film. There I
ran into a fou, or crazy person, who had no fear of me
and threatened my unlife with his machete. He spoke
in his own language and had the remains of a shackle
on his wrist.

I was restless in this hot, dry city. | heard music
playing in the distance and went to investigate and
came across a large funeral. The mortals do not sleep for
days and nights during an important funeral. The de-
ceased was wealthy, judging from the quality of the
wax-print material used to create the canopy, sheltering

the attendees from the hot sun during the day and scarce
possibility of rain during the night. The family members
of the dead man also provided an abundance of food and
drink. Drunken mortals spilled out from under the
shelter. Music blared from a cassette player competing
with the live musicians who sang and pounded on the
drums. The deceased was laid out to rest in the front of
the festivities. I joined in the dancing for a while,
starting slowly, gradually mounting my dance in inten-
sity. I felt refreshed.

I did not stay in Niamey long, and I traveled south to
Lagos, arriving during a downpour after two nights'
travel. Contemporary Nigeria is a state of nations and
nationalities. The wide diversity of religions, political
groups and cultures has had a huge impact on society
tonight. Some call Lagos the New York City of West
Africa. I can only assume that New York City has mortals
everywhere, and where people aren't, cars are. In the
remaining space, vendors hawk their goods. I also won-
dered if people were stoned to death in New York. The
Nigerian government, supporting Islamic law, sentenced
a Nigerian woman to be stoned to death for having sex
outside of marriage.

It is commonly known that the Laibon flourish and
clash in Nigeria. They have influence over the country
through crime, drug trafficking, prostitution and, of course,
witchcraft. The mortal news channels on television were
dominated with the results of their depredations. Stories
included two young girls making a confession that they
turn into rats every midnight, turning back to normal
before daybreak. They disclosed that they were asked to
kill their guardian by bringing ill health to his household.
Elsewhere it was rumored that a group of youths formed
a "witchcraft gang," unleashing sorrow on the inhabit-
ants of their area. The gang specialized in killing people,
including its members' own parents. The gang also en-
gaged in extortion and other acts of terrorism.

Prostitution thrives in Nigeria and every night, young
girls who were once poor now wear expensive dresses and
lead affluent lifestyles. These girls start out young and
fresh, but within months, they contract HIV, a mortal
disease. As with most African countries, AIDS is the
fastest-growing problem in Nigeria, reaching nearly epi-
demic proportions.

Restaurants, bars and nightclubs do booming
business in this country. While I was there, many
Laibon frequented an underground nightclub inside

the basement of one of the high-rise hotels. While
Nigeria had moved its capital from Lagos to Abuja,
Lagos was still the primary city in the country and it
was here that I enjoyed some of the finer things. I
stayed at one of the tourist hotels on the coast, amid
the skyscrapers housing the country's commercial,
financial and educational institutions.

The rains had already made the exterior of my hotel
a bit shabby, but the inside was decorated exotically,
down to the stuffed antelope, lion and elephant. | often
frequented the hotel bar, where crime and politics domi-
nated the conversation — themes | heard repeatedly
during my travels.

Part of the reason for the density of Laibon in Nigeria
was the crude oil wealth in the Niger Delta. Power
struggles between the legacies play out nightly through
puppet politicians, environmentalists and human-rights
activists. The large oil corporations are infested with
modern Laibon investors, providing a method to hide
their increasing wealth. Somehow, the oil money keeps
"getting lost" into foreign bank accounts. Oil, which
could potentially have allowed Nigeria to be one of the
wealthiest countries in Africa, has instead led it to
become one of the poorest.

Nigeria's stability has been repeatedly threatened
by fighting between fundamentalist Muslims and Chris-
tians over the spread of Islamic law (Shari'a) across the
heavily Muslim north. More than 10,000 people have
died in religious clashes since military rule ended in
1999. In February of 2002, about 100 people were killed
in Lagos during battles between the Islamic Hausas from
the north and Yorubas from the Christian-dominated
southwest. Christian and Muslim leaders in Kaduna
state signed a peace accord in August, promising to
crack down on violence.

The rivalries among the Laibon in the city are
intense, and my unlife was in danger without protection
from fellows of my legacy. As left the city, I noticed that,
ironically, long lines of cars and lorries wound around
each of the gas stations. While oil is exported by the
thousands of gallons, the nation has too few refineries to
process the fuel for the Nigerian people, or any other
people in West Africa for that matter. After spending
several hours searching Lagos for a car that would have
enough fuel, I was finally successful and drove southeast.
Along the way, we passed more than a dozen military
roadblocks manned by drunken soldiers holding semi-
automatic weapons. At some of these roadblocks along
the way, soldiers demanded money from our driver in
order to continue. Most drivers pay, considering it a toll,
and they pass the costs along to the passengers.

Some checkpoints are more threatening than others,
depending on the type of government agency manning
them. Military was the most common, but I also saw

Rew i
DP ay mans bee

police, security and customs agents. Our taxi was forced
to remain at one of the checkpoints for several hours for
no apparent reason before being allowed to move on.
Frustrated, I left the taxi behind and continued on foot.

I headed toward one of the primary Yoruba villages.
I wanted to visit the Yoruba because I suspect many of our
Laibon legacies originated from the Yoruba culture. The
Yoruba are powerful, and span several countries, not just
Nigeria. They are one of Africa's largest ethnic groups,
with more than 10 million mortals. The Yoruba believe
that the dead continue to "live" in much the same way
they lived in the mortal world, and their deities (evil and
good) have a large influence on everyday life.

I was primarily interested in their belief of the deity,
Eshu, a divine trickster. When I arrived, I sought out the
head priest. The priest, a beautiful Guruhi, greeted me
wearing a crown made of old and new cloth, thousands of
tiny beads and eight bird carcasses, said to assist him with
divining the messages from his god.

He explained that Eshu is the messenger of the gods
and is able to manipulate the destiny of mortals. He is the
youngest, most agile and quick-witted deity, and he
causes trouble for those who neglect the other gods. Eshu
is both kind and cruel. I sought the advice of this god, as
he is said to assist both mortals and Laibon through their
lives and unlives.

I wanted guidance from Eshu for the direction that I
needed to take next. The Guruhi priest offered me the use
of his divining tray to assist in understanding the me:
sages, brought to me by a spiritual guide. He placed 16
palm nuts on the tray and manipulated them in such as
way that I was able to discover the course of my fate.
Through the advice of Eshu, the path of my unlife became
more definitive.

I left the Yoruba reluctantly, but my future was not in
this country.

My New VILLAGE

I left Nigeria for Cameroon, only to find that new
disputes over the oil-rich, mosquito-infested Bakassi Pen-
insula had closed the bridge over the border. I did not feel
comfortable traveling among the mortals any longer, so
I traveled by foot instead. Insects plagued me until the
heavy rain fell in torrents. I could no longer see the
pathway in front of me due to the downpour, and debris
floated rapidly past me, but the rain stopped within
minutes. My clothes were dry soon, and it was only
minutes before the insects returned. | began to wonder if
I would like this country.

Cameroon is a Central African nation on the Gulf
of Guinea. France set up Cameroon and with the recent
expansion of oil, timber and coffee exports, the economy
is stable, though as with all of the countries I visited,
official corruption is prevalent and environmental


degradation runs rampant. As | continued through
the dense forests, I decided to head for Yaounde, the
country's capital.

I arrived in Yaounde after several nights travel. |
found that it had a mixture of the modern and the
traditional, as did most African capitals, but in much
larger scale. I searched for something new, something
different. Colorful dresses hung next to fruit and veg-
etables on street corners. Goats and sheep grazed on
vacant pieces of land. | walked up and down the numer-
ous hills in the city, along the twisting and turning
streets, viewing the mix of futuristic buildings adjacent to

shanties with corrugated iron roofs. Music blared out of

from the clubs and discos, and the mortals lined up
outside were already dancing.

I walked over to the food stalls next to the taxi stands
tosearch for differences in the mortal's faces, in the foods
they ate, the languages they spoke. I can no longer
distinguish one culture from another. They have all
become mortals to me. Mortals who have lost their
traditional ways and traditional tongues. They fight here
because one part of the country speaks English and the
other part French. This is further complicated by the
array of ethnic groups.

My travels have made me weary and I would like to
find a small village where I can practice my sorcery in
isolation from others like me. | continued north, where in
stark contrast to the barren Sahara and the pasturelands
of Nigeria, the terrain turned to the dense jungle of my
youth. My journey led me past elephants, lions, giant
eland, bongos, chimpanzees, crocodiles and birds.

I passed through many small villages until 1 found
one that reminded me of the village of my childhood. It
seems so very long ago, but I remember it fondly. The
sorcerer in this small village died recently. I will take over
preading word of my power. | will not let them
ept for in the dimly lit shadow of the night, as
my serpentine features have become more prevalent.
Some may die, especially those who threaten my exist-
ence, but with my help many more will live.

Hopefully this is where my story ends.

Sarah has tried to teach me the importance
of writing in both English and French, but I
think I am keeping this journal mostly to please
her. I am not sure if what I feel for her is the
same as what she says she feels for me, but that
is unimportant in the end. So, while she goes off
and visits with someone she should stay away
from, I will try and write down all that has
happened in the last two months. When she
returns, I know she will be happy to see that I've
done this, though I suspect I won't show her this
opening paragraph.

Let's start at the beginning. After Sarah had
her vacation approved by her Peace Corps
supervisor, she came back to post with two
tickets on Cameroon Airlines for Nairobi, Kenya.
I was surprised that she still wanted me to go,
and I think she was disappointed that I did not
seem more excited. It is hard for me to admit
that I am afraid to travel so far from home. I
have never known anyone from this village or
the next who has gone beyond Yaounde, our
capital, 50 kilometers away. Being from America,
Sarah doesn't realize the difficulties we have
moving around, with all the military check-
points and papers we must carry. And even if
we do have the correct paperwork, many offi-
cials find "errors" that require money to correct.
However, I put aside my concerns and finally
smiled at her. We packed quickly and took a
bush taxi all the way to the airport. I have to
admit, traveling with her is comfortable be-
cause she can afford to buy out the whole car for
the journey. So nice to travel without livestock
in my lap, for a change.

I suppose I have to believe her when Sarah
tells me she wants me for my company and not
as some kind of bodyguard or translator. When
we arrived at Kenyatta International Airport in
Nairobi, (I can't even begin to describe what
flying is like... my words aren't that good) she
expertly weaved past the horde of men thrust-
ing necklaces and the like in her face without a
backward glance at me. Even though I am not
Kenyan, the sellers recognized I was not the one
with the money to spend on frivolous goods, and
so they focused their attention on her and the
others from the plane with white skin. I was,
however, not familiar with this city and let
Sarah take the lead, happy enough to follow.
She immediately headed to the Peace Corps
office in Nairobi for a few recommendations of
cheap places for us to stay, and we found what
we were looking for down on Latema Road at the
Iqbal Hotel readily enough. Right next to the
hotel was the aptly named Supreme Restaurant
Cd must admit that most places here either have
an outlandish name, or a very basic one) and
after consuming a huge, "all-you-can-eat" In-
dian buffet lunch at the place, Sarah arranged
to take us on a cheap safari. Then we did a little
sightseeing downtown. I am a little uncomfort-
able with her paying for everything, though.
My family tells me I should enjoy it and let her
do everything because she will return soon
enough to her home and forget all about me.


What I haven't told them is that Sarah has
promised to take me back with her.

I guess I would describe Nairobi as an almost
cosmopolitan city in the European sense as
Sarah has explained it to me, encompassed by
the savanna and two mountains in the back-
ground: Mt. Kenya and Kilimanjaro. Despite
Sarah's white skin, we certainly didn't stand
out there like we do back here in my small
village. Nairobi is obviously a hub for all sorts
of international travelers, too. Most, I am told,
come to see the animals, but a fair number of
tour companies (mostly British) conduct months-
long overland tours in big, Bedford trucks. The
people camp across the continent of Africa that
way. Nairobi, Sarah explained, is sometimes
the origin point or the end point for these trips,
depending on if they're going east to West
Africa or vice versa, and it's fairly easy to spot
both types of travelers. Those starting out on
their adventures tend to be pink and just a little
bit plump, while those at the end are leaner,
dustier and almost weathered, I suppose. I've
seen a few of those trucks rumble past my mud
house in Awae, coating the sides of the road
with thick, orange dust in the dry season or
becoming mired in the mud during the wet
season. Sarah draws a little more attention
than I do when these trucks pass through town.
It seems that whenever they see a white face,
they assume that person owes them some sort
of hospitality and they always came to her for
aid. They don't understand that the volunteers
are here to help us... make a difference some-
how for us and not sit in a big truck just passing
through the country and waving.

We deftly avoided the tourists and moved
deeper into the city. It was very interesting to
see that Nairobi, like so many of the worldwide
cities I have managed to read about, had very
different flavors to its various quarters. As I
wrote before, I could find a wonderful Indian
section, eat until I was ready to burst, and then
duck down another street where Sarah could
have her hands and feet dyed with henna in
the Hausa style. And, of course, the keen-eyed
Pakistani shopkeeper near our "hotel," noting
Sarah's camera bag, assured her of his one-
hour photo processing for her post-safari
pictures, even though the city was so primitive
that an ebony-skinned Masai woman herded
her gaunt cattle past his door. She flashed me
a brief smile, and I was momentarily startled
by how white her teeth were. I smiled back at

‘ ANMiy)

TTT,

aT.
Ai +

WN

\

> 135 «

eee SNE

her and then at the shopkeeper as Sarah
promised to bring her film only to him. He
nodded and pointed at the Kodak sticker in the
window sagely.

By the time Sarah had bought the few
supplies she thought we still needed for our
excursion, with me dutifully carrying the vari-
ous plastic sacks, evening had come. Sarah
looked at me and I knew exactly what she
wanted to do. Since I first met her, I was
stunned by her love of the night. I don't know
if it is indicative of all Americans, but Sarah
shows no fear of the darkness. And, while I
would never say it to her directly (and I should
probably not even write this down), she fool-
ishly goes where she shouldn't in the darkness
and asks questions better left unspoken. So
when I looked into her green eyes, I knew she
wanted to find some secluded spot, perch like a
large bird and watch the evening unfold. I
finally agreed, as I am less fearful of the dark
when I am in a city with all of its bright lights
and noise. Sarah has told me that in so many of
the countries she has traveled through, night-
time is like a different world. As many of these
cities depend on the tourist trade for their
money, there is always a constant hawking of
goods. But the night is their own. Most tourists
scurry back to their hotels, hostel or sleeping
bags, having taken to heart all the stories of
robberies at knifepoint or worse. Sarah has
done enough traveling that she feels comfort-
able moving about at night and can recognize a
potentially dangerous situation. Once again, I
am reminded that she brought me here because
she likes my company and doesn't need my
protection. I wish I felt as certain as she does,
though we Africans have always known that
the night is a different and strange place. Soon
enough, I found a small, rooftop café, ordered
two beers for us and let her watch the night
happen around her.

Many of the stalls that had been selling
carved ebony statues, malachite chess sets and
woven bags during the day were boarded over
until the following morning, but others remained
open for business. "New York isn't the only city
that never sleeps," Sarah laughed, and I smiled
and nodded, not really understanding her joke.
Well-dressed men promised those who walked
past that the liquid in the tiny bottles they had
would cure anything and everything from boils
to AIDS. And these "snake-oil salesmen," as
Sarah called them, commanded a crowd. Still

nomena 136 <

more sold bootleg cassettes with their horrible,
tinny quality (am now spoiled listening to music
on Sarah's radio, even though we do have to run
it off her motorcycle's battery most nights), but
now they directed their sales pitch to other
Kenyans. Or perhaps it is better to call them
Nairobians. It sounds cliché, but Nairobi is a
melting pot of ethnicities. Many of the groups in
this city must have migrated here from other
countries at some point, because more than one
ethnicity characterized the local people.

I was startled by the striking beauty of a
group of men who laughed their way past the
cassette salesman. They were all about the
same age, and I wondered if they were brothers
because of their too-similar features. While
they moved through the streets with the ease of
those who have lived there all their lives, I
noted that their features were not typically
African. They must have descended from Ara-
bic lines as their skin was the color of coffee
with cream and their glossy, black hair hung
down in loose waves to nearly their shoulders.
One of them stopped to inspect the seller's
wares, and I watched, fascinated, as the cas-
sette man shrank from his approach. One of the
exotic-looking men talked to him for a bit, and
the cassette man never looked him in the eye.
In fact, no one who passed by them looked
directly at them. Sarah noticed the exchange as
well and asked if perhaps these men were a part
of a Kenyan Mafia. After explaining the term to
me, I thought it would make sense that there
would be some sort of dominant family or group
that had sway in the city, given the fact that the
official government is so corrupt, though not as
bad as some central African nations or those
further south. I just didn't know for certain.

While I contemplated the nature of corrup-
tion on both the grand and small scales, one of
the exotic men looked up at Sarah. He must
have felt her staring, so he shot her a glance
that made the color rise in her face. I sensed
that she wanted to look away in embarrass-
ment, but he was so compelling shejust couldn't.
Jealously, part of me thought her blush must
have been like a beacon in the night and
everyone must have been watching, but an-
other part of me suspected that they thought
they were the only two people in the world. I
honestly don't know what might have happened
if their wordless exchange had continued any
longer, because in the next moment a sullen-
faced waitress shuffled over to ask if I wanted


another beer, and she broke Sarah's line of
sight. I angrily told her to go away and looked
back at the man, but he was gone. I scanned the
whole street of stalls but I couldn't see either
him or his brothers. I noticed the cassette man
was gone as well. Sarah refused to meet my
questioning glance and toyed with her beer
bottle. Feeling both an indefinable sense of
disappointment and relief, I decided that we
needed to go back to the hotel and pack our bags
for the safari Sarah had scheduled on the
following day. I startled Sarah by taking charge
momentarily, but she quietly agreed. The streets
were full of odd shadows, and the nightly
prayer call from the Arabic quarter echoed
down the alleys.

The safari Sarah booked lasted only a week
and now I admit that I wish I could've stayed
longer. We spent the whole time in the Masai-
Mara game reserve and I think I could spend my
whole life there. I was afraid to tell Sarah that
I am much happier away from the confines of
city life. After a bit, I start to feel stifled by all
the stone and metal buildings, and choked out by
all the filthy exhaust from the cars and buses.
That is where she lives in her country, though,
and I suppose that is where I will have to live if
she keeps her word and brings me with her. So
it is best to keep quiet about those things.

"The only difference between this reserve
and the Serengeti is an invisible line known as
the Kenya-Tanzania border," she explained to
me. Neither name meant much, but Sarah said
most people know the area by the second
name. We saw all the Big Five (that is how
tourists refer to the lion, elephant, rhino, Cape
buffalo and the leopard) in the first day. It was
toward the end of the rainy season in East
Africa and everything was so green, like it is
at home after the rains. The veldt, or savanna,
was like an emerald carpet spreading out
toward the horizon, and it's hard to believe
that the sun will bake the land to a withered
gold in only a few short months and animals
will have to huddle around tiny breaks in the
parched earth to lap up a little moisture. That's
months from now and part of nature's cycle. I
understand and accept the cycles, but Iam not
sure if Sarah does.

As an example of the fierce reality that is
the bush, our guide, Moboya, found an intense
sight for us on our first day out. We had been
bumping along a dirt track for a few hours,
something I am very used to but, as I could see

by their pained expressions, many of the tour-
ists were not. It had warmed up enough that
most of us had already removed the sweaters
and long pants necessary to stave off the
perpetually overcast morning chill and were
now wearing only shorts and T-shirts. The
guide's keen eyes caught two vultures circling
some brush and we tore over in our Land
Cruiser, as though the big cats themselves were
after us. As we slowed up, the six anonymous
tourists traveling with us employed their cam-
eras with their zoom lenses, but there was no
need for any telephoto enhancement. Our guide
had brought us face to face with the site of a
fresh kill. A lioness (they are the ones who do
most of the hunting in the pride) had killed a
Thompson's gazelle (Sarah identified the

ZIASIS (OR SCHISTOSOMIASIS)
nother blood disease that poses threarwithin
frican. continent is bilha: Iso referred

Tiwearaes

© is. predomi=
nant of large bodies of
fresh water (Lake Kivu.in.th€ Democratic Repub-
lic of the Congo;.Lake Ta ika which~is
surrounded by the former Z;

ee NT ah

to live part of its
dult.worm, orschistosome

Size of nearly two centimeters and live in the
sls that.carry
). The worms

mesenteric veins (the small 'y
blood from the intestine'to the liy
live'ptimarily on'red blood cells but also dissolved
sugars and amino-acids. The worms live in pa
with ‘the male hanging onto and guarding thé
female. They remain in constant copulation, re-
leasing a st
Eventually, some of these
African

am of hundreds of eggs a day
es€ape through the
urine: In mar yuNtriés, sanitation is at
and these eggs find their way into'
The larvae
infect the snails, which infect another mortal
hos -ase is so common in partsof Nige-
ria that some .tribes see bloody urine in a boyas a

a minimum
streams and other. bodies*of w

coming of age.

The victim of bith
and has
eggs of the

a med we et ae

asis suffers fror

=

general, weakéned resistance
an collectin the

n andits

pa

rc rgement of that or;

malfunction. TI an. also collect in the kid-

ising bloody uriné.

neys, damaging them andc

a

i i atari ee car mild a


species to me), and she and her three cubs were
dinning on the animal. Sarah took a few pic-
tures of the carnage. Those three fuzzy little
kittens, as she referred to the cubs, have their
faces entirely covered in blood. In fact, one of
them has only his eyes showing above the body
of the Tomi, as if he is trying his best to look
ferocious. He is a killer, albeit a young one, but
the reason the carnage doesn't disturb me is
because I understand it. He didn't kill the
gazelle out of anger or some other base, human
emotion. He killed the animal and ate it to live.
That is the way of things.

Actually, most of her photos of the animals
and the landscape turned out beautifully, and I
can see Sarah has already pulled several out to
send to her parents. They are mostly a nice mix
of spidery acacia trees silhouetted against mol-
ten sunsets, animals running gracefully (without
gore) and a few of the Masai herdsmen. I think
only the Somali have darker skin than they do.
The Masai people look as though they've been
hewn from obsidian, they are so black. Not
many of the photos of them turned out, how-
ever. Sarah suspected that she must have had
her camera aimed at the setting sun somewhat
because many of the warriors are surrounded
by a sort of haze in her pictures. And she didn't
take too many because they wanted to be paid
to have their picture taken.

I heard a few of the tourists complain that
they thought the Masai to be terribly vain to
charge for their image, and I bit my tongue
before I responded. I tried to point out that
there aren't many people who like to have
their pictures taken by strangers and more
often than not, when their pictures are taken,
they end up in magazines and such. Some feel
that if the photographer is going to make
something off the photo, then they, as the
subject, deserve their cut, too. Therefore, these
men obviously put on a bit of a show for us.
They even cut one of their cows a little near its
neck to add its blood to a skin of milk they had
and drank this to most everyone's squeamish
delight. But I noticed that Sarah, without
paying, surreptitiously snapped off a few pho-
tos as they drove on with their cattle after they
had been paid. I was struck by how well they
worked together and was reminded of the
earlier image of the lioness and how she
shared her kill with her cubs. That's one of the
many things that has surprised Sarah the
more she see of this continent: Most Africans
don't work together. "Many factions compete

Va os
TI I

for things and would accomplish so much more
if only they would unite," she commented to
me. The Masai I saw definitely had figured out
the benefits of family cooperation.

We didn't travel at night, but set up camp
right after sunset. Some of the tourists com-
mented on what they noticed as a universal
concept among Africans: a dislike of the night.
I pointed out that it is a natural response,
though. "So many of the roads are in such
hazardous condition that it is extremely dan-
gerous to travel at night," I explained to them.
I saw Sarah smile as I spoke up. She always
encourages me to say my mind around strang-
ers, and she was pleased that I held my own
with this group. However, there is another
factor to our dislike, which I did not share with
these strangers. Most of us know that ghosts
and other creatures travel by night, and none
of us want to take our chances meeting up with
one of them. I am always hesitant to mention
this around Sarah as she is too fascinated by the
subject. Back in the village, she asks the wrong
questions at times, and I know that one day her
curiosity will get her into trouble that I won't be
around to help with. But she is the first white
person I've ever met who does believe in this
and respects our beliefs, to an extent. "If any
place is going to have spirits, it really should be
the land many people call the cradle of human-
ity," she has said to me more than once.

I stayed up late a few times with Moboya
and Sarah, partly because I wasn't tired and
partly because I was a little jealous. I know
Sarah was not attracted to him but was deter-
mined to make a better impression on our
guide than the rest of the group had. But that
didn't change the fact that the Kenyan almost
never looked me in the eye, as though I
somehow didn't count. Perhaps he knew it
would be Sarah who tipped him at the end of
the journey, so I wasn't someone worth wast-
ing small talk with. The three of us shared a
few beers, talked about mostly safe subjects
and tried our best to avoid politics and such.
Every night I tried to teach him the handshake
that is so common in Cameroon where we sort
of slap our hands together, briefly shake and
pull our fingers away from one another so that
we snap each other's fingers in parting. No
luck, though. Sarah, having mastered the
shake, was surprised that Moboya could not,
as if everything must somehow be universal
here. She knows many things from books, but
she does not know everything.


Idon't know if it was because of the beer, but
one night, Moboya made an interesting com-
ment to us. We were sort of enjoying the night
sounds and the occasional flash of nocturnal
eyes when there was a grunting in the distance.
Ilooked at him a trifle fearfully for an explana-
tion, but he didn't answer until Sarah asked
what the sound was. He told her it was a male
lion vocalizing to a female. Moboya stoked the
fire higher and said that it wouldn't be a good
idea to stray far from the tent. I told him that
it was not likely. Just as my heart was slowing
down, an awful screaming commenced. The
closest way I can describe it is to say that it
sounded like when two cats get into a struggle.
Only magnify it a hundred times to get an idea
of what I heard. Moboya practically shoved
Sarah and myself into our tent, his ebony face
suddenly ashen. I tried to ask him what was
wrong, but, in his fear, he slipped back and
forth between English and Swahili. Most of
what he said was lost on me, and the only words
I could make out were what sounded like
"initiation" and what must have been Swahili,
"Zee Dundoo," or something like that. He ran,
gibbering, back to the four-wheel drive, and for

one terrifying moment, I thought he was going
to drive off. But he emerged with a rifle
(something tour guides are not supposed to
possess, so I suspect Moboya does a little
poaching on the side to help his income and
feed his family) and went back to the fire. I
zipped up our tent and huddled deep in my
sleeping bag, wondering how the rough canvas
and feathers were going to stop anything that
could scream like that. Later on during the
night, I thought I heard Moboya's low voice,
almost as though he were talking to someone,
but figured he must have been praying aloud.
I can't imagine anyone else would be moving
about in the game park at night. I admit I was
doing a little praying myself. As I'm sure
you've already guessed by reading this, I
survived the night.

The next morning, I cautiously opened my
tent when I heard the now familiar clink of
metal pots, the sound of breakfast being pre-
pared. Moboya looked calm and collected as he
heated up our porridge and sliced fresh fruit for
a salad. He even smiled at me, and I had to
wonder for a moment if the night before had
really happened. I tried to ask him what he was

139


<= Sm ca

talking about last night when we were so
frightened, but he gently rebuffed me and made
light of everything. I let it go, as Isuspect he was
embarrassed by his reactions to what must
have been lions fighting. Our ego is such a
fragile thing, especially around women. I mostly
forgot about the incident, however, as it turned
out one of the other tourists had fallen ill. This
banker from Boston, red-faced and stout, looked
all washed out when he stumbled from his tent
that morning. He probably contracted malaria,
I thought, and was starting to suffer from its
effects. "Welcome to Africa," I was tempted to
tell him, but I kept my tongue. He swore up and
down that he had taken his chloroquine faith-
fully, but Sarah told him many strains of the
disease have become resistant to that drug, and
even if he was good about his regimen, he might
still have caught it. We all agreed to pack up and
get him to a doctor in Nairobi. How lucky for
him, I thought grudgingly, that he had the
means to go to a doctor. That is an option most
of us can't afford. I could almost swear I saw
Moboya smile at the man's predicament. Prob-
ably glad some know-it-all tourist got his
comeuppance, I suppose. On the other hand,
maybe he was glad for the excuse to get out of
the bush. I never found out which one it was.
After Sarah had her film developed at the
little shop by our hotel (she does try to keep her
promises), Icleaned and repacked our gear, and
we made our way to the taxi-park, ready to be
off on the next leg of our travels. Sarah always
chides me when I use certain phrases for things
that are distinctly African in my writing with-
out elaborating. So perhaps I should describe
what a taxi-park is for those who don't know the
phrase. (I have also asked Sarah who the "you"
is when I write a private journal, but she has yet
to give me a satisfactory answer to that.)
"You" must remember two facts to under-
standing how a taxi-park runs. First off, you
have to accept that you are on "Africa time,"
so things will happen when they do, not when
you want them to. You might as well throw
your watch away, if you are lucky enough to
own one. The other thing to understand is that
there is actually order to the frenzied chaos of
our countries; it just takes a while to be able
to see it. The taxi-park is a great example of
that chaos. Consisting of a dirt patch about
the size of two soccer fields, the park is
crammed with vehicles of all sizes and shapes,
from cars that almost resemble Western taxis

> 140 «

to large trucks that are more suitable for
hauling livestock than people but usually
transport both. Everyone screams at you to
choose their vehicle. The reason behind that
is that the buses and taxis don't leave on a set
time. They leave when the drivers fill them
up. Normally, this happens within a few
hours and the vehicles usually leave during
daylight. Although crowded with both people
and animals such as chicken and goats, the
bush taxis or matatus, as they are referred to
in this region, are a nicer way to travel than
the trains if you want to see the countryside.
Kenyan trains are faster and more comfort-
able, without question, but they travel only at
night. The downside to that form of transport
besides the lack of a view is that the conduc-
tors often fall asleep and the trains derail.

Sarah gently rebuffed the offers to destina-
tions like Mombassa, which is one of the most
beautiful beaches in Kenya right up there with
Malindi and Lamu, and a great opportunity to
swim in the Indian Ocean. Considering my fear
of the water, though, there was really no point
to us going there. She also decided to skip going
through Tanzania, passing because so much of
the geography is similar to parts of Kenya with
the valleys and green veldts. The game parks
are equally amazing, and with the black mar-
ket, her dollar does go a long way. Of course, the
chance to climb Kilimanjaro would've been
special, but she wasn't quite up to that chal-
lenge. Sarah talked to a few people who had
climbed Kili, and even though they described it
as more of a strenuous hike than a true climb
and the ascent occurs over the course of several
days, she didn't want to chance finding out that
either of us is prone to altitude sickness. One or
both of us would be stuck breathing oxygen out
of a cylinder at the third hut and not see the
spectacular sunrise from the top of the conti-
nent. In addition, the climb would burn up at
least a week, if not longer, of her official
vacation time. Sarah mentioned that she might
try it when we're on our way back stateside at
the end of her service, but she wanted to save
the rest of her time off for some areas we've
never seen before.

It didn't take too long for me to find a "bus"
that was going into the Democratic Republic of
the Congo (formerly known as Zaire and as the
Belgian Congo before that) via Uganda. I was
glad I was able to find one that was not planning
on passing through Burundi or Rwanda. Those


tiny little countries are a constant battleground
between the Hutu and the Tutsi and no place for
an ignorant foreigner, which included both of
us. Sarah told me many in the US have probably
heard of those tribes on the news. What many
Westerners don't realize is that those tribes
have been at each other's throats for hundreds
of years, from when the Tutsi immigrated there
from Uganda and Ethiopia (the 16th and 17th
centuries, Sarah tells me). The Tutsi subjugated
the Hutu in a feudal system similar to what
existed in medieval Europe. Of course, the Hutu
were from Bantu stock that migrated into the
country and replaced the original Twa Pygmies,
so it is hard for me to sympathize with either of
those groups, as they are both invaders. So
rather than get caught up in that, even though
it meant missing the beautiful, mountainous
countryside and the spectacular views of Lake
Tanganyika, not to mention the mountain goril-
las that the white woman, Dian Fosse, studied,
Sarah paid our fare and we climbed in.

The bus was as tall as a British double-
decker but had only one level. On the top of it
was a mountain of bags that varied from the
striped, plastic shopping totes that are so
prevalent here, crammed with miscellaneous
goods to sacks of flour to huge stalks of ba-
nanas. All of it was tied down precariously with
strips of what's called goat rubber, which is just
old inner tubes sliced into one, continuous strip.
Inside, there were rows of benches orientated
lengthwise so that the passengers faced one
another and more luggage lay piled in the
center. I pushed in between a very large, very
gassy mammy holding a scrawny chicken and
a young girl obviously going off to school. Her
close-shorn head and uniform gave her away. I
stuffed my pack under my feet and settled in,
with Sarah a few feet away. The taxi was only
two-thirds full, so I knew it would still be an
hour or so before we would fill up and leave. But
with all the hustle and bustle of the park, it was
hard to get bored.

Turning around as much as I could, trapped
though I was like some human sardine, I stared
at the near comical franticness that is the taxi-
park. Allaround, drivers called out to prospective
fares, and a few of the more aggressive agents
that they had working for them would grab
people's bags and goods and drag them over to
the car they were assigned to. Most weren't
going in that direction and angrily seized their
possessions back and stormed off. Weaving

deftly through the throng of humanity, women
balanced large pots on their heads. The pots
contained an amazing variety of goods, and the
women sold everything from beignets to tooth-
paste for the benefit of the travelers. They
marched methodically from one vehicle to an-
other and paused in front of the passengers long
enough to let them inspect their merchandise.
When I saw a woman who had corn, I hissed to
get her attention. I saw Sarah instinctively
flinch at the sound. That's something that she
is still not used to. Most people over here do not
call out to someone else who is some distance
away — we hiss. I tried to teach Sarah that and
the other thing to watch out for, which is
waving someone over. If you wave "come here"
with your palm facing up, that is actually a
sexual invitation, at least in Cameroon. If you
simply want someone to approach with no
strings attached, you have to gesture with your
palm facing downward. That's definitely some-
thing I didn't want her to confuse.

As I happily munched away on an ear of
corn that had been roasted over an open fire, I
watched another perfect sunset. The views
really are like the postcards Sarah bought in the
city, with the veldt stretching out before us. The
sun reflected off the dust particles in the air,
turning everything a rosy hue and gave the
area a surreal feel to it. I don't know what it is
about sunset that brings out the "odd folk,"
though, as I like to call them. This mixture of
people sort of slink out after dark, and that
Nairobi taxi park was no exception. Not exactly
beggars, these men in their tattered clothes
stumble about, demanding to some of the people
they bump into, pleading to others, and down-
right fearful of some they see, but they definitely
want something indefinable. And the albinos
tend to come out, as well.

Now that's something that is unusual to look
at and yet, albinism isn't all that uncommon
here due to the large population. Their skin is
about as pink as Sarah's, and their hair is an
odd type of blond. Their irises are almost devoid
of color and are framed with delicate, paper-
thin eyelids and nearly invisible eyelashes.
During the day, the few I have seen cover
themselves almost completely and carry um-
brellas to protect skin that is just not capable of
withstanding the sun's rays. How amazing it is
to me that these people are barely able to stand
the light of the sun in this place of extremes and
yet have to somehow live and function mostly

in the darkness, a time we shun here. What an
unfortunate existence. At dusk and through the
night, they have more freedom and can move
about comfortably, although other folks still
call them hurtful names. In fact, the most
insulting thing they do is to call them by the
slang word for a white person, something
normally reserved for foreigners regardless of
skin color. So the albinos tend to avoid Sarah's
people like the plague.

Sunset also brought out the final travelers,
and from their numbers our driver and his
assistant corralled the remaining few they
needed to overstuff the bus and fulfill their
exaggerated quota. They lashed down the last of
the baggage, and the bus rumbled and coughed
to life. I was pleased to see that the chauffeur
(Sarah loves so many of the French words,
though she demands that I continue to practice
my English) stopped at the petrol shack and
filled up his tank. While we watched the man of
Muslim descent raise up a clear jug of amber
liquid that looked like it should hold palm wine
instead of gas, Sarah wondered once again just
how they could tell the difference between
"regular" and "super." Once again, the joke was
lost on me, and I wondered how I would ever
function in her world.

Fully loaded, the driver started down the
road to Uganda. I know that sounded funny, but
throughout the continent, there aren't that
many main roads, and people tend to use
specific roads to get to other countries. There-
fore, a traveler could stand at a crossroad and
say that one was the road to Uganda; one was
the road to Tanzania, etc. At least through
Kenya, many of the roads were even roads by
Sarah's standards. And my temptation to fall
asleep on the beginning of the ride was great.
However, we had started late in the day, and
that meant the majority of our travel would
occur at night. Train conductors aren't the only
ones reputed to fall asleep at the controls. I
thought I might just keep an eye on our chauf-
feur for our safety's sake.

Traveling the roads at night is a strange
thing. Once we left the outskirts of Nairobi,
there were no longer any lights to color the
night sky and everything was pitch black. There
wasn't much to see except for the occasional
pair of headlights that came blazing out of the
darkness in the opposite direction. Once or
twice, our chauffer had to swerve to miss them,
so I think he fell asleep only once on the trip.

2 Na

a AS PMP NG
PT IO

Sh

Everyone else, including Sarah, slept as well
except for an old man toward the back door of
the bus. I noticed he watched the rest of the
passengers furtively. Thievery is very common
here, so I could sympathize with what I thought
was his concern, but his behavior bordered on
paranoia. And he would look at me at times with
the coldest eyes.

We made only one stop that night in Malaba,
a town I am still not sure is Kenyan or Ugandan.
It is the main border post and, of course, a place
where we all have to disembark. Depending on
which border crossing you are at and the mood
of the border guards, passing through from one
country to another can range from a few hours
toan all day affair. Icould see some of my fellow
passengers cast surreptitious glances at Sarah.
Sometimes her white skin worked in their
favor, and we would pass easily through a
patrol, and sometimes it meant that every piece
of baggage had to be removed and thoroughly
searched. At Malaba, her skin was a bonus. The
guards made a cursory search through our
packs and then waved us over to the small hut
where our passports were checked for the
proper visas, etc. We were out of Kenya and
officially in Uganda in only an hour. Unbeliev-
ably, that is close to being a "record time."

We also stopped in the capital, Kampala, to
stretch our legs. In the half-light of false dawn,
Sarah and I munched on some fruit while our
companions looked around for facilities or,
barring that, discreet corners to urinate in. It
was somewhat unsettling in a city that still
bears the scars of the six years of civil war that
started with Idi Amin's defeat by the Tanzanian
army. Kampala also bears the wounds of the
aftermath of the enforced departure by Amin of
its 70,000-strong Asian population and the
years and years of looting since. Some 300,000
Ugandans were killed under Amin's regime. The
buildings the bus parked near, coincidentally
enough, were the Nile Mansions, next to the
Conference Center. Amin and his cronies were
fond of torturing people round the clock here,
and the screams echoed out at any hour. People
were bludgeoned to death with sledgehammers
or iron bars. And that wasn't the end of it. Iwas
glad when we packed up and moved on, sad-
dened by the heavy weight of lost souls in the
capital. It felt like leaving a graveyard.

As the sun rose further in the sky, I took off
my sweater and let Sarah use it as a pillow.
Nights are always cool, and it is a good idea to


dress in layers to accommodate the sometimes-
wild differences in temperature between day
and night. The closer we got to Zaire (I don't
think I'll ever get used to its new name of the
moment, which is the Democratic Republic of
the Congo, I think), the more the geography
started to change. Off to the south, I could see
the Ruwenzori mountain range. These moun-
tains are almost as popular as Kilimanjaro for
climbing, but Sarah did not intend to try her
hand at these, either. The non-voleanic range is
usually shrouded in mist, like large spirits
guarding their secrets, and almost always wet.
Sarah didn't have the proper gear or the ability
to climb these snow covered peaks. But they
and Lake Mobutu just north of them were
markers to us that this leg of our journey was
almost over.

Crossing over into Zaire was not as quick as
entering Uganda. Even though Mobutu is no
longer president, it doesn't mean the corrup-
tion is gone. After the guards near Kasindi
picked through Sarah's belongings for over an
hour, she finally caved in and gave them the
bribe they were looking for. I know she objects
to the principle, but Sarah didn't want to hold
up the others any longer. When we cleared the
border, everyone's mood lifted. No one enjoyed
the fear that the African man in a uniform
always instills.

Beni was our next departure point. I grabbed
my pack and left with Sarah and the other
passengers when we pulled into the market.
Our chauffeur was eager to have some Primus
beer and a few hours' rest before he made the
return trip to Nairobi. We were only about
1,000 miles away from our village, and I have
to admit that I was looking forward to the next
stage of the journey home. Sarah wanted to
reach Kisangani by the following week to catch
a very special ferry she had been talking about
for months. Since it was the tail end of the rainy
season, we were looking at about six or seven
days of travel if we were lucky. As it turned out,
we were very lucky.

In the market area, amid the women selling
fresh peanut butter and manioc, lost among
men strolling around with rainbow-colored
umbrellas, was a small group of British travel-
ers. One was standing near a muddy, but
dependable Land Rover, and I could see two
others wandering around. They were all male,
and I could see by the way she fluffed up her
hair that Sarah was preparing to flirt with

them. A few hours later, all five of us were on
the road to Kisangani. It was a decadent way for
us to travel, but I know how badly Sarah wanted
to make the ferry, and we both had much more
confidence in the British-made Land Rover's
ability to escape a mud pit than we did some of
the taxis. It is a vehicle that comes with a winch
as a hood ornament!

Over the next few days, as Sarah chatted
amiably with our hosts, I managed to ignore
my companions and admire the changing scen-
ery. The area we were passing through was
what Joseph Conrad wrote about in Heart of
Darkness, a book Sarah let me read a year ago.
The jungle completely lined the dirt, now mud,
road and all I saw for days was the gray sky,
green foliage and the blood-red road. The
colors were amazing in their intensity. All the
bouncing around hurt my back, I must say, but
it was a much more pleasurable way to travel
than by truck. In fact, we were mired in only
once the whole way. And since the puddles
were on average 15 feet long, as wide as the
road and usually three feet deep, that was
admirable. When we arrived in Kisangani, I
watched Sarah bid adieu to her "Limey friends,"
as she called them. They had plans to continue
on by road, and though they tried their best to
talk her into staying, I knew she was deter-
mined to catch the Onatra ferry. And when
that vessel came down the river, everyone,
including me, stopped to stare.

Let me give you a better idea of what I mean
by a ferry, though. I've been told that the
Onatra is rather legendary around these parts
and really the only way to travel the Congo
River. However, even though the vessels are
referred to as single ships, they are actually
comprised of five and sometimes even six
barges lashed together. This flotilla is like a
city unto itself, and it holds about a thousand
people at any one time. When it arrived, a rush
of humanity moved off and on the boat at the
same time. More of that organized chaos I
mentioned earlier.

Since we had traveled so luxuriously from
the Zairian border, Sarah opted once more to
travel as most do — third class. What that
translates to is that we had tickets to get on, and
once there, we were on our own. The first and
second classes were better, but it was not the
way to see the country, Sarah pointed out. So I
scouted out a spot under a tarp large enough for
us and, in French, I struck a deal with the five


who were already sleeping there. For the mere
cost of a beer apiece for each of them each night,
they would save us a spot. But even though they
were agreeable enough, I warned Sarah to keep
the small pack containing our funds and papers
with her at all times. Trust only so far, I have
told her more than once. As soon as we had a
physical place to sleep, I followed Sarah as she
wandered through the hustle and bustle that is
the Onatra.

As I said, the ferry is comprised of six
barges lashed together, with a power unit at the
front of each barge. First-class cabins have
their own showers and toilets and second class
is similar but holds more people per cabin. Third
is, well, the boat itself. While both first and
second class have their own dining areas, the
rest of the boat makes do with what's available.
And everything is available. As we marched
from stall to stall, I had to keep glancing over
my shoulder to see the Congo River and remind
myself I was on a boat and not in some village
very like my own.

Every barge had multiple stalls that sold
produce of all kinds, so eating was not a
problem. In fact, I don't think I ever saw such
a variety of foods before. One person had stalks
and stalks of bananas, one had mangoes and
papayas, one had tomatoes, onions and garlic,
and then there was the bush meat. Fried bats
were very common, as was gazelle. As we
turned a corner, a woman thrust a large
monkey at me. I was so startled I nearly slipped
off the edge of the barge. These vessels don't
have any railings of any kind. Lucky for me,
another man grabbed my arm.

"Be careful," he warned me in French. "This
boat don't stop for no one."

Ithanked him and then glanced back at the
woman and her monkey. I could blame the
poor, evening light for my near plunge into the
muddy Congo, but that wasn't true. As I looked
more closely at the woman, her hair tied into
spindly strands that were, in turn, woven into
an intricate basket design, I could see she was
pleased at frightening me. Her impossibly
white teeth were shocking against her dark
skin. She swung the monkey toward my face
for a closer look. Rather than give her any
more satisfaction, I pretended to be interested
in purchasing it.

The poor animal was about 30 pounds or so,
and a mottled silver color. The woman had
taken his tail and tied the end of it around its

Sh a wae

neck and she carried it like some evil bag. Its
tongue hung out and, for a moment, I thought
maybe she had strangled it to death with its tail.
An involuntary shudder escaped me, and the
woman smiled broadly.

"We're all meat sooner or later," she whis-
pered, and a chill went down my spine. I turned
and lost myself in the throng of people that were
listening to a soccer match broadcast over a
crackling radio. I don't really follow any teams,
even my own of Cameroon, but I would've done
anything to break her gaze, even played a game
of soccer if it that would have done it. I still see
that monkey, though, when I close my eyes.

I decided to find a bar and get our "rent"
taken care of for the evening. I had lost track
of Sarah, but that was nothing new. I wasn't
worried, as she couldn't have gone far. Even
though the sun had set, the boat was brightly
lit so I was certain she would be safe. Several
stalls and all the bars on the barges had lights
strung around. Everything was bathed in a
dull, yellow glow, like some poor imitation of
the sun. And music played everywhere as well.
I wondered how we were going to sleep and
briefly berated myself for not asking Sarah to
acquire a cabin for us. But then, I didn't have
any money to speak of, so I knew I had to
remain silent as always.

With the beers tucked into my sack, I made
my way back to our "room," and I surprised
myself by finding it, too. Between the monkey
and the music, I was feeling nauseous, and the
thought of climbing into the covered area that
was ours just seemed like a bad idea. And Sarah
was nowhere to be seen. I briefly wondered if
she was feeling queasy, too, or if she had struck
up a conversation with someone of the same
skin as her. I shook my head. One of the women,
noticing my discomfort, suggested I head to the
barge roof, where it was a little quieter and get
some air. That sounded like a good idea. I
carefully stepped around the crocodile that was
tethered next to me (his mouth was wired shut)
and looked for a way to get to the roof. I almost
stopped into a small bar near where a crewman
had told me was a ladder up, but changed my
mind after I peered in.

It seemed innocuous enough and was even
somewhat quiet. The few men and women
inside didn't even have the radio on, and that
alone made the place appealing. But the group
of five men and two women were involved in a
heated discussion that I couldn't quite hear.

14d


When one of them noticed me on the threshold
of the bar, she shot me an icy, almost preda-
tory glance. At the same moment, my nausea
caught up with me, and I turned just in time to
vomit over the side. I decided to keep heading
for the roof.

When I climbed the rusted ladder, I was
surprised that no one else was there. But,
remembering that most of us have a fear of the
dark and being alone, it did make sense. Most
people were either settled in for the night or
dancing in the bars. Perhaps that's where
Sarah was at the moment. Either way, people
probably weren't going to change locations for
the next several hours. I had an unobstructed
view of everything.

The Congo, written and filmed and so much
a part of the mystique that is Africa, was so
very similar to the roads I had just been on. In
places, the river was just wide enough to allow
the barge to pass through, lined on both sides by
the impenetrable jungle. And it is a muddy
river, almost red in some places, in just the
right light. Tonight, however, the skies had
cleared somewhat, and a bloated moon hung
over the trees. The reflection in the water was
lovely, creating a romantic feel to the night, and
Isuddenly wished Sarah were here with me. Of
course, the distant sound of the tinny radios
and the muffled shouts of people rather put a
damper on that illusion. And the tortured
squeal of a pig ruined it all.

"Don't be startled," a voice behind me
said, and that was more frightening than the
animal's scream.

"TI didn't hear you," I explained to her.

"I think you were thinking of something
else," she offered.

I told her I was just taking in the view and
I wondered to myself why I didn't hear her come
up the ladder, as it was rusted and rickety. I was
glad, though, for the company after hearing
that shriek. On closer examination, I realized it
was one of the women from the bar, but not the
one who had given me the evil eye. This woman
was completely bald, as so many men are here,
and she had intricate scars all over her face and
scalp. They were very beautiful, and I wondered
what rite of passage they signified but I also
knew I couldn't ask a stranger that.

She explained to me that she had come up
here to apologize for her companion's rude
behavior. I told her it was fine and that I was
sorry if anyone thought I was eavesdropping.

"ge BS =

She assured me no one thought that, and then
she proceeded to tell me that the first-class
diner had run out of meat so they were slaugh-
tering a pig for a late night meal and that was
the sound I heard. She was even gracious
enough to invite me to dinner with her compan-
ions and part of me wanted to accept. At that
moment, an annoying mosquito hummed by my
ear, and I reflexively waved it away. That
reminded me that I still needed to make sure
Sarah took her malaria prophylaxis, so I turned
her down.

She looked a little disappointed but told me
I should be careful around insects. That's
actually not quite how she put it. My French,
though it is not my first language, is fairly good,
so I know she meant insects, but I thought she
used an odd turn of phrase, calling them blood-
suckers. I slipped by her, and she told me in
passing that we might meet again. I agreed, but
a@ part of me was glad to be leaving. The idea of
being in a cabin with her and her companions,
as she called them, made me a little nervous. I
found my "berth" and slid into my sleeping bag,
glad to see Sarah tucked in already. Surpris-
ingly enough, I had no trouble falling asleep. I
woke up only once that night, when another
scream ripped through the air. I vaguely thought
that it must have been a big dinner, to slaughter
two animals in a night.

The next morning I woke up to the sounds
of wailing. I reached over to check on Sarah,
and she grabbed my hand tightly. One of the
women in our little nook was rocking back and
forth, crying about her sister. All we were able
to get out of the hysterical woman was that her
sister was gone. In the gray light, several of the
crewmen started a search through the barges.
Although they found a few stowaways, the
sailors had no luck finding the missing woman.
Her sister was inconsolable, and the crewman
could only guess that the woman probably
stumbled overboard. It was not unheard of, and
with all the drinking, a more than likely expla-
nation. After all, I had been sober and nearly
tumbled in the day before.

Between that incident and the woman I met
the night before, I decided to ask Sarah if she
could check with a crewman if there was a first-
class cabin still available. There was, and he
was happy to upgrade our tickets for a hefty
price. Sarah, also unnerved by the unpleasant
incident, decided it was worth it, and we spent
the next few days uneventfully watching the
dugout canoes dock up with the ferry everyday


AST ESS Sa ESE

WS Ret RS TA
RE EE

i 2: z Pad
to sell their produce to the crew and passengers.
And it was enjoyable to watch the gangly little
boys jump from the bow of the barge to drift
back in the river to the stern, haul themselves
out with a rope and run to the bow to do it again.
I chose to leave the nightlife to those better
suited for it and caught up on my reading, as did
Sarah. I never saw the scarred woman again or
the woman who had lost her sister.

When the ship docked in Lisala, I couldn't
believe our good fortune. A distant cousin of
mine who drives one of the large logging trucks
so common a sight on our roads was nearby,
and he had just delivered a load of timber. He
was going straight through to Cameroon and
was happy to take us part of the way. In fact,
he wasn't even going to pass through Central
African Republic. I was glad, because CAR is so
dusty and the soldiers have a reputation for
their cruelty there. Bangui, the capitol has an
unbelievably high murder rate, so Sarah and I
were very fortunate.

Although he did demand a little money for
his gas and none of my family has ever been
very receptive to Sarah, my cousin was very
friendly and courteous the whole ride back. It
turned out he had family in Bertua now, which
is in the eastern province of Cameroon, and he
was going to stop there for a visit. That worked
out well for us, because I knew it would be very
simple to catch a bush taxi the rest of the way
back to our province. I was surprised how
excited I became when the dense jungle finally
started to give way a few days later to more
savanna-type vegetation, a sure sign that we
were approaching eastern Cameroon, and I
could see that Sarah was also affected. I tried
not to think of what my cousin was taking,
however, to keep driving day and night. Better
to just admire the view.

Entering the border was easy enough for us
as Sarah had special papers since she is a legal
resident of the country. That also meant my
cousin got in easily, and I suspect he was
smuggling something in. That was probably
the real reason he had wanted us for passen-
gers and had been so polite to Sarah. I couldn't
hold that against him. Everyone is just trying
to make a living here, however they can, and
I am sure many think I am using her, too.
Maybe I am somewhat. We soon parted com-
pany quickly enough, and three hours later
and one last taxi later, we were back in the
rainforest where we lived.

~]

The neighbor children ran to see what
presents Sarah brought them, and as they
proceeded to tear into their gifts, I inventoried
what the rats stole from our house while we
were gone. Not much to be done about it when
you live in a mud hut. Security does not exist.
Sarah heated up some water for a bucket bath,
and I caught up with our landlady to find out
what happened in the weeks since we left.

The house I share with Sarah (though the
Peace Corps does not allow this, which is why they
don't know about it and why I also keep a small
hut with my relatives) is nestled in a family
compound and is the best of the lot. Our landlady
used to live in it with her husband. She moved out
when he died. He is still here, though, and buried
in the front yard. One night, when our landlady
was very drunk, she told us her husband had been
a sorcerer who had been murdered by a rival. I
don't know if Sarah believed it or not, but she does
understand that sorcery is very important here
and that voodoo originated here in West Africa.

I know that her Peace Corps frowns on
volunteers asking about secret societies and
what not. However, Sarah still pokes her nose
where it doesn't belong and bends the rules to
suit her purposes. That is how I manage to
reside here, so I shouldn't judge her too harshly.
She tells me that if someone volunteers any
information to her, then it is not solicited and
she has not broken her organization's tenets.
"And," she has mentioned more than once, "all
this does help me with my cultural sensitivity."

Poisoning is very common here. In fact,
when you walk into any place that serves
drinks, they will open the bottle only after
they've brought it out to you so that you know
that no one has tampered with it. And having an
understanding of medicinal plants is considered
sorcerous knowledge. Therefore, there is a lot
of very real sorcery in the air.

How easily I digress. Sarah joined us as our
landlady told me who was sick and who was
pregnant and all the usual gossip. As I slowly
relaxed in her cookhouse, leaning against a log,
glad to be back home, she grew quiet. When I
said nothing, Sarah asked her what was wrong,
and it took a little while before she answered.
She took a big swig of her Guinness beer and
then whispered that someone new had come to
the village. People always came and went, and
since we have so many extended family mem-
bers, I wondered why she was so serious about
the newcomer. I didn't have to wonder long.

146 «


aif
moet pO Big SS

A ee Oe
a I ne

Dramatically, she announced that the new
person was a sorcerer. I asked her what made
her so certain this person was one. She told me
that several people had fallen ill in the last
month and her best friend had seen a black
panther wandering the quarter. And she wasn't
the only one who had seen it, either.

Now, some believe that sorcerers have fa-
miliars that work with and for them. If she had
said some other kind of animal, I might have
just dismissed it. We are in the middle of a
rainforest and there is a varied wildlife, but
there are no big cats here. So I admit she caught
my interest, but not nearly as much as she had
captured Sarah's. However, she did not have
much more to offer. I finished my beer with her
and told her I would see her in the morning,
pulling Sarah along with me.

So that brings me to the present. When I
came in, I planned to just unpack and go to bed.
But Sarah had something else in mind. With a
glint in her green eyes, she told me that she was
going to go out just for a little while and catch
up with Hubert, one of her farmers who main-
tained a bar in the village. She told me that, as

pes ee eae

this was the wet season, it would be a very
opportune time to remove some stumps from
some diversion ponds she was constructing
with him and she wanted to go over their "game
plan," as she referred to it, with him today.

"T'll only be gone a short time," she told me,
and then she left.

I knew her story was a little too contrived,
a little too quick. She could have just as easily
caught up with Hubert tomorrow. In my heart,
Iknow Madame Giselle's story of the newcomer
intrigued her and she was curious. But what
could I say to stop her? Sarah always does what
she wishes and, as I am hers, there was nothing
for me to do but nod my head in agreement. I
had a second wind after she left, so I took out
Sarah's typewriter and added these few pages
to my journal. My fingers are tired now.

* * *

Darkness fell a few hours ago, and Sarah
has not returned. She never stays out after
sunset without me, and I begin to wonder what
is keeping her. I can only guess at what she has
gotten herself entwined in this time, and I begin
to fear for her.



Cur AP PER Si <

STORY TELEING

it go. Let it come.
—from Hausa Folk-lore by Maalam Shaihua, tra
lated by R. Sutherland Rattray

elling a Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom story

presents the Storyteller with a particular challenge. It'snot

really any more difficult than presenting any other Vam-

but it requires something of a different touch.

you're unusually well informed about the

huge amount of the

information presented is new to you and might take a

while to sink in. That's fine. Let it. You don't have to

of every African culture by heart or be

able to say off the top of your head what the largest city
in Kenya is. (It's Nairobi, the capital.)

As with any other Vampire chronicle, it's all about
telling a good story with the tools you have availabl
This book offers you the tools. This chapter tells you how
best to use them.


Moopb AND FEEL

You've no doubt noticed that most Vampire books

suggest a tone anda mood in their introductory chapters.
This isn't just intended to fill space; rather, it's a chance
todefine the sort of ambiance that will work best with the
material to create the most fun and dramatic stories.

With Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom, however, you
must go beyond the mood presented in Chapter One. It's
not enough that the players feel the conflict between the
ancient and the modern, or between their old mortality
and their new undying natures. It's absolutely vital that
the characters, the environment and the story itself
actually feel African.

eee

AND. SPEAKING-OF NAMES=
Nothing ruins a player's
faster than running into a witehdoctor named

Frank or a Cab driver:in-Kinshasa named Kate:

suspension, of disbelief

Let'sbe honést, though most of us-prébably

n't just generate all that many authentic Afri7
can names Gffthe top of our heads. In a Western
Vampire: The Masquerade game, if the players
decide, to-go have a chat with that shopkeeper
who you'd only intended as background, you'can
decide on the sptrofthe moment thathis name's
Sam. Now;céme up-with:thitee or four authentic
(orseven authenti¢*sounding). African names.
Right now!

No bigdeal. We

One of-the:easiest things youcan do, but also.
One of the most fundamental to maintaining the
African feel; is.to have -a_list-of six or a dozen
Africanmames, male.and female, written out in
advanée. Don't attach these names to Specific
characters in yourmind; just hold themin reserve,
for that inevitable-moment when yousneed. to
nameé'a Storyréller character immediately.

iS
>
]
B
=
3
a
7
B
a
B
Y)

an't either.

Finding good:sourceswof "Aftican names. isn't
terribly hard. Yourlocal library certainly has plenty
of books on the subject, but you need not even
leave the housé. If yowown an encyclopedia, steal
ome names from the history sections of-Affican
countries. Look forarticlés related to'A frica inthe
newspaper and borrow names from those. If you're
online; www.swagga.com/mname.htm- and
wwiw:20000-naimes.com/male.african_namies.htm
are both excellent places to begin' your search.

It's really notall that much work, and it's worth
itto keép your players from rolling their eyes and
wandering-off to the kitchen every time:they run
into Bob the bushman.

It would certainly be possible, perhaps even easier,
torun an Ebony Kingdom chronicle just like any other
Vampire story, but with African names. You might
even very much enjoy such a game, but it really fails to
take advantage of (and does a disservice to) the source
material.

This is a different part of the world — in many ways,
together. The cultures are different,

rent, the environment is different,

a different world
the people are diff
and the Kindred — the Laibon — are different.

So while it's not vital that you memorize every little
detail of the setting, it is important that you fully under-
stand the nature of those differences.

Tue Tuirp WorLp

Most African countries are considered Third-World
nations for a reason. Much of the continent is gripped by
poverty the likes of which most Americans and Europe-
ans can't comprehend. Towns exist in which clean water,
let alone running water, is a luxury. Many Africans
cannot count regularly ona single meal a day. Politicians
and businessmen live in homes and work in offices that
are quite modern, while around them the "little people"
trudge down dirt roads, till their hot and dusty fields and
basically continue a way of life that hasn't changed
drastically in hundreds of years.

Outside these towns and cities, some African tribes
still lead a nomadic lifestyle, living in kraals and herding
cattle, either ignorant of or uninterested in the creeping
modernization taking place just miles away.

No, notall of Africa is like this. Cities do exist, where
most if not all of the trappings of "civilization" provide a
thin veneer of modernization. Still, it's vital for the
Storyteller to remember and to account for the poverty
and the hunger when running her games. You cannot
simply take a story set in New York or London, scratch
out the name and stamp "Cape Town" on it, and expect
to be playing in the African idiom.

This crushing poverty impacts the Laibon just as
much as it does the kine. Despite what some people seem
to believe, the Embrace does not bring automatic wealth.
Like most of the mortals of Africa, most Laibon survive
well below what Americans and Europeans consider the
poverty line. It can be a struggle just to survive, to find
sufficient shelter to hide from the sun, to find prey strong
enough to provide sufficient blood to last another night.

Ofcourse, you also have your Guruhi, Shango and Xi
Dundu sitting at the top, luxuriating in excesses that
their poorer brethren cannot even imagine. Young Laibon
have even less to gain from rebellion than their Western
counterparts, since the Laibon tradition of the primacy of
the eldest is, ifanything, even more strongly entrenched
than that of the Kindred. Still, envy and jealousy are
sufficient to cause more thana little conflict. The citizens


of many African nations are unhappy, restless, rebellious.
Why should the Laibon be any different? Keep this
substantial gulf of power and wealth in mind when
deciding upon the motivations of your Storyteller char-
acters. Many Laibon leaders are arrogant, even spoiled,
assuming that anything they desire is theirs by right.
Many of the young and powerless are angry all the time,
forced to subsist in squalor.

Africa's relatively high death rate and low life ex-
pectancy, as compared to First-World nations, has a
strange psychological impact on many Laibon. In Ameri-
can culture, for instance, a portion of the population —
particularly teenagers and young adults, from which
demographic many neonates are Embraced —don't have
much of a sense of their own mortality. They tend not to
think about death, so the notion of deathlessness, while
requiring a drastic shift in thinking and perception, isn't
acomplete shock to the system. In Africa, however, the
people live with death every day, particularly in the poor
rural or disease-inflicted regions. A much stronger sense
of mortality exists, as well as a stoic acceptance of its
inevitability — among many people, though certainly
not all.

The Laibon are above all that. Some struggle to meet
their nightly requirements of healthy blood and shelter
from the sun, but they are still functionally beyond death.
Most of the dangers threatening the kine no longer
impact them, except for their effect on the food supply.

The switch to undeath is a much greater change of
mind for many Africans, who must now adjust to the idea
that they won't be dead in the near future as they had
assumed they would be. This change can translate itself
into either a heady euphoria in which the Laibon delib-
erately exposes himself to danger in order to laugh at
death or to prove to himself that he's truly cheated it, or
else into the arrogant assumption that mortals are truly
worthless and inferior beings. Sometimes a Laibon be-
comes both in the same package.

The risk-taking tends to fade after a few years, and it
is normally seen only in neonates who either grow out of
it or get themselves killed. The arrogance, however, is
often permanent. In either case, your Storyteller charac-
ters could well exhibit either or both of these attitudes as
primary aspects of their personalities.

TECHNOLOGY

It seems almost like it should go without saying, but
let's make it clear. The technological advances that most
ofusthink ofas simple parts of life are far less common (or

even completely unavailable) in portions of Africa. Sure,
aSetite in Addis Ababa might have access to a computer
or even a cell phone, but not the Akunanse living in a
tiny village in the wilds of Angola. The cars on the streets

of larger African cities are often relatively old, and many


towns and cities still lack paved roads, let alone motor
vehicles to drive on them.

Modern technology is, in fact, a primary source of
conflict between younger and elder Laibon, simply due to
its very existence. See later text for more on this and
other conflicts between the generations.

DISEASE

As a matter of course, the specter of disease and
sickness comes hand-in-hand with crushing poverty.
The health conditions in much of Africa are truly
appalling, and the Laibon —at least the poor Laibon —
suffer for it nearly as much as the kine. Influenza and

cholera epidemics are common enough to be simple
facts of life to many of Africa's poor. Ebola, though quite
rare, is a terrifying sight to behold. Even the Laibon
shiver a bit to see the ravages of this horrific killer, if
only because all the spilled blood has an unfortunate

tendency to arouse the Beast.

The single largest threat to the health of the African
people and the Laibon both, however, is AIDS. In
regions of Africa, such as many of the southern countries,
over a quarter of the adult population is infected with
HIV. In some cities and towns, the rates of infection are
close to 50 percent.

The Laibon in these regions are in the midst of their
own crisis, even though some refuse to recognize it.
Vampires can transmit the AIDS virus, of course, and
some urban myths among Kindred and Laibon both

suggest that strains of the disease exist which can even
effect the undead. Fear and superstition regarding HIV
and AIDS runs rampant throughout Africa, no less so
among the Laibon than among the kine.

A Toucuy Suaject

We-in now:
situation on the African continent. We'té not
presenting the HIV epidemic gratuitously. Nor is

intend to make light of the

itpresented as a problem for the players or Story-
teller chafacters to solve.

Rather, it's presented.as a horrible but inese
able fact of the setting. You probably won't be
doing your chronicle oryour players:afty favors by
focusing onit'6r playing it up, but neither should
you simply ignore "its pteserice. Use it to add an
element of Verisimilitude'to your stories and the
behavior of your characters, but don't go so far as
to make your players uncomfortable. Even-when

dealing-with so hideous andpwidespread an épi-

demic, remembér thatthe point of this
have fun.

ne is to

, Oi arene!
Pe

SS aS GE

Competition for territory is fierce among the Laibon
of these regions, since areas where the infection rates are
lower are hotly contested. Many local Laibon are desper-
ate to leave, but they either have no idea where else to go,
no means of travel or are held in place by familial
obligations. New arrivals meet with hatred and even
violence, as even a single vampire is yet another competi-

tor for what little healthy blood remains in the region.
Players' characters are unlikely to find any allies in such
a location, and they might find themselves making en-
emies with their mere presence.

LAIBON MOTIVATION AND
OuTLOOK

As previous chapters have made abundantly clear,
the Laibon do not share many of the same motives and
attitudes as their Western counterparts. Certainly, when
you strip away all the masks and lz
thirst for blood as the Kindred — but those masks and
layers are important, influencing the behavior of the
Laibon. In this case, your players have it easy. They only
have to keep one set of these new motivations in mind.
You get to juggle one for each Storyteller character
involved in your plot. Aren't you luck

yers, they feel the same

Some of what follows might seem like a reiteration of
previous chapters' key points, but it's important to take at
least a brief look at the Laibon psyche and motivations
through the lens, not of constructing in-depth characters
for the players, but merely creating convincing behaviors
for your Storyteller characters.

Pamity Ties

As discussed in detail in Chapter One, the Laibon
acknowledge and respect familial relationships that are
far tighter and more binding than most of the Kindred.
All the Guruhi or Osebo in a domain don't just share
some distant ancestor, they're a family, with all the duty
to one another that that implies. They might squabble,
fight, compete and even — on occasion — kill one
another, but that's a family affair. And they do not let
outsiders mess with them.

The Laibon tribes, or extended coteries, are even
tighter. If the legacy is an extended family, the tribe is
very much a nuclear family. This isn't to say that no
competition exists between tribemates — these are still
vampires, after all. That said, it tends to be far less
extreme than much intra-coterie conflict among the
Kindred, and the tribes can come together in an instant
to face a threat posed by a stranger. The old axiom, "Me
and my brother against my cousin; me and my cousin
against the world," very strongly applies to the Laibon.

What, then, does this mean for your Storyteller
characters?


Well, if the players are outsiders, you should feel no
qualms about having your supporting characters really
close ranks against them and make things exceptionally
difficult. Exceptions will always exist, of course, as the
Laibon are no less anxious for an advantage over their
brethren than are the Kindred, but by and large, they're
able and willing to stand together to a degree that might
surprise players of Vampire.

If, on the other hand, your players are portraying
locals, they might well find doors open to them that they
otherwise wouldn't have. This doesn't mean you should
portray the Storyteller characters as friendly or anxious to
help. They are, however, far less likely to stand idly by
while your players confront a foreign threat.

Your players' and Storyteller characters should prob-
ably know each other fairly well. If all the Laibon in a
given areaare family, even in only the loosest sense of the
term, it's probable that they would meet one another on
a regular basis. In the West, the average Kindred might
very well not know who shares her city with her, but such
ignorance is far less common among the communities
and domains of the Ebony Kingdom.

Finally, because of the familial nature of the Laibon
communities, you'll find that the plots and schemes of
the local vampires often take on an odd dichotomy. That
is, they are both more and less open about their own
machinations than the Kindred are about theirs.

Like all competing siblings, many of the Laibon
constantly struggle with one another to look good in the
eyes of their magaji. If your Storyteller characters are
trying to appear superior to the players (or other Story-
teller characters), they're not going to want to be subtle
about it. They want to draw the attention of the magaji,
the kholo and any other Laibon of note, to show how they
outfoxed, outsmarted or simply overpowered their weaker,
less competent adversaries.

On the other hand, because of the various ties
linking the Laibon to one another, there comes a point
beyond which it is socially unacceptable to harm each
other. This shouldn't be taken to mean that the Laibon
don't scheme to destroy their rivals utterly, ruin them or
even kill them. Doing so openly, however, draws the
unhappy attention of the magaji and others who dislike
the idea that you've put personal objectives over the good
of the family as a whole.

Of course, once it's all over with, nobody cares as
long as the boat doesn't rock too hard and the status quo
remains unshaken. The crime, really, isn't plotting to
break the rules, but being caught doing so. Therefore,
open and overt rivalries can suddenly become very quiet,
very covert wars of attrition between two (or more)
Laibon and their pawns. It's expected that your brothers
and sisters plot against you; it's when things seem abso-
lutely quiet that you know they've become very, very bad.

You might even portray some of your Storyteller
characters as particularly paranoid in this regard. Some of
them might actually be more willing to cooperate with
the players' characters if they've butted heads previously,
since each party knows where the other stands and what
it's up to.

THE LAcK or SECTS

The absence of the Western sects — the Camarilla
and the Sabbat — has far more of an impact on visiting
Kindred than it does on the Laibon. After all, the
Laibon don't miss what they've never had and don't
really want. It's important for Storytellers to recognize
the fact that this lack of "sides" in the Ebony Kingdom
is going to have a drastic impact on the way certain
stories are put together.

Sects provide a set of general guidelines, rules of
thumb that might not be true all or even most of the time,
but at least give you a starting point in your analysis of
other characters, both player and Storyteller. Camarilla?
Probably concerned with trying to act at least vaguely
mortal and either wants to keep to himself and address his
own affairs, or is playing the political game trying to move
ahead. Sabbat? More likely violent, indulging his inhu-
man nature and not nearly so concerned with politics or
appearances. Not necessarily accurate, as we said, but a
baseline from which to start.

The Laibon have no such easy distinctions. Yes, the
Guruhi are usually in charge, governing tradition-bound
domains. The Xi Dundu are usually ruthless, exploit-
ative, working to unseat the Guruhi and take their place.
But even if these are lines of demarcation almost as heavy
as those between the Western sects, what of the other
legacies? Most of them have no hard-and-fast tendencies
regarding which side they're likely to ally with. It would
be easy to assign them a "side" and call it a day, but that's
sloppy thinking.

Players who are accustomed to basing most of their
impressions of, and interactions with, other vampires
solely on the Camarilla-Sabbat axis are going to be
surprised and somewhat dismayed when they truly realize
that no such easy pigeonholing is possible here. On the
other hand, Storytellers who are accustomed to basing
their own characters' personas and goals on that same
division have to be very careful when telling a story set in
the Ebony Kingdom. You need to guard against the
tendency to think of the Laibon in Kindred terms. The
Guruhi are not the Camarilla, with their Osebo enforcers
and their Ishtarri and Akunanse advisors. The Xi Dundu
are not the Sabbat, using the Naglopers and hired Kinyonyi
as their attack dogs. This isn't to say that these alliances
and positions are impossible or even uncommon, but
you're just as likely to see any other combination of
alliances and enmities. It's an easy trap to fall into,


anes:

pe ee.

Dervnerace

Ruri

= A ae 4g SSN
SATA ORS

particularly for experienced Vampire Storytellers, but if
you do so, you're back to the "playing regular Vampire
with funky names" situation ag

PAITH AND BELIEF
Particularly in the wilds and smaller villages, but

a

even in the modern cities, Af s still a land of deep
religious beliefs and superstition. A large portion of the
population is Christian, yes, but far from an overwhelm-
ing majority. Many Africans practice Islam, and while
most Muslims are concentrated in northern Africa, quite
afew of them live in the sub-Saharan regions, particularly
along the east coast. The majority of Africans, of course,
practice traditional religions, such as Yoruba and many
others, that acknowledge the existence of both a supreme
deity and multiple lesser spirits.

You should always determine which system of belief
any given Storyteller character follows if you intend for
him to play more than a bit part in your chronicle, since
religious belief can drastically alter the behavior of the
individual. Do all Laibon who come from a traditional
background consider vampirism to be a curse? Perhaps
some simply believe that they have been chosen by the
spirits of the region for greatness. Others might believe
and irredeemably evil, their

that they are irrevocably
souls already lost.

Caine might have been a prideful farmer cursed by
God, but Cagn was a god. The notion that the Laibon
are all demigods is not uncommon, and it can lead to an
overweening hubris that makes the Kindred look down-
right modest. Combined with the pride many Laibon
have already developed due to the heady notions of
"immortality," and you find the occasional African
vampire who truly considers himself nothing less than
a god and attempts to rule his domain accordingly.
Those with sufficient power and restraint might be able
to force their fellow Laibon to treat them with proper
and to terrify the kine into
bility. Those who overesti-
mate their own power wind up either deposed by another
of the kholo or slain by hunters from among the local

respect and deference,

obedience or at least trac

mortal population.

Many Laibon are also susceptible to superstition.
The Xi Dundu lack of shadow might be the source of the
Bavili belief that when a man dies, he loses his shadow.
On the other hand, they might be victims of that
superstition, having done something to draw that same
fate down upon them. Similarly, many
scribe to the Khoikhoin belief that you should never

mpires sub-

stand in another's shadow, in case he has dangerous
magic or medicine that might harm you. Some Laibon
find themselves trapped when they entered a hut, only
to discover that someone has placed a kerrie in the
doorway. The Khoikhoins believed that such an act

would hold the "night-walker" in the hut until sunrise.
Is it the belief of the mortal who places it that makes it
work (when it does work), or is it the Laibon's own
superstition that keeps her from stepping over the stick
and vanishing into the night?

As with religion, you should decide how supersti-
tious any primary Storyteller character is before a situation
arises in which it might prove important. The tempta-
tion, at least to the Western mind, might well be to
declare that the major character:
to believe in any of this "nonsense.
trap. Such judgments are a cultural issue that simply isn't
the same in Africa. Most of the population believes in
spirits of some sort, and a belief in spirits almost by
definition entails a belief in methods or charms for
controlling, gaining the favor of or warding off those
spirits. The most "sophisticated" Laibon are no less likely
to maintain such beliefs than anyone else — and in the
World of Darkness, who's to say what's superstition and
what's actual magic?

"too sophisticated"
Don't fall into that

e

AvQuick Nore
Spirituality, religion and superstition might
bémore.comnion orat least more openly.preva-
lent here than imothercultures, but thatdoesn't
mean. that, True Faith is*sany mote frequent.
hould ‘resist the temptation to
downplay the. spiritual in an Ebony Kingdom

Just»as you

chronicle, you should alsomake ap6int not to
go too far in theother direction. The shaman;
priest-or simple farmer who actually has powet

overt the Laibombecatise of the intensity of her
faith is a lot moré"impressiv
thing. True Faith, likesanything else, los

if she's, a_ rare
its
power — ovér-your players, if not their charac-
ters — if it becomes commonp!

pe ee a

Tue MASQUERADE

One of the greatest points of difference between the
Ebony Kingdom and the Western Kindred is the degree
of secrecy. Obviously the Laibon don't parade about in
busy thoroughfares, announcing that they're vampires to
all and sundry. The truth is, however, that the Masquer-

ar looser in Africa than just about anywhere else
in the world.

ade is

No single reason for this exists. In part, it's simply
cultural. Africa never experienced the Inquisition, the
Laibon never had the dubious honor of seeing an
entire religion rise up in an attempt to strike them
down. The Laibon understand the need for subtlety,
but they haven't seen the alternative firsthand the way
the Kindred have.


A substantial portion of the kine of Africa follow
faiths that allow for the existence of creatures like vam-
pires far more than the Abrahamic traditions do. To the
Yoruba or the Kongo, the Laibon is just another of many
dark spirits that roam the night and must be either
warded off, appeased or simply avoided. They are to be
feared, yes, but their mere existence is not sufficient to
shake the mortals' world view, or to incite the masses to
rise up in arms.

Finally, the Laibon simply don't have to worry about
word spreading the same way the Kindred do. Even the
industrial parts of Africa lack some of America's and
Europe's ubiquitous media and means of instant commu-
nication. Not everyone has a cell phone or a video
camera, and not everything that happens makes the 10
o'clock news. For the two-thirds of Africa's population
that still lives in rural villages and farmsteads, instant
communication isn't even a concept they're familiar
with. News spreads only as fast as a man can walk (or run)
to the next village. In an environment where informa-
tion is so difficult to come by, the need for secrecy is
practically nonexistent.

For most Laibon — and therefore most Storyteller
characters — this translates into a sense of entitlement
and power found only in the eldest of Western Kindred.
The Laibon are far more likely to use their supernatural
powers and abilities to terrify or cow the kine around
them. Many of them still believe, consciously or uncon-
sciously, that they are the true lords of humanity, and
they lord over their domains accordingly. They hunt
more openly, act more openly, and in essence feel the
need to hide themselves from the outside world, but not
so much from their own people.

The fear of breaching the Masquerade — and the
consequences of such a breach, be it from kine or angry
sect officials — is a leash on the behavior of most wise
Kindred, and therefore most players. The Laibon can't
afford to be too blatant, but they lack the same degree of
concern. Your Storyteller characters should act accord-
ingly, without fear of using their Disciplines and other
abilities in some situations where the Kindred would be
unwilling to do so.

That said, don't let your players or your Storyteller
characters get away with too much. Africa's distant, but
it's not entirely isolated. Excessive violence or unex-
plained phenomena will draw attention even here, and
the Laibon most assuredly do not want the rest of the
world peeking in on them. The restrictions are looser
here, but they're not absent.

Of course, this utterly alien philosophy com-
pletely throws off those few Kindred who find their
way to the Ebony Kingdom, and those Laibon who
visit the world beyond.

ee

CONFLICT AND DRAMA

The next step, as with any chronicle of any game, is
to decide what sort of stories you want to tell. All the
classical conflicts, both in literary and in Vampire terms,
are available in an Ebony Kingdom story. Internal and
external conflicts, man vs. man, man ys. self, man vs.
nature and all that — or, in their Vampire-centric
incarnations, Virtues vs. the Beast, Laibon vs. Laibon,
Laibon ys. mortals, Laibon vs. the natural order of things.

Still, even ifthe archetypes are the same, Storytellers
might have difficulty translating them into the medium
of a new setting like Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom.
Presented here, then, are numerous plot, conflict and
story suggestions for your own chronicles. As always, they
can be used as is, or altered, tweaked and twisted into
whatever shapes you desire.

INTERNAL CONFLICT

Inner turmoil and personal conflict are absolutely inte-
gral to any Vampire game, be it set in the Ebony Kingdom
or the West. Unfortunately, it's also the hardest sort to
portray and to make. It involves truly getting into character,
often to a point that some players aren't comfortable with.

Guess what? You shouldn't force them. The Virtues
of Aye and Orun are vital to defining Kindred of the
Ebony Kingdom, no less so than Humanity is to a
traditional Vampire game. Without them, much of the
horror of the setting, the true impact of portraying a
blood-stealing walking corpse, is lost. But no single
aspect of the game, however vital, is more important than
the enjoyment of the players. It might seem unsatisfying
to leave Aye and Orun entirely in the realm of the
mechanical, decided almost entirely by the dice, but
better that than making your players uncomfortable.

If you are fortunate enough to have players who are
willing to explore their characters to this depth, however,
and if you yourself are willing to do the same, we can
provide some starting points for creating stories that take
full advantage of the built-in struggles inherent to unlife.

Morac QUANDARIES

Perhaps the simplest option for internal conflict, at
least in terms of Storyteller planning, is simply to con-
front the players with frequent moral choices. This is
easiest not only because the Storyteller has control over
which events occur, but because it's the only such con-
flict addressed mechanically, in the form of Virtues.

At its core, the very nature of the Laibon should
present your players with a moral quandary. They are, after
all, surviving by stealing blood from the living, something
that should at least moderately repulse most people. Par-
ticularly in-depth roleplayers will succeed in portraying
their character's revulsion at what they're forced to do.


But let's be realistic. Feeding is something the Laibon
have to do pretty regularly, which means it's also a
frequent part of the story. If every successful hunt is cause
for agonized soul-searching, with no other moral ambigu-
ities or challenges interspersed with it, it quickly loses its
impact — for the players, if not for the characters.

What else can you try, then, to really drive home to
your players the idea that they have difficult, perhaps
even impossible, choices to make?

Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom provides a very
useful tool in the form of the familial links shared by the
Laibon ina given region. It's natural for an individual to
want to take sides when members of his family are
arguing or competing with one another. Suppose the
primary conflict in the region is between a Laibon on
one side who has been an ally, maybe even a friend
(insofar as vampires have those) to the players' charac-
ters, and the Guruhi magaji on the other. Are your
players willing to risk themselves to stand by their
companion, or are they prepared to sacrifice their com-
patriot in the name of advancement and
self-preservation? How does the circumstance change
further if one side or the other is clearly in the right?
What if the side in the right is clearly the least beneficial
to the players' characters? Which is a greater calling,
duty or friendship, loyalty or convenience? Yes, we
know which way most Laibon would probably choose,
but your players don't represent most Laibon.

What about the kine? Most of Africa's population
lives in devastating poverty. By working to advance and
enrich themselves through the use of supernatural abili-
ties and mortal cat's-paws, aren't the Laibon, in effect,
cheating some of the people around them of similar
opportunities? Doesn't every villager who is unable to
work because he's weakened from loss of blood mean that
the remainder have to work that much harder to grow
enough food to survive? Isn't every politician who is
serving the interests of a Laibon master consequently
ignoring the needs of her mortal constituents? How many
foreign organizations or technological advances that the
elder Laibon schemed and pulled strings to bar from
Africa for fear of change could have truly improved the
lives of those who suffer here?

It's easy, in the intrigue- and struggle-filled arena of
an Ebony Kingdom story, for players to forget that the
kine are part of the setting. A tendency exists to focus
solely on the Laibon and think of the mortals only when
a character grows a bit thirsty or when she has to decide
if too many kine are watching for her to justify turning
into a lion. It's also true that many Laibon have suffi-
ciently low Aye that they really don't care about the
suffering of the people around them. Nevertheless, play-
ing up the misery of the people, particularly the suffering
that can at least partially be traced back to the Laibon

themselves, is a good way to get your players thinking,
and their characters agonizing over their choices. The
swift accidental death of a kine while feeding can be
dismissed and forgotten, but it's difficult for even the
most jaded Laibon (or player) to ignore prolonged human
misery when it's thrown in his face on a regular basis.

Reiicious CHALLENGES

A cclose relative of the moral quandary, achallenge to
a character's religious beliefs can create just as much
internal conflict. It's somewhat more difficult to orches-
trate, since not all characters share the same religious
background or degree of belief, but it's still quite effective
when done properly. You might wish to ask your players
about their character's particular religious beliefs — not
just which faith they follow, but to what degree — when
the characters are first created. This gives you a better
idea of what sort of religious conflicts will be most
effective in the course of the chronicle.

Although each individually accounts for a minority
of the population, the combined worshippers of Chris-
tianity and Islam form the greater portion of Africa's
faithful (albeit just barely). Christian and Muslim Laibon
face the same crises of faith that Kindred do in the West
or Middle East. Vampires are hideous, unnatural, possibly
soulless creatures that should not exist by any traditional
understanding of God's laws. Have they any hope at all
for redemption, or are they damned to Hell through no
sin worse than being dragged into the fold by yet another
damned soul?

For those who believe that they're beyond all hope,
itcan bea terrible internal struggle not to simply succumb
to despair and depression. If God Himself has rejected
you, can you possibly be worth anything? Is there a point
in doing anything at all when your eventual fate is
predestined? Many of these Laibon grow angry, lashing
out at those who believe as they do (or did), furious that
others still have the chance for paradise that's been
cruelly stripped from them.

Christian and Muslim Laibon who still believe they
can prove themselves in God's eyes face a different inner
struggle. All their instincts as a vampire scream out
against the faith and moderation that they must maintain
if they're to have their chance at redemption. How does
one of these faithful reconcile God's laws with their need
to drink blood or their sometimes-lethal tempers? How
can you prove yourself worthy when your very physical
nature demands that you commit crimes that sully your
soul? Despair and anger are no less common among these
Laibon than their brethren who believe in their inevi-
table damnation. In fact, it's often worse, as some Laibon
feel that they are being deliberately taunted, shown
opportunities for redemption with one hand, only to
have them snatched away by the other.


Therefore, three common types of Christian and
Muslim Laibon exist. Many simply allow their devotion
to wane, losing any degree of belief they possessed as
mortals. These characters hardly think about religion
and rarely allow the teachings of their faith (or former
faith) to influence their actions. This doesn't generate
much internal conflict, except maybe when the charac-
ter thinks over what she's lost.

More promising, at least in terms of the drama they
engender, are those who still cling to their faith. Some
Laibon still strive for redemption, orat least acknowledge
their damned state as part of God's plan. Such characters
can be severely challenged by events that force them to
confront the injustices of that "plan." When they see
those who they believe to be less deserving reaping
rewards that should be theirs, it can shake the entire
foundation of their faith. Evil men have riches, power,
family and friends who love them, yet the character
herself — who might well have been a much better
person when mortal — is forced to lurk in the shadows,
stealing life from others, and denied or at least forced to
tely struggle for paradise. Roleplayers and Story-
tellers both can create some truly fascinating tales in the

desper:

examination of such crises of faith.

Those Laibon who still believe themselves to be
irrevocably and unfairly damned, who shake their fists
at God and acknowledge no greater plan, can be
equally conflicted when faced with the proper stimuli.
They often react with anger when confronted by those
who still have a chance for redemption. Particularly
religious kine are quick to trigger feelings of envy and
rage, and a Storyteller who tempts or taunts such
characters with the chance to harm those who still
enjoy what they have lost create an internal conflict
for players to really sink their teeth into. Even better,
however, is to show a glimmer of hope to a character
that has, to that point, been portrayed as particularly
hostile toward religion and the faithful. If a vampire
who believes himself truly damned receives even the
smallest hint that redemption is not beyond him —
perhaps in the form of another Laibon who once felt as
he did, hints of a means of regaining mortality, even
signs and portents and dreams — the character and the
player are then faced with a difficult choice. If he
acknowledges that hope still exists, he must struggle to
change his ways and to atone for all he's done in the
past. If he does not, however, he condemns himself
once more to an unlife without meaning and an after-
life of eternal torment.

What of those Laibon who follow more traditional
African religions? The Yoruba and Kongo peoples be-
lieve devoutly in an enormous number of spirits, both
malign and benevolent, who move about the world and
either guide or oppose the natural order. They believe in


a supreme deity but believe that He has precious little
interaction with the mortal world, and that these spirits
serve as His intermediaries and agents.

This sort of belief system allows for the Laibon
existence much more easily than do Christianity or
Islam. If the vampire is simply some form of entity that
has merged with a human corpse, or even the spirit of the
dead man who has been unable to depart for some reason,
then he might not be damned to any form of divine
retribution in the afterlife. For that matter, the Laibon, or
whatever spirits create them, might well be a divinely
mandated part of the natural order.

For this reason, devout Laibon of African faiths
tend to be less conflicted by their unnatural desires and
abilities than are their Christian or Muslim cousins.
This doesn't mean that their religious leanings don't
provide substantial inner conflict material for the Sto-
ryteller, merely that she must approach them from a
different angle.

Yoruba and the other spirit-oriented religions in-
clude procedures, charms and ceremonies intended to
honor, ward off or beseech aid from those spirits. They
aren't precisely compulsions — that is, in the strictest
sense, the spirits are not forced to obey. If the rites and
sacrifices are performed correctly, however, the spirits
are bound by the laws of nature to heed them. They may
not respond entirely as anticipated or desired, but they
will respond.

How then should a Yoruban Laibon respond if he is
subjected to such a ritual? Even True Faith is insufficient

to compel a vampire to any but the simplest of actions,
and True Faith is rare even in this spiritual land. It's
unlikely, then, that the rites would have any affect on the
Laibon. He might, of course, choose to acknowledge the
practitioners in respect for the laws of his faith, but he
might choose not to. If he chooses not to, though, has he
violated the basic tenets of his faith? Ifhe is now as much
aspirit as a man, is he not bound to follow the laws of the
spirits? If he doesn't, has he betrayed his faith — or, even
worse, disproved them?

Many of these religions also maintain that any
shaman who uses his power over the spirits to harm
another person has perverted the intent of the rites
and the religion. He has become evil, a force to be
stopped or destroyed, and will almost certainly face
eventual punishment for his wrongs. But do the Laibon
qualify as spirits? They've something of the spiritual in
them, of course, but while their powers, their Disci-
plines, are certainly supernatural, they could be
interpreted as simply the same sorts of magics that
mortals invoke. Is a Laibon who harms one of the kine
simply following his own nature, or is he condemning
himself to a horrific end?

Assuming your players are willing to deal with it in
character, guilt is the easiest internal turmoil to orches-
trate, but it's also the easiest to overdo.

In essence, all you have to do is put the character in
asituation where she must take an action that will harm
others or otherwise violate her code of ethics, or you
might twist an action she's taken in the past so that it has
repercussions she couldn't foresee. The nature of the
Laibon is inherently violent, so an alert Storyteller has
plenty of opportunity to put the player in a difficult
situation. She might recover from frenzy amid the slaugh-
tered remnants of a family of seven, discover that the
money she's embezzled via her thralls in civil government
was going to aid the starvation-wracked village in which
she was born, learn that the man she pulled strings to help
usher into political office is an iron-fisted sadistic dicta-
tor, or even learn that she's the carrier of some hideous
disease that she's been passing on to the kine.

Of course, if your players are of the sort who play
vampires to avoid having to care about others, none of
this is going to work. Even with the mechanics of Aye and
Orun, you can't force your players to portray guilt any
more than youcan the other internal conflicts, so choose
your stories carefully.

In order to heighten the impact a character (and
player) feels in these circumstances, the Storyteller might
want to consider delaying Virtue rolls. After all, no
reason exists for a character to feel bad about something
she didn't know was harmful. Upon discovery of the
damage she's caused, however, a Virtue roll might be
called for, no matter how long after the fact it may be.

Loss or Loven ONES

We're not talking about the death of the character's
friends or family through violence here. That's certainly
a viable story concept, albeit a relatively common one,
but it hardly qualifies as an internal conflict.

No, instead we're referring to the forced separation of
the character from his mortal life brought about by his
undead condition. It's a facet of the character and the
game that's often ignored in the rush to "get to the good
stuff," but it shouldn't be. It's a powerful, even devastat-
ing realization in any character's development that he
truly can't go home again.

It's all but impossible to hide what one has become
from those who know one well. How does a newly
Embraced Laibon explain why he never eats? Why he's so
cold? And of course there's that daylight issue. It's re-
motely possible that a Laibon in one of Africa's larger,
more industrialized cities might be able to pass himself off
as simply havinga preference for nocturnal life or perhaps
anight job, but this sort of excuse rarely holds up for long.
Too many social events require him to be out during the


CZEC is
a ZEST LG

11 Pd>- OF ae 4

Pare cee Bee reer

day. If your story is set ina rural part of Africa, no possible
excuse exists. As they"

ve done for hundreds of years, these
people rise with the sun, for most of their day consists of
tending animals and the crops of the field.

If you cannot hide, is it possible the family might
accept you? It's uncommon, certainly. Most people are
terrified — and rightly so — of the Laibon, if they learn
of their existence. Their loved one has become an un-
natural, soulless thing. He drinks blood. He's dead. This
cannot be an intended part of God's world.

Followers of African faiths such as Yoruba are a little
bit more likely to try to accept the presence of a Laibon
in the family, simply because they already <
the presence of local or family spirits. They're certainly

nowledge

not going to treat the character the same way they used
to, however. If he's truly lucky, they might simply wall
themselves off from him with an unbreakable layer of
veneration and respect, unwilling to think of him as just
one of the family. More frequently, they pretend to
accept him, but cannot prevent their fear of him from
emerging and showing itself on a regular basis. In the end,
many Laibon who have attempted to stay with their
families leave of their own volition, unable to bear the
change in their loved ones' attitudes. Most vampires
discover that solitude when one is truly by oneself is far
easier than solitude in the midst of a crowd.

Another aspect to be considered is that, even if
you're the one-in-a-million Laibon whose family some-
how manages to accept you unconditionally, you're no
doubt putting them in danger by remaining with them.
All it takes is one whiff of blood, one uncontrolled
frenzy, to stain your hands with blood that never washes
And even if you don't harm them, the vampire
hasn't yet walked the earth who managed to avoid
making enemies either among his own kind or among
the kine. The family surrounding a Laibon become
nothing but targets of opportunity for those who would
harm the Laibon himself.

ol

The decision to leave family and friends after the
Embrace is not an easy one. Many Laibon attempt to stay,
usually with the negative consequences enumerated thus
far. Once they leave, many are struck with a horrible
sense of loneliness. The local Laibon might think of you
as part of their family, but it takes time to dey
reciprocal attitudes. Young Laibon are often easily taken
in by anyone who professes to be sympathetic, simply

lop

because they're desperate for an end to the loneliness.

Others grow resentful, angry at their families for
turning them out, even if that's not really the way it
happened. A burning anger at their former loved ones
can lead to all sorts of other interesting moral and
emotional quandaries for the player if the Storyteller
allows them to run their course.


Se aes 2 ap

Some Laibon actually find it in them to under-
stand why their families couldn't allow them to stay.
These Laibon sometimes make a practice of hanging
around, trying to serve as some sort of familial guardian
angel. Their desire to protect those they loved wars
constantly with the knowledge that the Laibon's mere
presence poses a constant risk to the very mortals he
hopes to protect.

Don't ignore this aspect of your players' characters'
development. The way a Laibon reacts to his forced
separation from the life he knew can set the tone for the
rest of the character's eternal existence. Clever Storytell-
ers can keep aspects and consequences of this single
choice returning to haunt the characters again and again
throughout the length of an entire chronicle.

EXTERNAL CONFLICT

All right, let's be honest. Internal conflict makes
for wonderful drama, but it's the external conflict,
competition and enmity with outside forces that forms
the heart of most stories. This isn't because it's a supe-
rior form of storytelling, but rather because it's both
easier for all concerned and it provides many more
options and permutations.

"Easier" is not the same as "easy," of course. Like
everything else, it's vital you give your plots and conflicts
a special twist or perspective to ensure that you've taken
full advantage of the setting and other tools provided by
Kindred of the Ebony Kingdom. Suggestions for stories
that do just that follow, but again, don't feel constrained
to the ideas we've presented. If they inspire you to create
so much the better.

your own stories and concepts

PROGRESS AND OuTSIDE INFLUENCE VS. STASIS
AND CULTURAL INTEGRITY

Over two-thirds of Africa's population lives in rural
villages or tribal lands largely unchanged by the last
several centuries' worth of technological progress. Much
of the reason for this has to do with the simple poverty of
the people and even, in some cases, the individual na-
tional governments. If no profit is to be had making
power, easy communications or modern medicine avail-
able to the poor villagers of the so-called "Dark
Continent," why should any First-World entities or in-
ternational corporations bother? Why should the
governments, many of which only barely keep them-
selves afloat, and many others of which are far too
concerned with maintaining their own power and en-
riching their own politicians, foot the bill?

Before we get too caught up in placing all the blame
onthe evils of capitalism, however, it must be pointed out
that some in Africa, both among the poor and the
powerful, have reasons other than greed for blocking
rural Africa's entry into the 2 1st century. Many of Africa's
traditionally minded religious and secular leaders fear the

corruption or destruction of native culture that would
inevitably (at least in their minds) follow a massive influx
of modern notions — notions that must, by definition,
come alongside the modern technology that sprang from
them. They fear a loss of spirituality, of history, of purity.

Norhas the Western world, the source of much of the
technology and foreign culture in question, given Africa
much reason to trust it. Africa has been exploited, its
lands and people taken for Western use, throughout
much of its history. Even tonight, when colonization and
slavery are largely things of the past, many African
governments cannot squirm their way out from beneath
the thumb of the United States and Europe. Some
African nations owe other countries so much in the way
of debt that it would take them years to pay it off even
without interest. Not that it matters, however, since
interest rates on these loans are so high that these nations
will literally never free themselves. To many Africans,
modern technology and convenience are nothing more
than tools of their foreign oppressors, and they want
nothing at all to do with them, even if they could
ostensibly make life easier.

The Laibon are split on this issue, and they often
come into substantial conflict with one another over it.
This division largely, but not entirely, occurs across the
generation gap. Many young Laibon see only the wonders
that are denied them by ancient and — to their eyes —
outmoded traditions. Some merely want the wealth and
luxury for themselves, while others are still near enough
to their mortal lives to want to help all of Africa's poor,
but both resent those in power for keeping such opportu-
nities from them, and equally resent nations and
corporations of the West for not pushing to make them
easily and cheaply available. Young Laibon have less to
gain through rebellion than their Western brethren, but
the cultural and technological stasis of Africa is one of
the issues capable of provoking open conflict.

On the other side of the issue are many of the elder
Laibon, as well as those raised with or taught a deep
reverence for the old ways and traditions. Many of these
vampires actually remember the periods of colonization
and Western slavery. Others simply believe that the old
beliefs will die out, smothered beneath a tide of Western
ideas, and some simply do not wish to see these strange
technologies that they cannot understand in the hands of
neonates who might use that advantage to steal away
some of the elders' authority.

Most of the time, these disagreements result in heated
arguments and competitive rivalries, but they can esca-
late to open war and bloodshed between Laibon with
differing viewpoints, especially if one side feels that the
other is aiding and abetting the local kine in one way or
another. Although this is far from a hard-and-fast rule,
the Xi Dundu often side with those Laibon who wish to


see new technologies and new ideas allowed to flourish.
They don't do so because they particularly care for the
progress of the people of Africa, but because their rivals,
the Guruhi, cling to the old ways and gain much of their
power from allies who still follow the old traditions.

Eber vs. NEONATE

The preceding conflict is one of the greatest points of
contention between elder and young Laibon, but it's not
the only one. Laibon neonates feel the same frustrations
as their Western counterparts. Held down by a system
that rewards age above all other considerations, they are
left largely without power or representation in a society
they cannot escape. Resentment simmers and occasion-
ally boils over as those neonates strive for — and usually
fail to acquire —a larger piece of the pie.

That said, this conflict is rarely as open in the Ebony
Kingdom as it is in the West. Only very occasionally do
neonates actively oppose their elders. The reason for this
is simple. Among the Western Kindred, at least a small
chance exists that if an elder is removed from power, her
replacement might be more sympathetic to the neonates'
cause — on rare occasions, such as in New York, perhaps
even come from the younger ranks himself. After all,
even elder Kindred sometimes prove wise enough not to
accept a truly incompetent elder in a position of power.

In the Ebony Kingdom, where age is often the only
criteria for authority, the neonates have less to gain by
removing an intractable elder from her position. In
many cases, no doubt exists as to who her replacement
will be, and with no choice available, a coup only makes
sense if that replacement happens to be one who will
support the neonates. This, as might be imagined, is not
a common occurrence.

Rebelling against the elders, therefore, tends to take
more subtle forms. Rather than rising up, neonates make
a point of sabotaging the elders' efforts, sidetracking or
eliminating agents or using information gained by expen-
sive (and in many cases forbidden) technologies to force
concessions. Only if pushed beyond the point of frustra-
tion do these efforts erupt into open conflict.

Entire chronicles can be based around a band of
neonates attempting to find a covert means of forcing
their local elders to cooperate with their agendas, from
blackmail to the loss of supporters, pawns and sources of
income. Of course, all of this must be done without the
elders discovering who is responsible, or else the charac-
ters might find themselves staked in the savanna, waiting
to see whether the beasts or the sunlight finds them first.

One interesting twist you might wish to add to your
stories is to make the players' primary rival or enemy
among the elders incompetent, rather than actively
malicious. Because the Laibon reward age regardless of
accomplishment or ability, it's entirely possible for an

elder in a position of authority or respect to have abso-
lutely no idea how to handle it. If the players' characters
seek to curtail the power of an elder or remove him
completely because his incompetence is damaging the
domain or the local legacy, they'll find themselves with
very different sorts of allies and enemies than if the elder
simply happens to hate them or seeks opposing goals.
Don't turn such opponents into complete jokes, though.
Being incompetent in one's position doesn't make one
entirely helpless — and even if it did, the elder no doubt
has servants and allies who wish to see him maintain his
post for their own ends.

FAMILIAL OBLIGATION VS. PERSONAL AMBITION

The Laibon expect conflict within and among the
various legacies, tribes and "families." These are vam-
pires, after all. It's bad form, however, to openly act
against another in your family without very good reason,
especially if the result will be a weakening of the family's
power in the region.

Ifan open conflict does erupt between tribemates or
other "related" Laibon, the reactions of the Laibon
around them depend greatly on the size of the conflict.
If it's asmall confrontation, perhaps between two groups
of relatively weak neonates, the odds are that most of
the Laibon will remain uninvolved (unless they see an
opportunity to advance their own position, of course).
This means that the players' characters won't likely face
excessive opposition, but it also means that they cannot
count on the aid of allies. If, on the other hand, the
conflict grows to unmanageable sizes, or threatens a
Laibon in a position of authority, the entire domain
might well polarize into camps. Again, those with
something to gain might well choose to assist the
troublemakers, but the majority of Laibon, particularly
the elders, will side with tradition, the "proper" authori-
ties and, above all, whichever side seems most likely to
quickly return to the status quo.

Characters who make a practice of stirring up this
sort of trouble could find their alliances and connections
disappearing entirely, and most magaji are more than
willing to banish young and troublesome Laibon from the
family domain if they become too difficult to handle.

Players need not act against others in their tribe or
legacy to find themselves torn between their own goals
and family obligations, however. The Laibon are no less
aspiritual, tradition-oriented people than the kine from
which they're drawn. The players' characters might be
required to attend a ceremonial or religious rite on the
same night they're supposed to meet their Kinyonyi
contact. The Guruhi magaji might demand a service of
them that takes time away from their own agendas.
They might realize after careful examination of a situa-
tion that yes, they can usurp influence over the new


industrial plant in South Africa from the elder who
currently pulls the strings. That might mean weakening
the family's power in the region, however, since the
elder has connections and resources that the players'
characters lack.

Ofcourse, players who are truly getting into the spirit
of the Laibon should be hesitant to scheme against the
family simply because they are family — but what a
Laibon "should" do in a certain situation might not
always be what's expected of her.

EXPECTATIONS vs. DESIRE

A close relative of the previous conflict, this occurs
any time a character's personal wants and goals run
headlong into the expectations others might have of her.
Perhaps her sire expects her to loyally serve the magaji, as
he himself has done for countless decades. Maybe he
Embraced her in order to pass along his ancient knowl-
edge and sorcerous teachings, only to learn that she's
become far more interested in using her undead proclivi-
ties to acquire wealth and power.

These expectations need not come from other
Laibon. A character can still feel compelled to follow
her parent's dreams that she make it to the big city and
become a doctor, despite the fact that they're now dead
and the rather drastic limitations imposed by her new
nocturnal existence. She might feel constrained by her
religious faith and the expectations of local shamans to
serve a village of kine when they correctly perform
rituals of supplication, even though she'd much prefer
to be out doing other things. If she was a patriot, loyal
to her government, people or tribe, the duties imposed
on her by that loyalty might not simply evaporate after
the Embrace.

As any good Storyteller has guessed, the best time to
play up these conflicts of interest is when the players'
characters are right on the verge of accomplishing some-
thing they really wanted, then giving them a reason —
through obligation or duty to another — to either put it
off or abandon it entirely. The struggles they'll go through
trying to find a way to accomplish both can fuel the story
for quite some time.

LeGAcy vs. LEGACY

This is one of the most common forms of struggle
among the Laibon and also one of the most familiar to
Storytellers of Vampire: The Masquerade. Though nearly
any sort of conflict can erupt for any reason, certain
legacies maintain common enmity with one another. In
some respects, the divisions are so frequent that they
almost begin to resemble the conflict between the West-
ern Kindred sects.

(That's an important almost. These are not sects, and
the legacies involved shouldn't be pigeonholed.)

‘~O
a,

PA
Om

a"

SI ae

The most common of these conflicts, and perhaps
the most dangerous, is the growing power struggle be-
tween the Guruhi and the Xi Dundu. The shadowless
Laibon represent the greatest threat to the magaji's power
in modern history; they're organized, ruthless and abso-
lutely power-hungry. Perhaps more importantly, where
the players' characters are concerned, is the fact that the
Guruhi, still bound by tradition and old ways of thinking,
require the aid of younger Laibon, Laibon with the ability
to develop new solutions and take advantage of modern
strategies, to ward off the Xi Dundu. Whether the players
side with the old, in hopes of preventing something even
worse from assuming control, or they ally themselves
with the new, committing innumerable atrocities for the
Xi Dundu in exchange for a place in the new order, is
entirely up to them.

Of course, this is not the only struggle between
legacies, merely the most far-reaching. The Kinyonyi are
known as mercenaries and assassins, so they often find
themselves the hunted rather than the hunters if a
powerful Laibon is slain. Entire domains have been
purged of Kinyonyi in the wake of a particularly vicious
ssassination, even if no solid proof existed that they were
responsible. The Osebo occasionally grow too destruc-
tive to be left unchecked. Nobody really wants the
ghoulish Naglopers assembling in any great numbers.
The Nkulu Zao are paranoid enough to battle anyone
they consider a potential threat, and this often puts them
in conflict with Guruhi attempting to expand their
domains, Xi Dundu attempting to form new domains and
Akunanse who demand the right to go where they wish,
when they wish.

For a particularly fascinating story, make a point of
ensuring that the tribe of players' characters includes
members from both sides in a conflict between legacies.

LeGacy vs. INDIVIDUAL

The familial ties between members of a given
legacy in a domain make it dangerous in the extreme
to openly oppose or attack any local Laibon. If the
characters humiliate, injure or kill an enemy, they
might well find their foe's entire "family" coming after
them in retaliation.

Obviously, this doesn't happen every time two Laibon
go at it. Only if the vampire in question is particularly
well liked or powerful, or if the others of his legacy decide
that the characters represent an ongoing threat, are they
likely to interfere. When they do, however, the charac-
ters find themselves facing notasingle aggravated Laibon,
but every one of his brothers and sisters as well.

When faced with the enmity of an entire legacy, an
individual or small tribe really has only a few options, and
taking them on in direct combat is rarely one of them.
First, the characters can simply flee. The family ties


within a legacy rarely extend far beyond a specific do-
main, and unless the characters' crimes are truly heinous,
they're unlikely to be pursued. Some characters might
not be willing to flee, however, either because this
domain is home, or because they have objectives in the
area that they haven't yet achieved.

If the characters are willing to humble themselves
and accept any censure or atonement laid upon them, it
might be possible to make amends to the injured legacy
before things get out of hand. The wrath of the Laibon
can be extreme, especially if the wounded party is still
privy to the decision-making process, but most Laibon
would rather have unliving vampires owe them favors
and perform services for them than to slay potentially
useful tools in an act of vengeance. Storytellers shouldn't
make it impossible for the players to earn a reprieve, but
she also shouldn't miss the opportunity such a situation
offers for multiple stories and unpleasant tasks before the
debt is resolved.

The players' characters can go to ground, hiding
either in the neighborhoods of the cities or nearby
farming villages. Storytellers can evoke substantial ten-
sions through a series of near-discoveries as the players
struggle to remain unseen until they can accomplish their
goals. Alternatively, they can seek allies of their own
among other Laibon of the domain. This can easily spiral
out of control, however, as the actions of one legacy draw
reprisals from another, and then vice-versa, until a per-
sonal enmity has snowballed into a full-fledged war.

Young Laibon might find themselves targeted by the
local members of a specific legacy through no fault of
their own. Perhaps one of them is the childe of a Laibon
who drew the wrath of the local Shango many years ago
before escaping, or maybe the characters represent a
potential threat to the domain, such as agents of a Guruhi
magaji in a Xi Dundu-dominated region. In these cases,
the characters might be hard pressed even to survive long
enough to learn what the conflict's about.

Lecacy vs. LAIBON SocieTy

It's not common, but occasionally an entire domain
can turn against a specific legacy. This most frequently
occurs along the same Guruhi-Xi Dundu rivalry men-
tioned earlier. Ifa magaji wields sufficient respect or fear,
she might be able to muster all of the "lesser" Laibon in
her domain to help ward off a Xi Dundu incursion.
Alternatively, if the Guruhi in a region have proven too
heavy-handed, their so-called lessers could rise up en
masse to help overthrow them.

As mentioned previously, occasionally the Laibon
will turn on the Kinyonyi of a region if powerful leaders
have been slain, and this isn't necessarily restricted to the
Laibon of the victim's legacy. Sometimes, every Laibon
inthe region becomesactive in hunting the assassins, and
one Kinyonyi is as good as another.

In many cases, the mere presence of a specific legacy
is enough to rile up the locals. Some Guruhi make a
practice of purging their domains of Naglopers or Xi
Dundu on general principle, regardless of their activities.
Furthermore, a single criminal or rogue element can ruin
it for the entire legacy. Since the Laibon think of each
other in terms of family ties, they often assume that the
actions of one vampire represent the desires and attitudes
of his family. Even if they do not, local leaders who have
been forced to punish a troublemaker often turn on his
fellows preemptively, before they can even think about
seeking vengeance for the criminal.

It seems one-sided, but the winner in a fight be-
tween Laibon of a specific legacy and everyone else in
the area isn't always obvious. If the legacy in question
holds a great deal of a domain's power, or has numerous
mortal pawns, it might well come out on top of the
struggle. In more than one domain, a coalition of young
Laibon from numerous families has attempted to throw
off the yoke of the Guruhi, only to find itself soundly
beaten. Still, under most circumstances, if a legacy has
enemies on every side and no allies to whom it can turn,
its best bet for survival is simply to pull up stakes and
find someplace else to call home.

LAIBON vs. OuTSIDERS

By strict interpretation, the Laibon might well con-
sider anyone from outside their home domain to be an
outsider. In this instance, however, we're referring to
conflicts between native Laibon and other groups or
individuals who are latecomers to the Ebony Kingdom.

Late Arrivals

The most frequent of these outsiders, although still
quite rare in the overall scheme of Laibon society, are the
Malkavians, the Mla Watu, the Nkulu Zao and the
Ventrue. All four of these legacies are relative newcomers
to Africa, and while the other Laibon have grown to
accept their presence, at least to an extent, these legacies
are neither trusted nor welcomed in most domains.

Most conflict between the Laibon and the Mla Watu
and Nkulu Zao comes about simply because both these
hunted, waning bloodlines want nothing more than to be
left alone. Unfortunately, they've both been known to
set up shop either very near, or even within, a preexisting
domain. This isn't as unreasonable an action as it might
seem. After all, even the most isolationist vampire still
needs to be relatively close to at least a small community
of kine, but most communities that are worth a Laibon's
attention already have an indigenous vampire popula-
tion. The Mla Watu and Nkulu Zao are between a rock
anda hard place. They wish to be left alone, but their very
nature requires they set up shop in the places most likely
to be claimed by other vampires. Occasionally, the Mla
Watu are able to work out an arrangement with the local
magaji, perhaps trading a small domain of their own in


exchange for occasional access to the ancient secrets
they are rumored to posses. When such arrangements
break down, however, the Mla Watu prove to be both
terrifying and subtle enemies, since their necromantic
powers provide them with abilities that the other Laibon
do not understand. The Nkulu Zao are somewhat harder
to deal with, given the legacy's innate paranoia, and
contact with them erupts much more frequently into
open conflict.

How the Laibon deal with the Ventrue, who are still
very much outsiders despite the fact that they've had at
least a small presence in Africa since the earliest nights of
British colonialism (ifnot before), depends greatly on the
individual Laibon in question. Those native vampires
who maintain an interest in bringing modern technology
and socio-political notions into Africa are often willing
to deal with the Ventrue in the hopes of trading a bit of
knowledge of the Ebony Kingdom for access to the
governmentand corporate contacts thatso many Ventrue
have. Elder Laibon, however, and many younger Laibon
whostill believe in the old ways or still hold grudges based
in the West's historical treatment of Africa, would like
nothing so much as to see every last Ventrue driven from
Africa. These Laibon aren't shy about launching open
assaults on these outsiders, as the Ventrue lack the family
support that prevents frequent warfare between other
Laibon legacies. Some Ventrue react accordingly, at-
tempting to obtain domains in the Ebony Kingdom
through violence rather than infiltration and negotia-
tion. So far, they've proven largely unsuccessful, but
those Laibon who are familiar with the workings of the
Kindred dread the night — which cannot be too terribly
far off — when the Ventrue grow frustrated with their
current efforts and turn the attentions of the entire
Camarilla sect toward the continent.

Any attempt to draw generalities about conflict with
Malkavians is doomed to failure, so we'll simply say that
for every Malkavian who manages to fit into Laibon
society — or at least exist in relative peace beyond the
periphery — another is causing all sorts of trouble for her
hosts and invariably must be either driven out or slain.

True Outsiders

Although they are exceedingly rare, so much so that
only a tiny handful of Laibon have ever met them, other
foreign creatures occasionally appear in Africa in pursuit
of their own goals. Many of these entities can be found in
Chapter Seven, while others are still utter mysteries to
the Laibon.

Although little is known about them, other Western
Kindred besides the Ventrue and the Malkavians show
an interest in Africa. Kindred from one family of nomads
and wanderers that seems to share the Akunanse affinity
for animals occasionally drift into the Ebony Kingdom.
They rarely cause trouble, and they usually leave as

quickly as they appear. Still, they have an unfortunate
tendency to hunt wherever and whenever they choose,
and this poaching on Laibon territory often leads to swift
retaliation against the intruder.

A truly hideous breed of Western Kindred, one as
ugly as the most inhuman of the Akunanse or Guruhi,
seems to hold some particular interest in Laibon society.
More than one of these horrible creatures has appeared in
the midst of a Laibon domain, demanding to meet with
the local "prince." Apparently, some rumor or urban
myth among these Kindred has convinced some of them
that Africa is one great kingdom, claimed by their own
kind. Of course, while some Guruhi resemble these
vampires, the Laibon deny any such connection. Some of
these Kindred merely slink away in dejection when they
learn the truth, but some grow angry enough that they
become a threat that must be dealt with accordingly.

Finally and perhaps most dangerously is a family of
Kindred witches, practitioners of great and foul magics,
who have shown sporadic but intense interest in the
workings of the African continent. These warlocks have
established more than one stronghold in Africa, usually
acollection of lesser witches led by a single master. These
sorcerers are intractable in their search for information.
Rumor has it that they have captured and dissected
numerous Laibon, and even that they stole a form of
Laibon sorcery many years ago and adapted it to their
own purposes (see Blood Sacrifice: The Thaumaturgy
Companion). Most Laibon believe that these warlocks
cannot be allowed to gain a true foothold in the Ebony
Kingdom — it's one of the few points on which even the
Guruhiand the Xi Dundu often agree — and, to date, few
of their strongholds have survived more than a few year:
Still, their interests have not waned, and each time they
are driven forth, they return in increasing numbers. It's
only a matter of time, the Guruhi fear, until they become
too entrenched for any single magaji to drive them out.

In all cases, the Laibon have noticed particular
patterns of behavior shown by the Western Kindred that
provide the native vampires some advantage when con-
fronting them. Obviously, the Laibon have the advantage
of fighting on their home turf. They know the local
authorities, both mortal and undead, they know the local
terrain and creatures both natural and unnatural, and
they know how best to manipulate the native kine into
fighting on their side, even unwittingly. All of this is to
be expected, but the Kindred seem bound and deter-
mined to make the Laibon's job even easier.

Most Kindred who find their way to the Ebony
Kingdom seem either unable or unwilling to accept that
things work differently here. Perhaps their single most
obvious lack of understanding relates to the Masquerade
itself. Because the restrictions imposed by the need for
secrecy are looser in Africa, the Laibon are willing to take


chances and to make use of certain abilities and Disci-
plines in the presence of kine that the Kindred wouldn't
dare. Even when the Western vampires see the Laibon
acting this way, most of them cannot bring themselves to
shake off so many years of stasis and habit. This frees the
Laibon to bring resources to bear against these outsiders
that the Kindred cannot counter.

Even when a rare Kindred finds it in herself to accept
this foreign, less concrete idea of the Masquerade, her
problems aren't over. The Laibon have had millennia to
determine exactly which lines they cannot cross, to

discover what behavior is acceptable and what, even

among those Africans who believe in magic and spirits,
will draw unwanted attention. The Kindred don't have
this knowledge, and those who shake off the shackles of
the Masquerade often push too far in the other direction.
They go from being too cautious to being too careless,
flaunting their full power and undead nature in front of
people who are prepared to accept only so much, and no
more. More than one Kindred in Africa has been incon-
venienced, injured or even killed by African
witch-hunters, tribal shamans and hedge magicians, lo-
cal police or even common farmers determined to rid
their villages of these evil creatures. Many Laibon use this
as a weapon, deliberately drawing peoples' attention toa
foreign rival with the full knowledge that the Kindred

either unwilling to bring her
full power against the kine, or else will go too far and rile

will almost certainly prov:

up evén more opposition.

Overestimating the requirements of the Masquerade
isn't the only mistake outside vampires make in Africa.
Some Western vampires seem convinced that the Laibon
are all of a single bloodline, and they're often stunned to
discover otherwise, allowing the Laibon extra time to act.
Once they've learned that the Laibon are more than a
single family, many Kindred make the fatal error of
assuming that sect allegiances from elsewhere in the
world apply here as well. Many of the African legacies are
easily mistaken for Western clans; a Kindred who as-
sumes that such a resemblance extends into the realm of
political alliances might find himself attacked by those
he expected to ally with him. On the flip side of that coin,
the Kindred often underestimate the family ties shared by
a tribe or by the members of a legacy in a given domain.
Because they don't recognize the connections a given
Laibon enjoys, they make the mistake of assuming that
she has no connections at all. Only when an entire
domain retaliates for actions taken againstasingle Laibon
do these Kindred learn the folly of their actions.

Finally, some Kindred make the same mistake when
thinking of Africa as do many American and European
kine; that is, they assume that the continent is made up

ERT

of nothing but primitive cultures, and that the people are
therefore less intelligent or less capable. The modern
cities of many African nations should put the lie to such
beliefs, but some Kindred operating among the rural
villages and farms never see such evidence.

The people of Africa, of course, are no less intelligent
or observant than anyone else, and are in some cases
quicker to recognize a vampire for what he is, precisely
because they remain closer to their spiritual and mystical
teachings. Hedge sorcery and similar examples of mortal
magics are far more common in Africa than in First-
World countries, and more than one Kindred in Africa
has met Final Death, not at the hands of the Laibon, but
beneath the magics of a tribal shaman.

LAIBON vs. MORTALS

A culture in which many people still believe de-
voutly in spirits, magic and the supernatural must, almost
by definition, produces more than its share of those few
brave mortals who take it upon themselves to defend
their people from those extraordinary threats.

LAIBON ON "THE OuTSIDE
It's important-to point out that the reverse of
all-this Holds true on those rare oceasions when
the Laibon -travel- beyond the. bouitids.of=the
Ebony._Kingdom. If you're usingthe Laibon.as
advetsariestinea"stafidard: Vampire: The Mas-
querade-story,.or if your players' characters.aré
traveling elsewhere in the world, the-Laibon
preconceptions can prove just as_harmful!to
them as the.Kindred's.
Many Laibon domnot survivé their. first jour-
red-occupied.city» The,Camarilla
reacts swiftly and violently to blatant violations

om Ca De se, WAY i

of the Masquerade, and eventhe Sabbat doesn't
like, foreigners*comihg into, its territories and
drawing attérition..A-Laibon who attempts to
behave in aEuropean or American citysthe way
she*does in ‘an African domain will likely find

hefself the subject of'a blood-hunt, pursued by
archons_or templars. whose fitst-and primary

objective is toeliminatethe Masquerade breach.
Some Laibon who learn quickl

and manage to
curb, their notihal behavior often overcompen-
sate refusing to-use any of their supernatural
abilities for fear of drawing the wrath of the
Kindred sécts:

TheLaibon also.do not understand that their
sense of familyvisn't ‘shared by the "Kindred.
Many Laibon fail to acteagainst Kindred rivals,
even when the opportunity arises, because they
fear a retaliation that,.in all likelihood, would
never come,

as macnn: ne

L

The Laibon, forall their tendencies to dismiss kine as
nothing more than a late-night snack, face substantial

danger when it comes to African hunters. Many of these

ss hedge magics or other sorcery that, while
far weaker than the Laibon Disciplines, grant them

hunters posse:

abilities far beyond those the vampires expect. Further-
more, unlike their Western counterparts who usually
work alone or in isolated groups, African hunters can call
upon a substantial portion of the populace around them
for information and succor if not support in the hunt
itself, since far more Africans believe in the supernatural
than the citizens of First-World nations.

Of course, no reason exists why your characters'
mortal antagonists have to be hunters. Plenty of other
kine can interfere with a tribe's or Laibon's objectives
without necessarily even being aware that the vampires
are involved. Perhaps the police in Cape Town are
investigating a smuggling ring that happens to be the
characters' primary means of income. Maybe the charac-
ters have somehow earned the ire of a pseudo-religious
sect operating from a large compound outside the nearest
city — such cults are not at all uncommon in Africa, as
the poverty-stricken seek any sort of hope for the future.
Aaybe the Red Cross or other international health

organization has discovered what they believe to beanew
disease in the characters' home village, a disease whose
. The
village might soon have health workers and government
officials swarming over it, perhaps even quarantining it,

ymptoms are exhaustion, listlessness and weaknes

all to find the source of a
result of Laibon feeding.

ickness" that is actually the

LAIBON VS. GOVERNMENT

Many reasons exist why individuals (or factions)
work, either overtly or covertly, against a nation's gov-
ernment, and the Laibon aren't always able to distance
themselves from such conflicts. A number of African
nations are military dictatorships, ruled by juntas that are
no less oppressive than any of the fascist or communist
regimes of history. Others are not blatantly tyrannical but

are simply corrupt, devoting most of their funds and
attention to increasing their own power and comfort,
ignoring the needs of the people below them.

Open rebellion is uncommon, if only because the
army possesses far more firepower than the populace
could ever hope to acquire. Instead, resistance against
these governments takes the form of smuggled or stolen
goods, both to bring funds to the people and to take them
from the government coffers; assassinations of semi-
important figures, since the truly important ones are
usually unreachable; demonstrations held in the pr

ence of international media, when the government is less
likely to crack down; riots that are sometimes spawned
from those same protests; and the occasional terrorist

attack on government installations.

a 106 « = =


Most Laibon inv Heed in these endeavors are the
young ones, those who still feel a connection with the
kine or who suffer under these policies as harshly as their
mortal neighbors. Some make full use of their supernatu-
ral abilities, even going so far as to tell their coconspirators
at least some of their true nature. Others simply join up
as yet another participant, using their Disciplines to aid
the cause only when they may do so discreetly.

Occasionally, experienced Laibon also turn their
efforts against mortal government. Unlike their younger
brethren, who sometimes struggle for idealistic goals, the
elders normally act because a government program or
expansion threatens their own domain. Many elders
possess sufficient contacts that they need never oppose a
mortal government directly, instead pulling strings in an
attempt to steer it down a different course. When this
method fails, however, some elders are more than willing
to turn their considerable resources against these offi-
cials, fully aware that any sabotage, assassinations or
terrorism will be blamed on any one of numerous mortal
insurgent groups.

It's important to note that not all governments in
Africa are corrupt, and not all "resistance" groups are
heroic freedom fighters. Many of these insurgent groups
represent extremist political or religious factions that
firmly believe that they, not the current regime, should
rightly have control. They employ the same techniques
mentioned thus far, with more emphasis on terrorism and
assassination and less on public demonstration. Laibon
get caught up in these causes for the same reason mortals
do — that is, fanaticism in all its forms — or else because
they feel that a new regime would be easier to manipulate
than the current one and wish to see a change of power
for their own ends.

Although the Laibon rarely involve themselves in
all-out war, they occasionally take advantage of such
widespread carnage when it happens. No Laibon are
responsible for the Rwandan genocide, of course, and
most Laibon consider itno less acrime than do most kine,
if only because it's wasteful. You can be sure, however,
that somewhere in the chaos, some elder Laibon took
advantage of the situation to strike against an already
weakened Rwandan magaji. The Laibon are nothing,
after all, if not opportunistic, no matter how hideous that
opportunity might be.

MysticisM AND RELIGION vs. SECULAR POWER
Much of the conflict between people and govern-
ment, as described, comes from the age-old collision of
the secular and the spiritual. Many of the fanatic extrem-
ist groups desire to make their own religion dominant,
regardless of the wishes of others. On the other hand,
many of the most dictatorial governments seek to sup-
press religion as it challenges their own authority.

Many African people suffer divided loyalties, unsure
whether their government or their priests/ shamans are
due the greater part of their allegiance. Tradition de-
mands that the dictates of God and/ or the spirits take
precedence over all else, but that simply isn't the way the
modern world works. Only by creating and supporting a
solid, 21st-century government can an African nation
hope to become a true part of the world order.

For this reason, in many African nations and societ-
ies, religious leaders and politicians have nothing good to
say about one another. Most of the domestic unrest
described thus far is inspired or at least aided and abetted
by spiritual figures. Many of these leaders deliberately rile
their followers up, declaring that they've a right to better
government and living conditions here and now, and
that nothing is to be lost by fighting for them because
they'll certainly be better off in the afterlife. In some
cases, each side actually believes that it's doing the right
thing for its members. In most instances, however, the
leaders are simply looking for the best way to make
themselves rich and powerful.

Africa, as mentioned previously, is home to an un-
told number of religious cults and sects. They attract
people and Laibon both, calling to those dissatisfied not
only with the conditions in which they live, but with the
policies and practices of local government. The people
often feel that no political insurgency or rebellion has any
hope of success. Yet when their movement is couched in
religious terms, blessed by God and commanded by a
leader who has proclaimed himself the voice or physical
manifestation of that God, they come to believe that they
cannot fail. Most of these cults die out on their own when
their leaders abandon them with all the money and goods
bilked from the members. In a few cases, theft isn't
enough; some of these "holy men" have slaughtered their
entire congregations before moving on to the next group
of believers. Some cults are obliterated in battle with the
police or the military, either because they opposed the
government and lost, or because the government didn't
wait for opposition and attacked first. Only a very few
survive beyond a few decades, or at most a few genera-
tions. Laibon who join these cults are just as fanatic as
their mortal brethren. Those who form cults around
them as herds or pawns, however, know they can main-
tain their sect for only so long before it's either destroyed
by outside, secular forces, or the people demand results
that the Laibon cannot produce.

LAIBON vs. NATURE

It's an often overlooked aspect of storytelling games,
but the environment itself can provide a substantial
number of plot hook and story concepts, particularly such
a setting as the Ebony Kingdom. In the standard Vam-
pire: The Masquerade game, the only environmental


threat the characters are likely to run into is the occa-
sional race against the sunrise. That's no less a threat to
the Laibon than it is to the Kindred, but it's far from the
only one.

Disease is far more prevalent here than in Europe or
the United States. With so many people suffering from
influenza, cholera, AIDS and other illnesses, it's be-
come extremely difficult for Laibon in the hardest-hit
portions of the continent to avoid exposure. In most
cases, these diseases cannot harm the Laibon herself,
but that doesn't make them any less of a threat. A
Laibon who assists the spread of any deadly or debilitat-
ing illness is simply poisoning her own well, as it were.
And in those rare cases where an offshoot of some
disease is capable of affecting vampires, it obviously
becomes an even greater threat.

The pervasive hunger of Africa's poorer communi-
ties is
vampires themselves suffer from it, but because no Laibon

lsoa threat to the Laibon — again, not because the

can long survive without a healthy community of kine
from whom to feed. A surprising number of Laibon are

involved in international charities and other organi:
tion:
because the

attempting to alleviate the constant famine, precisely
seek to strengthen their herds.

Another element of the African environment
that comes into play far more often than it does in the
West is the wildlife. Barring truly unusual circum-
stances, the worst animal attack one of the Kindred is
likely to suffer is mauling by a pack of wild dogs, or

perhapsa snake bite. In Africa, though such events are
still relatively rare, it's entirel
a hunting lioness or irritate a territorial rhinoceros

possible to encounter

during mating season while traveling outside some of
the villages that lie miles distant from the large cities.
Let those players who scoff at Animalism as the poor
cousin of the Laibon Disciplines have their foolish
chuckles. They'll think differently when they're
charged by a bull elephant in heat.

The African jungle itself can prove a hazard to
traveling Laibon, not due to any inherent threat, but

simply because it's entirely too easy to become utterly
lost if one hasn't taken the proper precautions. In the
cities, individuals have maps, street signs and usually
an stop and ask for directions. A Laibon

who wanders off the beaten path in the jungle has a

someone one

fairly good chance of finding herself still wandering
aimlessly as the sun begins to crest the eastern horizon.
She'd better hope she can find a particularly deep and
unmoving patch of shade.

in communities located near the

Finally, many Afri
banks of the continent's great rivers know too well the
dangers of flash floods during the rainy seasons. The
Laibon can do precious little to prepare for this eventu-
ality, short of packingup and moving elsewhere. Granted,


a vampire isn't going to drown when his haven is filled
with rushing water in mid-afternoon, but he could be
trapped if the building comes down around him. Even
worse, he might find himself caught up in the current
with the other detritus and dragged, gurgling impotent
screams, into the sunlight.

AND THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING...

So many more options for stories and conflict exist,
both built on and completely unrelated to the previous
examples. What happens if two Laibon, both of whom
have built religious cults around themselves, go to war?
How do the Laibon deal with the shapeshifters, the
hideous wolves, spiders and even stranger creatures that

dwell deep within the darkened jungles — or, in the case
of the truly bizarre shark-men, off the Cape of Good
Hope? Do any of the African governments know of the
Laibon, and if so, to what use have they put that knowl-
edge? How does the rest of a domain react when two of the
region's tribes come into conflict? How do the Laibon
react to these strange, mystical beings who have but
recently come south from Egypt, bearing with them an
ancient spiritual presence? How does the magaji of a rural
community fight back the encroaching expanse of the
nearby cities?

And why are you still reading, when you have so
many stories to tell?



CHAPTER SEVEN:

ANTAGONISTS}
BN te RS

STR HR epanroness sa ES

There is always something new out of Africa.
—Pliny the Elder, Natural Histc

A\NTAGONISTS

In the Ebony Kingdom as elsewhere, vampires en-
counter threats from other supernatural beings at times.
Because of the multitude of legends in Africa, the lines
between different types of supernaturals blur somewhat,
but certain basic distinctions still exist. Ghosts and
hunters are similar in the Ebony Kingdom as everywhere
else. Rather than having only Lupines, however, the
Ebony Kingdom has many different types of beast-men.
In addition, those creatures that might be regarded as
faeries elsewhere are often considered to be servants of
one or another of the trickster gods in the Ebony King-
dom. Africa also has some of its own unique threats,
including powerful creatures that are seemingly immortal
("mummies" by some accounts) and creatures that are
commonly thought to be extinct.


This chapter presents basic information on the most
common foes (or, occasionally, allies) Laibon might
encounter in their travels. Antagonists who are no differ-
ent in the Ebony Kingdom than anywhere else (ghouls
and the Arcanum, for example) are not reprinted here for
ease of use. For more information on them, see Vampire.

Unless noted otherwise (as with spirits), antagonists
who have traits separated by a slash (/) can be used in
incremental levels of threat they pose to the Laibon.
Those with higher traits are (obviously) more competent
than the "basic" level of antagoni:

SORCERERS

In many respects, the Ebony Kingdom is a much more
mysterious and magical place than much of the outside
world, and as a result, mortals with sorcerous abilities are
more common in the Ebony Kingdom than they might be
elsewhere. This is not to suggest that every African is a
witch doctor or shaman, or even that most modern Afri-
cans know one personally, but in rural areas, the old
magical traditions are alive and well. Since these same
rural areas are often preferred havens for Laibon, as the
locals are more superstitious than city folk and less risk of
discovery thus exists as a result, most Laibon will encoun-
terasorcerer sometime in their unlives. Those Laibon who
still uphold the traditional customs of their mortal tribe
might even try to return to consult the medicine man in
times of trouble or need — and some even find the advice
they seek. Many tribal shamans do not take kindly to the
interference of the undead in mortal affairs, though.

African sorcerers vary widely by tribe and specialty.
They range from devout theurges doing the work of their
god to tribal shamans protecting their village and ances-
tors; from witch doctors dispensing charms for a price to
doomed sorcerers gathering the blood of Laibon for their
experiments. Especially among small, isolated villages
and nomadic tribes, magic is often viewed as a normal
part of life and not "supernatural" or "other" in any way.
Mostsuch tribes have at least one shaman, priest or witch
doctor to take care of such matters for them. Most tribes
also believe in "witches," sorcerers who use their powers
solely to advance their own ends, rather than to protect
the tribe. In fact, one of the traditional duties of the tribal
shaman or witch doctor is to protect the tribe from these
witches. Since many tribes believe that witches are
psychic vampires, or that they are able to steal blood from
a victim without ever touching him or her (by casting an
evil spell), it's not surprising that many of these tradi-
tional sorcerers also have no love for the Laibon. Indeed,
some even consider Laibon to be the creatures respon-
sible for these legends of witches.

Laibon are most likely to run afoul of sorcerers when
visiting mortal villages or settlements, either to feed or (at
times) to consult the local shaman. Some consider all

amen |72 «

EN URL AE = Pigott aa

Laibon tobe evil; others judge on individual merit or legacy,
though it's worth noting that not all sorcerers even have a
way to check if someone is a vampire. While a shaman who
communes with his tribe's ancestors might learn to use his
powers of supernatural sight, a witch doctor specializing in
herbs and charms might be able to identify a Laibon only by
waving fire around and seeing who runs away. Sorcery is by
no means an all-encompassing art, and most practitioners
tend to specialize in whatever area they consider most
valuable or in which they have the greatest talent. As a
result, those who can identify Laibon might have few
abilities useful for fighting them. When several sorcerers
work together, though, the results can be truly devastating.

Some Laibon have reported that sorcerers have a
rough hierarchy of "lesser" and "greater" practitioners.
Although this is mostly speculation, some scholars of the
Shango and Akunanse legacies believe that the lesser
variety are of limited talent, only able to use the paths of
sorcery that some Laibon also use (see Chapter Four).
Greater sorcerers, in contrast, are able to create new
paths by study or, by some accounts at least, on the spot
if necessary. It seems, however, that these greater sorcer-
ers' spells become less predictable if worked in
non-traditional ways or in front of Westerners or modern
Africans — as opposed to traditional African villagers.
(If the Storyteller uses Mage, feel free to disregard the
paths here for "greater" sorcerers and replace them with
appropriate Spheres based on the character's paradigm.
Africa is a very Tradition-heavy place; the Technocracy
should generally be confined to large cities, since their
Devices usually fail in ple
traditional magic.)

Although they are most often found in villages or
smaller settlements, sorcerers sometimes make it their
business to seek out Laibon. Some of these sorcerers are
vampire-hunters, others wish to obtain Laibon vitae for
use in powerful magics, and still others are simply curious.
Sorcerers straying into a magaji's domain, however, are
never taken lightly. At times, they might even be invited
to sit with the Laibon and treated as honored guests (at
least until they misbehave in some way). What better way
to keep a potential enemy within easy reach and sight?
Some Laibon also seek out sorcerers as potential teachers
for their magical practices; usually the most eager teachers
are those who require Laibon vitae for some concoction or
other. Rumors occasionally circulate of different types of
sorcerers inhabiting large cities, following Western magi-
cal practices or creating technological devices to perform
magic for them, but most Laibon discount these stories as
the ravings of vampires driven mad by unlife in the city. Yet
Storytellers are encouraged to be creative (and to consult
Sorcerer or Mage if desired) when designing sorcerers to fit
a particular environment.

ces where locals believe in

The following are archetypes for the most common
varieties of sorcerer found in the Ebony Kingdom.


IAMAN

Shamans usually gain their power by entering trance
states, during which they communicate with tribal ances-
tors to gain wisdom and magical power. Often they learn
powers similar to those the spirits themselves posses:
including supernatural perception, enhanced senses, vz
ous mental abilities and how to summon and solicit aid
from nature spirits. Some, particularly those charged
with helping to protect a tribe, delve into areas such as
warding, herbalism or charm-making, but shamans gen-
erally avoid the study of curses or magics that cause
damage directly, since such things are offensive to the
spirits from whom they learn their magic.

Most shamans will not attack or even seek out Laibon
unless they or their village (or, when this is even possible,
their ancestors) are directly threatened by one. Of the
different types of sorcerers in the Ebony Kingdom, s|
mans are the most likely to aid or offer advice to a Laibon
who approaches them in a proper and respectful manner.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4/5, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 4/5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3/4

Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 4, Crafts 1, Dodge
2, Drive 1, Empathy 4, Etiquette 3, Intimidation 1, Inve
tigation 3, Leadership 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 1,
Meditation 5, Melee 2, Occult 5, Science 2, Subterfuge 2

Equivalent Disciplines and Thaumaturgy: Animalism
2, Auspex 5, Chimerstry 3/4, Necromancy: Ash Path 2/4,
Necromancy: Sepulchre Path 3/4, Obfuscate 2/4;
Thaumaturgy: Elemental Mastery 2/5, Thaumaturgy: The
Focused Mind 3/5, Thaumaturgy: The Green Path 2/5,
Thaumaturgy: Movement of the Mind 3/5, Thaumaturgy:
Neptune's Might 1/4, Thaumaturgy: Spirit Manipulation 2/5

Blood Pool: 10/15, Willpower: 6/8

Not to be confused with witches, witch doctors are
just as concerned with protecting their tribe or clan as
many shamans. Some, however, operate in isolation,
trading their abilities for goods and services from the
locals. Witch doctors usually learn their abilities from
another witch doctor, so the profession often follows
family lines. In some tribes, a child exhibiting strange
behavior or a particular type of birthmark might be
apprenticed to the local witch doctor, as witch doctors
are not usually expected to have children of their own.

Where shamans devote themselves to spirits, witch
doctors concentrate much more heavily on the physical
world. Most witch doctors have some knowledge of
herbalism, alchemy and various types of charms and curses.
Many learn some of the magics related to warding or
protection, and some concentrate on more martial sorcery
concerning the summoning of animals or the creation of
hostile conditions (control of the weather, flame or water,

for example). Because they lack the intuitive knowledge of
spirits possessed by shamans, witch doctors who try to call
upon spirits might end up with hostile ghosts or demons
instead, so most don't make the effort. The few who do
might be responsible for the "witch" in "witch doctor," as
they fall to the worship of darker powers after seeing the
potency of their servants.

Like shamans, most witch doctors try to steer clear of
Laibon, though they are more likely to seek them out at
certain times, since Laibon blood is known to bea powerful
ingredient for magic. Some are willing to bargain for a
quantity of vitae, while others try to take it by force.
Generally, witch doctors tend to have more self-confi-
dence than shamans, and many even attempt to create
servants of Laibon or bind them for later use. Much as they


= SS

hate to admit it, witch doctors know more than they might
like to admit of the darker side of magic, and this can lead
to their downfall through plans that are ostensibly "for the
good of the tribe" but are actually no more than risky
personal ventures. As a result, Laibon are more likely to
run into witch doctors than any other type of sorcerer.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 3, Crafts 3, Dodge
2, Drive 1, Empathy 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Intimida-
tion 4, Investigation 3, Leadership 2, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 3, Melee 3, Occult 5, Science 2, Subterfuge 3

Equivalent Disciplines and Thaumaturgy: Ani-
malism 2/4, Auspex 2, Celerity 2/4, Dementation 3/5,
Dominate 2/4, Fortitude 2/3, Necromancy: Sepulchre
Path 2/4, Obfuscate 3, Thaumaturgy: Hearth Path 2/4,
Thaumaturgy: Path of Mars 3/5

Blood Pool: 10/15, Willpower: 6/9
PRiesT

Priests come in many different varieties, depending
on which god or gods they serve. Many are similar in
certain respects to shamans, using trances to learn their
gods' will and learn magical abilities. Others serve as
els for their god to "ride," through which the god acts,
or they learn the will of the god by speaking to a head
priest. Many gods teach similar magics to those studied by
shamans. Those who follow trickster gods sometimes
specialize in illusion or conjuration, while those who
follow gods of death or disease can rival witches in their
cruelty. Those who follow gods of war can become truly
formidable, using magic to enhance their usually already
superior physical abilities.

ye

Laibon are most likely to encounter one of two types
of priests — devotees of a god of healing or war, seeking
either to cure them or destroy them, or followers of a god
of death or disease seeking new converts or servants. In
either case, Laibon usually treat priests with great cau-
tion, since occasionally they exhibit True Faith in addition
to their faith-based magic. Sometimes Laibon of the same
tribe as a particular priest might be able to speak to and
even gain the aid of that priest, but such alliances are
usually short-lived, often relating to the destruction of a
particularly cruel or destructive magaji or elder. Accord-
ingtosome tales, particularly powerful priests temporarily
(or even permanently) transform Laibon into mortals or
vice versa (though the latter is usually reserved for tales
of the followers of death and disease gods). In any case,
their religious zeal ensures that priests are always potent
foes should Laibon run afoul of them.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception
3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 4, Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Crafts 2,
Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Etiquette 3, Intimidation 4, Inves
tion 2, Leadership 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 5

Equivalent Disciplines and Thaumaturgy: Ani-
malism 3, Auspex 3, Dementation 1/3, Dominate 2/3,
Fortitude 2/3, Obfuscate 3/5, Potence 2/3; other Disci-
plines and Thaumaturgy based on priest's allegiance.

Blood Pool: 10/15, Willpower: 5/10

MepicinE MAN (INYANGA OR SANGOMA)

The medicine man is the jack-of-all-trades of tradi-
tional African sorcerers. Most medicine men do have a
rather extensive knowledge of herbs and plants, particu-
larly their medicinal qualities (though many also study
their properties for potion- and charm-making). The medi-
cine man is the traditional guardian of rural villages and
settlements. While the shaman might sometimes care
more for the spirits of his tribe's ancestors, and the witch
doctor for his own experiments and pursuits, the medicine
man is always concerned first and foremost with the well
being of the people in his care. True medicine menare rare,
and as a result, many make their homes between several
villages in order to serve more people.

Medicine men study magic in all its traditional forms.
Rather than specializing, they often try to learn as much as
possible about all magical pursuits. This results in most of
them becoming quite learned, though a shaman or witch
doctor can often best them ina particular area of specialty.
Old and wise medicine men usually exceed shamans and
witch doctors in power, however, and these medicine men
often have inexperienced shamans and witch doctors as
disciples or errand-boys. Medicine men are more likely
than shamans to seek out Laibon if they learn a vampire
may be in the area, though it's still more common that they


Lip ay Joa,
SA 24 Le fi

will stay in their area and erect wards and protective
charms rather than inviting trouble. (Interestingly enough,
laibon is a Masai word for a medicine man. This may be
because medicine men, with their wealth of knowledge
and experience, are considered to be prime Embrace
candidates by so many legacies.)

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception
4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Crafts 3,
Dodge 2, Drive 1, Empathy 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2,
Intimidation 3, Investigation 3, Leadership 3, Linguistics
3, Medicine 5, Melee 3, Occult 5, Science 3, Subterfuge 3

Equivalent Disciplines and Thaumaturgy: Ani-
malism 3, Auspex 4, Chimerstry 3/4, Dementation 3/4,
Dominate 2/3, Fortitude 2/4, Necromancy: Ash Path 2/
3, Necromancy: Bone Path 2, Necromancy: Sepulchre
Path 2/3, Obfuscate 2/4, Potence 2/3, Thaumaturgy:
Biothaumaturgy 2, Thaumaturgy: Focused Mind 2/4,
Thaumaturgy: Hands of Destruction 2/3, Thaumaturgy:
Elemental Mastery 2/3, Thaumaturgy: Green Path 2/4,
Thaumaturgy: Hearth Path 2/3, Thaumaturgy: Move-
ment of the Mind 2/3, Thaumaturgy: Neptune's Might 2,
Thaumaturgy: Path of Mars 2/4, Thaumaturgy: Spirit
Manipulation 2

Blood Pool: 10/15, Willpower: 5/8
Witcu

The most hated and feared of sorcerers, the witch (or
obayifo, acommon African term for witches) is the bane of
Laibon, legitimate sorcerers and other supernatural beings
alike. A witch is distinguished by using his or her power
solely or almost solely for personal gain, often to gain an

advantage over others or prolong his or her life. Often
sucked in by the lure of power promised by darker magics,
witches study poison-making, curses, evil charms and the
summoning of evil spirits. Although less common in the
Ebony Kingdom than itis in the Caribbean, the creation of
zombies can sometimes be a specialty of witches as well.
The most successful witches pose as some other type
of sorcerer, disguising their dark magic as standard
herbalism or summoning (and in fact learning something
of those specialties to aid themselves in the effort). Some
attempt to disguise themselves as priests of a death or
disease god, but their ambition betrays them. A true
priest, even one whose god is feared or reviled, allows the
will of the god to guide his actions, while witches almost
always act solely in their own interests. When revealed,
as most inevitably will be (often by the familiars they
keep, commonly owls or baboons), most other sorcerers
waste no time in hunting them and destroying them by
any means necessary. When witches encounter Laibon,

it is most often because they are fleeing other sorcerers
who wish them dead. In fact, many witches assume that
Laibon are fellow servants of "the dark powers" and will
aid them. Frequently they find that their existence is just

as offensive to many Laibon as it is to sorcerers.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2, Perception
4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 5, Alertness 3, Crafts 3, Dodge 2.
Drive 1, Empathy 4, Etiquette 3, Finance 2, Firearms 1,
Hypnosis 3, Intimidation 4, Investigation 3, Leadership 2,
Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 5, Science 3, Subterfuge 3

Equivalent Disciplines and Thaumaturgy: Ani-
malism 4, Auspex 2/3, Dementation 4/5, Dominate 4/5,


Fortitude 2/3, Necromancy: Ash Path 3/4, Necromancy:
Bone Path 3/5, Necromancy: Sepulchre Path 3/5, Obfus-
cate 3/4, Potence 2/4, Serpentis 2/4, Thaumaturgy:
Elemental Mastery 3/5, Thaumaturgy: Hands of Destruc-
tion 3/5, Thaumaturgy: Hearth Path 3/4, Thaumaturgy:
Mastery of the Mortal Shell 3/5, Thaumaturgy: Neptune's
Might 2/3, Thaumaturgy: Path of Corruption 3/4,
Thaumaturgy: Path of Mars 2/3, Thaumaturgy: Path of
Transmutation 2/4, Thaumaturgy: Spirit Manipulation
3/4, Thaumaturgy: Vine of Dionysus 3/5, Thaumaturgy:
Weather Control 3/5
Blood Pool: 10/15, Willpower: 5/8

SPIRITS

The Ebony Kingdom is rich in spirits of various types,
as Laibon who have developed skill in Auspex know all
too well. These spirits fall into three basic types: ghosts,
the spirits of mortals who have passed on; nature spirits,
which have existed from the beginning of time and
represent essential forces of nature; and trickster spirits,
seemingly carefree souls who are actually devout servants
of the gods of trickery and subterfuge. The three types
have significant differences (trickster spirits, forexample,
being the only type of spirit with a physical body), so the
three different types of spirits are explained separately.

GHOSTS

Africa isn't known as the Dark Continent because of
the skin tone of its inhabitants. The Ebony Kingdom is a
dark place, in large part because of the frequency of ghostly
activity within it. This activity has increased in recent
nights, suggesting tosome Laibon that trouble hasarisen in
the realm of the ancestors. To those who are willing to
listen, some ghosts now speak of terrible storms ravaging
their lands, and of increasingly powerful evil spirits seeking
to destroy them. Some Laibon with an ear to the Under-
world fear that these evil spirits might come after the
physical world next, and sightings of increasingly powerful
evil spirits would seem to confirm this suspicion.

Ghosts are often treated with more reverence and
respect in the Ebony Kingdom than fear or suspicion.
Usually this is because Laibon and mortals alike recog-
nize that the wise ancestors who protect so many tribes
were once, long ago, simple ghosts like any other. Still, if
angered, they are capable of the same feats of outrage as
ghosts outside Africa — traditional hauntings, complete
with possessions, spontaneously thrown objects, terrify-
ing illusions and the like. Indeed, they can often do so
more easily, since the veil separating the realms of the
living and the dead is weaker in areas of superstition and
mystery such as the Ebony Kingdom.

Ne OHO

Abilities and Weaknesses

© Ghosts "feed" on emotion. Doing so recharges their
passion pool, which is used to fuel their supernatural powers.
Laibon in frenzy or in the throes of feeding may actually find
themselves strengthening a ghostly opponent.

© Ghosts manifest most effectively in "haunted" sites
and places where great suffering or trauma has left a
psychic residue (such as graveyards, hospitals or sites of
great battles). In such places, the Shroud between the
worlds of the living and the dead is weak. Ghosts in the
Ebony Kingdom, however, are generally able to manifest
more easily than those in other parts of the world.

* Normally, ghosts and Laibon are unable to inter-
act. Laibon with Auspex, however, might be able to
perceive ghosts (see p. XX). Vampires can influence one
of the Restless by manipulating her fetters (objects or
persons important to the ghost in life), or they can affect
aghost directly with certain applications of Thaumaturgy,
Necromancy or other Disciplines. With effort, ghosts can
also reach across the Shroud to affect the physical world,
either to hurl objects, use other powers or possess mortals
toattack Laibon. Some wraiths can even fully manifest to
directly affect the physical world.

© Ghosts are far more powerful in the Underworld
than they are when they're able to pierce the Shroud.
(Stats to the right of the slash reflect the ghost's ability in
the Underworld.)

In the past, ghosts who returned to the flesh were
exceedingly rare, though recently they have become
much more common. Many of these newly risen ghosts
are little more than zombu, having imperfect control of
their bodies and great difficulty speaking. Some, how-
ever, are of the type observed in the past — intelligent,
creative and frighteningly resistant to damage. If spirits
are resorting to inhabiting physical bodies to escape the
Underworld, say some Laibon, the devastation there
must be truly unbearable.

The following are the main types of ghosts encoun-
tered in the Ebony Kingdom.

WRAITH

By and large, wraiths are the newcomers to the spirit
realms, those who often don't realize they're dead yet and
still have quite a bit of unfinished business in the physical
world. Some Laibon (often those with Auspex) find
themselves drawn to help these individuals carry out
their goals, while others try to convince them (either by
words or by force) that they no longer belong among the
living. Because they depend so heavily on emotion,
wraiths whose goals or beliefs are challenged can become
quite enraged, making them more formidable than one
might expect.


SY ji
|

na

Attributes: Strength 0/2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Crafts
2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Investigation 1, Law 2, Melee 1,
Occult 2, Politics 1, Stealth 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 1, Chimerstry 1,
Dementation 2, Dominate 1, Obfuscate 2, Vicissitude 1

Willpower: 5, Pa

ion Pool: 5

ANCESTOR

A wraith who is wise or lucky enough to survive
several decades or more becomes known among the
living and the dead as an ancestor. Because of their more
extensive experience, ancestors are often very powerful,
though they have also learned to use their power only

when absolutely necessary. Ancestors sometimes advise
sorcerers or take younger wraiths under their wing, so
the Laibon are most likely to come into conflict with
them in conjunction with sorcerers or other wraiths.
Most other times, ancestors keep to themselves, gather-
ing wisdom and helping other wraiths to survive.
Particularly religious or worthy Laibon might be able to
secure an ancestor's favor and tutelage through suppli-
cation or discussion.

Attributes: Strength 0/4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception
5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge
3, Empathy 4, Intimidation 4, Investigation 2, Law 3,
Linguistics 2, Melee 3, Occult 5, Politics 2, Stealth 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Abombwe 2, Auspex 2,
Chimerstry 3, Dementation 4, Dominate 5, Obfuscate 2,
Obtenebration 3, Presence 2, Vicissitude 4

Willpower: 9, Passion Pool: 10
SPECTRE

No one is sure how, but some ghosts eventually
come to feed on dark and destructive emotions such as

anger, greed and pain. These ghosts are known as
spectres, and they lack even the basic reverence for life
that most ghosts learn through death. Spectres will go
to any lengths to create the emotions on which they
must feed. Those with some knowledge of vampires
may try to provoke them into frenzy to gain the power
to destroy them.

Attributes: Strength 0/3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception
2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3


oe Gio
ss" +
FT IOS.

nee :
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 4, Melee 3, Occult 3, Stealth 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2, Chimerstry 4,
Dementation 4, Dominate 5, Presence 2, Thaumaturgy:
The Lure of Flames 3, Thaumaturgy: Movement of the
Mind 3, Vicissitude 3

Willpower: 7, Passion Pool: 9

ZomBu

A zombu is the unfortunate result when a ghost tries
to possess a mortal or manifest (no one is quite sure
which), and doesn't quite succeed. The unfortunate
ghost is bound into the body and the physical world, but
it has only rudimentary control over it. Nonetheless,
spirits trapped in such a way are usually unable to
escape, which could be why zombu so often exhibit rage
and violent tendencies. A particularly creative ghost
might be able to enlist a Laibon's aid in escaping his
prison of flesh, but most times Laibon meet zombu, it's
in physical combat.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 1, Intimida-
tion 4, Melee 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2, Fortitude 4,
Potence 4

Willpower: 7, Passion Pool: 9, Blood Pool: 10

Note: Because of their corpse-bodies, zombu take
wound penalties only from aggravated damage. Zombu
a blood pool, but in most cases, their blood is full
of formaldehyde and other chemicals that are either
distasteful or poisonous to Laibon.

possess

Not to be confused with Sabbat revenants, thi:
revenant in the truest sense of the word — someone who
returns from death. Revenants are still very rare compared
with zombu, but more seem to be roaming the Ebony
Kingdom than in the past. Most Laibon who encounter
one never even realize it— revenants'' resistance to injury,
pale condition, and at times terrifying temper makes them
seem in most cases to be Laibon. If their "disguise" as
revenants can be
even more implacable foes than many Laibon.

Laibon is somehow revealed, howev

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 4, Melee 3, Occult 3, Stealth 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Domi-
nate 5, Fortitude 5, Potence 4, Presence 2

Willpower: 9, Passion Pool: 10

Note: Like zombu, revenants take wound penalties
only from aggravated damage. Revenants also possess a
blood pool, but in most cases, their blood is inert and
stagnant, tasting horrible but still providing sustenance
to a desperate Laibon.

NATuRE SPIRITS

The most enigmatic of spirits, little is known of the
goals or purpose of nature spirits, or even whether they
have any. Although many Laibon believe in these spirits
because of their traditional African upbringing, it's safe
to say that very few have ever seen one. Sometimes it's
possible to catch a glimpse of a nature spirit by using
Auspex, but this is far less predictable even than trying to
see ghosts. Laibon do encounter nature spirits most often

178


when trying to view ghosts — as most nature spirits
appear in exotic, colorful and entirely non-humanoid
forms, they are easy to distinguish from the dead. Since
some nature spirits seem to have an affinity for Lupines
and other beast-men (see p. XX), Laibon also encounter
them when incontact (orconflict) with the shapeshifters.

Because they embody principles of the natural world,
nature spirits often possess an alien mindset that makes
communication with them difficult. Even mental com-
munication through Auspex fails to bridge the gap between
a Laibon and, for example, a tree spirit (which might
understand certain ideas, but might also think of rain as
"life-water" and of humansas "killers of trees"). Storytell-
ers are encouraged to roleplay out any such interactions
to emphasize the difficulty of communicating with na-
ture spirits.

The following are several examples of nature spirits;
Storytellers are encouraged to be creative when coming
up with others. Mage or Werewolf might also be helpful.

(Note: Being incorporeal, nature spirits have no
blood points and are normally invisible. They use Will-
power to power their abilities, and they regain it more
easily than mortals or Laibon, at the rate of one point
every five minutes.)

Fire Spirit

Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Investi-

gation 3, Occult 4, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 3, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2,
Thatnistureys Lamece Flames' 5

Willpower: 10

aoe 179 esos

AIR SPIRIT

Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Investi-
gation 3, Occult 4, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 3, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4,
Thaumaturgy: Movement of the Mind 5, Thaumaturgy:
Weather Control 5

Willpower: 10

WATER SPIRIT

Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Investi-
gation 3, Occult 4, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 3, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2,
Thaumaturgy: Neptune's Might 5, Thaumaturgy: Weather
Control 5

Willpower: 10

Forest Spirit

Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Investigation 3, Occult 4, Stealth 3, Subter-
fuge 3, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 4,
Celerity 3, Thaumaturgy: Elemental Mastery 5,
Thaumaturgy: The Green Path 5

Willpower: 10


Rae rinene

Eriad (Chaos Spirit)

Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance:
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Investi-
gation 3, Occult 4, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 3, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2,
Chimerstry 3, Dementation 5, Obtenebration 3,
Thaumaturgy: Hands of Destruction 4, Thaumaturgy:
Path of Corruption 4, Thaumaturgy: Vine of Dionysus 5

Willpower: 10

TRICKSTER SPIRITS

The word "spirit" is something of a misnomer where
trickster spirits are concerned, since they do actually have
al bodies. As far as most Laibon know, trickster
serve the various trickster gods of Africa (Eshu,
Legba, Eleggua, Anansi the Spider, etc.), infusing them-
selves into the body of a mortal to create a mortal agent of
these gods. Since many African religions include notions
of fate, the purpose of trickster spirits is to act counter to
fate, thus creating free will. Not all trickster spirits actually
perform tricks, though. Many perform their tasks in other
ways, such as playing music or creating tribal art.
Trickster spirits seem to spend most of their time
roaming the Ebony Kingdom, spreading their often-
chaotic influence among mortals and supernatural
creatures alike. Many do try to avoid the Laibon, as their
presence seems to inhibit tricksters' abilities. These
abilities include divination, illusion-casting, control of
nature and minor shapeshifting. They seem to be di-
vided into different tribes or castes of ability, including
storytellers, musicians and shapeshifters.

Stamina 3,
, Perception

Tricksters draw the energy to fuel their powers (known
as Glamour) from the creative efforts of mortals. Creative
efforts directed at traditional art forms of a tribe (pottery,
woodcarvings, metal working) are especially potent, and
places where such items have long been created might
contain stores of untapped Glamour. Laibon might also
be used to create Glamour, though the undead are often
too static to produce anything truly creative.

Tricksters may be treated as mortals for the purposes
of healing damage, though some do know magics that
allow them to heal more quickly. Much of the time, they
appear indistinguishable from mortals, though viewing
them with Auspex will reveal a swirling, chaotic spirit
form trailing behind their physical body.

The following are several examples of African trick-
ster spirits (fae).

POOKA SHAPESHIFTER

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 3, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Investigation 3, Occult 2, Performance 3,
Security 2, Stealth 5, Subterfuge 4, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2,
Celerity 2, Chimerstry 3, Obfuscate 4, Protean 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 6, Glamour: 6

Note: Pooka are distinct from the beast-men in
several ways, including their fondness for trickery and
deception, as well as their inability to change into animal
form in plain sight. Pooka have only two forms — human
and animal — without any in-between stages, though
some animal features might be visible to those using
Auspex to view the fae form of a pooka in human guise.

Esuu STORYTELLER

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2,
Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

AN)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Investigation 2, Occult 3, Performance
(Storytelling) 3, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 3, Survival 2

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2,
Chimerstry 3, Obfuscate 2, Presence 4, Thaumaturgy:
Weather Control 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 7, Glamour: 8

Satyr MusiciAn

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 3, Brawl 3, Dodge
2, Investigation 3, Leadership 3, Occult 2, Performance
(Music) 3, Security 1, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 4, Survival 2

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 2,
Celerity 3, Chimerstry 3, Melpominee 3, Presence 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 5, Glamour: 8


Deco PCE teu?
BeAst-MEN
Kindred fear Lupines, but the Ebony Kingdom's
shapeshifters are more diverse. Laibon have more than just
Lupines to worry about — more than the wolf-men lurk in
the forests and deserts of Africa. Akunanse and Kinyonyi
explorers have returned from remote areas with tales of
deadly jackal-men, cunning cat-men and even lizard-men
of enormous size. Perhaps the great diversity of animals in

Africa has led to diversity in animal-men as well, or
perhaps the beast-men have adapted to better hunt Laibon.

No one is entirely sure why the beast-men de
Laibon so much. Some have speculated that because
nature spirits are sometimes seen to accompany beast-
men, perhaps the beast-men attack Laibon because they
consider them unnatural, a blight upon the beast-men's
spirit allies. When trying to question the spirits about
such things, however, Laibon never seem to make any
progress. Still, because their own forms often come to
resemble those of beast-men closely (thus allowing them,
at times, to blend in), Akunanse are occasionally consid-
ered the authority on them when information is needed.

ABILITIES AND WEAKNESSES

© Were-beasts can take several forms: human, beast
and some forms that combine both. The most feared of
forms is the hybrid form, traditionally the "wolfman"
form, although with other types of beast-men it varies (a
lizard-man in this form becomes a massive, scaled mon-
strosity, for example). This form is generally huge and
extremely potent. All Physical Attributes are doubled,
but Social Attributes may be used only to intimidate or
frighten (except with other beast-men or animals).

© Some beast-men possess increased speed, taking up
to six actions in a single turn (as Celerity, but without
blood point restrictions). This ability seems to be re-
stricted to wolf- and jackal-men, who also seem to have
a much more explosive temperament than other beast-
men. Cat-men, in particular, have sometimes been known
to remain silent for an entire battle, disappearing after-

ward into the surroundings without a sound.

© Were-beasts heal very rapidly, regeneratingahealth
level each turn. Only fire, silver or the teeth and claws of
other supernatural creatures (such as a Laibon's fangs)
can cause lasting injuries, although beast-men can still
heal these injuries as normal mortals. All beast-men soak
bashing and lethal damage with their Stamina; wolf-
men, jackal-men and lizard-men soak aggravated damage
the same way. As living beings, however, beast-men do
not halve bashing damage.

© Beast-men power their supernatural abilities with
, a measure of their spiritual energy. Gnosi:

Gno:

is

regained through meditation or by bargaining with spir-
its. It is believed that some of the abilities of beast-men
may be learned from spirits as well.

coe |81 «

© Were-beasts are able to enter the spirit world (the
realm of the nature spirits), there traveling quickly and
invisibly to attack their enemies. Thus far, attempts to
observe them in this state with Auspex have failed.

© Silver is damaging toat least some beast-men, includ-
ing wolf-men and jackal-men. These beast-men cannot
soak damage from silver weapons and cannot regenerate
such wounds as quickly as normal. As for the weaknesses of
other were-beasts, Laibon can only speculate.

© The were-beasts are allergic, sometimes violently
so, to vampiric vitae. Although some species might be
able to be blood bound (possibly wolves or jackals, by
some accounts), others exhibit a number of symptoms
upon ingesting the blood. These symptoms include vom-
iting, terrible boils, acidic eruptions from the skin —
even, in extreme cases, spontaneous combustion. This is
hardly a foolproof way of disposing of beast-men, how-
ever... at least, not for Laibon who aren't suicidal.

¢ Beast-men can call upon mystical abilities, some
similar to sorcery, others resembling certain Disciplines
or other supernal powers. These powers depend on the
beast-man's species and area of expertise, and they can be
represented by Disciplines.

Several examples of the most common types of beast-
menare listed here. Other, rarer types of beast-men are said
to exist, including spider-men who some say have many
similarities to the Akunanse, but if they do exist, no Laibon
has ever confirmed it. Ghost allies of certain Laibon also
speak of raven-men who are able to travel freely between
the living world and the Underworld, but these may also
just be tales, created by minds warped by death.

YounG Lupine

Attributes (human): Strength 3, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 3, Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2,
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abi Alertness 3, Animal Ken 2, Athletics 2,
Brawl 3, Crafts 2, Dodge 2, Firearms 1, Intimidation
Investigation 2, Leadership 1, Linguistics 2, Melee 2,
Occult 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 3,
Fortitude 2, Potence 1, Protean 4

w

Humanity: 7, Willpower: 5, Gnosis: 4

EXPERIENCED WEREWOLF

Attributes (human): Strength 4, Dexterity
Stamina 4, Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance
Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abil Alertness 3, Animal Ken 3, Athletics 2,
Brawl 4, Crafts 2, Dodge 3, Firearms 2, Intimidation 3,
Investigation 2, Leadership 2, Linguistics 2, Melee 3,
Occult 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 2,
Celerity 4, Fortitude 3, Potence 2, Protean 4

Humanity: 6, Willpower: 7, Gno:

Www


JACKAL WARRIOR

Attributes (human): Strength 3, Dexterity 5,
Stamina 4, Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3,
Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 3, Athletics 2,
Brawl 4, Crafts 2, Dodge 3, Firearms 2, Intimidation 3,
Investigation 4, Leadership 2, Linguistics 3, Melee 4,
Occult 4, Stealth 4, Survival 4

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2,
Celerity 4, Fortitude 2, Potence 1, Protean 4, Thaumaturgy:
The Focused Mind 5, Thaumaturgy: Path of Mars 5
Humanity: 6, Willpower: 8, Gnosis: 7

MAn-Lion Scour

Attributes (human): Strength 5, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 3, Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2,
Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 3, Athletics 4,
Brawl 3, Crafts 2, Dodge 3, Firearms 2, Intimidation 4,
Investigation 4, Leadership 1, Linguistics 2, Melee 3,
Occult 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Forti-
tude 2, Potence 1, Protean 4, Visceratika 3

Humanity: 7, Willpower: 7, Gnosis: 5

ANCIENT LIZARD-MAN

Attributes (human): Strength 5, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 5, Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3,
Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 3, Athletics 4,
Brawl 4, Crafts 3, Dodge 4, Firearms 1, Intimidation 5,
Investigation 4, Leadership 4, Linguistics 5, Melee 4,
Occult 6, Stealth 4, Survival 4

Equivalent Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4,
Celerity 4, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 4, Potence 1, Protean

Rue

ae =" x

5, Thaumaturgy: Elemental Mastery 3, Thaumaturgy:
The Green Path 4
Humanity: 5, Willpower: 10, Gnosis: 10

HUNTERS

Throughout history, some mortals have been unable
or unwilling to accept the presence of the Laibon in the
Ebony Kingdom. But recent nights have seen the appear-
ance of anew breed of hunter. Seemingly normal people
have begun to awaken to the truth of the world around
them, gaining the ability to see vampires and other
supernatural beings for what they are. Strangely, these
new hunters often hail from backgrounds entirely unre-
lated to or ignorant of the supernatural. With the
exception of the powers they are able to develop, these
hunters are exceedingly normal — at least, to start with.

This progression leads to interesting conclusions on
their part following their awakening to the supernatural.
Many consider their new state carte blanche to destroy any
and all supernatural beings, regardless of type, affiliation
or intent. Those with a religious streak believe them-
selves chosen by God (or the gods), executing this
"mission" with particular zeal. Many grow to lose their
old identities or professions, becoming absorbed in their
new calling, and a troubled few allow that calling's
demands to drive them quite mad.

Worst of all, however insane their new occupation
may drive them, these hunters are nearly incorruptible.
In past times, when some hunters drew their power from
faith, defeat could sometimes cause them to doubt the
power in which they believed. But these new hunters
seem to draw their power from some other source, and
along with it comes a resistance — a near immunity, in
fact — to powers of supernatural deception. Even worse,
Laibon who have managed to capture a hunter have
reported that any attempts to blood bond or Embrace a
hunter fails outright. Vitae has no effect, and attempts to
Embrace hunters simply kill the victim. No one is sure of
the reasons, but these immunities make hunters far more
dangerous than they might appear on the surface.

ABILITIES AND WEAKNESSES

© Hunters draw their powers from Conviction, the
measure of their devotion to their appointed task. Con-
viction may be regained through study, meditation or
destruction of unnatural beings such as vampires.

¢ Hunters are completely immune to all supernatu-
ral powers of deception or mind-control. These powers
include Disciplines such as Obfuscate, Chimerstry, Domi-
nate, the Obtenebration power Shroud of Night. They
include the blood bond as well. Powers that affect emo-
tion (such as Presence) rather than thought, however,
are still effective on hunters. Indeed, Presence is often a
cornered Laibon's only card to play against an enraged
hunter, unless she wants to get physical.


e Hunters are immune to the effects of vitae. In
addition to the blood bond, hunters may not be Embraced
or made into ghouls. Any attempt to Embrace a hunter
that would normally be successful automatically fails.

¢ When viewed with supernatural powers of percep-
tion, hunters give off an air of extreme power, while
simultaneously appearing mortal. To those who view
auras, the aura of a hunter appears pure gold — which, to
those not expecting it, is more than a little unnerving.
© Hunters are divided into several different castes:

protectors, destroyers, healers and so on. Any given
hunter may pursue only one of these paths, and one
associated power (simulated with Disciplines), and switch-
ing from one path to another is exceedingly difficult.
Small consolation though it may be, one hunter is seldom
enough to destroy a Laibon, since each can learn only one
of the hunter powers. Unfortunately, however, this often
means that hunters travel in packs.

The following are some basic archetypes for the most
common types of hunters.

Devout CRUSADER

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Drive
1, Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Melee 2, Occult 2,
Security 2, Stealth 5, Subterfuge 4, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 3, Obeah 5

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 7, Conviction: 8

VENGEFUL WAR HERO

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

moma 183

Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge
2, Drive 3, Firearms 3, Investigation 2, Melee 2, Security
2, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 2, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2, Fortitude 2, Valeren 5

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 5, Conviction: 6
PATIENT SCHOOL TEACHER

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 2, Crafts 2, Dodge
2, Drive 2, Empathy 2, Investigation 4, Melee 1, Occult
1, Stealth 2, Subterfuge 2

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 4, Presence 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 6, Conviction: 7

Honest Laborer

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Investigation
3, Melee 2, Security 2, Stealth 5, Subterfuge 4, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2, Thaumaturgy:
Path of the Blood's Curse 4, Thaumaturgy: Path of the
Father's Vengeance 5

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 7, Conviction: 7

MumMIEs

In nights past, a myth of the Followers of Set became
known among other Laibon. The myth told of beings
who were truly immortal, blessed by the gods of Egypt,
returning from every death more powerful than before.
The Setites referred to these beings as mummies, fearing
them for their ties to Horus and Osiris, the mythic
nemeses of their dark lord Set. Other Laibon expressed
anything from amusement to fascination with the tales,
some jokingly inviting the mummies to rid them of the
Followers, while others pondered whether they might
transcend their own curse and become one of the Reborn.

In past times, even meeting a mummy was a rare
event, as a mere handful existed worldwide. In recent
nights, however, mummies have begun appearing more
and more frequently in the Ebony Kingdom (and presum-
ably, outside it as well). Although they are still an
uncommon sight, the Reborn do occasionally make visits
to the lands south of Egypt, but according to the Follow-
ers of Set, most still cluster in their ancestral homeland.

Unlike the beast-men or many sorcerers, mummies
who visit the Ebony Kingdom are very forthright about
their beliefs and purposes. Mummies believe they have
been chosen to serve Ma'at, the natural order or way of
the world in Egyptian cosmology, and also the goddess
who presides over that order. Part of preserving Ma'at is
leading a good and virtuous life. Another is hunting
down and destroying the servants of Apophis, the great


sa ae ee "

evil serpent of Egyptian lore. Since Set was a follower of
Apophis, the reason for mummies' hatred of Set's chil-
dren is clear. Some also believe that other vampires serve
Apophis (knowingly or not) by their existence. Many are
willing, however, to discuss their beliefs with Laibon in
the hope that they might join the cause of Ma'at. Some
even tell tales of loyal vampire servants of the god Osiris
who were rewarded with their lost mortality. For some
Laibon, particularly those who already hate the Setites,
the offer is something to strongly consider.

ABILITIES AND WEAKNESSES

© Mummies power their supernatural abilities with
Sekhem, a type of magical energy which they believe isan
integral part of the soul. Sekhem may be regained by
prayer, meditation or simple rest.

© Mummies are identical to mortals in many ways.
They are alive and able to soak bashing and lethal
damage just as mortals do. They heal damage quickly,
however. Treat damage as one level lower when calculat-
ing healing time. Mummies are not normally able to soak
aggravated damage, but some know magics that allow
them to do so temporarily.

¢ Because of the nature of the resurrection spell
that is used to suspend them in time, mummies experi-
ence life even more fully than mortals do. This does
make them susceptible to addiction, though they are
immune to disease.

© Mummiescan be killed, after which they entera ghost-
like state for a period while regaining their strength. A
phantom form manifests to protect their physical body during
this time, to ward off potential threats (treat it as having
Physical Attributes equal to [Willpower divided by 2]).

© Mummies possess knowledge of ancient Egyptian
magical rites (which they call Hekau), which may be
simulated by certain Disciplines. These powers are fueled by
Sekhem rather than blood. Many Hekau powers concern
names, and a skilled mummy who knows a person's True
Name can work nearly limitless effects upon that person.

© For those who are able to see auras, mummies
appear nearly indistinguishable from mortals. Other forms
of supernatural detection still reveal them as beings of
power, however.

Mummies venture into the Ebony Kingdom rela-
tively rarely, most often on hunts for Setites of particular
notoriety (or infamy). Many Reborn are extremely pow-
erful, but they prefer to save their powers for emergencies.
According to some, using great power frivolously creates
an imbalance in Ma'at. The following are examples of
mummies of varying age and ability.

New_y REBORN

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Com-
puter 1, Crafts 2,Dodge 2, Drive 1, Empathy 2,
Investigation 3, Melee 1, Meditation 1, Occult 2, Stealth
2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 2,
Fortitude 1, Necromancy: Ash Path 2, Necromancy:
Sepulchre Path 1, Obfuscate 1, Thaumaturgy: Alchemy
3, Thaumaturgy: Countermagic 3, Thaumaturgy: El-
emental Mastery 2, Thaumaturgy: Green Path 2,
Thaumaturgy: Hearth Path 3, Thaumaturgy: Lure of
Flames 2, Thaumaturgy: Neptune's Might 2,
Thaumaturgy: Oneiromancy 2, Thaumaturgy: Path of
Curses 2, Thaumaturgy: Spirit Manipulation 2,
Thaumaturgy: Weather Control 2
Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 5, Sekhem: 5

ExperigeNceD MUMMY

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception
4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Crafts
3, Dodge 2, Drive 1, Empathy 3, Investigation 4, Medita-
tion 3, Melee 3, Occult 4, Stealth 3, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 4, Survival 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 2, Necromancy: Ash Path 4, Necromancy:
Sepulchre Path 3, Obfuscate 3, Thaumaturgy: Alchemy
3, Thaumaturgy: Countermagic 4, Thaumaturgy: El-
emental Mastery 3, Thaumaturgy: Green Path 4,
Thaumaturgy: Hearth Path 4, Thaumaturgy: Lure of
Flames 4, Thaumaturgy: Neptune's Might 4,
Thaumaturgy: Oneiromancy 3, Thaumaturgy: Path of
Curses 4, Thaumaturgy: Spirit Manipulation 3,
Thaumaturgy: Weather Control 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 7, Sekhem: 8

ANCIENT MAGICIAN

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception
5, Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 5, Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Crafts
5, Dodge 4, Drive 1, Empathy 4, Investigation 4, Medita-
tion 5, Melee 4, Occult 6, Stealth 4, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 4, Survival 5

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 4,
Fortitude 4, Necromancy: Ash Path 5, Necromancy:
Sepulchre Path 5, Obfuscate 4, Thaumaturgy: Alchemy
5, Thaumaturgy: Countermagic 5, Thaumaturgy: El-
emental Mastery 5, Thaumaturgy: Green Path 5,
Thaumaturgy: Hearth Path 5, Thaumaturgy: Lure of
Flames 5, Thaumaturgy: Neptune's Might 5,
Thaumaturgy: Oneiromancy 5, Thaumaturgy: Path of
Curses 5, Thaumaturgy: Spirit Manipulation 5,

Thaumaturgy: Weather Control 5
Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 9, Sekhem: 10


BESTIARY

It goes without saying that Africa is home to far
more than just vampires and supernatural creatures.
The Ebony Kingdom includes vast forests, expansive
plains, scorching desert and great oceans as well. In each
of these environments lives a wide variety of wildlife
suited to the ecosystem in which it developed. These
animals often serve as companions, messengers or sol-
diers for Laibon with the Animalism Discipline, or
occasionally as enemies for those who act unwisely in
their territory. Some Laibon choose particularly strong
(or intelligent) animals for use as ghouls, as well. Most
animals in the wild (that is, not domesticated or made
ghouls) will not attack mortals or Laibon unless they are
extremely hungry (in the case of carnivores) or they or
their young are directly threatened.

Most animals are best described with only Physical
traits. Few have Intelligence scores higher than 2, or
Perception scores lower than 3. Those animals for which
an Intelligence or Wits score is listed are the most
trainable and cunning of animals. Intelligence in an
animal should not be compared with that in mortals or
humans an Osebo with Intelligence 2 is still far
smarter than an orangutan with Intelligence 4. Rather, it
should be used to indicate how easily the animal can be
taught simple tasks or (in the case of wits) improvise the
use of tools or quickly figure out an escape route.

The teeth and claws of all but the smallest animals
inflict lethal damage; other attacks (such as kicks from
animals without claws) inflict bashing damage. Traits
or Abilities in parentheses are gained through mortal
(or Laibon) contact and training and not present in wild
animals. Animals with an Incapacitated health level
can generally survive longer when injured; those with-
out one simply die. Any of the animals detailed here can
be made into ghouls (for more information, see below).
Note that animal blood is much less satisfying than that
of humans. For this reason, some animals that have
more physical blood than humans still have lower blood
pool ratings.

ANIMAL GHOULS

It's not surprising that in a land as rich with
various types of animal life, that very same animal life
might itself be a valuable resource. It's how poachers
make their living, after all. Still, among the Laibon,
animals represent an entirely different type of re-
source. Beyond possible vessels for feeding when
necessary, animals are an integral part of many Laibon's
retainers. Creating animal ghouls is easier than doing
so with mortals, and such ghouls are on the whole more
obedient and easier to control than humans, as well.
Certain animals may even be taught to perform simple

their favor, a significant number of Laibon prefer
animals to mortals as ghoul servants.

Naturally, animals are generally less intelligent than
people, and one result is that as ghouls, they may learn
only the physical Disciplines. As always, any ghoul ac-
quires Potence, gaining one dot upon consuming the first
portion of a Laibon's blood; some, particularly those
already large or well protected enough (elephants, croco-
diles), quickly learn Fortitude as well. Celerity is the
rarest of Disciplines among animals, as it requires a level
of intelligence to consciously direct vitae within the body
(as neither Potence nor Fortitude requires blood-point
expenditure). A fair guideline is that only animals with
an Intelligence score listed (apes, parrots, dolphins) are
able to grasp the idea. So yes, zippy elephants with
Celerity are right out. As for non-physical Disciplines,
animals have neither the self-control to learn them nor
the intelligence to use them. (Storytellers, if you want
your players' Laibon running around with Thaumaturgy-
wielding spider monkeys or shadow-sculpting ostriches,
be our guest, but that seems more comical than horrific.)

For all their limitations in learning Disciplines, how-
ever, animal ghouls do have some distinct advantages
over their human counterparts. Many are tougher, with
either greater resistance to damage or to pain, and most
also have outstanding perceptual ability. A human ghoul
might need to learn Auspex to spot an enemy approach-
ing at 50 yards or hear a rival ghoul approach by the
rustling of distant grass. Many animals can do this nor-
mally, without the use of any supernatural power. In
addition, the increased loyalty bestowed by the blood
bond virtually guarantees that animal ghouls will never
betray their master unless they are horribly mistreated —
another advantage of animal ghouls over the more du-
plicitous and untrustworthy human variety.

The most problematic disadvantage of animal ghouls
is that they frenzy more easily than humans, since they
have less consciousness with which to steel themselves
against the Beast. Animals already possess violent in-
stincts before ingesting vampiric vitae, so the vitae
strengthens the Beast already within them. Frenzy is still
usually a concern only when the animal's life is in danger
(or the animal perceives it is), but particularly loyal
animal ghouls might frenzy even if their vampiric master
is threatened. Animal ghouls still frenzy rarely compared
with Laibon, but human ghouls rarely frenzy at all.

When creating a ghoul using the animal traits given
here, add one dot of Potence (and/ or Fortitude, with
Storyteller permission — and remember that Celerity
mustalways be taught, however) and increase the animal's
blood pool to 10 for as long as it remains a ghoul. Just like
humans, animal ghouls must be fed vitae at least once a
month, losing one dot of Disciplines for each month they


are without the blood. Their maximum Disci-
pline level depends upon their domitor's
generation. Animals, like humans, also be-
come blood bound to their domitors after
three drinks of vitae.

At the Storyteller's discretion, for
particularly large animals such as el-
ephants and whales, more than one
blood point per month might be
required to maintain the animal as
a ghoul. Two blood points might
be necessary for an elephant or a
smaller whale, while a blue whale
mightneed four oreven five blood

points each month.

LAND MAMMALS

A\NTELOPE

Strength 3/4, Dexterity 3, Stamina4

Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK,
OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Trample or kick for four/ six dice;
bite for three

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1
(Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Stealth 2)

Blood Pool: 2/3

Note: Antelope come in various sizes and spe-
cies, ranging from slightly larger than a rabbit to
slightly smaller than a horse. Traits before the slash are
for smaller antelope such as the dikdik or duiker; those
after the slash are for larger breeds like the sable or the
impala. Smaller antelope should also be treated as having
one fewer "-2" health level.

BABOON
Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -
2, -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for four dice; beat with fists for three
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Climbing 3,
Dodge 2, Melee 1, Stealth 1 (Brawl 3, Empathy 2, Stealth 3)
Blood Pool: 4
Note: Bec

baboons can be trained to use simple weapons.

ise they have some aptitude with Melee,

CAMEL

Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1,
-2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Trample or kick for six dice; bite for five dice

Abilities: Alertmess 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Survival
3 (Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 2)

Blood Pool: 5

Note: The camel's aptitude for Survival refers to
its ability to survive for several weeks in the desert
without water.

CHEETAH

Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -
2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for four dice; bite for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Hunting
3, Stealth 1 (Intimidation 3, Stealth 2)

Blood Pool: 5

Note: Cheetahs are considered the fastest land ani-
mal. They can be treated as having Celerity 2, but they
can sustain this level of speed for only several minutes (if
running) or three rounds in combat.


OLE:

yas
eT oe

CHIMPANZEE

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -
2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for four dice; beat with fists for three
dice; use weapon (variable damage)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Climb-
ing 3, Dodge 2, Melee 1, Stealth 1 (Brawl 3, Empathy 2,
Linguistics 1, Melee 2, Stealth 3)

Blood Pool: 4

Note: Linguistics 1 refers to the fact that chimps may
be taught the basics (up toa 200-word vocabulary) of sign
language. Although few Laibon have the inclination or
the expertise to do so, chimps' intelligence still makes
them prime ghoul candidates. Their aptitude for Melee
means they can also be trained to use simple weapons.

ELEPHANT

Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1,
-1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Charge with tusks for nine dice; trample or

kick for eight dice; slap with trunk for three dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2 (Brawl 3,

Empathy 2, Dodge 1)

Blood Pool: 6

GAZELLE

Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -
2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Trample orkick for four dice; bite for three dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 2 (Empa-
thy 3, Athletics 3)

Blood Pool: 4

GIRAFFE

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1,-
2, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Trample or kick for five dice; bite for four dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1
(Empathy 2, Athletics 3, Dodge 2)

Blood Pool: 5

Note: "Called shots" to a giraffe's neck require nei-
ther a special roll nor an increased difficulty to hit.

GORILLA

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Intelligence 3, Wits 1

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -
2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for five dice; beat with fists for four; pick
up and throw victim for seven dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Climb-
ing 2, Dodge 1, Intimidation 2, Melee 1 (Empathy 2,
Linguistics 1, Stealth 2)

Blood Pool: 4

Note: Because they have some aptitude with Melee,
gorillas can be trained to use simple weapons. Linguistics
refers to their ability to learn sign language.

Hippopotamus
Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -
1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Trample or kick for six dice; bite for five dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Stealth
2, Swimming 2 (Athletics 3, Dodge 1, Stealth 3)
Blood Pool: 5
Note: Hippopotami have one additional soak die
because of their exceptionally thick skin.


HYENA

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -
3, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for four dice; bite for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Hunting
2, Intimidation 3, Stealth 2, Swimming | (Alertness 3,
Athletics 3, Empathy 2, Stealth 3, Swimming 2)

Blood Pool: 4

JACKAL

Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -
3, Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for three dice; bite for four dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Hunting
2, Intimidation 1, Stealth 1, Swimming 1 (Alertness 4,
Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Stealth 2, Swimming 2)

Blood Pool: 3

* Lemur

Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Intelligence 2, Wits 1

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -5

Attack: Bite for three dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Climbing 4,
Dodge 3, Melee 1, Stealth 2 (Brawl 2, Empathy 2, Stealth 3)

Blood Pool: 2

Note: Because they have some aptitude with Melee,
lemurs can be trained to use simple weapons.
LION

Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -
2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for four dice; bite for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Hunting
3, Intimidation 2, Dodge 2, Stealth 1 (Athletics 4, Brawl
4, Empathy 2, Stealth 3)
Blood Pool: 5

PorcuPINE
Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -3, -3
Attack: Quills (reflexive attack when touched) for
five dice; bite for three dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Stealth 2 (Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Stealth 3)
Blood Pool: 2

RHINOCEROS

Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1,
-2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Charge with horn for six dice; trample or
kick for six dice; bite for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Stealth
2 (Athletics 3, Dodge 1, Stealth 3)

Blood Pool: 5

SERVAL

Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -3, -3,
Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for three dice; bite for four dice

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Hunting
2, Dodge 3, Intimidation 1, Stealth 2 (Athletics 4, Brawl
4, Empathy 2, Stealth 3)

Blood Pool: 4

Note: The serval is a small jungle cat, resembling a
40- or 50-pound leopard, with its head more resembling
a house-cat, but with much larger ears. Even some mor-
tals like to keep them as pets, as their size is about the
same as a dog, and when domesticated they are only
slightly more wild than dogs.
TIGER

Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -
2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for four dice; bite for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Hunting
3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2, Stealth 1 (Athletics 4, Brawl
4, Empathy 2, Stealth 3)

Blood Pool: 5

WARTHOG

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -
3, -3, Incapacitated

Attack: Charge with tusks for five dice; bite for four
dice; trample or kick for three dice

sxuere 189 cosas

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2
(Athletics 4, Empathy 2, Stealth 1)
Blood Pool: 4

WILDEBEEST
Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -
2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Trample or kick for six dice; bite for four dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 3
(Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Stealth 1)
Blood Pool: 5

WOLF
Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-3,-5, Incapacitated
Attack: Bite and claw for four dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 2, Stealth 2 (Athletics 3, Intimidation 3, Stealth 3)
Blood Pool: 2

Birps

EAGLE
Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -5
Attack: Claw for two dice; bite for three dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2 (Brawl 3, Empathy 4, Intimidation 4)
Blood Pool: 1

HAwk
Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -3, -3
Attack: Claw for two dice; bite for three dice
Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 2 (Brawl 3, Empathy 3, Intimidation 3)
Blood Pool: |
OstricH
Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Willpower: 1, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -3, -3, -
5, Incapacitated
Attack: Trample or kick forfour dice; bite for three dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Dodge 2 (Brawl 1,
Empathy 3, Stealth 1)
Blood Pool: 3

Parrot (Gray)

Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5

Attack: Claw for two dice; bite for one (des-
peration)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1,
Dodge 2, Linguistics 1 (Empathy 3, Enigmas 1,
Intimidation 2)

Blood Pool: 1/2 (two parrots equals one
blood point)

Note: Gray parrots have the mental
capacity of a three- to five-year-old hu-
man child. They possess basic
problem-solving skills and can both un-
derstand and use simple language. Their

ability to speak makes them

favorite ghouls for many

Laibon, particularly those

who wish to speak through
them using Ride the Beast.

Vulrure

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -5

Attack: Claw for three dice; bite for five

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Intimidation 3 (Athletics 3, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 4)

Blood Pool: 2

Note: Vultures are normally scavengers, unless they
are extremely hungry or provoked. They may be trained
to attack mortals and vampires, however; their hooked
beaks are well suited to ripping or tearing flesh.

REPTILES

Boa ConsTRicTOR

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -3, -3,
Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for four dice (may attempt to swallow);
crush for seven dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Intimi-
dation 2 (Athletics 4, Empathy 2, Intimidation 4)

Blood Pool: 2

Cosra/SPitTING CoBrRA
Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5


Attack: Bite for two dice (plus five dice of poison
damage to living creatui pitting cobras can also spit
venom for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3 (Athletics 3, Intimidation 4)

Blood Pool: 1/2 (two cobras equal one blood point)

CROCODILE
Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1,

2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for seven dice; tail slap for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Intimi-
dation 2 imming 4 (Alertness 2, Athletics 4,
Intimidation 3)

Blood Pool: 4

Insects & ARACHNIDS

Note: All statistics given here are for swarms,
except where otherwise noted as "single." For more
information on swarms and suggested rules, see p. 304
of Vampire.

ArRICAN "KILLER" BEES
Strength 0, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK

Swarm and sting for s

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Flying 4,

Intimidation 3 (Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Empathy 2)
Blood Pool: 0 (Try sucking the blood out of an ins:

Fire ANTS
Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK
Attack: Bite and sting for seven dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Intimi-
dation 2 (Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Empathy 2)
Blood Pool: 0

.)

GIANT DRaGoneLy (SINGLE)

Strength 1, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Willpower: 1, Health Levels: OK, -5

Attack: Bite for one die (desperation)

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Intimidation 3
(Athletics 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 4)

Blood Pool: 1/4 (Disgusting)

Note: Although dragonflies, both giant and oth-
erwise, have no real attack to speak of, many mortals
and Laibon without much knowledge of the animal
kingdom don't realize it. This is why the Giant Drag-
onfly has no Brawl but Intimidation 3. People tend to
be scared of dragonflies (especially enormous ones)


even though they're generally harmless. Laibon either
create swarms of them to frighten away potential
enemies or use their ability to hover in mid-air for
spying in hard-to-reach places.

SCARAB BEETLE

Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK,
OK, OK, OK

Attack: Bite and eat flesh (as a swarm) for nine dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Intimi-
dation 2 (Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Empathy 2)

Blood Pool: 0

Note: Scarabs are scavengers, and as such, they eat
human flesh only if they are starved or specially trained
through use of Animalism. Vampiric flesh, however, is
thoroughly dead, which makes it just as delectable to
scarabs as the flesh of a fresh corpse is.

ScorPIon (siNGLE)

Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Willpower: 1, Health Levels: OK, -3

Attack: Sting for one die (plus 10 dice of poison
damage to living creatures)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Intimi-
dation 3 (Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Empathy 2)

Blood Pool: 1/4

TARANTULA (SINGLE)

Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Willpower: 1, Health Levels: OK, -5

Attack: Bite for two dice (plus four to 10 dice of
poison damage, depending on species)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Climb-
ing 3, Intimidation 3 (Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Empathy 2)

Blood Pool: 1/4

SEA AND LAKE CREATURES

CRAB OR LOBSTER

Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 1, Health Levels: OK, -2, -5

Attack: Snap with pincers for two to five dice
(depending on the size of the crab or lobster)

Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Intimi-
dation 1 (Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Empathy 2)

Blood Pool: 1/4 to 1, depending on size

Note: Crustaceans suchas crabs and lobsters have one
additional soak die because of their hard exoskeletons.

DOLPHIN
Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2,
-2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for five dice; swipe with tail for three dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Empathy
3, Enigmas 4, Linguistics 2, Swimming 4 (Alertness 4,
Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Empathy 4, Enigmas 5)

Blood Pool: 3

Note: Dolphins have been considered to be the
most intelligent of the "lower" mammals for some time,
even more so than monkeys or apes. Some biologists
believe that dolphins might even exceed humans in
intelligence. Their ability in Linguistics reflects dol-
phins' ability to communicate complex ideas to each
other through sonar, as well as to understand and
respond to human speech. Their Enigmas Ability re-
flects their exceptional problem-solving skills. If any
animal might be able to learn non-physical Disciplines
as a ghoul, dolphins would be that animal. This is
merely speculation, however, and not an encourage-
ment to create Vicissitude-wielding sea critters.

PIRANHA

Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Willpower: 1, Health Levels: OK, -5

Attack: Bite and eat flesh for two dice; swarm with
other piranhas for eight dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3,

Blood Pool: 1/2

Note: Swarming piranhas should be treated as hav-
ing six "OK" health levels.

Sea Turtle

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -2, -2,
-5, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for five dice; claw for three dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Empathy
2, Intimidation 1, Swimming 4 (Alertness 3, Athletics 4,
Brawl 4, Empathy 3, Intimidation 3)

Blood Pool: 3 to 5, depending on size

SHARK

Strength 4/6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Willpower: 2/3, Health Levels: OK, OK, (OK,) -2,
-2, -5 (-5), Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for six/eight dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Intimi-
dation 3, Swimming 4 (Alertness 4, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 4)

Blood Pool: 3/5

Note: Traits before the slash are for smaller sharks
such as hammerheads, while those after the slash are for
larger sharks such as the whale shark. Health levels in
parentheses are for large sharks only.


Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -5
Attack: Bite for four dice; puncture with nasal ap-
pendage ("sword") for six dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 1 (Alert-
ness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Empathy 2)

Blood Pool: 3

WHALE

Strength 5/9, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4/6

Willpower: 4/7, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, (OK,OK,
OK, OK, -1,-1,-1,) -2, -2, (-2, -2,-3, -3,) -5, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for six/ 12 dice; swipe with tail for four/
nine dice; jump out of the water and crush (on the surface
only) for eight/ 15 dice (which could also inflict damage
on the whale, depending on the size and type of the
person or object being crushed)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Intimi-
dation 2/3, (Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Empathy
4, Intimidation 4)

Blood Pool: 6/15

Note: Traits before the slash are for most species of
whale, while those after the slash are for the massive blue
whale, the largest animal on the planet. Health levels in
parentheses should also only be used for the blue whale.



A\PPENDIX:

MINOR
LEGAC
Poa |

Death most resembles a prophet who is without honor in
his own land or a poet who is a stranger among his people.
—Kahlil Gibran, The Voice of the Poet

Not all vampires that one might find in Africa truly
call the Ebony Kingdom their home. Of these, the
Malkavians and Ventrue are largely similar to their
clanmates elsewhere, though they have forsaken some
thing that causes them to take refuge in Africa. As for the
Nkulu Zao and the Mla Watu, other circumstances have
conspired to make them what they are tonight — for
better or for worse.

Note that the Malkavians and Ventrue remain clans;
they imply strangers in a strange land. The Mla Watu
and Nkulu Zao, however, have truly become legacies,
shaped as much by the domain in which they reside as
their creators


ye ware

=

Sometime in the Dark Ages, a small group of

Malkavians followed a member of their clan who claimed
to be the returned Messiah into the depths of the Dark
Continent. Their leader, who African Malkavians re-
memberas "Arcus," promised that they would find ancient
tomes of wisdom concerning the origin of the Kindred,
the world and the entire cosmos. What they actually
found, while perhaps a missing link of some kind, was far
more than they expected or bargained for. And the
natives didn't exactly welcome them with open arms.

It might seem that the Malkavians could find a niche
in the Ebony Kingdom as medicine men or advisors
because of their peculiar insight. The reality is that in a
vampiric society where the Shango and Akunanse al-
ready filled those roles, the Malkavians were at a sore
disadvantage because of their insanity. Although a few
cautious magaji have occasionally chosen Malkavians
their advisors, most Laibon consider them far too unpre-
dictable and disturbing to trust for simple tasks, let alone
information or advice. Their numbers are too small to
worry most magaji and they have no real continental
organization to speak of, but it's safe to say most Laibon
are hesitant to deal with the Malkavians. Most wish
they'd just go aw

In the modern nights, no one is really sure whether
Arcus is still around (or if he even existed in the first
place). "Arcus sightings" occur several times a year, but
the

ast believable report of his whereabouts was in the
19th century in the Congo. Still, the Malkavians have
continued on without him, Embracing sparingly and

continuing to look for the ancient scrolls of wisdom in
the Ebony Kingdom. Most believe that they have only to
look in the right location; the most dangerous

who believe that they already have.

re those

Nickname: Hyenas

Appearance: As with Malkavians elsewhere in the
world, appearance varies. It's difficult to generalize with
a legacy whose members each have their own peculiar
brand of insanity. The problem with picking psychopaths
out of a crowd is that for the most part, they look just like
everyone else.

Haven: Like their appearance, Malkavians' havens
vary widely based on temperament. A Malkavian is just
as likely to dwell in a huge mansion as a condominium,

an RV or even a communal underground hive of several
insect-obsessed lunatics. Some stick to what's familiar
from their mortal days; others let their madness guide
them when selecting a haven. Be creative.

mE

MALKAVIANS==

Background: African Malkavians Embrace a bit
more selectively than their Western counterparts. The
criteria are still different from Hyena to Hyena, but most
Malkavians are aware (even in their delirium) that the
only thing keeping other Laibon from wiping them out is
their relatively small numbers. Most Laibon see the
Malkavians as an annoyance to be avoided rather than a
threat to be wiped out, and any Malkavian who isn't
suicidal has a vested interest in keeping it that way.

Character Creation: Malkavians who are Embraced
in Africa often have survivalist concepts, while those
who are old enough to have been part of the original

=
STEREOTYPES
Akunanse: If I was that ugly,I'd think upa good
use for. it, too.
Followers of Set: C
serpent monster, ruining ev

h, look ar me, I'mascary.evil
thing and"éveryone §
around me. Amateurs, It's onl amusing to play at
being-a monster if no.one knows you're doing it:
Guruhi: "Yes, O Great and Powerful-Magaji, No,
O Great and Powerful Magaji: Please let me wipe
your great and powerful arse for you, O Great and
Powerful Magaji." If that's all. they want from their
subjects, thet none of.'em get it? Nota.single one.
Ishtarri:-So.close: They-know they've lost some-
thing, just not what it is?) We could teach them so
much, if only they'd liste:

Kinyonyi: Not nearly as foolish as they'd like to
make you'think.. Maybe everyone's taken by their
mercenary disguise; but I knew a Kinyonyi once that ¢
could make the walls meltand the Earth's pullreverse ?
itself, At least, | think he was the one doing it.

Naglopers: And they call ussinsane.

Osebo? You know, whomever they may serve, | €an

ally respect the Osebo. They know their job, and
they do it well. And most of themaren't half as dumb,

= as everyone seems to think

Shango: I'd say the Shango are the ones'to go to if

you're looking for true wisdom.or guidance in this
sod-forsakety kingdom, but unfortunately
found one that was willing to talk to me. I think the
clarity of my vision must frighten them off.

I've never

Xi Dundu: This is where the Ebony Kingdom is
going, but no oneseems to realize it. The Guruhi just
keep-on with business as usual, but soon their own
shadows .wilkstab them in the back and we'lball be at

the mercy of the Xi Dundu.

We mae ee


SSN TENT

migration are mostly academics and explorers (and should, least one sire-childe combination
of course, have a reason for why they followed any leader
to a strange new land). Many rely primarily on Mental
Attributes, but those who focus primarily on Physical
Attributes are more common in the Ebony Kingdom
than elsewhere. Knowledges and Skills are
usually prized above Talents. Common
Abilities include Awareness, Academ-
ics, Investigation, Occult, Science
and Survival. Natures and De-
meanors range from
identical to wildly
different; com-
mon Archetypes
include Child, Cur-
mudgeon, Deviant,
Fanatic, Martyr,
Pedagogue, Penitent,
Perfectionist, Scientist, Thrill-
Seeker and Visionary.

in such coteries, as sires usually
want to be sure that their childer
aren't going to get themselves in
too much trouble before releasing
them. All-Malkavian coteries
might seem like the blind leading
the blind, but at least to their own
fractured minds, three or four
people with different forms of

insanity might add up to an

undamaged intellect every
once in a while.

Legacy Disciplines: Auspex,
Dementation, Obfuscate

Weaknesses: Because of the mad-
ness inherent to their vitae, all
Malkaviansare utterly, incurably insane.
Specific illnesses can range from anxiety
attacks to narcolepsy, multiple person-
alities to schizophrenia. When creating a
Malkavian character, a player must select
at least one derangement. This derange-
ment can be temporarily fought with
Willpower, but it may never be permanently
overcome. For Malkavians with multiple de-
rangements, one derangement should be
assigned as the character's primary illness.
Other derangements may eventually be
cured, but the primary derangement will
always remain.

s, well, how can you be
sure this isn't the lost tomb of King
Solomon, eh? I've never seen glyphs
like these before. Fascinating... What's
that? No, you'd better go in first. I need
to stay out here and deal with the govern-
ment snipers when they arrive. Best to
take cover. It won't be long now.

Organization: Just as in the rest
of the world, the Malkavians of the
Ebony Kingdom have no particu-
lar organization, particularly
because there are so few of them.
There's still the Madness Network, of
course, which means that they might even
be able to pick up tidbits from outside
Africa, but such insights are rarely very
useful. It's common for Ebony Kingdom
Malkavians to travel in small coteries
three or four at the most — for mutual
protection and guidance. There's often at


SESE

If the mere mention of one legacy causes shivers in
most Laibon, it would have to be the Mla Watu. The
reason is twofold — first of all, rhe Mla Watu have made

it clear through the years, to those unlucky enough to
have prolonged contact with them, that they wish to be
left alone. More importantly, though, the Mla Watu
traffic with the dead. Not content to simply ask the
ancestors for their advice or wisdom like mortal shamans
and certain Akunanse or Shango, the Mla Watu seek to
control them. Many Laibon find this practice utterly
repulsive, and many others fear subjugation after meeting
Final Death, soasa result, the Mla Watu generally get the
solitude they desire. The disappearance of the few who
have tried to hunt the Mla Watu out of righteous indig-
nation at their subjugation of the dead has also helped to

guarantee the legacy's independence.

One side effect of avoiding the Mla Watu, of course,
is that most other Laibon don't know very much about
them. Those who have spoken to members of the legacy
usually report quiet vampires, often claiming to be quite
old, and in many cases with a scholarly bent. Not much
isknown about the legacy's past, but a few Mla Watu have
let slip rumors that they used to be a much greater legacy
in the past. (Those kholo who are old enough to remem-
ber say that the legacy has been in the Ebony Kingdom
only since the beginning of the second millennium AD,
though.) Those few Laibon who have chanced to meet
elders of the Mla Watu tell even stranger tales, suggesting
that they're not even of African descent. This revelation
might shed some light on the legacy's true origins — at
least, for those incautious enough to want to investigate.

Beyond their interest in the dead, the Mla Watu
value knowledge above all other things, and those who
dealt with them and survived to tell about it attest to this
fact. Mla Watu often seem to be obsessed with collecting
books, scrolls and other obscure sources of information,
particularly concerning the occult. This might be why,
despite the legacy's relative newness to the Ebony King-
dom, it's whispered that the Mla Watu know more about
the history of the Laibon than does any other legacy. Of
course, if they do have this knowledge, the Mla Watu
guard it as closely as they guard their own origins.

Nickname: Ghost-Eaters

Appearance: Older Mla Watu tend toward the fash-

ions of their breathing days — often medieval European

garb, particularly that of scientists and doctors of the

time, and cloaks are always a favorite. Younger members

of the legacy (though "younger" in this legacy is very
much a relative term) prefer modern equivalents (lab
coats and the like) or modern culturally appropriate
clothing for their region.

Haven: The Mla Watuare generally solitary, though
they do sometimes gather to collaborate on particularly
involved research. Most maintain comfortable havens
, modern and ancient, and often

i
STEREOTYPES
unanse: For savages, they. possess a remark-
able degree-of. insight. Watch them catefully; they
see more-than they let on:

Followers of Set: Even-a snake can sometimes be
a usefultool; Just bé'very sure it is they whore the
pawn and not the feyerse.

Guruhi: The rulinghand of the Ebony Kingdom.
Take my advice: Steér clear of them whenever
possible. We have not survived this long by alerting
thosé in power to who we are and what we do:

Ishtarri: Ifthe Followers of Setsuccumbed tothe
same vices they"peddle, they-would become the
Ishtarri. Some may be potent warriors, but most are
too busy withself-indulgence to\question what lies
in the shadows of the Kingdom*Let us ‘seesthat it
stays that way

Kinyonyi: Whatever their faults, the Kinyonyi
are usually willing to serve without asking tooman:
questions. Just be wary of allowing them to overstay
théix, welcome,

| ane) Dee a Ok SO deh Mines) cee Ye

Ver octane, ated ei, eas tee wo) mk ew ede

eel iy sirname, Scrat

MES

Naglopers: If you are-in need of fresh bones or

human flesh and uhable:or unwilling to%procure it
yourself, the Naglopers may prove useful. Other-
wise, you would do well to. consider themas animals
béneéath your notice.

Osebo: Most O:
Shango master, so treat them the same as youwoilld
either of those legacies. JuSttemember that soldiers

bo report back to some Giituhi or

the generals they serve.

Shango: The court magicians of the Gurthi have
more'tricks up their sleeves than one might expect.
Still; beneath their confident exterior lies; [sus-
pect, a fear of us, the only legacy with magies they
have failed.to master. I hear tell that some of them
even come tous seeking to learn. our powers over the
dead. If-I-were you; I Would only even ‘consider
teaching one who first. swears. loyalty to' me and
perhaps takes the blood oath as.well.

Xi Dundu: They may Share with us a desire for
power, but the'Sitnilarity between our legacies ends
there. The Xi Dundu are depraved fools who chase
after material sucess and:control, while true power
lies only inches away in their powers Over shadow. If]
/ ehiges their gifts, 1 would not squander them as they do

are rarely as intelligen:

at

ee

=> 198


artifacts as well. In recent nights, collec- or perhaps the re-
tions of exotic skulls and skeletons have
also come into vogue within the legacy.
Skulls of Lupines or other strange creatures
are especially prized, granting a great deal
of prestige if they are authentic.
Background: The Mla Watu
are a small legacy, and for the
most part, they like it that way.
Having fewer childer to keep
track of means more time for
research and planning, as well

verse is true.
Whatever the rea-
son, the Mla Watu's

appearance increases all Ap-

pearance-related difficulties
by one. In addition, their pal-
lor decreases the difficulty by
one on all attempts to detect
them as vampires. It's worth
noting that this weakness
makes most African members of the
legacy (all but the oldest of the Mla
Watu) look anything from cadaverous
to downright frightening, depending
on their features and original skin tone.
At the storyteller's discretion, this in-
congruity of features and skin color
may increase difficulty by two when
dealing with African mortals (or with
all Africans, mortal and Laibon alike).
Organization: The Mla Watu have
no official organization, but rather an un-
written understanding of mutual help and
protection. They are well aware that most
of the Ebony Kingdom despises them, and
the same is probably true outside Africa as
well. Therefore, if the necessity were to

as fewer people to betray them
to outsiders. Still, new recruits
are necessary from time to time,
and the Mla Watu pick those
they feel are best suited to the
study of death, usually well-edu-
cated people with a background in
the subject. Doctors or surgeons,
coroners, laboratory scientists and
even professors are the usual candi-
dates. From time to time, local priests
or medicine men are chosen, but
most are priests devoted to gods re-
lated to death — Shokpono, the
Yoruba god of smallpox, is a favor-
ite. Priests of more mainstream gods
often have deep-seated moral ob-
jections to exerting control over
the dead.

Character Creation: Mla Watu
are almost always Mental-primary
characters. Physical protection, when
necessary, is relegated to ghouls with
Potence. Knowledges are usually fa-
vored, followed by Skills. Common
Abilities include Occult, Academ-
ics, Linguistics, Medicine and
Science. Nature and Demeanor are
usually similar but rarely identical;
some common Archetypes include
Architect, Conformist, Curmudgeon,
Director, Pedagogue, Perfectionist,
Scientist and Traditionalist.

Legacy Disciplines: Auspex,
Fortitude, Necromancy

Weaknesses: No matter how
much blood they drink (or spend), the
Mla Watu remain pale as corpses. Perhaps
this is because of their preoccupation with death,

arise (as yet, it has not), the legacy could
mobilize itself quickly. Since all Mla Watu
work toward the same goals — greater
knowledge of Necromancy and the Under-

world, and eventual revenge against those
who broke their legacy so long ago — it's not
surprising that most are in touch with at
least a few other Mla Watu on a regular or

semi-regular basis. It's rare to find more than

one in the same domain for more than a
few weeks at a time, however. The
entire legacy is said to gather for
S, several weeks each winter in an un-
known location to discuss their

findings and perform arcane rituals.

Quote: Welcome to my home. I see you
have already made yourself comfortable. The
skull you hold in your hand is one of my
favorites. I am told it belonged to the great
Shaka himself. Very regal cheekbones, don't
you agree? Now, please be so kind as to explain
your presence, unless you wish your skull to join

King Shaka's in the trophy case.


LS

=

The childer of Zao-lat find little peace, no matter
where they run, and the few who survive have run far
indeed. Many believe that only a handful of Zao-lat's
childer haunt the night at any time, but a few suspect that
this is a myth propagated by his offspring themselves.
They believe that if the other Laibon think there are so
few, they are nota threat and not worth the effort to hunt.
In truth, no one knows how many exist at any one time,
least of all the Nkulu Zao.

During times long past, a group of power-seeking
magi discovered the slumbering Ancient and supposedly
destroyed him only because he allowed it to happen. Zao-
lat's vitae was drained dry at the fangs of the most
powerful of the magi, then all the sorcerers proceeded to
hunt down and destroy the Ancient's progeny. For many
years, the magi thought that they were successful, but a
few resourceful "Kindred" survived and scattered to the
four winds. Some made their way as far as Africa and took
the Bavili name for the "dead souls of Zao-lat."

In other areas of the world, vampires who are believed
to have descended from Zao-lat have been the consistent
victims of the other clans and their plots to exterminate
the lineage. In the Western world, for example, the Salubri
have struggled to survive and claim to offer succor and

secrets to perhaps the only escape from damnation for a
vampire. Most vampires reject the notion that the Salubri
are healers, though, and the blood hunts rage on.

In Africa, the Nkulu Zao have given up any attempts
to offer "healing" of the Curse of Cagn to any other
Laibon. Hidden away in the depths of the jungles and
desert wastelands, the Soulsuckers do what they must in
order to ensure their survival. Most believe that everyone
and everything is out to destroy them, thanks in no small
part to the deadly efficiency of Tremere propaganda.
They are true soul-suckers, having become what many of
the vampires had suspected all along, their fears having
raised a terrifying demon to unlife. And while the Nkulu
Zao believe that Golconda is still attainable, many have
reached a point of paranoia so fevered that they never
trust a mortal long enough to Embrace her, let alone herd
her toward the speculative salvation that Golconda prom-
ises. Whispers persist, however, that the Nkulu Zao have
discovered that Golconda does not exist and believe that
the Curse of Cagn is preferable to damnation.

Nickname: Soulsuckers

Appearance: Appearance varies widely, as the few
known Nkulu Zao have chosen their progeny sporadi-
cally for wildly different reasons little, if any
generalizations can be made with any accuracy. Unlike
their Western brethren, the Nkulu Zao have all but lost

- NkuLu ZAo—=

their distinctive, third eye. Some still posses a functional
one, but many of the Laibon's have healed over. Whether
that means they have lost sight of their purpose, no one
knows for certain.

Haven: Soulsuckers keep small, unassuming havens
(when they can) and try to stay as far away from other
Laibon as possible deep in the bush. With the creeping
modernization, however, such remote locations have
become more difficult to find. Nkulu Zao typically lead
Spartan unlives, keeping physical trappings to a bare
minimum and rarely possessing many material belong-
ings, always aware of the need for flight.

Background: The Nkulu Zao Embrace less and less,
as their mistrust grows to a rightfully fevered pitch. In the
distant past, individuals with high levels of Humanity,
such as holy men and healers, were desirable. Now, few
Kindred can discern much rhyme or reason in the childer
they Em| the only
way to transcendence is by death at the hands of their
freshly Embraced childer.

Character Creation: Mental and Physical Attributes
are often primary to the point of necessity, as are Skills.
If the Soulsucker has Backgrounds of Allies and Re-
sources, she is uncommon indeed. Most Nkulu Zao have

Sy ee
STEREOTYPES
Akunanse: They are wise, without a‘doubt, but
at all:
Followers of Set: Their sole virtue is the honesty
of their selfishness.
Guruhi: They s kings, but it
is the brutality of the kingdom itselfthat makes their

thatd6es not vouch for theif trustworthine:

fashion themselves

claims worthless
Ishtarri theyare

not worth the blood in their veins.

Content to wallow in pleasu

be either damnation.or sal-
yet they waste their unlives in

Kinyonyi: They
vation. themselv:
the pursuit of luct

Naglopers: It astounds me that they take such
pride in their open failure as individuals.

Osebo: Had we only met them first. .

Shango: The hammer of the gods is simply a tool,
and they havevallowed thosé other than the divine
to wield,it.

Xi Dundu: They thrill to be thé beginning of

i endy"and they are worthy ofall the
directed atthem.


at least a few dots worth of Genera-
tion to represent the potency of the

Legacy Disciplines: Auspex,
Fortitude, Obeah

Weaknesses: The Nkulu
Zao may take blood only
from those who willingly
give it to them. If the Ow
vessel resists the feed- iy (-
ing, the Nkulu Zao CS een
loses a point from her <iatd ey *
Willpower pool in ad-
dition to drawing no
sustenance from the vi-
tae itself. Additionally,
the character might
need to check for de-
generation, at the
Storyteller's discretion.

MY

Quote: I do what I have to do to
reach my destination, if it really exists.
Everyone else be damned, even if I have
to damn them myself!

Organization: In the past, little, ifany, true
organization has emerged among the Nkulu
Zao. Their numbers have always been too
small for such to matter. At various points
in their history, though, fierce loyalty
has occasionally surfaced among the
legacy. With the passage of years and
persecution, however, and with
fewer willing to Embrace, the
same Nkulu have festered in
the darkness and rarely offer
aid to any, even to another
Soulsucker. As their fear
grows, the Nkulu Zao have
become less likely to flee, as
many feel that they have no-
where else torun. More than
a few have taken a twisted
last-stand sort of mental-
ity and devour the soul of
any they feel threatened
by — almost anyone

who disturbs them.


i

6 bg oS Lf f
Va eS Hine I LF

eee

eer Er

—
by —
| ote a test

See VENT

To the Ventrue, much of Africa is like Casablanca.
Those who dwell there are either expatriates fleeing
some greater concern, or they are inscrutable plotters,
there for their own ends, and Devil take anyone who
finds himself in the way. Still, Ventrue pride is an
indelible thing, and even those who visit the Ebony
Kingdom for scurrilous purposes do so with all the
hauteur endemic to their heritage.

For the most part, the Ventrue don't bother blending
in. As a predominantly Caucasian clan, the Ventrue
know they stick out. Some even hail from less enlight-
ened times, still seeing Africa as "the Dark Continent"
and populated by lesser peoples. Others come for com-
mercial reasons or to further some part of a larger plan in
progress. To be sure, Africa has no indigenous Ventrue
legacy, and even those Ventrue Embraced there feel a
sense of detachment from their former home. Legacies
are families, but clans are something altogether different
in this part of the world.

Still, the wise Laibon doesn't count the Ventrue out
of the picture just because they're far from home. The
Ventrue, as always, are industrious, resourceful and well
connected. Despite being from different continents, a
Ventrue anda Laibon might maintain active contact and
owe each other favors. Those Ventrue who are smart
enough to see Africa's resources for what they are have a
lot to gain from the Ebony Kingdom, and those Laibon
who are wise enough to know what the Ventrue represent
have a great deal to gain from amicable relations. In the

end, that mercenary nature is what draws the Blue Bloo
to the Ebony Kingdom, no doubt: the promise of some
advantage that hasn't even occurred to whatever rival
currently suffers their scorn.

Nickname: Blue Bloods

Appearance: The Ventrue largely appear as they do
elsewhere in the world, rarely making the effort to "go
native" because so few of them have any long-term plans
to stay. Natives Embraced into the clan tend toward the
rugged and "useful" to the sire, as the Ebony Kingdom is
not the place Ventrue go to dally and show their afflu-
ence, when greater displays of such are better made back
home. As such, African Ventrue often have a somewhat

rent palatial estates (orat least estates that live up to their
standards) or outfit their expeditions with the most
luxurious amenities. The Laibon sometimes tease them
for these little vanities, reminding them that they are not
the Great White Hunters on safari into the Dark Conti-
nent. At this the Ventrue merely shrug — in some minds,
that's exactly what they are.

Background: Those Embraced in the Ebony King-
dom, surprisingly, often come from less distinguished
stock than one might suspect. Psychologically, the
Ventrue who consider themselves so far and above the
"naked savages" of the Ebony Kingdom would never
deign to Embrace there. Therefore, it falls to the more
progressive members of the clan to pass on the Curse of
Caine to those who have those unique characteristics
that they seek in a childe. Of course, "progr
relative term among the Ventrue, and as often as not, a

ssive" is a

Ventrue bestows the Embrace upon one whom he in-
tends to be the African equivalent of his man Friday

Character Creation: Par for the course, most Ventrue
focus upon their Mental and Social Attributes. Skills and
Knowledges prevail among Abilities, and no Ventrue
worth the Embrace is going to neglect his Backgrounds,

SS 2 ee
STEREOTYPES
Akunanse: Suitable forstuffing above the mantle
—imless they-have some secret worth telling you.
Followers of Set: Shamefully, they ate cit frm the
same cloth as their equally repugnant kin elsewhere.
Guruhi: A kit

dom, and that's quite littl@ina land ofsand,mud and

y is only@as estimable as his king-

relentle:
Ishtarri:. They-unde
world, ‘and*they: are better'than this backward

un.

Stand the. nature: of the

continent deserves.
Kinyonyi: Every kingdom hasits vagabonds
are no worse than the detritus found elsewh
Naglopers? Don't thelocalshaveenough to worry
about without letting the exploits of these wretched
monstrosities haunt them?

Osebo: I wish some of my Western kin would follow

utilitarian look, with gear for whatever they think might
come their way and the manner and facial expressions of
veterans who have seen their share of horror. They can
hail from any of the local peoples, so no single culture or
ethnicity is more predominant than any other.

Haven: Visiting Ventrue rarely see any need to give
up their creature comforts, unless going incognito is of
Such being the case, many Ventrue

absolute necessity.

ae

the Osebo's example and learn their proper place.

Shango: Remarfkable. P'll take two, please.
Duindu: Pretenders to the throne and oblivious
ale—their ambition
sted on a domain of negligible value, thou

glad it keeps theit attention focused here?

toits insignificafice onalarg:

is

IC aaa 102


1 7 <A yp y FT.
9p ea ES Zi fe
IRS LOE, 22,
ee

particularly Contacts, Resources and (often foreign) Influence. Many
Ventrue focus on the Fortitude Discipline to help them survive the Ebony
Kingdom's threats and Dominate to ward away enemies who cannot be
withstood. Natures and Demeanors still gravitate toward the aggre:
imperious or manipulative, having more similarity than other
clans and legacies.
Legacy Disciplines: Dominate, Fortitude,
Presence

Weaknesses: Ventrue taste is rarefied to

the point of exclusivity, and each Blue Blood can

partake of only a certain type of mortal blood. This type

is chosenat character creation. For example, a particular

Ventrue might feed exclusively from virgins, blond men,

naked children or clergy. The character will feed on no

other type of blood, even if he is starving or under duress.
Ventrue may feed on vampire blood normally, though.

Organization: Ventrue in the Ebony Kingdom are often

expatriates seeking to avoid some facet of the organization that

they knew before they arrived in Africa. Even those Ventrue
who are still connected to the old boys' club typically fors

some of the structure inherent to their clan while visiting
Africa, in order to avoid the attention of their fellows or to "let
off steam" where their actions' consequences probably won't
follow them home. Still, Ventrue rarely go wild in the African
environment, especially when they feel like they can wring a

bit of deference out of some savage local or lesser-fellow-
found-slumming. It all depends on how much decorum the
individual Ventrue has and how many eyebrows he wants to raise

with the news of his presence.

Quote: The well mannered among civilized
societies know it as the "dark continent," and that
is precisely what it is: an unenlightened, savage
land waiting for the sacrament of development
into something worthwhile. With a bit of effort
and some blood, sweat and tears, we can bring
value to this backward domain.


Abilities 72, 76
Skills
Divine 76
Advantages 73
AIDS 121
Animal Ghouls 185
Animism 38
Antagonists 171
Artifacts 113
Blood Shield 115
Kduva's Mask 115
Pledge-Sword 115
Skin of the King 114
Vanishing Bead 114
Attributes 72
Aye 83, 84

B

Backgrounds 74, 77
Allies 78
Ancestor Spirit 80
Artifact 80
Contacts 78
Fame 78
Generation 78
Herd 78
Influence 79
Membership 81
Mentor 79
Reliquary 82
Resources 79
Retainers 79
Status 80

Beast-Men 181

Bestiary 185

Bilharziasis 137

Birds 190

Blood Pool 75, 88

Cagn 35
Concept 68

D

Degeneration 87

Demeanor 71
Disciplines 73, 94, 96
Abombwe 97
Devil-Channel 98
Invoking the Beast 98

Predator's Communion 97
Predator's Transformation 99
Unseen Hibernation 98
Animalism 94
Auspex 99
Ancestors' Insight 101
Ancestors' Vigilance 99
Sense Vibrations 100
Spirit Ties 100
Spirit Travel 101
Celerity 94
Chimerstry 94
Dementation 95
Dominate 95
Dur-An-Ki 102
The Evil Eye 102
The Hunter's Winds 103
Fortitude 95
Necromancy 95
Path of Abombo 104
Obfuscate 96
Obtenebration 96
Potence 96
Serpentis 96
Vicissitude 107
Asanbonsam 108
Chameleon's Kiss 107
Corrupt the Mortal Flesh 108
Inner Mastery 108
Rend the Man-Frame 108
Disease 152
Domains 8, 32

FE

Flaws 88
Contrary Visage 90
Corrupt Embrace 90
Crippling Spirit 110
Earth-Bound 91
Fixed Generation 90
Foreign Taint 90
Ill-Marked 89
Plagued 91
Rural Fear 91
Unfeeling 91
Wretched Embrace 90

Freebie Points 75

H

Hedge Magic 109
Hierarchies of Sin 87
Hunters 182


Insects & Arachnids 192
Inyanga 110

K

Kerrie 41
Kholo 12

IL

Land Mammals 186

Legacies 8, 71
Akunanse 14, 46
Followers of Set 14, 48
Guruhi 15, 50
Ishtarri 16, 52
Kinyonyi 17, 54
Mla Watu 198
Naglopers 18, 56
Nkulu Zao 200
Osebo 19, 58
Shango 20, 60
Xi Dundu 21, 62

Lexicon 13

M

Magaji 10

Malaria 129

Malkavians 196

Merits 88
Earth-Feeder 89
Empathic Sense 110
Excellent Thirst 89
Malleable Visage 89
Milk-Fed 89
Strange Day 91
Well-Marked 89

Mood 6, 150

Mummies 183

N

Nature 71

O
Orun 83, 84
P

Proverbs 22

Reptiles 192

5)

Sangoma 110
Schistosomiasis 137
Sea and Lake Creatures 193
Sorcerers 172
Sorcery 111
Amulet Warding Away Illness 111
Bind the Night-Walker 111
Boon of Wellness 111
Drive Off Evil Spirits 111
Expeditious Healing 111
Frogskin Curse 112
Invocation of Vengeance 112
Play the Heart Strings 112
Untainted Eyes 112
Wait in Hiding 113
Wake Out of Long Sleep 113
Weapon Blessings 113
Spirits 176

T

Technology 151

Tenets 23
Belonging Grants Protection 25
No Secrets From the Magaji 27
Sires Command, Childer Inherit 27
The Eldest Are Kholo 29
The Eldest Command Undeath 28
The Guruhi Are the Land 25
The Secret Must Be Kept 26
Those Who Endure Judge 25
Travelers Obey The Tenets 28

Theme 6

V

Ventrue 202
Virtues 74

Ww

War of Ages 30
Willpower 74


DEMEANOR:
LeGacy:

PLAYER:
CHRONICLE:

GENERATION:
HAVEN:
CONCEPT::

st ee ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SoclAL
Strength @0000-— Charisma @0000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation @0000
Stamina. @0000 = Appearance @0000

—— ~seene= A\BILITIES

MENTAL
Perception @0000
Intelligence @0000
Wits @0000

BLoop Poo. ———+
OHboooooooo0
OoOo0o0o0o00000

TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, OQO0000 Animal Ken 00000 Academics. 00000
Athletics, O0000 © Crafts 00000 Computer. 00000
Brawl 00000 | Drive 00000 _ Finance. 00000
Dodge. 00000 Etiquette 00000 _ Investigation, 00000
Empathy. 00000 _ Firearms. 00000 — Law 00000
Expression 00000 Melee. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Leadership OOO0O0O — Security. 00000 Occult 00000
Streetwise. 00000 - Stealth 00000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 _ Survival. 00000 _ Science. 00000
: ce ==weexeme /\DVANTAGES sd
BACKGROUNDS DisciPLines Orun + AYE
OO0O000 OO000O0
ORUN
OO0000 OOO0O
00000 00000 O000000000
00000 00000 ee
OOO0O0 OOO0O0O
00000 00000 OOO0DODOOO0"D
OO000O0 OOO00O0
tt _ ee
-—— Merits/FLAws ———> — CourAGce HEALTH
Bruised Oo
SS Hurt al 1B
Injured ai, |S)
A TULEO We Wounded 2), |G
O000000000 Mauled 20
BRE EB aes Crippled 5 |o)
Incapacitated oO

EXPERIENCE —————+


HIDDEN
Africa has ieee been a bastion

of mystery in the World ‘of, Darkness.

~ Finally, the domains south of the,S:
revealed — and the laws of Wes en reds
hold no water here. Out of the Kingdom - the i
secretive Laibon come the monstrous Guruhi, -
the atavistic Naglopers and the wise e Akunanse ..
— and untold other horrors.

KINDRED oF ™# EBONY
KINGDOM. INCLU

e Anentirely new take on the Kindre¢
social structure.

si i.
© The history and regional affairs of Africa
with particular regard to the indigenous vampires.

¢ New traits, magical powers and
interpretations of the Kindred Disciplines. y €

www.White-Wolf ig

ISBN 1-5
WW 2441
