# File: Kindred Most Wanted.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


The Eternal Crime

By Ran Ackels

aime.

Ces:
Weitten By: Ran Ackels
Developed By: Andrew Greenberg
"Edited Bys Brian Campbell
+, Art itector: Richan Thomas
Tayour anid Typesetting: Lawrence Snelly and
Richard Thémas
Vari Ken Meyer, jr

fark "The Friendly Ghost"Réine Hagen or
iisnppedring to Denmark while Wraith wert
down
Stewart Stoxmbeinges" Wieck, forhis joy at
S) gettin publish the Ele bovks.
ew "Auutol" Greenberg, for teaing Italy

ep
‘Ket "House Father" Cliffe, for looking to settle
down — yes, I
Rob

the Mollusk' tentacles in Street Fighter

as shocked as yor

Bill "Home Al Aa Biles for throwing his

ared Writers of America" Brucato fr
going to Arizona o promote our fiction line

‘The Kindred Most Wanted

Book of Nod and Drums Around the Fite, wehave
released the first Vampire anthology, The Beast
Within, Inaddition, White Wolfwillbe publishing
theawesarve works of Michael Moorcock aswel

she cricically acclaimed Borderlands horcoc
Whatth ns, however tite Wo
‘onthelookovtforigood writers. If youre interested
if erting fiction, the person tocontact is

‘Weck, ourfietion head (orlethat

Author s Acknowledgements

Lsyould luke 19 thank Wayne Von Geie
liipyt and invaluable ideas, as well as Ch
Hand Neal Endrie

The Kinde Mose Wanted


99 Iniroduction
py Anglo
1 20 Rabat
pe 26 Genina
pe kid
338 Ossian
pe Dyan
950 Ferox
1.5 Alexis
pe 62. Germaine
96 68 Tang
74 Valerius Mor
pe 80 Petaniqua
93.96 kein
1 9 Book Jin: Reenpin and Danination


July 13, 1996

My Darling Kindred Valerius,

If you are actually reading these words, two things have occurred. The
first is that our transaction has proceeded without treachery and | have not
had to butcher you, Secondly, | have verified that the Coneoction of Vitality
that you've procured from the Sabbat is the genuine article, and itis now in
my hands. The potion's recipe is a suitable exchange for this letter's
information concerning the Red List, also known as the Camarilla's Most
Wanted. | know you will find it as absorbing as | have.

Here is the point where warnings are in order. The first concerns your
fascination with me, your questions and your pathetic attempts to woo me

_) over to your banner. You would do well to forget about me, as your curiosity
is becoming hazardous to your own survival. If you ever attempt to contact
me again, I'll make certain that your odd-colored eyes are burned out by the
sun. | do hope we have an understanding.

Geyond this, | think your attempt of assembling the Most Wanted is highly

upracticat, if nota litte insane. Ifyou truscno one, what makes you betieve

) that anyone will trust you? Still, we ave all spiders in human form, thirsting
for blood and for conspiracies. Why deny yours? Perhaps, if you fail, Vit

~ succeed in molding the Anathema into a sect of my own.

The second warning comes with the information that I have included in
this letter, Do not be misled by the appearance of the Most Wanted List. Even
though it was drawn up in the same era as J. Edgar Hoover's mortal version,
there are fundamental differences between the two. Pay attention.

{The Camarilla's Most Wanted is not a mere list of guilty criminals; it is an
arena for vendetta, pitting the Justicars of the seven clans against their
opponents, Since the names on the List are under a Camarilla-wide Blood
Hunt, it acts as a cooperative foil against any foe whom the Justicars may
Want to destroy. There are few on the Red List, with the exceptions of yov and
1, Who deserve the weight of vampire society on their heads. Any of them will
tell you that they are innocent. But you and I know that the innocent voice
is usually small and often drowned in an ocean of heartlessness. We know
also the power of the Justicars and the danger of their whims.

You will find a computer file enclosed in this package containing the
names of those on the Red List. You understand that the information could
be out of date. | do try to keep up on the politics of the List; callitapet project
of mine if you like! However, my contacts are not as reliable as they have

> been in the past.


You'tl note that my own name occupies the top of the List. | hope this does
not surprise you.

The Red List was compiled it the United States during the thirties, a time
when Hoover, the head of the FBI, assembled his own register of enemies. Of
course, the Camarilla was uot immune to the political tides sweeping the
world in that era. Their two-century war with the Sabbat in the New World
left them in a perpetual state of anxiety. It was a time for dissent, indecision
and broken rules, Such chaos, my darling, and such mouth-watering
ruthlessness! It was a glorious time to be in power,

During that time, the Justicar of Clan Ventrue was replaced by an
impostor: me. 1 held his position for five years, manipulating the vast
resources of the bloodline as well as removing enemies I've acquired through
the centuries. Don't ask me how | did it. It's a matter of record now; } am not
the sort to boast on past successes, nor do I relinquish personal secrets.

Even before 1937, when ] was discovered and forced to (lee, the Camarilla
had toyed with the idea of creating a special Blood Hunt to deal with threats
to the sect at large. When | was unearthed (excuse the pun), the half-
hearted debate became a focused imperative. Oh, but | frightened them so
badly. The Red List was compited in the wake of my departure after the
Ventrue appointed anew Justicar, The humiliated clan fairly shoved it down
the throat of the Camatilla. %

Their first order of business was the creation of the Alastor, a special group
of Archons devoted specifically to the hunting of the Anathema, as the
occupants of the Red List were soon known. At first, these hunters had some
impressive successes. They moved in silently and murdered Anathema who
didn't even know that the Red List existed, much less that they were on it.

We know how hard itis for the Toreador to keep secrets. Give them a soap-
box, and they will stand on it and blab until the sun comes up. The secrecy
of the List was broken only a decade after it was formed. During that era,
considering that | was the first priority for execution, | busied myself killing
any Alastor who got close, After the losses sustained by my efforts, the
Justicars finally decided to open the hunt to the rest of the Camarilla. lewas
a perfect response to a perfect tactic. | had them running around like rats in
a maze.

For a brief while, my kind was an endangered species. The rabble of the

Camaritla's lowest rungs saw an easy way to move up the ladder of prestige
simply by bringing me (andthe others) to justice. Obviously, the next logical


thing for me to do Was to slaughter numerous thrill-seekers. They needed the

| fear of Kernintiri put into them, and bloodshed soon cooled their fever for

(0 Gunting us. For these weekend warriors, bringing in my carcass wasn't worth

the risk of getting slaughtered, especially when the reward was little more
than a pat on the back from their oppressors.

There were other problems developing for the Justicars as well. Some lucky
Brujah punk twook down an Anathema and actually committed diablerie on
him. Can you imagine the uproar? Of course, she was added to the List and
filled a year later, But the Justicars were left with the problem of incentive.
The fervor to kill Anathema was understandably dwindling. Your garden-
Variety neonate was hiding whenever it Was merely suggested that | was in
town, You've probably heard many of the rumors | started during that time.

I spread them cleverly through mortal journalists; they are Vampires in their
own right, are they not?

In the early seventies, the Justicars invented the Trophy, a mark of

distinction and honor granted to a sect member who captured or killed an
Anathema and brought proof of his viotory, The Trophy translated ta little
more than a bribe, quickly adding fuel to the fire of Camarilla politics. Now
there is a sudden renewed interest in hunting the Anathema, All we can do
is hide well and inspire enough fear to make the hunters careless. For me,
it's a sport I've enjoyed for millennia, but it still annoys me that the damn
Justicars outmaneuvered me a half-century ago. If you ask me, there should
be seven more spaces on the List reserved for them. Or maybe we should just
point the journalists in their direction,

Still, the Justicars do continue to make awful blunders. Take the newest
trend. For those street-walking Kindred who bring in an Anathema, but who
are not Alastors (or even Archons) to begin with, there is a special prize.
These lucky heroes are inducted into the Alastors' ranks. I guess the Justicars
figure that if you did it once, you can do it again. Talk about job security.
I doubt this trend will last long, though. The mortality rates among these
grandfathered-in Alastors are, I've heard, much higher than those of the
well-trained veterens. To me, surviving a second encounter with au Anath-
ema is like asking lightning to strike twice the same place.

Now the nineties are here. Who knows what will happen? Obviously, the
Anathema have been galvanized to adapt to the danger, We ave becoming
perfect in our desperation, our hostility, our instinct to survive. We are the
cockroaches of vampire society, scurrying in the shadows of our Hunters and


feeding on their ruin. If our reflection of Kindred virtue is vite, then shoutdn't
our crimes become the epitome of vileness?

We have no chance for redemption or reprieve. None of us, Valerius. It
really doesn't matter what we did or who we pissed off, We advance in the
hierarchy of our sins, sins committed in defense of our lives. We justify our
existence on the Red List by defying its makers. The original list of ten has ~
now evolved to thirteen. No donbt, it will become more in the future as the
Big Night approaches.

In closing, V'd like to remind you of the enclosed computor file. It contains
an inventory of the names, histories (as much as | could gather) and other
information on the current members of our exclusive club. I've even included
copies of our Wanted posters, in case you haven't had the pleasure of reading
one in some Toreador bathroom. } am positive that three of the Anathema on
the List are no longer alive; your name has filled one of their places.
Whatever your warped plans, the information should be enough to sustain
your efforts.

Keep in mind that if one of us is taken down, the List is re-prioritized and
another name is put somewhere in the vacuum. |, of course, am far too fond
of my place at the top to give it up. Vou'll hear more of the terrors that Vl
bring to the Kindred in the nights to come. In time, the Camarilla will

) understand how wise it Was to put me at the very top of the List. I'll continue
to use Alastors as my scratching posts, and you will too, if you have half a~
brain. Atrocitios committed by any one of us strengthens the fear thatule all

Suse as Weapons. Good luck on your plans for world domination. I'll see you
b around Gehenna, if they don't get you first.
Black Kisses,

Kemintiri



CHPTER ONE
INTRODUCTION

ime anal the world is maude of

» such thing as conceals

—Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Ce

The Kindred Most Wanted

the world ts the
sult of tear eagerness
se ther to it

purpose of The Kindred Most Wanted isto
quaint you with same of the most cunning and
eaturesever called under a Blood Hunt
Conversely, there are those who are innocent. whose
ip in this nefarious group may have come
ef-reason than the personal enmury of a
ie of de mn of
nathema ic mandated by the Camasilla as a
whole. Otherscetsand bloodlines, such asthe Sabbot

Each listing also includes a wanted poster wich

Iso seek some of dhe Anthem.

ion on the Anathema's eximes, suspected
abilities and territorial ranges, The dossiers on the
ithema will provide the Storyteller with infor

mnation, including detalls not gen« nownamong

Camarilla. Book Two, Redemption and Demna-
ion, is story about the political maneuverings of
will need to be resourceful to avoid bein

Anathema are extremely cunning and in.
Thee whbelevive did laigubgedens} ote

stay on the move, trust no one and adhere

vival. Few ary careless; ond fone
wll be Gkeu easily. Because they move about eof
jp anywhere. Thi

torrigid lave
stantly, they can tu lows the
Storyteller to int y chronicles
\cluding those set among Sabbat, hunters;

These arch-eriminals are rare,
the} go, cheysoon fee! the inerigueth
any one of then

bat wheres

Hithey were inculpable before their
1 Red List, they now manipulate
und them in every possible manner to

remain a step ahead of their hunts.

The Red List is not innocent of abuses. Players

hemna's guilt, Unquestionably
will do their utmost to persuade, eajole or threaten
‘cooperation from neonates, Many will haveschemes
wh serve « practical purpose.
Additionally, the Camarilla has been known to put
lestthan-fearsome Kindred on the List tell every.

ow frightening 1 tes ate,
atch ther immediately, thus proviay
Any ling aid in the sca
ithema, oradvance the: Ainth?
ea by the outlay
character's sect or clan to consider,


rowd ard rounds
that we veers jot
wld move along
Maks better world know te ean be wrong.
—=The Beloved. Sweet Harmony
Wien the justicars firse drafted the Red List
itiey decided thor ac would requirea special group of
prcing it. There were
fonres ply, the finer Circle af
‘the Gamarilla had to justify the List and igive ir
svelgha. Certainly after Kay
imspenonited'by on arciene
Jnportafice «trickle doiwn to thelr subordinates
Sekretly, they began using the Alascor ("Aveng-
€5,) foe purposes other than simply, hunting the
Axuthiewa,
‘Whiletheserceret police ofthe Ci
SPP abDit in Search of the crimnita arth
lbs uve the schemes

"y wanted this

cate object
WiiGtclan warfire that could be sparked by suc

Sabra onatioag he

Sinte nechon act as the voices of the Justicars,
Jnany,varipites know who ehey ate, thus liiting,
sBhearchons ability toactsurteptitiously.The Alastor
fare the clan's secret eves. The pretextofhunting the
‘Anathema can allow them to infil where. If
fan‘Alastor iy discovered by the local powers-that-

Bp) be, alien theorericallyexpect complete immunity

coven ifabe's cath in otzacc thatdoes norinvalve

will send an A tase
with accusation

Mest prine
Juseicarss occasion
They argue that an, Anachems could be hidden in
the powertructure of acity and could ke tipped off
ifthe hunters operated openly

BP 2° The fuselcars, for thett pare, ofictally repr
papel anyAJastor w
Sopecially Wake Alastor's activities ute

Phe prince be her pring
Jhunting an Anithems. The princes are coming to
‘ealize thar an Alastor has unspoken etre Blanc
Arprince will
ducovers Kim — unl

2 Alastory tangee.

£ to the
tached
lastor,

she happéns to be the

Destroying an.
a Justicar ifthe pi
ulterior

The fsticar will then ing

otives,b ortheendofthe matter
sexs the

prince (or

destroy his opponentsanyway. Sometinics,
nno-Lethalaerack ean be used to bring a prinee back
into line quietly.

7 cally well-irmed and if ori
nally archons, well-tramed. Ifa charsecer manages
to-destray an Aniachemn, a Justicar will bring hex
Into the Alastor fold while I

18 and equipmient. This new Alastor cart
then be tene exe to deal withiang thicat thatthe:

Justicar desires. Since these new Alastors were prob.
ably hacky on their initial kill, hey ate not expected
to survive,

Older Alas

6 usually tise from archon pos
ey served well ind with distinction
"There fsasmall group within th
Red Alastor. Each member has broughe
Anathema for among the firs five rank
Lise. As with

iederknown asthe

Alastor, chey answer cons
icar and the Camatilla's Inner Ci

thar the Alastor
cht thing by hunting these
and making the world a safer place
1. Most of them are fanatically loyai
rothed

for the Carmar

nnd will by
Any Al

Marko the Be:

ch far this principle
or who swears the Trophy Mark (or
iriscommonly known) usually
has gloves to conceal i. The curtent crend of gloves
srwong oth no doubt act al the
astors a well as heightening che wncerratnty
of i ose with i deal with archons,

Tre rnny
Somecne gives us all he has and we are his.
} Passionate Stare of Mind"

the destruction of an

re ipl cLisbinyg else
uous taskat best. With
advance through
overnight, The Trophy, permancnely eatto
mark war by someone who
sarage anal
€ in the-face of overwhelming odds A.
Justicarwill aagically ettoo themmark ca varnpire's
hand

cessful hunter ca he ranks

Unknow slaston 100,
is mixed with 1 ritual cast up


Thowrasturgy 36a
allows the Justicars ro keep takxon their most skilled
Killers. Defections of Alistors to the Sabbat are
rumored to hive token plocy; furthermore, itis paid
Sabbaths leat
the Beast and tender an'Alastor underes
Il upon the aid HF prince o

ry. The Markealso guarantees

hospitality as well as hunting privileges: Althe

+ wo the Prince's disctetion, itis to be suffered
by her for-a miciouim of 13 nigh
Some of the henefits that come with the Trophy
of these toons is completely dependent
stitude ofthe clan offering them. A clan is usually
very particular about imitingthe methods ofacquir:
ing an Anathema whien-a Trophy is offered. Rat
Instance. a clin will not pay up if atx Ana
ught in dead ifthe elan wanted ber alive.
Any Boone marked with an'(*) altifisk should
nsidered secret rewan
allow an Alastorso take credit forthe Trophy. Since
their job), they gain
lastors haye little need for prestige
hey ure usyally secretive operatives,
ceptance of » Trophy en
isefulniess to°their Justice' and,
reap macerial re
prestige, acharacter will besectedlyrewanded by th

A vise player will

184 theit own
allows them

n in ways thatincrease herown resdurces without
TrophyBoons

U Trini Blood Hinds

Breaking of. Blood Bond (if possitsle) (*)

1y prestize.

3, Allowatiee to inake progeny

Boon
5, Monetary rewitrds
6, Grant of domains (Tbis'may &

‘clin-held city, though itmay cause enmity from the

prince.)

Sanctioned Diablerie (*)
8, Teach'
hunter

2 of Disciplines noc possessed by the

9. Indulgence (complete forgiveneséby a Justicar

of past transgressions.)

g (che right to kill an

enemy, although:the enemy nay defend erself. 1f

soccessful and caught, the Justicar wilt the killer
k)

11. Glan fiendlhip

Of retainers (the hunters allowed <0
make ghouls)

The hunter also usually gets to keep all of the
Anathema's possessions.

ThePolitcs of Trophy

There isa steeping cop within all of us: He muss be
killed. ‘

Crafted wriccen during the Fronch Seudant
Revolr, May 1968

The Storyteller should feel free toadd any orbit
privileges thet she may deem appropriate. Such:
rewards should cause interesting problenis for the
recipients. Few victories in the world of the Kindred
ate without theirrepercussions. Jealousy amongother
Kindred will surely appear. C
favors. A prince

anonymoas
city whose prestige might Be,
enhanced by che chiming a character's Trophy
might be very grateful and grant rewards withour the
rings that come attached to a lusticar's gift
Rewards of Trophy are always. showy»
‘ually accompanied by posturing by theccesstal
clan: The hunter must bring proof of her: sucess
This inchides 4 staked Anathema or her remnigs.
Falsfication of any kind usually, creates ince
nimosity with the Trophy clan, The Anspex poyre
of Spirit's Touch will revenl mase.cuses, andthe
compe.
The winner ofthe Trophy, whilé gaining pe
fige among the lower levels of Camatilla society, will
intense scrutiny from the tophiit she.
ther newly found sratisie
rable ways, che may be warned or ei
destroyed. The Camarilla prefers'to recruit those'
who destroy a potent Anathera icularly tf dhe!
destroyers can be of further benelic to the sect
frequently use Trophies to
man undeserving kuster
h gif taken froma
pecially erue with grantaof
traded in this

The Justicars

previousow
domain. Favors and punish
as nuch as anywhere else

most eases, a.clan has w decade in which fe
eatélvan Anathema, If isfils, the burden ean shift

to another clan, whieh will ostensibly offer greater


fcegnives,rhian the proviensp one. There are rire
‘Derakes whete a particulat Anathema tea-chom in the

fide' oF a.igpecitic clan. Scmetimes'the clan ea

Dye Savings the Justicurd to grant chem extended Tro.
Be phy This is illustrated by Glan Ventrue, which has:
Hy hold the Trophy for Kemini ut
Justicar s Cooperation
Wb The brian may devise las for the Hood,
but. c hovtemper leaps. o'er a. cold decree
Hdherestanything thin the Justicarsagree ou, it
ip ue the nectssicy-of destroying those on the Red Lise.
Tye Considering the recent growth of the Sabbat and the
Teg ee beueis a mayor inding force within che sect, OF
Wy late, thevhicher echelons of the Gamarilla have
Pa wheasd cumorsthat the Anathema my themselves be
bolting against the sect, making their extermina-
Homma pritmicy.

"The Red Lise ty noestatic. Assoon as an opening
appears che Justicars will meet and debate on wh to
ebte ts the Trophy and her "nominee jr
Ibe foster. The void is never vacant for long. Some:
Times on individual who, has merely offended a

Pe Justicurts adided, This statusts usually temporary, aa
the Alastorcan be in place and ready for tive ki
before the edict is declured.

This practice cust be
tbe Lie whe
chatinels Such open vindictiveness wouldbankrupt

EB Nocwitheindirig,  Juscicat's enemies may find dheis
pesrryofchaiged

ubthe: The Justicar in

[romped against them,

sedidoors, anyone's unlife maybe laid
fon the line. Attimes the threat df heing placed on
the Red List provides un effective blackmail rool to
quench the fires of rebellion oF gaits somed
Justicar covers, Ie iy noe ursual for afew Jastieas w
ausemble their Alastons openly around «

‘enemy and weakly debate her qualificat

added the List, onlyto withdraw:
later, This scare tactic reminds the target of the
power dhe Justicars wield

Irisnotsarprising thar wher
Aiaercey abounds ap
havior until « new unforau

AWamingtoDibolist

For greed, all mature 1 too lite

i¢ on one. As abhorrent
nembers ofthe Camatilla,itbecon
cing with che peculiar mythology sur
rounding tke Anathema. They are the monsters
rilla's bed, frequently
ae a supernatural freakshow, with bloc:

(oy ts sanure.

under the €
have aber

almost demon

Since many of the Anathema are Methuselah,
there are plenty of power-seekers who would risk
heing placed an the List in order to better
generation. If not for the brutul penalties pl:
Diaholists,the Trophy woul be scart cen
‘Gompaiss

The Justicars spread rumors that staked Anath.
emi arouse distrust among them; and that they
watch one another until the victim i truly dex
suoyed. In realiey. they trade and sell Anathema
blood like theydoeverythingelse, and iris suspected
Ghat hey drink of it freely behind thi




mre the

vt principle of our native

Alexander Hamilton, A Full Vindication

When the 1966 rlots to
in the wake of the Sabbar
member Sabbat pack
scenic of estnueatins ati nage th
b iropress them, A mortal ya
after bulldicig
inued Angelo, flewalongan aconcox

other's death at val gang
It eas his 18th birthday sted by swal
lowing or injecting every drug that his fellow gang
members could ger for hirm. In commemoration of
his irmminent gnieide, he led 9 personal campaign
wgainst che city, He howled:
veins filled with
acitated mdésen mica. E
nuld hardly breathe

night to die, the night

dsc the conflagracion,
hat could have
yeatt beat so fast

gan the Fire

Sabbar pack immede a
g through the flames and laughing

wild jubilation. Ay members of
Angelo's yang ran in hoteor, he maiacally jained ii

he Sabbat ritual. The vampire began to playfully

ed, plunging his harids into coals dads
fountains of sparks over the warhpires: They
Jin hideous appreciation

even though he appearedto be
smpires would have preferred
by cemetery, tore atx

lance naked through
4s they lapped his blood from claw-drawn wounds

Angelo hardly felt the

elothing and 1

strugele. His isolation from his
shocked himnowasthe varapinesbrou
stone. Locked inthete grip, he wailed in horror
They slowly drained his blood. The myrtid of
Angelo had swallowed now beg
i chemical sorcery in the veins an
fers. They stumbled about, opedinig wounds
iithedtelvec anid draining thei blond inna Angelate
mouth. with ‘wanton. glee. Some. of cher paisited
body swith their blogd. Sore ell
grave thac they'd dug for their
che pack began buryiewg them. They weit
from wild to wilder ay Angelo was reborn,


aNeped: hie, Sabbue, with oath
F varipltesait cheiuselver to arhapsosy ofchemieals
‘He'serafubled from the atone and bolted from the
rounds, Even as they scuribled after him, be disap

"Tsk weanonymity ofthe smoke-filledscreets.
isthe

‘Alugelohid escaped the pack. The Panders were
bail under thespellof dig thatcould knock out half
fadoren men, and they perished in the rising sun that
thorny.

Weakened and depleted of blood, Ans
efege in an old warely ue: Unknown to him, it was
4 inceting pl Is
frunting foe Cait, which eheir ma red for
a Thoumagurgical experiqient. As Angelo dreamed
Of his take brocher fallity urdet the weight of «
Tbullet, the ghouls ineapucicaced bien with a shaft of

adows, they carried him to the
‘haven Of their masters.

Awaiting the smked Caitiff were T:
Tremere cnnmnbu who believed thae they hud od
Waticed the technicues ot creating Blood Brothers, a
Blgadlline that yan in Europe. Angelo was bmi
{eto thei latest procedun

unable;to move after
the stake was roughly jerked out of his vital organ,
Dies his pralysis he ele every momencof flesh:
Warping agony and sensed the terror of the Other
$Ones: Hisbrotherr-to-be screamed inside rheit twist
ing prifons fflesh. Angeloscemed tohear ther very
thoughts. His head way lifted by ancie:
Jandy as he felt their blood pour dawn his
the‘Fremére'satremprt to bind hien €
Thedeugs Angelohadtakenstill maved through
Ge brain, playing tricks on his mind, He dreamed of
hhis boother again as the screams of the other text
sects echioed thrcugh the haze is his mind, He
itied to reach out to them, to protect them, but he
Angelo emerged from the
fined, physically petfeet in everyconc
[Albe sheer Hawlessness of hisappearance amazed his
EspR00 eres as the repuliive hideous

wal curiously re

ible manner.

iis ara. Sometimes his mun
shapelis beast with crimuon spanks for eyes. Steanger
‘yet. these sparks seem to follow the path of che
attractiveness, which h almost magnetic qual-

ity to his captors, his agility andendurince were

superb, Hizalready heightened senseshad increased,
allowing' him to anticipate blows b
The Trimusce pushed hi to he ends
snes, warving him for blood until he overcame
obscacles they erectéd before him,

The grotesque Brothers were listless. Although
atrongy they were unresponsive to the con
their masters. Repeated attempts t teach them the
Discipline of Sanguinus proved frustrating. Only in
Angel's presence did they seem to animate. 40
times mewling in agitation. To the sinverers, they
Seemed disturbed by Angelo instead of Blood! Bound
to him, Despite their success wich the boy,

concluded that they hod failed with the others. A
debate arose around the desire co destroy the Blood
Brothers; they decided to select a new group for
cher procedures, The debate was fucled by the
dbus falluze to conquer Los Angeles, and th
experimenters prepared for flight to Mex

The changesiin the boy
‘with them, even ifthe other
they could determine ances that mad

hey could reproduce it in
‘others, He pock decided to inearcerate the others in

mear-lockersandstudy them later. The Blood
Beotherawer
roxpor.

A profound change occirred inv Angelo ac the
removal of his brothers. He lapsed, ino te
eilenice; and the ved otts i his aura seemed
at Angelo's captors, They continued to tes
despite thetr own growing unease. His skills n
fied, as did his thirst. They were am

ich blood the hoy consumed, assurminy that he
somehow sensed the s Other Ones
worried, especially when An need to trick

of them nto re

exterminated. If

hhim so dlendly, perhap

ied blood and seemed to lapse into

ng his brodhers. They de
the bayalongwith theabominations
inthe

When they attempted to Dominate him, he
frenaied. In theirhornur, the sorcerers sav the spark
in his aura glare with unholy intelligence. Angelo
Shaken, the
fallen, objects 1
pared co confront Angelo with their Disciplines
The lockerswere
be seen. A furthers
back door!
found

They quickly telephoned th

to find the Blood Brothers a

sunishments for failure

il dhcp but OF uia laboxsacay
sce followed the broken doorsand
the meatlockers where they pre-

and Angelo was nam
1 of the house revealed che

wn although no tracks could be


recovered and spake with anxie
experiment, the éxperimen
he ceiling, Angelo bi
Angelo had merged w
oathsome heat
vi the Subbae ma
ast, burning it hideously
The creature

Snes had
1

they learned of Any

tue secrets of Any

his captorsin the he
at are still trying torascerta
sse. Theubsence of the T
y, They don't kev

but they do know thi

create fi
That did
od off the

packs kinow

cenew Blox

ws At pres

achap
Angelo'

paunced
d Other
J Angelo,
pr

ast of his

k Hand
ro ha
witably
and di
w litle of
xd Broth

sephosis
nrythe
pened in
rcerers Is
Vs part n

his s Purpose ard Nate

elo i the culmination of
an fe magics, although thedrug mixture
ing through his system, during the En
hhimm atypic

Blood Brother: He tea rv
with preternstural instincts, undisciplined despite
abilities he possesses, yetalways learn

ts quickly co any dangerous situation,
fronted by ki

xperiences some remot

y. His diy

pers, both mortal

the subs!
Head:
gentleemotions Hi

he has been at rest for to

‘minds him of his brochers.

omvetitmes, this ean
a bab even aN)
Ji who visually represents the Other One

out against anyone who threate

vmnpice with fice, ferat

img
Angelo possesses control his fre
snore all w
is incopacitated. As
slip out of frenzy
blood) to heal himself. If nor,
frerry until he ean heal. Angelo c
the time he spends
fill his mersory
asciniated with fire. Ie se
rohisexistonice, Heengages

allowing him « J penalties until he

nhs


‘mn titvalistic fire dances whien he fs certai
‘op being observed,

is Modus Operandi

"t

bi

smuidér of hisown brother is tiixing into bist

perceptions. Amyelo will sometimes frenzy
different city than he was bef

attacked or inyuced.
Unknown to the Sabbat at prese
ablliry. contnsl over she f
oforhe: c asuised chis
few be has met at his metcy, and he hash

D evpry onc so far

His Crimes
The Cam:
ale x nuts

ila knows he is making pr They

epines fro "eyewitness" within Clan Tremere

whe mav have can purpo

TheTrophyClan
pout Angelo— primarily, the manifest
dura. They would deutly lave to yet hold of him and
‘study what makes him tick. Clan leack
‘oingall chat they can to get asar
rey This knowledge is kept from che res ne
ca

Angelo after he

vampires in Baltimore. Because of

wonder if
pte. They ae
his blood

real importonice Angelo has co then

Angelo
Apparent Age: 19
Physicals Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Socials Charlama 5, Manipulation 5,

‘Appearance 5

Talents: Athlet
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetw

Carousing 3, Drive 2, Blind Fightin

Firowilking 4,

Ineerrogation 3, Lip Reading 3, Melee 5,
Stealth 2, Survival 5
Knowledges: Los Angeles Knoneledge 5
Military Science 4, Oceule
Disciplines: Celeriey 5, Douninate 2
Fortirude 5, Obfuseate 2, Potence 4, Protean 3
Sanguin issitude 4

wands:
Humanity: 2
Willpower: 8
Blood PoolMax per Turn: 15/3
Image: The quiacessential punk ext
looks ate, i fact, too perfect, lending hitn an inhu-

wppeatance hidesa caleulatin,
teardrop eartag on his left
wn. He wears his: nyt
Quotes "Have'you veen my brother? | billed hin
‘once, bur I chink he's till walking around in the fice
Roleplaying Hints: Be intense, almost vulnerable
bur d connect cox
itlogical manner. All creatures deserve your
None

rigelo has a special affinity for the Blood
Brothers and can control their frensies much like he
can control his own,
fice (7)




When we pass the subways

We bry £0 ignore our fare there

of writen threars om enalles wi

Anne Clark, Our Darknes

Khan only (wo years to utterly devast,

every person they came: upon, Ral

They caprured her and proclaimed her to be the

ugliest woman to have ever lived.
She was mken ro Sarat where Tem
Khan of Khans, held court, Here, as with any »
were allowed co see the Khan, she had
and crawl up the long approach to his th

nntire court, Paring, with herface pre

s the court jecred at het

Amuwed, the che woman that she

nilice apo the dead. He

Lb allowed ninsidethe

his simple edict also granted her his

for the Khan's wrath would fall on sy
She crawled backwards out of the room, then

collapsed with exhaustion. Guards took her away

and gave her « place to

the eourtier plates durin

lay for the amusemes

died, bi ons divided his ki
them, Undei, inherited Rabbnt and quiekty tumed

her out
possibility of
caring for herself, she went to find a place to

Sabanu, a Nosferaru elder workis

Yaga, soak note of R fortitude in the face of
torment. He decided it would be amusing to grant
lay there, b for him tn allow her to dic, he
er. Her frightful visage and frail body

even mote ghastly
her there, proceedinygan his

She cursed htmashe le

Hert

uit adapt she did. She
senge against the Mongols, forsheh
lived ard life and accepeed what had!

held back from feet

il dhe frensiod ond


ceeded west
(A Useded complered the subjugation of the
© Chtimempire: Rabbac moved ever westward. Duting
the day, she would dig into the ground just before
dawn She learned co nurvive thewilds, avoiding the
Gacou; Oriental vampires and the marching Byzan
tine Criaders who wete caervine leprosy Back to

Z see

at lost herielf i Consnmsetnople for the

Aext-cenn ‘Other Kindred, frightened: by her

tonedrance, skirted her. The Nosferaru of the city

discovered her, and after learning who st nd her
sitesere, they brought her under the protection of
the clgn: There she remained, serving the clan, until

the and toate of ber peets were called wo P

Rabbat gained some prestige

aivian elder from Inquisition forces
fespectamony her own clan.and the secret admitn
‘ion: Malkavians ‘She ad

hiough the Nosferatu ranks because «

By) saving nem
P _outfoxu

of the clan timeand t
ne agents of the Inquisition

‘The Black Deathdevase
‘of Rabbat's

<dEurope atthe
influence. Although: many. van
was fouled by
thedisease. As the Pliyue slew o third of England's
sre than 75 nillion peaplerthrotgh
rope, Kindred begun canéending with one
imnother for pure vessels. Rabat showed no such
ified tasteand dtank the palluted Blood
3 From Prague, Rabbae'
P ebieré the became a clan teader ind
ie Herstay, ».Kindred-specific dlaease, known at that
Times the Scourge, appeared. Rabbarhad created a
progeny who had the plague, and ic
disease in a way that could enfeebl
piugeny passed it along uneil ewe city's
Rabbar was personally immune, but the Block Death
.hadtfirmly crossed over intothe world of the undead,

the blood of their kin

cated the
mpites. Her

sickness

sin Venice wee under
issued by ce Caununillaaned supyenced
‘by the Giovanni, who had traced the sickness to her
Progeny and destroyed them, She fled, exiled from,

hhet clan and from the last society chat

Tp

scruples to simply exist: She by
red tence and attempe
flee from the terrible g

Id ever

cide ew
ofthe sun, Once arespected member afher

Assheispersonally immune tothe dissases
he caries (hybeids of bubonic plague and leprosy),

ler Nature

Rab Jot wandering. She will do ulmost

J Macy wha spreads disease wherever

anything to avoid attention, but she desperately
craves acceptance. Once a proud att
clan, shewould nawdoanything tos
in the lowest capacity, Unfortunately, she bei

ting close enough &

tobe

snortals, anal plays che monster with ute

before gorging herself on their adren:

Inlood. She has made progeny, bur they
pp ila

"fevobstpeal i

Rabat rravelsconstantly. Because her veryptes
huntson the run. Becauseshefoarsherowncl
The van is pe

id ro shield her frown the day. She robs gas
seunwenience stares, arother 4-H.

nth, making away with money

ae always
mes This done
her to a preplanned
Here, after terrorizing the victim for the cruelty she
hhas endured (and the beauty thar dhe victim
pesca) him, Afterfeeding, Rabbar
burt thi boxy inorder to leave

Crimes and Diseases

Fleas that transmitted the Black Death
rope during the 14ch century stil live on Rabb
body. They ate, in essence, tiny ghouls who F
bbeen transformed and made voracious with her ow
blood. They are the reason she still cares che
gue, transmitted to her by her own progeny. Irs
1 blood which causes the dscase ta
Kindred. Exterminaring these vermin would be
easy manner; vampire Mood has made them sy
premely
perature. They will, like any ancient
wither, age and
The disease rs
Plagucy bt i ifr

daprable to their environment

acembinatkan of leprosy an
sy ananifests che Bt

virulent and kills sft.


J, itacts on the blood, effectively raising the
n of the victim while lowering the Dlood
which becomes more and more
h- The final result is@ corpo from whic
i ted: the body abso
fests asa disfiguring malady,
bur does not become so extreme as to. actually
W the victim. ‘The Storyteller should fee! free
Je how quickly the disease aces

‘eases, the leprosy tna

eve a cure if he has caught the disease.
Rabbhat has been the target of a Blood Hunt fot
J be highly unlikely for most vampires: Those
w live on the streets tun the risks. Obviously, no
o the Camarilla isin any burry co go-into the
victim,
focused
ye Camauilla
aufilciens forceco her destroccion,

is following Rubbar's trail.
ntal infec-
«the stores Rabbet hay feequerived,
scarlons whete her fintortal fleas were left behitid
the leas

-whosts. Although not intellige

lire: vornciously hungry, highly adaptable and eae
able of jumping huge distances because of thete
lunnatural state, Although they are

Rakbar, som ee behind

Th eto y Clan

‘own clan has granted Trophy on hen,

dntisabout texpize. The Noster
havetior lifted s finger co hunt her. Secretly, they
discussing che possibility of Rabat being che cla

ultimate weapon against the Antedilavians: and

uu, They may sooty arrange refuge £9 het

for her needs and Keeping her safe until

n endure under the

is concentrated among the

fans are considering a way (0 elie

Inquisition, They may be the only clan

that has not conveniently forgotten what Rabbat

did for them. The Sabbst are not aware of het

nce. Should they discover her, they woul

ly rally a massive effort to make sure she is

ished, as they are more vulnerable to dis?

eases, Perhaps they would see Rabbat as a: way of

gaining an edge in their bactles with the Camarilla
‘The rewards could well ourweigh the cost


Clan Nosferaru
‘Allasi, Cloacins, the Sewer Gockless
Sire: Sabsnu, servieat of Baba Yaga
Nature: Sycophant
Demeanor: Poltroon

tboid Mary

Strength 4, Dekeetity 5,

ception 5, Intelligence

Views:
Courage3
Talents:
Skills: Aniinal Ken 4, Disguise 3, Dr
Mechanic 4, Repair 3, Scealth +
Knowledges:
Linguistics 4, Medicine 2,

Alertne

5, Streetwive 4

Wits 4

Empathy

ography 3, History 3, Kindved:

Disciplines:
Celeri

2, Dominate 2, Fortinude 6,
Obfuscace 5, Potence 4, Protein 2
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 7
Image: Rabo i

one of the uglie
oday. Any mortal seeingher face must
make a Willpower ificulty 7) or gain a de-
rangement, She bundlesherself into alot of clothing,

welersing hats and scarves (even in the summer),
wal

Het eyer ane ye
inst n difficulty of 5 to look he

svereniige in fit
power roll
face),

Quoter "PI

case don't éome any clover. Pl m
Roleplaying Hints: Bow and serape if you
will get yoo anywhere.

Haven: Her van
Influence: None
Rumors: The disease you carry ts always fatal (T)
you are fascinated with fire (T); you have ea
many fires (F
following your




Logha, who i in my oum'phor, you who carry the flag
{you who ell prutece me from the sun,
ha, who is in my otam' ph
w echo all protec che lous from the sun.
— Milo Riad, Secrets of Voodoo

Herlife

Bora in the middle of the 17¢h centity an altar The altar was the ghiveatone 6
West Aftican Ashanti culture, Genina lived fre for mun buried there, As she watched from sec
ly ber first five years. Portuguese slavers abducted woman appeared from the surrounding
het and her family, eventually selling them an Jas She was a hideous creature, a thing whose
rmaica. Here, among the uprooted people from the skin hung like rags from her peeled should
Kingdoms of Benin, Luba, Hausa and Dahomey, the stench was overpowering. As she emerged, accom-
b Frencl company that bought her branded her, and panied by acloud of lies, the worshippers went into
she began her life of servitude. frenzy, dancing and walling in adulation.
wally transported to Halt, she began her horror; Genina watched as the woman
ing the sugarcane fields on the Cul-de-sac Plain. drew one of the children ta her and tore open his
Within a year, she could speak and understand het heoat with. lon The monster made
French captors, as well ax others who tilled the cane . sasshedra he rancically
and softly murmured the name of Baron Samed
ney said the Lord of theCemereryhad heen br:
from Africa in a box by the French. On Haiti he
Killed hiscaptorsand escaped into the Masif -c. Wheat the wom
cetemonies perforined under the noves of the Above he, cclipsing the moon, was thé binit
le creptinto a cemetery asa rite begun around — He lifted Genina up, looking into het frightened

ollomaan.

black eyes. He whispered thar he was Baron Samedi
sand that she was now his chile, She fainted.

Awakening, Genina found! herself i a ieausifil
oon which moved witha geritlesway. She feleseead
plover her as she real on another
ips This was afar cry from the'tave ship tha baud
bev
by countless African treaiues — ivory and bron:
cast figurines, feather of exotic birds and green
‘obsidian spears

In Europeans
Baron and thew

wher here, f

i lay tna soft bed, surrounded

ling strangely healthy and strong,
dsc
mani asleep. Theve we
oon the lips of the woman. Genina w
oud the room until the polished surface of a
tmittor caught her glance. Peering: into it
paralyzed with horror. Her color was
‘away. Her body seemed to be rotting. As she hug
herself in horror, foul juices seeped out of the skin
and Fan like yellow, syrupy sweatdown her body. Her
already thin forma was now horridly gauntand shriv-
led. She could see her sunken
skull. She sereamed and se

= framed by her

armed, but

ernie i
learned was his sister Brigette, ever explained why
they sited Genin med quickly not vo ask
i@ueseions.: She re immediate enmity ftom
Brigette, The older woman constancly te ised the
néonace when her sire ws away, Comering and
pin, She woald starve Genina neatly s9 the point of
frenzy, or tie her to the mas
t08#8, bringing her down below just before the beams:

the son tually burned her dk

the ship was out

‘Whenithe ship was moored, Genina was k
hidden away, She never saw anyone bur the m
ehildren that he
devour. Beigite's
root imide

oments, she was

held for the strength and

ance of the Samedi bloodiin

Genina learned the Discipline
i, finally, Thanatows

id appearance of

Necromancy, Obfuscation
manipulation of th

beat her, le

‘of purple welts,

riss-crossing ma
wf her to master the powers
crved most ofthe time, Geninawasmade toeat
refuse of skin that fell from her rocting governs
dred and schooled her in the Discipline called
(Chimerstry. He had learned his talent, he confided.

16 0 price for
vampires, He explained that although the
Kindred hated their bloodline, the
bodyguards and feared them. Fea
ously, should always be the cape that Genina wore
when she stepped our.

Je next century, the Followe
advantage of the discord caused by
War, which broke out as.a result of the Frenc
Revolution. Genina's sire and his evil sister were
py the Sandsnakes. Qui

rly, she we

Abandoning the floating haven, she tled ‘av
the interior of Haiti (o.a bauxite mine. Within a

E Lor —a group of revolutionaries
cit leader, Toussaint 'Overcure
hatred of the French and the legacy of her
Rachel used her Obfuse

whespoke

ice. Galvanized

ap
{om co follow L'Over
Seeredly,shtheyan vo aid him in his strug sainst
the French, using herpowersto kill without ew

Forthe most part,she was succesful becanse she

Was largely unknowns, The Setites noticed her
vention and sought her out, The ceyolurie
ons dive abolistuuent of slavery, und, tx

WOvernute became ta be the leader of an aun
‘mous governmenc. Genina kept oue af sigh
adopted "father" expelled the foreign for
ser her Chimerstry Di
she wore betise her En
ach captured Oven

beyun toappear tohiny i ths illision of

of tempering her developing p:
cruelty, Only

LOv
his ideals. Her

twisted her, however, anclahy

month later, hovwever, her ado

ntinFrance

and leaving her victims as vivid macabee

For the next century, she preyed! upon Haiti's
cenemues, even after the country gained indepen:

es avoided her. seving

cof the Setites

sored, thechiacsth
nent for th

d formed
Serites. They could alw
later, when they had mote resources

envi
with

assumed power With his tonto

the despot and his


urpose

nator spy grew up
‘oud tet. Geeaina save th
maple


1970s;she began composing verse, which st
Meavesinear hee victims. These always allude to the
their habits, phils
Welans, such as the

existence of vag
even clues to dif
and the Giovanni. She blames these twe
forthe creation of het awei especially since neither
Will take the credit. Styeatill fours other Kindred, and
underestimates her own power

Hepvicuims ute always moctal, generally those
whe phisicaly or sexually abuse childven. She uses
Tier seduetion alls on devant humans to get them
otake herto their homes. Thee she will tick them
Jntciprorecring hes, fuliliny their fantasies through
ie fllusions, then sleeping in the house the next
by The} gext night she takes hee "parents" out
aomewhere,cerronzes them almore the point of

bheartSelure, chien brutully murders themand begins
aypew seulprue in les

Lately, Genina hus: yained » fascination wich
Tive'teleyision cam

SShé uses her Chimerstry to manipelate the scene of
aggrime and canteol the witnesses. TRIb gives her a
thnll ofpower; and whas nor gone unnoticed by the
Glovanal ond Venceve, Riddles fascinate her, und
Abe intensity to expove the Kindred has meearoor
FPhosed Inco u gauwe. Keays ake (in hier opinion)
fue brilliance to decipher her, clues. When nat
seekinigavicssn ike most of her bloodline

Su Hercrnes

The Camarilla only now underta
«in Haiti foro ade a big
villzed World. She hay travele
Sand hat commitred vile:raurders in almost every
iidaseea| ‘city. The Camamtla docs nat y
koow chat Genina isa Samedi She has ed th
> zmisthlicthat bloodline, however She tecsthe
FUE thetfint of the vampites to be
genocide, and having
fear other clans have of the
The Justicacs will probably
ihe Red Lise when. ic ireorg
‘Anathem ssliving, Unni chen, they are forcing the
(Giovanni te help them squelch media report of her
stant preach
> etigies. Whatheydo not realize, degpite theieanaly-
‘iss phar Genina's ed poetry i writen in her own
Hood

ws how dan
ng, she has e

destroyed

se hier higher cin
d afeer the next

Trophy Clan
here: leave fered the Trophy to show

has made some underworld connections

in a group called the C

int, possibly the Japanese

at from

Dexterity 7, 'Starmina 4
a'3, Manipulation',

Appearance 0

Mental: Percept ce 6, Wits 7

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Contra

Courage 4

Talents: Acting Artistic

Expression 3, Beaw! 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 4,
imidation 4, Leadership 2, Poetry 3, Seduction 4

Streetwise

al Ken f, Dancing 2, Disg
Talk 6, Performance 5, Stealth 5.

Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Children's
Literature 5, Occult'; Psychology 3,
Spirit Lore 2, Theology L
Auspex 4, Celerity
iuude 3, Necre
Potence 3, Presence 1, Proc
Backgrounds: Herd 3, Resainers 5

: form is idigous
putreicent voting conpse-child, She
c sy and Dom
around her
‘Quote:

"Hey mister, can you rake me




Tyger, Tyger bnering br
Fly me to the zoo.

You satisfy mu

me home at might

—Hanover Fis, "The Tyger"

hislife

Urof the Chaldees had risen and fallen dn the
the Sumerian Kindred. While. stiose
» rede pascures, sorme re
i plory. In 2200 BC
er Wastrestored after invasions rom
Gangrel Antediluvian rerumed and buile a iggurat
oty 0 : fe

athe cl
b entending

micdtorelive
he glory of

east the
the 00m. become
adefensible fortress with a view
ower the vast plain,

kid, « mortal, was hors in a small ville
ety, the child of @ poor family who
tended hhis father's flocks: During the night, he
times he
heard serange whispers or mugic from the stones of
the Avnigh

citys

watched the Heavenly M

jong the
wes seemed to watch
es warching caged
ice from level to

the activity of th
bie

gliding with impossi

the Heav
he slept, aif
saly inches from his faces, Some
wsthe lips ofa woman would seer
sinst his; ore often, the dagger-Iike

nimnat hovered
Js swimming

ew, Enkidu became pri
pat seered to glide down co him from
aly Mounmin. His now: ting!
thing Leu

dy to press

pove his pulsing throat,
» mud, their rage

swould be spilling light on the temple. Evenif hei
he would sense them sandingon
at him.
long as he could.'Ar laste
summons of the Heavenly
toUr, Whateverhe expected
in the dark at the biick of
tnals were brutally sacrificed to the moon god: He
enituted close to the walls of che giggurat, defying,
hin. The Heavenly Mountain ignored
ness i extended to
humanity. He sensed its artogamce, its
contempt for the men and wonién who swarmed
taround it. He sold his flocks and lived among the
stench, among ediness that the
prided themselveson. He

star

each passing day, and ro despise th
Heavenly Mountain with each sulle

He tried to leave, bur the dreams would then.
recould

n race. Only

ren him with images of a wild feroc
‘oe comprehend. He detested his 0%
animals, innocent of ambition and
solace. He watched in hatred as the in
tures were led toslaughter on th

sod, and he grieved for them
ht, he saw the favorites af the god, ik

nthe rop of the temple, drift


The
Jarkness
flesh. In

women waited for him in the
J for their cold claws rend by

BS the'erics of beasts whi
logs ke-saw the prelatory women of the temple
se thelr plabaster akin, ns i seeking wiceth
Within the drunken heat of humas revelry. They
ippinted their claws at him, nodding a one ancither
seo The Ganigrel led him to their god. The Anted

eckoned hin to fotlow them,

down through the labyrinth of rauel brick, It soelles

‘of cool blood and anim

thocked to find vaguely

led, waiting for death

luvtuy rested in the shadows, trembling ss it under
file

He cursed them, biit they hurled their Laight
eruiggled in tage so great thac he

music and bestia
ies with intensity an °
tories sue fu broxght him, Enid unserstood, He

stale

Away his We. He stole weapon and raced to. the

ficent walls. Spears showered revealed that he was changed, The other Gangrel

the mge of the god
Dusk come over the city as Enkidu reached the

Their master, the Antediluvian of heir clan
held within its body a creature af powerful malice

peak of the Heavenly Mountain,
crowned

nal by Ser, a dark god of far-away
Egypt. The crearure was destructive and hi
blood. The Anreilavian
powers of

ported by pillars: The wind moved up

ete, and the city's stench was we ing the
aked blade and

(d icimprisoned with xs

Animalism, preserving the creature's lif

wasthe lastasimal of itskind in the work

The Anrediluvian held oher rare creatures ca
sh, These, the Gangrel tuld En
given to his care

within the
would be
The Gangrel trained Enkidu for a century
the city wasas by the Setites and their al
including Semitic peoplesfrom the lands now
Iran and Syria. The Typhonian Beast seemed to
call tothem as Enkidu ste within
his body us his dire cayebe burn:
bloody, bringing an end to the fase Sumerian golden
The Gangrel battled and fell back against the
erted effort of the Followers of Set. Enkidis
give with hatred, seeing all of the

retrieve the Typhonian Anita, the Setites pressed
him, but Enkidn's rage made: him: monstrous
Wounded, he escaped the Setices and vanished into
the night as Ur burned

Over the centuries, Enkidu wandered, hunting
Kindred and hrimans without remorse. He gave the
Kindred blood wo the rare ghouls carried wichin his
huge bulk. Many times, he felt exhausted berond his
endurance as they sruguled to fee themselves: The
Typhonian Beast constantly sought to escape. He
wandered for millent
world, and he learned the ways
vecretsof the

spread over the
cs and the

J every night 1
ast under his

malevolent Typh
‘own will, He bottled Setites who chanced to find
hits, and his alceady profound hateed of them grow
to new depths, More and more, he began to hunt
Although h

encountete ingeel, he would ne

bisPupose

Enkidu learned in the wilderness that only by
holding onto his humanity could he contin
contain the Typhonian Beast. The awful vengeance
he directs coward the Secites con tly threatens
this. Enkidu is the savior of ancient, unique crea-
tures, He keeps them immortal on vampire blood,

Id caro his Humanity, be has spl

form himself inte this form and mai
civilized areas. This female form, led Sabrina,

hehunts chem down in the more bestial Enkidu fora

lis Nature

Enkiduean bec

but only when

wing ndividual,

ures. He
Wasa monstrosity which feeds on the

spiditsof those whodwell there. Hedecests thenoise,

fileh and spoor of the h ids the

Go all costs, not wishing to barrie

although he has no such compunctions where Gla

Walkers and other city-divelling Lupine

-emned, Over che centuries, he has grown toa

He guacds these ghouls with absolute ferocity. He

keeps the Typhonian Beast on 2 tight

size, and h

Whenever Enkidu isconfronted by asituat
requires the firvesse of that splinter personali

ied up in that other self

"fisvods Opera

Enkidu remains close enough to lang

supply of Kindred btood ro
Many of them run with him on his

him while hesleepsduring the dayy

animals,

have a reliab
ghouls ali
huntsand,
He freque
such as elephants and rhinos,

zoos, sleeping within ta

The Seticrewantroeecure the Typhonian Best
believing that it can actually lead them t9!See
himseli. The Beast complicates Enkidu's unlife
through its Auspex, calling co Serites in the area pf
the Gangrel. He keeps this evil creature starved

keeping the Typhonian
mes to consider killing it
ission for it transfers the Blame to the:

Shin may

3 instead. He believes that che extermination
that bloodline would free the Typhoniant Beast

from ts corruption, He

Crimes

involved with hunting within cities. Interestingly
enough, the modem Gangrel are Enkidu's gree
i
Janger prompted the Camorill:
Red athema's position on the Lise
7 he Camuarilla believes that he
isnot much more than an sn
not knowabout che Sabrina form, nordo the G
wast would like iwsee dee Now

al himself

asthiey call


a) put higher onthe Lit. be ths for
Baye Been dnable to corwince the other clans. To
Bie Conacila, « bea 6 noe so dangerous as 3
AY palitcally aegive criminal
Trophy Clan
. "Thé Gangrel have cliimed Trophy on the
Reo Ettkidus since they, pressed.so fervencly ro getiit,
included cn the Red Lat. "There i a slight schism
*wtoorentiecHicrsot the Gangielassothevaluecot the
BayNoah, Somme sec only the blood spilled by the creo.
© tute (tach of itamone thelewn clon); exhers see
WOuibex sciunca tacked male Esk fish
{THe Sebbat.gre-just beginning co understand
Bitar shelFkido ts, and ifthey deeeve iu, they wil

niion,

The Capines have hud almost na contact with
Hiimousie of the' citién, Enki in. well-versed
Thipine Lore and habits. For, this reason, b
‘With Goniparative cate through wilderness src.
"The Sette cémider Enid to be amon their
sptiity objectives: He holds prisoner a ghoul ere
Wea herwally lead them to the Antediluvian. S

B tothe uleimate pr
See

dy
RESCiay: Gangel
SATs The:Naih, Sabrina

the apporeuniey todiablerize

19ez Survi
| Generations 4th
eth Uodeterinbe

Appearance 0 (+ in Sabrina aspect)
Iie Mental Perceprion 9 Intelligence 5, Wits 6
Virtbes: Conscience 5.

‘Talents: (Noah) Alertness 8; A
Brant 9, Dodge 8, Empathy 3, Intimidation 6,
Mitylery,9, Scranging 4

(Sabrina) 'Alériness 2, Brawl 3; Dodge,
aapschi 4s Inginidarion 2 Suneerfage 2,
Streetwise 4

Skills: (Noah) Animal Ken 9, Body
Alteration 9, Hunting 9, Stealth 8,
Swimming 3, Tracking 7.

(Sabrina) Actohaties 4, Acting 2, Body
Alteration 3, Camoufl

(Sabrina) Facrie
Naturalist 7
Disciplines: (Both) Animalicmy 9, Auspex 2
Celerity 7, Fortiude 8; Obeal 3, Obfuscare 5
Fotence /; Protean' 8, Vactsitude ©
(Sabrina only) Thaumatuegy 3 (Weather
Contiol 3)
Backgrounds: Allies
Humanity: (Noah) 4
Willpower: 9
Image: The Noal isa gigantic bestial thing, never
appearing the from one night ta the n
Its eyes are white. The Sabrinn aspect

ian with shore black Ivar and disturbing
blue eyes. She
find ufter emerging
the sounds of ane
since fallen to extinction)
Roteplaying Hints: (Noah) You the most pow
erful predator the world has ever known. Yo
Your peey in silence, without remorse or 6
never harm animals, among whom you

4 Lupuie Loxe 5,

Retainers 5

rina) 7

4s whatever clothing
the dominant personality

| mimicry, er ating

‘monstrosities that have long

yourself
(Sabrina) Youare friendly toa fault. You pu
‘on aking alliancese Speak very softy
Haven: Zoos

Notes: Enkidu's extra levels of Aniatalism make
hun ex
communicace with all animals who ¢

ly arcrnctive to animals, allow hitn to
hear him
fuinmon all the animale near him, and meqpe ani

we Sabin.

levelof Vicissitude allow him to stee
Your to natures ace a mated pat of
ce creatures (F); you hune Gangrel without
provocarion (F); your aur seen to sing ar chant
(T}; you've lived a lony cme in Canada (T); youare

‘emified of fire (F):




I fine my deli forthe nhs,
Ugh in pars come passing by where I hide

to help me close my eyes one more time

"Living 1 Boy's Adve

ls ie

ieee years ag, C amemberot

onvot the Seelie facri

B Sadbh to her nanutal form. She did not return to
Acadia, howeyer, haying mated with Fino, a Fianna
heir happiness wos shattered when the mage
ain captured Sadbh, and she disappeared fo
m the world, Finn and his pack, after ah
arch, happers
indians, kept the p
reengnised the child as his ov
hhomid back with hina
(Ossi hid inherited the powers fis kind, and
against the Ws

child's
He brought the

he also became a powerful singer-
ate, andl together they raised their
ea great warrior as well
her was dedtined to outlive sor, who fell in
the kattle of Gubhra against che minions of
Dotrche.
the wizard until he was discovered by the
ally, Niamh. She ticked him intoteavelling into the

his rage, Ossian hunted

erplacesof Arcadia. There he liv
for more thanacentury ashistribe beg

a prisonée

desperately against che forces of the Wyrm.
Niamh. ignored Ossian's demands to be re

to visions of be

ark inf
id again to pet a ehild from bien,

Which prevails
attempred
brut to mo aval
Ph, he was able yo call pri is totems
to escape
and find his way theo: ers back into his
awn land. Restrained by spirits, Niamb hurled a
‘gurse at himvand screamed that
thermore, he was to beat the weight of
fron his w
a hundred years had passed)
dt e sil, che ity
pain coursed through his body
In Homid forra, he was bent and fragile. This ache
could not compare to the camps of his bungee fee

y ted fur tumed.as
white os wi


not bine eaeieee the Diseiplines learned during the
sndangered the ribeshis drinking c ! hunger sural, even fora phou!. {thas ¢
vowing tevengecn thetrib at" RIM to acquit reaive list of Kindred
onivert the old min to Cl ‘ wie cas Boal gave hun,
(Ossian. He raged, and er aggravated wounds th
essed, he killed her liserally had his life
The nun had beer vamp er |, Svat desplee the, fe be cipnure
Wise fed the curse, makitye him f

pulbsion, the rewards of the blood im hie travelling ca
seductive, He resigned himselfto under
damnation and separation from Gata under Spiral

ed malediction. He

Hispurposes

(Ossian is perperuilly ghoul, and a g-time enemy Niamh. She is


Know why she must hive this metis, but Niamh has
atened her with hideous punishments if she fails.
the early 1960s, Ossian b
young warrior within
child,although he hadrol
‘behind rather than ery

hisModusOperandi

strange hypnotic
fiect that paralyzes Kindred who see it. How long
this lusts. depends on the Willpoweribt thetodi:
Vidual. She must muke a Willpowcr roll (difficulty 8),
-d for the first round. A'borch may
actually work coche player's advantage, éeiding her
tnto 0 frenzy and éauing her to flee in borr

hurman
pause atid
With her, he
veherandhis
hem, He
lenow thitche hae

Ma and

Niamh's curse, Ostian's aur

Ossian uses this patt ofthe curse as an advanage
inbishunting, tending to pursue Malkavian, Torea
remefe vampires, as they are toee npr to
themselves by reading his aura.

is Crimes

Besides his hutiting of Kindred (which would
most vampires and keep them out of his
way), Ossian indirectly draws attention agin
Gmou_ wherever he goes, After he v
his food 1s more plentiful,

hin. The Comacil
extent, this trie. Ho
ha the Lupines want, Ofcourse,
he rravels only under Ossian's proceetion.
Thus, to ease the danger to Kindred w
werewolves getstrred up ancl come yur
the Comarilla has added hity to the Red L
uve been notbleeimflicesin Mibwaskee because of
This presence, in addition tthe local presnures al-

Trophy Clan
The Gangrel have taken on the Trophy simply
pending with the Assamites, a th they have yet
about Blanca as the rest of the Camazillag

wer tulsed sinonig the Childten of Gaia. He

‘The Sabbar haves
leeops Ossian away from the sect. This

prevent Ossian frombunting Sabb, especiallywhent
his toed is gre sof the Kintyd bloodline

dealings wich Blanco, wi®

‘with ng one else,
Thelupine involvement
‘Soine Garou who Know Ossian would piey bitin
ifhehad not unknowingly joined forces
‘Now, she is their ne target, they
spare the ald ghoul, if only becau
dispatching warriors toscouthis position. The Fianna
and the Children of Gaia toil in locating'
rites and spirits: Ichrim Moonshadow; a large black:
‘quest to destroy Blanes and will not hesitate to kil:

The Wendigo of Canada have summoned forth
a White Manitou to seek and destroy Osstans they
have seen omenswhich lead them ro believe tharhe
ed for corporeal incamation by the
Wyrm. the White Manitou is kepeat bay by Blanca‘s
own impressive skills, but during full moons, ity
strengeh neatly o os even her
The Ukrena and Red ‘Talons know ofthe
‘Manitoo's summons and also plot to find and kill
Ossian's son, Seeker to prevent the Wyrm from
from the old to the young and strong. The
Children of Gaia believe there break the
curse, and they will attempr a peaceful surrender
with Ossian if they can. They keep this secret. They
will re C0 er Blanca,

Ossian

Garou Tribe: Fians

Auspice: Galliard
Breed: Homid
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Survivor
Apparent Age: mid-4
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Seam
M Perception 4, Intelliger
Virwes: Conscience 1. Seit-Ci
Courage 5

Talents: Alerine

Intimidation 5. Leadership 5, Mimicry 2


Skills: Animal Ken 3; Boating 2, Carousing 3.
Honing 4. Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealeh 3, Survival 5
Tracking 3
‘Knowledges: Facrie Lore 5,1
Naturalisy 3, Occult 3, S

ne Love 4
ret Lore 2,

Spit Lore +

Disciplines: Animaliin |, Auspe

Fortitude 2; Obfuscate 1, Potence 2

Gifts: (1) Mindspeak, Resist Toxin, Small of Man;
{(2) Distractions, Glib Tongue, Howlofthe Ba

(3) Sop of Rage; (4) Bilot's Gaze

Bocksrounds: Allies 1
Humanity: 2
Willpower: U0
Rage?

© Gace 4

nia)

‘Opian's Homi foem igthat of av olderman
reddish haitsadeeply wrinkled ace wnnd
Emetakd-yrcen eyes In his Cinos foata, he is ove
sine fet call, with silyery fue highlighted by a red
PY shie: His age is evident even in this form,

Quote: "f only want alice bit of your blood, fad

Eighe pints will do nicely." (allo ikon

Roleplay und ilare a

Haven:

Influence: None

Notess I'youare using Werewolf: The Apocalypse,

then Ossian's Crinas form and Gifts act normally. i

not, then remember thar his Physical Tra

imn-chat form and thar he can use his Rage to
tionsin acum. Additionally, his Gifts allow

telepathically communicate with a cumber

anway dice from his taget's Dice Pools, make people

hat they want, and make everyone around
nay or double over in pain.

The Gatou are gut to wipe you out (T,

pending om the tribe); you have been cursed (T);

you are travelling with a ine which the

‘only one): you are warped by the W:
magic did this to you): you have wa
Gatou Gifts (F),




Death is gi

fo

and into dhis fe, where one thing Preys sipon another

the chitd 1o0

on males tts ensrance from the tad

her's compse.

— Robert Louis Steverison, Pan's Pipes

-out her lights and fires on the
nightofOcrober 10, been reported
150 dissticts, with the outer regions
he heaviest pounding: Dylan Bruce sat in
asandbag-lined wench alongthe ThamesasGermany
planes whined overhead and dropped incendiary
deks and oil bornbe i
be agrim nighefe
nsdon— although he w
ures chag he hud beers Lignans foe Use kage contr
years than to the Luftwatte

re vulnerable to the

Hiis father was-a. simple laboret who worked
London's Hampstead Heath
g the Munych Crisis of 1938. The British were

ng trehches

abeady anticipating heistilithes with Nazi Germany

Having just reach 18 years of age, Dylan toiled ta

build the air raid sheleérs with his facher and friends
a vampire. A surprised Brujah opened hereyes

ke from her disturbed torpor ravenou

+, sill grievously wounded by abattke she

ificred with Lupines two centuries before: The

ourof che soil itself and elamp into his fa

the assaulted the vampire unt

hispick s
ate
the woostenshaft in herheart: She was immobilixadi
He sar shaking as two of his childhod friends, Jan
and Herbert, witnessed the unimaginable Believing
thé woman dead, the three boys pulled the wooden
nde out sind in a shatlew
grave

Dylan himself was beginning t
had seen with hisown eyes, conclid
rmurdeced 9 w

loube whae he
yg tha he had
‘ho had somehow been butied
\s soul At

alive.-t shook him-to the depths

happened. Cooly rational, Dylan bimselfeonsigned!
his father's body to the bottom. of che Thames

‘The sporesof pullr grew inco dak nightshade li
the boys' minds. Dylan would hear his

sly inaviring searchers for her husband's
whereabouts, and was torcured with dreams 6f fis
father accusing him from the bottom of the cold
fiver. His friends fared io: becter, and eventuilly
Herbert went to the police:

The men listened co the incredible tale of the
boy. Returning to the Heath, they found nothing
stood on its bank with his distraught morheras they.
dredged the Thames, still deny) inc Hebei)
had coniessed) He felt icy fenr rin thenugh his bowes
ashe realized that he had failed to kill

Ganueliow,

who he was


‘ight and let the reality of their woe!
ended hig next year institutional

Tie knew should have been killed, Hi
unter wat bern on the nighe his accused
Humot hilling fils father: He Jeft homie in pursuit of
befonehe was sighted by
list. TO a8 Sl,
me 4 sympathetic ear to the boy

Bedidn'thave fart
at Infernal. Di
itherine be

araptres were evil bey

ing hitn the weaknesses of the Kin
innos at he still possessed a

wecame a hunter, Hi
ply dramatic, gaining the
la in the vine
d not revealed himself to the
ven in killing ewo of their menabers, Dy

alue in her eye an p

ignceed what h
st in the occult
Katherinefinally revealed her identity asa
ber of the Sabbat and told hin af ehe rewar
ect. Horified, Dylan went into a frenzy
yeart, Knowing
J,he left


blackout all lights'to confuse the Luftwatfe
of London's Kindred frenzied in ter

od as globes of fire wrapped in black

uted aver the city. The wisest sequestered
themselves in deepshelters. Dylan huneedamongthe
catmiage, showing no mercy to thelgmonsters that ran,
about like animals lecing from aforestfire. Hekilled

word of his fury and miadiie
he night of Ocraber
xc vulnerable state. The Geen

ed mto Londun, tive the sore

wasn hi
had pen:

Up to this point, Anne, the Queen of London,

avoided Dylan, Now, wich the death toll of the

him wayan exergise in futility. He would only
continue to successfully penetrate the Kindred's se-
érets. She contracted Assamites to carry our the hit
thesante nie
would, ironically, be destroyed while walking ovee a
bomb that had niot exploded on

The Assamite whoedok the contract.

Dylan lef his place of saferyto make
ion, which was serving a8 abomb shelter. He found
het in theit house, brutally besten and dear

blood. The rage and quilt left him without sensation
Dylan wandered, his spirit broken. He stumbled
2 world of damnation and guile After th

nne decided to

inatate the ‘prchibicion'‘on sonenet Sich (Dylist

Beuce, She had managed to destroy large numbers of
he Anarchs and Sabbat after che confusion of the
its, but asthe Butish people rallied. against the
rmans, it became prudent for the Kindred to keep
n, She hoped that Dylan would lose interest in

crusade or be destroyed by che war
few years, Dylan: wandered the slums of

London. awaiting death from the

sought it. Ironically, Anne's decree saved him from

aswell, bur she was nowhere tabe found. T

haglco withdraw from London due to Anne's scourge

kistnlle

ughehisn out. After Embe wand

icing deep, secter commands ig the recesses of

¢ disappeared again, Horcfied, ancl

driven by orders he did nor remember, Dylan left

itain and sertled in France. He-came fart contact
with the Sabbat on August

(eA,

evening that

four-year Ni
Indeed,
d the wi

orces liberated Paris from its

Dylan's boyhood friend, Jan, had sur=
d had joined the.
ack, one amongmany, hunted
midst the chaos of Paris, attempting to hinder the:
allies and buy escape for Hitler's agents, The friends:
the streets. Jan; a tiuc Sabbar, convinced his
convinced Dylan to follow him, and that (rue free-
dom lay with the Sabbat and irs Paths of
Enlighten i.
any time, he joined. Although the Sabbat's inhue
vityalarmed him
the Paths of Enlightenment that they pursued: He
‘sawthem as his truc escape from his guilt.Seen after
the creation ritual, however, he was rediscovered by
‘Katherine. Now he What she was, and his guile
at nearly destroying her fall into her
dark Masters. Keeping his Infernal Pathan absolure:
secret, he | red through the rank:
he was finally accepred into the Black Hand in 198
fisPupses
‘Dylan believes he has purged himself of guile
fenial. Hisfocus has shifted vowards being-
ingthe rccountability, He hates thent
with such passio wat he will never allow any.
member of that sect to survive an encounter with'
one-time mortal hunter of Kindeed and a
he hasdeveloped meth-
ing Kindred other
imielf in obedience de
Katherine has convinced Dylan that his paths
seeks tocontinue her quest for paweF with the hati

isthe hecame interested in

sees Dylan's presence as pr
would like to manipulate him against irs misled
‘Camarilla cousins

He isa memberof the Black Hand's Removers;
prerendingtobeonthe Path of Caine while secretly
advancing his knowledge into far darker areas
Katherine was once w tremendous influence on
‘him, but he has hated her for almost a decade-ifshe
makes a single slip ro reven! her true path, be has

teen, lll icine,

d qoickly seats her. Hf he could
sdvea itl i he wi sh the job that he failed in.
the 1940s.

More tr wi he isanreal
wemon who. fora special
Parpnie Fecunkwown fo hit Hégges Geheana as 3
fling hin demons rge to destroy the world. He

Ny Bie "Anitediluviand trivial in comparison.

isNature

‘Dylan has rationalized all of the turmoil of his
Ea, feito believing hac it yssimpe preparation to
* pritig.our bis ce infernil horgage. He serves tis
Byes. Pachewith utmost Joyal and hasshown hiswalueto
the Black Hand as well as other leaders of the sect.
Dylan trios to be uttedly withouttemon since
Niclas weaktess;Untortunately, hets2tll haunted by
Whe Weal of his sawenti on a deep; subconsciow
Tevel. This makes him avoid oldeekine ifhe can do
4p without being wen by his peers. I 00

imself to the guile chat keeps resurfacts

starting tobeco He tsbeeoming

fpeteingly paranoid that his crue ath

Diylin believes

aconcem toh

identingents ro oppose him within the Sa

His orders from Gorulam, the racy Ventre
who sired him, will nog x Gotsdan's
‘coerce: Tiamat, husrisen. Gotsdam odeved Dylan
to join the Sabbar, knowing that 4sixth-gencracion
peonate hi nce of urvivingséithout friends
He has kept 1 close eye on him and aided him at

is Mods Operand

Dylaty is 0 Toya) member of the Sabbar. He
follows orders without question. using his obedience
real focus the Pach of Evil Revelations He uses his
‘by ether Sabbar. Beca iat
Ingui n, he spends a great de anipu-
Jating events to keep himself removed from their
An his old hometown made him ab
(and careless) than he realized, and he was seen by

"Fists

SHG for yoaus fi
positive that the young

al andl

leader, has heard

Kinde

igvat parpors. He believes her to be connected to
durizyg World War Il. He

put Dylan Bruce on the Red Lis
Troptyclan
Dee is naw obsessed with getting Dy
body andwants him eoreveal Lady Ant
Tremere. The Assamites have been pe
‘hunt him, but they flatly refused be

own failure in the past. Even sy Dylan buss agrowin
Array of chiens Whig ate cite hls craves my clae

ai States,

dy

yan

Sire: Gotsdam
Nature: Deviaitt
Demeanor: Rebel
Generation: 6th

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Virtues: ‘Callousness2, Instincts 4, Morale 5
il Revelations 7
Talents: Alermess 2, Briw! 2, Diplonm
Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Intimidation 1, Leadership 2,
Search 3, Ste!
2c 5, Poli
2, Research 2, Stealth 3
ack Hand Lore 2, Camunlla Lore 1.
3, Kindred Lore 3,
istics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 4, Sabbat Lore 3
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2
‘es of Infemw 2), Vicissinude
Allack Hand 3, Pack

Investments: Psychic Tracker,
Teleportation, Two Dimensional
Image: Dy

by bis long blond hair- He f

s and long black coats, Both eats are pierced.

ie is he water of hell. Would you like co

hey're usually covered
blue jeans, musele


Roleplaying Hints: You vitillate beeween quiet
brooding and extroverted Intensity. Raise your eye

brows often, and repisiehaaiyone who stares uc you

Hayen: Schools, collegesyand high-rise apartment
buildings (Dylan likey to sleep on ater)

Rumorst You eveal souls (F); you heat a special
ftievance against the Tremere (T); you are a mer
tt ofthe enigmatic Salubri (F); you are in-leagne
with mone ‘you prey exclusively on women.
(8); yoo ace a Hnpeen artic ithe moteal weld (P)



Man, yint always

Youn
of sour inzerior light

tooking for protection

Ken Lastlo, Glasses Man

In the wilds uf Britain, while Nero conte.
plated his own gadhood in Ron 6 of Celes
Anownas the Iceni were mouminig the death of theit
king. His queen, Boudicca, atzanged fc
ag t0 be there — inelud

J by a commoner and k
nt-king to the Re

all oChes
2¢ secret from the
Empite, King
J half to his twa daughters.
The oificials who arrived from Rome
tallied the inventory of the dead monarchs wealth
cudiesa and her children like barbarian
uhot-tempered woman, railed against the
they refused to honor her as ruler of

bs wher
husband's territories. Her stin

child

cat chariot
oughout the
her with his life,
getiwasthe

wdicca and herson stood on her g
ad spread the flames of reby
countryside. Ferox 1
expecting orth
Roma sf Curmul
ison, fell ny the Celts. tts 2,000. inhabitares
burned within the eit
edifice dedicated ta the
The Beujah weredelighted tolea

city sdunutn, which, without

Chaudias.
the bloody

ebellion trouble the

They sent spies to observ:

Celtic army was causing Rome and her ruling ¢
ued her swee

Londonium, d=
toyi

Wh ok dhe
od thar Roman women be imp

leary. The Brajah of London

cr poy a weighty price for cheir meddling,

Bouidicca's crazed force did nor stop with this bu

sacrifice, They also'sacked the city ard burned itt
Drank with sucess, Boudices nexe marelied to

€ Verulamium, where her

hose of warriors to completely burn

Yet us pote

as her fury was, Boudic
's008 ned despite Brujah aid, A small
oldiers, led by the brillianc Roman
General Suetonius Paulinus, challenged che Leni
(Queen. His Ventrue and Lusombea cont
fully used cheir Thausnanurgy to belea
with foul weather. In a battle against 22.

ers care
ser the Celts
000 Celts,
ce vercanie undisciplineden.
laced thelr army.

Boudicca fled before the Romans as they'd
The Brujah, knowing th
quell the rest ofthe rebellious e
to salvage what they could) High on
ptlorities was Boudicch herself, wh:
to Embro vampire, she woul
the flame of rebellion hot tn Britain.


fer
wa formidable: He kept them at bay,
collapsed at the end of his enduran

Roma. fn

the Bruja . with ches
Th

had gathere

Here

hy ° xe Irv ether haart les fre Me iu
again fought ava madman, slaying hi
enetates. Ulin we apposing Ven

He righ
not re
to the
thelr enem

ful artem
byhisow mnduct, which earned their tr
. days af the Old Republic, Ferox
anity. The Ventrue decided to
ledgling chureb a
They tolerated his personal religious pric
they believed were without my teal faith, a
of infil
f the Chi
Venitruetoundersta
ahi religion
Under various guises, Ferox beeam:
‘church. He studied all fac
beyond his time, his loyalty wais now be
vitae ne surtain him. He ce
pinical lore,
demonological exts. His ith be
church flourished, he made cert
to ghouls and B
As his ich increased, his divided loynlciesbo
ceed him more and more, In the end, he wou
betray his mascers. He saw, however, th
the Kindsed, and repeatedly warmed
‘Church would begin to band hunni

fue
theireld


church began ies intemal Cleansing of sopemac
His prophesies of the' Inquisition would later

haunt the Ventrue, but not ur at beyond

longer before they tiaded hime che Tremere. Its
leaders had watched his fnvolterent with he
Church for some time and were impressed with the
alty co whomever he

more intelligent and resourceful

one who would' not be suscepnible to

numnors of his unswerving k

Gargoy
Domination. Yer, as they were going to submit him
and magicat fluids, the Inner Circle
discovered the experiment. Realising
Gurgoyles would present to their own
ordered the end of the experiment.
oting the array of occult knowledge possessed by
rox, however they ke

a ghoul to advise

Ferox'sages-long loyalty finally

pectally their ei

ccatn wore with each passing year. He

sion for these hideous deformities;

livesbythe Kissof another Gargoyle

nt ot ichor'as étemul slaves. He could

finally no longer ait by und observe'the repression.

At length, he helped onganize the Gargoyle revolt

aving cared their trust, In. return for his leader.

ship, the Gargoylesaided him inescaping che Tremere
scronghold,

He war'terdiseover int those hours che sinister
hold the Tremete's vite held over him. He began
faging at an alarming rare, causing, the older Gar
fpoyles, our of perverse gratitude, to Embrace him
before his mortality squashed hin weet

‘The Embrace trinsiormed Ferox. He lose much

tion and idorttty, yeesome things were

blood could nor

memory and

he came 10

who had

and that he must redeem himself
uneted with him.

them. Through the
ology from years of religious stud
alization that he wastane ofthe:

Co grow-at a tnuly miraculous
vles, he had the keenest mind, and
insisted that he lead th
. ane of te
others, daring to go out only to feed. When he

Nosferatu, he save: their' lack of
ivalvey we

encountered the
‘sign Lie angelic Ieadeis of

it in heaven, These, he believed, could ot

be sived. He begat his personal campsignt oP exter?

"Fispuse

Kindred vice, h

xc these "demon

Gargoyle form still carries those traits. His flesh is
seayish-white, his wingsare massive, and his eyes are
red ax hlood. He sees himself as an exiled heavenly.
spitie who can find redemption and return to pani
ise. He believes that he will gain back a beautiful
He sees all other Gargoyles as other Grigor!
(Watchers) who rebelled with Sa
iy Kindred he will aeanpr to woo to Goad

spawned from Satan

1, and these ate

perceives as demons
ne!), wh
tthe Nosfera,
es they will be
ble to fly into heaven, a sign to Ferox thar they
are the irtedeemable. They aro to be slaughtered
whenever encountered

of Godand must be destroyed. Aj

ieve as he does, and ¢

itself for war against the other Kindred during:

itself, they believe, isthe Apocas,

nentioned in the Book of Revelatiorix:A mong

similar to the Treme beheve

thar they are the seven angels of the last days, chose'

who will break the seals und bring the signs to Man!
kisModus Opera

Ferox is also trying to get close to the Church.

would try to destroy him because of his outer form.

cult is preparing

nner Circle, wl

To this enid, be searches for holy. men and women
‘who have ties to the church, who can work ons
the other Watcl
these people. He moves his haven every. night
Gargoyles who opposed to
sting to his religion, are still enlisted in his

s. Ultimately, they will find forgiveness by fol
bloodline may. be the onky one

where older vampires defer to, and are ruled bya
weaker ind

everywhere to tecruit

rely follow him,

jal. His intellect is his ereatest re-

Interestingly, Ferox considers the salvation of
humanity as separate from his destiny,

Al aesier in te

God), he

ming them (as it Kt
more attention to his own probletis,

‘sbl@emin.

FEE Sees himself and his followers ax the supematural
forces that 4a fight the minions of the Devil whe
Geherrsa co
He wilfhot commit diablerie for any tein, not
wanting the corruption of demons" in his veins: He
fiaitains this prohibition with theother Watchers,
Any wh this tradition ure put coswift death
Fetox will spare most neonates, as he feels that chey
ight wito their cutsed exiseence unwillingly,
Aine cain sll be turned away from Satan Inuddition,
My fre has come torealice thar tieonates can be dschil in
acts that are beyond the reach of n

eyes. Whatever the source of this

Ferox will always wear darkly

wumors that his eyes

have incinerated Kindred are: false, but they will

Peep vampires without True Faith, at bay. He also

@ Aweats ex:vings of crosses and. rotary ‘beads. Any

ering Fernx without his glasses on

‘mast make w Willpower roll (diffizulty.9) or be
"e w approach hitn

"HisCrimes
The Treme

Blt of

wold nover‘admle his pare in the

‘Gangoyles. They secretly fear Ferox as

they fear few other creatures, They have noticed hi
estauction of Nosferara, even though

Be keep. this quicr outside the clan The Ventrue cor
SL asinely am the Tremere not toundere
HP She willbrisg another Inqulition ifhe Ws suecessfull
Phe Ventrue Justicar and his Archons work over:
tiftie tO keep tabs on Ferox and the other Watchers.
JiThey believe chat the furure Gargoyle threat can be
Gnullified only if Ferox is killed.
The Sdbbat kniw Ferox well and they see him
isa poventéal weapon in the Jyhad, especially i they
exh Being in ino thele fold. Two archbishops in
pthc sec: the possibilty of bringing
Fejgat in, under the pretext of religious curiosity,
lien using him wt the ‘time as a foil again
‘Comarlla. Mich more mrt he eared about
Fefove the Sabbat will stcempe to recruit
purer members ofthe sect hunt.and ate republ

The ooty cn
‘Ventrue to secure thar right. This reveated
just how miuch they had endured fram the €

The Ven‘rue have learned that' Ferae
grown There are euinors chat the"

Sigh" whch
| emagates from his eyes has incinerated Kindred

‘Thishasmadethe Vente extremely worried. They

ite trying. eo substantiate this and many oth

er0x
Sicet Rocia
cige
Demeanor: Caregiver
Generation: 81h
‘Apparent Age: Indeterrainace

Appearance 0

Mental: Perceptios' 5; Intelligences, Wits 5
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Conteo! 5,
Talents "Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Diplomacy 4
Dodge 4, Bnipaehiy 3,Antimidation 4, Ins
scadership 5, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Climbing 2,
Interrogation 3, Meditation 3, Melee 5,
Research 3, Stealth §

Knowledges: Arr History 2) Arc
Bureauersey
Literarure'$, Occult ty Philosophy 1,
Theology 5

5, History 3, Law 2, Linguistics 5,

Disciplines: Animaliam 4, Auspex 2
Celetity 4, Dominate 3, Fortitude 5, Obeal 4
Obviuscaze 2, Pocence 5, Protean 2, Visceratika 5
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 3, Herd

Hurnanity: 9

ith liege wings
inoeyes which glow with the light ofhi

uth. He keeps his eyes hidden bs

He has spiral

mouth and & heavy chin. He usually wears a choi

nd sunglasse
hhoms on. cop of his head, a small
Quote: "God is
Blood. Obey the b
Roleplaying Hine
the corruption of the world, You are parient, and
won't hurt neonates too much ualess they seem bese
on destroying you. Keep adjusting your sunglasses

maly being who doesn't
‘of God, lest he send his ju

Haven! Always churches. Rerox moves his


Influence: Among the Gargoyles
and increasing night by wight

ddecable

Rumors: The light from your eyes bums Kindred
flesh (F); youre a demon (F); the Baali created you
(E); you haven vendetts against the Nosferatu (T);
‘ho vampire can get near you (F, but most will
Jifficule, considering your Faith)



‘One mustn't become too attached! co material things

Regine, Pright Night I]

Herlife

of improving their station, For Alexis, however
these were privileged times, The czar favored her
father, who proved especially ape at squeeting the
red forward, and she was
fone of the young people selected to travel abroad
and lear ybout the rest

the world,

Alexis supported the Coar'e vieion and piraned

education a, Here she studied math
atics, physics,-anacoms, engraving and' the

Hea hue chit w iimanantal
hief in the World of Dark

genta was a deeay to her, the ar
Ad with its music, drama and fin
nies. She studied art, but 300%
had rneith
pursue it with vigor. She dillied, spend
whes among the city
consiclered her w cultured barbarian with an exotic

frresponsible we

y. She used her privileges and her charms to
st. She found stealing a bracelet from a

the upper crustof Vienna society i. an uproar. Het

intrigues encreeefilly deflected suspiélon.

Her brilliance showed in her thefts. Such
her cleverness, in fact, that her crimes artracted
Kindred attention, though even they

trigued; the Ventruc were

‘Only a week before she was to return ty Mes-
cow, Ale party and
mstantly fell is love, She had no way to know that
the handsome stranger was a Ravnos vampire, one

who had been warned by ¢

‘keep himselfon good behavior

Tremere liewenaneto
lexis, with her red
hair and sparkline urcen eyes, enticed the Ravno
across the room. H
fe

confided

Instead of feeding

Jeeply hee passion f
When he returned to her the next ni

f jeweled combs and hrooches was modes

him her deepest secress of bur
er, hederermined ti

but superlative in v
discovered perfect material from which to mold a.
Ravnos, was deligh

lls.

Alexis would not return to Moscow. Dimitri
Stoker vio he was, what he had seesy and chat he
Moved her. She would ne to finish
before' besting for the Embrace e languid

fer

<i hada Ge within her mottal Body i
Srsed te. conflagration of avarice and eaprice aftct
ghebecamed vampire. Dinitriwamed her, however,

Ay thac Viecna would be an unsafe place to retain. Mis
sncuunters with the Tremere, in fact, had placed

Wifeoctirions Hote hiding

4 sheknew. Hiscalesof Tremere

S {treacheryand stoug elitism worried her, and together

Peithey NF for Past,

Sheand Dimitri wer

allow bi

wembment thar they hic the city. Alexis soon learned
tdiguice herselfto avoid the Ruston surprises, snd
He learned to dev ine wigs, makeup and mar
that would change her appearance.
igs Gage her imagination at art never had

So) Se Dienitriswas trading in more than hum

F ible hosiever. He fenced stake vanmpi
‘akpolical Blood Marker that gow our of
intraelan power stragg! € n Disciplines,

my of which he learned from his kidnapped vic

Hinge With: Dimitr's help, Alexis mastered he
AvbaletieV of Obfuscate anid ather Discs

ewas during this time, however, that Alexis

# becamedisithisioned with Dimitn: His trafficking in
flesh and blood did noe offend bi
ithe practice lacked the g
svn elfeer, She came tc
Uihedded his protection.
ich time away from him as
cet female disguise
-gan mixing with
he Toreador of Paris, impressing them with he
on. @ art and her Pose nets. For theit
‘part, the Toreadot
her beauty and cha
Towed ber to ling
Thie Toreaifor impressed Dany
ng she had been Embraced by resented
Dimitriall the more. Dimitri, however, sense
ge, and immediately Blood Bound her to hitn
A stragpled against him bieeerly, even bonded, but
Eould not break sway. He now! tookion a more
© Sisdster role, mandating how she was to live and
swig she was to do for him, Under his thrall, she
helped him sob Paris and other Eu chties
throughout the next century
Thetr success attracted more than € tice
within the Camarilla, which now reco that

ce, $0 they al

Shebeyan wish

there were immortal thieves at work. The Tremere
seatch for clues of the
concrete leads. The Toreador wer

failed vofind
fuming feoru their cobberies in
lther sles dominated by the ck
Auispex Duscipline, to find the thieves. Eventually
they were led to Danyi, but failed to penetrate her
uk Uisyuise for the Russian underneath.

Embarrassed that Danya, whom they x

letors, had been stealing them blind

turner their noses, the Toreador plotted
overflowing wid: Inartgue ame artistry, Orher clans
adbeen relatively unscathed and were more amused

swrathful. They quierty re them:
elves. with such

1, Florence and

rivial matter, concent
» of Europe
nd his Blood
The Toreador were oni their own,

They hatched « plan to bring the tw
Ihack co Paris. For bait, they used orig
seriptsof muse from Mor
mortal (and certainly most inten
great composer had written the pieces fora Te

buys To che Te
as, but they were denperate tok
the thieves back to regain their stolen one
rreasures
polit, Dimite «darker uctivities were
06d, a fet wiley kept the rest of the
Kindred fromdescending blcudily oa hiand Alexis
* teamed of M

cof recuminy co the
hold, hut he scoffed. He believe
charmed and chat he cold steal with
forever. He made preparations: and they
Alexis knew
facing. Hahedide't ral precaution shy
she knew that she would be destroyed within
week: The fs thing she did wae oaks her Dany
Although

nd Dienitts encou
eral times in thi

of the entire

clan, To that end, reat ball fol
their cl

iseased toall wate

take place. She had

visited on pretext of social

toiling when
ever been there before, and
ne with the Toreador
ad none too skilfully) confirmed her

‘who smugly

a minster of ponsip, Danya used


smiled and talked sh

vised her plan forescape

rid of Diener if she

beingoverconfident an

the ball. Sh ed hitm to provide the disteac®
tion, explaining that she could slip away, get the
ue not before making her drink hi
strengthen th

of the dances,
hood, mixed with wines and
many of the
for himself, He stumbled.
Toreador

impostor. Gho dco cover the exits, She

watched as Di seized, and for an awbul

‘moment, wai all for her to help bien
Whether he F her ot wanted het to
though she save him

ized tharthe Toreador

along the curtains. Smoke filled the
an who weren't ny

is nor fighting the fi around
with weapons dra
she had com
She m
hearing the fi

the house was consumed tn

found the music in a dis


Sshetransormed imtamistanddrifed ei

‘Mer Plrpose

QyGs tlie ccntaties, Alexis could ro: belp her
suppeesg for very long, She ts stll & thief, and has
eveloped a battery of Abilities toasist her respect
‘able Disciplines. OF lnecy she:has.ceomned to her
Diya digguise anc docs much of her actual sealing
i thac pécsona. She has;petfecred auth a repertoire
Sf impessonations tha

FF isrFgh shen She

imposible to read
patiastihiity

and has amassed a nearly unmeasurable fortune tn
frolen goods. Hecvole purpoge i rocantiaweons with
Picher Sve and xo waincaly her

esas the preavest

Despiceall that has hippened 19 Alexis, shes as
able and personable as she always was. f
‘ex6ti among the Kindred, she enjoys ito tts
fullest measure. Everything and everyone
ier! especially the Toxcador, who she considers
Eiobbbih Frinia donnas, She détights tn humiliating
Ncthemisr cach turn
v The dackesvapca in het lifes Dirmitai'sfares She
Aitknow ifhe escaped the freabeses, or ehat he
nee atehing forher. Because of cis, she isall

Wendel
er Modus Operant
ny Alex: mistress bf dbsauise a) sulle No
plocsit 155 of al inses ip mi thefotyy but} vis tock
very catetul to Kéep the etumes seemingly uncelutesd,
haubh the'Camarilla is willing co blame her for
», Hér sealing is so well-known. that, in some

» matter how minor.
neans to be taken adva

hs
sh
ens in mosparge cities In New Orleans, shea
eiebuiye se collection that hasaspecial seacimen
"aba value for her
She will ab With the Sabbot tall and
Tbe thei? bid efforts wo contac hire. To
SBE ieitiecchis' she harliw ehfacebabt offices
‘MARY cities on hes payroll, She has wisely kept hee
Holdings diversified enough to-ksep thera invisible
SHE fas receatly mastered computets and is a first
mnie higher. The olectronie age has easily doubled
her already considera perwers.

Her Crimes

Danyapenonifieselaganceripe. Camacilalead:
eG nce missthyso pity thing thac if anyone were t9
destroy Dania inated cbbringina her indi
vidual would face Final Death ay Well
cajoted, laid. traps and made bargains, Danya has
laughingly exploited each one, Whatever else she
might do, she is pristarily u thief. OF late, she cook
the Moeatt miusic thar she scofe in Paris and had ie
played in music festivals around the world,
within € thie Toreador. The Te
tion to this affronc has threatened th
Danya vill not allow hereet be forgoxzen.
Iiyrerestingly, most of the Toreador she has sto-
Jen from kniow exactly what she looks ike, bucs
reoliaw thar the ced-haired benuty they
16 behind het brilliant disguises

rophy Clan
they want to throw her # very lavish:

wtice is dispensed. The other
pe dak whbe ahi pec

Trey have

Ww was the

party before
Panading the entire Camarila is aquiet admiration
ft Daria: May will be disappointed when she i
Fought to justice. This sent
the way for assisting

Alexis Sorokin

Chant Ravnos
Aliag:: Danya (and muny others)

nt may ever pave

Genemicions 6th:
Apparent Age: 21
Physical Se
Social:

Appearance 6

ngth 5, Dexterity 7, Stamina 5

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 6
Virtues Conscience 3, Self.

Courage 4

Talents: Acciny

Leadership 2,Mi

Srroenvise 5

Skills: Actobitics 6; Boxy Alt

Bribery 4, Climbing 4, Carousing 3,
Diiguise Ty Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Excapolo
Fast-Talk 5. F Tiseauang 2, Gan


sock Picking 6, Masquerade 3, Perfounance 3,
Pickpocket 4, Police Procedures 4, Security 5
Knowledges: Art History 3, (
Criminology 5: Crypr

puter 6,
aphy 4, Electron!
Forensic Metall

4, Law 2, Linguisties 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Cel

3, Fortitude 2,

Chimerstey 6, Doraina

te 6, Presence 3, Provean 5, Qiietiis 1

grounds: Allies 4, Contacts 7, Resources 6
+ bk

Willpower: 8

+ Alexis shines with class, but still possesses a
piixyish sense of humor. Her true appearan:
aired woman with sparkli
aslender, well- muscled figure- She likes to dress
but shuns stzcer fashion. She will
n impersonate celebrities with her disguise and
chifting abilities. Her favorite is Marilyn Mon-

Quote
brilliant of you
Roleplaying Hints: Flatter pe
these approaches harm no on
feeling that you could be friend
fascinate y

don't be so modese! Thar really wav

anid that they
Life (and tmlife) are made fo
Haven: Her houses and estates
ce through compucers i
was gained a great deal
fe is also 3 multi-millionaire, and her

ch billion

"eollec:
Howes: £
to maintain her illusions when she is not an
sixth level of Obfuseate lets her aur
pink

Rumors: Mas

lave ta baraés the Toreador (T);



Revolution: Nor befo
it— sublime su
—1 Ching: Hexagrs

hislife
‘When Louis XVI, a rather dull and corpulent

ind unsuiced) to provide le
nce's financial crisis

unprep
at
the reforms. of Louis's
‘monarch to dismiss him in
hemonsrchyever ater, Hi
him into a chuace meeting with a group of
men and women who held his same ideal:
the Giron

ey were ghoul

innved to drain her resources with
‘he American Revolution, Germaine
nds harassed both the church and the
Fermaine gave hinelf, body and soul, t6
farevolur thenext
young Germaine witnessed the super

ilicies ofhiefrierwls. Acfiret deeply troubled,

4 how these abilities could be used tc

er the downfall of the monarchy, During those
rantly begged the ghouls to veach him

este: Tho Circle Lansfenst ps enliven

and Germaine would leave in anger, only co retum,

of'ts completion will men have faith in
Detenninacion i a righteous course brings rewail,

49: Ko (trans. by John Blofeld)

‘inally, under coverof nighr, they led himacrass =
the border of France to the small Swiss village of
Orbe. Here, in a monastery, he their master,'

to Germaineas he ratled aga
ine saw his
ded man just stared past hie,

ment. Ge

ghoul, Critias quietly dismissed him, infor
that he was nee destined to be like

Germaine rewumed with the ghouls to France,

eventually collapsed
of 1789, the Commins
Assembly conven
anda few nobles. They defied
themselves the National Assembly on J
king's loss of prestige before the Na
fired Gerrnai

| joined by miny lower clergy

more active in suppressing
Jissidenc elements und pressing t

for him to remain low-profile, Germaine woulda!

a ee

Solitary scouting txission, eopstantly looking for
Mvayh of making himself more Valuable to bis super:
sSfuaural allies,

2 On onesuctiiadventute beschannced toeneetthe
"{Goluntess d'Adhemnt, who became enamored with
Ris handsorne face and impeftinenee, Tn her, he saw
iEpedeet opportunity te gain information for the
Sipsevolutionartes, especially after he durcovered the
Seas 3 close inend of the queen, Marie Ancoinerte,
FUntiriown vo:him, the Countess was a Toreador
MBeonate of Madame Gui; who way supporting the
By. breithRevohision foc herawniteasans. Attire, the
/Polingess. was upincerested tn. earning anything,
"idee about Gerinaines To her, he was only a mertal
Dy Wave aplaithiigamongthe micdleclass. She son.
Nerealed bi tiesto the revolutionaries, andexploited
"bit Gn Bebalf of he mistics. By contolling hin
SHisbe keptche Brujah one step ahead of the Toreador
FE Germaine captiniied with ik double life asa
evolutionary und lovecat thearistocraticd'Adhemar
Soe the uphcaval intensified Marie Antoinette ur
rained by hee weak husband, began tmplementing
het own counterrevolutlonary plocs, advised by the
Sia Gertie pt up iv the ew vires of
D isrige exploit Ancoinecce's undering,
Be Tihesist enajor Brujah coup occurred in Ccrober

BF 1ZB9;rukien they were able ro incites mob co
Panarehy on thie Palace of Versailles. The Toreador

1 hloced the Brujat's attempt te assasinate the king,
BL Whi owe Kinderstoox! how bold the anarchists had
S become: The moh forced the royal family tomove to
the Tuileries pli
panicked. In 1791,
Fond quced out of Pa
"The Brujah sniffed out the king's tral, and he
able action. Hewas forced toaecepc
Sf (79 which reduced him tou figurehead. Finally,
in September, the monarchy was abolished. The
Before losing his head to a guillotine, and France
eldets were on the run.
ents: She immediately set out co hu
throughout Pan

in Pati eself and the Toreadse
cennipted co-spiei che king

‘Avtirec, Germaine had secured himself reputa-
ion with Cricias' ghouls, but they soon turned their
attentions roth pursitsattherrrevalution, As their
tplitieal clove increased, they soon forgor about
Germaine, He was left to the enemies he bad made
among the Toreador. Germaine would have per
hed if nor for his cwn wits: He survived until
‘Qectoberof 1792, bu his encini were rapily gain-

The Kinde

ingon him, Daysafter Marie Antoinette was guillo

‘On hiswayro the New World, Cru cd
Germaine. The necnatereasoned that he had finally
received his eward. Critiasdidn' dissaad
that belief. Critias had secretly guicled Germainc's
stepysuncethe nighs of their meeting ia:
He saw the boy. as a
«'Adhemar, but knew that making him one of bis

thoub would becoo obvious. Afierteschinghim the

hunting and left Pari for America

Germaine relished his new powers, They were
the rewards that he #o richly deserved. He hunted
received grim pleawe when the Girondists were
least partially controlled by the Sabbat. They began
revolutionary. The Reign of Terror eliminated the
final enemiesofa democratic Fraice, bue the Brojah
power slipped away

stserlond.
ible tool to use against

teas, believing that she had fled th
Terror, coo many Loyalists co ferretout. The Count
ess, however, ad not forgotten hin, Duringastormny
‘Countessd'Adbemarattacked him with herfull
ferceity. Germaine was stunned ar the destructive
for Critias' ghouls, Germaine would have met hie
Final Death. Cfitias had told the ghouls that
Germaine was a vampite, then withheld his blood
from them, Germaine, he reasoned, would be their
new source. They would become his ghouls and yive
him added muscle. When they happened upon
J Germaine and the Countes
Jy weakened, With nothing to lose
they attacked the Toreador,
The ghouls boug
D'Adbemar destroyed them with litle
rerumed to her haven to sleep, prepa
him the next night. Germaine buried
The other Toreador kepe the C:
following her enemy. How, they wondered, could
the Brujah ourfoxthe mosebrilliane politiciansaniong
the Camatills! Someone had beerayed the clan. The
(Countess now found herself in polirieal cannsbatism

Germaine's


is wanted
put

Nature

Ar


BEG crass folce ws seegeh Attn

the Sablbats Ge

‘6 their recruiting methods. He under

Bugis serccinty oe ofthe seas x

unt to be sabject to theisrufe- He sees the

y on is i cempority maiféstacion of Kindred
Falution, something todisyglve once

I: dvetbinwn: Fe could ok possibly cate Fes aio
Gchenna, Heesees the en

SF Geherfns and Goleahds. a4 nothing eiore than

ysis propaganda

fect example of an Anath

Fema Whose presence on the Red Lists the result of

done fictle co justify: his position: among the
Cimsiplia's Mose Wanted

£-Eontas understan He Hels

HP Germaine say o stop alead of his buncers. The

Gbainreix herself deserted by Madarwe Gull, seeks

Iie THis i noe out of service ti) Madarne Guil

Bor ofthe fear of having her role isthe eel

ed. She understands thar the Toreader

fer miyeakes have id for

who Germaine

is fill out there

ial tbe silenced.
PS Fhe Subbacwvant Ceqmaine. They arejust wai.
ake a mistake and purhimself at theie

he would make a dece

et

ee dino, burin
Hiieae had doce lial o trackhitn down, She does,
Dowerer keephimon theLiseand encourage other

Germaine

Bujoh
‘Count Germa

Generat
Apyaremt Age: Easly 0b il
Physicals Srength 4, Dexterity

7, Manipulation 4

Mental: Percepcion 3, Intellig
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4
Talents: Acting 2, Athletics 1, Benwl 2
Diplomacy 2, Dodge 5, Empathy 3,
Incimidation 2, Intrigue 1, Leadership 3
Poetic Expression f, Seduction 2, Streetwise 4,
Skills: Acrobatics 2, Carousing 5, Climbis

Fast-Talle 7, Fire

3, Dixguse
nis 2, Lip Re
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Eistory 2
Linguistics 2, Philosophy 2, Policies +
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 6, Dominate 2,
Fortitude 6, Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 6
Backgrounds: Alles 2, Contacts 3, Resources 3
Humanity:

Willpower: 7
Tmage: Anavernge,\inasstimin
shictless and tattooed

gran almost always
1 cared whar you thought, Pi have asked

Roleplaying Hints You are bel

sheer joy of it In face, you will intent
‘cemprersomeone'sinnocentstateryen tas
in order to provoke an anaiment
Havent An
Influence: Some among the march.
Notes: With his sixth Jevel of Presence, €

ani cause those douind him to become enraged




This is sweet; to se our fo

Euripides, H.

Seventh Crusade, Tatig, a Beda

xd waiting to defend the S ity af
Mansoursb. Tarig followed the teachings of All
he died in the service of his ford, his soul would be
transferred into a more powerful and happier body
lew his study of Alt that Tang devot
ld Mar.of the Mewstain: He tolled
if his service for seven years, culminating in his

himself to th

He wore no armor for the battle no fear
fF dying in the service of his lord. Hi
him that he could not die het
He had been commanded tc

th caughe

isappointed day
old the ety, along
nis brothers, aga sane a
cuans He waited with h nd
+ the European knights te

was long and wicked. The
and the Bedouins surprised the forces of the C

Kings, along wich cheirallies, the Teraplars and

he Hospitallers, When the kettle drum signaled the

attack, Taniy himself threw dare that plunged ints

he remaining good eye of the Templar Master. He

vent the man sereaming to his God

The Turks were mounted, and yer the Chris

to muke a worthy ground defense,

« last through the Moslem ranks. A storm.
crossbow quarrels from across the river swey

Taxi, scandy: Finn i hye grenade

perish und poy to justi

awoke in a delirium thar night: Christians
occupied the city: Hefelt weak and wondered vaguelf
if death had come to hien, A Hospiraller saw hira
move and brought him co the poles where othetsOF
hus people were bound and awaiting judgment. Fhe
crusader pulled the ar

The Crusiders questioned hin
recur, he mocked their cowardly Use of armors th
‘were unticipating death, but he was immune t0:it
until the appointed day. He also counted chem with:
hiis success at che slaying of the Templar Master. In
a furious. rage, they ur out his tongue:

When he awoke again, still hovering neat the
The Christian guards walked past, sec
aware of his visitor, even though che man stood tn.
ath hisbootwas he studied Tariq,

The Oki Man on the Mountain. Tar

U to knwel despite the ropes that
Th Jark eyes glittered with deligh

The nant, «man with a face as dark
niahogany wood, told che tongueless mar
hhnd deste
Templar's Master. The Templar, he sai
jorvant ofa peoplahe called the Camatil

was aware that Tariq' dart


PPrucke, fe said, Tatig had served the Old Man of the
‘Modotain sell for the pase seven years. He would
siigwe be rewarded and begin hissever-year initiation,
95:8 Fidais hin new clan. Tariq swooced at the
cesthay of the Kiss and! fele hi lite being dean inca
the mouth of his new master, Bur before he could
(rat ine the afterlife, the Lieutenant' bloed brought
bil back to his boy, As Ales ceachings had prom-
sed, is soul was put back into a far more vigorous

WY bo cae last btm forever

hve etl led Eagle'y Nese
ig is seven yeurs there, is interest in
the Crasadkershvindled us bis oyalty tohis clan and
ins taifaoral cafcems grey. Hete he met the Old
2 Manof the Mountain, che lord who he had learned
(pete fxr and adore: No longer did he eeajuite hashish
tbtnakt hia feel invincible and fearless: the blood of
these ancient seekers of T
Sanit sense of near omnipotence. Hi
the next seven. years, doing all th
sanded ind learning with great awe about Caine
obedient to his people, quickly rose in ¢
By Hitt much prestiye. Afrechisinitiation,hestayed on,
the priestly Keepers of the Blood, Alway
Liythe mythology of the Kirulred, part
One. Tarig applied himself to Alamut's books ancl
‘When he was dispatched
sod for the clan, he spent what fr
By the time th
TTHHG had achieved a fe
with the lowering of his own gene Sul

Inquisition was
1 reputation as a Di
clan, he was rewarded

ruption had catne with his Embrace, and
Wt profoundly effected che way Tariq viewed his
spirituality his journey
yeard the One, xo he redoubled hiseff se the
pérfer servant of the Od Man of the
Griémy, he vowed, would escape his sig
Things were yong well fo th
jth century. With the naw
sand elders, and che bir
world's Kindsed weee v
ascension through diablerie. Tariq
ollecting potent blood for hi
puticjpane in the destruc

fotele that he was fail
onan. No

londdin Alu. He wa
the Lasombya Antediluvian and other key
flembess of that clan

Afver the zenith of the Anatch Movemens, and
the subsequent bieth of the Camarilla, the easy
hunting grounds the Assatnites had become accu
inst them, The efforts of 1 tila
wore determined, despite the loses it suffered. Aer
seven years, when the Eagle's Nese was in danger of
discovery, the Assamite elders sent envoys to the
Comasilia co negotiate a peace
‘When he eried tareten to Alamt, Tarig
his way barred by the membervof the Siuila. They
met him in the wildemess, solemnly speaking of
what had transpited: He Jearned that his reward
his loyal and durful service.
citadel. Hewastoaccept the full esponsibility ofthe
againstothers. He waschosen bi
loyalty to bear the onus of the clan.

exile from the

hud s0 openly practiced

ause of his faultless

Unable to vaice abjections, Tariq accepted the
Silsila. They, howeve:
to afer this sentence alone, A

deere
return to Alama, they brougtitfoeth i spltt, bind
dispatched to being him to the Camarilla's Justice,
hut they réeutned quickly, and without hie. Tang

they said, had vanished invo the desert.
lis Purpose
Tariq has avoided the Blood Hunt ag»
wel
isdinins the Assarnite ansitribe of che Sabbar, but

I not artack chem.

Nature

Ofthe Anathem
the aecusarions made against him, and one of the
ost dangerou Camanita has spread a great
deal of propaganda about him, most of wht
Jutantly false and tolerated by his elan. Tariq, has

Tarig isthe mont Innoces


to way hiin fr

"Tis os pe

was open war

Troon fy Clan

ited have told the Cams ha Brujah remember the
J some of thet elders during


Shad corclinquish it aftor the alloteed time. [tis now
the Brujah's turn to offer incentives

The Asst
their own. ulthotigh choy dor
to the fransformed bloodline. Sul

loyalee
hey eek 10
hue he would make » worth
addition to the Sabbar's Black Hand.
Tag
Chine Ascainie
Alias: The Sent
gh Bate
‘Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Bea
F. *Genezation: Sth
Be Avparcat Ages Early 3
Physicals Strengrh 2, Dexterity 8, Sear
Appearance s
Po Mentals Perception 7, Intelligence 6 Wits 8
PY Virtsess Conscience 2, Self-Control 5,
5p Courage 6
Fralerter Alerenese7. Athletics
Empathy 2, Intimidation. 4, Mimicry
Search 3
Skills: Acrobatics 3, Clunbing 5
PP ieroplitions 3, Disguise 6, Drive 2
Bscapoloey 3, Fax-Draw 4, Firearms 6,
HMetliation 5; Melee 8, Socsrity 6, Secalth 7,
Knowledges: \

Bri 8 Dacioe 6
Scan 6,

2, Trap
wemy 2, A

Architecture 2, Astronomy 2, Chemistry 3,

Cryptography 2, Electronics 2, Geography
Investigation, Kindred Lane 2, Law 2, Linguisties2,
Litereture 2, Machemacies 1, Medicine 2, Occult 5
Philosophy 3, Psychology 3, Theology 3
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4,
‘Obfiseate 6, Potence 3, Prutwan 5, Quictis 8
Visceratika 3

Humanity: 5

Willpower: $

Image: Tarig i a seriking fellow wich
againse nearly jer-black skin, See!

prehude to which he 9
fessional calm
Quoter (Tarig's
Roleplaying Hints: Listen to ters tl
whether to attack or leave. Ifsomething intere
about the Assamnit

mgule has heen severed.)

Influence: Non
Notes: Turis sixth level of Obfuscate allows him to
block any sott of Telepathy. His thrte addition
levels of Qui

target's Mental Attributes, take blood from a vessel
rutget's hfe when be commits Dinblene

Rumors: You hunt your own kind with a vengean
F), you hunt Kindred for sportand send theie heads
sense of danger (1)




ng or examining the nature of its

 -ferocicudly, to

shone isa seperate
existe:
affirmarion of its will in

—Bemard Knox, Robert Fayle's ta

hislife

young soldier, Valetius gerved the
4 Actiim in 31 BJ. Ronie would no Jonger
ce Cleopatra's control over Mark y
1 they were vanquished, the doomed lovers led
to Alexandria to comimir suicide, Valerius,
aldier who hid fought aginst his fellow

surrendered t0 4

tole

Eternal City in chains.
thant celebration chat fol
frenzied and violent, Miny of his co

wsinediately taken lute the arena

wed was
bloodlust of the mob, Valerius was luckier. He
showed a little skill and kept bigself alive long
enough to i ted chill

Ladiotorial barracks in Herculeura to is

matched

He was y
quality was interproted as a ot from

were closed only in tines of peace, This helped bi
ined the favor of the
mself after the god
iydoingaaring
{him to avoid the gates, His masters
bea Mercury in the Colosseum This

Work was not # divine one. Valerius wi

e combat field as he:
fashioned |

nd bisbo

leave

among fallen gladiators with a glowing he
‘see if they. were truly dead. He judged wh
who reacted to his iron could be salva
. Hispartner, the C
head of thowe

ed to fight
ron, took a mallee to the
the crowd ringing in his ears.

astzed that he was the ged Mee
the dead and choosing souls €0
Styx. He found this work

He sow che

carry across the
perfectly suited to his temperament
lympus, where he
ales between Tie

wd. He wa

tunusual looks caught the eve of a wealthy nobleman


cts in his knowles

) surnmon forth th

wandered through th fale
dark and ersibly

pt Valerius fooe
ind now it was his lack
liant. On the nigh
ctifice, he closed his eyes duting
waited to die
Hit were not forthe finil mistake
for which the b

Nubatus v
spells. Th

away, diopp

nthe villa
the raging entity as it broke Vareo!
rants, Sh

doit
delight

Valerius woke céntuties
mut of the ruins of the mausoleu
Thad buried hin in, believing bite
the fire chat destroyed! Via

The stas


peseni cyiy atone:Ap
forminwa number of miracles inexchangefor money,

the Trem fase ered him
Tis

Unlte

The clan bought him with gifts dfimoney anda
place fo stay, until he was finally invited co study in
the Orleans chantry. He did 4oor the next decade;
provinghimselfbetter than almost all che ohermagi
Westem Europe — all-except Grimeroth, the
for the region. Still if Valerius learned a
seat deal from che Tremere, they learned ten-fold
fu hiin. Members ofthe finer Circle owe much tb
Valerius, including. key components of the rivuid
hdl designed to steal povwer from Nubans.
Indeed, the fnnet Circledid not eealize then that he
was dangerots, a vessel for Nubarus to fill with his
Valerius wasi texpected meniberofthe Treme
,andalthough he sometimeschallen

forcentu

When Tremere decided to expand his power hase,
Valerius was only too glad eo be back our in the
world. He hid learned all thathe believed he reed
hs, his rival, had gained the empry sear in
the Inner Circle, Besides, he was curious as to the
‘were teanspiring in Europe and alarmed

Gamg

s clan's scrutiny; he trayelled ro vations
havens, insecting and punishifi members of the
ited, His power over others: served 05

for hiclnyalry. Valariitteantionnd rasnrve
tingly ithe end ofthe

From out of the tnfertial réalras indeed, Fram,
the mouth of the very monster char had consumed
im — Varro returrieit: The- mage. possessed the
freaming Valeeiue atl locked himself within the
cion thathe had bred inthe boy'sspiritsolons
parasite subverted Valesius' personality,
rose ut the setting of che sun, it was

looked out af Viterbi' Yodel eyes."
himself sensed the posession, and sent
ithers of the Countil to return' Valerius to him.
They would ascertain dl
the entity inhabiting V

intentions and strength of
usin destroy it if nee
essary. Tremere secretly siw the opportunity to
plunder the enigmas of the Infernal Realins,

amt, Varro was privy 10 the knowledge
and memories of his victim and was ble to sever the
Tremere Blood Bond. He fled to the Sabbat for
proseetion, joining the Tremere ansisnbu. The

allt,

ounty-hunters dispatched by the Tremere never

retuned.

bisPupose

Varro calls himself Maior (the Elder) now. F
was a Sabbat participant and accomplice until hi
Path of Evil Revelacions was discovered, He has:
‘been through hell, literally, and has recurnéd as one
‘and Demonic Investmeats are too powerful

Once sup ely confident that Valerius. has
alerted Varro that something is wrot

Presently, Mator's plan isto bring the orher
menibers of the Red List under the bannés of the
Infernal One. To this end, he has dealt with:
built. In onder to gain informacion from her, he has
had to provide her with the Concoction of Vitality,
this, Considering his expulsion from the se
has used his Tremere magic to put a false aurgon a
pphicebo version of the potion instead. Even choisgh,
received the information from Kemintiti, ind be-
ltevesshe hasbetrayedhim. Inreal
package she ent him was intercepeed by ary Archon

In addition, he also wishes to destroy the

la ayainat the clan. This did not
gouls. Even in the modem era, Maior

epntinues eo publicly embatrass the Tremere, al-
though he will mor, under any circumstances, share
it

‘beens

is Nature

Maicr doesnt flly comprehend the state of is
‘own mind. As Varro, he possesses the body
Tremece vampire, and this personality pres

that it is dominant. The mind anid ¢

Valerius are not dead. Th

Yarr

dramatic result of chis is the growth of Mai
conscience. He has struggled to overc

yy our many of his curceat pl

|igp (the Valerius part) makes him despise the Intér=
inal Power that he is serving: this clashes with hig


nécesry devotion. To this end, he
confuyed when considering the eth:

"isl lodus Operandi

is careful not ¢0 stray.too far from areas
seh wll eis frie. Be peters eo remain ie

iy by Way of his Journey to the

Spitit' Realm Investment. Even in' this: mode of

wel, he is conatontly.on the watch for Garou
traveling theough the Umbra.

Maice often arcends violent porting events, as
heat retaing Valeviss! memories of (and affinity
for) the Roman arena. He regularly attends illegal

1s, brawls and street fights: Because of his

Fi ocaeats ei thne infernal Reals, he hears a perpetual

horrible din, will always keep noise around asa
distra

Crimes
‘The Tremere have made Valerius Maior thetr
ptiosity, but they do irq y, not wehing to air

their. dirty loundty, The test of the Camarilla do not
Peahet evs Birnienble Maton

fre itteripcing to learn his Infernal secrets. Maicr
jcom;nitted far more atrocities than he ispranted

Jhuethe Camanla knows himasa power
meriber of the Sabbat, As far ax the Camarilla is
‘Soncemed, Muioe simply knows too much about
them, and the Sabbac wold gain ad:
Tage ifthe sect cannor terminate him: Because of the
fecent interception ofthe Red Last information from

ousadvan

Kemintir'sagents, the Camarillahave moved Maior
0 the third name on the list. Although chis restruc-
uring of the List ta unprecedented, the Justicars are
iivanfeement hit he iv capable of makina sood his

Trophy ln

remere earnestly desire to get Mavor back
ay he is possessed by an infernal
sve that they
of first-hand inform
Hf they could gain c
feat thar Maior will make good his threat
theirscerets to the mages; the Inner Council realises
thar Maior springy with k

greardeal

ledge. [tisconcoctiny,
gn inmicare scheme 9 dew Maior clan's

Tremere blame che Sabbat for
pet showy

The clan insistsedat
& not cumsidered

tothe
staked, 9 I
tuming. Behind the scenes, Maior has the porentil
tobe very. valuable to them.

for his

Velerius Maior
Clan: Tremere
fla: OLE
Nature: Archicect
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Generation: ith
Apparent Age: 20

Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7

wi 3, Dodge 5, Eripathy 3
Intimidation 4, Intrigue 6, Leadership 4,
Skills: Animal Ken |, Etiquerte 3, Herbalism 4
Masquerade 4, Research 6,Rise 2, Speed Reading 4,
Su

nowledges: Alchemy 4, Astrology 2

Ascronomy 2, Biology 2, Chemistry 1,
Heraldry 3, History 5, Kindred Lore 5
Linguistics 6, Magus Lore $, Military Science 1,
‘Occult 7 Philosophy 3, Science 3, Spirit Lore 4
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4,
Resources 4
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1
Daimoinon 5, Dominate 6, Fortitude 3

Presence 3, Thaumatumyy 8 (Path of Conju
Path of Corruption 4, Elemental Mastery
Flames 4, Movement of the Mind 4, Neptune's
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 9

Roleplaying Hints: Shake your head you hear
one talking, You area bit twitchy,

es one or the other wich his
dressing in

ni think es Weir the w

when thete is

Influence: Once very high up &
the Sabbat: youtrade them rervice
(but you keep your identity a secret!)


faintastic variety of rituals avail
including many
ha
ical items t6 serve him. The Storyteller
ive him any powers
n his two extra levels of Auspex
comes of contests and

involve him and know

when somethingaround him sinyatically concealed

Rinse Dominate on those whosee an image of im
his recorded voice
You are a Sabbat varopire

the Sabbat (Tor F); you até
the Arcanum (F); you are afraid o



PEANIQUA

uger can explain many ats. Ut cam be said thar all eile

to sauisfy hunger

Maxim Gorky, Enemies

Herlife

Greek 4

small
ian Em.

was born a princess of Ep

i owing fealty ro the Macedo
pte of Philip Il. She lived a spoiled and carefree life,
but as the princess grew co adulthood, she delighted
thediscavery of vecret knowledge that eventually
Jed her to the woods Of Samatbrace. The secretive
‘cult of Cybele, the dark fercilicy goddess, welcomed
her. There she met Philip amid the celebranes, and
ilar, che became his queen, A year after
uld bear-a son torhim called Alexander,

id one day tule the civilized world
s match was not meant tobe longehy. Philip,
x, make political marriages to eement
nces, Myrtale, who was nowealled Olym-

in, Philip, atthe same

fear his wife and the strange «

teniper and domineering att

Hills sueroundi

Ne maste Appatcntus time passed.
the bieth of their son.

next deca

aclu

Bech

¢ bad wielded power in some of the
staces on the mainland, bur rivals wiht
her own clan had schemed uyuinst ber. She had w'
flee into the wildemess, bringing her mysterious
teliginn with her. The violence in Olyampiow drew
theattention of the dark immortal, who allowed the:

Greek ¢

queen to slowly a
inner mysteries
As Philip matched away ro quell the rebe!linns
threatening his borders, Olympiaebecame Cybele.
lover, tasting the bh
time at bay, She worshipped the Malkov
sing her power in the Ring's
court to protect the Methuselah from other
Malkavian plots, Cybele nurtured Olympia® hated
for men. She would only allow Alexander to be
rine co that bored
Olympia det
td glory of her black world, S

serving
fanatical ghoul an

incd to bring Alexander into
focused his atten:

dof her goddess and holding, %

le found ASta Minor
from which she could bartle the
fest of her for jsower in the
Malicavian ela
Philip held the title of Hegemion, the military leader
lof thie Greek States. Ie would be his duty to lead the

the Persian En

ninated
secure that the Macedonii barbariaiy w
ftially become a stake, in bet hands
drive into the hearc of her eneinies
Robunangl iain Philip wes
mistress. She raed « proud and ruthle
seen Years hi

boy. Thir
is father returned from a military

isco her religion until, in 337, Philip officially dl
verced her

Alecinder escorted his mother back wo Epi
Cybele went with her to live in the s6
Island kingdom. The queen stewed in
Philip. Soon yinpias. be
Alexunder st wi his

ai where statves of thie gods |

ind gaits

ing rem fis
mentaberween the rwo, Philip'snext marriage quickly
{produced a son, a new heieto th could

When Olympias heard the news
forever

begged for
serve her

Shiewilly; Cybele prepared
haughty Olymp.
tepicide of Philip by his own wife. The poddess knew
that Epirus would never be sufficient protectio
ss the Malka of the mink Secon
ered the pos

atte eg hind hac eras, nad pci aly
with them to destroy het. Alexander, she decided,

lity chat the new heir of Macedon

‘Objmpias quickly agreed
He-came tosee her, and, with his mother, he made
plans for the demise of his father

id contacted her son.

At the marriage for Alexander's slstet
cleopatra, Olympiaysenthe ayour

the Macedonian army who had been sexually
brutalized by 0 complaints
to Philip were entirely

rerlooked. During a parade

ny which Ph
Olympian gods (ar imag
the assassin delivered

of Alexander, acconspt
urstied and silenced forev

kalling blow. Three fiends
realized her prophetic dreamy had keer at last ful
filled

As Alexander assumed the throne, Olyrapiss
opened the city's gates.to her dark miseress. She
received the Kiss amung the revelers of Pi
fugeral games

Her Unie

15323, after
of Greece, Egypt
wounded i nd died from fever. He was ta be
aire life, @ victim of his own exploited vanicy
Olympias wo died in
Babylon,

shad enjoyed matchless power i
flr scar Hall peepee

despised her. With her troubled mistress, she Jefe
dence, welcomed by a: yathet
vampires all members of the true Br
Kindred, who traced thei¢ ancestry
srindchilder, worshipped the sun god
controlled thae city's oracte, Within #
prophet
her toh:

ge. She cold the tre Brujah abour the
of Philip's death, and they aught

ess het own oracular abilities, She ob-
served their strange manipulations of time and saw
hom peedict the future. The Beyjab told her that
LF imprisoned somewhere within

plex. Olympiasbecare priest

css, divining oracles for mortals wlha carte t0 the

oracle. Hee ability to predict the furure grew stton

in b
sing the bor
a 20 Asin, She agreed, delivering
their direction. On by
retutrt, Olymipias found her sire burned to a wafer
hin husk by thesun, Whatever puedinher
absence, the sect of vampires had vanished ito the
night with their scrange po

mnan to Asian soil



Heer recart to che
iGepidition und some scr

PAG pension: Ritoal and ull cther cestsof entry with cold
ndiference Quickly, she cllinhes thestepsof power:

ico, City'to
epense the Subba' sformoffustce. Havingachieved
a fife position, she was fee to accompli

ath-of Evil Revelations en

Befeal anowers o, her twieed spirituality, She wor
hipped the Wyrm in secret ceremonies while
#fRavelling with cher Sabiban pack through Mexico,
OR"
‘Wibeh the Vader of her back discovered the
SS ekbwenicevf coe ofthe Anuthemaofhe Camarifa
Rigl Lr, he caniceived of a perfec of inl
HAGeating thie enemy, lines: bringing the Anathem
Radown add claiming Trophy: ydeseroy
Pevintinal, 20d gaininy peivcleyes, .Sabbat agent

Ppepald quickly tafitrate his enenay's
me

othe rest of ie pick to a

the Anath

sunning stages, Petanigua suddenly
A piwhile becomiry a Sabla spy in their tnidet. She
Be ebuild c0¢ allow hier pack leader to usurp her chi
togetclosescotheeneny than.any oth
9 Satnianeuvered her pack arid staked the Anathema,

sbbatt had

the Comarilla nearly cose her
life. The Malhaviang remembered her and con
Wiriced the other clans that she could never be
trusted. They immediately called ts have hee added
fotheRed List, which was dane. She was putin the
souldbe noreconciliationwitheheclanthatspawned
ereverpowcred whacsmal spark of sanity she hael

left She fled inter the: wilderness, chased by the

terPupas
$F Petaniqua has

sn englaved
» the dark spiritual worl
hee loyaley from
{Cybele to this unholy manifestation. The Camatil li
Has alkled her co the Lint from which she had re
moved one of theit enemies, The Canurilia believes
tharshe still works with the Subbat. Herpack leader
cheated of his viewory and pr

searches tirelessly to destroy het

Peranidwua has focused on the Camarilla, ani
her derangements, will do everythis

lestruy thesect. Itantcally,shestll desivestocuictt
ation with the Cumarilla Malkavians, presuming
that she must subjugate them first. She plansfor
"telah nid heer in hee ultimate vindicarion,

lerNature

sniqua cannot rest unless she & controlling
her environment. Losing dat hold, for even 2 a
tent, drivesher to rage, Recently she began tohave
dreams of world in annes, and SW herself fannie
pire ising from the graves — genves she dug up.
this time, shehas no idea what these visic

hs knoyws better a ther.

er Modus Operandi

Peeaniqua used to he cryptic orcheste
her failed gambic wath the Camarlla has made
more dang and foolhardy. She bas forsaken

hire society and spends mort of her time among
corrupred Lupine

paring her ownarmy toman
la, This isa lificule task, expe
cially since her followers are not entitely rational. f
the Dancers were more sane, her plans might well

In the fitute, abe plans 1 sesault
the Masquerede.canngnothingforthe consequences
She unequivocally believes that Gehenna isa myth
togivethe Camanilacontrol nd the

ler Crime

Pecaniqua is « modetn patlah and an adv
cous scapegoat for crimes committed by powerful
CCamaritly elders whan ehey teed te shift the blaine
She herself has litele to lose nt this point. Some
vampires quieely suggest. that the is have
actually reined back their Alastorsfrom pursuing her
s*safery ner of blame for their clans.
A fow say they have even raore sinister purpuses for

slowing the
and its hold over her is unrelenting She will n
over great distances by Garou. Bec:

Tre Trophy Clan

otherclan, They will accept here

svians want Petanisqua more

hee al we they will reward the Alastor is,
with all their de
fear her. They want her destroyed because

ays, unforeseeable: The C


old she has over woreoralees. "The Lupines are jet Blemenrariogs 7, Dominate 4. Obfuscate 5.
bevinnifgrafear nbauther. although mostmaynot,  Protean'4, Thaumatingy 7 (Spirit
consider het a true danger until iti too late: Inter-"--Thisimanurpy 5, Elemental Mastery 4,
extinely the higherechelonsoftheSabbat, impressed pth of Morpheus 4, Line of Flames 2)
bit. still consider her one of theit
nhecaftertheyh

Maveinenit of dhe

Vicissitude 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 2

Petaniqua Willpower: 8
Clan: Malkavian Image: The most impressive thing about Peranjqua
Alias: Myrtale, Olympias isher be: ‘she moves like a queen; a5 if she owns
Sire: Cybele everything. She has black huir and lovely pa

hived eyes: ane dress hke 2 shaman, She weats

rattlesnake skulls, rattles and bird bones as'oma-

Mind 2, Path of Conjuring:2),

Nature: Autist
Demeanor: Autocrat
Generation: 5th

Was queen of the world once, and will be
Apparent Age: 30 cenoft

again, I promise you. Now yu have my permisson

Physicals Strengeh'6j Dexterity 6, Stami en! poraeay ees

Spe heey yin esac y Roleplaying Hints: Be as haughty us posible; ¢henn

Appearance shit into @-wild and spooky inedicine woman‘tole

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 7, Wits 8 tine "You despise everyone equally, add hate

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instinets 4, Morule 4 qualms abour telling thé é s temind them

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 6, u are descended from the g

Dodge aming 6, Empathy 2, laven: Cavesand dens, or in thee

Intimidotion 3, Ineris Leadership 6, Sense

Deception 3, Streetwise 6, Suberfige 7

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Body Alteration 3, Notes: uspex allows hers

to peer into the spirit plane called che Umbra, With

her two extra levels of Dementation, she can give 9
sand tum them int
her sirnals deal with

Disguise 4, Friquere 3, Herbalism 6,
Hypnotism 7, Inte

Stealth 4, Survival 4, Toreue 3
Knowledges: Alchemy

Saget You are & member of the Black, Spual

History 3, Kindred Lore 4, Lingulsties 5 Dancess (F); you are a Follower of Set (RF, yout ane
Lupine Lore 7, Medieiine 1, Nau Alexander the Great's mother (T)} you are hunted
Occult 6, Politics 4, Sabbae Lore 4, Spitit Lore 5 Sauron (F, they ace just leaning about yeu)

Disciplinest Adipex 6, Chimerstry



And in the lowest deep

sti threat

Herlife
her, keepers of the Spell of Life med her for
hly broken. They knew that

i
the retribution of the dark
lowers battled the Seties,
n the awful mage
their olution; Horus strengthened them
with secrets he had learned beyond the grave. Then,
med that the mortal magicians would pesish
ommanded

before Set's monstrous children, he
them co use the
vanguard of warriors against them. This command

o choose Egyptian
of woiee, those whose he
the seales of the
ther of truth. These pu

into the cule, eventually to become mum:
imies themselves. When
ntohis next death eycle (with See waiting patiently
mn the d

continue. He left the Cult of lsis stronger, bur they
Prould bt be immune to.the'e

9t Hous had 10 retire

comuptior

to deyoner me opens wide

sas born during the 19th Dynasty
i 1. By this time, the Cule of
led by Set while the
mination over the

The Pharaoh marked his reign by calling himn=
the Son of Set, exalting the Red God. Ser'
es, once defaced, were recon

protectors of the royal house. His attributes were

the military prowess of ing. The

Pharaoh eves promised the god that he would build:

the mex cemple to himy if be would

insure the fong reign of his own son, Rameses.
The teniple was built, anil th ccutiful

women inthe land served as presteSses tohonor Sev

the topofthe

ted as the

Kemintiri moved quickly «9
curallyski
a knack at making the #
choices as she advanced through the tanks, In the
politics of che temple, she was intuitively

Herseemin

and theologi
her tenvure in Set's temple, che dark god
had seen Kemintiet more than once, She

The Kindred Moss Wat

Jord entranced Ki
His flartery wan not without purpose
to pu
Isis. Providence haa! provided the perfect vessel in
the foro of this exquisite young woraan,
Tovuhe Oulcof lis, Kemintiei leaned much ofthe
ic taught by the wisards. Set had ackee! her ta
[procure the Spell of Life forhim, and she had ageced
she was on allthat was required

rnover tox

ae

insight, This smajest atin
cewanted
within the Cle of

mmartality mn his
Kemintiei leaned th

ands
ys

Shi would, have taken the mystery to Set, bi
Horasaitoke from his death cyele, She becai

with the

sed by thisnew
Poetics fhe had to cell, She had been

cause of Horus

io Tmumediately, she
ready to
fusing be:
9 show the other w

niided Set's plor to Horus
her treache gave her,
ards how Set had exploited
Bhemfor generations, and had even brought a be
Pisiilwiper within their midst. Horus chen outlined
the'serict qualifications necessan
Pext-muranies. Discipline re
gveryday life
Sef wn livid with anger ac bis failure. Despite
Kemincir's change of heart, he was determine te
sorting her secrets our of hee broken body. Accord
ingly. be mad ure the highest prior
igptogens, He then splay todarct Horus ‘<j
Br ciak wtite se Setresslippedtnand
smintitieThe rwic was succesful. All of Kem
sanaic coule
Gisbaughe oF the Serites

her

Kemintii reviled Set now, screaming athimn char
She'Wrould never reveal the Spell of Life wy him. He
Axgropeed (o Dominate her, buther aura was sufiwsed
powet; He beat her neatly (o death and th

PNetawith All these she

cquisite tortures,

and the other
ini foam the

implesenc his ultimate threat on her person. He
mbraced het, polluting her body forever

ed Hoo and devour

Kindred Most W

Hertnlife

not be Bloed Bound. See laughingly asked her to go
back to the Cale isis, which inly
destroy hee, She was now his, and he was her key to
I. Kemintin's mind warped under the peycho
glcal chapsody played by Sev's expect hands, but
sssoncher. Her former cunning returned, a replace
‘nen forthe votd that her vampirism had left her

Set was sill desperate far the Spel of Lif
Kemnintisi w

newaite tod
oflesening

sr in her spite, cll
thusextinguishinghise
further into her consuming hacred unc she finally
4c back a blow. Av her master stares at he
the ult, ending Set reeling and then
Shewandetedt
lied

her back. Kea goyed them. Shee
the baming deserts, a haunted place whe
himself ha led She let hee hurnanity
bleed away asshe hunted. The torrent of blood that
quenched her thirst carried her like a eed
cowacd a mind conerolled by the beast. Wassail, he
uleimate defeat of the vampire, elaimed hoe. Every
thing that her eyes fell up
the rav ing she had become.

Khceamon, the last surviving chide of Onicis,
found Kemintisi. He had been told
tions by inembers of his sect, the Childe
Having compass

was doo

followers,
dren of €

he struggled vehemenely, bute

‘contained her without blood lonyg
enough to enue her co fall into torpor Thu
billsed, she was raken depths of Indi
where Khetamon and hisord Kindu
being he

back from Wassal
Khe
which to help her, dhe beginnings of the Di
which would latex becore Jo
Humanity increased little by lite
was able to understand who she was. With her
returning cognizance, she was overwhelined by hu
reed for Set ond grief
immortality, She followed therigitdiseiplinesof the
Children of Osiris, regaining more and more of

Her
‘oni! Kem

cover her lost bid of true


memories ‘The Spell of Life, it
formula that she began co believe w
from the curse.of Set, remained s
partial amnesia,

inevitably, Kemintiri knew she could not re
malin with the Children of Osiris. Her hatred for Set
grew with cach passing night, Khetamon saw this
and attempted to ceiniorce the Dis on her
Kemintiri, always the perfect actress, see
Herhumanitystood

away fromher need for rev
stil she finally
rensied, falling victim to a vestigial remnant of her
vwatsail. She killed some of the Children of Osiris and
fled back to het own land,

She returned to find th

the last agus, was nowhere to be found. Kemintiri

was a scranger in her wt land, and her mind again

of madness.

Set finally destroyed the Cult of Isis. When he
the worldin 31 B.C.
raly a comupted version of the Spell of
from the last wizard, Fils bane
even if they serve a purpose. Set searches for
Kemintiri, who is now oneof the most ancie
Methuselah, Besides the mummies, she is the only
teponitory for the kuwwledgs of the crue Sell of Life
bur she cannot reraember it

Jered for the last two millen=
cearched forsurvivors ofhercult, and tor
Spell of Life from her own flawed memories, hoping.
Jc will bring her back: from damnation: It is het

an all-consuming goal.

jer Nature

tari has unk deeper and deeper into indif-
ference concerning all things alive, as she believes
she should be. Althouphuthere are brief
she has hope for herself she also knows that

disappeared fron t possessed

fe, forced

vila. Shh

when

gain. The philaophies of the Children of Osics:
repression of the Beast by strict self-coatrol— have
warped into rhe belief thatiall vampires rast be

escued fio theit state. For now, the must accom
sh this by murdering them. Some she will offer the
gift of eternal life—when she fina re
complete Spell of Life: Her repeated failures with
what che currently knows only increases her callouse

ttl ss hatred forall living.
not undead is an: affront to

pense. She would make the

Jbbat gasp at the heinous
¢ she hunts. Kemintiri |

ice. She also suffers

1c her alien per:

cruclest
likes to play with her mortal
horrific nightmares, which inc
ceptions
Kemintirisuffersapeculinramnesia which comes
and goes. This makes her disoriented at times, and!
thisis when she is most lithal. Many of her retainers
havedied when she has abruptly forgotten who they

"ler Nodus Opera
W

Vhen the Camariila came into
Kemintiri quictly studied it ior centunes,
at che diversity of vampices thar put themselves
under a'single canopy of Inw, She was especially

ityerested in che Tremere, a group of enchanters

who possibly possessed the missing links thar she
needed co Tee
though the Sabbat alsointrigueclh

¢ the unflawed Spell of Life, Al-
smaitly of young Kindred who could not possess the
The Tremere presented i prubletTheenigh her
Keminciri knew that it would be possible to
nate atiy one of the Justicars of the seven
clas. The Tremere; lnmcvel, were too close-knie
and! had a dangerous amount of occult knowledge
Trying to self within their hierarchy would
be too chaney. She looked over the other prospeets
‘and finally decided on the Ventrue. They were
slaves to chiie own traditionalism, something that
adept at pretending, and they bad-ants
amazing amount of material wealth:
ermintiet had made ercheo!
nt profession. She wert fromm,
hat sacred texesfrom the
ld. come to sight. In ong- tomb,
Kemincirifounda gilded wooden statue withacavity
under its skirt In the cavity lny nsacted textofthe
(Orderthat brought hercloserto the Spell of Life, bac
not close enough. She stole the document from the
tomb hefore the contents were cataloy

Up to eile pol

Digs were costly. Kemintini wanted to cover
more area, But lacked the real resources to do'as.
Despite heron life, she had never really considered
material wealth important roherexistence. Now she

J the Ventrue to finance a variety of digs in
ered the

wg her magic, she

form and mernoriey through a special

she had created in her long year¥ of being

leon. Her spells, and the use of Vicissitide,
he disguise even more convincing.

She immediately implemented het plans, She

intimidated intosilence any who questioned her use

Ventrue


cs Many of her enemies
+, fell under Blood Hunts
abele, her desire for thet
nedher. The T
change in the Verserse Justi
her and finally discovered her real ide
avdeal of clan w
pdves! Egyp

She made contact witl Valerius Maior. anothe
member of Red List and a etiminal who had se
truck with the Sabbat, Considering the Sabba

for Settes, she was not ready 10 eh
them, She

at making mummies hav
through the ho

igony. She sus

seeks through one of them.

er Crimes

ntu's greatest rime ish
tn heloins of the Ca
coplish, ‘Beine » Setite doesn't
have left v permanent seat
The Ve

ie will never ¢

The Trophy Clan
For any ott to offer Tre on Kemintiri
-ked backlash trom the Ventrue


The Children of Osiris seek her as well, Her
abuse of theirhospitility (s Insignificanc next to the
sect cecrets shatshe has learned. She represents what,
is worst in vampires, and they se destruction as
A sere to all Kindred. In 1971, four Children of
Osiris discovered Kemintir while she was visiting @
wealthy collector of antiquities irr Calcutta, They
were too surprised to be effective, and Kemintiri
easily slaughtered chem.

The Followers of Set are just now making
Kemintiri's capture one of their prictities, She, like
the Typhonian Beast, is a linkto their dark, ancient
past. They constantly citculare rumots of her pres-

Still, Kemintiri leamed 49 much in her short

as a Justicar that her cesources are truly formi-
dable, The Kindred world faces a Herculean task in
dishodging her before shecampletes her
build a race of mummies: When sie does, Gehe
‘compared to her vengeance.

emintiri
Clan: Followers uf S
Sire: Sec
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Deviant
(Generation: 4th
Apparent Ager 27
Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 9, Stamina 8
Soci Charisma 8, Manipulation 9,
Mental: Perception 6; In
E Talents: Acting 8, Alermess 2; Actist 3,

Brawl 6, Dodge 8, Empathy-5, Intimidation 7,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 8
‘Skills: Carousing 3, Dancing3, Dise:
Enquetre falconry 2, Gaming 3,
5 fader tan 5 Saseustnde 4:
Melee 4, Research 6, Stealth 5, Survival 5,
Kaowledges: Archeology 2) Astrology 3,
uter 2, Cryptography 2, History 6,
Investigatio Kindred Lore 7, Linguistics 8, Magus
4, Medicine 3, Occult 7, Polities 5,
hanatology 4, Theology 2
Disciplines: Auspex 6, Bardo 7, Celerity 4, Domi:

3, Drive,

ate 9, Potence 2, Presence 6, Serpentis,
imaiturgy 6 (Path of Cocruption 5, Luce of

Flames 3. Movement of rhe Mind 3

Pach of Conjuring 3, Element

‘Weather Control 2)

Backgrounds:
Resouirces 5, Retail
Humanity: 3

re very serpent-like,apale
aight, and glossy blacks,
likes to compliment it with black eléthing
anct leather jackets. She sometimes wears cloaks and
Quote: "The Camarilla endures to protect its mem:
ersfrom thenselves;thatisthe only worthy purpose
it serves, Bug, st must one day fail, when itsaneients
Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet, reserved, snd
deadly serious. You enjoy tauncing people with mys
teries they could never hope to fathom. Sometimes
Yyoui become caught up in remembering your bestial
days, and will nor be listening co what is being
COO.
Influence: The Giovam
Kemintin, bie
network of

believe they are using
alsohasalarge

cludes her Wits, the target number increases by 36
No successes indicates that she enters her amnesiac: |
state, She must then make a frenay roll ar the

sixth level ritual, The Exel
Mask. which allows hero take onthe form and ara
of someone she kills during the riual, Sh

Her extra level of 1 see what is hap
peningar distant locations with which she isfamilig.
Hler extra levels of Obfuscate allow her to
create fake thoughtsand me
use celepathy, appear as someone the viceima would
like tose and hide the connections between herselt
et people will block out ang
es Her extra level of Pre
‘means that she cant make her victims feel
severe that they inust spend Willpower to
take actions more vigorous than getting out of bed.
Finally, with her extra Serpentis she can mak
victims become obsessed with someching,
mething (even life self) and become

to fool those who

care about

re ni Antediluvian (F); you are our

mit diablerie on Set (F}; you are lying in,
torpor (F); the Children of Osiris and the
fhuncing you (T); you hue cold climates (F).

Kitten nt




Werewolves monic, Afiey they ald in che
ructlonorthe Alastor, he will send other Gary
against che ters in the nights

tan Cal

whi

ignorant of although F

Prelude

Kindred Curiosities

teller + encouraged
this old store, anid

aracters
thar they don't remember

will al d that che store ts
hour.

possess True Faith, Callan be
nce a fallen ang
d be nets as the C
mplice. Because he has
pum expendable,
After Calihan real
Kindred, he will immediate
tion with them, telling dem that
rosa his store by
the characters to retrieve
nny knowledge af Kindred L
Jeamned from Ferox), and uses any p
necesury to win the character


has at his disposal $5,000 in cash as an advance
inst the characters' services.

Calihan calls the stolen item the Sabb
Brooch." It tsa veini-leyendary artifact thar disap:
peared in the latter days of the
Camarilla varnpites, gaining such an object could be
a political goldmine
provided be y de nor to help
Callibat

up wth Retox ina
furure st incient Gargayle is wate the
va church acre
nrery che store
tlhaethe Brooch isteal Infact
inhis possession. Ferox gave it
safekeeping," supposedly until Ferox
1¢4 safer repository for the artifaer, The
real thief of the item is Ferox himself, who had the
gullible pawn. Ferox hired. safecracker
te steal the actual, brooch; all transactions: were
tmade inthe city sewets. Spirit Touch an the scene of
the aly reveal the pawn (who has since
ated into forgetting ev
d chat he knows wh

alliban is con
f especially alter Feros paven left so

fhe culprit ts Eel, the Ala

He believe

qhe enpiation

wl'm yours forever, ate a pom
kof Love, M
Brooch is che primary ation
acters ty hecome involved in the story
devew fem
allihan. He actually believes that the Brooch was
sion, Ferox told him that it was a
slargerously cursed artifact, and then stole ic from,
the safe where Callthiss hid it
Ferox has since told Callihan tobrinigthe Browclt
ince the Gargoyle has discovered i safe
haven to hide it in: Tenrfully, Callihan had to tell
with, dramatic flair, told

ince

was responsibte
cretcieving the Brooch. Storytellersean hoeten or
extend the pace of than a
Je by which he mi Brooch into
Ferox's hands
allyan & ne stranger te vampires. Peox has
mos simply. peo nder
dicece demonic assault, vicrims in need of patience
n¢ has old him thar.a
ac dectl,

and forgiveness, Singe
le the Sabshat Brooch, he

use vampires to retrieve It, Ferox h

convinced that unless the Broach is rees
ncesol threateningdarkness will be unleashed.
The Sabbat Broocl

the Inquisition. Supy

ided the Sabot in surviy

aly, it was created by a
group of Lasombra elde used it to
strengthen the will r rs. Ghouls
who drank the blood of a k
Brooch

dred wearing. the
he pain of
take secrets of the
em if necessary, and 6
fabricate, even under extreme anomy, fale ink
tion foe thet
the Saba'
secrets from di

nfessions. The Brooch isa fixture of

tion. It has kept many of thei

society, but the
the symbols of their
scruggle against the 2's oppression. The
a Tremere know that the Brooch is reals
¢ it from the
rox, when he led the

G. bellion, cook the Brooch with him.

feroxs Notives

I remember only
nutes right through me, can you fee the power:
w what's going on,
but it won't be long

an how

His Gargoyles
the city eve ked knowledge of
his presence here, snd one of thei has located the
‘Alastor's temporary haven: Ha
lilentity of his rival, Fe
prepared to destroy her, He knows thar Echo hs ©
fuonber of guardians in her lair, so he ts-using the
Brooch asafoilagainst the Alastor: Hisprimary goal
into get Echo on his own turf where he will say her
He sees her ashe seesall Nosferarn:angels who have
ic wingsclipped by God, creatures whadathe
important to hien
If the characters manage to slay the Alastor (an
ikely possbiliey). Feeox will have hac
the characters lead
Fetox will dispatch
tries to defend be

and any other vampire who:
If the Sabbar descend on the


ficves thar he holds all the cards, and he does,

Sequence of Events

Ales ihe players sneet Callitsan
proceed in any ditection the Storyteller seesfit. The
all end with 9 eonfronea

Alanar Echo. Fi
ig SCenies are suggested, each bent
1¢ of character involved in
All characters will be

iwcown mind it
i Faith has grown

Berk be

toward a spec
Redempeion and

ot Rees

(Camnarilla characters have ps
choices, They might. be to
20ch so that t
might wane ro gatry Callihan's p
fetumning his property. Som mt te double
cross him, find the Br sin the reward, anid
theneliminate hin ¥
deter thar he Isa Lupine. Whatever their motives
the story, they will have vital
ns to'tnake at the clirusx

When they enter Echo's haven (an
rates of balk te
before

se filled with
want to kill the

may wish to have Ee
¢ Camarilla playe

le her: She can ther

discover theicp them 10 fal:

fo hervo Calli

what's really gotry

Buc wll noc necessarily believe he i brave enough

roambash her. Justin case, che Camarilla varopires
nputyy her

will have to ace face her reeeibution

the climatic hartle between Ferox and the

"Sbbtch Characters

haracters will most certainly want w go

to Echo's haven and rogain th ious artifact

They will probably want to fight frst and ask ques-

tons larer. Considering of th tea

may keep E: long enon

fo learn where she hay hidden the Brooch, Of
e will cell daeny thu she

lig the idea that he stole the Br

attempt to save her life by te

Echo will become a casualcy of Ferox's plot
The truly unserupulouy Sabbar may atten

secure the Brooch for themselves mnt

story for Sabbat charactery than facing Echo. Hehas
nich

‘considers appropriate (sce The Hunters Hunted or
‘The Vampire Phayers Guide or moce information),
rgeylae

whatever po

hhaven'e already, He mig way and leave

with whar litte vier
jaye

Garou Characters

expendable to Fetox), the Garo cb aught
want tohelp him out. In addition, they might realize
thar he is being duped and want to reveal F
what they believe he tealy is. Callan is

Garon's help Echo will cereaisly ill

without th
him forsen

it might be interesting ta have the stress of his

struggle against che chascters or vampires cause
Bieter inn Cnoafore Grou

cooperated with

eer a

The couperation of
other seets is tricky, b
he Storyteller can have
od way to yet Sob
ether in defeating che retainer

player charicters ter remain isolates
frown their seces, Camarilly anil Sabbae players wh
igo buck co theie superiors should be laughed a
scoffed at, oc amusingly given the challenge w "
and geeproof." Inany‘
devices. Ifthe Storyteller really wants to kill Ferx
the odds can be stacked any way thae she wishe

Conclusion

The conclusion is designed to be as f
the rest of the story, The Storyteller ist

fent,leave them to thetrann


Fero's and Echo's destinies: If she 50
impress the players with the tertor spawned by the
‘Anathema, allow Ferox to achieve his kill and fly
ll thank any vampite who helped hin

h will never

be able to reward the players. f they h
givethem a Backsround point for thelrn
course; helping Ferox willds
piresifword abour-sheir acti
the Sabbac players will face problems wher
discovers that they were telling the truth
Brooch and will be blained for "uot getting
hone dey, pid dass dey Boo File
nessis a lot to expect from either seet, afd
Damned is a unlife

the characters manage to také down Ferox
through some miracle, they will find Echo to.be ef,
benefit to chant. Aiding Echo in the Gargoyle

ine thot they ekould fet Her

claim the Trophy. This arrangement will work out
otter fort ters in the end: Echo pall s
lot of strings: Ifthe Sabbat kill Ferox ill nog
Gargoyles to, contend with later. Again, the

always diablerie as a consolation prize for ansone
Involved, although they may have to fight-onie
another to et fous vite

fchosCoteie

amples, houlsand ot
ural creatures. As described here, Echo has
nets, all of whom are-Blood
hellhounds (both are German Shepherds with g

Embraced: 1875 (born: 1853)
Alias: Britney

Nature: Praise-Seeker
Generation: Sch

Appar

Physical: Strength 4, Dexter
Socials Charisma 2,

Kindred Most Wanted.


Appeatanie 0
Menralt Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Virtues: Conscience , Self Control 3,

5 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 5
hy 4, lonimidation 3, frerigue 5.

2, Seduction 1, Streetwise 3,

Disguise 3,
teats 2, Bane-Talk 5,
Melee 3, Pol

seal

Secrets (exierer
Lore 4, Investigation 1

Loge 2) Sewer Lone |

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Cs
himessery 3, Donate
‘Obfuscaie 3, Potence 4
Humanity: 5
Willoowe
Tage: Echo is small (fve-feer call), with
bleached blonde hair, Shecontinuesto dress like the
ly united tothe massofwrinklesand
ke wp her face; She weats heavy make-
upand favorsblack lacy dresesan
Uses Obfuccateand Chimensty in publicrsappear as
she once did. Only hee block tails hit at what lies
below th

Quore: we the sun
‘isekto > over this ane inate time. Phad better got
some anewers

Roleplaying Hints: Youare a screeching harpy
a atiyone and ninaind

Haven:

Influences You hove

"Fellas

Phaysical: Streayth 4, Dexterity

Mentals Perception 3, Int

Talents: Alermess 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2
Skills: Stealth 2, Tracking
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celery}, Fortitude


Nosferatu

Touchdown

Apparent Ages 50
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulatic

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3,
Courage 5
Talents:

Athletics §, Brawl 4, Dod,
imidation 4, Search 2, Streenwise 3
Skills: Firearms 3, Gambling 2, Hagel
Intertox:
Knowledges: None
Disciplines: Animalism
Fortine 4, Obhiscite 1, Potence 5
Backgrounds: Contucts 2, Herd 3
Humanity

hulkinggiantofaxan (6'9°, 400
lbs). Hie face to ler, but pate

flower ear

huge nase, He presents the

he perfect mb and mean,

swearsuits, which are always dirty
core stor kis
scatf cavers his fice,

Quote:

Hey youse
fore Leoune reve. (

Roleplaying Hints: You
player gone co the bottle, Youstill drink, and like to

ss. You intimidate athess with your size,
and you're very protective of your site Echo (who has
Blood Bound you),

« antitrba:

Generation: 1th

Agpastnt Ages Eaely 205

Stamina 3

(Charisma 3, Manipulation 3
Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Virewess: Calloun

Talen lertnexs 2, Athletics

mpathy 3, Intimidation 2, L

cry 2, Seduction 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

1 Ken 2, Acrabaties 1, Bribery 2,

imbing 2, Drive 4, Fast-Tall 3,

Firearms 3, Forgery 2, Hagaling 2, Interrogation 2

Lock Picking 4, Mechanic 2, Melee 2, Piek Pocket
Secusity 2, Sloight of Hand 2, Stoalth 4, S

Brawl 2,

Knowledges: Camacilla Lore 2, Geography
Investigar
Lore

fred Lore 2, Occult 2, Sabt

Disciplines:
Celerity 3, Chin
Obfuscate 1, Presence 3, Quietus 2
Backgrounds te Iden
Sabbat Path: Path of Harmony 6
Willpower: 6

2, Auspex 2

mage: Devyn is young huindsome man with
long dark hair, stormy blue-yray eyes and a killer
smile: He's a lady's man, despite his dre
hiker. He favors leather pants, jackers and gypeye
style shirts, Devyn is in this occupation. for the
money, a true mercenary
Quote: "W
Roleplaying Hints: You ate sick, out for the
action, habes, and everything ele life has to offer
Jho'sright-hand man. Yourun the show for
one else is your lackey, but you're not hard
you're che top dog. You
dom of the Sabbat; of evurse, you can
always go baek later and blame the Camarilla for
abducting

Nosferatu

»asked yout"

1984 (born: 1929)

‘Apparent Age:

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stan
Social: Charisina 3, Manipulation 3,
Appearance 0

Mentals Perception 4; Intelligence 5, Whi


Conrsienes 3, Sele Conte! 5, Willpower: 5
Tage: Thackery i all and thin (6
y3, Dodge? He is completely tald, but hac a parchwe
that stands out Ike bristles on 1 boar
cr se Star 2 Subcechage'
a coyerills like these wor by sanitation w

Debore 5) Eequette3, Hypnotism 2, vas sa pipe with him, which

Piychoanalyuis 3, Research 3, Speed Reading
Stealth 2, Traps 3 Quote: "Masry is shown by brevity

Roleplaying Hints: You are the tin:
Bxho's juccesses-ag am Alagtor, You analyze every
situatlon, saying nothing until you belleve you un

derstand what isgoing ot. Light up a pipe whenever
you go to speak, and do so around puifs. You were a
Manherittics 1, Medicine 2, Occult 3, failure as a mortal, but ll that changed when you

Paychology 3, Science 3 became Kindred, Always speak invellect

whenever he talks, but he says lite

Knowledges: Archeology 1, Asttonamy, 2,
Biology 1, Chemitiy.2; Computet

Criminokogy 2; Engineering 1, Forensics 1,
wry, Investigation 3, Sindee Lage 9.

Disciplines: Aurpex 5, Obfuscate 5,Potence 2," pontificateand throw to evory three:eent
Presetice 2, Thoumarurgy 4 (Lure of Blames 1, aun.

Movement of the Mind 3 Haven: With Echo

Backgrounds: Contaces 2, Herd 3 Influence: None

Humanity: 6



Notable Disciplines: Serpentis
Preferred Weapons: Complete and total corruption
Feeding Hubits: Cainites
Last Known Location: Cairo
Aliases: Too many fo number
Trophy Clin: Ventrue

Petanlqua
Allegiance: Sabbat
Notuble Disciplines: Thaummaturgy
Preferred Weapons: Her allies

Feeding Habits: Anyone
Last Known Location: Glasgow
Aliases: Myrtale, Olympias
Trophy Chant Mallya

Valerius Maior
Allegiance: Subbat
Notable Disciplines: 1
Preferred Weap
Feeding Habits: Old anen
Last Known Location: Mexico City
Aliases: ‘The Klder. Qdd-Fye, Sh
Trophy Chin: Tremere

Tari
Allegiance: Assamite
Notable Disciplines: Quietus
Preferred Weapons: Every tool of the assassin,

Feeding Habits: Kindred
Last Known Location: Baghd:

Aliases: The Silent
Trophy Clan: Brajah

Preferred Weap
Feeding Hal
Last Known Location: Milwaukee
Aliases: St, Germaine, Comte
Trophy Clan: Tore


Perox
Gargoyles
lines: Viseeratika,

Aliagest Ni
‘Trophy Clan:

Dylai

Ate
Natale Disciplines: Thi
Preferred Weapons: Magic and s
Feeding Habits: Anyone, but especially Kindred
Last Known Location: New York ¢
Aliases: Bru

Allegiane: We
Notable Diseiptin
His elaws and teeth,

Genina
Allegiance: Samedi

Preferred Weapons: Her apparent innocence
Feeding Habits: Pedophiles

Aliases: The Red Poet, Lucy, Darla, Brigette
Trophy Clan:

Enki
Allegiane

Notable Diseiptines: Prot

Preferred Weapons: His body

Aliases Noah
Trophy Clan: Gangrel

Rabbar
Nosferatu
Notable Discipt
Preferred! Weapon
Feeding Habits:
[Last Known Location: The Southeast United States
si: Chouel

Angela
Allegiance: Amare
Notable Disciplines: Vicissitude
Preferred Weapons: Heavy machine guns and
Aamethrowers
eeaing tanits: Young ispanie mates
Last Known Location: Bald
Aliases: None
Trophy Clan: Tremere

ll.


We Have Nothing to Fear.

The vampires, the terrors of the dark, have their own secret fears. As they
hunt, they watch over their shoulders. As they make their way from
ictim, they listen with growing dread lest they become victims
. These lords of the night know that even the mightiest of the
Damned can be brought down.

Except Ourselves

Compiled in the early part of this century, the Red List, also known as the
Kindred Most Wanted, catalogues the crimes and horrors committed by
these hated outlaws. When the Justicars themselves, the most powerful of
Cainites, cannot apprehend their enemies, they make them Anathema,
hunted by all vampires.

qhe Kindred Most Wanted includes

+ thirteen of the most feared creatures in the World of Darkness;
+ the history of the Red List, the Anathem J those who hunt them; and

+ a beginning story to introduce players to the horrors of the Kindred
Most Wanted.

ISBN 1-56504-124-0 $15.06

IMI
