# File: Kingdom of Willows.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



WX Credics

Written by: Jackie Cassada and Nickie Rea
Developed by: lan Lemke

Edited by: Ed McKeogh

Additional Editing by: Cynthia Summers
Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Mike Danza, Rebecca Guay, Pia Guerra,
Eric Holtz, Matt Mitchell, Jeremy Olson,
James Stowe, Drew Tucker

Front Cover Art:Adam Rex

Cover Design:Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

b
© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-

served. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
B SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

poses of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may
be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf Pub-
lishing, Inc. Allrights reserved. Aion, Werewolfthe Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming
and Werewolf the Wild West Rage Across A ppalacia, The GAME STUDIO
Shadow Court, Nobles: The Shining Host, Noblesse

Oblege: The Book of Houses, Changling Players

Guide,Necropolis Atlanta, Wraith Players Guide, Shadow

Players Guide, and The Enchanted are trademarks of _ forsettings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatu

White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All char- ral elements are fiction and intended for entertainment put-
acters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by _ poses only. Reader discretion is advised.
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Check out White Wolf online at

The mention of or reference to any company or http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark —_and rec.games.frp.storyteller
or copyright concerned. This book uses the supernatural PRINTED IN USA.

Kingdom oF Willows

Coneents

Magnolias Fade, Willows eep 4
Incroduczion 16
Book One: Dredms Fa Losc Pasc

Chapcer One: Hiscory of cheKingdom oF Willows 2,
Chapzer Tio: Geography 48
Chapcer Three: Politics and Cutcare 18
Book Two: Dreams oF a Troubled Fucure

Chapcer Four: Kichain ofthe"Kingdom O2,
Chapzer Five: Gallain and 6ehers 138

Chapcer Six: Storycelling


"Certainly no one can fault your hospitality, sire," Duke
Firedrake observed from behind his chimerical dragonhead
mask. "The High King and Queen will have to scour the length
and breadth of Concordia to find more lavish and gracious
entertainment than this."

Meilge ap Eiluned, King of Willows, nodded somberly in
response to the Duke of Cotton's compliment. From his van-
tage point along the railing of the galleried balcony, the sidhe
monarch looked down upon the glittering array of nobles
dancing to the lush strains of the "Waltz of the Weeping
Willows."

"They do seem to be enjoying themselves," he remarked,
leaving no question as to who "they" were. In the center of the
ballroom, David Ardry, High King of Concordia, led Faerilyth
Nimania lin Ardry, his new bride and — by royal fiat — High
Queen, in the measured steps of the waltz.

_
2)

"Sending her to Tara-Nar was a brilliant idea, Your Maj-
esty," Firedrake said. "Thanks to you, Willows has considerably
more than the High King's ear."

Meilge frowned. "I assure you, my friend, I had no idea my
ward would capture the High King's heart. My intention was
simply to introduce Faerilyth to the royal court. What she has
accomplished is entirely due to her own merits." The King of
Willows caught a slight movement in one of the darkened
rooms off the balcony promenade. "If you will excuse me, Ihave
some duties to attend to before the last dance."

Duke Firedrake bowed to his liege as Meilge took his leave.
The King of Willows moved swiftly down the gallery toward
the rear of the penthouse palace and entered a room off the
promenade.

A few minutes later, Firedrake, left alone to observe the
festivities, caught sight of Duchess Igrania, resplendent in a

Dagnotias Fade, Willows Weep 5

>>) n>
YAC

Ts

Ss

iw

Toe
NAN


pale pink gown and pearl-beaded mask. The Duke of Cotton
descended the broad marble staircase to join her on the dance
floor.

VR

Se e 2

Meilge did not bother to turn on the light but contin-
ued through the dark room until he came to a pair of glass
double doors. Opening them, he stepped onto a small
balcony that overlooked a terraced garden on the floor
below. Even further beneath him, the city of Atlanta sprawled
in its nighttime glory, its buildingtops a-twinkle with lights.
On the horizon, a moving line of lights lit the darkness like
thousands of fireflies traveling toward some unseen destiny.

A warm breeze ruffled the hair above Meilge's mask,
carrying with it the overpowering scent of magnolias from
the terrace. The Eiluned king inhaled deeply, savoring the
honeyed sweetness of the perfumed air.

"Is everything ready?" he said softly into the darkness.

"Allis as it should be," a barely audible voice answered.
Meilge felt rather than saw a flicker of movement. Then
something pressed against his palm. Meilge closed his hand
ona small glass vial and smiled to himself. His guests were
waiting.

SOY
SS

Kir

xX

cy

L2

2 e e

"Are you happy to be back home?" David Ardry asked his
wife as they circled the dance floor, blending their movements
with those of the other dancers.

High Queen Faerilyth smiled and rested her head for a
moment on her husband's shoulder. "My home is with you,
my dearest lord," she said contentedly. "But, yes, | am happy
to be here again, if only for a few short days."

"I cannot thank King Meilge enough for sending you to
my court," David said. "Although, I felt certain it was my
cousin who had ensnared your heart even as you captured
mine."

The High Queen laughed softly. "Lleu?" she asked. "He
is a sweet and faithful knight," she said. "I have heard him
called House Gwydion's perfect knight, in fact. But my
heart was yours from the moment I saw you."

The dance ended. David and Faerilyth stepped apart
and bowed to each other.

"Let me show you something," she said, lowering her
voice to a conspiratorial whisper.

Taking David by the hand, Faerilyth led him from the
dance floor toa long table, laden with food and drink, along
one side of the ballroom. In the table's center, a magnificent
cream-colored magnolia blossom floated placidly in a shal-
low crystal bowl.

"The scent can fill an entire room in seconds," the young
High Queen told her husband. "You always know when the
magnolias are in bloom."

David Ardry, his face obscured by his golden falcon's
mask, looked at his queen, his eyes alight with good humor.
Smiling, he extended a fingertip toward one of the blossom's
broad, graceful petals.


SIS
YEU sS)

"No!" Faerilyth caught David's hand and brought it to her
lips. Behind her silver crescent half-mask, the warmth in her
eyes belied the caution in her voice. "Don't touch it," she said.
"The petals are so fragile that even the slightest contact will
make the entire bloom turn brown and wither within a matter
of minutes."

"T'll have to remember that," he said. "How do you pick
them if they're so easily marred?"

Faerilyth laughed. "Very carefully, my lord," she said. "It's
all right to touch the stem. Only the blossoms are so very
vulnerable. I discovered that when I was very young, after
Uncle Meilge brought me here. He warned me not to touch
them, and told me what would happen if I did." The High
Queen hesitated.

"Let me finish the story," David said. "You had to see for
yourself whether or not he was telling the truth or just teasing
you. So you touched one, just the tiniest bit."

The High Queen nodded. "My finger left an ugly brown
spot on the petal. Then, as I watched, the stain spread until the
whole blossom wilted. I was horrified. It was as though I had
killed something or destroyed a rare beauty that could never be
replaced."

"You are the rare beauty," David said. The softness in his
voice gave meaning to the courtly compliment.

"That she is, Your Majesty," King Meilge interjected
himself into the conversation, approaching the royal couple
from behind to stand between the High King and Queen. "And
your gain is, unfortunately, my loss."

"T hope that you will not lose me entirely, sire," Faerilyth
said, standing on tiptoe to place a kiss on her mentor's craggy
cheek. "This tour is proof that I do not intend to stay locked
away in Tara-Nar."

Meilge stepped back from the couple and bowed, first to
High King David and then to Faerilyth. He raised a hand and,
at his signal, the musicians fell silent. The couples stopped
dancing and gathered in a semicircle a discreet distance from
the royal couple and their host.

A young boy wearing the black-and-silver livery of House
Eiluned along with Meilge's household badge approached the
trio. In his hands, the boy bore a silver tray with three goblets
of wine. Other pages circulated among the guests, passing out
similar goblets, all bearing the Eiluned crest etched into their
crystal surfaces.

"As the King of Willows, I welcome Your Royal Majesties
to my freehold of Willow's Heart!" Meilge's cultured voice
reverberated throughout the ballroom. A round of applause,
muted by gloved hands, answered the Eiluned lord's words.

"Thank you, from both of us, for your courtesy and your
hospitality," David responded, acknowledging both his host
and the gathering with an outstretched arm.

"In your honor," Meilge continued, "I would propose a
toast." The King of Willows waited as the page approached and,
bowing deeply, raised the before him. David and Faerilyth each
took a goblet. Meilge took the remaining goblet and held it
aloft toward his royal guests.


"To the High King and Queen," Meilge announced. "May
your reign be prosperous and fruitful. May this night, which
begins your Grand Tour of Concordia, in this, your most loyal
fiefdom, linger long in your memories!"

David and Faerilyth drank, followed by the guests and,
finally, by Meilge himself.

The King of Willows felt the smooth, light liquid dissolve
the small tablet he held clenched between his teeth. His lips
curled upward in satisfaction, knowing that the pill would
counteract the effects of the Glamour-tainted wine he had just
served to the High King and Queen.

First David and then Faerilyth offered their own toasts in
return, as Meilge's page produced a wine bottle and refilled
their goblets. Meilge waved his hand once more, and the band
struck up a lively gavotte. Once more, the dance floor filled
with couples. David led Faerilyth into their midst. Contented,
Meilge watched them join the dancers swirling around the
ballroom. By his calculations, the wine would begin to affect
the royal couple in just under 15 minutes. Dismissing his page,
Meilge made his way across the crowded floor, speaking to
various guests along his route. At the far end of the ballroom,
Meilge passed under a broad archway and made his way through
the palace to his study.

e e e@

Faerilyth laughed softly to herself as she moved in the
circle of David's arms. The last dance of the ball had just
been called, and she wanted to end the evening as she had
begun it, close to her husband. "This has been a perfect
evening," she whispered in his ear. David nodded, pressing
his cheek close to hers.

"What did you enjoy most about tonight?" he asked, his
voice soft and slightly slurred.

"Everything!" Faerilyth replied instantly, then decided
that her husband deserved a better answer. She tried to
think back to the party's beginning and found it difficult to
concentrate. The events of the evening formed an incoher-
ent jumble in her memory, a grand array of masked lords and
ladies, of chimerical entertainments and —

"The storyteller," she heard herself say. "I think I liked
my uncle's storyteller best."

David nodded, his eyesight blurring as a sudden waft of
magnolias filled his nostrils. He blinked and tried to con-
centrate on his wife's voice.

"I remember him, too," the High King said, or thought
he said. "He was an eshu, wasn't he? And he had a strange
name."

"Seif Raushan," Faerilyth replied, the name coming to
her from some unknown font of information. "It's an Islamic
name that means ‘Sword of Brightness,' or so he said," she
added, finding another fact rising unbidden to the surface of
her befuddled mind. "His stories held me fast."

"Not so fast as I, I hope," David replied. This time his
ears caught the sound of his voice clearly, but the speaking
took a great deal of effort. He started and nearly stumbled as
he felt a hand on his shoulder.

(Wo = = = ee =e Dar 5 Bg SS my ome

"Sire, if I might draw you away for a moment," Meilge
spoke softly, but both David and Faerilyth caught the ur-
gency in his voice.

"The dance is almost done, uncle," Faerilyth said. "Can't
you wait a moment more before you take my husband from
me?" She meant her voice to sound playful and cajoling,
rather than plaintive.

Meilge ignored his ward, speaking once more to the
High King.

"Sire, I beg you to heed me. If it were not of exceeding
importance, I would not dream of interrupting this last
dance of the evening."

David nodded solemnly, detaching himself carefully
from Faerilyth. "It's all right, dear one," he said. "I'll be back
before the music stops." He kissed the High Queen's hand
and allowed his host to lead him away.

Meilge escorted David along the edge of the crowd to
the side of the ballroom, where he parted a heavy curtain,
revealing a narrow door that opened at his touch.

"This passage is one I use when haste is necessary," the
King of Willows said. "It leads directly to my study."

Meilge kept his hand on David's shoulder as he guided
the High King before him down the dimly lit corridor and
through the door at its end. Once inside his study, the
Eiluned noble released his hold on his guest. The High King
swayed and nearly fell. Meilge helped him to a chair, in-
wardly jubilant that the wine had disoriented David, render-
ing him physically weak and mentally suggestible. The High
King leaned back in his chair as the room spun. He closed his
eyes and tried to regain control over his tumbling senses.
Somewhere deep within, David felt himself resisting his lack
of control.

This isn't right! What's happening to—? his inner voice
shouted. Almost as soon as the thought occurred to him, he
felt an unnatural calm wash through him, suppressing the
anxiety.

"Your Majesty," Meilge said, kneeling before his slouch-
ing lord and speaking directly into his face. "You must listen
carefully, for your life and your safety depend on it."

David's eyelids felt as though they were made of lead as
he forced his eyes open. "I am listening," he said, his words
barely intelligible.

"Word has just come to me that the Parliament of
Dreams, meeting in secret session, has voted to remove you
from the throne. A contingent of Knights of the Red Branch
—not yours — has been dispatched to take you into custody
and demand that you surrender your crown and your throne.
They are traveling by faerie trod, and will be here in
moments, I fear."

David felt a cold sickness rise inside him at Meilge's
words. "Why is this happening?" he said, struggling to make
himself heard through the fog growing inside his head.

Meilge shook his head, laying a reassuring hand on the
High King's knee. "Those politics are beyond me, my lord,"
he replied. "What is in my power is the ability to take you to

safety. But you must come at once, before the Red Branch
arrives."

"Faerilyth?" David asked suddenly, lurching clumsily
from the chair in an attempt to stand. Meilge caught him
and helped the High King to his feet, steadying him with
both his hands.

"Your wife is even now on her way to safety," he said.
"Do you understand what I have just told you?"

David nodded, feeling as if he were struggling to lift a
heavy weight just to give a coherent answer. "I understand
that I am no longer High King," he said. "And that you will
take me to a place of safety. For how long?"

Before Meilge could answer, both men started as a
blinding light flashed at David's side.

"Caliburn!" David cried, reaching for the enchanted
blade that symbolized his office. Since his accession to the
position of High King during the Accordance War, he had
never been without the Sword of the High King. Now his
sword belt was empty — sword and sheath gone as though
they had never been. "It has deserted me," he whispered.

"David," Meilge said, using his guest's given name for
the first time. "There is no time. We must go."

David Ardry stared at the King of Willows, his eyes
mirroring his lost hope. "Do with me as you will," he said, his
voice empty and dull.

"This way, then." Meilge's voice was commanding. He
took David by the elbow and herded him to an elevator
inside the study. "This will take us to the ground. I have acar
waiting to take you away."

e @ e

A battered black van idled outside the building as Meilge
ushered David into the Atlanta night. At his appearance, a
man in dark clothing stepped from the vehicle and opened the
side door. Meilge steered David toward the van.

"Inside, quickly," he said, prodding David in the direction
of the open door as arms from within the van reached out and
pulled the dazed king inside. Meilge watched as the dark-clad
man slammed the door shut then turned to climb into the seat
beside the driver.

The King of Willows stepped toward the open window.
"You know what to do?" he asked.

The man nodded. "The instructions were explicit," he
said.

"Then do it quickly," Meilge replied.

He watched as the van roared off into the night, joining
the line of traffic that moved in its ceaseless course through the
city.

Meilge turned away, barely able to contain his elation as
he composed himself to rejoin the party. "I'm afraid the last
dance is done," he muttered to himself.

Ss t) e@

The guests were lining up to bid farewell to their host and
his guests of honor as Meilge made his way across the ballroom
to stand beside Faerilyth near the door.

MDagnotias Fade, Willows Weep 9


"4

Me
i}

"Where is the High King?" he asked his ward, looking
around him as if searching for David Ardry.

"] thought he was with you, uncle," Faerilyth said, sur-
prised at seeing Meilge return alone.

Meilge shook his head. "I brought him to my study where
Iwas told an urgent letter awaited him. I left him there to peruse
its contents in private." Lies had always come easily to the King
of Willows, and Meilge managed to inject this one with just the
right amount of confused concern. "Did he not return here?"

Faerilyth shook her head, her surprise turning to worry.

Meilge caught the eye of Berin O'Donnell, the captain of
his personal guard. He had been careful to see that the wine
drunk by the Scathach knight had been lightly dosed with the
same poison given to David and Faerilyth. Though not directly
charged with the protection of the High King, Meilge knew
that O'Donnell would assume that duty unless diverted. That
would have ruined his plans. A cup laced with the Dreambane
potion anda small suggestion to Captain O'Donnell to concen-
trate on some of the lesser guests had been enough to ensure his
ignorance of recent events.

"My lord?" O'Donnell parted the crowd expertly as he ap-
proached his liege.

"It seems that the High King has vanished," Meilge said,
deliberately pitching his voice so that, although he appeared to be
whispering, the first few guests in the reception line could clearly
hear his words. "Take your best men and search the palace from top
to bottom," the King of Willows ordered. "Report to me when you
have found him — or if you fail to do so."

O'Donnell bowed and left the room, calling out names in a
clipped, authoritative voice as he went.

Meilge turned to Faerilyth and took her hand in both of his.
"Weill find your husband, Your Royal Majesty," he said formally.
"In the meantime, you are safe with me."

Meilge let go of the High Queen's hand and faced the
confused guests. "Lords and ladies, friends," he said, raising his
voice tocarry to the furthest comers of the room. "I regret to inform
you that His Royal Highness is unable to attend the final festivities
at this time. I anticipate his return shortly, and ask you all to
remain and enjoy yourselves until he is once more with us. The
dances are over, but food and good conversation remain. Please,
help yourself to both."

As soon as he had finished speaking, the line of guests
dispersed into small groups, whispering excitedly among them-
selves at the unexpected turn of events. Meilge's eyes narrowed
for a moment. This was as he had hoped. Rumors based on
nothing more than innuendo and a few choice phrases spoken
just within the range of hearing would circulate quickly as each
person attempted to make sense of what had just occurred.

From the back of the room, a sudden cry went up. "He has
the sword!"

Meilge felt a cold surge of panic, but steeled himself to
conceal any outward sign of fear.

"Who has what sword?" he called out. "Come forward,
whoever you are, and if you do have a sword, see that it is
pointed at no one present."

n

Ter Z ee ee Lex VQ Vex

A

S)

The King of Willows watched as a figure wound through
the press of guests.

"It's your storyteller," Faerilyth murmured, as the young
eshu stepped forward out of the crowd and knelt before King
Meilge and the High Queen, his hands outstretched before
him, palms upward. At his waist hung a sheath, and across his
flattened palms lay a faintly glowing sword.

"My lord," he said, then paused as he realized that the king
had not yet given him leave to speak.

"Go on," Meilge said, his voice impatient as he fixed his
eyes upon the blade that had just vanished from David
Ardry's side.

"My lord," Seif Raushan began again. "Your Royal
Majesty," he continued, this time addressing Faerilyth, "I
was waiting my turn in line to bid farewell to the High King
and Queen when your announcement sparked a wave of
speculation among the guests. Someone said that the High
King had disappeared. Another courtier replied that some-
one had abducted him. Then I heard someone else suggest
that the High Queen was behind a plot to overthrow the
High King and rule in his stead. | could not stand to hear
such a lie spoken in my presence, so I defended Her Royal
Majesty. I said that her love for her husband and her loyalty
to Concordia speak of a character that would never stoop to
so base a deed. I had barely spoken the words when a brilliant
light surrounded me and —, this," he gestured with his head
toward the sword, "appeared in my hands."

"That is Caliburn you hold!" Faerilyth exclaimed. "It is
the High King's sword and the symbol of his office. Caliburn
has never been parted from him and never will be until —,"
her voice broke off. She swallowed hard as the room began
to rise up to meet her and a hot brightness surrounded her
face. "Until he chooses to abdicate or dies," she finished,
just before the light in her eyes exploded into sweet dark-
ness.

e i] e

The first blow struck David as he felt the van pull away
from the curb. He screamed as searing pain lanced through his
ribs, and he recognized the deadly impact of cold iron on his
faerie self. He raised a hand to ward offa second blow, but a pair
of muscled arms pinned him to the floor of the van.

"Don't kill him, Marco," a husky voice snarled. "We got
orders just to knock him out with the pipes."

"I know what I'm doin', Frankie," a second, reedy voice
answered. "Once ain't enough for someone his size and weight.
Even if these things ain't like the usual ones. Why'd we have to
use these wrought-iron things?" The second blow struck the
king on the back. David gritted his teeth and bit back the urge
to scream again.

"Another one should do it, if I'm not mistaken. He's
already woozy from the drugs."

Through eyes blurred with tears of agony and rage, David
could barely make out what looked like an iron cage set inside
the van. A chill ran through his body just before the third blow

drove him into unconsciousness.

S eS L]

Faerilyth awoke to find herself seated in a comfortable
chair in Meilge's study. Meilge himself was kneeling at her side,
along with Seif, the storyteller, and Lleu Ardwyad ap Gwydion,
her husband's cousin. Also in the room, Duke Firedrake and
Duchess Igrania stood glaring at each other on opposite sides of
the door, and standing behind King Meilge, Berin O'Donnell
looked uneasily at Faerilyth.

Lleu's green eyes mirrored his relief as the High Queen
looked dazedly around her. "Are you all right, my lady?" he
asked, his deep-timbered voice low and soothing. "We feared
that some terrible mishap had befallen you—"

"I am fine," Faerilyth replied, realizing as she spoke that
the confusion that had clouded her mind earlier had vanished,
leaving her in command of her faculties. "Have you found my
husband?" she asked.

Meilge shook his head sadly. "My guard captain was most
thorough," he replied. "The High King is nowhere to be found."

"There are additional problems, Your Majesty," Lleu inter-
jected.

"What more could happen?" Faerilyth snapped. "My hus-
band has vanished. The High King has vanished! His sword—,"
her voice trailed off as she turned her head to look at Seif
Raushan. The young eshu now wore Caliburn belted at his
waist.

"My lady, Allah knows I would give the sword into your
hands if I could," he began. "For with King David gone, the
tulership of Concordia rightfully falls to you. But Caliburn will
not let me surrender it to another's possession."

"What do you mean, it will not let you give it up?" Faerilyth
looked more closely at the young storyteller. His guileless face
bore no sign of obstinacy or willfulness, only a soft resignation
and a worried frown.

"The sword has spoken to me," Seif whispered. "Not aloud,
so that all could hear and believe, but in my mind and in my
heart. Caliburn has told me that it is my destiny to go in search
of the High King, wherever he may be. Only by finding him will
I be able to restore his sword to him, and put to rest any
suspicions about your part in his disappearance."

"My part?" Faerilyth looked to Meilge. "What does this
mean?" Meilge rose to his feet.

"Your Royal Majesty," he said. "Much has happened in the
two hours since you lost consciousness. We have had to
conclude that the High King has, in fact, disappeared. | felt
compelled to notify his sister, Queen Morwen, of the problem.
She has sent word to me that, in her brother's absence, she is
assuming the Regency for his designated heir, Princess Lenore."

Faerilyth's eyes narrowed, and she straightened in her
chair, about to speak.

Meilge raised a hand in a gesture of supplication.

"Please, Your Majesty, allow me to present you with a
complete picture of your — our — present situation," he said.

Faerilyth pressed her lips together tightly and nodded.

"It is our feeling," Meilge continued, "and I amcertain

Magnolias Fade, Willows Weep it

SAY

y SY,
yy
y


FL,

SS)

Sat ®,

©

that many others will support us in this, that David declared
you his High Queen and equal to him in rulership. His unfor-
tunate disappearance means that the Crown of Concordia
passes to you, not to his heir or to his sister. Queen Morwen has
demanded that you return to the Tara-Nar to await news of
your husband. I feel this is the worst thing you could do, Your
Majesty."

Meilge paused for a moment, watching Faerilyth's face for
signs of impatience.

The High Queen took a deep breath and inclined her head
toward her mentor. "I would be interested in hearing your
reasoning as to why returning to my sister-in-law is such a bad
idea," she said. Inwardly, Faerilyth marveled at the composure
inher voice. Already her heart ached at the thought that David
was no longer at her side.

Meilge bowed his head in acknowledgment of Faerilyth's
request. "You have been High Queen for too short a time, and
you have few friends in Morwen's lands beyond those whose
connection to you is through David Ardry. Here in the King-
dom of Willows you have many loyal friends and supporters. I
would prefer, for your own safety, that you remain under my
protection and in the care of those who love you."

Meilge looked solicitously at Faerilyth.

"I would hear from the rest of you before | make any
decisions concerning myself or the Kingdom of Concordia,"
Faerilyth said, looking around at the six other people in the
room with her, then addressing her next words to Meilge. "In
one part, at least, you are accurate in your assessment of the
situation: I am the High Queen and sole ruler of Concordia
until such time as my husband, David Ardry, returns that | may
take my place at his side."

As she spoke, Faerilyth's body seemed to grow even more
regal. Her delicate features radiated an inner strength and
authority that Meilge had never seen before.

Turning to the eshu storyteller, who started from his
position next to Lleu at the High Queen's feet, she gestured for
him to rise. He obeyed her and stepped backward, expecting to
be dismissed as the only commoner among the group of noble
sidhe. Faerilyth extended a hand to him, stopping him in his
place.

"Seif Raushan, king's storyteller," she said, a smile
playing at the corners of her lips, "you bear at your side the
Sword of the High King of Concordia, claiming that it has
chosen you as its trustee. Why, then, do you not challenge
me for the position of High King, as would seem to be your
right?"

Seif looked stricken. He dropped to his knees again, his
inexpert hand fumbling at the sword. Slowly easing Caliburn
from his belt, he offered it, hilt first to the High Queen."
Your Royal Majesty," he began, raising his head as he spoke
to meet the High Queen's gaze with his own direct, piercing
look. "Caliburn chose me for your sake. I am not the wielder
of the sword, but only its bearer. As the chosen bearer of
Caliburn, therefore, it falls upon me to seek the one whostill
holds title to it — the High King David Ardry."

Le RO Yey ~ ge ee DX = gn ~~ — ~— ge Yey QQ


"That right should have come to me," Lleu spoke out, his
voice impassioned and bristling with anger. "What claim do
you have on my cousin's wife or on the symbol of his office?" His
hand strayed to the sword he wore in a sheath at his hip.

Seif rose to his feet and turned to face his challenger,
holding Caliburn carefully, point down, at his side.

"I claim nothing, Sir Lleu, save what Caliburn has decreed
for me, but if you offer challenge, I cannot refuse you, though
I stand no chance against one of your skill and merit."

Duchess Igrania bolted forward from her post by the door,
and positioned herself squarely between the knight of House
Gwydion and the eshu storyteller.

"This is neither the time nor the place for posturing or
the issuance of duels, particularly one-sided ones," she said
sternly, pinning Lleu Ardwyad with a look. "From every-
thing I have heard, it seems that Caliburn has chosen who
will search for the High King or for evidence as to his fate,"
she nodded to Seif, before turning her attention once more
to the sidhe knight.

"There is still a role for you, Sir Lleu, which I believe
lends itself more to your inclinations. The High Queen's
position is by no means secure. As King Meilge has so aptly
illustrated, she has few friends of her own outside the
Kingdom of Willows. Queen Morwen already disputes her
claim to the throne. There will be others who seek to
challenge her for the right to rule Concordia, and still others
who will place the blame for the High King's disappearance
on the shoulders of his Eiluned wife. The High Queen needs
achampion." She paused in her speech to let her words sink
in before she curtsied to Faerilyth.

"Your Royal Majesty," Igrania said. "These will be
difficult times for you, and you will be asked to bear much.
It is good that you have grown up here, in the Kingdom of
Willows, for you must learn to act like the tree for which this
land is named. You must bend with the winds of change or
else be broken by them."

Faerilyth looked at Duchess Igrania, in some ways more
her mentor than Meilge. Igrania had enlisted Faerilyth in the
Cat's Cradle, putting her in touch with Seelie and Unseelie
noblewomen throughout Concordia. Igrania was never with-
out a plan; the High Queen now waited to see it unfold. By her
reckoning, the duchess had just placed David's cousin Lleu in
check.

"There is no one more qualified or more willing to serve as
the High Queen's Champion than I," Sir Lleu said.

Duchess Igrania nodded and stepped back, resuming her
original place by the door. Duke Firedrake glared at her, then
winked and crossed his arms in front of him.

Lleu Ardwyad knelt before Faerilyth. "Your Royal Maj-
esty," he said. "I beg you to accept my sword arm to serve as your
defender and protector."

Faerilyth saw the broad smile on Igrania's face. Checkmate.
She nodded her acceptance of her cousin-in-law's offer. "I will
take your oath, Sir Lleu, before this evening is over."

Faerilyth glanced toward Meilge again.

&

ATS
Body

"Your offer of protection and sanctuary gives me comfort,
uncle," Faerilyth said to the King of Willows. "But I must refuse
it with the most profound regret." Faerilyth stood up, seeming
to tower over the others in the room, despite her diminutive
size.

"Tf it is true that I have few friends outside the Kingdom of
Willows, then it is incumbent upon me to correct that defi-
ciency. One of the reasons the High King decided upon a
Grand Tour of his realm was to introduce all the kingdoms of
Concordia to their High Queen. That purpose remains in
force."

She paused as she heard Igrania's almost inaudible "Bravo!"

"J shall remain here in Willow's Heart for three days, after
which I will continue my Grand Tour of the Kingdom of
Willows and the rest of Concordia. I will keep the itinerary
originally planned by my husband and me. My cousin, Sir Lleu,
shall accompany me as Queen's Champion."

Duchess Igrania stepped forward.

"By your leave, Your Royal Majesty, I would make the
journey with youas well. You will need a chaperone for the sake
of propriety, and I must confess to a desire to see those parts of
Concordia that lie beyond my own experience."

"Then I, too, will accompany your royal majesty on this
Grand Tour," Duke Firedrake asserted in a booming voice as he
strode forward. Stopping before the High Queen, he executed
aperfect courtier's bow, bending from the waist and holding his
position fora full five seconds before resuming his rigid, upright
posture. The Duke of Cotton faced Duchess Igraniaashe spoke.

"J will not let you take this opportunity, madam, to win
support for your territorial claims to my lands," he said. "Be-
sides, you may need a strong sword arm to defend you while Sir
Lleu is busy fending off the wolves from the High Queen's
throat. Your pardon, Majesty," he finished, bowing his head to
Faerilyth.

The High Queen bit down hard on her lower lip to keep
from laughing aloud at the duke's bluster. Her expression grew
serious once more as she turned to Meilge.

"Your Majesty," she said, "I have just received offers of
fealty and service from those who have previously sworn such
to you. As I hold your oath as High Queen, will you acknowl-
edge my right of precedence and allow them to swear them-
selves directly to me?"

Meilge stared intently at Faerilyth. He had trained her too
well in the ways of court politics. In this, at least, she had
unwittingly outmaneuvered him. Hiding his reluctance, the
King of Willows nodded his head.

"You are High Queen," he said. "Take what is yours by
right."

"Then there is one thing I must do before I take your
oaths," she said. "Seif Raushan, come kneel before me. May I
borrow a sword from someone?"

Before she had finished speaking, Berin O'Donnell's sword
was held out to her. Faerilyth took the blade from Meilge's
captain of the guard and touched it to the shoulders of the
kneeling eshu.

Magnolias Fade, Willows Weep 13

cro

NOIOSRIOSS

Si

SOY
a,

CL,

OSS

ff

Seta

Lo
ie

SS

14 Kingdom of Willows

Dy ie

xo

"Rise, Sir Seif Raushan, Chosen of Caliburn," she said. "I
will take your oath now, along with those of these nobles who
will assist me in my journey."

Sir Seif remained on his knees as he looked up at the High
Queen.

"My lady queen," he said, his voice trembling with the
sudden shock of his unexpected knighting. "I will gladly swear
my loyalty to you, but I cannot accompany you on the Grand
Tour. My quest begins tonight, and where it will lead me only
Caliburn can say."

Faerilyth nodded. "Well spoken, Sir Seif," she said gently.
"T will hear your oath first, then, so that you may be on your way."

eS 2 e

The van hurtled north on 1-85, leaving Atlanta far behind.

"How's he doing, Roy?" the driver asked the dark-clad man
in the seat beside him.

Roy looked left over his shoulder at the still form now
curled upon himself inside the iron cage bolted to the floor of
the van. "Sleepin' like a baby," he said. "Are you sure he's not
dead?" Roy asked the two men in the back seat of the van.

"Nah, he's just out of it. He's breathin' and whimperin'."

"You didn't break anything, did you, Marco?" the driver
called to the largest of the pair behind him.

"I know how to hurt a man without scratching the polish,"
Marco replied. "He'll be all right in a couple of days."

"So what do we do with him now, Jake?" Marco's backseat
companion asked, directing his question to the driver.

"We do what we were told to do, Frankie. We keep him
with us and make sure he don't come near anything that might
remind him of who he is."

"Great," Roy said. "How do we know what that is? And
who is he?"

"He's someone who pissed off the Big Man," Jake said.
"How the hell do I know who he is? All I know is that we don't
take him to anything fancy: no museums, symphonies, plays —
nothin' like that."

"Right, like we do that shit all the time," Frankie snorted.
"So we dose him up on cheap liquor, greasy food, take him to
our favorite strip joints — I wonder if he's a wrestling fan?"

"I guess he will be," Roy said.

"The boss said that when he comes out of it, he won't know
who he is, so we should give him a name and tell him that it's
his. You took his ID, right?"

"He didn't have nothin' on him when we searched him,"
Frankie said. "I guess the Big Man kept it."

Jake nodded. "So long as he don't have anything to tell
him who he really is, I don't give a shit who kept what."

"So, what's with the iron cage?" Marco asked.

"It's supposed to make him weak," Jake answered. "It fucks
up his immune system or something. It's like an allergic
reaction. I don't understand it, but the boss wanted it for the
trip, so that's what he got. We'll sell it for scrap as soon as we
cross the border."


"Speaking of borders, where are we going?" Roy asked.

"Anywhere we want," Jake said. "The boss just said to get
him the hell away from Atlanta and stick with him. He said our
‘companionship' would keep him in line. I think he meant it as
a compliment."

"How about New York? ain't been there, yet," Marco said.

"You ain't been anywhere outside Atlanta," Frankie said.
"Why not Chicago or Detroit?"

"Let's go all the hell of the way to California," Roy
suggested.

"We got plenty of time to decide," Jake said. "Look for a gas
station, first. I gotta take a leak."

t) t) e

Meilge stood on the balcony and watched the rising sun
greet Atlanta. In his hand, he held the magnolia blossom that
had formed the centerpiece of the previous evening's banquet
table. Absently, he touched a petal with his fingertip, watching
as a small brown stain took shape where his flesh contacted the
surface of the creamy blossom. He had been unable to sleep.
Recent events had not turned out precisely as he had planned,
but on the whole, he was satisfied that he had accomplished
most of his goals.

By far, he would have preferred for Faerilyth to remain
where he could keep an eye on her, but even that was not

beyond his capacity. He would speak with Riel, his sluagh
spymaster, later this morning and order him to arrange for
constant surveillance of Faerilyth and the rest of her entourage
as they embarked on the Grand Tour.

He had hoped that the poisoned wine would have had a
more potent effect on Faerilyth, as it had on her husband. It was
too easy to convince the High King that he had been deposed
and that the Knights of the Red Branch were on their way to
take him into custody. Faerilyth should have accepted his offer
of sanctuary as easily. He shook his head in silent recrimination.

There would still be time, in the future, after she returned
from her Grand Tour, to administer another dose —a stronger
one— of the Dreambane infusion to render her amenable to his
suggestion that she appoint him High King in David's place.

In the meanwhile, let her and her champion traipse
around the countryside. While Faerilyth was winning friends,
he would be influencing others in more subtle ways. When
enough members of the Parliament of Dreams were convinced
that Faerilyth had engineered the disappearance of David, she
would remember who had first offered her sanctuary.

Meilge turned away from the sunrise and entered his room,
leaving the now completely withered magnolia blossom on the
balcony floor behind him. He had nurtured Faerilyth carefully.
In time, the seed he had planted would bear fruit. The blood of
House Eiluned would call out to Faerilyth. She would return home.



AS

re

SS

SS

SS be ow
~~)

a aa
SN

mm

Willows are weak, yet they bind other wood.
— George Herbert, Jacula Prudentum

The heady, fragrantaroma of magnoliasdrenchesthe evening
air, wafting from the dark, broad-limbed trees that grace the lawns
of stately mansions and line the avenues of cities throughout the
American South. Both delicate and beautiful, the creamy blos-
nd
fall of too many dreams, each new vision bursting with possibility
only to wither under the harsh touch of reality.

soms epitomize the fragile nature ofa land that hasseen the ri

Along the river banks of the great Southern rivers, graceful
willows stand like silent watchers. These resilient trees trail their
leaves in the waters of the Mi ippi, Tennessee, French Broad,
Shenandoah and many others that wind their way to the ocean or
thread their course into the Mississippi Basin or the Tennessee
Valley. Patient sentinels, the willows embody other dreams of the
South, those that have learned to survive the drastic changes of
time and fortune that have marked the land and its people.

Kingdom of Willows, the first sourcebook for the realms that
make up the Kingdom of Concordia, isa book about dreams — the
dreams of the changelings of the southern United States. It does
not provide answers or easy solutions to the problems facing the
changelings of the South, for to do so would transform potential
into something tangible and immutable, and that is the death of
dreaming. This is a book about questions and possibilities.

The Kithain of the Kingdom of Willows represent a broad
spectrum of beliefs and visions: from the sidhe nobles who,
divorced from the region's turbulent and often bloody history,
nevertheless symbolize the stagnant dreams of the aristocracy to
the commoner kith, whose own stories reflect the changing
directions of the new South. Here, too, reside remnants of even

la
Be

older faeries — the Nunnehi, the dream children of the Native
Americans who once populated the coastal plains and fert
valleys from the Atlantic to the Mississippi. Their stolen dreams
seek a chance to make themselves heard once more.

One figure looms above all the other changelings in the
Kingdom of Willows. King Meilge, scion of House Eiluned, rules
his sun-dappled, fragrant realm from Willow's Heart, his grand
freehold set in the core of metropolitan Atlanta.
during the Resurgence of the sidhe to the lands he occupied before
the Shattering, Meilge has dreamed the future of his kingdom. His
shrewd ambition and canny adaptability have helped propel
Atlanta into the frantic, competitive tempest of the modern world.

ince his return

But there exists another side to this enigmatic leader of the
Kingdom of Willows. Dark dreams torment Meilge — visions in
which he rules more than just a portion of the Kingdom of
Concordia. Nurtured by his own festering desires and envious
ambition, and abetted by the whispers of the Shadow Court, King
Meilge has opened a new chapter in the history of the Kithain.
With his actions, Meilge begins a story of his own devising, one
that he hopes will end when he assumes the throne as High King
of Concordia.

Dood

The mood of Kingdom of Willows combines nostalgia for
the old, lost past with the barely contained excitement of the
new possibilities awakening as the 21st century dawns. The
dreamy stagnation and lethargy of those who refuse to turn their
heads away from visions of a romanticized Southern "Arcadia"

Incroduction 17

Q

SS

SA

e

fa
y

x

re

collide with the impetuous imaginings of prosperity held by
progressive-minded changelings who seek to bring about a rebirth
of their realm.

XK
LE}

iv

This clash of old guard against new breed manifests through-
out both the mortal and changeling worlds of the South. Penetrat-
ing the stifling atmosphere of changelessness, a burst of anticipa-
tion stirs the hearts of Southerners. The signs of imminent change
abound on all sides: harbingers of hope point to a president from
Arkansas, to the growth of major centers of urban culture, to new
investments in the South's financial and economic future. Here,
they say, lies the future, and the people of the South will form the
vanguard of tomorrow. The willow stretches its branches to meet
the winds of change.

Beneath it all, however, old anger smolders in the breasts of
those whodo not forget. Southerners of African descentremember
their ancestors' enslavement by the plantations owners before the
Civil War and the decades of segregation and Jim Crow laws that
sustained and legitimized their continued oppression. Native
Americans have not forgotten that these lands belonged to them
until the ambitions of the white colonists cut them out of the
American Dream. Poor whites continue to eke out a meager
existence on subsistence farms in the mountains and in the Deep
South, missing out on the privileges and prosperity claimed by
their wealthy cousins in the Tidewater and Basin regions. The coal
towns of Kentucky and the mill towns of the Carolinas bear witness
to the economic deprivation of many Southerners. The magnolia
withers at a touch, revealing the decay at its center.

Theme

Several themes run through this book. Perhaps chief among
them is that ambition is its own reward, often coming at great cost
to personal honor. Sometimes the price of getting what you wish
for outweighs the reality of the wish.

In addition to the mortal guises that mask the faerie nature of
changelings, Southern changelings often cloak themselves in
other masks — either physical, like the half-mask frequently worn
by King Meilge, or psychological masks that cloak true feelings
beneath a patina of elaborate manners and customs. What you see
is not always what you get. The appearance of honor often substi-
tutes for true honor, and few recognize the difference until it is too late.

Dreams of modernity and prosperity permeate the South,
from the ambitions of metropolitan Atlanta to the smaller dreams
of tourist havens scattered throughout the scenic region. New
Orleans; Baltimore; Richmond; Washington, D.C.; the Research
Triangle of Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill; the growing cities of
Nashville, Memphis, Knoxville and Chattanooga — all seek
bigger pieces of the "American Dream." The South is awakening
from its dreams of the past, and is trying to put behind it the
nightmares of civil war, racism and segregation.

Stereotypes abound throughout the South, from the South-
ern gentleman and Southern belle to the good ol' boys and
mountain mamas. These clichéd images represent dreams that
have lost their dynamism, yet stereotypes exist because of those
who fit them. How do these "ready-to-wear" dreams manifest
among the changelings who embody them?

2)


re
es
ws)
ez
a
A
y
(S
A
ey
J
VS}

<F

Everywhere, changelingsand mortalsalike struggle to sort out
what is worth keeping from what needs to be discarded. Should the
new dreams completely supplant the old, or are some aspects of the
past worth keeping? Must the changelings of the Kingdom of
Willows abandon themselves in order to redefine their place in the
new era? If the South "goes modem," what happens to the
romanticism of the Old South? Was it ever really romantic for
those excluded from that dream by skin color or social class?

How To Use This Book

Changeling is about change; the game itself has trans-
muted from its original conception to a second re-imagining.
This first sourcebook for the Kingdom of Concordia introduces
anew concept, that of an ongoing story whose seeds take root
in the Kingdom of Willows, but whose flowers blossom through-
out all the other kingdoms.

Dreams are the font of creativity; creativity cannot hap-
pen without change. Even in the Kingdom of Willows, the
apparent stagnation is deceptive. Kingdom of Willows serves
as the catalyst fora dynamic and epic journey through Concordia.

A)

Concencs

Kingdom of Willows is divided into two books. Book One:
Dreams of a Lost Past explores the history, geography and politics
of the Kingdom of Willows. Book Two: Dreams ofa Troubled Future
outlines the ongoing story that will emerge in future supplements
and introduces the movers and shakers among the Kithain of the
South, as well as other relevant denizens of the World of Darkness.

"Magnolias Fade, Willows Weep," the short story that begins
Kingdom of Willows, focuses on the ambitions of King Meilge,
one of Concordia's most complex and devious rulers, and sets the
tone for the rest of the book.

The Introduction gives an overview of the Kingdom of
Willows, including the mood and theme that together serve to
unify a region of divergent interests and varied populations.

Chapter One: History of the Kingdom of Willows chronicles
the history of the American South, from the original Native
American faeries through the two European invasions and the
later Resurgence. In addition, the story of the growth and devel-
opment of the American South speaks of dreams and promises
made and broken, of victims and profiteers, of war and its after-
math, and of a new South emerging from the ruins.

Chapter Two: Geography outlines the varied regions that
make up the Kingdom of Willows — its duchies and important
lesser domains and their place in the world of both mortals and
changelings. Places of historic interest and Glamour-rich sites
abound in this landscape of raw emotions and tattered dreams.

Chapter Three: Politics and Culture looks at the underlying
schemes and plots at work in the Kingdom of Willows. Featuring
the various political impulses of both the Seelie and Unseelie
Courts, along with the machinations of the Shadow Court, this
section describes the unique phenomenon of "politics — South-
ern Style." Secret societies abound in the Kingdom of Willows;
changeling organizations that exist throughout Concordia have
branchesin the South, butother, unique societies flourish hereas well.


Chapter Four: The Kithain of the Kingdom offers a wealth
of information on Who's Whoamong Southern changelings, from
King Meilge and his counselors to the rulers of the duchies and
important (or just plain interesting) commoners.

Chapter Five: Gallain and Others presents more characters.
In this section, you can find representatives of the Nunnehi who
remain, despite efforts to dislodge them, as well as some of the
strange creatures called Inanimae. Here, also, are other
supernaturals, including vampires, werewolves, wraiths and mages,
who might have cause to interact with the changelings of the
Kingdom of Willows.

Chapter Four: Storytelling supplies background informa-
tion concerning the ongoing story begun in this supplement and
gives hints about future developments. In addition, this section
presents ideas for telling other stories based in the Kingdom of
Willows and offers thoughts on how to incorporate the atmo-
sphere of the South into your stories set in Meilge's domain.

Finally, the Appendix describes important treasures of the
Kingdom of Willows, as well as detailing a new Nunnehi kith and
describing faerie steeds and hounds.

Reference Sources

Storytellers wanting to supplement the information pre-
sented here with additional information may find the following
books, films and music helpful.

Geography and Travel

Travel books abound on most regions of the South. A few
stand out for their better-than-average attention to the atmo-
sphere and history of the areas they cover. The Smithsonian Guide
to Historic Americaseries includes three volumes on the region that
encompasses the Kingdom of Willows: Virginia and the Capitol
Region, The Carolinas and the Appalachian States, and The Deep
South. These colorful, informative books give information on
historic sites, as well as insightful commentaries on the history of
each state covered. Other useful travel books include the Insight
Guides series (Old South, Washington, D.C. and other titles) and
Fodor's Guides (The South and Virginia & Maryland). Quick Escapes
from Washington D.C. , by John Fitzpatrick & Holly J. Burkhalter,
describes a number of scenic excursions in the five-state region
that surrounds the District of Columbia. Its emphasis on "geta-
ways" incorporates both historical and recreational sites, any of
which may serve as backdrops for Changeling stories. In much the
same way, Carolyn Sakowski's series of backroads guides (Touring
the East Tennessee Backroads, Touring the Western North Carolina
Backroads, and others) provide similar perspectives on out-of-the-
way sites.

Hiscory and Culcure

John Berendt's Midnight in the Garden of Goodand Evil sparked
a national phenomenon as readers across the country devoured
this luscious inquiry into a city, a crime, a culture and a region.
Focusing on Savannah, Georgia, this elegantand perceptive work
contains the South in microcosm. Black, White, and Southem, by
David R. Goldfield, looks at the racial tensions and the progress
toward Southern desegregation in the latter part of the 20th

20 Kingdom oF Willows

ry

XS

century. The Southem aristocracy takes center stage in A Class by
Themselves: The Untold Story of the Great Southem Families, by
William Stadiem, while the peculiarities of the antebellum South
comprise the subject of Kenneth S. Greenberg's Honor and Slavery:
Lies, Duels, Noses, Masks, Dressing as a Woman, Gifts, Strangers,
Humanitarianism, Death, Slave Rebellions, the Proslavery Argument,
Baseball, Hunting, Gambling in the Old South. The Carolina Pirates
and Colonial Commerce, 1670-1740, by Shirley Carter Hughson,
discusses the history of piracy along the Carolina coast. The
American South: a History, by William J. Cooper, Jr. and Thomas
E. Terrill, provides a comprehensive overview of the region from
its colonization to the beginning of the 1990s.

The Time-Life series on The American Indians serves as. a good
general introduction to the history, customs, beliefs and present
locations of the native tribes of the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic
regions. In addition, The American Indian in Alabama and the
Southeast by Rev. John Franklin Phillips, chronicles the history of
the Southeastern tribes and their doomed battle to retain their
lands. The author's advocacy of church support for the resurgence
of Native American cultural movements offers many insights into
the complex relationships between well-intentioned missionaries and
native populations. Numerous books on Native American myths and
legends can provide guidelines for stories involving the Nunnehi still
residing within the boundaries of the Kingdom of Willows.

Ficcion and Licerary Cricicism

While Margaret Mitchell's Gone with the Wind may remain
the most popular novel about the South, Southern writers have
figured prominently in American literature since its beginnings.
The novels of Thomas Wolfe, William Faulkner, Eudora Welty,
Carson McCullers and Flannery O'Connor pioneered the "genre"
of Southern fiction; many others continue the tradition of illumi-
nating the peculiarities of the Southern psyche. The list of
contemporary Southern writers includes (in no particular order)
Reynolds Price, Lee Smith, Maya Angelou, Tennessee Williams,
Clyde Edgerton, Bobbie Ann Mason, Louise Shivers, T.R. Pearson,
Gail Godwin, Alice Walker, William Styron, Alex Haley, Fred
Chappell, Toni Morrison, Pat Conroy, Eugenia Price, Dori Sand-
ers, Ernest Gaines, and Doris Betts. Parting the Curtains: Interviews
with Southem Writers, by Dannye Romine Powell, offers insights
into the habits and philosophies of some of the South's most
prolific tellers of stories, while The New Writers of the South, edited
by Charles East, gives a sampling of works by authors who openly
share their dreams of the South.

Films

Gone with the Wind: The film that is most frequently associ-
ated with the South. Forget any critical sensibilities; if you haven't
seen it, you need to, if only to get an idea where all those dreadful
Southern accents came from.

Deliverance: This nightmarish encounter between vacation-
ing city boys from Atlanta and savage mountain men of the
backwoods embodies a grain of truth within its blatant stereotyping.

Roots: This made-for-television, epic miniseries brought
black history to the consciousness of white America for perhaps
the first time.

WoT SOD DODO ODO DODO DOP OPPO >s

The Color Purple: Based on Alice Walker's powerful novel,
this luminous film focuses on black women in the rural South.

To Kill a Mockingbird: The compelling film version of Harper
Lee's tale of a Southern lawyer's defense of a black man accused of
raping a white woman ignited controversy when it first hit the
screen; it retains its original power due to the virtuoso perfor-
mances of its actors.

Long Hot Summer: A torrid Southern melodrama accentuates
the great discrepancies in class between the gentry and the "poor
white trash."

Cat on a Hot Tin Roof: An adaptation of theTennessee
Williams' play opens up the heart of a Souther patriarch and his
dysfunctional family in this steamy drama starring Elizabeth Tay-
lor and Paul Newman.

Thunder Road: Directed by itsstar, Robert Mitchum, thisstory
of moonshiners in Kentucky was filmed in western North Caro-
lina. Panned by the critics, it has gotten better reviews over the
years.

Interview with the Vampire: Think of it as "Dracula meets New
Orleans."

Steel Magnolias: The true strength that lies beneath the
seeming fragility of the Southern woman forms the core of this
evocative film.

Last of the Mohicans: Filmed in the mountains of western
North Carolina, this film version of James Fennimore Cooper's
novel showcases the spectacular scenery of the Appalachian South.

Nell: This is another film utilizing the Appalachian mountain

landscape as a backdrop for a story of primal innocence corrupted
by the best of intentions.

Forrest Gump: Besides its much-touted message of simplicity
and an Academy Award-winning performance by Tom Hanks,
this film contains many typically "Southern" elements.

Prince of Tides: The coastal islands of South Carolina form the
backdrop for this Souther family drama based on Pat Conroy'snovel.

Days of Thunder: Filmed at the Charlotte Motor Speedway
in North Carolina and starring Tom Cruise, this is the quint-
essential stock-car-racing film in which a brash new driver
takes on the pros and beats the odds.

CDusic

The music of the South draws from diverse traditions. The
balladsand tunes of the British Isles form the basis for bluegrass and
Appalachian folk music, while Native American and African
thythms and chants lend their power to religious singing, giving
tise to the infectious and exhilarating Southern gospel tradition.

In New Orleans, the combination of French, African and Indian
cultures produced the unique, upbeat sounds of Cajun folk and
zydeco. Before "the blues" migrated north to Chicago, it had its
beginnings in the Mississippi delta region, Chattanooga and
Memphis. Jazz and Dixieland flourished in the Deep South, while
the origins of rock'n'roll can be seen in southern rockabilly and
and Ole Opry made Country-
ime. Southern rock draws and
audience owing to its bad-boy image, while many new bands
emerge to place their own stamp on modern rock.

thythm-and-blues. Nashvill
Western music a national

9,

AC

NS
we



The Kithain do not make history; they dream history. Or, at least,
that's my opinion of things. I could be wrong.
— Slevin Teague (dog pooka), chronicler to King Meilge

Your Majesties.

In anticipation of your upcoming Grand Tour of Concordia, I submit che following historical
commentary for the first of your destinations: the "Kingdom of "Willows.

Thave availed myself of the talent and expertise of Sir Slevin Teague. chronicler to King Meilge.
reasoning that the most insightful — if not the most accurate — portrait of a.region comes from one
residing therein. My initial misgivings upon learning that the honorable chronicler is a pooka, a kith not
renowned for its veracity. Were somewhat eased when I read his observations (taking them witha grain
of salt. as it were).

T pass these musings on to you as both caveat and excuse for any discrepancies you may find. In Sir
Slevin's own words, "distory is nothing more or less than a collection of lies and half-truths masquerading
as fact. "ut they are all we have to go on.

Since High Queen Faerilyth is herself a native of the "Kingdom of "Willows. much of this
information, not to mention the inestimable Sir Slevin, may have for her the ring of familiarity.

To amplify (and in somecases. clarify) Sir Slevin's information, T have added my own commentaries
on the region's history. It is my hope that this admittedly inexhaustive summary will apprise "Your
Majesties of the complex interweavings of mortal and Kithain stories that comprise this kingdom's past.

As always. I remain your faithful servant.

Lady Aramithe ni Fiona. Director of the Grand Tour

Chapzer one: History of the Kingdom of Willows

nes

as
&R

AX

TS

oS
NK

AWK

"SS
ALA


EX

The Kingdom of Willows came into existence with the
proclamation of the Kingdom of Concordia as the sovereign
government of the North American fae. The land encompassed by
the Kingdom of Willows hasa far older history, however, reaching
back in time to the first peoples to inhabit the American conti-
nent. The earliest faeries arrived with the Dreamers of the native
tribes that settled along the fertile Atlantic coast, the rich farm-
land of the Mississippi basin and the verdant forests of the
Appalachians. The first dreams belonged to them.

The Original People

Some of the original inhabitants of the land emigrated
from a place they called "the Dawnlands" to make their homes
along the coastal waters of the great eastern sea. They were the
Roanoke, the Nanticoke, the Piscataway and the Powhatan —
tribes of the southern Algonquins. Children of Father Sun and
Mother Earth, they honored both of their parents and lived in
harmony with the world around them. They also respected the
invisible world and its dream-inhabitants, the canny rock-
fishers (may-may-gway-shi) and the ever-inventive thought-
crafters (children of the god called Manabus), recognizing in
them their own dreams come to life.

Others came from the damp soil of the Earth itself or
emerged from a great realm below the Earth's surface, following
the command of Someone Powerful to dwell upon the outside
of the world. These were the southeastern tribes of the Chero-
kee, Chickasaw, Choctaw and Creek, as well as the Natchez,
Gaddo, Tunica, Yazoo, Biloxi, Yamasee, Waxhaw and
Tuscarora. Like their Algonquin neighbors, they attuned them-

AN

>

fe

IED)

CA

Si

"VY

XS
2]

L2

SV

OH
2S)

selves to the lands around them; the Dreamers among them
imagined into existence the nanehi ("People Who Live Any-
where"), the yunwi tsundsi (the Little People) and the yunwi
amai-yine'hi (the Water People).

Dreamfolk oF the Dawnland

We are the stars which sing,

We sing with our light;

We are the birds of fire,

We fly over the sky.

Our light is a voice;

We make a road for the spirits,

For the spirits to pass over...

— Algonquin poem

Before the first intimations of the Sundering reached the
American continent, the faeries of the Algonquins lived in
close proximity to their mortal Dreamers. The may-may-gway-
shi often assisted their flesh-brothers and -sisters in harvesting
the bounty of the waters, and shared their knowledge of the
secrets of Medicine with worthy individuals, while the thought-
crafters inspired the creativity of their mortal kin, teaching
them better ways of surviving in harmony with the natural
world. Native faeries sometimes served as guides for youths
undergoing vision quests, assisting them in crossing the border
between the visible and invisible worlds and acting as interces-
sors with the spirits that dwelt in the Higher Hunting Grounds.

a — > agen mgm mae gn ee ee >> >


The Souchern Algonquins

The Algonquins who lived along the coast of what
would one day become the states of Virginia, Maryland
and North Carolina partook of the rich bounty of fish and
shellfish offered by their nearness to the Atlantic Ocean
and the great waterways that emptied into it — the
Potomac, Rappahannock and James Rivers and the Chesa-
peake Bay. In addition to the bounty that sea, lake and
river provided, the southern Algonquins made good use of
the prolonged growing season and fertile river-fed soil to
grow corn, beans, squash and tobacco. Nuts and berries
from the forests that lined the coast supplemented their
diet. In addition to providing alternative meat sources, the
myriad game animals that proliferated in the nearby wood-
lands offered skins, furs and other parts (such as claws) that
could be used for clothing, tools and decoration. The tribes
of the Roanoke, Nanticoke, Pi yay and Powhatan also
hunted the many varieties of wild fowl (especially turkeys)
that lived in the marshes and woods.

The waterwaysalso provided the southern Algonquins
with reliable routes on which to travel using dugout canoes
carved from the trunks of elms, cedars and cypresses. A
series of linked trails that paralleled the rivers also con-
nected one village to another, making overland journeys
relatively easy. Tribal villages traded goods with one an-
other, exchanging strings of shells, colorful feathers, me-
dicinal herbs and rare pigments for ceremonial dyes, region
— specific game or carved fetishes.

The villages of the southern Algonquin tribes con-
sisted of loaf-shaped lodges which were built by covering a
frame of wooden poles with large pieces of bark, hides or
mats woven from the reeds that grew along the river banks.
In addition to these family residences, called wigwams,
settlements included sweat lodges, sheds for storing food,
a council house that served as the chief's lodge and cer-
emonial temples. Frequently situated on high ground and
protected from attack by log palisades, these villages af-
forded security and engendered a sense of community to
their residents.

Men and women of the southern Algonquins divided
chores between them. Activities such as warfare, hunting,
fishing, tobacco cultivation and the preparation of fields
for planting fell most often to men; women bore the
responsibilities for tending all the other crops, preparing
food, tanning hides, weaving, and rearing children. Among
many of the tribes, women held positions of respect; where
leadership positions remained within the same family,
women sometimes inherited the title of "chieftain."

Celebrations and rituals marked important eve!
the lives of the southern Algonquins. Puberty rit
riage ceremonies, births and deaths served as the o%
for tribal gatherings to honor the spirits and reaf
connection between the worlds.

Chapzer one: History of the Kingdom of Willows


6

Along the rivers of the Southeast, huge earthen mounds rise above the landscape — some etched with deep
pictographs or stone mosaics, others topped by the ruins of temples. These monuments constitute the legacy of
the first inhabitants of the rich forests and valleys of the Mississippi Basin. The civilization of the Adena-Hopewell
culture (also called the "mound builders") flourished in the American Southeast almost 4,000 years ago, before
it declined and vanished from sight.

New settlers replaced the old. The Mississippian culture, a highly developed, agricultural society of sun
worshippers, continued the building of mounds for ceremonial purposes. For centuries after the passing of the old
mound builders, Mississippian tribes such as the Natchez made their homes near the Mississippi River. That
civilization, too, rose and dwindled, giving way to yet a third wave of newcomers — the tribes that one day would
bear the collective title of the Five Civilized Tribes.

From across the Mississippi came the Choctaw and the Chickasaw, descendants — according to legend —
of the hero-brothers Chacta and Chicsa. Following the directions of a sacred staff and led by a white dog, Chacta
brought his people to the rich lands of central Mississippi; his brother, Chicsa, continued onward into Tennessee,
western Kentucky and Alabama. The Cherokee, a group of Iroquois-speakers who called themselves aniyunwiya
(the principal people), arrived from the north, traveling down through the Ohio River valley. They settled first
in the Great Smoky Mountains of North Carolina, spreading from there throughout eastern Tennessee, western
Virginia and the hills of South Carolina, northern Georgia and Alabama. Southern Georgia and most of Alabama
saw the rise of a collection of smaller tribes eventually known as "Creeks." One group of Creeks traveled as far as
Florida, where it developed independently as the Seminoles.

The tribes of the Southeast combined hunting and agriculture to provide food for their people. The forests
provided plentiful game, while the rich soil of the mountain valleys supported vegetable crops and tobacco. A
variety of fruits, nuts and berries was available in the forests.

The Southeastern tribes lived in towns set along the rivers. Each town had a central square that contained
a ceremonial field, a tcokofa (winter council house) and a set of buildings that served as a summer council house.
Arranged around the town center were residences for tribal members, usually consisting of a summer house, a
winter house and several storage sheds for food. Each town had its own chief, who governed with the advice of
his council, made up of warriors and elders. Generally, chiefs made decisions after arriving at a consensus; each
council member expressed his opinion in meetings. Among the Creek and the Cherokee, the greatest warrior also
served as chief in times of war.

Competition and rivalry existed between towns of a single tribe and among the different tribes. The Cherokee,
Choctaw and Creek all participated in various forms of stickball, a sport conducted with great ceremony and ritual
that conferred a great deal of status upon the winning team and its township. Wars occurred on a seasonal basis,
motivated by either revenge or the need to attain greater status within the tribe by bringing home war captives.
Most often, different tribes raided each other, but occasionally a town would conduct a raid upon a neighboring
rival.

Most of the Southeastern tribes were matrilineal, determining ancestry from the female members, and women
occupied positions of importance in society. Although they did not regularly serve as warriors, some women did
fight alongside their male kinfolk, while others accompanied war parties to serve as "cheering sections," using
songs, dances and — when necessary — insults to spur the braves to victory. Men and women performed different
chores within society, but both sexes were eligible to serve as council elders.

Within each town, family groups divided themselves by clans, each with its own totem spirit. Thus, the
Cherokee had seven clans: wolf, deer, bird, paint, blue, wind and sweet potato. Marriages occurred across clan
lines; to do otherwise was to commit incest and incur severe punishment.

The natives of the Southeast all worshipped a supreme being and honored the spirits of nature. Religious
ceremonies involved ritual bathing, purification ceremonies, puberty rites for young men and women, and the all-
important Green Corn Ceremony, which celebrated the ripening of the corn harvest and served as a time of
rejoicing and renewal.

Ke

The People of the Soucheascern Woodlands

(KE

Vv

i

ts
;

26 Kingdom of Willows

WWE mI ORR

3)

The reclusive rock fishers preferred to remain within the
seclusion of their homes within large rock formations or behind
waterfalls, emerging only occasionally to bestow their special gifts
upon the human tribes. The gregarious and inquisitive thought-
crafters, on the other hand, mixed freely with mortal folk, partici-
pating in their ceremonies and exchanging small Medicine tokens
for gifts of prime tobacco, necklaces of tiny shells or adornments
made of bright feathers. Now and then, promising young men or
women would return with visiting faeries to their enchanted
dwellings, sometimes staying there for years. Upon their return,
not a day older than when they left, these individuals often
occupied positions of great respect within their tribes, for they had
been touched directly by the Medicine of the spirits. Many of them
became shamans or willworkers (later known as Dreamspeakers),
while others served as counselors to their tribal leaders.

From these chosen ones came the first hints (through
dreams) of the arrival of strangers who would forever change
the Algonquin world.

Children of che Woodland Dreaming

If you desire to communicate

with the Nuhnehi

go and touch the branches of willows

swaying in whispering winds...

— Marijo Moore, "Invisible Tongues"

The tribes of the Southeastern woodlands and valley, like
their Northeastern neighbors, recognized the close presence of
the Nunnehi. Referring to them as the "invisible people," the
"little people" or the "people who live anywhere," the Chero-
kee, Choctaw, Chickasaw and Creek all heeded these messen-
gers from the spirit world. The faerie folk of the Southeast
resided chiefly in their own townships, well away from mortal
eyes. Among themselves, they celebrated their relationship to
the cycles of nature. Born of mortal dreams, however, they also
understood their need for human interaction and sought ways
to connect with their Dreamers.

The yunwi tsundsi acted as either unseen helpers or
mischief makers. Not unlike boggans, these diminutive faeries
often attached themselves to certain families, watching over
children, retrieving lost objects and bestowing on their adopted
mortals small gifts. If insulted or ignored, they retaliated by
playing pranks on the offender or pelting her with stones
thrown from their hiding places.

More decorous but no less attracted to humans than the
Little People, the nanehi provided assistance to mortals in
need and served as messengers between the living and the dead.
The nanehi often took human lovers and sometimes dwelt for
a time in native towns.

The yunwi amai'yine'hi lived along the rivers of the
southeast. More attuned to the natural world and their beloved
waterways than to mortal society, these reclusive faeries occa-
sionally interacted with humans. The people residing near the
southern rivers or using these waterways for fishing or transporta-
tion quickly learned to respect the water people, whose attentions
to river travelers could prove either helpful or disastrous.


Refugees From A\cross
the Greac Wacers

It began with a series of dreams and visions. Elders of the
Nunnehi received images of pale-skinned people, similar to yet
utterly unlike themselves, stepping onto familiar landscapes.
At other times, they dreamed of white birds or colorless deer
emerging against the dawn sky, as if they had come from the
place where the rising sun bleached them. Feelings of fear and
great trouble accompanied these visions. The native faeries
spoke of these dreams among themselves and waited. They did
not wait long.

in Europe, the fae felt the growing wave of
disbelief begin its erosive work on the ties that bound the
mundane world to the Dreaming. Many of the sidhe, whose
delicate natures withered against Banality's early onslaught,
severed their ties with the mortal world and fled to Arcadia for
refuge. A few, reluctant to leave entirely a world still rich in
promise and inspiration, journeyed westward by land trod or

sea path to the Summerlands, the paradise of Tir-na-N'og just

this side of the setting sun.

In other words, they joined the ranks of the discoverers of
pre-Columbian America. Fleeing a world that began to grow
colder with Banality even before the Shattering, many sidhe
led their households (of both nobles and commoners) to the
fabled lands of the West. Sailing with their Viking Dreamers
exploring the cold, northern waters, many trolls landed along
the shores of what would later be called Canada; some stayed
to set up their own holdings as far south as New York, where
their kith would remain strong throughout the later centuries.
Celtic fae, among them a few clurichaun and pooka, made the
journey to the Land of New Dreams as well. Thus, long before

Your Majesties.

Information about this time admittedly ex-
ists only in legend and Remembrance. so we must
view with some skepticism what our pooka
chronicler says of this time. particularly with
regard tothe commoner incursions without noble
leadership. We must remember, however, that
myths once assumed a status equal if not supe-
rior to history in the centuries before certified
historical experts claimed for themselves the
sole ability to endow a shard of imagination with
the weight of ‘fact. It must be admitted that
during the Resurgence. the troll army held its
strongest positions in the "New ‘York area.
Therefore. T have not edited Sir Slevin's text in
this instance. as he might very well be correct in
his suppositions.

My Best Regards.

Lay Aramithe


the Black Plague signaled the onslaught of the Shattering,
many Europ had already established themselves in the
"Westward I;

Unlike the explorers who would navigate the Atlantic in
the 15th and 16th centuries, the fae were not limited to coastal

penetration of the rich lands of the New World. Ancient
dreampaths led many of these refugees deep into the hinter-
lands, where they encountered humans still untouched by
cynicism. Also, at this time, the emigrant European fae first
encountered the native faeries of America — elusive and alien

(to them) creatures called them Nunnehi by their Dreamers.

Eager to reestablish freeholds and make the best of their

European fae began to erect in the wilderness. In most

cases, they found themselves infringing on land claimed by the

native faeries or by their human Dreamers. In some instances,
Nunnehi with gifts and offers

the newcomers placated the loc:

of friendship. Old and new faeries swore oaths of alliance.

Grand castles wreathed in Glamour rose within sight of Nunnehi

villages, and both prospered. Other exiles were not so fortunate

— or so perceptive — in their dealings with the native fae.
Refusing to recognize the presence of culture and civilization in
the absence of ostentation, some (well, almost all) of the

1 choice lands without

European fa
from the local faeries, dismissing them as mere commone

therefore beneath their notice. In some cases, outright wart

marked the first contact between European fae and the Nunnehi.

‘Your Majesties.

I realize that the above comments may seem
disrespectful or insulting to the queen's mentor,
yet Thave left them in the Socumene with the hopes
that further discussions with Sir Slevin may shed
some light on this era that is almost lost to our
knowledge. "King Meilge himself claims not to
recall his former existence in Summerstree. Al-
though I have attempted to verify or disprove the
allegation that "King Meilge's prior life in the
Willows region was marked by discord with the
native fae. I have been unable to either substan-
tiate or refute the claim. Sir Slevin does call it a
series of misunderstandings, and such was often
the case among two disparate cultures meeting for
the first time. In any case, as "King Meilge now
acknowledges the existence of the Echota Council
Lands practically on his doorstep. we may assume
that whatever enmity once existed between the
Nunnehi of the region and "King Meilge has been
settled.
‘Yours.
Lady Aramithe


A few wisps of Remembrance remain from those elder
times. In the mountains of eastern Kentucky, a few Nunnehi
tell tales around their campfires of a great friendship between
the pale-skinned Lord Tamlin ap Fiona and the Nunnehi wise
woman Weeping Sky. Those who can prove kinship with or
offer tribute in the name of Tamlin find welcome even today
among the few Nunnehi who still inhabit the Cumberland
Mountain ranges of Kentucky.

Cal

e

Your Majesties. N\A

Sir Slevin's summarization of this "first
wave' lends credence to other tales of similar pre-
Shattering arrivals of the fae in the "New Worl.
The possibility that some of those who sought
refuge in che Summerlands might have brought
enchanted members of their household with them
does much to explain some of the disputed evidence
that Europeans visited the American continent

. well before the Columbian era. Unfortunately.

few mortal historians would find acceptable the
premise that humans traveled from Europe across
faerie trods.

In addition. the preexistence of relations,
whether good or bad. between the fae and the

+ Nunnehi might shed light on the different degrees

of acceptance from the native fae we encountered
on our Return. In some instances, nobles who laid
claim to fief'oms throughout Concordia reported
constant and inexplicable harassment by local
"Nunnehi, regardless of attempts to placate them.
Other lords had no such difficulties. remarking
that native faeries seemed to greet their arrival
as the return of old friends.

Yours,

Lary Aramithe 3

ay

Other whispers from the ancient past tell of the arrival of
Meilge ap Eiluned (who rules today as King of Willows) and his
household in the heartland of Georgia, where he built a grand
freehold called Summerstree. A series of unfortunate mishaps
and mistaken overtures between this lord of the sidhe and the
native faeries led to a state of near constant war. Periodic raids
and skirmishes plagued the ancient domain of Summerstree
from its founding to its abrupt and catastrophic demise (see
below). Of course, the Mists tend to obscure the verification of
any reports from that forgotten age.

For the Nunnehi, the arrival of strangers presaged change.
The knowledge that others who seemed so different from
themselves existed altered their relationship to the world and
to the Dreaming. Indeed, the European faeries' mere knowl-
edge of the Sundering hastened its appearance in the New
World. The refugees unwittingly brought with them the seeds
of their own doom. By Nunnehi lorekeepers' accounts, the
repercussions of the Sundering echoed about the Higher Hunt-
ing Grounds during this time.

30 Kingdom of Willows
6:

"Wms

The Shaccering

Finally, the weight of Banality proved so oppressive that
not even the most untainted bonds of Glamour could hold the
Dreaming close to this world. With a great shudder, the trods
that still connected the two worlds began to crack and crumble;
the gateways to Arcadia shimmered and groaned, dissolving
like sand castles before the relentless pounding of ocean waves.
Even in the Summerlands of America, the paths to the Dream-
ing faded and tremors rocked the Dreaming.

The sidhe who had enjoyed a brief respite from the travails
of the Old World realized that time had at last caught up with
them. Sealing off their freeholds, sometimes stripping those
places of Glamour to power their journey, the last of the sidhe
departed the world. In the heart of the South, Meilge ap
Eiluned bade farewell to his magnificent palace at Summerstree.

Curiously, not all of the sidhe chose to leave. The same
Nunnehi who preserve the legend of Tamlin and Weeping Sky
also speak of a sacred place in the mountains where a pale lord
still dwells beyond mortal senses. Other rumors persist of the
hidden glens of these Lost Ones — deep within the bayou
country of Louisiana and the Ozark Mountains and in the
hinterlands of West Virginia. Many fae of House Liam —
indeed, some say half the house — chose to remain rather than
flee to the safety of Arcadia. Their tale ends soon thereafter, as
their "changeling" line died out. Moreover, as many of us know,
the sidhe of House Scathach refused to leave the mortal world,
surrendering themselves to the same methods of preservation
as did the commoner kith who failed to make the crossing into
Arcadia. While most members of that house remained in
Europe, emigrating to America with their mortal kin after its
official "discovery," a few numbered themselves among the
early exiles to the Summerlands and rode out the years between
the Shattering and the Resurgence by seeking refuge among
friendly native tribes.

Scrange New Dreams

Wherever there are dreams, the fae are not far behind.
When Columbus reported his discovery of the Indies to his
patrons, he ignited the imaginations of Europeans. Merchant
houses saw their profits soar contemplating the possibility of
trade with the "Orient" (closed to them by land routes since the
fall of Constantinople). Religious dissidents began to dream of
establishing for themselves refuges from the persecution of
their beliefs. Monarchs sought to expand their domains by
laying claim to the reputed wealth and resources that lay across
the western sea. All of these groups included changelings who
fed on the excitement and hope that rose from the tales of new
lands ripe for the taking.

While the history of the American South traditionally
begins with the settlement at Jamestown, Virginia, in 1607, in
truth, Europeans had visited the southern portion of the new
continent since the middle of the previous century. The
Spanish arrived in Florida in the mid 1500s. Led by Hernando
de Soto, an expedition traveled extensively throughout the
South, making contact with natives in the Carolinas and along

the Mississippi. The Kithain accompanied the Spanish explor-
ers in force, seeing the wonders of the new lands for themselves.
They reported their findings to the fae in Europe. The French
also explored parts of the Southeast, though they did not

service for their passage to the new lands. Many eshu traveled
on the slave ships with their kinain families, but some were
both free and wealthy. Still other changelings braved the few
trods left open, thereby discovering freeholds abandoned by

establish their settlement in Louisiana until 1718. Almost
certainly, however, their expeditions contained changelings.
After all, explorers dream some of the boldest dreams in the
world. Where Ponce de Le6n sought the Fountain of Youth, the
Kithain sought — and found — the Fountain of Dreams.

nobles and claiming them as their own.

After the demise of the ill-fated settlement on Roanoke
around 1590, the region south of Virginia remained largely
ignored by English colonists for over half a century. After the
Restoration of the British monarchy in 1660, the Carolinas
were again targeted for colonization when King Charles II
granted settlement charters to his allies. Charles Towne (later
Charleston) arose in 1670, while along the coastal regions
south of Virginia (in what would later become North Caro-
lina), colonies sprouted near the original Roanoke settlement.

OATO

RR

>>

Once the Jamestown colony proved viable, the rush to
settle the New World gained momentum. In Maryland, Catho-
lics under the protection of Cecilius Calvert, Lord Baltimore,
founded St. Mary's City in 1634; Protestants established their
own colonial enclave in Anne Arundel Town (later called
Annapolis) soon after. In both Virginia and Maryland, an
aristocratic upper class assumed the rights of rulership over a
labor force of indentured servants and Indian and African
slaves, whose efforts ensured ready cash crops from the farming
of tobacco. All the commoner kith anda few of House Scathach
arrived alongside their mortal counterparts. While some were
craftsmen, farmers and entrepreneurs, a few Kithain were
among the indentured colonists who traded a few years of

SS

Further south, in Georgia, a variation on the colonial
dream differentiated that portion of the South from its very
inception. Established by a board of trustees as a haven for
debtors and others who had run afoul of the rigid class system
in England, the colony of Georgia, founded in 1733, spread
outward from the port city of Savannah. The ideals that sparked
this experiment in reformation also attracted many changelings
who fed on the dreams of new beginnings in a new world.

wT
Sess

Hy

Q

y,

Your Majesties.

In my opinion, the disappearance of the colony on "Roanoke Island remains an unsolved
mystery to human historians largely because they lack the imagination to conceive of possible
reasons outsive-che bounds of logic and evidence. Laying aside those two factors opens the mind
to a pair of possibilities.

The ‘facts' are these: Established in 1587 by Sir Walter Raleigh. Roanoke was ignored for
three years. "by 1590, all'signs of the colony's inhabitants had vanished. leaving behind only the
single word Croatoa carved intoa tree. No signs of the settlers turned up when search parties
explored the nearby Croatoan Island (now called Hatteras). Historians assume that the
colonists either died from disease or at the hands of the local native population or else "went

~ native' and removed themselves from the vicinity.

Almost certainly. however. changelings accompanied those early settlers: how could it be
otherwise in a situation so richly based on dreams and hopes? Consider the possibility that. upon
realizing that the colony's supplies were dwindling and no rescue from England was forthcoming,
these changelings somehow found a way to reconnect with the Oreaming. With the help of the
local Nunnehi. who still retained ties at that time with the Higher Hunting Grounds. the

_ relocating a small colony of enchanted mortals to an enclosed portion of the Oreaming might have
succeeded. The resulting homestead would lie just beyond the realm of mortal vision and forever
outside the course of human history.

A second explanation for the disappearance of the Lost Colony tells a grimmer tale and comes
from the Prodigal shapeshtfters who call themselves the Garou. Their legends speak of a great
evil that invaded the New "World with the Roanoke settlers. Determined to banish that dark
force from their Pure Lands. an entire tribe of Garou and its native allies sacrificed themselves.
thus utterly destroying the colony to protect their lands from further corruption. Though the
Garou have maintained this story as a tragic. historical epic, I much prefer the happier version.
admittedly concocted by my own imagination.

LT remain your servant.

Lary Aramithe

iS
S)

22

Dreams in Conflict

As the new colonies in Maryland, Virginia, the Caroli-
nas and Georgia set down roots, the ambitions of the Euro-
pean colonists brought them into conflict with the natives
whose lands they commandeered. The Powhatan Confed-
eracy (named for its leader, Chief Powhatan) initially tested
the resolve of the early settlers of Jamestown by sending
warriors to attack the settlement. The capture of Captain
John Smith and the intervention of Pocahontas, Powhatan's
daughter, to save him from execution led trade agreements
and alliances between natives and newcomers.

In truth, however, conflicts between the Algonquins of
the Virginia coast and the Jamestown colony continued as
the English sought to expand their holdings at the Powhatans'
expense. By 1618, a little more than a decade after the
founding of Jamestown, the Powhatans had declined —
their numbers decimated by European diseases and their
culture tainted by the introduction of guns, tools and other
strange and valuable trade goods. With the defeat in 1640 of
Opechancanough, Powhatan's successor, the native

Algonquins found themselves relegated to the status of

vassals or, in some ndenture

vants or slaves. They
were confined to lands on the fringes of the growing colony.
The land now belonged to the usurper and his dreams.

In Maryland, a similar uprooting of native culture took
place as newcomer advances swept aside the Piscataway.
Alliances with the English settlers at Saint Mar
vated the Piscataw

northern neighbors and riv:
Susquehannock; these Iroquois, armed with guns from the
Swedish and Dutch immigrants in Delaware, mounted at-
tacks on their southern rivals. Those Piscataway who sur-
vived the battles fell prey to disease. The rush to colonize
continued.

In the Carolinas, the Tuscarora and the Creek nations
suffered the same depredations from the settlements in
Charles Towne, New Bern and other emerging colonies.
Disregarding tribal claims to lands provoked conflicts be-
tween natives and settlers, while disease took its toll among
the longtime inhabitants of the region. In 1711, the embit-
tered Tuscarora mounted a last-ditch attack on the New
Bern community; their defeat and forced emigration to
upstate New York permanently secured the eastern coast of
North Carolina for future generations of settlers. Attacks by
the Yamasee and Lower Creeks on the South Carolina
settlement at Port Royal sparked a series of wars that soon
involved not only the entire coastal region of the Carolinas
but extended into the interior, where the Cherokee became
involved. The resulting Yamasee War had a devastating
effect on the natives, inflaming old hostilities between the
Creeks and the Cherokee, who had sided with the British
against their ancient rivals. By the end of that bloody
conflict, the position of the English settlers had solidified; as
the ultimate victors, they controlled the disbursement of
lands and goods. The dreams of the Southeastern woodlands
began to fade.


The Second Shaccering & ESS ) wy

Despite warnings from their Nunnehi brothers and sisters,

the Algonquins and the Southeastern tribes persisted in seek- Piraces and Privaceers
ing fair treatment from the Europeans. Hoping to salvage some DuringEngland'ssporadic campaign of warfare against
sort of peace, the native faeries sent their own emissaries to Spain, privateers received commissions from the monar-
bargain with the faeries from across the waters. Unfortunately, chy to prey upon Spanish ships. Given the blessings of the
the Nunnehi did not realize that this contact would expose British Crown, several of these buccaneers achieved high
them to the taint of Banality. In the aftermath of the Shatter- status; King Charles bestowed a knighthood and the title
ing, the European fae had transformed themselves into change- of Governor of Jamaica on Henry Morgan as a reward for
lings, embracing a veneer of Banality to shield their inherent his privateering efforts against Spain. Rumors among the
Glamour from utter destruction. The Nunnehi had no such Kithain hold that Valeren ap Scathach served as one of
protection; like the diseases that decimated the mortal popula- Morgan's most trusted officers, accompanying him on his
tion of the native tribes, Banality infected the Nunnehi, daring assaults against the Spanish fleet.
weakening their ties with the Higher Hunting Grounds. Throughout the early period of colonization, pirates
In addition to the drastic reduction of the native popula- frequented the coastal regions of the Carolinas, finding
tion and the extinction of entire tribes, a disruption in the havens in the many coves that pocketed the shoreline.
connections between the mortal world and the American Small settlements along the coast welcomed these free
Dreaming resulted from the imposition of European cultural traders and looked forward to their arrival.
values and religious beliefs — and disbelief. The gateways to The exploits of Whispering Molly, the sluagh pirate
Arcadia had long since disappeared; now the passages to the {| "queen," and her crew of Kithain made their way into the

legends of the fae of the Carolina coast. Flaunting the
Navigation Acts that imposed high tariffs on imported
goods and forced the colonists to sell their produce only to
England, Molly's ship, the Midnight Witch, smuggled con-
traband at cut-rate prices to colonists eager to sample her
exotic wares.

Higher Hunting Grounds began to dissolve. Even as their
mortal counterparts debated methods of dealing with the
newcomers, councils of Nunnehi elders met to determine how
to cope with the impending loss of their source of Medicine.
The answers came to them in dreams and vision quests.
Like the Prodigal wolf-spirits, the Nunnehi learned new

The British response to piracy varied according to the
ways of gathering Medicine — by tapping directly into the

political climate. During the conflicts with Spain, priva-

power of the natural world. While the loss of the Higher teers bore letters of marque endowing them with the
Hunting Grounds made it more difficult to harvest Glamour license to attack Spanish vessels. With the cessation of
from acts of creativity and imagination, their new knowledge English-Spanish hostilities, however, these "freelance"
of drawing forth the magical essences of the rocks, trees and traders became an embarrassment to the Crown.

rivers that surrounded them helped them sustain themselves. Despite the fickle nature of royal patronage, piracy
Instead of traveling back and forth between the mortal world held great profit for the venturesome entrepreneurs on the
and the Higher Hunting Grounds, the Nunnehi learned how to high seas. Trading in everything from rum and gold pieces
enter the spirit world that their wolf-cousins called the Umbra, to the human cargo of slaves from Africa and indentured
the source of natural Medicine. servants captured from "legitimate" merchant ships, priva-

As their human tribes dwindled, the Nunnehi withdrew teers continued to defy the forces of the law.

deeper into the wilderness. Although a few native fae persisted The wild freedom and excitement of life on the high
in attempting to coexist with their European cousins, most seas served as a rich source of Glamour for Kithain of all
preferred to avoid further contact. Thus, dreams of welcoming classes. Changeling legends speak of a motley of redcaps
and sharing disappeared from history's stage, replaced by darker that served the most famous of the Carolina pirates,

Edward Teach — better known as Blackbeard.
Some stories credit the career of the retired Major

visions of mistrust and fear.

New Arrivals, Stede Bonnet, who late in life turned to piracy, to the
pranks of Gannet Sullivan, his Unseelie pookacompanion

New Lands, New Dreams eehio Soliphie ps infuse some exe ent a tenia Oeet
While the initial settlement of the South was coastal, a _{] Kithain, such as the eshu Andre Dubonet, captain of the
second wave of newcomers moved into the Appalachian Moun- Broken Chain, preyed upon slaving ships, rescuing many

kidnapped Africans who later established free enclaves in
various parts of the South.

Certainly, the lure of riches drew many changelings to
the swashbuckler's life, but more of them rejoiced in the
wealth of Glamour that came from casting aside the
constraint of laws and regulations for the drama and
camaraderie of shared danger and excitement.

tains. Some of these pioneers resented the stratified society of
the tidewater settlements and sought a less restrictive way of
life; others migrated from the northern colonies, following the
valleys of the Appalachians from Pennsylvania and upstate
New York. Among these newcomers were the Scot-Irish and
the Pennsylvania Dutch (or Germans). A new influx of Euro-
pean fae — trolls, boggans, nockers, pooka and redcaps —

Chapcer one: History of the Kingdom of Willows


LS

eagerly accompanied these settlers deeper into the wilderness.
More rugged dreams surfaced in a land that refused to succumb
to human occupation. The strong desire for independence that
arose among these isolated pockets of colonists mirrored the
largely Unseelie component of the fae population in this area.
Like their human counterparts, the fae who settled the inland
mountains in what would eventually become western North
Carolina, eastern Tennessee and Kentucky and northern Geor-
gia sought escape from the Seelie commoners who retained too
many vestiges of the traditions left behind by their vanished
sidhe overlords. The dreams of rebellion flourished in the
mountains and the hinterlands.

The coastal colonies of the South continued to prosper. The
townofBaltimore received acharterin 1729; by 1707, Williamsburg
had inherited the leadership of the now-abandoned Jamestown
settlement. In 1730, the Carolinas divided into northern and
southern provinces. Charleston served as the capital of South
Carolina until after the Revolutionary War. Savannah held its
place as Georgia's capital until Augusta replaced it in 1785.

During the period leading up to the American Revolution,
the southern colonies evolved into a rigidly structured society.
The rise of plantations, held by the aristocratic "planter" class,
led to the increased need for cheap (read: preferably free) labor.
The importation of black slaves from Africa and natives from
the Caribbean and the enslavement of the indigenous tribes
played a vital role in the region's economy.

Oglechorpe's Tarnished Dream

The colony of Georgia began as one man's vision of an
ideal society. When George II granted a charter to James
Oglethorpe for the founding of a society, he little knew that he
had granted permission for an experiment in utopia. On the
surface, Oglethorpe's colony — founded in Savannah in 1733
— promised sizable profits to the British monarch; the region's
semitropical climate seemed ideal for cultivating grapes for

wine, raising silkworms and growing exotic spices. In addition,
the location of the colony served as a buffer zone between the
Spaniards in Florida and the prosperous Carolinas.

Oglethorpe proposed to settle his lands with people who
had fallen out of society's favor: families of debtors, religious
dissidents, petty criminals and poor workers in need of a second
chance. The original trustees of the colony outlawed slave
labor, forbade the use of alcohol (hard liquor) within the colony
and attempted to prevent the growth of large plantations.

Many commoner changelings were among the first arrivals
in the new "promised land," spurred on by the hopes of debtors
whose bitter hearts still held within them hopes for change and
for a new life. Numerous families of redcaps and boggans trace
their mortal ancestry to Savannah's earliest days.

Unfortunately, Oglethorpe's dream died in its infancy.
While the climate of Georgia's coastal region seemed ideal for
growing grapes and other semitropical crops, the soil proved
unsuitable. Eventually, the colony had to resort to the staple
crops raised by its neighbors in the Carolinas — cotton, rice
and indigo. As early as 1749, landowners began using slave
labor to remain competitive. In 1753, when Georgia reverted

>

to the status of a royal colony, it bore little resemblance to the
land of opportunity as imagined by its founder. The shattered
dreams of its inhabitants took on their own life, and new
changelings emerged whose Unseelie natures reflected the loss
of hope and loss of faith in honest effort.

From the Bayou co the Deep Souch

The French established the settlement of New Orleans at
the mouth of the Mississippi River in 1718, hoping to control
the lucrative fur trade between the Gulf and the Great Lakes.
Lack of French interest and economic support, however, pre-
vented New Orleans and the entire territory of Louisiana from
reaching its full potential. In the 1760s, France ceded its lands
west of the Mississippi to Spain, while England acquired
French territory east of the great river.

While the French controlled New Orleans, the city ac-
quired a diverse population that included French, Irish, Span-
ish, German and West Indian residents. Kithain found both
the climate and the atmosphere of New Orleans congenial.
Under the French and later Spanish, black inhabitants enjoyed
greater freedom than their enslaved counterparts in the Brit-
ish-controlled colonies. The bayous to the west of the Missis-
sippi became the refuge in the 1750s of French Acadians
expelled from Canada by the British. These exiles formed the
basis of the Cajun population who have forever stamped the
culture of the region.

Among the changelings who settled in Louisiana were
eshu who made their homes with the free blacks and the exiled
Acadians, pooka and boggans who arrived with the Irish,
German nockers and trolls and Spanish and West Indian satyrs.

In 1686, Henri de Tonti founded the settlement known as
Arkansas Post (Poste d'Arkansea) along the Lower Mississippi.
Abandoned in 1700, the outpost was revived by an influx of
German settlers determined to establish themselves along the
Mississippi's fur trade route. While that attempt proved less
successful than anticipated, the outpost nevertheless main-
tained a tenuous existence, surviving to greet the Americans
who claimed it as part of the Louisiana Purchase of 1803. Hardy
nockers, trolls and boggans, as well as a few sluagh, traveled to
Arkansas with the hope of reviving their fading dreams.

In 1699, the French established an outpost not far from the
site of modern Biloxi; Fort Rosalie on the Mississippi River
became the second permanent site of French colonists in 1714.
Clashes between the French and the native Creeks and Natchez
(aided by their Nunnehi kin) limited expansion of the region
until well after the American Revolution. The Mississippi
Territory, which includes present-day Alabama, passed from
the French to the British in the transfer of power that gave
Louisiana to Spain.

Although they failed to establish permanent settlements in
Alabama, Spanish and English fur traders explored the rich lands
along the Alabama River in the latter half of the 16th century. The
region remained disputed territory for many decades thereafter.
Finally, the French succeeded in founding settlements at Fort
Louis in 1702 and in Mobile in 1711. From there, they established
aseries of forts and indigo and rice plantations. Like the English

Chapzer one: History of the Kingdom of Willows

SAGES
At

Ay

and Spanish, they imported black slave labor from Africa. The
Treaty of Paris in 1763 gave Alabama to the British, who made a
point of courting the Creek nations who lived in the region,
supplying them with guns and horses and encouraging their
assimilation of European customs and culture.

The beauty of the Mississippi and Alabama River valleys
called to European changelings, and a few hardy members of
House Scathach and a number of commoner fae arrived with
the early fur traders and subsequent planters. Many eshu
labored in the fields alongside their enslaved mortal families,
helping to keep alive their pride and dreams of attaining freedom.

Dreams of Independence
and Revolucion

The events that led up to the American Revolution
comprised a catalog of mounting frustrations between the
colonists of the new world and the English Crown. The
monarchy saw its interests in the Americas as primarily eco-
nomic, expecting the colonies to provide it with cheap sources
of raw materials and foodstuffs while at the same time purchas-
ing imported goods at high prices. In addition, the British used
the colonies as a convenient dumping ground for political and
religious dissidents, reasoning that enough distance would
neutralize these enemies while at the same time allowing them
to perform valuable (though risky) services for the Crown.

The British did not count on the power of dreams and a
vast ocean to inspire rebellion and a desire for independence.

Fighting alongside their kinain families, the Kithain joined
wholeheartedly in the War of Independence, although not all
of them fought on the side of the rebels. Many pioneers of the
Appalachian frontier resented the prosperity of their richer
cousins inhabiting the fertile lands along the Chesapeake and
in the Tidewater regions of the Carolinas and Virginia. Hot-
beds of Tory sympathizers proliferated in parts of the South.
Many battles between English and American forces saw
Scathach sidhe, trolls, redcaps and pooka battling each other
with chimerical weapons alongside mortals armed with mus-
kets and cannons.

Both the British and the Americans sought allies among
the native tribes still residing in lands claimed by England. The
British won many Creek and some Cherokee to its cause by
assurances that it would limit the western expansion of the
colonies. Other branches of the Cherokee sided with the
Americans, who supplied them with weapons and horses in
return for their assistance. For the most part, the Nunnehi
counseled their human kin to avoid involving themselves in
the wars of the invaders, but their advice went unheeded as
more warlike tempers prevailed. Some Nunnehi, spurred on by
anger over the treatment that they had received at the hands
of European fae, joined the war despite the warnings of their
own tribal elders. Chimerical war clubs and tomahawks be-
came as common as swords in some parts of the South.

In the end, the dreamers of independence proved victori-
ous: in 1783, the colonies achieved their freedom from Britain.
The American Dream began.


In many ways, the real losers of the Revolutionary War
were not the British, but the Native Americans. The tribes who
had supported the English suffered seizure of their lands as
spoils of war. The Algonquins, Creeks, Cherokees and other
tribes retreated further west as the new American nation
sought to expand its western borders. The expansion of the
fledgling Union proceeded as Kentucky and Tennessee were
incorporated as states. Nunnehi villages disappeared, and sa-
cred grounds suffered as pioneers trampled through them. Many
native stories were lost, supplanted by those of the Europeans.

In 1803, France sold the vast Louisiana Territory, which
included the entire middle portion of the continent from New
Orleans to the Canadian border, to the new United States
government. Overnight, the young nation acquired the poten-
tial to become a formidable world power. Europeans flocked to
the newly opened territory. In their wake came European fae
hungry for freeholds.

The westward expansion into the Appalachian and
Cumberland Mountains and into the Mississippi and Ten-
nessee Valleys brought pioneers into renewed conflict with
the Creeks, Choctaw, Chickasaw and Cherokee. The suc-
cess of the new American nation also disturbed Britain,
unwilling as it was to let go entirely of its hold on its former
colonies. Continued conscription of Americans into the
British army and navy and British attempts to control
America's relations with other European powers led to the

‘Your Majesties.

Alchough we sidhe were not present when these
events transpired. the reports that have come Sown to
us from commoner chronicles (such as that given above)
detail the origin of the
present day. "From this period of colonization, warfare
and displacement created enmities that still plague
Concordia. Not only d0 many "Nunnehi still resent the
Europeans who, centuries ago, ousted them. but we
here in Concordia still often have shaky relations with
those Kithain who never left Europe. It often seems
as though they still consider the denizens of Concordia
to be their inferior Sescendants, half-barbaric children
who need to be shown the proper way of doing things.
Perhaps this arrogance on their part reflects to us our
own foolishness i1 dealing with today's "Nunnehi— and
often our commoner subjects. "Out perhaps I ascribe too
much meaning to what was (after all really the
commoners own doing. They could hardly have been
expected to excel in ruling a strange new land without
the centuries of expertise we sidhe have acquired.
Perhaps we can take steps now to undo some of the
harm that was caused then.

iculties we labor under in the

Thope that my musings have served to pique your
interest rather than to offend.
T remain,

Lady Aramiche

Kingdom of Witlows

Daven

& &

A Discrict Aparc: Washingcon, D.C.

In 1791, Maryland donated land along the banks of the
Potomac River for the construction of a national capital.
The District of Columbia, hovering on the border between
Maryland and Virginia, thus belonged to the nation rather
than to any single part of it. Though Washington reflects
the cosmopolitan ideas of its chief architect, a distinctly
Southern atmosphere also permeates the city and its envi-
rons.

Designed by the French architect Pierre-Charles
L'Enfant, the city of Washington, D.C., became the center
of the new government in 1800. Captured and burned by
the British during the War of 1812, Washington underwent
rebuilding and expansion.

The nation's capital contains its own share of Glam-
our, born from the dreams of independence and the visions
of each new president-elect (before the realities of political
expediency exercise their corrosive influence on once-
pristine ideals). Many Kithain, however, believe that
Washington's Glamour bears a dark taint. These critics
maintain that spending too much time pursuing inspiration
in acity known for its arcane and unsavory political machi-
nations has driven many a changeling into the arms of the
Shadow Court.

In fact, many Unseelie Kithain reside in the Washington,
D.C. area, which they claim belongs to none of Concordia's
established nobility. No one has yet verified the rumors of the
city's seat as a Shadow Duchy owing fealty to the "Kingdom of
Discordia."

War of 1812. Again, the British sought — and received —
support from the native tribes; again, the Indians — and the
native fae who embodied their dreams — were the losers, as
more of their lands fell in reprisal to the victorious Ameri
cans.

Plancacions and Eviccions

The growth of the plantation system throughout much of
the southeast (with the exception of some of the more moun-
tainous regions) marked the most significant difference be-
tween the southern United States and the rest of the nation.
The South depended on large-scale farming for the production
of cash crops. Land, the South's greatest resource, rested in the
possession of an aristocratic class of planters. The use of slave
labor, ingrained in the plantation economy since its colonial
inception, became a subject for debate and fierce discussion in
Congress almost from the beginning. Kithain embroiled them-
selves on both sides of the issue, with changelings from planter
households standing in opposition to their more liberal-minded
Kithain counterparts.

Once the colonies had won their freedom from England,
they were loathe to surrender any portion of it to a greater
union. The division between Federalists, who supported a


strong central government, and Republicans, who advocated
placing authority in local hands, made it difficult to reach a
consensus on the status of slavery. The southern states, largely
represented by members from the planter class, saw any attempt
to limit the importation of slaves or to abolish slavery as an
attack on their sovereign right to self-determination. As so
often happens in the political arena, morals bowed before the
pressure of expediency and self-interest. Thus, the same men
who reveled in their hard-won struggle for independence
denied the blessings of liberty to others. Unfortunately, many
Kithain shared their mortal cousins' beliefs.

While the plantation mentality separated the South from the
rest of the nation, another issue gained popular support from all
parts of the new country. Put simply, the Louisiana Purchase
doubled the territory of the United States, making available vast
lands for expansion. Standing in the way of the nation's new
"manifest destiny," however, were thousands of Native Ameri-
cans. Already pressed westward from their original homelands, the
several Indian nations once more represented obstacles to settlers
anxious to claim the rich, new areas as their own.

The War of 1812, while ostensibly fought to establish
American rights over its newly acquired territories and to force
the English to recognize America's sovereignty as an interna-
tional power, actually served other interests. By the end of the
war, the Creek nation had forfeited its lands in Georgia and
Alabama to the United States, removing themselves across the
Mississippi. Some Nunnehi remained behind, determined to
protect their sacred lands from the supplanters, but they were
too few and far between. More European changelings quickly
moved in to claim abandoned Nunnehi freeholds.

The war also launched the career of Andrew Jackson,
whose exploits against the Creeks at the Battle of Horseshoe
Bend and against the British at the Battle of New Orleans
cleared the way for his entry onto the political stage. Although
many Kithain doubt the assertions that "Old Hickory" was,
himself, one of the Dauntain, no one can deny that his
presidency brought to an end the dreams of many native
changelings. With Jackson's presidency, the remaining tribes
of Cherokee, Choctaw and Chickasaw saw their dreams of
cooperation with the nation of white Americans turn into a
nightmare of eviction and forced relocation.

The Trail of Tears

Since the presentation of Pocahontas to the courts of
Europe, the Indian nations had relied on the principles of
negotiation and personal representation to formulate agree-
ments between themselves and the chieftains of the pale-skinned
settlers. Throughout the colonial period, treaties between the
British and the native tribes dictated everything from trade
agreements to assurances — of revocations — of land titles.

The members of the Five Civilized Tribes (the Cherokee,
Choctaw, Chickasaw, Creek and Seminole) sought to do the
same with the "white father" in Washington. Time and again,
ambassadors from these tribes visited the nation's capital,
seeking to petition the President to recognize their rights to
land and their sovereignty as nations.


The Cherokee went further than any of the tribes in their
efforts to gain acknowledgment of their equality asa diplomatic
power, besides adopting the clothing, customs, lifestyles, reli-
gion and habits of their American neighbors, they developed a
written language, published a newspaper and drafted a consti-
tution based on the American model. Their hopes of gaining
the respect of the chief of the American nation through
cultural assimilation evoked varying responses from each presi-
dent they encountered. Some, like James Monroe, appeared
partially sympathetic to the Indians' concerns. Time and again,
petitions and letters to Washington met with ambiguous prom-
ises of consideration of the tribes' requests for sovereign recog-
nition.

SS

Finally, with Andrew Jackson, the ambiguity came to an
end. President Jackson made no secret of his belief that the
solution to the problem of coexistence with the native popula-
tion lay in removing them — by force, if necessary — from
territory claimed by the United States. In this, he had the
support and encouragement of many settlers in the disputed
lands. The discovery of gold in lands held by the Cherokee in
northern Georgia served as the impetus for increased pressure
for Indian relocation, and Jackson needed little urging to enact
the passage of the Indian Removal Act of 1830. From that
moment, the tribes of the Southeast lived on borrowed time.

Despite a decision by the U. S. Supreme Court backing
Cherokee claims to nationhood, President Jackson initiated
the forced removal in 1838 of more than 14,000 Cherokee from
their homelands in Georgia, North Carolina and Tenne:

Known as the Trail of Tears, the Cherokees' enforced
march from their homelands to "Indian Territor
day Oklahoma) across the Mississippi resulted in the deaths of one-
fifth of the men, women and children compelled to travel through

the harsh winter months from October 1838 to March 1839.

(present-

Your Majesties.

In my opinion, this passage seems to point to
the major cause of "Nunnehi/"Kithain enmity in
this region. Rather than some unproven gossip
concerning Meilge ap Eiluned's former time in
the land.ét seems far more likely to me that most
of the damage was done long after we had left for
Arcadia. Given that the actions taken by the
commoners and their Oreamers caused such dis~
ruptions among the native fae. it is little Wonder
that current relations between the "Kithain of
the Kingdom of "Willows and the few "Nunnehi
who reside within its boundaries often begin in an
atmosphere of suspicion and distrust and. from
there. degenerate into open hostility. Can we
expect anything else from the inheritors sof
broken dreams?

Yours.

Lady Aramithe

NR yy


Accompanying their mortal families, the Nunnehi tried to
imbue their kin with courage and hope, but the native faeries
suffered keenly from the abrupt disruption of their connection
to the land, their source of Medicine. Many Nunnehi perished
en route, sickening and dying from a dearth of dreams.

Jackson's net did not catch all the natives, however. Many
Cherokee fled to the mountains of Appalachia, hiding from the
soldiers until it was safe to emerge. Some Nunnehi came to the
assistance of their human kin, using their powers of Enchant-
ment to draw them into the spirit world. With the formation of
a reservation in the Smokies, along the border between North
Carolina and Tennessee, these refugees from exile once again
reentered the world and took up residence on lands granted to
them. The surviving Nunnehi likewise attempted to re-create
their dreams from the fragments left over from the ambitions of

Civil War

The first half of the 19th century saw repeated confronta-
tions between the southern states and the rest of the nation.
Most northern states had little vested interest in slavery; many
had, in fact, abolished the institution. The South, on the other
hand, had locked itself into a slave-based economy. Its agricul-
tural foundations rested on the backs of black slaves; moreover,
slaves toiled in almost every southern industry, from mining
coal in Kentucky to building roads and railroads to laboring in
the factories and mills arising in many southern cities. The
Missouri Compromise of 1820, which controlled the admission
of new states to the Union as slave states or free states in the
hopes of preserving a balance between the two groups, under-
lined the overwhelmingimportance that the issue ofslave-holding
assumed in the minds of northerners and southerners alike.

DAS

American greed.

‘Your Majesties. .

My colleague skirts the issue of Kithain involvement in the events leading to the Civil War. Certainly, the high
levels of anality surrounding the debates over the economic™necessity of slavery and the political integrity of the
rights of states over the demands of a federated government kept many "Kithain far away from the center of activity
surrounding the dissolution of the Union. On the other hand. signs of Kithain presence are evident in many places during
this problematic epoch, ~

The Kithain of the antebellum South sustained themselves on a Variety of reams. While no overall "government™
existed among them since the Shattering, individual commoners and Scathach sidhe managed to carve out frecholds within
the Southern "Oreaming that mirrored the society around them. Undoubtedly some changelings existed among the slave~
owning upper class, feeding on the cloying dreams of pastoral paternalism. The grand balls and galas of the pre-war
South served as rallying points for pleasure-loving satyrs. while not a few pooka surfaced among the horse-raising
gentry of Kentucky and Virginia.

Among the black population of the South, the eshu played a vital role, one that established strong bonds of mutual
inspiration between mortals and changelings. Eshu reminded uprooted slave families of their African traditions and
shared in the preservations of folk stories and ancestral histories that would otherwise have disappeared. In addition,
many eshu lived among the free blacks of "New Orleans. Charleston, Mobile and certain parts of "Virginia and
Maryland. The sea islands off the coast of South Carolina and Georgia developed a vibrant culture characterized by
its own dialect (called Gullah) and by its wealth of songs — many of them spirituals — and folk tales.

The growth of the Underground Railroad. which spirited runaway slaves from the South into free territory
across the Ohio River, attracted the involvement of many eshu. Their special affinity for the Art of Wayfare proved
espectally useful in engineering miraculous disappearances and added to the number of successful escapes. A few pooka
(who enjoyed the prankish aspects of pulling the wool over the eyes of the staid Southern planters) also joined in the
clandestine movements.

Other Kithain prospered inthe Southern backwoods, mountains and bayou country. Boggans in the Appalachians,
Cumberlands and Ozarks sustained their faerie natures by inspiring local crafters and artisans in the small towns
that nestled in coves and hollows throughout the mountains. Redcap motleys roamed the backroads of the South,
wreaking havoc and stirring up the fires of dissension wherever they settled. Nockers flourished in coal-mine country
and along the railroads. fascinated with the inner workings of the iron horse. despite their aversion to the poisonous
metal rails.

Ouring this troubled era. the differences between Seelie and Unseelie blurred. Was it Seelie to support a system
that advocated outright ownership of fellow humans? Ov opposing slavery and. therefore. the established authority
make a changeling Unseelie? Suffice it to say that a Southern changelings Court often fluctuated drastically and
had more to do with their adherence to either the Seelie or Unseelie Code than to their support of any external
authority. "

‘Yours, as ever,

Lary Aramithe


Other factors, besides slavery, worked to widen the gulf
between the states on either side of the Mason-Dixon line.
Southern representatives to Congress repeatedly opposed at-
tempts to federalize the U. S. government, arguing that the
original colonies had not rebelled against the British Crown
only to surrender their liberty to an American one. The issue
of "states' rights" came to stand for Southern reluctance to
accede to any authority save its own. Second, the vast differ-
ences in economies between North and South further under-
scored the regional differences. The agricultural South feared
economic collapse with the abolition of slavery and saw at-
tempts at national legislation that outlawed trafficking in and
possessing slaves as an attack on their balance sheets, as well as
an affront to their social structure.

To complicate the situation further, not all Southerners
supported the continuation of slavery. In many parts of the
South, away from the plantations of the valley and tidewater
regions, small farmers lived precariously, working their own
fields without slave labor. The fine words and high-falutin'
phrases spouted in Washington by Southern senators and
representatives to Congress did not reflect their views or
interests. The same resentment against the aristocratic plant-
ers and rich bureaucrats that led their ancestors to embrace the
Loyalist cause during the War for Independence also set these
embittered souls against the mainstream of Southern thought.

Secession and che Confederace Dream

The election of Abraham Lincoln to the presidency in
1860 lit the fuse on the powder keg that was the discrepancy
between Northern and Southern loyalties. The Republican
Party had come out staunchly in favor of abolition and sup-
ported the industrialization of the national economy. The
Southern planters and wealthy landowners saw Lincoln's presi-
dency as a direct assault on their cherished "independence"
from federal controls.

A political faction known as the "fire-eaters" roused their
constituencies against the federal government and especially
the Republican party of Abraham Lincoln. Beginning with
South Carolina in December 1860, the states of the lower
South — the ones with the greatest interest in maintaining
Southern sovereignty and perpetuating the slave economy —
declared their independence from the United States. The
border states of the South hada more difficult decision to make.
Maryland, though part of the South in both geography and
temperament, still had many ties to the Northeast as well as
strong abolitionist sentiments; thus, it elected to remain part of
the United States.

In Virginia, the planters of the eastern and northern
regions of the state professed their allegiance with the new
Confederacy. The inhabitants of the state's mountainous west-
ern region protested; when Virginia finally acceded to the
pressures for secession, Virginia staged its own defection, forming
the state of West Virginia and part of the Union. Similar difficul-
ties faced North Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky and Arkansas.

On April 9, 1861, Confederate forces opened fire on Fort
Sumter near Charleston. A state of civil war existed between

40 Kingdom of Willows

KK (\Rx> = ee ea

the Confederate and the United States of America. The
remaining ambivalent Southern states had run out of time.
Kentucky quickly disengaged itself from overt hostilities, de-
claring itself neutral for the war's duration. Tennessee and
Arkansas held out for nearly a month before finally casting
their lot in with the Confederacy. On May 20, 1861, North
Carolina became the last state to sever its connection to the
Union. The battle lines were drawn.

Changelings ac War

The Kithain of the South, in most cases, fought alongside
their human kinain. Trolls followed whomever held their oath,
and many of them distinguished themselves with chivalric honor
and bravery in the field of battle. Some, like the redcaps, paid little
attention to sides, reveling in the joy of battle and the shedding of
blood as a rare opportunity to give full vent to their bloodthirsty
proclivities. Ironically, the Scathach sidhe also responded from
the heart to the call to war, motivated not by bloodlust (like the
redcaps) but by their warrior spirit. Several members of this quasi-
house served as aides to Stonewall Jackson and, rumors say, to the
South's greatest general, Robert E. Lee.

In the mountains and along the border between the North
and South, some changelings, like their mortal relations,
joined the Union Army, to express their belief in the dreams of
national unity and universal freedom. Just as mortal families in
the border states found themselves torn in two as some mem-
bers joined the Confederacy while others fought to preserve the
Union, changeling motleys and oath circles broke apart (often
violently) over divided loyalties. The 999th West Virginia
Union Volunteers, a small unit made up exclusively of nockers,
trolls and boggans, clashed frequently in chimerical battle with
their former oathmates and motley companions in the 13th
Virginia Confederates, also composed entirely of changelings.
On larger battlefields, such as Gettysburg, Vicksburg and
Antietam, individual changelings met each other in single
combat, surrounded on all sides by the screams and bullets of
their mortal comrades.

Many changeling history buffs claim that a motley of
redcaps that had managed to maneuver itself into key positions
in the army led by William Tecumseh Sherman influenced the
general's scorched-earth tactics during his infamous march to
the sea. It seems more likely, however, that Sherman's March
revealed the Union leader's calculated desire to break the back
of the Southern economy, rather than giving evidence to the
"advice" of a group of blood-crazed Kithain.

The End of che Confederace Dream

Mortal history offers many reasons for the South's defeat:
Northern superiority in the technology of war, the fragility of
the South's economy, poor planning on the part of Southern
politicians and generals and strategic outmaneuvering by North-
ern tacticians. Those who seek moral lessons in history point to
the "rightness" of the Union cause as opposed to the dubious
foundations of the Confederacy. In the end, however, it all
boiled down to the fact that, when two opposing dreams
struggle to occupy the same place in the "real" world, only one


qd

dream can prevail. On April 9, 1865, General Robert E. Lee
surrendered at Appomattox Courthouse to the Union forces
led by General Ulysses S. Grant. After four long and bloody
years, the dream of a united American nation had prevailed.
Like their mortal counterparts, the Kithain on both sides of the
conflict began the arduous struggle to heal the wounds brought
about by the lengthy and bitter war.

The Age of Reconscruccion

What an end to our great hopes. Is it possible that we were
wrong?

— Diary of General Josiah Gorgas, Confederate Army

The aftermath of the Civil War brought about sweeping
changes in both changeling and mortal society in the South.
Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation had granted freedom in
word to all the slaves living in the rebel states; now that word
became deed. The old, outdated dreams of agrarian slavery and
decentralized, state-dominated nationhood died at
Appomattox. In its stead arose the new dreams that would
shape the course of the future — dreams of racial and social
equality, visions of an industrialized economy able to hold its
own in the international marketplace and the political ideal of
a strong, centralized government.

Unfortunately, the dreams of reconstructing the South
and rebuilding its shattered economy turned into nightmares of
disappointment, dissatisfaction, vengeance and disillusion-
ment. The assassination of President Lincoln in 1865 placed
Andrew Johnson in the presidential office. Unfortunately, he
lacked the ability to assume the complex role needed by the nation
—a healer of wounds and the mender of a broken economy.

Southern states formed new governments and petitioned
to rejoin the Union; in many cases, their initial attempts
proved unacceptable due, in part, to differences of opinion
between President Andrew Johnson and his Congress as to the
definition of suitability. The disqualification for public office
and, in some cases, disenfranchisement of former Confederate
soldiers seemed a logical means of preventing a return to the old
practices that had led to secession, but it left much of the South
feeling deprived of leaders.

Many Southern Kithain had lost their freeholds to the
ravages of invading Union troops; in addition, numerous change-
lings died on the battlefield, leaving their holdings vacant.
Groups of vagabond commoners took to wandering the coun-
tryside, searching for empty or poorly protected freeholds to
claim as their own.

Although the issuance of presidential pardons soon re-
stored many Southern white males to full citizenship, the
damage to their personal honor had already been done. The
seeds of hostility toward the North and toward the newly freed
black population took root; its ugly blossoms and bitter fruit
emerged as legislated racism and unofficial vigilantism. This
attitude found its reflection in conflicts between Southern
changelings and their northern Kithain counterparts.

Among the newly freed blacks, a strange, unfamiliar sense
of power emerged. Many former slaves had long prepared for

Chapzer one: History of the Kingdom of Willows

freedom; despite threats of beatings and worse, they had taught
themselves to read and write in the hope that one day they
would earn a place among the ranks of free men and women.
Now they achieved status in the eyes of the federal government
as citizens and potential landowners. The long struggle of the
eshu to nurture the dreams of their mortal relations finally
began to blossom.

This state of affairs proved unacceptable to many South-
ern whites. Persecution of free blacks began early on both
political and social levels. State legislations granted blacks
certain rights but forbade them others. In some states, blacks
could marry, own property, engage in contracts and partici-
pate in legal affairs (that concerned other blacks) but could
not vote, marry outside their race or hold public office.
Vigilante groups concerned with keeping free blacks "in
their place" formed lynch mobs and posses, waging a cam-
paign of terror designed to intimidate the black population
and prevent it from taking part in the new South. The Ku
Klux Klan raised its hooded head, and the sight of burning
crosses heralded the politics of fear. To the shame of all
Kithain, many changelings — especially redcaps and many
Unseelie Kithain — succumbed to their baser natures,
reveling in the dark Glamour that arose from inspiring terror
in the hearts of the helpless.

Encer the Carpecdaggers

According to popular belief, northern opportunists seized
upon the South's economic woes and flocked to the region,
hoping to make their fortunes by taking advantage of the
depressed economic conditions. Known as "carpetbaggers,"
after their penchant for carrying all their worldly goods in one
bag, these self-styled entrepreneurs weaseled their way into
positions as landlords and businessmen. From these lofty posts,
they proceeded to bilk the poor without regard to skin color.
Yankee politicians who sought to insert themselves into the
political vacuum that opened up at the war's end acquired the
name "scalawags."

While many genuinely concerned Northern philanthro-
pists and educators also traveled south to offer assistance to the
region, their efforts diminished under the weight of stereotype.
Few can recall their efforts; everyone remembers the carpetbag-
gers and scalawags.

During this period, Kithain politics changed drastically.
The course of the war had invaded many holdings, and a
number of freeholds lay in ruins. Motleys and oath circles that
had divided during the war found it difficult to repair their
damaged relationships. Many changelings succumbed to Ba-
nality; Glamour was scarce.

On the other hand, the South offered new dramas for
northern changelings. Boggans and nockers traveled south in
the company of educators and industrial experts, eager to lend
their inspiration to the emerging middle and working classes.
The sluagh, formerly present in small numbers in the coal
mining country of West Virginia and Kentucky, seeped into
the backwoods and the bayous, searching for caches of lost

Say
EN

ean?

2

>
yal

Len)

Glamour and wallowing in the tragic overtones of faded dreams
and lost causes.

Satyrs arrived by the tragos, hoping to inject some liveli-
ness into the cultural life of the defeated South. Redcaps from
the North gleefully immersed themselves in the atmosphere of
violence that characterized many areas of the region, while
trolls attempted to use their steadiness to help stabilize the
connections to the Southern Dreaming. And of course the pooka
came in force, attracted by the aura of uncertainty and fascinated
by the bizarre complexities of southern politics after the war.

Northern eshu also ventured south at the request of their
Southern kithmates, serving as protectors and inspirers of the
thousands of free blacks. A time for new dreams, many Kithain
felt, lay just around the corner.

Induscrializacion and €xploicacion

The last half of the 19th century saw the end of the old South
and the rise of the new — rather, of several new — South.

Under the plantation system, one crop had emerged as the
mainstay of the Southern agrarian economy — cotton. Not
only the planter class, but entire states depended on the yearly
cotton crop to put money in the bank. Now, with the need to
repay debts incurred during the war and to fund rebuilding
efforts, King Cotton, if anything, loomed even larger. To
replace the labor once performed by slaves, a system of share-
cropping and tenant farming continued to supply workers to
ensure a steady supply of cotton. While this widespread method
of amassing a labor force provided jobs for former slaves and
poor whites, it also encouraged an extreme stratification of society
— one little different than that which had existed before.

To some extent, Kithain society reflected that of their
Dreamers. Commoner nobles were loathe to surrender any of
their claims, clinging to their freeholds and jealously guarding
whatever privileges and treasures they still retained. Other
changelings, some of whom served on one side or another of the
War Between the States, tried to pick up the pieces. Blacks
were still not recognized as equals; though eshu were sometimes
accorded respect when among Kithain, even there, prejudice
reared its head on occasion.

New businesses were springing up all over the South. A
merchant class arose almost overnight to provide necessary
goods to the new working class. Many merchants operated
country stores not unlike the company stores that supplied
manufactured commodities to coal miners and railroad work-
ers. Others were simply small businesses begun by entrepre-
neurs who saw an opportunity to advance themselves in addi-
tion to creating a new market in the South. Industrialists
began to target the South as an important locus for building
factories; labor was plentiful and cheap, and Southern leg-
islators were desperate to increase income and investments
in their states.

Southern boggans and nockers found the new state of
affairs particularly promising, as dreams of individual achieve-
ment spread rapidly among the common people and birthed a
new spirit of inventiveness.

42 Kingdom of Willows

SSI OSC OSMOSIS LOSS SS NOISES

‘Your Majesties.

T beg your indulgence in commenting on one
aspect of our pooka chronicler's treatise. While I
find ic amusing that Sir Slevin's (himself accorded
noble status) accounts invariably paint commoners
in rosy lights while subtly sneering at nobles of any
sort — even commoner nobles — I hesitated to. change
his narrative in the above section. Ocspite his
obvious admiration for and bias in favor of common-
ers. some of his general conclusions do seem correct.
Of course. we must remember that many of the so-
called nobles he refers to were actually opportunists
who grabbed what they could after the war rather
than the Kithain who had originally claimed the
richer freeholds. Many of the latter had served —
and died — in the war. As the opportunists merely
aped their betters when assuming noble status, it can
hardly be said that they were fainting hostesses."
Unlike their mortal "Oreamers, many of the nouveau
nobles were themselves recently elevated from the
working class. That they then needed to lower their
expectations is certainly ironic, but hardly reflec-
tive of those of genuine nobility.

"With that caveat. I remain,

Lady Aramithe

Still a third "new South" arose with the increased promi-
nence of Southern women, once relegated to the status of
refined breeders and hostesses. The Civil War created widows
and left many families without fathers. Women stepped in as
breadwinners and, with their contributions to the work force,
began to demand a political voice. While female commoner
nobles had always been accorded more respect for their abilities
than their human counterparts, many found common cause
with their newly liberated mortal sisters. This state of affairs
greatly amused less refined (or poorer) Kithain whose Dream-
ers had always worked alongside their menfolk. Eshu, in par-
ticular, whose women Dreamers had often toiled long hours in
the fields or served as household laborers, found grim humor in
the image of former fainting hostesses now tending store.
While the gentility discovered work for the first time and
responded with dreams of shock and dismay or wonder and
determination, the dreams of working and middle-class females
took on a new richness as they seized opportunities formerly
denied them.

Economic diversity began to breathe new life into the
Southern economy, creating a new South determined to break
away from its "single-crop" dependency. Railroads had played
an important role in moving troops during the war; now, more
railroad companies laid tracks across the South, enabling
inland cities such as Atlanta, Nashville, Richmond, Chatta-
nooga and Louisville to enjoy the benefits of trade once
monopolized by the coastal cities of Savannah and Charleston.


Industrial development and investment in the South also grew
exponentially, with the emergence of large-scale logging, tex-
tile production, tobacco processing and iron manufacturing (to
the horror of many Kithain living near the iron works in cities
like Richmond, Virginia and Selma, Alabama).

Yet another, grimmer South emerged as white males,
many of them former Confederate soldiers or their sons, began
to look for ways to salvage their wounded pride. The Redeemer
movement sought to redefine the South and come to terms
with their defeat without apologies. Laying the blame for the
"War of Northern Aggression" on every cause except slavery,
these politicians and influential aristocrats strove to embrace
modernization without accepting the equality of blacks. They
promulgated a rhetoric of change and progress while simulta-
neously maintaining an attitude of white supremacy. Thus, the
dark romanticism of the "Lost Cause" was born and, with it, the
proliferation of statutes and social pressures dedicated to the
proposition that all men were not created equal. A few Kithain
— those who had lost their freeholds and standing within
changeling society due to the bad fortunes of war and recon-
struction — adopted the Lost Cause as their banner and
derived Glamour from its melancholy anger.

During this period, Southern whites also repudiated the
Republican party in favor of the rival Democrats, seeing in
them their only hope for curtailing increased federalization and
for preserving even a vestige of states' rights. Southern Demo-
crats emerged as a distinct force on the political horizon,
merging a strong anti-federalist stance with an even stronger
white supremacy stance. Blacks, on the other hand, tended to
support the Republican party — Lincoln's party —as their best
hope for attaining in fact the equality granted to them by law.
While few Kithain entered politics directly, many of them
found sources of Glamour in the fiery debates and fierce
antipathies that arose between southern politicians.

The Tuenciech Cencury

During the first quarter of the 1900s, money and re-
sources poured steadily into the southeast from the North,
as wealthy industrialists invested their financial assets in
the emerging industries and bought rights to many of the
region's natural resources. These mercantile and industrial
barons also found something else in the South — the perfect
playground. Resorts of various types arose, attracting the
rich and famous to luxury hotels, hot mineral springs and the
prospect of wintering in the balmy South. This recreational
interest served to attract a new wave of changelings, eager to
indulge in the Glamour evoked by the "glamorous" visitors
to the South.

The First World War catalyzed much of the South, as
blacks and whites left the farms and moved to the cities,
where they joined the revitalized work force in providing
goods for the war effort. Although it did not improve race
relations, the long-term effects of the war on the Southern
economy lay in the introduction of more new industries,
such as chemical and petroleum production.

Chapzer one: History of the Kingdom of Willows

Your Majesties,

Although Sir Slevin fails to mention it (an odd
omission, to my mind). my own researches have revealed
that it Was sometime during this long. turbulent period
that the Shadow Court came into its own in the South.
"Preying upon the miseries and uncertainties that War
and economic depression can cause, this unscrupulous
group made inroads in the changeling population —
either through promising them a chance to avenge
themselves for imagined or real slights and injuries or
by appealing to their hopes of changing chings for the
better. As always, the Shadow Court found its great-
est adherents among the have-nots' — those change-
lings who lacked freeholds or whose hearts were
darkened by the many upheavals of a new nation
struggling to assert itself:

Te is my belief that many of the atrocities commit-
ted in the name of "Northern/Southern antipathy and
racial bigotry were spurred on by fae implementing the
Shadow Court's agenda. Many Unseelie founded soci
eties that continue to exist even today. I fear that
many organizations that (on the surface) appear as
social clubs or beneficent organizations or cliques
actually hie within their hearts a core of Shaow
Court activists. While I hesitate to sound an alarm
regarding their activities (as we have no real evidence
that their maneuverings are more than posturing at
this point), I feel it is wise to scrutinize many of the
Kithain groupings that arose in the past, particularly
those formed around that time period. Te cannot be lost
on you that we (Concordia) are something of a new
nation ourselves. The disturbances and upheavals that
once rocked mortal society find echoes in our recent
struggles to again assert our rights in che world. Thope
there is no commensurate echo in the formation of
stronger Shadow Court groups. or we may fim our-
selves in severe difficulties once again. For us. the past.
as ever, becomes our future. just as stories once told
may find new life as their eycle comes around again.

‘Yours.

Lady Aramithe

In the 1920s, a literary renaissance emerged, as writers
began to explore the Southern psyche in probing works of
fiction and drama. William Faulkner's critical dissection of
family relations in the Deep South, Thomas Wolfe's insights
into the Appalachian heartland, Eudora Welty's portrayals of
real Southerners, and Jean Toomer's powerful expressions of
black identity heralded the arrival of a distinctly Southern
voice in the world of serious literature. While it is difficult to
ascertain the extent of Kithain involvement with Southern
writers, changelings certainly basked in the atmosphere of
creativity that surrounded them.


£2]

SZ

OT
5)

Gry,

UH
SJ)

OSI

2
i

Meanwhile, the local changelings struggled to keep ahead
of the game, most of their dreams outsated. The patriotic fervor
of the First World War and the dark nightmares of the Depres-
sion left their collective stamp on the Southeastern changeling
population. Many Southern Kithain joined the American
forces who fought in the trenches of France and Belgium,
glorying in the chance to engage in dreams of battle that held
a purity missing from civil strife and internal dissension. Only
a few survived with their lives and faerie natures intact.

The Nighcmare of Jim Crow

The politics of Jim Crow legislation effectively under-
mined the efforts toward racial equality. Laws in most
southern states precluded blacks from mixing with whites in
any public or social capacity other than a position of subser-
vience. With the tacit (and sometimes overt) blessing of the
Supreme Court, laws restricting the black vote by requiring
literacy tests, residency qualifications and other limits de-
nied blacks access to the ballot. At best, the law declared
blacks "separate but equal"; at worst, blacks lost their lives
to the lynch mobs of the Klan. Southern whites grew up
learning to fear blacks and to believe in their own innate
superiority.

In response, blacks migrated by the thousands, leaving
the South for other parts of the country where they hoped to
find acceptance and true equality. Although some Southern
eshu tried to persuade their kinain not to abandon their
homes for the risky prosperity and dubious equality of the
Northeast and Midwest, others felt the pull of the road and
accompanied their mortal friends and families.

Depression and World ar

The collapse of the American economy during the
1930s brought financial woes to the South as well as to the
rest of the country. Many small farmers lost their homes and
lands; businesses declared bankruptcy and closed their doors.
Many Southerners, both black and white, left the South,
seeing no future for themselves. The Kithain, too, suc-
cumbed to the temptation to pull up roots and move else-
where, searching for new dreams to feed their flagging souls;
many of them joined the migration.

The election of Franklin D. Roosevelt to the Presidency
in 1932 brought another wave of change to the South. FDR's
New Deal policies revamped southern agriculture, insti-
tuted forestry programs and launched the vast dam-building
project of the Tennessee Valley Authority. Industry re-
ceived a jolt as well; the paper and chemical industries
provided jobs and brought money into the South.

On the political front, the Constitution granted the vote
to women in 1920, over the strenuous objections of many
Southern males. Blacks, however, still suffered under the
oppressive weight of racist-backed political disenfranchise-
ment.

The Second World War sent another generation into
battle. In the South, poor blacks and whites made up the
majority of enlistees. On the homefront, the war effort bol-


‘Your Majesties.

Although Sir Slevin's report of this milestone of
southern history encompasses the facts with a fair
degree of accuracy. I feel he fails to emphasize one
remarkable aspect of the civil rights movement and its
leaders. The life and commitment of Martin Luther
‘King, Ir. and other dedicated visionaries reawakened in
southern changelings a faith in mortals ability to dream.
Throughout the long, dreary centuries since the Shat-
tering. many Kithain despaired in the belief that they
fought a losing battle to retain what little pieces of the
Oreaming remained after the gateways to Arcadia
slammed shut. The Glamour engendered by Or. "King and

excelled in espionage and reconnaissance missions, as did
(surprisingly) pooka, whose capacity for misdirection and ver-
bal obfuscation made them excellent double agents. Boggans
found their best form of service in the war as medics and
quartermasters, while nockers went straight for the big guns
and heavy weaponry. Rumors persist that some nockers partici-
pated in the top-secret atomic research in Oak Ridge, Tennes-
see, as part of the Manhattan Project.

During this time, Southern eshu redoubled their efforts to
inspire their Kinain with even stronger dreams of true equality.
The seeds of the civil rights movement took root, emerging in
force in the 1960s.

Civil Righcs and che Power

of One CDan''s Dream

The end of the war signaled a new phase in race relations
in the South. Black soldiers, seasoned by their wartime experi-

other speakers, by the wave of folk singers who wove
social commentary into their music and by the creative
spirit of nonviolent protesters reaffirmed the hope in

the hearts of many changelings that they were not
trapped on a collision course with Endless "Winter.

Devspite racist. attitudes on the part of some
Southern changelings. the "Kithain as a group have
characteristically paid lictle attention to skin color as
a designation of social status: after all. rolls are blue.
pooka often manifest decidedly animal characteristics
and satyrs sport both horns and hooves. "With the
departure of most of the nobles, commoner fae moved in
theoretically egalitarian circles (although fact often
put the lie to theory).

The eshu. most of them dark-skinned like their
African Kinain, suffered from prejudice in their mortal
guises. but enjoyed a great deal of respect among the
"Kithain. Changelings valued these African faeries for
their prodigious wealth of stories and for their willing-
ness to fearlessly face the unknown.

Throughout history. changelings have sided with
those who dared to dream. Thus. in the South, most
‘Kithain found in the struggle for civil rights a constant
source of inspiration and tried their best to repay their
mortal Oreamers in kind.

As always. your servant.

Lay Aramithe

stered the South's — and the nation's — economy. Subtle
changes began taking place in race relations, as blacks and
whites came together to support the war; Southern women,
too, shattered many stereotypes as they worked in factories, ran
businesses and did double-duty in the absence of husbands,
brothers and sons.

Again, Southern Kithain joined in the war. Trolls found
causes or leaders to support; redcaps placed themselves in the
front lines for the pleasure of the kill. Scathach sidhe sought
personal honor on the battlefield and in the skies, while eshu
fought alongside their kinain in Europe and Japan. The sluagh

ences, refused to resume their status as second-class citizens.
Moreover, the persecution of Europe's Jews had made many
Americans realize the extent of their own racism toward
blacks.

The Supreme Court ruling in the case of Brown v. Board of
Education of Topeka in 1954 declared war on the "separate but
equal" status of black Americans. The Civil Rights Act of 1957
sought to put an end to denial of black voting rights and to
institute true legal equality in all facets of American life. The
arrest of Rosa Parks in Montgomery, Alabama, for refusing to
give up her seat in the back of a crowded bus to a white man
prompted a 13-month boycott of buses in the city. Leading that
nonviolent protest effort was a Southern black minister named
Martin Luther King, Jr.

Laws enforcing desegregation in the school system came
under attack in Little Rock, Arkansas; New Orleans, Louisi-
ana; Greensboro, North Carolina and other Southern cities
throughout the 1950s. Then in 1960, John F. Kennedy assumed
the office of the Presidency. Responding to pressure from the
growing civil rights movement, Kennedy finally saw the neces-
sity of vigorous government support for desegregation of Ameri-
can society.

It wasn't enough. On August 28, 1963, more than 200,000
blacks and sympathetic whites marched on Washington in
peaceful protest to demand equal rights for all Americans.
Southern Kithain of all kith followed the trail of Glamour that
reverberated through the throngs of marchers. Reverend Mar-
tin Luther King, Jr. spoke for 15 minutes, but the power and
eloquence of his words reverberated throughout the nation and
echoed through time. The dream of equality he espoused took
ona new life that even King's murder five years later could not
silence.

The Resurgence of Nodles Dreams

The return of the sidhe in 1969 had a profound impact on
changeling life and politics throughout America. Some of the
sidhe remembered lands they had once held in the Southern
USS. and returned there to reassert their rights of rulership.

tT

Chapzer one: History of che Kingdom of Willows

aS


Their attempts to revive their claims brought them into
direct conflict with commoners who had occupied the choice
freeholds in the nobles' absence. Moreover, the long history
of struggle for equality left its mark on southern changelings.
Just as blacks refused to accept positions of subservience to
whites, commoner fae balked at bending the knee to a group
of upstart nobles.

As usual, however, nothing in the South is as simple as
it appears. The Accordance War came late to the region, but
it arrived with a vengeance, sparking some bizarre twists and
turns that could only take place in the South.

Some traditional-minded commoners, who still roman-
ticized the quasi-feudal structure of the old plantation soci-
ety, actually sided with the sidhe, hoping for a return to the
stability of the past. Many trolls found themselves respond-
ing to old oaths sworn in previous incarnations to some of
the returning sidhe.

In other cases, commoner fae opposed the sidhe, seeing
them as newcomers or a fancier class of "carpetbaggers."
Resentment at the effrontery of nobles — who had sought
their own safety in the Dreaming and then, when it was
convenient, returned expecting to re-assume their leader-
ship — placed the majority of commoners at odds with the
sidhe.

House Scathach occupied a singularly uncomfortable
position during the Accordance War. Although it consid-
ered itself fully sidhe, the returning nobles dubbed them
"half-breeds" and refused to recognize any common kinship.
On the other hand, some commoners lumped members of
House Scathach in with the returning noble houses, figuring
that "kith will tell." Some Scathach sidhe, therefore, found
themselves forced to battle both angry commoners and
disdainful Arcadian sidhe. Many members of House Scathach
simply withdrew from the fray, once again placing them-
selves outside the reach of both commoners and nobility.

Many progressive-minded changelings found their loy-
alties divided as the Accordance War ripped apart the fabric
of Southern Kithain society. While many commoners in-
stinctively opposed the sidhe, fearing a return to an out-
dated feudal concept, other, commoners supported the sidhe
in hopes of just such an outcome. A few visionaries saw the
return of the nobility as a chance to replace the old guard

46 Kingdom of Willows

with a new, potentially more malleable leadership, unbur-
dened by the ghosts of history and the nightmares of the
past.

Visions of Today and Tomorrow

The treaty that established the Kingdom of Concordia
and designated the American South as the Kingdom of
Willows originally placed the region in the hands of King
Barabas ap Eiluned. Barabas had seized the area forcibly
through a series of brilliant, Shermanesque campaigns; the
High King merely ratified a rule already in place.

While few could fault the High King for his choice,
given the necessity to impose a swift and equitable peace on
changeling society, Barabas soon proved a more ruthless
sovereign than he had been a general. Under his erratic and
unpredictable despotism, many of the hard-won freeholds
held for more than two centuries by commoners passed into
the hands of Barabas' noble lackeys.

Finally, in 1990, commoners (along with a few sympa-
thetic nobles and most of House Scathach) revolted, as-
saulting the royal freehold and forcing the King of Willows
to the peace table. Before the peace talks were concluded,
however, Barabas fell to the hands of an assassin. A royal
lottery selected Duke Meilge ap Eiluned, a veteran of the
Accordance War and a popular figure among both nobles
and commoners, to succeed the late sovereign as the new
lord of the Kingdom of Willows.

Granted these lands by the power of the Dreaming,
King Meilge moved his freehold from his original, pre-
Shattering holding of Summerstree to a magnificent pent-
house palace in downtown Atlanta. Since he assumed lead-
ership of the southern fae, Meilge has become a driving force
in the modernization of the South. Quick to perceive the
benefits of progress for an area desperately in need of pros-
perity, Meilge openly solicits investments by industry, banks
and land developers. While some Kithain express private
dismay at the possible corruption of the Dreaming caused by
the encroachment of such Banality-ridden institutions, oth-
ers support the king's belief that the creativity inspired by
his realm's emergence into the mainstream of the 21st
century will more than offset any corrosion of the dreams of
the past.

Yon
M0"

>
ey
Ly


i)
i
eq

rR

e,

\/f

Ay

Dry

Your Majesties.

Sir Slevin Teague's report on the history of the Kingdom of Willows ends here. I must. therefore.
insert my own meager commentary on his account. "While Teague has demonstrated a perception and
astuteness far outside the normal abilities of his kith. he nevertheless skirts what is perhaps the most
salient issue of the Kingdom of Willows — namely, the enigmatic and sometimes disturbing personality
of Meilge himself:

The king mirrors the land and the land mirrors the king. Meilge. in many ways. perfectly reflects
the kingdom he rules. Desirous to enlarge his own power base and increase his influence in the
Parliament of reams, he echoes the South's growing assertion of its economic/ political clout. Subject
as he is to wild mood swings and mercurial displays of both largesse and cruelty. he nevertheless
commands the respect of commoners and nobles alike for his insights into how to ensure prosperity for
his subjects and their mortal dreamers. Under Meilge, the fortunes of the South have never seemed
brighter.

Since the 1960s, the South has grown by leaps and bounds. Though blacks seill struggle to achieve
a truly equal place in society. race relations have, for the most part. improved considerably from the
era of Jim Crow. Southerners are discovering ways to preserve their history while embracing change

(s

and accepting responsibility for past misdeeds. Even remote areas such as the Appalachians and the
Ozarks are gaining recognition as oases of local culture and havens for small entrepreneurs and
individuals concerned with inventing ecologically harmonious lifestyles. Many families whose ancestors
left the South in the 1930s are now seeking to return home. More Southern youth now elect to remain
in the South rather than seek their fortunes in the illusory paradises of the North and "West

On the other hand. many vices commonly associated with the industrial slums of the Northeast have
arrived in the South. Rumors persist that Meilge has encouraged criminal investments in the region,
although the kings supporters cite a number of other causes (both mortal and supernatural) as being

_ responsible for the growth of crime and violence in Southern cities. Some critics claim that Meilge has
gone over to the Unseelie Court, citing his alleged involvement in illicit activities as proof. It is only
fair to point out that the South still lags behind other parts of the country in organized criminal
enterprises.

Despite his many detractors. Meilge remains a stabilizing force for Southern Kithain society. His
patronage of the arts and his championship of worthy individuals regardless of their status as commoner
or noble has gathered about hin a glittering entourage of remarkable changelings. all of them eager to
assist their liege in realizing his viston of a dynamic kingdom. Tf a king can be judged by his councilors.
then Meilge has demonstrated his insight and good judgment many times over. That the High Queen
considers "King Meilge as both her mentor and former sponsor speaks volumes for his loyalty and
devotion to the dream of Concordia.

The Kingdom of Willows comprises a vast territory of wildly different lands and an equally
disparate population. The above history has only tapped the surface of its mysteries. To delve more
deeply would require more than this brief overview. The real process of discovery will unfold as ‘Your
Majesties traverse the lands and speak to your subjects.

Te is my fondest wish chat Your Majesties will find useful information and a bit of wisdom in this
report and that the hospitality for which King Meilge is noted will prove a suitable introduction to
the land he holds in your sovereign names.

Respectfully submitted for your edification,

Lary Aramithe ni Fiona

Q



LARD
a:

The Kingdom of Willows encompasses the southeast-
ern United States, with the exception of Florida. King
Meilge rules from his palace in Atlanta, but his hold over
this diverse region is less than absolute. Within his imme-
diate realm, his powerful personality has left its tumultuous
and ambitious imprint on his lands; thus, Atlanta's drive for
metropolitan status reflects Meilge's highest hopes, as the

city's fractious internal tensions and high incidence of
crime mirror the king's more troubled aspects. In other parts
of the kingdom, nobles and commoners in positions of
power exercise their own influence over the lands entrusted
to them. In some cases, the psyches of local dukes, duch-
esses, counts, countesses and other lords and ladies serve to
mitigate Meilge's despotism; in others, the resonance be-
tween the King of Willows and his loyal deputies amplify
one another, leading to a palpable atmosphere of decay and
decadence that permeates the Dreaming and leeches into
the physical world.

cm |

Pree
fos sito

The earth and myself are of one mind. The measure of
the land and the measure of our bodies are the same.
— Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce

?

YOR)

NA

NS
KK

‘Al

KZ

(

Composed of King Meilge's own holding of Willow's Heart,
10 recognized and two disputed duchies and numerous smaller
counties and baronies, the Kingdom of Willows relies heavily on
commoner nobles to maintain its lower echelon of nobility, since
the sidhe have notsettled herein as greata number as in some other
regions of Concordia. Many independent freeholds exist within
the kingdom as well, predominantly in the still-untamed regions,
such as the Appalachian and Ozark mountain ranges, the Louisi-
ana bayous, the coastal islands of South Carolinaand the rural areas
of the Deep South.

The Kingdom of Willows contains far too many places of
interest and significance to permit a detailed description of each
region. This section offers instead an overview of the mortal and
chimerical realms under the governance of Meilge ap Eiluned.
Storytellers should take advantage of the plethora of excellent
travel guides and history books on the South and exercise their
license as Dreamers to embellish the lands that comprise the
Kingdom of Willows.

Chapzer Two: Geography


,

Willows Hearc

Throw away your Northern Towels™ and save your Dixie
Cups™, for the South shall rise again!

— Kids' saying in the South

Encompassing the metropolitan area of Atlanta and all of
Georgia, King Meilge's domain reflects both his Seelie and
Unseelie natures. It includes some of the most progressive and
industrialized parts of the Kingdom, while harboring large areas
of rural poverty and provincial-minded people. Though it
serves as the center of the Kingdom of Willows, many change-
lings see instead a rotten core at the kingdom's heart.

Physical Geography

SVillowis Hearcetretchies exetrard from the Charahooches
Rivera whitch fore ies restern' boundaryawith thie Duchy of
(Gotton (Alatmma) ito the'Adantic Ocean and che Savannah
River Gn its eastern border with the Duchy of Palmetto (South
Carolina); Onithe north, it borders the Duchy of Appalachia
while itextends
ands (Florida).

ike revion's landdecane feaniresthe Appalachian feorhills
in the northern part of the region, broad central plains in the

(western North Carolina and eastern Tenn
southward as far as the Kingdom of White

region's heartland and a 100-mile-long coastal stretch of sandy
beaches and exclusive island resorts. Near the White Sands

border, the Okefenokee Swamp (now the Okefenokee Na-
tional Wildlife Refuge) isa priceless ecological preserve featur-
ing rare and vanishing species of plants and wildlife — an
earthly paradise for pooka.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks

Bring the good old bugle, boys! We'll sing another song —
Sing it with a spirit that will start the world along —

Sing it as we used to sing it, fifty thousand strong,

While we were marching through Georgia.

— Henry Clay Work, "Marching Through Georgia"

Aclanca and the Norch-Cencral Area

The South's largest metropolis, located in the heart of
central Georgia, expresses the diverse interests of the new
South. Atlanta simultaneously steeps itself in history and
competes with the rest of the country in urban growth and
economic prosperity. The spiritual center of the Old South,
Atlanta has also served as one of the major bases of the civil
rights movement. Its eclectic population includes many north-
well as a varied racial mix of Caucasians,
African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans and Asian-Ameri-
Changelings of all kith make their homes amid the
d suburbs, drawing on the many sources of
able in Atlanta.


© Downtown Atlanta—The city's hub boasts a skyline of
towering, architecturally distinctive skyscrapers, asserting its
claim to metropolitan status. At night, the colorful lights
glimmering from most of these steel-and-glass sentinels trans-
form the city into a breathtaking landscape of multicolored
hues, masking the urban sprawl and squalor too evident during
the glaring light of day. King Meilge's own freehold claims
pride of place as one of the most eccentric skyscrapers in the
area, while Baroness Sabrina and her mortal husband occupy
the penthouse floor of an exclusive residential building in the
downtown area. Notable sites include the Renaissance-style
Georgia State Capitol, the CNN Center, and the Martin
Luther King, Jr. Center. The Georgia Dome (home of the
Atlanta Falcons) plays host to sports-minded Kithain who feed
on the Glamour generated by hopeful fans, while Underground
Atlanta (a six-block subterranean complex of shops, restau-
rants and clubs) provides the backdrop for a daily feast on the
wonder of tourists and the occasional Kithain party. Satyrs
frequent the Underground, hoping for the chance to arrange
interesting trysts.

¢ Midtown — Once a haven for the counterculture of
the ‘60s and ‘70s, the region just north of downtown Atlanta
now serves as a center for gays, young professionals and
rising artists and musicians. Midtown shows its connection
to Atlanta's changelings through the Science and Technol-
ogy Museum of Atlanta (a favorite hangout of the city's
nockers), the High Museum of Art (frequented by fewer
Kithain, but notable for its attraction to the sidhe), and the
Atlanta Botanical Garden, which holds enduring interest
for pooka, satyr and boggan alike. The classic, Egyptian-
style Fox Theater is a landmark and a treasure to all Atlanta's
Kithain.

* Outlying Districts — While the Buckhead, Virginia
Highlands, Druid Hills and Emory University regions that
surround central Atlanta contain other cultural and historic
sites, their main attractions for changelings are their numerous
art galleries, eateries and night spots. Even the sluagh find
darker, quieter pursuits to entertain them in this region, which
caters to young, creative Atlanteans.

Savannah and the Coase

Once Georgia's most important city due to its prestige as
aport city, Savannah now basks in the faded glories of history,
yet begins to look toward its future as a center for both a newly
revived shipping trade and a rising center of manufacturing.
And, of course, there are the tourists who flock to one of the few
major Georgia cities that Sherman did not burn.

Savannah's Historic Center draws Kithain drawn to its
romantic view of the past, while the River Street Train Mu-
seum serves as the site for the Annual Nockers Rail Fest. The
city's sluagh population frequents the Colonial Park Cemetery,
the site of many colonial graves. The bustling Port of Savannah
functions as the largest port between New Orleans and Balti-
more; its revitalized wharf area provides shopping and dining
for tourists, and is the defacto center for Kithain activity in
the city.

Since the 1994 publication of John Berendt's nonfiction
novel, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, residents of
Savannah have wholeheartedly embraced the seamy, steamy
underside depicted in this socio-cultural true-crime story. Many
of the sites mentioned in the book, such as the Mercer House,
the Chatham County Courthouse and the Bonaventure Cem-
etery, have become major tourist attractions, as well as unof-
ficial gathering places for the city's Shadow Court.

The Nacural Kingdoms Hearc

Willow's Heart's coastal islands form a decorative fringe
that wanders lazily down the Atlantic coast between Savannah
and the Kingdom of White Sands. Including Cumberland,
Jekyll, St. Simon's and Sea Island, among others, these sub-
tropical environments serve as exclusive resorts, private re-
treats, public beaches and wildlife preserves. Drawing artists
with their wild splendor, the Sea Islands also attract Kithain
eager to nurture that inspiration.

Straddling the border between Willows and White Sands,
the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge represents the larg-
est undisturbed wetlands environment in Concordia and har-
bors an enormous peat bog, as well as stands of virgin cypress,
pine islands and a network of waterways and natural canals.
Rumors of a mixed satyr-pooka pirate base occasionally surface
— usually in time for a "swamp-crawling party" sometime
around Samhain when those who plan to attend are expected
to don their best buccaneering gear and follow strategically
placed Jolly Roger markers to the site of the gathering.

Enchanced Places

You spotted snakes with double tongue,

Thorny hedge-hogs, be not seen;

Newts, and blind-worms, do no wrong;

Come not near our fairy queen.

— William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream

Willows Hearc

King Meilge's freehold occupies the upper penthouse
levels of an elegant high-rise in the heart of Atlanta's business
district. Its opulent interior includes a grand ballroom com-
plete with a galleried balcony, a number of small parlors, music
rooms and numerous guest suites in addition to Meilge's own
private chambers. Terraced balconies on the lower two levels
of the three stories claimed and enchanted by the King of
Willows hold gardens of ever-blooming azaleas, camellias,
gardenias and other fragrant blossoms as well as a small "forest"
of waxen-leaved magnolia trees of both hothouse and naturally
occurring varieties. The skyscraper itself, one of the most
unique architectural offerings in the city, appears to have been
carved of palest blue glass and dipped in spun sugar.

Miisceria Hall

Comprising the area around Savannah, this county serves
as the center for Georgia's Seelie aristocracy and for many
changelings who epitomize the best values of Kithain tradition.

Chapzer Two: Geography 51


The Dreaming within the county has a tranquil, leisurely feel
to it, and little of the tainted decadence found nearer to
Meilge's stronghold.

Centered on the gazebo in the enclosed garden on his
family's estate, Count Morrig's freehold, Wisteria Hall, appears
in the Dreaming as an elegantly simple mansion. Reflecting the
understated good taste of its Seelie overlord, the freehold holds
many beautiful treasures and antiques carefully collected over
the years. Its spacious grounds contain several lily ponds which
serve as homes for various species of tropical fish and numerous
private walks and nature paths.

Recently, within Savannah itself, small pockets of disturb-
ing Glamour have begun to surface near places associated with
Berendt's book. Dubbed the Midnight Dreaming, many of
Savannah's Unseelie changelings frequent these sites, and at
least one wilder of House Ailil has attempted to opena freehold
on the grounds of the Mercer House.

Florisc Primaeval

A small freehold held in fealty to Count Morrig by Lady
Una Morrowind, this faerie glen serves as a testimonial to a
tragic love affair between a sidhe noble and a mortal. More
detailed information on this picturesque portion of the Dream-
ing can be found in Freeholds and Hidden Glens.

Barony of Vellumzon

This small but vibrant barony lies north and east of
Willow's Heart and serves as a cultural and social center for the
Kithain who live in and around Athens, Madison and
Watkinsville, Georgia. Steeped in history and Glamour, the
Barony of Vellumton offers a haven to artists and musicians,
many of whom are initially attracted to the region by the
University of Georgia's intellectual and cultural climate as well
as its superb Greek-Revival mansions and buildings.

Whitehall Keep, the freehold granted by Meilge to the
Baron and Baroness of Vellumton, operates on its grounds a
Victorian-style bed and breakfast that serves as an elegant
headquarters for mortals visiting the area. In the Dreaming, the
mansion doublesas the baronial palace of Baron Arawn and his
consort, Baroness Ellawyn, who act as the gracious (but a bit
eccentric) hosts for their fortunate guests.

The magnificent lawn outside Whitehall Keep is the site
of an annual tournament complete with medieval jousting,
swordplay, performances by troubadours, jongleurs and danc-
ers. Mortals and Kithain mix freely in this Glamour-rich
atmosphere to re-enact the customs of the age of chivalry.

The Echoca Council Lands

Approximately 50 miles northwest of Atlanta, near the
Appalachian foothills of northern Georgia, the New Echota
State Historical Site marks the former capital of the Cherokee
nation. On the reconstructed grounds of the Cherokee Su-
preme Court building, a group of Nunnehi led by Chief Gray
Eagle have established an entire village within the Near Umbra
(or spirit world). Hidden from both the Dreaming and mortal
eyes, these nanehi and yunwi tsundsi of Cherokee mortal blood

52 Kingdom oF Willows

K rc

\%,
RK

conduct periodic raids on the Kithain of Willow's Heart,
paying particular attention to those most loyal to Meilge,
whom they call the Half-faced Serpent. Curiously, they never
attack the Barony of Vellumton.

Duchy of Coccon

The Duchy of Cotton ostensibly includes the states of
Mississippi and Alabama. In actuality, this is a duchy under
siege by a feisty duchess determined to wrest the western half
away from its duke and claim it as her rightful holding. In
this land of hot, humid days and drowsy evenings, the
dreams of the old South atrophy while angry dreams of
unfulfilled equal rights battles make themselves heard. The
struggle against stereotyping both within and outside the
Dreaming, forms one of the major issues in the Duchy of
Cotton.

Physical Geography

The Duchy of Cotton's undisputed half (Alabama) forms
the eastern boundary of the contested Duchy of Magnolia's
Home (Mississippi). To the west, the Mississippi River flows
southward to rendezvous with the Gulf of Mexico (through
New Orleans and the Mississippi Delta). East of the Duchy of
Cotton, across the Chattahoochee River, lies Willow's Heart.
The Gulf of Mexico forms the southernmost border of both
duchies, while the Duchy of Graceland's (western Tennessee)
Memphis-Chattanooga line runs from west to east like a
straight-edge across the northern edge of both the Duchy of
Cotton and its rebellious western half.

The eastern landscape of the Duchy of Cotton varies
considerably, from the mountainous northern region of the
lower Appalachians to its southern pine forests and the white-
sand beaches along Mobile Bay. The Duchy of Magnolia's
Home contains fertile farmlands in its interior, a white-sand
coastal strip lined with stands of oaks and — of course — the
flood-plains of the Mississippi Delta. Many changelings bask in
the warmth and sensuous lethargy of the Deep South, and
African-American Kinain whose ancestors left in the wake of
the Civil War are now returning, bringing with them eshu who
have been raised in the North but who feel the pull of their
Southern heritage.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks

Andamus jura nostra defendra (we dare defend our right)
— State motto of Alabama

The Duchy of Coccon

A land of cotton fields, bayous and iron ore, the Duchy of
Cotton has gradually evolved from a dependency on cotton to
become a growing industrial center. Once the focus of many
battles of the civil rights movement, today it attempts to put
aside the stereotyping of the past and take its place in the
modern South. The region's Kithain exemplify the dreams of
both the Old and New South.


¢ Birmingham — The Sloss Furnaces National Historic
Landmark stands as a reminder of the city's role as the center
of Alabama's iron and steel industries until the Depression;
now it attracts nockers, sluagh and a few Dougal sidhe.

2)

A55' tall cast-iron statue of Vulcan, the largest of its kind
in the world, pays tribute to the city's early dependence on the
fires of the forge for its livelihood. Local trolls claim that one
of their kith served as the statue's model. Pooka enjoy the
environs of the Birmingham Zoo (famous for its Siberian Tiger
breeding program),while the city's eshu population holds regu-
lar storytelling festivals on the grounds of the Birmingham
Civil Rights Institute.

* Montgomery — In the heart of plantation country, the

~~ E

Ss

Ai

SSSA

state capital also served as the first capital of the Confederacy.

The first stirrings of the civil rights movement began in the

city's Dexter Avenue King Memorial Baptist Church, where

Sy

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. served as pastor and organized the

Montgomery bus boycott of 1955. This site has become ashrine

for Kithain inspired by the dreams that changed a nation.
Satyrs and Fiona sidhe visit the Hank Williams Memorial,
which marks the grave of the legendary country music icon,

sy

RA

while literary-minded Kithain soak up the melancholy Glam-

our of pilgrims to the F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald Museum.
© Mobile — Noted for its lush growth of az

true birthplace of the Mardi Gras celebration, the Gulf Coast

and as the

ARS

city of Mobile contains some of the oldest African-American
Methodist churches in the country. An annual songfest spon-
changelings from all

sored by the local eshucommunity attr:
over Concordia to its three-day celebration of Southern gospel
music, black spirituals and regional folk songs. At permanent
anchor in the harbor, the USS Alabama forms the nucleus of a
100-acre park commemorating the sea and air battles of World
War II. Duke Firedrake himself conducts chimerical wargames
within the park.

¢ Other Duchy of Cotton Sites — Throughout the
duchy, antebellum history coexists with signposts pointing
tothe modern world. Huntsville houses the NASA-Marshall
Space Flight Center, a haven for Kithain unafraid of the
dreams of scientific and technological wonders. The
Tuskegee Institute celebrates its commitment to black edu-

cation; its campus contains the George hington Carver
Museum. Despite eshu claims to the are:
sidhe (and a few of House Balor) find its environment of
invention difficult to resist. Civil rights history runs deep in
Selma, Alabama, site of the Bloody Sunday confrontation of
March 21, 1965. Although many Kithain attend rallies still
held there, several redcap white supremacists occasionally
make their presence felt. Wise eshu (and other Kithain) do

not walk alone in Selma.

House Dougal

(Dagnolias Home

The essence of the old South lives on in the disputed
fenyree Magnoliats: Homel Watered: by. the' Mississippi
River, the land contains farmlands, bayous and pine forests.
Antebellum plantations now serve as historic sites and
tourist hostels.

<]


PX)
A

SR — = 3 Se = 3

distinction of being the Gulf Coast's oldest unbroken settle-
ment. Proud Kithain who recall Mardi Gras' beginnings in this
area (rather than New Orleans where it has gained enormous
popularity) helped build and now maintain the Mardi Gras
Museum. While the Unseelie revel during New Orleans' Car-
nival, Biloxi's Mardi Gras serves as the destination for most
members of the Seelie Court. A few changelings claim various
antebellum mansions; some of them give guided tours to
mortals and Kithain fascinated by the South's past. One motley
of pooka have claimed a particularly well-kept mansion, and
give mock tours and "formal" dinner parties for commoners
who don the chimerical garb of the sidhe nobility (usually
taken to grotesque exaggeration) and spoof the manners of the
genteel Southern belles and gentlemen of times past.

© Jackson — Mississippi's capital since 1821, Jackson's
Kithain patronize the Governor's Museum and the Mississippi
Arts Center. The Eudora Welty Library attracts the changeling
literati, while the Davis Planetarium (the Southeast's largest)
holds endless wonder for Magnolia's childlings, who regularly

swarm the

¢ Natchez — At one extreme of the Natchez Trace
Park tchez is the home of the Grand Village of the
Natch s (a museum and park), as well as numerous old
Southern mansions, some of which now serve as hotels and

>

nightspots. Though not spoken of, Natchez is usually consid-
ered to be Nunnehi territory. Unlike their more aggressive
cousins, however, the nanehi who frequent Natchez appar-
ently hold no enmity against European changelings, and even
acknowledge "Duchess" Igrania's claim to a freehold there.
Rumors that Igrania has recruited an important nanehi medi-
cine woman into the Cat's Cradle are whispered in several
circles, but as yet that story is unconfirmed.

© Oxford — The home of "Ole Miss," the University of
Mississippi, this quintessential Southern town achieved liter-
ary fame in its guise as Jefferson, Mississippi in the works of
William Faulkner, her native son. The city also houses the
Center for the Study of Southern Culture. While a few Kithain
reside in Oxford and serve as muses to mortals caught up in
literary pursuits, several younger fae find the town far too staid
for their liking.

© Tupelo — Now a center for the arts and noted for its
medical practice, this town is the birthplace of "the King." Fans
come here to see the two-room house where Elvis was born and
to visit the Elvis Presley Park, Elvis Presley Museum and the
Elvis Presley Memorial Chapel. Despite the Duke of Graceland's
claimas the most refined Elvis impersonatoramong the Kithain,
dozens of wannabes flock to Tupelo searching for the inspira-
tion that will place them beyond the imitative and into the
echelons of true originality.


Nacural Places

The Duchy of Cotton contains many prehistoric sites,
including the Mound State Monument, with over 20 earth
mounds constructed by the predecessors of the Cherokees and
Creeks. In addition, the De Soto Caverns in northern Alabama
served as a sacred site for the Creek tribes, who believed that
these natural caves figured in the origins of their people. The
caverns now serve as a freehold for a group of Nunnehi. Russell
Cave, an enormous limestone cavern near Bridgeport, holds
evidence of some of the region's earliest civilizations. A satyr
archaeologist and her team of enchanted mortals are currently
examining Russell Cave for evidence of changeling habitation
before the Shattering.

In Magnolia's Home, the Bynum and Emerald mounds
attest to an early tribe's engineering skills. The 400+ mile
Natchez Trace Parkway from Nashville to Natchez traces
the oldest routes of the region's native peoples through some
of the most beautiful natural scenery of the South. While
open to the public, some of the areas just off the trail itself
are rumored to hold Nunnehi enclaves that have never been
discovered by Europeans. Another rumor tells of a dark dell
somewhere along the trail where a Lost One dwells, spin-
ning off nightmare dreams that afflict any Kithain who
travel through the region.

Enchanced Places

I dreamt that I dwelt in marble halls,
With vassals and serfs at my side.
— Alfred Bunn, "Bohemian Girl: Song"

Ferris Cascle

Thischimerical castle located in the Dreamingnear Mont-
gomery, Alabama, serves as the freehold for Duke Firedrake of
the Duchy of Cotton. Once a pre-Shattering holding of House
Fiona, the duke reopened the enchanted site upon being
granted his title. Styled in the manner of the ancient castles of
medieval Ireland, Ferris Castle steeps its portion of the Dream-
ing in the history of two worlds — the old world of the Celtic
sidhe and the "new" world of the aristocratic South.

Its most conspicuous resident, apart from its duke, is the
chimerical dragon Verminian. The castle serves as the rallying
point for many of the region's Unseelie changelings. Despite its
old-fashioned trappings, the duke's modernist tendencies and
love of chimerical creations have endowed the freehold with
several unusual architectural and decorative details.

CDagnotias Home

The entry to the private freehold of "Duchess" Igrania
stands within an enormous magnolia tree in Biloxi's Dreaming.
More like a faerie glen than anything else, the freehold consists
of a small clearing surrounded by a grove of magnolias (one of
which corresponds to the tree that serves as the site's real-world
anchor). In the center of the clearing stands a small cottage
surrounded by azaleas, camellias and honeysuckle vines. Here
the rival to Duke Firedrake's claim to Mississippi spends as

much time as she dares. Its connection to the Dreaming is
particularly strong, increasing the chance that a Kithain re-
maining here overnight will discover something about her
ancient past; so potent is the faerie magic of this small freehold,
however, that to stay longer than a day at a time involves
risking a descent into the early stages of Bedlam.

River Landing

Igrania's original freehold, this lovely antebellum man-
sion doubles as a palatial structure in the Dreaming near
Natchez. To the mortal world, the 200+ year-old house appears
worn and dilapidated, a prime candidate for either historic
restoration or the wrecker's ball — that is, if anyone could
remember its existence for long enough to do anything about
it. The house's protective magic dissuades non-Kithain from
paying attention to it for more than a few minutes at a time.

Igrania has graced its chimerical reality with her expert
and loving touch. It has blossomed under her care in the
Dreaming, and serves as a showcase for visiting Kithain and
local changelings — including several nanehi. The rooms are
light and airy, and all of them are filled with the delicate scent
of fresh flowers. Tall cypress trees draped in moss surround the
mansion, which fronts on a flowing chimerical river nearly the
width of the real-world's Father of Waters.

Boats crafted from the stuff of the Dreaming lie moored at the
pier that formsa private dock for the mansion; Igrania occasionally
takes her guests on short boat rides along this river of dreams,
though she does not dare stray out of sight of the freehold.

Pelicans Roost

This tiny freehold situated along Biloxi's beachfront looks
like a particularly run-down boathouse. While hardly larger
than its real world shell, it provides a place of refuge for
Perseverance Matthews, the evangelist pelican pooka. Persey
tries not to use his freehold too often as he doesn't want to call
attention to it.

Spiric Rock

Sacred to the Creek tribe and sometimes cited as the place
from which spirits came to create the copper-hued people, this
vast cavern system holds within it the Spirit Rock. A potent
source of wisdom and healing Medicine to generations of
Creeks and to their Nunnehi allies, the monolith has never
been viewed by outsiders.

"Discovered" in 1540, the caves are known to "the Euro-
pean invaders" as De Soto Caverns. Used as an Indian burial
site, as an equipment and gunpowder storage facility for Con-
federate soldiers and as a speakeasy called the Bloody Bucket
during Prohibition, the easily reached portions of the caverns
are well known even to non-natives of Alabama. The outer
caves now serve as a tourist attraction (including a display of
the burial site anda sound, light and water show featuring lasers
in the largest cavern, which rises over 12 stories high); outside,
campgrounds and picnic areas, a water-fight maze and gem-
stone mining provide entertainment for visitors to De Soto
Caverns Park.

Chapcer Two: Geography 55

SmrEN

"s


While the descendants of the despoilers frolic — within
sight of their sacred places — the inner reaches remain the
inviolate hidden home of a mixed tribe of yunwi tsundsi and
nanehi. Centered around the enormous onyx known as the
Spirit Rock, which forms a gemstone table within one of the
largest caverns, the community makes use of natural materials
in constructing their homes. Led by a council of elders, includ-
ing Izusa Whitestone, a noted onyx-worker, the faerie people
of Spirit Rock help lead the fight to close the burial ground to
public view. So far, they have failed in their efforts. Many
visitors to the area have noted missing wallets, shoestrings tied

OSS

£22

y

together and hair snarled in knots after touring the site, however.
The nanehi work even now to spread stories of the curse upon
those who come without reverence to a place of sacred worship.

The Nunnehi fashion amulets and jewelry from onyx
found within the caverns and incorporate the oddly shaped

stalagmitesand stalactites into their equally breathtaking dwell-

ings. Curving and spiraling, these dwellings may rise from the

cavern floor, graced with a carved staircase that a salong-
side and around a stalagmite, du
toa huge stalactite like Juliet's balcony to emerge inside an upper
room hollowed out of the same massive rock formation. Most are

lovingly crafted by the yunwi tsundsi to nanehi specifications.

£2

tached

aerie

S

2)
S

ing under a

LED)

Sweet CDagnolias Grove

Just outside
banks of the Mississ
the outer edge of the grove
corresponding Dreaming, similar to a freehold but impossible
to penetrate. The air that surrounds the magnolias has a heavy,
loninesneeGies tnilike die Readecelicaen ar hepiceemne
Patra ecestte Taeteatt iescon dincwermea tare prevelant
within it the sick redolence of rot and deca

stand of pink magnolias rises by the

Changelings who venture near
rofound alteration in the

This stand of trees, ironically labeled "Sweet Magnolia's
Grove" by the locals, contains the hidden freehold of
Ceridwyllia, a Lost One of House Eiluned. Driven mad by her
centuries-long isolation, Ceridwyllia has affected the land
surrounding her freehold with part of her i i

While the grove's palpable Glamour attracts changelings
to investigate, few dare remain in its vicinity for long. Kithain

who stay for more than a few minutes experience a mild but
disturbing sense of disorientation. Prolonged exposure leads to
se of impending danger.
enough to spend the night in the shelter of the

frightening hallucinations and the se:
Anyone fooli
trees enters the first stage of Bedlam upon awakening. Even

mortals with no faerie blood feel disinclined to stray too close
to this spot of dark enchantments.

Duchy of the Delica Crescenc

The Duchy of the Delta Crescent includes the entire state
of Louisiana, including her most colorful city, New Orl
This trans-Mississippi southern duchy sits just across the river
from Magnolia's Home on the east; to the west, the Sabine
River and Toledo Bend Reservoir form a border with the
Kingdom of the Burning Sun. The Duchy of the Ozarks (Ar-


kansas) lies along "the Crescent's" northern edge, while its
southern coast fronts on the Gulf of Mexico and provides the
setting for the Mississippi River's grand plunge into the sea.
Boastinga rich French heritage in addition to later Spanish and
English influences, the Crescent's changelings form some of
the most culturally diverse members of the Kingdom of Willows.

Physical Geography

While most Kithain think of "bayou country" in connec-
tion with the Duchy of the Delta Crescent, the landscape of
this southern duchy contains considerable diversity. To the
north, near Nachitoches, lie great stands of pines and loblolly.
Small groups of Nunnehi remain within this forested region.
The duchy's center consists of fertile farmlands watered by the
Cane River, ideal for the plantation society that evolved there
before the Civil War. Many sidhe and a few trolls claim
freeholds in this part of the Crescent. In the South, however,
the bayou reigns supreme — great marshlands drenched in a
multitude of lakes and trans-sected by the Inter-coastal Water-
way. The many hidden places of bayou country hold secret
sluagh freeholds along with Nunnehi enclaves.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks
New Orleans

The sultry presence of the bayou vies with the wild
decadence of New Orleans to cause a chaotic jumble of poten-
tially conflicting dreams. Supernaturals ofall kinds have flocked
here, some drawn by the allure of voodoo, others by the
mystique of life in the Big Easy. For many changelings, the
omnipresence of "all that damn wrought iron!!!" makes living
in certain parts of the city difficult, and gives rise to the
conviction that New Orleans serves as a headquarters for a
particularly active group of Dauntain. Rumors also abound that
New Orleans is in the control of the Shadow Court.

The most heavily visited section of the city is the French
Quarter, steeped in the atmosphere of its Creole culture.
Notable places in this romantic, historic district include Lafitte's
Blacksmith Shop (now a local bar and a favorite hangout for
redcaps, trolls and nockers), the Voodoo Museum (patronized
by many of the city's eshu and sluagh), and the Musée Conti
Wax Museum (a center for the city's Unseelie sidhe). Pooka
flock to the Audubon Park and Zoo, while many sidhe and
satyrs enjoy the beauty of the grand mansions of the Garden
District. A clique of changeling culinary artists hold dinner
meetings in the city's famous restaurants — among them, K-
Paul's (Chef Paul Prudhomme) Louisiana Kitchen. Music enthu-
siasts among the Kithain frequent Pete Fountain's Club (in the
Hilton Hotel) and Preservation Hall (a haven for traditional jazz).

Acadiana

Settled by French refugees expelled from British Canada
in the 17th century, the land that encompasses the vast
stretches of bayou country supports one of the most unusual
cultural enclaves in the United States. The Cajuns have a
distinctive cuisine (blackened meat and eye-watering spices),

SSS

music (heavy on the accordions and washboards) and philoso-
phy ("Live for the moment, and enjoy it while you can."). The
Kithain of Acadiana mirror this "good-times" attitude in their
easy-come easy-go approach to gathering Glamour. This re-
gion includes the towns of New Ibera (on the edge of the Bayou
Teche), St. Martinwille (immortalized in Longfellow's
Evangeline) and Breaux Bridge, famous for its annual Crawfish
Festival.

Bacon Rouge

Northwest of New Orleans, the state capital sits in the
middle of plantation country and is the site for several grand
freeholds based around antebellum mansions. The Louisiana
Arts and Science Center Riverside Museum serves as a cultural
gathering place for Baton Rouge's Kithain.

Nacural Places

Jean Lafitte National Historical Park covers 8,000 acres
of what was once known as Barataria, the bayou home base
for the infamous French pirate and smuggler for whom the
park is named. Avery Island, near New Iberia, contains the
tropical Jungle Garden and Bird City, which protects a large
population of white egrets and a number of pooka and satyrs
who take advantage of the area's protected status to con-
struct freeholds and occupy enchanted glens away from
prying eyes. Other wilderness refuges and sites of natural,
largely unspoiled beauty include the Creole Nature Trail,
the Sabine Wildlife Refuge and the Rockefeller Wildlife
Refuge. Because the Crescent's duchess makes her home in
Barataria, endorsing wildlife refuge areas — and the fund-
raising parties and arts-and-craft shows held for those chari-
ties — has become something of a cause célébre among the
region's changeling population. Interestingly, most who
support the efforts are of the Unseelie Court. If rumors that
the duchess guarantees large contributors the chance to
meet Black Spiral Dancer Garou are true, then the Unseelie's
interest is understandable.

Enchanced Places

Nor has the world a better thing,

Though one should search it round,

Than thus to live one's own sole king,

Upon one's own sole ground.

— Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, "The Old Squire"

Spiric Hall

Deep in the swamps of Barataria to the south of New
Orleans, Lisette Levay discovered and claimed an aban-
doned freehold. Bounded to the north by the stump of an old
twisted cypress tree where Lisette tells fortunes, the unset-
tling lodge spreads to a cattail-strewn lake in the south.
Solid mounds of earth intermix with morass as the freehold's
lawn, a natural defense from those who are unfamiliar with
the area. The lodge itself is a treehouse that rests within the
branches of a huge banyan tree, transported from a more

Chapcer Two: Geography 57

Ex]

3
ne,

exotic clime and seeded in the fertile swampland. Dripping
with Spanish moss and vines and covered with black swamp
mud, the house is hardly visible among the branches.

(SS

f2

Spooky and unsettling, the freehold reeks of tainted
Glamour as though it recalls old murders and horrid tortures
performed within. Many changelings feel distinctly uncom-

SG
S,

fortable near the freehold; few understand how Lisette can
bear to sleep there. The Voodoo Queen of New Orleans,
recognizing this, instead throws lavish parties atop a grassy
area within the bounds of her freehold, but not inside the
actual structure. Wild music, liquor and drugs all dispel the
gloom while the party goes on.

Constructed by Unseelie who committed terrible crimes
before the Shattering, the site originally served as a hideout.
Captive Seelie were sometimes brought to the lodge and
tortured before being given to swamp creatures to devour.
The freehold still remembers, and Lisette drinks in the
psychic residue left as tainted Glamour.

The CDississippi Pearl, New Orleans

This refurbished showboat holds within it one of the
few movable freeholds in the world. A central cabin located
at the heart of the ship, flanked by two others, holds within
it a small balefire. The three cabins and the walkway be-
tween them form the extent of the freehold. Neither Quillan

LAR PS OOO OL

nor Pearl understand the workings of their chimerical cab-
ins; they just accept their good fortune and bless whoever
created the ship.

The central cabin isa large living area similar to a lobby
and game room. Comfortable seating is interspersed with
card tables, a billiards table and a reading area. A small stage
occupies one corner. The other two cabins are sumptuously
decorated bedrooms with large four-posters draped in vel-
vet. The whole area looks very much like the master cabin
area of a well-to-do riverboat gambler or captain from the
age of the paddle wheelers. All the rooms have small port-
holes that offer views of the mighty Mississippi.

Only Kithain see the hallway leading to the freehold;
others passing through see only an ornate full-length mirror
within a scrolled gold frame hung at the end of the passageway.
Pearl believes that the freehold remains in existence due to the
romantic Glamour inspired by the age of the old paddle wheelers.

Duchy of Fatmecco

Centered in the port city of Charleston, the Duchy of
Palmetto encompasses all of South Carolina, a state torn between.
the desire to keep up with the New South and the compul-
sion to preserve the nostalgia of the past. While many
people continue to lump South Carolina together with its


sister state in the catchall phrase "the Carolinas," the Pal-
metto State strives to assert its own identity. Its increasing
attractiveness to industry and its thriving tourist industry
(particularly along its excellent beaches) have attracted
interest from ambitious changelings throughout the King-
dom of Willows. Many nobles in Meilge's court consider the
duchy's ruler a black sheep of the changeling fold. Several
would like to supplant him and gain the rich duchy for
themselves.

Physical Geography

The Duchy of Palmetto is bordered on the north by the
Duchy of the Triangle and the easternmost portion of the
Duchy of Appalachia. On its western and southern faces it
abuts Willow's Heart, the Duchy of Vellumton and the eastern
edge of the Echota Council Lands. To the east lies the Atlantic
Ocean, and at its southeastern edge is the eshu-identified
holding of the Gullah Free State. Its northern and western
regions (referred to as the Upstate) lie within the Piedmont
(literally "foothills") and Appalachian regions, and can lay
claim to breathtaking mountain vistas as well as rolling hills
and fertile fields. The central and southern part of the state,
called the Low Country, extends from Charleston to the
interior and consists of farmlands and horse country. The
Grand Strand of beaches that comprise Palmetto's coast pro-
vide recreational environments for locals and tourists alike.

QDajor Cicies and Landmarks

I'ma history nut and in South Carolina you can stir it with a
stick. The Civil War started here, and the American Revolution
nearly ended here.

— William Schemmel

Charleston

Palmetto's oldest city and one of the South's most impor-
tant ports, Charleston attracts many Kithain of the old guard,
who support the sidhe aristocracy. These elitists gather around
centers of culture such as the Charleston Museum, which dates
from 1773; the College of Charleston; the Gibbes Museum of
Artand the Dock Street Theatre. A number of trolls and House
Gwydion sidhe patronize the American Military Museum and
the Old Exchange Building and Provost Dungeon, used by the
British to incarcerate prisoners during the Revolutionary War.
The Fort Sumter National Monument, which commemorates
the firing of the first shots of the Civil War, serves as a rallying
place for Kithain in favor of secession from Concordia.

Columbia

The capital of South Carolina since 1786, Columbia lies
in the central part of the duchy and is surrounded by forests of
hardwoods and palmetto firs, marshlands and fertile farmlands.
The city's pooka and other changeling nature enthusiasts
congregate in the Riverbanks Zoological Park and Botanical
Gardens. A thriving community of nockers makes its home in
Columbia's commercial and industrial center.

Greenville-Sparcanodurg-Anderson

This tri-city region of the Palmetto Upstate enjoys a
reputation as a gracious vacation and resort area for tourists
who come to stay in the Blue Ridge Mountains of the Appala-
chian region. Resident Kithain appreciate its natural beauty
and work hard to ensure that metropolitan development doesn't
curtail its scenic attractions. A larger number of boggans and
trolls reside in the Appalachian foothills of the area, many of
them practitioners of various "mountain" crafts.

CDyrcle Beach and che Islands

Myrtle Beach contains a wealth of family-oriented recre-
ational spots, including the Myrtle Beach Pavilion Amuse-
ment Park and the National Wax Museum, as well as a number
of water-based theme parks and miniature golf courses. Change-
ling wilders flock to the beaches during the tourist season to
take advantage of the rampant Glamour that surrounds the
vacationing mortals. Older changelings sometimes sense the
taint beneath this Glamour, as the Banality associated with all
tourist traps sometimes reaches epidemic proportions in parts
of the city. Off South Carolina's southern tip lies a string of
islands that includes Hilton Head, St. Helena, Edisto and
Parris Island (home of the Marine Corps training grounds).
Some of these islands contain luxurious freeholds for the
duchy's most prominent changelings. Many of these are toler-
ated (with barely concealed amusement) by the eshu separat-
ists who claim the islands as the Gullah Free State.

Nacural Places

The Duchy of Palmetto contains a wealth of national
forests and wilderness preserves, including Devil's Fork State
Park, the Chattooga National Wild, the Hitchcock Woods
(near Aiken), and Hunting Island State Park. These wild
places are home to some Nunnehi freeholds and a noted satyr
enclave dedicated to restoring the old Grecian rites — espe-
cially the drama competition and dances.

Enchanced Places

What strong, mysterious links enchain the heart
To regions where the morn of life was spent.

—James Grahame, The Sabbath

Palmecco Cour,
Charleston, Souch Carolina

A stately manse of pink-veined marble imported from
overseas provides the shell for the more whimsical freehold
that overlays it. Constructed to resemble the onion-shaped
domes and carved arches of a sultan's palace, the crystalline
walls of the structure reflect the colors of the flowers in the
surrounding gardens. Inside, cool tile floors and colorful walls
surround a central fountain. Tiny bronze bells affixed to slender
rods rise from various places within the fountain's bowl. Drop-
lets of the cascading water strike the bells at random, creating
a chiming, relaxing ever-changing melody. Golden sconces
hold colored globes of light.

Chapcer Two: Geography

‘A

SS


Beyond arched double doors lies an elegant throne
room with a long oriental carpet leading to a dais on which
is set a pair of carved wooden chairs set with gems. Duke
Antoan holds court here, occasionally accompanied by the
former duchess. Around the room colorful and comfortable
pillows are strewn about waiting for guests to loll on them.
A few couches reminiscent of day beds are scattered around
the room for those who feel uncomfortable lazing on the
floor. Beaded curtains part to reveal carpeted halls leading
to beautifully appointed bedrooms. When in residence, the
duke and former duchess share an apartment-sized bedroom
that features a small goldfish pond and a living tree that
grows through the roof.

The Home Place,
Beauforc, Souch Carolina

Set back from a stretch of highway where many Gullah
sell traditional craft items rest:
stone buildings. Remnants of
part of the display of an old plantation, One is open for
viewing. The cabin farthest from the model is actually a
freehold, serving as a meeting area for the Kithain of the
region. Consisting of a wood-floored central room with an
open loft above, it is furnished with little more than a
fireplace, a bucket for water, a few cooking utensils and
plates, an old plank table and a few rocking chairs. A ladder
provides access to the loft, which holds an herb-stuffed
mattress and blankets. The Home Place, as the Gullah call
it, is the "Dreaming home" of Cientilla, the elderly eshu
acknowledged as leader of the Gullah changelings. When-
ever Cientilla visits, all Kithain for miles around gather at
the Home Place to hear her tales and to touch the dreams of
the oldest changeling they know.

Angel Oak

At 1,500 years old with a 25 1/2-foot circumference and
a 151-foot span of branches, Angel Oak is among the oldest
and largest oak trees in Concordia. Beautiful and strong, the
tree's green branches stretch upward toward the sky and

ries of small wood-and-

ave quarters, most serve as

spread outward over emerald grasses and its own knobby
roots. Located on Johns Island near Charleston, South
Carolina, the tree often serv:

as a shady refuge for picnick-
ers. No one carves initials into its bark or leaves trash within
its spread; somehow those who approach the tree feel the
respect due it and act accordingly.

Kithain who come close to the tree realize it holds
within it a great repository of Glamour — almost as if the
oak itself were a freehold. It is a faerie residence, though not
a freehold. The oak is the anchor point for anymph. Known
as the Lady of the Island, she sometimes acts as an advisor to

those changelings who request her aid. Services she asks in
return vary from caring for other groves of trees to keeping
intruders away from particularly sensitive wetlands to tell-
‘ories she has never heard. Rumors abound that the
as once the beloved of a faerie king.

ing her

Lady

\

Duchy of che Triangle

The Duchy of the Triangle includes all of the eastern and
central parts of North Carolina (i.e., all but the mountains).
Held by one of King Meilge's most trusted supporters, this
"nockers' paradise" includes the fast-growing Research Tri-
angle, a center for business, industry, medicine, computers and
research,,as well as the Piedmont region and the coastal plain
with its scenic Outer Banks.

Physical Geography

Three duchies and an ocean surround the Triangle. To
the north lies the Duchy of Dogwood (Virginia); the Duchy
of Appalachia forms the Triangle's western border, while
the Duchy of Palmetto lines its southern boundary. To the
east stretches the Atlantic coastline. The Duchy of the
Triangle begins just east of the Blue Ridge Mountains, in the
hilly Piedmont region of the Appalachian foothills. It ex-
tends eastward across broad central plains, composed of
farmlands, red-clay soil and pine forests. The beaches along
the Cape Fear Coast retain a less-commercial atmosphere
than the tamer beaches of Palmetto, while the Outer Banks
provide some of the most beautiful oceanfront land in
eastern Concordia.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks

The art of invention grows young with the things invented.
— Francis Bacon

Charlocce

The largest city in the Triangle, Charlotte combines a
history that dates back to the pre-Revolutionary War era with
a modernistic outlook that embraces new industries and in-
creasing urbanization. This dichotomy accounts for the fre-
quent culture clashes that occur among the region's Kithain.
Changeling traditionalists and romantics claim the Fourth
Ward, the city's historic district, as their own. Techno-change-
lings exert territorial rights over Discovery Place's science
museum and planetarium and Energy Explorium (owned by
Duke Power). Redcaps, nockers and a few troll racing enthusi-
asts monopolize the N.C. Transportation Museum, backing up
Classics Memory Lane Motor Car Museum. Sports and auto
racing occupy a major place among the city's Kithain; the
Charlotte Motor Speedway hosts regular NASCAR events and
includes off-season chimerical stock-car racing. In addition,
the four professional teams that make their home in Charlotte
have a fanatical following among changeling jocks and sports

fans.

Research ‘Triangle
(Rateigh/ Durham/ Chapel Hit)

This trio of cities hosts a number of major public
corporations and privately funded research facilities and
attracts many Kithain with scientific or commercial inter-

AY: GaN

ests. The state capital in Raleigh, home of North Carolina
State University, isa locus for academically oriented Kithain
who take advantage of the city's museums of natural science,
history and art. The intense rivalry between the changeling
population of Durham (which includes Duke University)
and Chapel Hill (home to UNC) occasionally erupts in
spontaneous Glamour wars in which Kithain from one city
invade and Ravage the Dreamers of the other city. Research
Triangle Park conducts award-winning scientific and tech-
nological research in subjects ranging from medicine to
computers. The atmosphere of scientific discovery and in-
novation attracts hordes of nockers to the service of the
Triangle's techno-friendly Prince Murdoch.

Winscon-Salem

Home of the tobacco industry (and the headquarters for
the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company), Winston-Salem also
contains textile mills and furniture factories. The city thus
contains a large community of Kithain entrepreneurs and
working-class changeling commoners. In addition, some of the
Triangle's most artistically creative Kithain reside here, bask-
ing in the presence of noted authors such as Maya Angelou and
the yearly crop of young Dreamers who attend the North
Carolina School of the Arts. Dark rumors of an Unseelie group
of Ravagers who prey upon the city's talented student popula-
tion have led to the establishment of a private troll army
dedicated to protecting gifted mortals.

Cape Fear Coast and the Oucer Banks

The port city of Wilmington on the Triangle's southern
tip offers the Wilmington Railroad Museum (another center
for nocker rallies), the Temple of Israel (the state's first
Jewish temple), the Cape Fear Museum and the USS North
Carolina Battleship Memorial. Further north along the
coast, the barrier of islands known as the Outer Banks
attracts tourists and year-round residents, including many
pooka, boggans and wandering eshu. These islands include
Cape Hattaras, Kitty Hawk (home of the Wright Brothers'
early experiments in aviation), Nag's Head and Roanoke
Island (site of the doomed Lost Colony). A recent challenge
for Kithain not afraid of a dare is the midnight chimerical
flight (using everything from flying carpets to Glamour-
enriched hang gliders) near Kitty Hawk, held once a year by
invitation only.

Nacural Places

The National Seashores of the Outer Banks consist of 120
miles of beach preserves designated as wilderness areas with
limited access to tourists — but not to changelings who
gleefully utilize trods to reach the area's two enchanted glens
for special storytelling sessions. The interior regions of the state
include natural wilderness areas such as the Uwharrie Moun-
tains (near Charlotte), the William B. Umstead State Park in
the Raleigh area and Durham's Eno River State Park (available
for whitewater rafting — a favorite among trolls).

Chapzer Two: Geography

nchanced Places
Let me but do my work from day to day,
in field or forest, at the desk or loom,

in roaring market-place or tranquil room;
— Henry van Dyke, "Work"

is

Trinicy CDanor

Home to Prince Murdoch of House Dougal, Trinity
Manor rests within a well-kept stone-fenced lawn on a quiet
back street in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. The house itself
is unremarkable to mortal sight; to Kithain, the freehold
looks much like the painted outer shell of an amusement
park ride — perhaps for bumper cars — with depictions of
stock car racing and a cheering crowd. On the lawn are
numerous metal sculptures of various inventions, the wheel
(with lights on each spoke), a bobbing miniature oil derrick
(painted a luminescent orange) and several dozen smaller
pieces that turn with the winds or move when water flows
across them.

Inside, there is a stone hall with several comfortable
pieces of furniture set around a central glass table. Murdoch
often has plans for one machine or invention or another laid
out on the table. The area serves as the duke's audience hall,
though it is more frequently used for all-night planning
sessions working on the motor of Murdoch's and Langolier's
stock car. Both Langolier and Murdoch have bedrooms in
the manor, and a few larger chambers are kept ready for
guests. Recently, the largest (and now most feminine) one
has been occupied by a lovely satyr lass named Cissy. Beyond
the stone hall is a ballroom that the duke never had use for
— until now. Since meeting Cissy, he has refurbished the
room in a bright green tartan and gold leaf (her favorites),
and plans to hold a ball there soon.

Duchy of Appalachia

Created by King Meilge as a means of controlling the
stubborn and intransigent commoners who proliferate through-
out the region, the Duchy of Appalachia consists of western
North Carolina, eastern Tennessee and southeastern Ken-
tucky. This is mountain country, with only a few sidhe and
many commoners. In general, the Kithain of the region are a
rebellious crowd, although a few loyalists (aristocrats) do reside
therein.

Physical Geography

The Blue Ridge, Cumberland and Great Smoky Moun-
tains make this three-state region a spectacle unto itself.
The mountains both separate the lands within their pur-
views from the flatlands of the adjoining duchies and unite
the inhabitants of the region with one another. The area's
climate is that of a temperate rain forest, housing many
species of plant and animal life not typically found so far
south. The panoramic vistas of endless ranges of mountains

62 Kingdom of Willows

BURP

colored bluish gray against the sky gives this region a time-
less, enchanted feel — even apart from its appearance in the
Dreaming.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks

One of the first questions a stranger is asked in the mountains
is, "Where you from?" We are oriented around places. We never
forget our native places, and we go back as often as possible.

— Loyal Jones, "Appalachian Values"

The Cascern Region
(Wescern Norch Carolina)

Asheville, in the heart of the Blue Ridge Mountains, is
the major city in the western part of the state and serves as
the home for a sizable community of Kithain crafters and
artisans. While many changelings from all over Concordia
come to pay homage to "native sons" Thomas Wolfe and O.
Henry, others — particularly the sidhe — visit the city to see
the magnificent Biltmore House, a castlelike structure mod-
eled after a French Renaissance chateau and rumored to
contain numerous faerie treasures among its priceless fur-
nishings and adornments. Near Hendersonville, the Flat
Rock Playhouse offers professional summer theater, attract-
ing tragos of satyrs and other changeling actors. On the
border between North Carolina and Tennessee, the Chero-
kee Indian Reservation serves as the home for the remaining
Eastern Band of the Cherokee Nation, many of whom are
kinain of the local Nunnehi population.

The Weszern Region (Eascern Tennessee)

Just west of the Smoky Mountains, Knoxville hosts the
headquarters of the Tennessee Valley Authority. The city's
development into a rapidly growing center for culture has made
ita haven for changelings seeking the stimulation of urban life.
Nearby, Oak Ridge contains the Oak Ridge National Labora-
tory, Graphite Reactor and the American Museum of Science
and Energy. While local nockers appreciate the technological
achievement of the region, more sinister changelings absorb
the dark Glamour associated with the development of the
atomic bomb. Rumors of a twisted freehold near Oak Ridge
have filtered to the Duchess of Appalachia. Chattanooga, in
the southeastern corner of Tennessee, attracts changelings
preoccupied with the military history of the Civil War. The
Battles for Chattanooga Museum is a favorite gathering places
for these contingents of trolls, redcaps and Scathach sidhe.

Southeastern Kencucky

Berea, Kentucky, is the home of Berea College and the
Appalachian Museum. Many changelings refer to it as
"boggan country," although all kith make their homes in
this center of folk arts and culture. Renfro Valley houses one
of the oldest country music centers in the state, attracting
many changeling bards and minstrels to its numerous music
festivals. This is also the site of some of the South's poorest
people; the ravages of strip mining and the coal industry


have left whole portions of this region economically de-
pressed and physically ravaged. Many changelings exhaust
themselves trying to keep alive the hopes and dreams of the
mortal population of much of this area.

Nacural Places

The Appalachian Mountains contain numerous national
parks and forests, including the Great Smoky Mountains Na-
tional Park, Grandfather Mountain International Biosphere,
the Cumberland Gap National Historical Park, the Pisgah and
Cherokee National Forests and the Daniel Boone National
Forest. Containing some of the largest preserves of virgin forest
in Concordia, these wilderness areas contain several Nunnehi
freeholds. A research team consisting of a historian from House
Liam, several eshu and a pooka guide have begun the system-
atic exploration of these wild lands, seeking the truth behind
the persistent rumors of glens where Lost Ones still survive and
groves that host whole families of nymphs.

Enchanced Places

A castle girt about and bound
With sorrow, like a spell.
— Swinburne, The Tale of Balen

Orchard Cascle

What mortals see as an old shack built beneath a silver
birch tree in a small glade near Jonesborough, Tennessee, is far
yes. Orchard C:
a, Duchess Diar

different to Kithain tle se home to the

ruler of Appalac! and her faithful troll

guardian, Count Bjorno. The glade is a small green paradise

dotted with apple and cherry trees. The shack is a tiny gray
marble palace (looking more like a li

castle) with miniature

ze dollhouse than a

ate turrets. Banners with represen-

tations of the Fiona silver lion on a crimson background fly

from the peaked central tower. Two reclining silver lions —
animate chimera — guard the red-oak door.

Inside, there is just enough space for a comfortable sitting
room — complete with a fireplace holding the freehold's
balefire — and three smaller rooms. Two serve as Dianan's and
Bjorno's respective bedrooms, while the third is a
housing Dianan's ducal treasures. Whenever the duchess holds
court, tables, pillows and blankets are set out in the glade.
Dances take place beneath the trees, which are lit with chi-

merical globes of light for the occasion.

Coal Toun: A Commoner Enclave

Nestled ina hidden hollow in the mountains near Harlan,
Kentucky, Coal Town isa thorpe or faerie town originally built

Chapzer Two: Geography

a
BY

Sty

TS

aS

zak

TSS

A


by nockers. The glade that houses Coal Town is anchored by a
sacred stone, a large chunk of coal that lies unnoticed among
a great many similar pieces in a coal bin alongside Hollis
Burnette's house. Nockers, boggans and eshu comprise the
greatest number of residents, though the faerie thorpe has its
share of redcaps, pooka, sluagh and satyrs as well. Two trolls
serve as the town militia.

The Coal Town Handicraft Cooperative allows the resi-
dents of the town to support themselves without the need for
outside jobs. Faerie crafters create statuettes made of coal,
finely made quilts, decorated brooms, baskets and furniture,
which they sell at craft shows and in local stores. Most of the
cottages in the glade are constructed from local rock and wood
then enchanted as their residents see fit. While mortals see
only a small (and relatively poor) mountain enclave, the
Kithain are treated to everything from snug European style
chalets to palaces carved from ice to jeweled castles to cottages
seemingly made of cookies and candy.

Twisced Oak

Originally a graceful, colonnaded manse ona green hill
near Oak Ridge, Tennessee, Twisted Oak gained its current
name when it was claimed by Gadiel of House Balor. Appre-
ciating the symbolism of the gnarled oak tree that guards the
entrance to the freehold, the Unseelie lord determined to
twist the entire freehold to his dark visions. While Twisted
Oak still looks much like a ruined mansion overgrown by
weeds and creepers to mortal eyes, to the fae it has a much
darker aspect.

To changeling senses, Twisted Oak is hardly distin-
guishable from the tree itself. While it is indeed covered in
kudzu, the black-red color of the foliage suggests both rot
and blood. Beneath a low hanging branch sits the door.
Inside, the freehold has changed as well. Once it appeared
light and airy and was furnished with antiques. The rooms
that are open to most Kithain seem normal, albeit dimly lit.
In areas only open to Gadiel's inner circle, however, dark,
twisted furniture rests atop strangely patterned carpets de-
picting odd landscapes along silver pathways. One such
carpet, kept in a hidden room is actually the beginning of a
trod. The walls play host to swirling tapestries capable of
inducing terrible nightmares in those who contemplate
them too long. The basement has a dirt floor and holds the
graves of childlings who displeased Gadiel. In all, the heart
of the freehold reflects the madness of its Unseelie master.

ay

EX
ay.

ES

CY

S)

Court of Balsam

Sometimes called the House of the Black Dome and other
times known as the Court of Balsam, the freehold that lies
within an abandoned campsite near the top of Mount Mitchell
in North Carolina serves as the ducal court of Countess
Toireasa. The mountain court, hidden on the edges of the
camp, resembles a rustic hunting lodge. Constructed of inter-
locking pieces of varied wood, both the inside and outside
evince patterns like fine parquet woodwork. Finely stitched rag
Tugs perpetuate the theme, as do the rattan and hand-carved

64 Kingdom of Witlows

eS

wood furniture. Many of the countess' own paintings of the
beautiful mountain scenery adorn the walls.

The rest of the decor displays many Native American arts
and crafts — gifts from Toireasa's allies, the Nunnehi. A
freehold noted for its hospitality, the House of the Black Dome,
though it appears rustic, holds within it what may be one of the
most complete libraries of Nunnehi knowledge available to
changelings.

The High Caszle

Atop High Castle Mountain, an aerie near London, Ken-
tucky, lies a gray boulder, the entryway to an ancient fortress of
House Fiona. Cloaked by enchantment, the freehold lies under
the mountain; with walls seemingly made of coal that glitters
like black diamonds and lit by faerie lanterns — swirling globes
of color— High Castle is formed around four grand halls. From
these, lesser hallways lead off to bedrooms, workrooms, a still
room, potter's shed and even an underground chimerical gar-
den. Treasures ranging from furnishings to jewelry are scattered
throughout the freehold, surviving from before the Shattering.

Only Kithain are able to see the outer manifestations of
the ruined faerie fort that rest atop High Castle Mountain.
Only remnants now remain of once-majestic crystalline towers
and arches that reflect the light of sun and moon. Constructed
by the Fiona lord Tamlin, the freehold that closed with the
Shattering reopened when needed by another Fiona noble as
she and her lover fled for their lives. It now serves as home to
a mixed motley of commoners and outcast nobles. For more
information on High Castle, see Freeholds and Hidden Glens.

Chimney Tops

The sharp, craggy knobs known as the Chimney Tops,
twin peaks that thrust upward within the Great Smoky Moun-
tains National Park, once served as a meeting place between

&
The Dancing Ground

Near the freehold of High Castle lies an en-
chanted glen. Once used as a Nunnehi dancing
ground and meeting place between the native fae and
a Fiona lord's household, it is now a pocket of Glam-
our where the Lost One known as Lord Tamlin
resides. Formed by a ring of oaks and yellow birches,
the grassy, treeless area (called a mountain bald) is
cloaked in a curtain of Glamour. Those who have
faerie sight can see the profusion of flame-azaleas and
red trilliums within the circle and the blackened oak
doorway that once led to Arcadia. On nights of the
full moon, even more is visible: a hazy figure rises in
the center of the dancing ground and, fiddle in hand,
plays melodies that waft ethereally on the mountain
winds.


Cherokee shamans and their Nunnehi spirit-cousins. Both
sides would come together to share stories and medicine lore
among the weathered rocks that have existed for 500 million
years or more.

Still used by the Nunnehi, the site is now a popular hiking
destination, forcing the Native American fae to restrict their
appearances on the site. Access to their homes is through a
crevice that at first appears impossible to traverse — even for
expert climbers. Within the crevice, which is hidden by Glam-
our from pryingeyes, Chief Crying Tears and his tribe of nanchi
and yunwi tsundsi have constructed homes. Appearing to
casual inspection as mere holes (like shallow caves), each
home within the Chimney Tops is actually a comfortable
burrow carved from rust-colored Thunderhead Sandstone and
veined with golden pyrite (fool's gold). The walls are usually
polished, giving them a marblelike appearance. The Nunnehi
make bedding and cushions from savory smelling plants and
mosses that are stuffed inside woven cloth. Tunnels just high

enough to accommodate the fae have been carved within the
ks, leading from one home to the next and all leading to a

rn where the fae meet, sing, dance, tell stories and
hold council.

The Nunnehi of Chimney Tops, known to many as the
Walkers on the Mountain, have alliances with certain local
Garou. Crying Tears advocates peaceful co-existence with

non-native fae as well, hoping this will preserve his people and
their ancient home.

(hice Foam

Hidden alongside a riverbank deep within the Big South
Fork National River and Rec
amai'yine'hi village of White Foam. Brought into e:

ation Area lies the yunwi

soon after the Shattering, the village has only rarely been
visited by non-native mortals or changelings — mostly:due to
its remoteness. The Big South Fork area covers 10,000 acres of
wild, rugged wilderness area in the Cumberland Mountains.
The land itself is untamed, with dense woodlands, rocky
gorges, and deep ravines providing the framework for swift

mountain streams, rushing rivers, leaf-strewn rock-lined ponds

and cascading waterfalls. While ing and white water
the rivers lie far removed

from paved roads. Trails into Big South For!

rafting are possible within the are
re

essible only
on foot or by horseback. Four-wheel-drive vehicles can reach
a, but any approaching White Foam inexplicably
suffer dire fates (all four tires shredded, buckerfuls of dirt
somehow added to the coolant or e

part of the

en disappearing altogether
while their owners explore the woods).

and southern Ken-
tucky, Big South Fork nominally falls within the governance of
the Duchy of Appalachia. No changelings of European stock

Spread through northern Tennesse


have ever asserted their rights here and survived the expe-
tience. While the yunwi amai'yine'hi enjoy seeing those
people who have respect for their rivers, those who are too
noisy or leave garbage or unnecessarily destroy foliage or
build fires that are too large are targets for the faeries' wrath.
Led by master pranksters such as Leaping Waters, the native
fae may tip over visitors' boats or string together all the
interlopers' food and drag it through the water. Tents and
clothes get "wettings." Asa last resort, the yunwi amai'yine'hi
may grab particularly obnoxious campers from below while
they are trying to swim or bathe and half-drown them.

White Foam itself looks more like a series of dome-
shaped beaver dams along the riverbank than a native
village. Constructed of intertwined sticks covered with
reeds and mud, the dwellings are surprisingly roomy inside
so long as no one wishes to stand fully erect. The fae keep
any valuables they have — a few pieces of pottery, clothing
and a trinket or two made from river stones — within their
abodes. The communal treasure, such as it is, is kept within
a waterproof sack tied to stones at the bottom of the river.
Such treasures may include jewelry and other pretty-shinies
lost by campers near the faerie village or while white water
rafting.

Duchy of Blue Grasses

The Duchy of Blue Grasses comprises all of Kentucky
except for the mountainous southeastern region incorporated
into the Duchy of Appalachia. The nobles and many of the
commoners hobnob with the "horsy" set; some raise their own
faerie horses and hounds, holding their hunts and races in
freeholds. The majority of commoners, however, eke out a
hardscrabble existence on the dreams of the rural and working-
class poor.

Physical Geography

Two major and one minor river frame the Duchy of Blue
Grasses on three sides. The Ohio River forms the duchy's north
and northeastern borders, while the Mississippi sweeps past its
westernmost edge. To the east, the Big Sandy River marks the
boundary between Blue Grasses and the disputed Duchy of
Winterthorn (West Virginia), while in the southeast, the
Cumberland and Allegheny Mountains form the border of the
Duchy of Appalachia. South of Blue Grasses lies the Duchy of
Graceland (western Tennessee).

While the eastern part of the state is famous as coal
country, the central and western regions of Blue Grasses
contain fertile farmland and pasturage, making it ideal for
raising horses and other livestock, as well as cash crops like
tobacco.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks

Nature was here a series of wonders and a fund of delight.
— Daniel Boone

Kingdom of Willows

Louisville

The home of the Kentucky Derby, Louisville lies along the
Ohio River, just across from the Kingdom of Grass. Louisville
serves as the commercial and industrial center of the Duchy of
Blue Grasses. Founded by George Rogers Clark (the brother of
William Clark of the Lewis and Clark expedition), the city
contains numerous historic sites, including Old Louisville and
the Butchertown Historic District (home to a long-standing
German community and many nockers and trolls). Changeling
society's "horsy" set hosts an annual gathering at Churchill
Downs, while the Old Town Sluggers (a group of Kithain
baseball enthusiasts) hold regular meetings at the Louisville
Slugger Company, the most famous manufacturer of baseball
bats headquartered in downtown Louisville.

Lexingcon and Surroundings

The largest city in the central region of Blue Gra
Lexington lies just beyond the foothills of the Cumberlands in
the midst of rich, grassy pastureland and farmland. The city
contains many splendid examples of 19th century houses,
including the homes of Mary Todd Lincoln and Henry Clay. A
number of these houses serve as freeholds for the city's change-
ling nobility. Thoroughbred Park, a favorite center of pooka
activity, commemorates the elegant horses for which the state
is famous.

Much of the land surrounding Lexington is devoted to the
business of horse breeding. Numerous stud farms, several of
them owned by the region's Kithain, produce new crops of colts
and fillies — including faerie steeds — each year to bolster the
sport of horse racing. Near Lexington, the Kentucky Horse
Park, which includes the Hall of Champions, the International
Museum of the Horse and the grave of Man O' War (the world's
most famous Thoroughbred), provides a memorial to the "sport
of kings." The steam-driven Kentucky Central Railway — a
favorite with the region's nockers and trolls and frequented by
a few of the sidhe — operates in the summer between Paris and
Maysville, Kentucky.

Between Lexington and Louisville, the state capital of
Frankfort contains the Kentucky Military History Museum and
the Frankfort Cemetery, which contains the graves of Daniel
and Rebecca Boone. Troll and redcap childlings sometimes
stage mock warfare using the museum's displays as inspiration for
creating chimerical battles.

UWescern Biue Grasses

The western part of the duchy contains a number of small
cities and towns, including Fort Knox (home of the U.S. gold
depository). Periodically, plans surface among less honest
nockers and their redcap allies to rob Fort Knox using faerie
magic. Such plots usually die aborting as the would-be thieves
run up against the overwhelming bureaucratic Banality sur-
rounding their tempting target. Bowling Green, the home of
Western Kentucky University, contains the world's only GM
Corvette Plant. Two sidhe of House Dougal compete to receive
the first car off the assembly line each year and stage Corvette
races throughout the summer. Hopkinsville, Kentucky, is the

Noy OY a OT OLD LO LOL EPO OT OOO


birthplace of both Confederate President Jefferson Davis and
psychic Edgar Cayce. Native-born Charisma Jones, a particu-
larly convincing and inventive pooka, plays on the Cayce
connection to offer her psychic services to a worldwide clien-
tele. South of Hopkinsville, the Cherokee Trail of Tears
Commemorative Park hosts the annual Trail of Tears Inter-
Tribal Powwow — an event attended by many Nunnehi of
Cherokee descent.

Nacural Places

Blue Grasses contains many picturesque natural sites,
including the Falls of the Ohio, a series of rapid descents that
begin not far from Louisville (a favorite among daredevil
wilders who white water raft along the falls using chimerical
conveyances), and Big Bone Lick State Park, which contains
prehistoric salt licks and the calcified bones of ancient Ice Age
creatures. Herds of bison now roam the park (brought here in
an attempt to increase the species' numbers). Several lodges of
secretive Nunnehi are rumored to exist in the park area. Near
Hodgenville, Mammoth Cave National Park provides some of
the world's most spectacular underground rock formations and
natural cave phenomena and serves as a freehold for a motley
of sluagh.

Enchanced Places

They say Princes learn no art truly, but the art of horsemanship.
— Ben Jonson, Explorata: Illiteratus Princeps

Duchy of Blue Grasses

Just outside Lexington, Kentucky, lies the Thorough-
bred breeding farm of Rose Garland Stables. Off the near
pasture, a picturesque wood frames a trickling, rocky stream.
To one side, where the stream forms a small, sandy pool, a
rock grotto rises. Though the opening looks only large
enough to set a small candle within it, it is actually a full-size
doorway — one only discernible by fae.

Inside, the rock hallway leads down into a series of
hillside caverns. Most were carved and shaped before the
Shattering. Smoothed into arched halls and rounded cham-
bers, the native rock has been highly polished so that it
gleams in lamplight. Tiny veins of crystal and minerals glint
and sparkle throughout the freehold. Within the central
cavern, a grand hall adorned with multicolored tapestries
and carpets boasts mirrored lanterns and gold-touched fur-
nishings.

Moving along a lesser hallway leads upward to a hidden
pasture and opulent stable area located in the center of the
wood. There, near an entryway into the Near Dreaming,
Duke Araby breeds faerie steeds. Luxurious beyond the
dreams of most mortal kings, the freehold of the duke seems
to reflect its ruler's love of riches and creature comfort.

Less well-traveled, a secret passage leads to a hidden
room where the duke assumes his guise of Lord Justice. A
further passage leads up to a paddock and small stable where
his black faerie steed lives.

Freehold of che COammoch

Mammoth Caves, Kentucky, is one of the state's most
visited tourist attractions. A band of sluagh, led by a matriarch
called Jiruna, found that some of the lesser-developed, hidden
caves contained Glamour. Sealing off the entry to their lair
from the more traveled portions of the system, the sluagh
created a freehold for themselves using balefire stolen from the
Duchy of Blue Grasses. Left in their natural state, the caverns
and passages are easily traveled by sluagh, but the small,
twisting openings prove impassable to other kith. Lit intermit-
tently with low-powered lights, most of the freehold remains
dark and mysterious, just as the sluagh prefer it. Each member
of Jiruna's motley has his or her own cavern — many with
ledges or secondary caves attached. Asa whole, the community
has adopted the practice of carving out dwellings in the ledges
similar to those used by the Native American cliff dwellers.
While other Kithain would find life in the caves distasteful, the
sluagh enjoy the darkness and quiet their freehold provides.
The darkling caves also produce a quantity of dross in the form
of small crystalline drops of condensation that solidify into
tear-shaped pebbles.

When necessary, Jiruna meets with visitors in the outer-
most cavern of the freehold, a dimly lit cave with enough room
for a table and several chairs. The sluagh live on money made
from selling hand-thrown red and black pottery. Jiruna sells a
more valuable commodity to select clients — information.
From the outside, the doorway looks like a normal part of the
grassy hillside. Visitors cannot go beyond the meeting hall
unless they too are sluagh and capable of squirming through the
tiny halls leading inward.

Duchy of Graceland

Made up of central and western Tennessee, the Duchy of
Graceland vies with Meilge's realm for supremacy of the
Kingdom of Willows. The Duke of Graceland seeks to build his
own power base in the heart of the Tennessee Valley. He has
attracted many changeling musicians (not just country-west-
ern, but all genres) to the soul of "Music Country."

Physical Geography

The Appalachian mountain chain forms the eastern bor-
der of Graceland, separating the duchy from the Duchy of
Appalachia. To the north lies the Duchy of Blue Grasses. The
Mississippi River marks the western boundary, while the Duchy
of Cotton (including the disputed duchy of Magnolia's Home)
marks Graceland's southern border. Unlike the mountainous
areas to its east, the Duchy of Graceland has a greater geo-
graphic connection with the Southern heartland.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks

It's not an accident that so many great Americans have their
roots in Tennessee. A blend of hard work, religious conviction and
rugged individualism seems to result in greatness here.

— Suzi Forbes, Tennessee: A Photographic Journey

Chapzer Two: Geography


(Demphis

Situated on the Mississippi River at the southwestern tip
of the Duchy of Graceland, Memphis stands as a monument to
two musical traditions: blues and rock and roll. The blues of the
Mississippi Delta came to life in the songs of legendary bluesman
W.C. Handy, whose home on Beale Street is now the site of the
W.C. Handy Home and Museum and, thus, the rallying place
for the city's blues-oriented Kithain. B.B. King's Blues Club,
also on Beale Street, stands alongside a number of other jazz,
blues and rock clubs; the city's wilders haunt this section of
Memphis, gathering Glamour from the music that drifts out
into the street. Graceland, the mansion and gravesite of Elvis
Presley, is the city's primary tourist attraction, attracting mil-
lions of fans and devotees who year-round pay homage to "The
King"; as the freehold of Duke Florian, Graceland absorbs
tremendous amounts of Glamour from the adoration of visiting
fans. Sun Studio, famous as the recording studio for Elvis, Roy
Orbison, and B.B. King (among others), functions as both an
active studio and a tour site; several local changeling musicians
work here as session guitarists and drummers.

The National Civil Rights Museum, located in the build-
ing where Martin Luther King, Jr. fell to an assassin's bullet on
April 4, 1968, provides a fitting memorial for the champion of
and martyr for civil rights. Many eshu visit this site to com-
memorate the Dreamer who so embodied their ideals of free-
dom and mutual respect. The Center for Southern Folklore
preserves stories and crafts of the Mississippi Delta and provides
a resource center of information for Kithain historians. The
Mud Island theme park, located on an island in the Mississippi
River, houses the Mississippi River Museum as well as the B-17
bomber, the Mississippi Belle.

Home to the University of Memphis Tigers and the site for
concerts and other entertainments, the 32-story Pyramid serves
as one of the more unusual arenas in the country. An annual
rally of the Memphis Mystical Pooka Pyramid Admirers
(MMPPA) celebrates the city's architectural oddity.

The city's National Ornamental Metal Museum, which
includes a large display of wrought iron, holds a special attrac-
tion for Graceland's Unseelie changelings; secret initiation
ceremonies for induction into the Shadow Court take place
here. The Chucalissa Archaeological Museum contains arti-
facts from the prehistoric Mississippean Indian culture that
dwelled along the Mississippi Delta until A.D. 1500. Recently,
the museum has been the target of Nunnehi raids aimed at
recovering items they consider sacred.

Nashville

Knownas Music City, U.S.A., Nashville livesand breathes
the heartbreaking, mournful music made popular by Hank
Williams, Patsy Cline and Loretta Lynn. Opryland, U.S.A.,
contains the Grand Ole Opry, the Roy Acuff and Minnie Pearl
Museums and numerous rides and live shows. An annual
Country Music Glamour Jamboree brings Kithain from all over
the Kingdom of Willows to Opryland for a four-night orgy of
country music. The city also contains the national headquar-
ters for the Gideon Society, famous for its practice of leaving

68 Kingdom oF Willows

fA Neen peempmemee

Bibles in hotels and motels throughout the world; recently, a
number of pooka infiltrators managed to slip pieces of dross (in
the form of bookplates) into some of these Bibles, hoping to
improve the lives of hundreds of tourists and traveling salesmen.

Ocher Cicies

East of Memphis, the city of Jackson memorializes the
greatest legend of railroad history in Casey Jones Village. Not
far from Jackson, Shiloh National Military Park occupies the
site of the Battle of Shiloh, one of the turning points of the
Civil War. Franklin, Tennessee, south of Nashville, contains
many fine ante-bellum homes, some of which house extremely
conservative factions of sidhe nobles and a very few die-hard
commoner nobles who refused to give up their holdings when
the "usurpers" returned from Arcadia. Franklin also serves as
the entrance to the Natchez Trace Parkway (see the Duchy of
Cotton). The Alex Haley House Museum in Henning honors
the author of Roots and boasts an African-American boggan
(who is noted for remarking to visiting eshu, "See? Not all
blacks belong to your kind!" and who keeps the museum
spotless during off hours). Lynchburg is the home to the Jack
Daniel Distillery — a frequent target for wilders in search of
thrills, who compete in changing the mix to create the most
potent "faerie mead." The Tennessee Walking Horse National
Celebration holds its annual 10-day meet in Shelbyville, Ten-
nessee — a yearly attraction for many of the Kithain horsy set
found throughout the rest of Willows.

Nacural Places

The natural scenery of the Duchy of Graceland is preserved
in areas such as Meeman-Shelby Forest State Park, which borders
on the Mississippi River. Reelfoot Lake, formed by an earthquake
in 1811, servesasasanctuary forthe bald eagle. These natural areas
serve as refuge, for small Nunnehi communities. Most of these
native fae are never seen by other changelings.

Enchanczed Places

Old lame Bridget doesn't hear

Fairy music in the grass

When the gloaming's on the mere

And the shadow people pass.

— Francis Ledwidge, "The Shadow People"

Duchy of Graceland

Utilizing the portions of Elvis' famous mansion not open
to the public, the Duchy of Graceland mirrors the decor
prevalent in the rest of the house — with a slight twist. The
furnishings in Graceland feature long, custom-made couches
and coffee tables, thick carpets and elaborate window treat-
ments. Comfortable armchairs, brass fittings, chandeliers, mir-
rors and high ceilings give it a feeling of grandeur while still
seeming homey enough that someone might have actually
lived there.

The original furnishings were removed from the rooms
that are unused by the estate (and part of the freehold),


necessitating the construction of chimerical reproductions.
Additionally, the duke commissioned several stained-glass
walls and door frames, lending both color and light to the
freehold. They range in subject from strutting peacocks to
dimly remembered scenes from Arcadia. His favorite room
sports a wall covered in reproductions of Presley's gold and
platinum record awards — just like the one found elsewhere in
the mansion. Though much of the freehold echoes Graceland's
creamy white color scheme, several rooms are decorated in dark
jewel tones that appeal to the duke's Ailil soul. In one such
chamber — the duke's private quarters — the balefire burns,
warming furniture decorated with the flag of Dixie.

Duchy of che Ozarks

Sparsely populated by both mortals and changelings, the
Duchy of the Ozarks has recently come into prominence
through the realm of human politics. For the most part, how-
ever, it includes a large population of commoner mountain
folk, self-sufficient and "out of the loop" of changeling politics.
The territory claimed by the realm's duchess includes the entire
state of Arkansas.

Physical Geography

Bordered on the east by the Mississippi River, on the north
by the Kingdom of Grass, on the west by the Kingdom of the
Burning Sun and on the south by the Duchy of the Delta
Crescent, Arkansas sided with the Confederacy in the Civil
War, unlike its sister border state, Missouri. The rich river
country to the east gives way to the mountains of the Ozarks in
the north and west and in delta lands to the south.

QDajor Cicies and Landmarks

If Arkansans expected, and usually practiced, probity in the
conduct of their ordinary affairs, they have, from the founding of the
first government at Arkansas Post, displayed a pronounced toler-
ance for boodling by public officials.

— Harry S. Ashmore, Arkansas: A History

Liccle Rock

The capital and largest city lies in the central part of the
duchy on the Arkansas River. It contains the Arkansas History
Commission, the Museum of Science and History (a favorite
gathering place for nockers, eshu and boggans), the State
Capitol and the Little Rock Central High School (site of one
of the major desegregation battles of the civil rights struggle).
The eshu in Little Rock maintain an active presence among
Kithain, spearheading the movement toward a changeling
commonwealth and opposing the feudal society.

Ocher Sices

Mammoth Spring, Arkansas, houses the Mammoth Spring
State Park, a repository for railroad memorabilia; the Arkansas
Ramblers, a motley of semi-itinerant eshu and pooka, have
established a winter freehold inside one of the trains on display
in the park. The Ozark Folk Center, in Mountain View,

eae
contains crafts and artifacts of the local folk culture —many of WAY,
them crafted by the Ozark Boggan and Sluagh Cooperative.
The Orr School, in Texarkana, commemorates the boyhood
home of ragtime legend Scott Joplin; Leland Joplin-Jones, a
pooka jazz pianist who claims Joplin as one of his mortal
ancestors, makes his home in the school's basement.

Nacural Places

The Duchy of the Ozarks contains many scenic preserves,
including Crater of Diamonds State Park, Hot Springs Na-
tional Park and the Toltec Mounds State Park; besides being
centers of activity for the region's Nunnehi, these areas provide
local wilders with opportunities for white-water rafting and
hiking, often in the company of kinain Dreamers. The Hamp-
ton Museum State Park contains an archaeology museum that
houses artifacts dating from the period of the Ozark Bluff
Dwellers.

Ss

=)

rat

Enchanczed Places

Independence, like honor, is a rocky island without a beach.
— Napoleon Bonaparte, Sayings of Napoleon

Duchy of the Ozarks

Often called the Radiant Well, the freehold of deposed
duke Brendan MacLiam and his sluagh successor Kerry
Dunwood, is one of the most unique in Concordia. Reached by
traveling down a spiraling stairway inside an old covered well,
the freehold is a surprising blend of light and darkness. A
doorway in the side of the well opens inward. Beyond the door,
a tunnel gently lit by fluorescent-paint patterns leads into a
large hall within which is set a replica of King Arthur's Round
Table. Here the Commonwealth Council meets to decide how
the duchy is to be ruled, resolve grievances between change-
lings and discuss projects.

Brendan's apartments within the freehold are filled with
light and decorated in blue and silver. He keeps a suit of
chimerical armor and his sword in his bedroom. Muffled by
several intervening walls and doors, Brendan plays his Irish
harp. His collection of art glass is displayed throughout his
quarters.

Kerry's rooms are quite different. While she talks and
socializes far more than most sluagh when in the public rooms
of the freehold, when allowed to retreat to her own space, Kerry
prefers that it be dark, quiet and restful. She thinks of her
apartments as a haven more than a bedchamber.

Duchy of Dogwood

The Duchy of Dogwood, comprising the states of Vir-
ginia and West Virginia (ignoring the arbitrary boundaries
between the two regions), contains some of the most conser-
vative and the most radical elements of Southern change-
ling society. The fae of the eastern region of the duchy look
down on their poorer cousins of the west. Here the dreams
of the languid lost South find themselves juxtaposed against

"SA

Chapzer Two: Geography 69


Vis2

£2

BG
2S]

dreams of political power emanating from the bedroom com-
munities of Washington, D.C.

Physical Geography

The Duchy of Chesapeake (Maryland) forms the north-
eastern border of the Duchy of Dogwood, while the Atlantic
Ocean lies to the east. Bordered on the south by the Duchies of
Triangle and Appalachia, Dogwood's western edge consists of
the Appalachian chain, which separates it from its western
half, the disputed Duchy of Winterthorn. The terrain ranges from
the Tidewater region near the coast, with its numerous coves and
rivers, to the mountains of the Blue Ridge and Alleghenies.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks

In building their estates, the Virginia Cavaliers were ever
mindful of the English model, hence the importance of the dynastic
line. Because there was only a relative handful of socially acceptable
immigrants, most marriages took place within this self-consciously
circumscribed group. Some matches were even made within the same
family — better to hazard the genetic risks of consanguinity than the
social ones of a union beneath one's station.

—William Stadiem, A Class By Themselves

Richmond

The duchy's capital lies at the mouth of the James River.
Once the capital of the Confederacy, Richmond now serves as
a center for industry, tobacco production, shipping, banking
and high-tech enterprises, as well as a cultural magnet for the
South. Many of Richmond's commoners trace their mortal
heritage back to the region's earliest settlers. The Museum and
White House of the Confederacy draws many trolls and boggans
to its atmosphere of nostalgia; several of the city's sidhe,
attracted by the myth of the Lost Cause, have begun holding
regular meetings on the museums grounds. After hours, the
darkened rooms of the Edgar Allan Poe Museum offer sanctu-
ary to Richmond's sluagh. Agecroft Hall, a 15th century manor
house transported in 1925 from Lancashire, England, to its present
location, is the freehold of a reclusive noble of House Liam.

Charloccesville

At the center of Dogwood's fertile Piedmont region,
Charlottesville claims Thomas Jefferson as its native son.
Monticello, conceived and designed by Jefferson himself, pays
tribute to his visionary ideals in architecture and invention. Each
year, the Monticello Society, made up of an assortment of trolls,
boggans, nockers and several sidhe from Houses Gwydion and
Dougal, meet on the mansion's grounds. The Oakencroft Vine-
yard and Winery acts as a magnet for the local satyr community.

Shenandoah Valley

Between the Blue Ridge and Allegheny Mountains, the
Shenandoah Valley holds many cities steeped in history.
Harrisonburg, home to a large Mennonite community and
several nockers and boggans, features Eastern Mennonite Col-
lege, James Madison University and the Virginia Quilt Mu-

Kingdom oF Witlows

seum. Nearby Dayton holds the Shenandoah Valley Folk Art
& Heritage Center; Kithain crafters in the region have many of
their finest works on display to inspire mortal visitors. Lexing-
ton is the home of Washington and Lee University and the
Virginia Military Institute (VMI). Troll war games and chi-
merical Civil War reenactments take place on the grounds of
both institutions.

Roanoke

The largest city of western Virginia (as opposed to West
Virginia) contains the Science Museum of Western Virginia,
the Hopkins Planetarium, the Virginia Museum of Transporta-
tion — places that attract large numbers of the region's nockers
and House Dougal sidhe. Just outside the city lies Booker T.
Washington's Birthplace, now a national historic site and a
center for eshu activity. The Mill Mountain Zoo, known for its
Siberian tiger and red pandas, is a favorite place for many
childling pooka.

Fredericksburg

Famous for its Revolutionary War associations,
Fredericksburg contains the Mary Washington House and the
James Monroe Museum and Memorial Library. In the base-
ment of the Hugh Mercer Apothecary Shop, which introduces
visitors to colonial medicinal treatments, Jervis Halls, a sluagh
healer, still treats his Kithain patients using 200-year-old
remedies and herbal cures. Some of the region's more radical
wilders — as well as a group of Unseelie commoners who
espouse confrontational politics — have set up their headquar-
ters in the Rising Sun Tavern, once frequented by Patrick
Henry, Thomas Jefferson, George Washington and other lead-
ers of the revolution.

Uitliamsdurg

This colonial restoration is the largest historical site in the
duchy. Recreating the settlement of Williamsburg, capital of
the Virginia Colony from 1699 until after the Revolutionary
War, the streets are barred to vehicular traffic, and visitors tour
the historically accurate sites accompanied by costumed inter-
preters and guides, many of whom are Kithain. A few miles
from Williamsburg, Jamestown Island commemorates the first
permanent English colony in America, while the nearby
Jamestown Settlement serves asa living-history museum where
visitors can interact with "characters" representing sailors,
craftsmen, pioneers and Indians. Yorktown, site of the final
battle of the American Revolution and Cornwallis' surrender
to Washington's Army, contains the Yorktown Battlefield and
the Yorktown Victory Center, including a Continental Army
encampment where tourists may watch and speak with cos-
tumed interpreters — several of them respected troll warriors.

Mashingcon, D.C.

The nation's capital lies between the duchies of Dogwood
and Chesapeake, occupying a district all to itself. A planned
city whose vision changed with each successive planner, Wash-
ington contains not only some of the nation's most impressive


architecture but also some of its most squalid slums. Capitol
Hill and its environs includes the Capitol Building, the Su-
preme Court, the Folger Shakespeare Library, the Library of
Congress, RFK Stadium (home of the Redskins) and the
Catholic University of America. Surrounding the area known
as the Mall are the Washington and Lincoln monuments, the
Vietnam Veterans Memorial, the White House and the Trea-
sury Building. The State Department, Federal Reserve and the
National Academy of Sciences occupy the area known as Foggy
Bottom. Downtown Washington periodically undergoes at-
tempts at revitalization but remains an overcrowded area filled
with substandard housing and decaying buildings. So many
dreams are bound up with the various art centers, museums and
historical monuments of the city that Kithain who travel to the
region regularly find themselves infused with overwhelming
amounts of Glamour. There is a downside to this though. Many
who come seeking such abundance instead find themselves
falling victim to the rampant Banality that exists side-by-side
with the abundant Glamour. Further, many becomeactual victims
of the twin Unseelie who claim Washington's Shadow Duchy.

Nacural Places

Dogwood is bursting with natural areas. The Shenandoah
National Park includes much of Virginia's Blue Ridge Moun-

tains and features forests of pines and hardwoods. The
Shenandoah and Endless Caverns provide prime examples
of limestone and calcite formations, while the Grand Cav-
erns in Augusta County contain spectacular underground
"rooms." Some portions of these "endless" caves provide
shelter for sluagh, while others serve as "spooky play places"
for childlings of all kith. Near Chesapeake, Virginia, lies the
Great Dismal Swamp, a national wildlife preserve for many
species of birds, black bears and bobcats. Commoner Kithain
flock to the area on nights of the full moon for the monthly
all-commoner Full Moon Jamboree and Troll Stomp. Off
the coast of Virginia's Eastern Shore peninsula, Chincoteague
Island hosts the annual swim and auction of ponies from
nearby Assateague Island — overseen by a pony pooka
who claims the area as a freehold (see Duchy of Chesa-
peake).

Enchanced Places

The universal points

Are shrunk into a flower;

Between its delicate joints

Chaos keeps no power.

— Elinor Wylie, "The Eagle and the Mole"


Duchy of Dogwood

Located on a quiet back street north of the river in
Richmond, Virginia, the seat of the Duchy of Dogwood
exists within a stately mansion that blends in with the other
houses on the street. Built of brick in the federal style, with
its columned porch and window sills and sashes of pristine
white, it could serve as a museum of life in old Virginia.
Formal gardens anda manicured lawn surrounded by trimmed
hedges occupy the front of the freehold and serve as an area
where the court holds its outdoor revels. The whole estate is
hidden from the public eye by a wall of trees that line a stone
wall around the grounds.

Inside, the rooms that open into the court continue the
themes of old money and tradition. Colonial-style furniture
rests upon polished hardwood floors and is surrounded by
hand-printed wallpaper. The scent of fresh flowers fills
every room. These are the rooms that the duke allows
visitors to see.

In the more private quarters within the freehold, Cormac
and Ashe have created a modern haven for themselves,
ranging from a room filled with computers and techno toys
to a pseudo-Turkish bathing area complete with Olympic-
size pool, sauna and jacuzzi. The duke's private room is filled
with video games and puzzles, while Baron Ashe's room
holds avant-garde artwork and several musical instruments.
One hall serves as a training room where Cormac and Ashe
practice swordplay and argue tactics — aided by an enor-
mous terrain table that shows whatever features the two can
recall of Arcadia and the Dreaming, peopled by thousands of
miniatures lovingly crafted to look like the various kith. Not
all of Countess Meregrinne's style has been eradicated yet,
and rooms that feature more staid decor are occasionally
(and grudgingly) allocated to the duchy's more conservative
elements.

The Hune Clud

Unlike the false front of restrained good taste in the
duke's freehold, the Count of Jamesriver's holding at the
Hunt Club is exactly what it appears to be. Surrounded by
leagues of white fencing and acres of rolling grass and
bisected by a tree-lined white drive, the Hunt Club is an
exclusive steeplechase and fox hunting establishment lo-
cated just outside Richmond. It is so exclusive, in fact, that
only changelings — most of whom are sidhe — are allowed
on part of its grounds. A few commoners, servants of Count
Rual, work at the club, some even serving as waiters and
bartenders within the section open to mortals.

Inside, the Hunt Club features fine leather furnishings,
Oriental carpets, green-shaded lamps and a teak-wood bar.
Oil paintings featuring the hunt, horses and dogs line the
walls, and collections of English snuffboxes and china bric-
a-brac are on display throughout the club.

Within the freehold, Count Rual holds numerous card
parties, hosts balls and organizes hunts. The freehold hardly
differs from the public parts, except for Rual's pets — dozens

12 Kingdom of Willows

o

of faerie hounds that inhabit the attached kennels and often
wander through the open portions of the holding. A secret
gate located behind the kennel leads toa minor trod that the
count uses to train the hounds for hunts in the Dreaming.

The Cleansing Place

Near Jamestown Island isa living-history museum known
as Jamestown Settlement. Costumed guides re-enact the
daily lives of the colonials, demonstrating cooking, armor-
smithing, and the hard life endured by the settlers in their
wattle and daub, thatched-roofed houses. Within Jamestown
Settlement can be found its "Indian Village," where visitors
can enter and explore a wigwam while Native American

&
The Courc of CDirrors

High King David's secret court lies in the heart of
Washington, D.C., set into a faerie glen filled with weeping
willows, a brook and wild rose bushes. The center of the
freehold is an octagonal teahouse, its sides brushed with
colors (rather than painted). Clean lines and surrounding
gardens evoke harmony in all who visit.

Inside, comfortable but simple furnishings provide
seating areas and small tables for tea ceremonies. Places for
entertainers are available, and sleeping quarters are also
provided. A central room is reached via a winding spiral
staircase and holds nothing in it but eight large mirrors.

This room, which gives the freehold its name, is the
meeting point for the trods that lead out from the site.
Stepping into a mirror sets one on the corresponding trod.
Of the eight trods, one remains unexplored.

By employing Dream-Craft, Kithain have determined
that the unexplored trod opens into the Deep Dreaming,
though they are uncertain of its exact position or whether
those who venture into it can return to the freehold.
Despite this small mystery, the entire building is an oasis of
serenity and simple beauty.

interpreters clad in buckskin show how their ancestors
cultivated gardens, constructed tools, wove baskets and
made pottery. Children are allowed to touch; hands-on
learning is encouraged, in fact. At the far end of the Indian
village, usually overlooked by the tourists but labeled as "off
limits" in any case, sits a sweat lodge.

The Nunnehi known as thought crafters claim the
"cleansing place" for themselves. Occasionally, a talented
mortal (i.e., Dreamer) is enchanted and allowed within,
then gifted with insight before she leaves, but many of the
Native American fae — suchas Aiyana Flower-That-Blooms
— prefer to inspire through their work as interpreters in the
Indian village. Within the lodge lies a gateway to the spirit
world. Only those who have been properly cleansed in the


sweat lodge may see the straight pathway and cross to the
other world.

The Shadow Duchy, Washingzon, D.C.

Cloaked by dark Glamour from casual notice, the Shadow
Duchy is housed in the basement of an old book bindery that
is now a rock club called the War Zone. Upstairs, the club
features 2

dance floor, seating area, three bars, a mosh pit, a

stage and dressing rooms. Loud music inundates the building
from 8 p.m. until 1 a.m. on weekends.

is a cellar where
beer and other potables are kept. A concealed door leads
into the freehold (which also has a separate sewer entrance).
The tunnel that leads from the cellar to the actual holding
pulses with sounds from above, but once through the far
door, baffling and sound proofing provide peace and quiet
within.

Downstairs, reached by a set of stairs,

The holding itself opens out from both entryways into
a chaotic jumble of darkness and strange swirls of color
accompanied by flashes of strobelike light, odd noises and
weird angles that are wildly disorienting. Enhanced through
tainted Glamour, the room can cause changelings to enter
Bedlam if they are left within it long enough. Duchess Kali
and Duke S} the twin Unseelie who claim the freehold,

SS

bypass this room through a hidden tunnel that leads directly
to the heart of the freehold. Those not led blindfolded
through the tunnel must brave the chaotic entry hall.
Should they find the exit (through the ceiling and reachable
only by piling up some of the room's furnishings), they can
enter the actual freehold. Otherwise, whoever enters must

wait until the duke and duchess allow them to leave.

The freehold proper consists of little more than a series

of open room hed in dark cloth, lined with pillows and
draped with spiderweb-ga
served for meetings of the inner circle of the true S|

curtains. One chamber is re-

adow
Court. It houses a huge black-glass oval table and several
twisted-wood armchairs covered with black velvet.

Dispuced Duchy of
(inzerchorn

Although claimed by the Duchy of Dogwood, the region

that encompasses West Virginia has declared its independence

and now seeks recognition as a duchy. Populated primarily by

commoners with a few sidhe in residence, this region disavows
its connection to the more aristocratic, sophisticated change-

lings east of the mountains.


,

SY

ROARK

Canin

CTR

Physical Geography

The disputed Duchy of Winterthorn sits in the northwest-
ern corner of the Duchy of Dogwood, surrounded on its western.
edge by the Duchies of Appalachia and Blue Grasses and the
Kingdom of Grass. Primarily consisting of the Appalachian
mountains and western foothills, large parts of the duchy have
suffered from the depredations of the coal industry.

CDajor Cicies and Landmarks

Mountaineers are always free.
— Motto of the State of West Virginia

Harpers Ferry

Located at the junction of the Shenandoah and Potomac
Rivers, the city of Harper's Ferry once served as a railroad
center and was the site of John Brown's rebellion in 1859. The
Kithain of the city wholeheartedly support the idea of an
independent duchy, and have organized the sending of peti-
tions to the Parliament of Dreams expressing their feelings.
The John Brown Society (made up of redcap and nocker
radicals) proposes more violent and direct forms of action to
ensure their freedom from the Duchy of Dogwood. Nearby
Charles Town contains the Jefferson County Courthouse and
the John Brown Gallows.

Shepherdscown

Settled by German immigrants in 1790, Shepherdstown
contains the Shepherd Grist Mill and the Sheetz Rifle Works.
The town is also the site of the first successful demonstration of
aworking steamboat. A vibrant community of nockers, boggans
and trolls — many of them of German origin — form the center
of a growing craft movement in the city.

Charleston

The state capital contains the West Virginia State Mu-
seum, the Sunrise Museum and the Criel Mound, a relic of the
Hopewell-Adena prehistoric culture (and the site ofa Nunnehi
freehold). Near Charleston, the Hatfield Family Cemetery
bears witness to the legendary Hatfield-McCoy feud that ranged
along the Kentucky-West Virginia border from 1881-1896.
Kithain descendants of these warring families occasionally con-
duct transborder Ravaging raids against each other's freeholds.

Nacural Places

Some of the duchy's natural sites include Cathedral State
Park, near Aurora, which contains virgin forests of hemlocks
and pines, the New River Gorge National River, and Hawk's
Nest State Park.

Enchanced Places
Over the dark mountain, over the dark pine wood,
Down the long dark valley along the shrunken river,
Returns the splendor without rays, the shining of shadow...
— Robinson Jeffers, "Night"

Kingdom of Witlows

Wincerchorn

A 19th century grist mill enlarged by additions originally
intended to transform it into a restaurant and inn, serves as the
freehold of Gwyhyr ap Gwydion, the self-styled Duke of
Winterthorn. Located in the wilds of West Virginia, the
holding sits atop a reservoir of Glamour. Constructed of
river stones and wooden timbers, Winterthorn straddles a
small river that turns the millwheel as it flows down a short
waterfall.

Named for the white roses that grow nearby, the free-
hold is home only to Gwyhyr and his chimerical daughter
Irenia. What was once a pleasing rural holding has assumed
many nightmare characteristics due to Gwyhyr's entry into
Bedlam. Time seems distorted while Winterthorn. Those
who spend an hour within its confines may emerge an hour,
a minute ora month later. Further, it is not unusual for vines
covered with white roses to spring up throughout the free-
hold.

Outside the building, though within the area of the
freehold proper, is an elaborate hedge maze filled with
colorful flower beds. Chimerical butterflies and animals —
rabbits, a tiny gray fox, and a few field mice — make their
homes within the maze. During winter months, the ever-
green hedge never dies and is always twined with pallid,
though redolent, rosebuds.

Duchy of Chesapeake

Aristocratic to the nth degree, the Duchy of Chesapeake
clings to traditions even as it fights against the encroaching
Banality of the urban centers that impinge upon it. As its
physical counterpart, the state of Maryland, teeters precari-
ously between identifying with the genteel, sophisticated mo-
res of its southern sister Virginia and the frenetic, pragmatic
ambitions of its northeastern neighbors, the Duchy of Chesa-
peake shares in the conflict. Caught between its allegiance to
the Kingdom of Willows and its sympathetic resonance with
the adjoining Kingdom of Apples, Duchess Elena-Anastasia's
realm maintains a facade of tolerance and style while simulta-
neously striving to achieve standing as a model of the modern
dream.

Physical Geography

The Duchy of Chesapeake lies along the Mason-Dixon
line, placing it at the northernmost edge of the South (or the
southernmost portion of the North). The Kingdom of Apples
forms its northern border, while the Duchies of Winterthorn
and Dogwood comprise the western border. To the east, Chesa-
peake shares the Delmarva peninsula with both the Kingdom
of Apples (Delaware) and part of Dogwood. Chesapeake Bay
slices deep into the duchy, almost bisecting it. Washington,
D.C. straddles the border between Chesapeake and Dogwood
near the mouth of the Potomac River. The region's topography
ranges from mountains and forests along the western edge of
the duchy to farm country in the south and river country, complete
with marshlands and beaches, along the Eastern Shore.


QDajor Cicies and Landmarks

Marylanders at their best have stood for moderation, skepti-
cism, ironic humor, love of peace, and a sense of proportion that
reminds one of the sailor's heed to both sail and ballast.

— Robert J. Brugger, Maryland: A Middle Temperament,
1634-1980

Batcimore

The largest city in the duchy, Baltimore served the
American colonies as a center for shipping and the ship-
building trade. During the War of 1812, nearby Fort McHenry
came under British bombardment, an occasion immortal-
ized by Francis Scott Key's "Star Spangled Banner." A pooka
descendant of the anthem's author has purportedly written
additional (irreverent) verses to the song and performs them
at the irregular meetings of the Chesapeake Pooka Patriots'
Club. Although Maryland remained loyal to the Union in
the Civil War (due to the presence of Union troops in the
city), astrong faction of Confederate sympathizers remained
in Baltimore. Reconstruction in Baltimore spurred the city's
industrial growth, which lasted until the mid 1950s, when
other cities edged it out of the competitive marketplace.
The Kithain of Baltimore are exhausted by the struggle to
find Glamour in a city overwhelmed by social unease and
economic woes. Recent attempts at revitalization, backed

fj by

by efforts from the city's changelings, are beginning to
overcome the city's reputation as a depressed metropolis.

¢ Historic Baltimore — Many historic sites and build-
ings that reflect the city's status as one of the oldest Ameri-
can settlements are nestled together north of the harbor.
Centered on Charles Street and Mount Vernon Square, this
section of the city includes Johns Hopkins University, the
Enoch Pratt Free Library and the Basilica of the Assumption
(the country's oldest Catholic cathedral). This area is a
favorite gathering place for the city's artistic and serious-
minded Kithain. Sherwood Gardens, famous for its thou-
sands of tulips and azaleas, is a trysting place for many satyrs,
while the Baltimore Zoo provides a constant source of
amusement for many childlings of all kith.

¢ Inner Harbor — The Patapsco River basin serves as
Baltimore's harbor and as a working seaport. Fells Point, a
revitalized historic district complete with cobblestone streets,
has become a source of inspiration for local artists and
crafters (and, hence, for their Kithain patrons). Nearby,
Fort McHenry attracts troll, redcap and sidhe military-
history enthusiasts.

© West Baltimore — Despite its high crime and de-
pressed economy, this section of Baltimore attracts a fair
number of Kithain who frequent the B&O Railroad Mu-
seum, the Babe Ruth Birthplace and Baseball Center, and


the Poe House. The city's Unseelie changelings and most of
its sluagh population reside in small freeholds in some of this
area's abandoned buildings. Rival motleys conduct gang wars
here with disconcerting regularity.

Souchern Region

Chesapeake's southern region, with its farmlands and
tobacco fields, most closely resembles the rest of the South.
Home to the state's capital, Annapolis, this lies along the
western shore of Chesapeake Bay. Annapolis is not only a
historical mecca, with numerous buildings dating from the
Colonial period; it also ser
oystermen. Seasonal yacht races are popular among the sidhe
of the region, while commoners hold weekly oyster fe

AA

LPs

S

GE
iE

asa thriving port for yachters and

XS
225]

OS

during the peak gathering season. The area also encompasses
Chesapeake Beach, the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant and
Lexington Park, home of the Naval Air Test and Evaluation

Museum. Rumors abound that an enclave of Unseelie change-
lings led by a noble of House Balor has established a freehold

near the nuclear plant and plan to use the freehold as a base to

SS)

overthrow the current duke.

Wescern QDaryland

The largest city in western Chesapeake, Frederick sits
amid mountains and farmlands, giving it a distinctly differ-
ent atmosphere from the rest of the duchy. Once the vaca-
tion land for railroad barons and other industrialists, the city
now draws tourists with it ional opportunities and
proximity to many historical sites. The Kithain of the region
find they have more in common with their counterparts in
Winterthorn and Dogwood than with their kithmates in the
Duchy of Chesapeake. Sharpsburg, 20 miles west of Frederick,
is the site of the Antietam National Battlefield, which

i

commemorates one of the Civil War's bloodiest battles and
served as the occasion for Lincoln's Emanc
mation; an annual gathering of eshu celebrates this mile-
stone in the history of their kinain.

ion Procla-

Cascern Shore

Sharing the Delmarva Peninsula with Delaware and
Virginia, the residents of Chesapeake's Eastern Shore and
nearby islands are a breed apart. Queen Anne's County,
across the bay from Annapolis, contains Wye Mills, home of
Maryland's State Tree, the 450-year-old Wye Oak. Rumors
that the tree houses a dryad have not been proven. If one
exists within the tree, her cloaking of her faerie nature is far
too effective for modern changelings to penetrate. Salisbury,
near the southern border of Delaware, contains the Ward
Museum of Wildfowl Art; ironically, chicken packing is the
city's largest industry. Ocean City, which borders on the
Atlantic, contains beaches, boardwalks and theme parks
and is favored by gangs of childlings (some of them members
of the Children's Crusade). Smith Island, home to acommu-
nity of fishers, is noteworthy for its excellent array of
seasonal seafoods — soft shell crabs, oysters and clams — as
well as for the archaic, 17th-century English spoken by its

vA

inhabitants. Pooka legend has it that a local crab pooka
named Sebastian served as the model for Disney's character
of the same name in The Little Mermaid.

Nacural Places

Despite its image as an urbanized region, due to its proxim-
ity to Washington, D.C., Chesapeake contains a number of
unspoiled wilderness sites. Catoctin Mountain Park, near
Frederick, contains forests and rock formations; secluded within
its boundaries lies Camp David, a presidential getaway since
Franklin D. Roosevelt. Despite its attraction to satyrs, pooka
and the occasional boggan, the tight security in the area
discourages much Kithain activity near Camp David. The
Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge, on the Eastern Shore
near Cambridge, features marshlands, forests and waterways,
all of which serve as homes for songbirds, waterfowl and many,
endangered species, including fox squirrels and sika deer.
Blackwater is claimed by the Nunnehi; the duchess does not
dispute their claims.

Enchanced Places

Hail Guest! We ask not what thou art:

If Friend, we greet thee, hand and heart;

If Stranger, such no longer be;

If Foe, our love shall conquer thee.

— Arthur Guiterman, Old Welsh Door Verse

Chesapeake House

An attractive white wooden house with neat dark-green
shutters, a wide front porch with white railings and gingerbread
trim, Chesapeake House is a three-story many-roomed man-
sion. The yard, enclosed by graceful gates and walls, was
initially quite formal, with matching flower beds, a bird bath
anda sundial. In its current incarnation, the grounds are strewn
with toys and a swing and slide set and equipped with a
basketball hoop. While the flower beds still hold a few flowers
amid weedsand overgrown grass, the sundial and birdbath have
been riotously painted with many layers and colors of spray
paint. Among the designs are several backward capital J's and
stylized depictions of crowns. Out back, the yard overlooks the
bay from atop a cliff. Steps cut into the rock lead down to the
duchess' boathouse.

Further evidence of Jasper's artistic endeavors adorns the
inner walls of the freehold, especially in the rooms he claims as
his play space. Duchess Elena-Anastasia hasn't had the heart to
either punish him or have the drawings washed off. Aside from
the rooms that benefit from Jaspers special touch, Chesapeake
House is noted for its gracious decor.

Q

ny.

Drawing rooms and ballrooms where the duchess holds
many parties throughout the year abound, while small sitting
rooms attached to bedchambers provide dozens of guest quar-
ters. The duchess' own chambers feature a canopied bed and
mirrored dresser, while Jasper sleeps in a replica of a red
Corvette under tenting painted to look like the night sky.
Jasper also has a junglegym and "toy" shooting range attached
to his quarters.

Assaceague Dunes

Although much of Assateague Island is given over to
outdoor recreations, the area around the dunes where the wild
ponies run plays host to a small freehold. The tiny source of
Glamour lies between two dunes that look just like all the
others in the area. Only a changeling or someone attuned to
Glamour could distinguish the place. Nonetheless, a small
depression in the sand serves as a freehold for Zrori, a pony
pooka who lives on the island and runs with the wild pony
herds. Her favorite time of year is the annual roundup where
the ponies are herded into swimming to nearby Chincoteague
Island where they are sold at auction. She revels in the
frustration caused by playing pranks. Her favorite involves
making herself so appealing that someone buys her, only to
discover that she has unbelievingly escaped from her pen.

Blackwacer Huncing Grounds

Part of the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge on
Maryland's Eastern Shore, the Blackwater Hunting Grounds
connect the spirit world to this vast tract of marshlands,
waterways, open bodies of water and forests. Deep within the
woodlands, a few rock formations serve as the entrance to an
encampment of may-may-gway-shi, or rock fishers, whose
mortal Algonquin descendants once hunted in this region.

Although they keep mostly to themselves and rarely
interact with the visitors who drive, cycle or walk along the
approved trails and paths that traverse the wildlife preserve,
daring individuals occasionally show themselves to outsid-
ers. Smiling River, one of the most curious of the rock fisher
braves, sometimes guides lost persons back to safety.

Making their homes within the rocks themselves, the
may-may-gway-shi of the Blackwater Hunting Grounds have
decorated their dwelling places with paintings on the inner
walls of the rocks.

Within the spirit world (or Umbra), the Blackwater
Hunting Grounds teem with animal, bird and fish spirits,
who allow the rock fishers to pursue them ina celebration of
the bond of necessity between predator and prey. Each fish
spirit who gives its life to feed one of the rock fishers returns
the next day, its spirit reformed and ready for the next chase.



a)
i,

The life they began after moving into the mountains was a new life — their
own, shut off from the rest of the world. These pioneers were our true early
Americans, of pure strain, strong with customs and idioms
they explained to outlanders in this fashion: "The words 0' you'uns don't fit our

mouths, so we don't use ‘em."

— Virgil Carrington Jones, The Hatfields and the McCoys

This chapter takes a look at the complex and convoluted
politics that make the Kingdom of Willows a hotbed of intrigue
and a morass of conflicting personal ambitions. As one of the
seven kingdoms that comprise Concordia, the Kingdom of
Willows jockeys for its share of political power within the
ty. Just as the American
al boundaries, hosts

highest echelons of Kit

South, which constitute:

a vari-

ph
ety of conflicting political ambitions, 0 too do the nobles who
control the many fiefs of the Kingdom of Willows: Their
internal maneuverings reflect the nobles own special needs
and ambitious perceptions. And all this transpires according to
the convoluted plan of Meilge ap Eiluned, King of Willows.
Culture among the Kithain of the Kingdom of Willows
also bears its own unique stamp. While the first generation of
sidhe who arrived from Arcadia in 1969 observe many of the
quasi-feudal and medieval customs prevalent throughout
Concordia, later sidhe arrivals (as well as some of the older
ones) have borrowed social conventions peculiar to the

Their odd speech

South. These variations on a cultural theme are also dis-
cussed in this section.

Policics

While the kingdom has always had its share of both Seelie
and Unseelie conservatives and liberals, they are not always as
easy to pin down as Kithain from other ar me otherwise
conservative fae become downright modernist and liberal when
it comes to certain issues that are near and dear to their hearts.

Many straddle the fence, and dangling their feet on both sides,
reacting to changing political winds much like the politician
who both condemned and advocated liquor depending on who
was asking his opinion. Still, the new twist in politics has
created unexpected enemies and allies. Rather than falling in
whatever side they usually follow, Kithain throughout the
Kingdom of Willows (and Concordia) are finding themselves
among strange bedfellows regarding the disappearance of the
High King and the factions contending for the throne.

79

Chapcer Three:Policics and Culcure

RAL OAK alwer


ma

CE

Gy

>

OS

CO
SP

22

SS

>

Kingdom of

Ho aS

Discord in Concordia:

The Riving of che Farliamenc of Dreams

In the wake of High King David's disappearance, High
Queen Faerilyth of House Eiluned claims the throne. Although
she has been named High Queen by David and, therefore,
believes she has the right to assume the throne of Concordia in
her own name, Faerilyth instead opts to claim it in David's
name, holding it in trust until his return. It is as if she has
decided to rule Concordia as Regent, while retaining the title
of High Queen bestowed upon her at her marriage.

Morwen fails to grasp that essential point. She instead
believes that Faerilyth seduced and killed or kidnapped the
king, thereby surrendering any right or claims she might
otherwise have. By insisting that Faerilyth is not the rightful
claimant to the throne, Morwen hopes to keep a potential
murderer (or at least a conspirator) from claiming the throne of
Concordia. Further, Morwen hopes that if David still lives, and

if Faerilyth had anything to do with his disappearance, refusing
to surrender her claim to the throne to anyone except David
himself may force Faerilyth give up on her plan and return
David. That's the only way Morwen will ever see any power
from all this. Of course, Morwen believes that when David
returns, he will be able to prove Faerilyth's guilt in the matter
and have her banished or executed for treason.

Faerilyth's and Morwen's mutually exclusive decisions cause
asplitamong the representatives to the Parliamentof Dreams. The
Royalists support Faerilyth and her reign, arguing that the Dream-
ing seems to have accepted her authority to rule. Opposing her are

the Morwenists, a faction loyal to (and some say, led by) David's
sister. These latter Kithain believe that Faerilyth tricked the High
King into marrying her, and hold her responsible for his disappear-

ance. Some even whisper that Faerilyth has arranged for David's
secret assassination. The Morwenists want to depose Faerilyth and
set Morwen up as High Queen.

An offshoot of the Morwenists, called the Regent's Faction,
believe that Morwen should rule Concordia butshould eschew the
title of High Queen and govern the Kingdom as Regent for David's
appointed heir, Princess Lenore, who is still a childling.

Yet a fourth faction, calling itself the Lottery Faction,
maintains that a Royal Lottery should be held to determine a
new High King.

This situation has thrown the changeling population of
Concordia into chaos, leading some to threaten civil war as
various kingdoms see this as an opportunity to declare indepen-
dence from Concordia. Not the least of the
Meilge's domain, which has long harbored a res:
"Northern" based rule from Tara-Nar.

kingdoms is

tment for the

In the Kingdom of Witlows

Although Meilge holds sovereignty over the Kithain of
the Kingdom of Willows, in reality he relies heavily on his
appointed dukes, duchesses and lesser nobles to e:
thority in his name. Most of the nobles support Meilge, recog-
nizing his keen insights into the workings of the modern world.

ise au-

A few, however, harbor doubts about their liege's true motiva-
tions. Many Seelie nobles in the Kingdom of Willows believe
that their king possesses more than just a strong Unseelie
"streak"; they claim that not only has he gone completely over
to the Unseelie Court, but that he has strong ties with the
Shadow Court.

Particularly among the counties, where ambition and
intrigue run hot, many counts and countesses either secretly
plot against Meilge or else ignore him altogether, seeing his
tulership as irrelevant to their own unique problems. The
baronies, on the other hand, tend to support Meilge because of
his laissez-faire attitude toward them.

Indeed, despite his often autocratic bearing, Meilge allows
his vassal lords a great deal of leeway. Some believe the King of
Willows trusts those to whom he has delegated authority to act
without the need for constant attention from above. More
cynical nobles ascribe darker intentions to their sovereign's
actions, suspecting that Meilge does not care what transpires
within his domain as long as his own schemes bear fruit.

The truth of the matter lies somewhere in between and has
its source in the complex psyche of the king of Willow's Heart.

Policical Impulses

The same political impulses that exist within the Parlia-
ment of Dreams also have their proponents in the Kingdom of
Willows. In fact, most of the Seelie and Unseelie impulses
claim some portion of the Kithain population, as nobles and
commoners alike seek ways to express their desires for represen-
tation within the government of Concordia. The following
section offers an overview of the various political groupings in
the Kingdom of Willows.

Seelie Impulses

The majority of Southern Kithain ally themselves with the
Seelie Court and fall into one of the three major political
impulses associated with the Seelie fae. While it is simplistic to
say that any one region is dominated solely by a single political
impulse, some generalizations do describe certain regions bet-
ter than others. Most Southern fiefdoms contain at least a few
Kithain from each impulse. Even in the most Traditionalist
regions, hotbeds of Modernists and Reformists can be found.

Tradicionaliscs

Those Kithain who believe in the inherent right of sidhe
tulership fall within the Traditionalist impulse. In the King-
dom of Willows, which has a long history of rule by the
aristocracy of Southern planters, Traditionalists have a strong
power base. They are strongest in the fiefdoms of the Deep
South (Georgia, Mississippi and Alabama) and in the coastal
fiefs of Virginia and North and South Carolina. Many nobles
in Kentucky and Maryland also belong to the Traditionalists.
The majority of Southern sidhe belong to this group, along
with some trolls, boggans and a few nockers — the commoner
kith most likely to accept a highly stratified class system
without raising a stir.

Many Traditionalists consider themselves members of the
Morwenist or Regent's factions, feeling that the High King's
appointment of his wife as co-ruler has violated the natural order
ec Aciecubeubaarehy:

Reformers

The Reformers, who have adopted the principle of a consti-
tutional monarchy, believe that the best form of government for
the fae is one that relies on the cooperation between a monarch
and his subjects. Not surprisingly, Reformers have their strongest
contingencies in the fiefs nearest to Washington, D.C.; Baltimore,
Maryland; andRichmond, Virginia. Another Reformerbase exists
in the Duchy of the Ozarks, where the paucity of nobles necessi-
tates reliance on a good relationship with the commoner kith.

In general, members of Houses Liam and Scathach and a few
members of House Gwydion, as well asmany commoners ofall kith
support the Reformers. These changelings are also the ones most
likely to agree with the politics of High King David. Since his
disappearance, many Reformers now support the High Queen's
claim to the throne.

CDoderniscs

The Modemists have their political strongholds in the thriv-
ing new metropolitan regions of the South, such as Atlanta, the
Triangle region of North Carolina and the swiftly developing
cities of Knoxville, Chattanooga and Nashville, Tennessee. Many
of the fiefdoms near major Southern cities contains their share of
changelings who insist that the anachronisms of the sidhe-domi-
nated superstructure need updating to incorporate the realities of
a modern, technological society.

This impulse has the support of many commoners. Nockers,
sluagh, pooka, redcaps (the Seelie ones) and satyrs, in particular,
embrace the tenets of Modernism. Few sidhe outside House
Scathach hold Modernist views; the most notable exception to the
sidhe's inherent dislike of this faction is King Meilge himself. The
King of Willows realizes that the world will not revert to a pre-
technological age anytime soon, and that the fae must adapt to the
modern world or die.

Strangely enough, many Modernists support the Royalists
(Faerilyth's faction). Others, however, advocate the idea of a
Royal Lottery, feeling that the Dreaming knows best who
Concordia's ruler should be. Some secretly hope that sooner or
lateracommoner'sname will find its way into the lottery and bring
Concordia crashing into the present day.

Unseelie Impulses

While Unseelie Kithain remain a minority in the King-
dom of Willows (as they do throughout most of Concordia),
they do form a sometimes vocal "second party" among South-
ern Kithain. By definition, Unseelie fae do not support the
tenets of Seelie government. They hold different beliefs con-
cerning the importance of honor and the relationships of the
fae to the Dreaming and to the mortal world. Criticism of the
Parliament of Dreams and the government of Concordia runs
high in the Kingdom of Willows, and its Unseelie Kithain raise
the loudest voices raised in opposition.

Chapcer Three: Politics and Culcure

am,

oe

DVN THe

RRA

TAL VOD) POD

2)

RSS

i)
Rh,
A

SS)
Ry,
os

a)

<
—


\

As with the Seelie fae, political divisions demarcate subtle

shades of opinion among the Unseelie Kithain. On the whole,

Unseelie changelings see High King David's disappearance as an

opportunity, rather than the disaster it has been labeled by their

" p Seelie counterparts. After all, the belief that change is good forms
one of the major tenets of the Unseelie Code.

Puriscs (Tradicionaliscs)
Before the Shattering, Seelie and Unseelie nobles took
turns ruling faerie society. Purists among the Unseelie desire a
p return to this ancient form of dual government. Many South-
fs ern Purists support King Meilge, believing that the King of
Willows only claims membership in the Seelie Court. Some
members of this impulse feel that Meilge would make an ideal
"winter" king of Concordia. A few actually claim that High
> King David's disappearance was a voluntary withdrawal from
ry the political arena. According to them, High Queen Faerilyth
is secretly a member of the Unseelie Court and is now taking
her turn as leader of the fae.

Purists, like Seelie Traditionalists, tend to congregate in
areas of the Kingdom of Willows where belief in aristocratic
tulership is strongest. Unseelie sidhe tend to fall into this
political impulse, since it advocates the inherent supremacy of
the nobility. A few commoners support this impulse as well,
finding the idea of constant cycles of changing rulers appealing.

Repudiazors (Reformiscs)

The Unseelie who call themselves Repudiators believe
that fae society has languished under Seelie rule for too long.
Their goal is the complete overthrow of Seelie leadership.
They see this as the only way to realign a balance that has for
too long fallen on the side of the Seelie.

This isa popular position for Southern Unseelie change-
lings who believe that they can field a number of potential
candidates to rule as the Unseelie High King of Concordia.
<-> For them, the disappearance of the High King is a signal

from the Dreaming that the time has come for an Unseelie
takeover.

y

Southern Repudiators claim Meilge as one of their own

% (whether or not he claims membership in their faction).

©. Although they, like the Purists, would throw their support
im behind Meilge as High King, they do not delude themselves
\ into thinking that the King of Willows would ever give up
\, y absolute power once it fell into his hands. And that's the way

Bs they want it.
< Although Repudiators welcome commoners into their
f<~ faction, they relegate non-nobles to secondary positions, be-
4 lieving like the Purists that only the sidhe are fit to rule.
7 - :
= Anarchists

This impulse includes Unseelie changelings who simply
Hy wanta change in government regardless of what form it takes
[da = and who advocate chaos and destruction for its own sake. In the
Kingdom of Willows, Anarchists exist in the backwoods,
where any kind of government equates to meddlesome interfer-
ence, and in major Southern cities, where resentment against any

82 Kingdom of Witlows

We Res

}
4

ert


kind of authority iscommon. Anarchists greeted the news of High
King David's disappearance with a three-day celebration that
included riots and block parties and widespread Ravaging.

More commoners than sidhe belong to the Anarchist
impulse.

Ricualiscs

The most spiritually oriented of any of the fae, Seelie or
Unseelie, the Ritualists believe in observing the ancient faerie
practices — including all the festivals. Their firm espousal of
the principle that the kingis the land and that, periodically, the
king must sacrifice himself for the good of the land makes them
some of the most dangerous (and deadly) members of the
Unseelie Court.

The New Orleans area serves as the center of Ritualist
practices in the Kingdom of Willows, though smaller Ritu-
alist groups exist near Charleston, South Carolina and
Savannah, Georgia. Members of this impulse have ap-
proached King Meilge privately, encouraging him to depose
David and assume his position. They firmly (and correctly)
believe that Meilge arranged for David's disappearance.
They are eager to learn where Meilge has hidden the "king
of the old year" (as they now refer to David) so that they can
ritually sacrifice him for the continued prosperity of the land
he once ruled.

CDoderniscs

Unseelie Modernists hold many beliefs in common
with their Seelie counterparts. They, too, maintain that
changelings must stop hiding behind fake medievalism and
come to terms with the modern world. They just go a little
further than their Seelie cousins. Unseelie members of the
Modernist impulse go out of their way to court Banality,
reasoning that continued exposure will inure them to its
worst effects and make them better able to survive the
inevitable approach of Endless Winter.

Unseelie Modernists co-exist with their Seelie kin in
areas of the Kingdom of Willows where technology and
industry have gained a firm foothold. The Research Tri-
angle and the iron-rich lands near Birmingham, Alabama,
are prime territory for Unseelie Modernists. A few members
of this impulse have even opened up a freehold near Oak
Ridge, Tennessee.

By far, commoners make up the majority of Modernists,
although a few members of House Balor and some Unseelie
Scathach sidhe also belong to this impulse.

The Shadow Court

While the true Shadow Court carefully conceals its
presence in the Kingdom of Willows, most Unseelie change-
lings believe that this ultra-secret organization has at least
one of its headquarters within King Meilge's realm. Many
Unseelie fae feel certain that King Meilge belongs to the
Shadow Court's inner circle; others suspect that the Shadow
Court controls Meilge's actions though he, himself, remains
outside it.

A Southern Tuise

Growing dissatisfaction with centralized government
— which, among mortals, once found expression in the
movements for states' rights — has led many Southern
changelings to espouse the concept of minimalist rule.
Some intrepid fae have begun to whisper of declaring their
independence from Concordia, feeling that the need to
concentrate on their own local needs is worth the risk of
a second Accordance War.

While they have yet to comprise a formal political
impulse, the Separatists (as they are beginning to call
themselves) have slowly been gathering support among
changelings who feel left out of Concordia's government.
These rebel changelings argue that each kingdom within
Concordia has its own special needs and that no one
central monarch can possibly satisfy all those needs.

Many of them go even farther, claiming that the
Kingdom of Willows covers too much territory to be under
the rule of a single individual, no matter how astute. They
advocate regional rule, perhaps by individual duchy or
maybe through a council of dukes whose lands all face
common problems.

While rebellion tends to attract the Unseelie Court,
afew Seelie changelings also find themselves drawn to the
Separatist faction. They see no conflict in advocating
small, independent Kithain realms and following the
tenets of the Seelie Code.

Secret and Noc-So-Secrec Societies

Anumber of prominent southern Kithain belong to one or
more of the secret (and not terribly secret) societies that make
up the underbelly of changeling politics. Like "old-boy" clubs
and other forms of networking, membership in any of these
clandestine — or overt — organizations offers Kithain a built-
in group of supporters and allies, as well as certain social
advantages from gaining the right to establish a freehold to
earning a position in a local noble's court. While many secret
societies restrict their membership to the nobility, others admit
both commoners and nobles; a few secret societies made up
entirely of commoners also exist. See Nobles: the Shining
Host and The Shadow Court for more detailed information on
the societies described below.

Red Branch Knighzs

Personal honor ranks as one of the highest virtues for
Southern Kithain, and the Red Branch Knights epitomize
honor. Although most members of this group of oathbound
knights are nobles, a very few commoner knights have gained
admittance to this exclusive fellowship. Most Knights of the
Red Branch belong to the Traditionalist impulse, and almost
all of them are Seelie.

ChapcerThree:Polizics and Culcure


Berin O'Donnell, despite his Scathach lineage and osten-
sibly Unseelie mien, hasearneda well-deserved position within
this society of stalwart upholders of the chivalric code.

Belcaine Blade

One of the most secretive of secret societies, the Beltaine
Blade consists of sidhe nobles who wholeheartedly support
monarchic rule as the preferred form of fae government. Most
members of the Beltaine Blade consider High King David's
ympathies a sign of weakness. This society ref

es tO

rebog s claim to the High King's throne, seeing
her as merely a weaker extension of a weak king.

Members of the Beltaine Blade support the idea of a strong,
autoctatic ruler. Southern sidhe who belong to this society may
soon begin push to proffer Meilge asa suitable candidate for High

King, despite his Modernist views. In the Kingdom of Willows, the

society looks to Count Rual ap Gwydion, a staunch fae Tradition-

alist and political conservative, for leadership.

Rancers

GT iitstaoglecyrok cadicalkcommoners/consiste-ouiianl stot
n the
Highicriysnovedeympachydercommoners does nonextend te

Unseelie fae united by their hatred of the nobility. E

these destructive fae; he has outlawed the organization since
his discovery of its existence.

In the Kingdom of Willows, the Ranters enjoy freedom as
long as they confine themselves to the backwoods, mountains.
and bayous, where few can witness their rampant destruction.

Django Hillrunner, an eshu drummer with an Unseelie
changeling group of fusion-bluegrass musicians who reside in
the Duchy of Appalachia, belongs to one of the less violent
arms of this clandestine and illegal society. (See Rage Acre

Appalachia, a Regional Sourcebook for Werewolf: the Apo
ly
tion on the Cloudburst Black and Bluegrass Band and its gc

se, and Changeling: The Dreaming for additional inforn

s.)

Cacacomd Clud

Those commoner nobles who resent the forfeiture of
authority to the sidhe make up the majority of members of the
Catacomb Club. Southern members, in particular, resent the
perceived "intrusion" of the sidhe into a society that had
functioned well enough without them. Chiefly a "back-room"
political lobby, the Catacomb Club contains many titled
commoners who seek to increase their own political power and
further their ambitions. Members excel in appealing to their
commoner constituency, and are among the most vocal of the
commoner nobles in the Parliament of Dreams.

Most Southern changelings who belong to this society reside
in areas where the sidhe still struggle to secure a solid hold on the
Kithain population, such as the Duchy of Appalachia, the Duchy
of the Ozarks and numerous smaller fiefdoms. Most of these
commoner nobles exhibit Reformist politics, although a few
Modernistshold positionsin thiselite. Appalachia's CountBjorno,

Satacomb Club as a means of

a troll, sees his membership in the

achieving justice for commoners rather than for exercising per-

sonal gain. Unfortunately, he is the exception to the rule.

84 Kingdom of Witlows

i — —— 2 ge Ses aa ge ~ — gn = = VQ


Cryscal Circle

Less a political organization than a special-interest group,
the Crystal Circle brings together the most talented of fae
sorcerers whose interests lie in exploring the furthest reaches of
the Dreaming. Although regionalism has less bearing on this
cabal than on many other clandestine groups, a few Southern
members of the Crystal Circle maintain that the Dreaming in
the South retains a closer attachment to Arcadia than in most
other parts of Concordia.

Members belong to all political impulses and both Courts,
although Seelie sorcerers predominate. In the Kingdom of
Willows, the Crystal Circle seeks to investigate the high
incidence of "haints" (haunts) and other areas that are highly
magical. Recent interest among newagers in the many ley-lines
that criss-cross the Southern mountains has caused widespread
concern among members of the Circle who fear that too much
mortal intrusion will wreck these possible remnants of lost
faerie places of power.

Elena, Duchess of the Southern Coast, once participated
heavily in the group's experiments and expeditions; rumors
abound that her current reclusive existence within her free-
hold masks her latest attempt to explore the Far Dreaming.

Cazs Cradle

The noblewomen who make up the membership of the
Cat's Cradle have taken the art of subtle political manipulation
tonew heights. The Cat's Cradle crosses all political spectrums
of both Seelie and Unseelie Courts. Its members believe that by
working carefully behind the scenes, they can ensure the long-
term survival of the fae.

Within the Kingdom of Willows, the Cat's Cradle reflects
the insight long held by most Southern women: true power
resides in the ability to influence its overt wielders. While the
extent of its membership is a closely guarded secret, members.
of the Cat's Cradle reside in nearly every fiefdom of Meilge's
Kingdom. Among its most prestigious members are Igrania, the
self-appointed Duchess of Magnolia's Home, Duchess Elena-
Anastasia Nicolenskya and High Queen Faerilyth.

(Donkeys Paw

This ultra-secret society of fae assassins and spies-for-hire
has a strong membership in the Kingdom of Willows. Primarily
composed of commoners, the Monkey's Paw also includes a few
renegade Scathach sidhe and several members of the three
Unseelie houses. Many changeling nobles, both sidhe and
titled commoners, avail themselves of the Monkey's Paw's
expertise in wetwork and covert activities without realizing
that their employees also pursue their own agendas.

King Meilge's spymaster, the sluagh Riel, holds a position
of power within this organization — a fact which has serious
implications for the security of the Kingdom of Willows.

Golden Sickle

Many Modernists (both Seelie and Unseelie) belong to
this progressive organization, that advocates the acquisition of
influence and wealth in the mortal sphere. Members of the

Tie)

AANA NA

Sickle seek to master technology and overcome the inherent
Banality of the modern world. In the Kingdom of Willows,
membership is strongest in the South's urban areas and in the
Duchy of the Triangle.

Acknowledged by the Golden Sickle as their leader, King
Meilge embodies the calculating shrewdness and canny busi-
ness sense so admired by the group's membership. Both com-
moners and nobles belong to the Golden Sickle, since it
emphasizes material success rather than birth or lineage.

Knighzs of che Cold Wazch

This cadre of Unseelie nobles preserve their memories of
the dark "things" that came through the Mists from Arcadia
during the Resurgence. Though most nobles have forgotten
these horrors, the Knights of the Cold Watch spend their time
scouring the mortal world and the Near Dreaming for traces of
these creatures.

Some Southern members of the Cold Watch believe that
the bayous of Louisiana and the deep woodlands of Appalachia
and the Ozarks harbor enclaves of these frightening beings.

Appalachia's Duchess Dianan remembers her own en-
counters with monsters during her passage from Arcadia into
the mortal world. Despite her Seelie nature, she supports the
work of the Knights of the Cold Watch and extends her
hospitality to them whenever they pass through her lands.

Pilgrims of the Brighc Road

Primarily made up of Unseelie Ritualists, this secret orga-
nization seeks communion with the realms of the dead and
dedicates itself to the exploration of the Dark Dreaming. The
Pilgrims of the Bright Road enjoy a strong following in the area
around New Orleans and in other parts of the Kingdom of
Willows where old "superstitions" and the belief in spiritualism
still hold the imagination of the locals.

Lisette Levay, Unseelie duchess and the self-styled Voo-
doo Queen of New Orleans, holds a high position among the
Pilgrims, and many flock to her holding during Mardi Gras for
an annual ritual of reaffirmation of their tenets.

Children's Crusade

Composed of Unseelie childlings and wilders drawn pri-
marily from the ranks of redcaps, satyrs and sluagh, this organi-
zation of assassins reportedly serves the goals of the Shadow
Court. While the Children's Crusade has a relatively small
membership and a rapid turnover rate (due to the swiftness
with which Banality claims its most active members), it has
members throughout all of Concordia. Several "Crusaders"
reside within the Kingdom of Willows, including "King" Jasper
the Wicked, the satyr ward of Baltimore's Duchess Elena-
Anastasia Nicolenskya.

Souchern Cross

Originating in the Kingdom of Willows just after the
Accordance War, this secret society consists entirely of South-
ern fae who resent being ruled by "Yankee" sidhe from the
North (i-e., Concordia). Adopting many of the terrorist tactics

85

Chapcer Three: Politics and Culcure

SY


ao

Ly, A

la

hi

OSS

Le 2

vy

SS)

Pai
Ve

eS

of the Ku Klux Klan, including the burning of chimerical
crosses on the lawns of freeholds known to house staunch
supporters of the High King, these changeling vigilantes
seek to precipitate nothing short of a civil war within
Concordia. A few moderate members of this group prefer to
gain their objectives through the politics of persuasion
rather than terror, but they are the minority.

Attracting the extremist members of the Separatist
impulse, the Southern Cross advocates the immediate and
violent overthrow of the Parliament of Dreams and an end
to Northern "occupation." They reportedly maintain a list
of "undesirables" among the Kithain, discriminating against
any fae born outside of the Kingdom of Willows. Though
theoretically open to all sympathizers, regardless of kith or
status, in reality the majority of their members come from
the Unseelie Court. Rumors persist that the Shadow Court
pulls the strings of this organization, using it to disrupt the
internal affairs of Concordia by fostering the idea of the
decentralization of Kithain society.

Duke Florian of House Ailil, the ruler of Graceland, is
the unconfirmed leader of the Southern Cross. Other strong-
holds for this group exist within the Duchy of Appalachia,
the Duchy of Cotton and the Duchy of the Ozarks. In
general, they have a following wherever there is a history of
rebellion against authority.

Children of Annihilacion

This secret and extremely radical organization presents
one of the most dangerous threats to changeling society
since the advent of the Sundering. Composed exclusively of
Unseelie extremists — many of them from the Modernist
and Anarchist impulses — the Children of Annihilation
work toward the total eradication of the Seelie Court.

Their reasoning is simple, albeit warped. Believing that
only Unseelie ruthlessness can survive the onset of Endless
Winter, they seek to cull the weaklings (i.e., the Seelie fae)
from the fold. They also perceive that, since Glamour is

dwindling from the mortal world at an alarming rate, Banal-
ity will eventually supplant it as the sustenance of the fae.
To this end, members of the Children of Annihilation
deliberately court Banality, trying to render themselves
immune (or at least resistant) to its effects.

Tactics practiced by the Children of Annihilation in-
clude the deliberate murder of Seelie fae; the use of cold iron
weapons in these assassinations effectively removes these
changelings forever from the Dreaming. More subtle tactics
involve seeding Seelie freeholds with objects made of cold
iron and kidnapping Seelie childlings in order to convert
them.

One of the most fanatic of its members, Gadiel of House
Balor, resides within the Kingdom of Willows, in a recently
constructed freehold near Oak Ridge, Tennessee, the site of
early research on the atomic bomb. Whether or not they are
completely mad, members of this group cause terror and
havoc wherever they implement one of their raids.


pelea

Policics — Souchern Szyle
The phrase "Southern politician" conjures up the image of a paternalistic, cigar-smoking, smooth-tongued master of the
political filibuster and back-room bureaucracy. Although the South's political machine still holds its share of Jesse Helms
and Strom Thurmond clones, these members of the "old guard" comprise a relatively small segment of the region's public
servants. The South is changing, developing a new awareness of itself as part of a larger whole. In the latter half of the 20th
century, the South has begun to improve its race relations, to open itself to alternative lifestyles and to appreciate the political
power of women.

Its political representation now reflects its growing diversity. The presidencies of Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton, both
of them born below the Mason-Dixon Line, have dramatically demonstrated the new Southern awareness. Blacks and
women have claimed their rightful share of political power in all levels of government in the South, from local positions on
city councils to mayorships and positions in Congress.

Although the South remains a hotbed of political conservatism and a staunch enclave for Republicans and conservative
Democrats, it also contains its share of liberals. Party-switching is common in the South, as individual politicians owe less
loyalty to partisan politics than to their own particular beliefs.

Southern political practices maintain many traditions; the concepts of trading a favor for a favor and greasing the wheels
in one area to gain great returns in another are standard practice in the South. Corruption and payoffs are still much in
evidence. Mastery of the political lobby is also the province of many Southern politicians; the efforts of the tobacco lobby
and the supporters of clear-cutting and the deregulation of businesses bear witness to the effectiveness of special interest blocs
in the South.

Modern political thinkers still struggle to overcome the fear (unfortunately justified) that many Southerners have that
the South will lose its seniority in certain national committees if veteran incumbents are defeated, Which, incidentally, goes
a long way toward explaining the continued re-election of Jesse Helms and Strom Thurmond. Despite growing opposition
to these veterans' ultra-right-wing stances, many otherwise moderate voters fear the loss of their political clout. Southerners
desire to retain as much power in the halls of Congress as they can — even if it means forestalling their entry into the 20th
century to do so.

The cult of personality remains a powerful influence in Southern voting patterns. Many voters in the South choose the
person rather than the party, believing that political platforms mean less than personal honor or charisma. Although the
myth of the "Southern politician" persists, other political archetypes are beginning to displace it.

The politics of Southern changelings likewise reflects an increased diversification. Younger sidhe have begun to rise to
power in the Kingdom of Willows, and their attitudes are a far cry from the authoritarian and autocratic practices of the
Resurgent generation of nobles. Commoners who are politically active tend to mirror the changes taking place in the mortal
arena. Many whisper that the Cat's Cradle has been instrumental in encouraging the rise of progressive changelings to
positions of power within the Kingdom of Willows. On the other hand, the Modernist views of King Meilge have also contributed
toa changing of the faerie guard.

Shattering Kithain society already lay in place. Sidhe nobles

Cutlcure

The social life of the Kingdom of Willows combines aspects
of post-Resurgence Kithain customs with traditions that present a
distinctly southern perspective. In many parts of the South,
Kithain society during the Interregnum reflected the quasi-feudal,
land-based structure of planter society. Although the Civil War
and the post-war Reconstruction led to the industrialization and
modernization of the South in the mortal world, many Southern
Kithain retained vestiges of the old structure within their chimeri-
cal society. Commoner nobles held major freeholds and served as
points of stability and order; other commoners served as vassals to
these de facto nobles, or else made do with small holdings in the
hinterlands and backwoods.

The Resurgence brought about a change in leadership
among Southern Kithain but did not cause as much social
disruption in the South as in some other regions. The founda-
tions for the re-imposition of the medieval trappings of pre-

co-opted many of the larger freeholds after the Accordance
War, and the Kingdom of Willows was able to take advantage
of a population of changelings already conditioned to accept
the presence of a landed aristocracy.

Honor

In the antebellum South, as in medieval Europe, honor
served to distinguish gentlemen of high regard from men of low
degree. The white male aristocracy of the South did not
attribute honor to women, slaves or lower-class white males.
Women possessed virtue, while slaves and white men who did
not belong to the landed gentry were either good or bad; honor
did not apply to these three subclasses of Southern society.

Southern Kithain society still places a high value on the
concept of honor, though it now governs the behavior of both
sexes and all kith. The code of chivalry and the Seelie Code
delineate the boundaries of honorable behavior for Kithain

ChapcerThree:Policics and Culcure 87


(SSH

N
WR

RNR

AGRE:

Lx.

CY

z

society in general, but in the Kingdom of Willows, certain
activities define "honor" in a peculiarly Southern fashion.

Duels

Among Southern Kithain, dueling serves as a means of
settling disputes that affect a changeling's personal honor or
status. While some parts of Concordia frown on duels except
under formal conditions such as during tournaments or asa part
of the jus: em, in Meilge's realm the duel enjoys not only
official sanction but also immense popularity as a regional
pastime.

ic

Duels come in many forms and serve many purposes in
the Kingdom of Willows. They need not even take pl
have their intended effect. Any duel can be averted by a
formal apology, in which the Kithain tendering the apology
effectively concedes the victory to her opponent.

to

At the heart of every duel, however, is the premise that
one member needs to assert his or her superiority over the
other. Societies without hierarchies or status have no need
for duels.

¢ Formal Duels — Sanctioned by a freehold lord, these
combats settle disputes between noble changelings, usually
of equal status. Occasionally, a lesser noble may issue a
formal challenge to a superior (usually not his liege). The
higher-ranking noble always has the option of refusing the
duel without loss of honor; in most cases, however, a noble
rarely stands down from a test of his personal honor.

Formal duels take place when the court that houses the
participants formally convenes; if the duelists come from
different freeholds, a neutral holding usually serves as the
venue for the duel so as not to offer either party the "home
court" advantage. Common causes for formal duels include
grievous insult to a noble's personal honor, publicly casting
aspersion upon. a noble's status within Kithain society, or
accusing a noble of violating some portion of the Escheat.

Chimerica
for formal duels
usually conside

swords or pistols are the weapons of choice
ng weapons that cause physical harm is
d bad taste unless the pre-duel agreement
stipulates such weapons and their use receives the approval

of the noble in charge of overseeing the duel.

© Personal Challenges — These duels make up the
majority of contests between noble Kithain. Issued any time
one noble feels insulted or injured by another, personal
challenges usually occur at a time and place agreed upon by
the participants ("Meet me by the stand of poplars at dawn
"). Most duels of this nature involve only the
principals and their seconds, and often take place without

tomorrow

the knowledge of the local fief-holder. While problems
arising from romantic entanglements usually result in a
personal challenge, affairs of the heart occasionally achieve
enough notoriety to warrant settlement through a formal
duel.

As in formal duels, personal challenges usually involve
chimerical swords or pistols. Since personal challenges do


not receive the same scrutiny as formal duels, serious com-
batants sometimes resort to real weapons; in those cases,
duels are usually fought to "first blood."

© Commoner Duels — Duels fought between common-
ers serve the same purposes as nobles' duels; they restore lost
status, reassert lost honor or settle disputes. While fewer
formal trappings surround such altercations, commoner du-
els enjoy a higher status than barroom brawls or common fist
fights. Usually, one of the participants issues a formal chal-
lenge ("Step outside and let's settle this right here and now!").
If the one challenged accepts, the "formalities" usually give
way immediately to the duel itself. On occasion, a duel
between commoner changelings becomes as involved and
complicated as either a formal duel or a personal challenge.

Commoner duels arise over anything from a minor
insult to a serious defamation of character. These duels
sometimes involve chimerical swords or pistols; more often,
duelists wield knives or else battle hand-to-hand. Wrestling
bouts are common.

¢ Verbal Duels — Not all duels involve weapons or the
physical exchange of blows. While the art of dueling with
words and gestures sometimes serves as the prelude to a
physical contest, caustic verbal exchanges more often be-
come duels in and of themselves. Usually conducted in
public, these confrontations use innuendo, veiled insults,
provocative language and outright dares to either force an
opponent to overstep the bounds of propriety in front of an
audience or to reduce one member of the dueling pair to
impotent silence. The preferred form of dueling for change-
lings unaccustomed to using weapons, verbal duels also take
place between combat-savvy nobles or commoners who find
themselves in situations where physical duels are either
inconvenient or inappropriate.

Most verbal duels take place during parties, at court or
at other social gatherings of Kithain. Winners are decided
either by the consensus of spectators or else by the with-
drawal of one of the parties from the conversation, thus
"surrendering" the field of battle to her opponent.

Occasionally, verbal duels consist of less subtle word
battles. Name-calling displays between nockers, lying con-
tests among pooka or storytelling duels involving eshu serve
the same purpose and often provide more entertainment for
spectators than the subtleties of noble discourse.

* Social Duels — Perhaps the most arcane and subtle
form of duel is the social duel. Rather than taking up
weapons against one another, two changelings may sched-
ule social events such as parties or appointments opposite
one another, inviting the same guests. The victory goes to
the changeling with the greatest attendance at her event.
Social one-upsmanship can take other forms as well: rivals
attending the same social function may try to outdo one
another in dress or in the value of a hostess gift ("Oh, yes, I
understand those handmade soaps were on sale the other day.").
Horse races, business deals, poker games and any number of
other potentially competitive activities may mask social

duels. In some cases, one participant may not even be
aware of the duel until she realizes that she has just "lost"
face or honor.

Gifcs

The custom of gift-giving, while not exclusively the pre-
rogative of Southern Kithain, reaches epic proportions in the
Kingdom of Willows, comprising a language of bestowal and
acknowledgment of status all to itself. Similar to the potlatch
ceremonies of some Native American tribes, the object of
giving gifts lies in forcing the recipient of the gift to acknowl-
edge the giver's superiority or to establish oneself as the equal
of the person being gifted.

When one changeling goes "calling" on another, she
customarily brings a gift to her hostess. This present not only
expresses the guest's gratitude for the invitation, it also asserts
the visitor's status as the equal of her host despite her "inferior"
status as invitee.

For a changeling to accept a gift without offering some-
thing in return equates to the tacit assumption of the giver's
superior status. Many status-hungry Kithain refuse to allow
reciprocation of gifts, preferring to force the admission of their
higher status as unchallenged givers. (This is yet another form
of social duel.)

While many changelings are simply displaying their generous
natures, others use largesse as a weapon to place others in their debt
or to approve their social standing. Nobles are expected to main-
tain their good name and reputation by giving gifts to their vassals,
thus reinforcing their superior standing in society.

Souchern CDanners

Southern Kithain have also perfected the art of politeness,
turning the forms of civil behavior into a carefully orchestrated
panorama of power politics. From the first tip of the hat and
"Good day, ma'am' to the final "Y'all take care, y'hear?" and its
accompanying farewell bow, Kithain manners in the Kingdom
of Willows reflect a constant jockeying for social prestige —
the demonstration of superiority over one's inferiors.

When feminists in the 1970s insisted on opening doors
and carrying packages for themselves, they weren't just "whis-
tling Dixie" by aping male manners; instead, they were co-
opting the language of the dominant class (in this case, males)
and, by doing so, placing themselves on an equal footing with
members of that class.

The Kithain of the Kingdom of Willows still speak that
language of dominance and submission, a subtlety often lost on
changelings visiting from outside the kingdom. Like the be-
stowing of gifts, exchanges of polite behavior provide change-
lings with a forum for a symbolic discussion of status.

The vocabulary of manners is a complex and often confus-
ing one. A changeling who holds a door for another changeling
may, by that simple action, concede the other's right of prece-
dence or, conversely, demonstrate her own power to control
the other's access to the doorway. Politeness in speech may be
a sign of deference or an exaggerated form of condescension.

89

Chapzer Three: Politics and Culcure

OH

<<"

WS

ARR)

SS

YS


Ex

Many Southern Kithain use the language of manners to
put others in their place — usually an inferior one.

Souchern Hospicalicy,
Changeling Scyle Keecivale

The Kithain of the Kingdom of Willows observe all the
major and most of the minor changeling holidays and festivals.
Inaddition, Southern changelings have their own celebrations
that serve as occasions for celebrating the Dreaming and
providing opportunities for gathering Glamour.

> 4)
®

SK

The American South has a reputation for "South-
ern hospitality" that goes above and beyond the normal
realms of politeness and friendliness. The same holds
true for the Kithain of the Kingdom of Willows. The
warmth and welcome extended to visitors from outside

1S

. sy) Meilge's domain is legendary. Cocillions (Saining Ceremonies)
) What many Kithain outsiders don't understand is Like the coming-of-age parties that introduce debutantes
KAN that the locals are actually wielding the double-edged |} into the social whirl, Kithain cotillions celebrate the Saining
(4 sword of hospitality in order to assert their territorial or acknowledgment of new changelings as full-fledged mem-

‘e 5) rights over "foreign intrusion. bers of fae society. Throughout much of the Kingdom of
Sy Southern nobles who open their freeholds to visit- Willows, grand balls take place once a year in each fief; at these
\% ing changelings emphasize by their actions that they are |] parties, newly discovered Kithain who have undergone their
w the ones who can provide shelter and accommodations. period of acclimation are presented to changeling society.

Sy Commoners who go out of their way to act as guides for Usually held in May and June, concurrent with the debu-
\B resources it has to offer. from extremely formal affairs that introduce new sidhe to less
(A While many fae in the South are simply anxious to fancy parties in smaller or commoner-held freeholds.

S please and gracious to a fault, some knowingly exercise

NUS

their skills at manipulation and politesse to finesse|] LDerdy Day and che Preakness Ball

visiting Kithain. On the first Saturday in May, the Duchy of Blue Grasses
holds its own special affair. Kithain from all over the Kingdom

WN RE TOI Oa ODO SOT = = =

of Willows, particularly those who follow the horses, gather at
Churchill Downs to celebrate the running of the Kentucky
Derby. Afterwards, Duke Araby holds an "open freehold" at his
estate, where the chimerical Bluegrass Derby takes place in the
Near Dreaming and showcases the latest crop of faerie steeds.

Two weeks later, in the Duchy of Chesapeake, the same
"horsy" crowd of Kithain travel to Baltimore's Pimlico Race-
track for the running of the Preakness. They adjourn to the
freehold of Duchess Elena-Anastasia for her annual Preakness
Ball and Derby. Once again, faerie mounts challenge one
another ina course specially maintained in the Near Dreaming,

Funerals

Southern changelings, unlike many other Kithain, take
great delight in funerals. Elaborate memorial services and
wakes provide occasions for changelings to congregate socially
and remember their lost comrade's connections to the Dream-
ing. These ceremonies often serve as rich sources of Glamour
from the impassioned speeches and eloquent eulogies deliv-
ered. In addition, many Kithain who attend changeling funer-
als and wakes find themselves reacquiring lost memories of past
lives, either in the mortal world or in Arcadia. (At the
Storyteller's discretion, a changeling character may receive a
beginning dot in Remembrance or increase her current rating
through participation in the final rites of achangeling's passage
into the Dreaming.)

The Duchy of New Orleans holds the unchallenged title of
the Funeral Capital of Concordia. Duchess Lisette provides all
her subjects upon their "passing" with a spectacular send-off in
the form of a New Orleans-style funeral, complete with
Dixieland band and professional mourners. Some changelings
petition the self-styled Voodoo Queen of New Orleans for
permission to hold their funerals in her fief.

Despite the usual tendency of the sidhe to sidestep funerals
and ignore the outward acknowledgments of their own even-
tual demise, many Southern sidhe not only attend changeling
funerals on a regular basis but also arrange for their own wakes,
believing that they will be reborn again in the Kingdom of
Willows. ("Better to be born a commoner in the Southern Dreaming
than a noble in the cold Yankee lands.")

Ocher Fescivals

Throughout the Kingdom of Willows, regional festivals
and celebrations provide occasions for changelings to get
together and express their creative talents or to just revel in
their fae natures. Parties built around sporting events, such as
collegiate football and professional stock car racing, draw many
commoner fae to tailgate parties, chimerical auto races and
monster-truck rallies in the Near Dreaming. The recent Olym-
pic celebration in Atlanta provided King Meilge with a stellar
opportunity to host a round of parties in and around Willow's
Heart, thus adding to his status as a magnanimous host and a
lavish bestower of gifts.

Local celebrations observed by Kithain in the Kingdom of
Willows provide Southern changelings with a steady round of
festivities. The annual Storytelling Festival in Jonesborough,
Tennessee; the Spoleto Festival in Charleston; and the Gullah
Festival in Beaufort, South Carolina, honor the traditional
arts, crafts and culture of their regions. Commissioning Week
in Annapolis, Maryland, serves as an occasion for conferring
knighthood on eligible sidhe in nearby fiefdoms. Many South-
ern states hold Highland or Celtic festivals that also draw large
numbers of noble and commoner changelings. Renaissance
Festivals have sprung up all over the South as well, usually held
for several weeks in a row during the summer. Many change-
lings find employment at such festivals, while others simply
enjoy them. Some even hire themselves out as jousters to settle
disputes, combining the joy of dueling with the pleasure of the

environment.
Thac Old-Time Religion
Sociologists often refer to the South as the Bible Belt,

and religion has historically played a key role in the
development of Southern culture and mores. From its
early beginnings as a refuge for religious dissenters, both
Catholic and Protestant, to its current status as the center
of evangelical fundamentalism, the South has held reli-
gion close to its heart.

Besides its sizable Protestant base, parts of the South
also host other branches of Christianity. Black churches,
particularly in the Deep South, have served as the spiri-
tual underpinning of the civil rights movement. In Ten-
nessee and North Carolina, charismatic sects of snake
handlers and faith healers proliferate. The experience of
religion as performance art lives in tent revivals, funda-
mentalist crusades and black and white gospel music
concerts.

YOATO

RX

SHLOs

Non-Christian religions also have strongholds in
various parts of the South. In New Orleans and the lower
South, voudon and obeah minister to many Southerners
of African or Caribbean descent. Sizable Jewish and
Muslim communities exist in Southern urban centers,
while small enclaves of Sufis and Ba'hai prosper in such
unlikely places as the Appalachian mountains.

Many Kithain in the Kingdom of Willows adhere to
some form of religious practice, particularly in their mor-
tal lives. In some social classes, to do otherwise would be
to court suspicion or, at the very least, gain a reputation
for having a dubious moral character. Then again, some
Kithain just enjoy the pageantry.



Sox
pe

o

American by birth; Southern by the Grace of God

— popular bumper

The many Kithain of the Kingdom of Willows — King
Meilge and the members of his court, the dukes and duch-
esses who serve him and other notable nobles and common-
ers in the Kingdom — are detailed here. The presence of the
Unseelie and the workings of the Shadow Court within the
aled. Rather than listing hundreds of

domain are also re

stats, these biographies focus on who the changelings are,
and their dreams, where they can be found, what their
connections to one another are and (in some cases) how
each fits into a Kingdom of Willows chronicle or the
ongoing storyline that begins with this book.

Why so many Kithain? Because in many ways, the
stories of their lives tells more about the kingdom than can
geographical details or discussions of culture. Too often,
the people and places of the South are stereotyped in the
minds of others; towns look like the movie set for To Kill a

sticker in the South

Mockingbird, rural life resembles Mayberry RFD, the people
are all natives of the region, Southerners are just ignorant
inbred hillbillies and rednecks or else Uncle Tom blacks
Surprise— they aren't. The South, not the North, is the
cradle of the civil rights movement, and major cities like
Atlanta face problems (drugs, poverty, traffic snarls and
crime) that are akin to that in cities like New York and
Chicago. Rural communities, at least the really poor ones,
showcase a few acres of land covered with rundown, kudzu-
covered trailers, not dilapidated farm houses. The changing
face of the New South is, therefore, best understood by a
look at the faces of the changing region.

Because the Kingdom of Willows encompasses 10 states,
this is by no means an exhaustive list. Storytellers should
create as many barons, countesses, commoners and such as
they want to fill out the kingdom.

ChapcerFour: Kichain of the Kingdom

Sa

Fei

?

>

SSNS

Q

LRA

(Uillowis Hearc

CDeilge of House Cituned

King of Witlows, Ruler of Willows Hearc

Exiled along with his house from the Dreaming, Meilge of

House Eiluned entered the body of a young teenager when he
crossed into the mundane world. His host body was strong,
well-formed and handsome, with golden-blond hair and sky-
blue eyes. After all, as a royal prince among the Eiluned (one
of the few details of his life in Arcadia he remembers), he
deserved the best. A staunch traditionalist, he served as a
captain in the Accordance War, harrying commoners with
both blade and cantrip. Part of the sidhe army, he fought across
the breadth of the continent, until reaching New York. Near
the end of the war, a band of commoners captured Meilge,
wounding him across the forehead and blinding his left eye
with a blade of cold iron. They wasted no healing on him. The
band hoped to trade him for several of their own compatriots
captured by the sidhe. During the captivity that followed, as he
sought to escape, an overzealous guard threw acid in Meilge's
face, thus scarring him both in his faerie mien and his mortal
seeming. This time, one of his captors had enough compassion
to save his eyesight. At the end of the war, a few weeks later,
they released him.

Worse than the scarring of his visage, Meilge's psyche and
soul were marked by his experiences of the war. While he still
thought the sidhe superior and believed in their right to rule,
he now had great respect for the modern weapons and methods
of commoners. Their ruthless treatment of him forever cured
him of any romantic notions of chivalry or honor he might
have held, and their sheer numbers taught him that he would
need to win the commoners' support if he was ever to rule

94 Kingdom oF Witlows

Ro > SSPE IRE pea PAG

without the constant fear of assassination. More than that, he
now knew they respected strength and ability, not bloodline.
Though he loathed commoners even more for what they had
done to him, Meilge coldly reasoned that he would need their
willing support if he were ever to achieve a position from which
he could exact his revenge.

While Meilge had always evinced the Eiluned tendency
toward intrigue, he now fully embraced his Unseelie side.
Hating High King David and Queen Mab for not ransoming
him, he refused to take the small freehold offered him in New
York. Instead he returned to the Atlanta area where he had
claimed a freehold before the Shattering. Meilge remembered
he had once held lands there, but recalled nothing else about
that time. The wily Eiluned hid his Unseelie nature beneath a
show of Seelie traditionalism and asserted his right to his old
holding to Barabas (the Eiluned king of the area and Meilge's
distant cousin). Granted his freehold, which lay south of
Atlanta, Meilge became once again the Duke of Summerstree.
In return, since Meilge had served in the Accordance War,
King Barabas asked Meilge to become general of the royal
troops. Meilge agreed.

Meilge soon discovered that he was barely tolerated by the
other sidhe (or the more important commoners) in the area—
ironically because he lacked the right pedigree. As a supposed
"Northerner," he was seen in the South as little better than a
carpetbagger. Further, gentlemen in the South were expected
to conform to certain social conventions. Among thes
having the good taste to adhere toa polite and acceptable mask,
an outward show of good manners, bravery, bonhomie and the
appearance of conformity and success. Whether or not people
were actually like that, they were expected to act and look as
if they were. Meilge, with his morose, withdrawn manner and
the terrible scars on his face, lacked the correct "mask."

was

Determined to force others to accept him, Meilge crossed
the final line. Utilizing his freehold as a base, Meilg
gathered around himself a criminal empire designed to make
him wealthy beyond imagining, reasoning that his social "bet-
ters" couldn't argue with what money could buy. He commis-
sioned Murdoch of House Dougal, a noted inventor and crafter

oon

of chimera, to create a mask for him — a mask that would hide
his scars. Murdoch crafted something far better than he in-
tended; he created one of the great treasures of the modern age:
an alabaster and gold half-mask that hides Meilge's true inten-
tions along with his facial scars.

Soon after donning the mask, Meilge found acceptance,
even admiration, among the fae of the area. The king took him
into his privy court and relied on Meilge's astute political
insightand diplomacy. Meilge was particularly adept at smooth-
ing relations between nobles and disgruntled commoners and
in gaining prestige (and building up a stock of favors owed to
him) as he settled disputes. Meilge found that his miask allowed
him to project the appearance of sympathy, fairness, respect for
others, and friendliness — all without in fact feeling those
emotions or actually having those qualities. The commoners
came to trust, then love this noble who embodied enough


traditional values to be colorful, yet enthusiastically supported
change and modern ideas as well. Meilge was at the center of
a burgeoning personality cult.

Hidden from the Seelie fae, however, Meilge continued to
weave his web of criminal activities and build a base of power
for himself. Using his criminal wealth, he bought a fanatically
loyal personal guard. Finally, he discreetly contacted some
local Unseelie and joined the true Shadow Court. For their
part, they were delighted that someone as important as Meilge
now swore allegiance to them; Meilge merely saw them as one
more group to use to his own advantage.

King Barabas was an unjust and unpopular ruler. From the
time he took the Kingdom of Willows by force during the
Accordance War until his death in 1990 during a commoner
revolt, Barabas' whimsical cruelty wrecked the kingdom. The
revolt led to a direct assault on the king's freehold, an attack
that ended in a stalemate. Under a flag of truce, a parley was
called to discuss the commoners' grievances. As always, Meilge
was called in to mediate. Tensions were high, and the parley
was more disorganized than usual. In the confusion, a fight
started that ended in the death of King Barabas.

Popularas he was with both the sidhe and commoners, Meilge
was proclaimed king by Royal Lottery. Many outside the kingdom
(and a few within it) suspected Meilge had somehow used his
connection to the commoners to instigate Barabas' death.

Just as many Kithain were glad that such a stalwart mon-
arch was ready to step in and take over and didn't care if Meilge
had arranged things; at least they were rid of Barabas. Meilge
proclaimed his innocence, even going so far with propriety as
to shut himself away for a week to mourn his cousin. Kithain
empowered to use cantrips to see if Meilge spoke the truth
found that he was not lying. The killer was never apprehended.
With the evidence of Meilge's innocence in hand, High King
David confirmed the Eiluned noble's right to rule the Kingdom
of Willows as the heir chosen by lottery.

Withina year of Barabas' death, Meilge had his predecessor's
graceful home torn down and established his court in a gleam-
ing, opulent glass high-rise.

Operating from the heart of Atlanta's business district,
Meilge acts as the godfather of a vast crime ring, conducts
Shadow Court business and rules his kingdom. Many of his
subjects wonder at the continued spiritual decline of the
Kingdom but cannot argue with Atlanta's financial success.

Meilge is constantly attended by his personal guard, a
cadre comprising trolls, Scathach knights, a few redcaps, a
sluagh spymaster and younger Eiluned knights-in-training.
Fanatically loyal, the guard combines muscle and ferocity with
guile and sorcery. Coupled with the Scathach's legendary
ability to withstand Banality, these abilities make them a potent
force. The only time the ruler of Willows is without his guard is
while he sleeps; then, they guard all approaches to his chambers.

Though he is constantly wary of assassins (a paranoia left
over from the Accordance War), Meilge hardly needs his guard
when within his holding of Willow's Heart. Most of his subjects
view him with admiration, if not outright love. Only those

outside his sphere of influence have any sort of clear vision of
what Meilge is really up to. Some suspect him of wrongdoing
because Eiluned are rarely trusted; others see the rampant
crime in Atlanta and the fractiousness of Meilge's duchies as
signs that something is wrong. Many rumors circulate, but no
proof has ever emerged concerning his criminal activities, his
supposed ties to the Shadow Court or the murders he is said to
have committed or paid others to perform. Many other king-
doms associate corruption with Meilge's kingdom, but nothing
has been proved.

Meilge excels at intrigue and deception, but rarely reveals
his perfidy to anyone else. He has cultivated the facade of a
Southern gentleman, always well-spoken and polite (even
when he is undergoing his periodic depressions), forever ex-
tending favors to others and always ready to bravely defend his
honor (though almost no one has the temerity to challenge his
good name anymore). While his sword work is not legendary,
he is accounted an excellent strategist. His abilities in acting
are almost good enough to fool everyone, even without his
mask. Though rarely betraying such skill in Glamour, Meilge is
a master of Chicanery, Soothsay and Sovereign.

King Meilge is known. to his people as a champion of
modernity, but he has a curious traditionalist streak when it
comes to rulership. He is the acknowledged leader of the
Golden Sickle, a Modernist political faction. Due to many trips
outside Willow's Heart, Meilge has aged. Though still a wilder
when he became king, he is now a greybeard. With the
assumption of that state, he took on the guardianship of
another Eiluned noble, a young girl named Faerilyth, whom he
has named as his heir.

Treasures: King Meilge holds the kingly treasures of
Willows (crown, scepter and seal). Though he has numerous
smaller treasures, his greatest and most potent one is the
Alabaster Mask. Meilge's mask does more than conceal his
scars; it also conceals his intentions and true feelings and
prevents others from telling whether Meilge is lying. The mask
projects a literal false-face of fellowship, empathy and honesty,
which Meilge uses to great advantage. Those in Meilge's
vicinity always see his actions in the best possible light. Even
when questioned while the Dreaming is invoked, Meilge sim-
ply needs to state the exact truth; the mask changes what he
says (or changes what the listeners hear) into something else.
When Meilge engineered the murder of his pre » for
example, he was forced to confess his guilt when magically
interrogated. As he did so, however, the mask changed his
words into a denial of the crime. What came through was the
sound of a denial and the knowledge that Meilge spoke truly.

Image: Meilge is tall (just under six feet) and of average
weight. His hair, which was once golden blond, has bleached
out into a pale straw color. His eyes are faded blue, but darken
when he is angry. Meilge wears well-cut and tailored suits when
not in his freehold, but prefers courtly velvets and silks in dark
colors when in residence. The upper half of Meilge's face is
concealed by an ornate half mask made of alabaster and gold.
When he is not in his faerie mien, the mask fades from view,

SEB

oe
we

<

TS

"Ss

"Ss

SS

>

XA


ox

though it still obscures the worst of the scarring. He smiles
often, though such smiles rarely reach his eyes.

C2

Roleplaying Hints: You are a man obsessed by revenge —
against the commoners who tortured you and the nobles who
left you in the commoners' hands. Those experiences forever
warped you, turning your heart to stone and darkening your
beliefs. Nevertheless, you have seen the strength the common-
ers possess and have no wish to engage them directly. Instead,
you mask your intentions, acting as a friend to commoner and
noble alike. Despite your ability to rule, you suffer wild mood
swings, debilitating depressions and nightmares and occasional
killing rages. You're quite mad, though few among your ac-
quaintances know that; you seem so focused and such a gentle-
man. Fully committed to the Shadow Court (though you
masquerade as a member of the Seelie Court), you work to bring
on Endless Winter. You are one of the Shadow Court's most likely
candidates to become high king when the Unseelie come to power.

Story Connection: Not content to wait for a high king-
ship that may never come, Meilge has launched his own
scheme to win the crown. He sent his ward, Faerilyth to David's
court at Tara-Nar, hoping she would prove a useful spy. Then
his Dan took a hand in things. Unbelievably, David fell in love
with Faerilyth, sought Meilge's permission and (against much
opposition from his courtiers and many of the other monarchs)
married her. In a show of his love, David declared Faerilyth to
be fully his equal, naming her High Queen of Concordia. To
demonstrate his newfound accord with King Meilge, David and
Faerilyth are beginning their Grand Tour of the kingdoms in
the Kingdom of Willows.

Meilge has great plans for them. After removing David from
the picture and confining him with guardians who will ensure he
never emerges again from Banality, Meilge can now step back into
Faerilyth's life as her "guardian," devoted to her welfare now that
the king has mysteriously disappeared. From there, he hopes to
enforce her claim to the throne. After a few years as the power

oT.

?

4

OK

Gi

cS

ay

iS

behind the throne, he'll be able to dispose of Faerilyth as well.
Meilge will become High King upon her untimely death and
unleash a bloodbath against the commoners that will make the
Accordance War look like child's play. Atleast, that's the plan...

Faerilych Nimania Lin Ardey

High Queen of Concordia, Heir co Willows

Faerilyth dimly recalls her life before coming to King
Meilge's court. Born to a wealthy Jewish family in Augusta,
Georgia, "Debbie" attended the correct schools, learned to
play piano, took ballet lessons, sang in the school youth choir
and still managed to fit in cheerleading, service club and junior
prom activities. She preferred shopping with friends, attending
parties and choosing new boyfriends over studying or going on
family outings. If not for her exceptional beauty and her
interest in the occult (which greatly troubled her parents), she
would have been just another rich debutante. Despite her full
social calendar, Debbie lacked something in her life; when she
turned 15, she realized what it was: excitement. Pampered and
sheltered, granted every wish her heart desired, she was bored
to tears. Taking the advice of a close girlfriend, Debbie decided
that if she didn't make a break for freedom, her doting parents
would arrange the rest of her life as "perfectly" as they had
arranged the first 15 years of it.

Pooling her birthday money and her allowance, she bought
a bus ticket to Atlanta, intending to leave from there by plane.
Meanwhile, she decided to explore the city a little. Emerging
into the midst of the Midtown Music Festival, she was en-
thralled with the crowds, the noise, the excitement, and the
music. Stopping to listen to one band after another, she felt her
heart responding to it all. She moved joyfully from stage to
stage, drinking in the creativity. Moving beyond the last stage
set up for the festival, she chanced upon a young man softly
singing ballads to a tiny audience. Something in his perfor-
mance called to her, wrenching at her innermost being. As she
felt a great uplifting, she was suddenly assaulted by impossible
sounds, sights and tastes. The very air seemed charged with
brightness. She grew sick and d Retching and disoriented,
she stumbled into an alleyway where she fell next to a dumpster,
moaning and thrashing. Convulsions took her as her Chrysalis
entered its full Dream Dance state.

Alerted by the violent upsurge of Glamour, King Meilge
and several members of his personal guard who had been
enjoying the music nearby, raced to the alleyway where they
discovered her. As they moved her to a more private location,
Debbie's human self disappeared, swept away by the glory of
her fae mien. Clad in rich robes of the deepest violet, she
looked up into the kind face and warm eyes of the crowned
sidhe male who offered her his hand. "Shall we dance, my lady
wife?" he asked teasingly. David. His name is David. And I am
Faerilyth, she thought. The rest of the dream swirled away in
dancing colors. When she opened her eyes, she was in Willow's
Heart.

In the days that followed, the court acknowledged her as
anoble of House Eiluned, and King Meilge himself became her


mentor. Apartments were set aside for her, and Faerilyth
learned cantrips as if she had invented them, probably due to
her inherent interest in the occult. King Meilge treated her
respectfully and assured her she'd never have to return home.
She reveled in her new life, drinking in Glamour from concerts
and learning how to act as a Muse. Soon, she was making new
friends. Meilge gave her free rein for the most part, allowing her
to test her wings without interference. Thus, he had no idea
when Faerilyth was recruited by the Cat's Cradle.

Igrania, the Duchess of Magnolia's Home, met Faerilyth at
aparty thrown by Meilge to introduce his ward. Liking whatshe
saw in the young Eiluned, Igrania tutored her in politics and
sounded her out about her thoughts regarding commoners and
nobility. Satisfied by Faerilyth's answers, Igrania introduced
her to other members of the Cat's Cradle, who made their own
assessments of the young sidhe. After a year, they asked her to
join, and she readily assented, thrilled to be part of something
important. Because she was asked to keep her affiliation with
the group a secret, she never even told Meilge she had joined.

Five years later Meilge decided Faerilyth was sufficiently
devoted to him that he could afford to use her beauty in his
service. He arranged for his ward to go to Tara-Nar, High King
David's court, for an extended visit — ostensibly so that the
High King could meet Meilge's heir, in reality so that Meilge
could use her as a spy in the high court. David's name echoed
in her thoughts, though she could not recall why. When she
arrived, however, David was away visiting Queen Mab. The
court was under the rule of David's sister Morwen.

Many at Tara-Nar suspected Faerilyth's motives both
because she was Eiluned and Meilge's ward. For the first time,
Faerilyth discovered what most fae thought of the King of
Willows. Also for the first time, she was unpopular. Hiding her
hurt, she withdrew into herself, hoping an air of mystery would
keep her disappointment secret. Rumors circulated that she
had Unseelie friends at home (a garbled version of her associa-
tion with some of the members of the Cat's Cradle). Though
Morwen was not unkind to Faerilyth (nor were all the courtiers
unsympathetic to her), the young Eiluned was reluctant to
confide in them, not knowing if any of them knew of the Cat's
Cradle.

When David returned, everything changed for her. Upon
meeting the High King, she saw only his kind face and warm
eyes. She remembered her Chrysalis. For his part, David seemed
enchanted by her. Though David was much older, his time
within freeholds had retarded his aging, leaving him barely
beyond his wilder years. Despite Morwen's opposition and the
disapproval of many nobles of the court, Faerilyth and David
fell in love. The more the court tried to undermine the
romance, the more determined Faerilyth grew that she would
make David a good wife. Ultimately, he proposed and she
accepted.

Rather than opening herself to more criticism, Faerilyth
asked David for a small wedding, to be attended only by a few
friends and family. Out of love for her, he agreed, but he had a
price. He insisted that Faerilyth must agree to rule by his side
as his High Queen. Though initially reluctant, after speaking

with Meilge about the matter, Faerilyth saw that David needed
someone who could be his equal, someone to ease his burdens.
She agreed. David proclaimed Faerilyth High Queen and had
her crowned as such the day after their marriage. No one is sure
yet what Faerilyth's ascension will mean to David's heir, the
Princess Lenore. That's for the loremasters and law makers to
decide later.

David and Faerilyth have been married for two weeks now.
They have embarked on a Grand Tour of Concordia, so that all
the monarchs and nobles can meet their new queen. Because
Meilge was Faerilyth's guardian, the honor of the first visit goes
to the Kingdom of Willows.

Though she isstill relatively new to the Dreaming, Faerilyth
has a natural affinity for magic. She is well-versed in Sovereign,
and has begun studies in both Primal and Wayfare. She hopes
to learn more so she can be a true asset to David and the
kingdom. Meanwhile, she hopes that David's trust in her will
allow her to utilize some of the training in court etiquette and
diplomacy she received as Meilge's ward.

Treasures: Though entitled to the treasures of a High
Queen, the only one Faerilyth has received thus far is the
crown. The other treasures of her rank are being constructed for
her. Morwen currently holds David's scepter and seal as symbols of
her regency over the throne while David is absent from court.

Image: Faerilyth is just over 5' 6" tall and slender as a
willow sapling. Her black hair cascades past her waist and her
eyes flash a dark violet, reminiscent of a young Elizabeth
Taylor. She prefers dark blues and violets that compliment her
eyes and wears simple but elegant garb. Even among the sidhe,
Faerilyth is remarkable for her beauty.

Roleplaying Hints: You've led a charmed life. From a rich
home toa king's palace to the discovery of your faerie nature to
your coronation as High Queen, you've never faced a serious
setback — except the reception given you by some members of
David's court. Usually gracious and well-spoken, you have
lately found yourself tongue-tied by the distrust and disap-
proval you encountered among the courtiers. But you thrive on
David's love and are blossoming into a confident, competent
queen whenever youare with him. Youare certain that that you
will overcome everyone's disapproval in time, and you strive to
learn more each day so you will become the queen David needs.
In the wake of David's disappearance, that is more important
than ever.

Story Connection: When David disappears, the blame
falls on Faerilyth. Defended by true-hearted advocates, she
overcomes the initial assault, but realizes she must truly be-
come the High Queen if she is to survive and keep David's
kingdom intact. Though devastated by the loss of David,
Faerilyth must find the strength to contend with Morwen, who
insists that David left his throne in her hands and that she will
return the throne to him — and only him — upon his return.
Faerilyth will not give up her right to the throne, nor will
Morwen surrender her claim — a deadly butting of heads that
splits the fae into at least two camps: the Queen's Defenders
(Faerilyth's faction) and the Deposers (also known as the

ChapcerFour: Kichain of the Kingdom

:
BY

2

ai

1

"Ss

SS


Morwenists). Once again, the changelings of Concordia stand
on the brink of civil war. Though Meilge supports Faerilyth, he
eventually plans to use her as his stepping stone to the high
throne. Faerilyth may surprise him with the steel that lies below
her fragile surface.

Seif Raushan
The Chosen of Calidurn

Philip "Flip" Larson seemed much like the other kids in
his southeast Atlanta neighborhood — poor, black and
unlikely to climb out of poverty unless by way of drugs or
crime. But he was different. Blessed with parents who trained
their only child to be honest and self-reliant and to take
personal responsibility for his actions, Philip avoided the
fate of most of his neighbors. He differed in other ways as
well. For one, from the time of his first memories, he always
of overcoming incredible odds, stories
Jed through personal integrity and hard
work, and more intricate legends of daring and glory. He
read voraciously, devouring every fairy tale, adventure book,
horror story and work of mythology he could find at the
public library.

OS

Le

Vy

loved stories — ta

Si

of those who suc

UES

SS)

The other difference was his religion, which changed
when he was 12. In the heartland of Protestant Christianity,
his parents embraced Islam as a faith that provided blacks
with pride in their heritage and offered their family a set of
guidelines by which to live their lives. Philip took the
Islamic name Seif Raushan (Sword of Brightness) to show
his commitment to that faith. Unlike many who mistake the
teachings of the Prophet, Seif recognized that Islam does not

call for the subjugation of women or for a jihad against all
those not of the faith. Instead, it advocates tolerance and
living a good and righteous life.

Woven

SS

Seif watched as other boys his age gave in to drugs and
joined gangs, committed robberies and car jackings and beat or
killed those who opposed them. He never fit in among them,
though he understood their frustration and alienation. Rather
than spending his time dealing drugs, he stayed at home or at
the library. Then his mother lost her job and his father was laid
off, temporarily they said. What little savings they had man-
aged to put aside, hoping to send Seif to college, were spent on
rent and food. Every day his parents looked for work. Each
evening they returned exhausted and dejected. Seif decided
maybe he should look for work too.

Inquiring at the school library, he was directed to the
school guidance counselor (he hadn't known there was one).
She suggested he apply for work at the public library or at a
museum, since his interests were academic. Six days later, he
was hired by the High Museum of Art's janitorial company. He
reasoned that Islamic art did not portray the human figure, but
surely would not prohibit him from viewing such work. Walk-
ing into the skylit atrium for his first evening on the job, Seif
was amazed and infused with Glamour. Assaulted by the onset
of his Chrysalis, he found sanctuary in the strong arms of a
fellow janitor, a chubby little woman named Myrtle, who
suddenly looked very different to Seif — more like one of the
creatures out of the fairy tales he read as child. Myrtle saw him
through the worst of things, then explained to him what had
happened and that he was a changeling, just as she was. By his
fae appearance, she identified him as an eshu; she herself was
a boggan.

Myrtle managed to cover for him so he wouldn't lose his
job, and began teaching him more about changelings as they
worked together in the following days. Then she told him he
must present himself to the king. She asked if he wanted to
leave home, but he explained that he was the only one bringing
in money and he needed to stay. Myrtle arranged for Seif's
(whose fae name was coincidentally Seifrizarien) presentation
at court.

Coached by Myrtle (though she rarely attended court
herself), Seif made obeisance to King Meilge and offered his
allegiance and loyalty to the king. He explained that he was
best at remembering stories and offered to share them
whenever the king liked, but said he could not remain at
court due to his home situation. Meilge accepted his service,
then asked Seif to explain the problem. On hearing that
Seif's parents were out of work (a tale told with the magnifi-
cence of an epic by Seif), Meilge promised to do what he
could for them.

Within two days, Seif's father got a call from a rival of his
previous employer and accepted a new job with them at a
higher salary. His mother received a call asking her to attend a
two-week, paid training course for prospective managers with
alocal firm, and eased into a new jobas well. Meilge never came
out and said he arranged things, but it was clear to Seif that the
king had pulled some strings, and the eshu owed him a big one.

In the subsequent two years, Seif finished high school and
began work as a junior curator at the museum while taking


night classes at college. He hopes to major in anthropology
with an emphasis on folk art and folk tales. Seif's semiregular
appearances at court are eagerly anticipated occasions during
which the city's changelings gather to hear a master storyteller.
He has made friends at court, and has found the courage to at
least speak to Meilge's beautiful ward, Faerilyth.

Seif has been invited to appear at court for the ceremonies
that welcome High King David and High Queen Faerilyth to
Willow's Heart. He is to perform for them, and gladdened to
know that Faerilyth has attained the station he always thought
she deserved. For the occasion, he has crafted a new story —a
tale of love, loss and renewal — that he hopes will please the
royal couple.

Though a master of the art of storytelling and knowledge-
able concerning Legerdemain and Wayfare, Seif has not com-
pletely neglected his physical nature. Since coming to court, he
has learned the basics of sword fighting and has become a
passable archer. Though now "hobnobbing" with the elite, he
hasn't forgotten his first fae friend and regularly visits with Myrtle.

Treasures: Though the treasures do not belong to him, as
the bearer of Caliburn and its sheath, Seif has access to the
sword's powers (should he choose to use them).

Image: Seif is a little under average height and weight at
5' 7" and 125 Ibs. He has thick, curly black hair; deep brown
skin and dark brown eyes. His rounded face makes him look
younger than he is. In his eshu mien he is taller and more
commanding, though a boyishness underlies his wise-looking
gray eyes. Seif's manner is reminiscent of Azim, the Moorish
companion played by Morgan Freeman in Robin Hood: Prince
of Thieves.

Roleplaying Hints: You were always a good kid, respect-
ing your parents for trying to raise you right on too little money.
Your fascination with stories can be traced to a curiosity about
and love for people. Though you are by no means a pushover,
you are not mean or ruthless for the sake of appearing tough.
While youdon't seek conflict, if it finds you, your opponent will
find well-tempered steel within you. Living a righteous life and
helping others to do so is important to you. If you could, you'd
like to take every poor child you can find and inspire them all
to escape the fate that the ghetto has in store for them. You are
willing to help those who need a helping hand to stand up, but
it must be their decision to try. You take your debts seriously,
and are never hasty when swearing an oath to someone.

Story Connection: Faerilyth is blamed for David's disap-
pearance. Angry people accuse her of murdering him. Unable
to tolerate this insult to someone he believes to be an innocent
and good person, Seif jumps forward and is the first to speak in
her defense. As he finishes his eloquent plea for a calm and
rational discussion and states his belief in the queen's inno-
cence, Caliburn suddenly appears in his hand. The sword lets
him know it has chosen him to lead the quest to find David.
Though Seif does not believe himself worthy of such an honor,
and though he wants to stay and protect the queen from those
who would harm her, he accepts the sword's geas and takes up
the quest for the missing king.

Q

Riel
Meilge's Spymascer

Riel was born in a small village in Colombia. Even as a
small child, he could barely tolerate loud noises and bright
lights. Although he seemed to comprehend what people said to.
him, he never spoke. His parents wondered if he lacked vocal
. Still, he seemed

cords, but had no money for tests or docto
strong enough and worked alongside his parents in the fields,
growing the plants that the "big bo: required. His nimble
fingers and the ease with which he could wriggle into the

smallest niches made him very valuable for setting plants into
hidden places.

One day the boss sent some men to oversee the harvesting.
They took notice of the silent youngster and "purchased" him
from his parents. They took Riel to a special teacher, who
taught him to utilize his silence and agility, to pick pockets,
scale buildings and use knives and silenced guns. Over the next
three years, Riel learned photography, code-breaking and law,
as he became a journeyman spy-assassin. He also learned that
people expected him to talk back when they spoke to him.
Often, however, they became annoyed, for he could not speak
above a whisper.

Sent on his first solo "job", Riel was instructed to
eliminate a nosy actress whose film on the druglords would
hit too close to home. Sneaking onto the set was no prob-
lem, nor was spotting his target. Killing her became prob-
lematical when her impassioned performance triggered his
Chrysalis. Overwhelmed and alone, Riel staggered away and
lost his sanity. Some time later, he pulled himself together
and crept back to a hideaway he'd fixed up in case he
someday needed a bolt-hole.

Knowing the boss would never forgive him for failing to
take out the actress, he decided Colombia was too hot for him.
Besides, he wanted to find others like himself, for he now knew

99

ChapcerFour: Kithain of the Kingdom


he was some sort of alien masquerading as a human. The young
sluagh's skills allowed him to sneak aboard a plane bound for
the U.S.A. inside a box that no one would believe evena child
could fit inside. Several hours later, the plane touched down in.
Atlanta, he got off with the luggage and slipped out before
anyone discovered him.

It didn't take too long for the local changelings to locate
him. Discovered by Sabrina Lennin-Corvald, an Unseelie
sidhe socialite, Riel wound up being introduced to the Shadow
Court. Through interpreters, he learned what they had to teach
about changelings (the first indication he had that he wasn't an
alien) and confessed his past in return. Realizing his potential,
the Shadow Court arranged English lessons for him and in-
structed him in various Arts. Then Sabrina took him to King
Meilge's court and introduced him.

Riel offered his services as spymaster-assassin to the king.
There followed several tests of his loyalty, but once Meilge was
convinced the sluagh could be trusted, he hired him. Riel now has
his own quarters in a soundproofed area of Willow's Heart and
works as the king's eyes and ears wherever the king can't go. He
reports to Meilge on the people of his court, oversees the majority
of the king's less-than-legal dealings and handles anyone who
becomesa problem for his monarch. Unknown toMeilge, Riel also
reports on the king's activities to the Shadow Court.

Aside from his mastery of assassin and spy skills, the
talented wilder excels in Legerdemain and Chicanery. The
Shadow Court has also taught him the Art of Contempt (see
The Shadow Court). Recently, Riel has focused most of his
energy into learning about various kinds of extortion rackets
and the world of high finance.

Treasures: Though Meilge doesn't know it, Riel kept one
dose of Dreambane and one of Dreamshield (the drug's anti-
dote). The sluagh has also acquired a slim stiletto that can
create Phantom Shadows (as per Legerdemain ¢¢¢¢¢) after
being bathed in changeling blood (5 Health Levels worth).
Usable blood may be from changelings, Gallain, Nunnehi or
even Dauntain. Once the power is used, the stiletto becomes
inert again (unless bathed in more Kithain blood). The blood
need not all be gathered into the blade at once, but can be
drawn in a little at a time (thus, Riel could use his own blood
so the stiletto is primed, or he could garner one or two blood
levels in a fight and save them until he gains the requisite
amount).

Image: Riel is a small, young man with dark olive-skin,
curly black hair and large brown eyes. He prefers soft, loose-
fitting dark, clothing. In his sluagh mien, he appears much
taller and emaciated and his skin is bleached bone white. His
court attire is many layered, elaborate and all black. More so
than most sluagh, Riel's penchant for sitting with his arms
wrapped around his bony knees gives him an insectile appear-
ance.

Roleplaying Hints: You've always known that your exist-
ence depends on pleasing those more powerful than yourself.
Because of your fae advantages, you've found the perfect career.
It makes you very valuable. In fact, you are probably the most
highly paid of Meilge's "guard."

Kingdom oF Witlows

You aren't interested in bullying others; those who come
in contact with you find you creepy enough. You have no need
to be threatening; they're already scared. You have no illusions
concerning such foolish concepts as honor. Wealth and supe-
rior skills determine who's on top. Its nice to live in a palace,
but you have come to realize (due to your contact with the
Shadow Court) that you'd rather own the palace than work
in it. You'll have to do something about that soon. After all,
grumpdom is just around the corner, and you wouldn't want to
waste any time on — or shed any tears for —Meilge.

Story Connection: Riel acts as King Meilge's spymaster,
one of his most trusted aides. He is the one who acquires the
Dreambane, the Glamour-rich drug Meilge uses to poison
David. Though Riel doesn't know what Meilge does with the
king once he has David helpless, he is privy to the knowledge
that Meilge used the drug on the High King. He could (either
on his own or if activated by the Shadow Court) try to use that
knowledge to blackmail Meilge. Of course, Meilge is no fool
and is all too aware that his spymaster now has the upper hand.
Things could get very interesting at court.

Sadrina Lennin-Corvald
Baroness of Peachcree

Ever the sybarite, when Sabrina of House Leanhaun ar-
rived back on Earth in Ireland in 1969, she was too impatient
for pleasure to take the body of a child. Instead, she chose a
voluptuous young woman (Sabrina Lennin) of 18 years. Rather
than fight a dreary war (the IRA was in full swing at the time)
or claim a freehold, she found a satyr lover and set about lining
up artists whom she could Rhapsodize for the Glamour she
desperately needed to stay young. Several dozen dead or burnt-
out artists later, she decided Ireland was much too small a place
to support her appetites for long.

America seemed a much more likely place for her forbid-
den Ravaging to go unnoticed. Noting that Atlanta, Georgia,
seemed to be a growing city with a burgeoning art scene, she
chose it as her new home. Making a few contacts in the Irish
scene, Sabrina met Berin O'Donnell, a fellow Unseelie sidhe of
House Scathach. Though Berin had no intentional contact
with the Shadow Court, a few Unseelie of Berin's acquaintance
did. Sabrina quickly arranged to meet with them and joined,
reasoning that they would protect her if anyone questioned her
methods of gaining Glamour.

A further advantage of her friendship with Berin (who
thought she was "simply charming") was that he introduced her
to Duke Meilge. Noting her excellent taste, ability to locate
wonderful new artists and exquisite loveliness, Meilge immedi-
ately requested that she become his official hostess for all
parties and receptions held at Summerstree. Realizing the
protection that the friendship of Duke Meilge offered her, she
accepted. When he became king, she moved up in the world —
becoming the king's official hostess at Willow's Heart. Meilge
elevated her to the status of baroness and gave her the barony
of Peachtree as a reward for services rendered.

Her presence at concerts, the ballet, the opera, sympho-
nies, art shows and museum openings did not go unnoticed for

long. Martin Corvald, a rich financier and fancier of the arts,
met Sabrina, wooed her, married her and built a mansion to her
specifications at the site of her freehold. Since then, Sabrina
has enchanted Martin, who revels in the idea of his otherworldly
wife. Martin knows nothing about how Sabrina retains her
youthful appearance; he attributes it to her faerie blood and
thinks it is natural among the "immortal" Fair Folk. The two
attend galas and parties together and sponsor gallery shows and
seasonal frolics. Martin never attends the king's social functions.

Meanwhile, she has continued her usual practices out of
sight of the court. Sabrina used her friendship with Meilge to
introduce a Shadow Court operative (Riel, the spymaster) into
Willow's Heart. She has no doubt that such a coup puts the
Shadow Court in her debtand believes Meilge feels he owes her
one too. While the King of Willows knows Riel is from the
Shadow Court, Sabrina believes he has no idea of her own
involvement.

Celebrated by high society, adored by her husband and
cherished by Meilge as the authority on chic revelry, Sabrina
has indulged herself for several years. She never seems to age,
despite time spent outside her freehold. Some mortals have
noticed that her lack of aging goes beyond what might possibly
be accomplished through vigorous maintenance and plastic
surgery. Jealous whispers follow her wherever she goes these
days. Even Meilge and her oldest friend in Atlanta, Berin, have
begun to question whether she's not spending too much time
within a freehold (their only explanation for her continued
youthfulness). They also worry that her lack of aging will
attract the wrong kind of interest if she's not more careful.

Then there is the matter of Faerilyth, Meilge's fosterling.
Once a gawky, socially inept girl, the young Eiluned blossomed
intoa lovely woman, almost overnight so it seems. Meilge even
had Faerilyth act as hostess several times, displacing Sabrina
from her accustomed role. Though the threat Faerilyth posed
has been negated by her departure and subsequent marriage to
High King David, Sabrina still feels somewhat miffed with
Meilge's treatment of her.

Asked to act as hostess for the masquerade ball, Sabrina
could not refuse, despite her pique. Unfortunately for Meilge,
Sabrina keeps a close eye on all the activities that occur during
one of "her" parties. That's what makes her such a good hostess.
She always knows what's going on and can step in to liven up
dull moments or break up tense situations before they escalate
into ugliness. What she saw at the party is far more serious than
atiff overa hairdo, however, and may eventually prove Meilge's
undoing.

Sabrina is gracious and charming, with that natural veneer
of class many Southern socialites seem to have. Her greatest
talent lies in convincing others that she is what she appears to
be — and that appearance changes from person to person.
Sabrina would have made a consummate actress or con artist.
She excels in Chicanery (an absolute must when controlling a
party) and Sovereign and has a bit of talent with Wayfare. She
is a master of tact; has excellent taste in clothing, music and
decor and dances like a dream. Though married, she never lets
that stop her from enjoying herself. She lives for those times she

can seduce beautiful young things — especially if they have no
inkling of her true age.

Treasures: Sabrina has a small pin shaped like a rose that
constantly refreshes her perfume (a dusky rose scent).

Image: Vivacious and stylish, Sabrina has the flame red
hair, porcelain skin and emerald green eyes associated with the
Irish. She stands a little over 5' 3" and barely weighs 100 Ib.
Those pounds are neatly packed onto a frame that screams
"seductress." She prefers to wear deep green, which comple-
ments her green eyes and enhances the color of her hair. The
slightest hint of an Irish accent infects her soft Georgia drawl.
No one would ever suspect that she's 47 years old.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the yardstick by which others
are measured (and usually found wanting). Your taste is legend-
ary, your parties are the social occasions of the month in
Atlanta society, and you are loved by the social elite. Blessed
with a very rich, very doting husband, you can do whatever you
like. Though you are subject to the curse of your household, you
need never suffer from it again. There are plenty of artists out
there who long for your attentions. You love being at the center
of things, and you love taking on different roles. Depending on
your mood (and your audience), you can take on almost any
demeanor from shy innocent to dignified hostess to worldly
wise bitch-goddess.

Revelry and pleasure are your watchwords, and you do
almost anything to ensure that the parties never stop and your
youth never fades. Then again, maybe you won't have to do too
much in the future to maintain your position. Meilge was very
foolish to kidnap the High King where you could watch it
happen. You don't allow such delightful opportunities to so-
lidify your position pass you by.

Story Connection: Sabrina notices when Meilge goes off
for a private "talk" with the High King during the final dance
of the evening. Concerned that the king is displeased with
something, she quietly follows and listens. Thus, Sabrina

ChapzerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom 101

AS

ey,

SIS

Vy

GY,

CTR
AR

ox
2)

witnesses Meilge's capture of David and notes when Meilge
turns him over to special guards. She overhears the instructions
Meilge gives regarding David's continued captivity. She hasn't
decided yet what to do with her knowledge. On the one hand,
she could ingratiate herself with the High King and Queen by
revealing what she knows. On the other hand, she might get
more out of Meilge for keeping quiet. Besides, as a member of
the Shadow Court, she's hardly interested in David's welfare.

Berin ODonnell
Capzain of the Guard

When the sidhe returned from Arcadia, they encountered
the sidhe who never left Earth: House Scathach. It soon
became clear that the returnees looked down on the Scathach,
hardly considering them sidhe at all because they had mixed
their blood with mortals just as the commoners had. Many
Scathach sidhe were determined to prove themselves. Some,
however, resented the arrogant elitism of the returnees and
rebelled against the role assigned them.

Berin O'Donnell was of the latter. Denied a place by King
Barabas (and in truth disgusted by the king's lack of morals), he
offered his services to Duke Meilge. The Eiluned duke saw
beyond Berin's house to his noble heart and desire to serve an
honorable master. Meilge immediately accepted Berin's ser-
vice as head of his personal guard. Berin had no idea of Meilge's
true nature. Berin himself is Unseelie only because of his anger
over the treatment of House Scathach. Since most of the
nobles in power are Seelie, he hopes that supporting the
Unseelie will lead to justice for his house (and for the common-
ers, who also face discrimination by the haughty sidhe).

When Berin met Sabrina, he was so impressed by her
beauty and knowledge of the arts that he introduced her to
Meilge, believing his liege would invite her to court. He hoped
Sabrina would care for him, but doesn't resent her marriage to
Martin Corvald. Instead, he holds to the proprieties of courtly

love, worshipping her from afar. Though he has heard stories
against both Sabrina and Meilge, he refuses to believe they
could be evil —after all, they are his close personal friends, and
Sabrina is his unattainable lady love. His love for Sabrina keeps
him from speaking to her concerning his desire for her —a true
irony considering how many lovers she's had. Though Unseelie,
Berin follows the Seelie code of honor and believes that Meilge
and Sabrina do also.

Unknown to Meilge, Berin uses his position to keep the
king's rages in check — at Sabrina's request. While he doesn't
fully understand Meilge's true personality, Berin does know
that his king suffers from fits of depression and rage. He tries to
be there whenever these fits occur so that Meilge will not
embarrass himself. Berin has no idea that by controlling Meilge
at such times, he's actually working for the Shadow Court.

Silent and skilled in combat like most Scathach, Berin also
has a gentler side. He collects puppets and is always willing to
perform for faerie childlings or mortal children. As Meilge's
bodyguard and captain of the king's personal guard, he has
cultivated an impressive knowledge of security techniques. He
excels at both the Primal and Wayfare Arts.

Treasures: Berin owns a sword that bestows Sovereign
¢:Protocol on any sword battle Berin engages in. The Pro-
tocol so enforced acts as if cast with five successes. In
essence, this effect guarantees that those who fight against
Berin (and Berin as well) abide by all the courtly rules and
etiquette expected. It does not make anyone abase himself
to the Scathach knight.

Image: Berin is almost six feet tall, well-muscled and
exceptionally strong. He wears his dark-brown hair ina warrior's
knot at the base of his neck and has a neatly trimmed mustache
and beard. He prefers armor and shield to courtly attire. When
he must don such garb, he invariably wears black accented with
silver. Whatever his attire, he is never without his sword
(unless outside the freehold in normal clothing).

Roleplaying Hints: While you support the Unseelie cause
because you hope its more democratic stance will return your
house's lost respect, you yourself are a strict proponent of the
Seelie Code. You believe that the fae are inherently good and
that those who act selfishly or in an evil manner are merely
temporarily misled or mentally unbalanced. Because of this
optimism, you always give people the benefit of the doubt, and
are often rewarded in your expectations because they appreci-
ate your trust. Of course, other times, your beliefs lead to your
being royally screwed over. You don't let that change you; you
simply don't trust those particular people again.

Despite your optimistic views, you don't let your personal
beliefs interfere with your job. You aren't a naive fool, despite
what others might think. When you're on duty, you are sup-
posed to question the movements and motives of anyone acting
suspiciously. You also make certain that the security is as tight
as you can make it. You are secretly a member of the Red
Branch Knights, one of the reasons you protect Meilge so well.

Story Connection: Despite the fact that he is not charged
with the protection of the High King per se, Berin remains

LNB OO LO. LOD OLN OPT OT OA a

rigidly on guard during the masquerade ball. He fails to notice
when Meilge and the king leave during the final dance,
however. He later blames himself for allowing the High King's
disappearance, thinking he might have prevented it had he
been more vigilant. He has no idea that Meilge spiked the
single drink Berin consumed with the same Glamour-rich
poison he used to make David suggestible and does not recall
that the King of Willows told him to "look the other way and
forget that he had done so." Berin's guilt makes him fanatically
eager to locate the missing High King —a consequence Meilge
failed to foresee. Under the proper questioning, Berin might
throw off the effects of the drug and remember (dimly) that
someone interfered with his duties.

Uisceria Hall, Savannah
Counc QDorrig of House Guiydion

Brought up in one of the oldest moneyed families of
Savannah, Morrison Dane became the ideal Southern gentle-
man. Though he took a degree in law, he much prefers working
to revitalize downtown Savannah and raising money for the
Historic Preservation Society than litigating. Luckily, his
family's money and his position in town means he can pursue
such interests without needing to work. His good looks assure
him of plenty of companionship, though no one has yet
captured his heart.

Asachild, Morrison was permitted the run of his parents'
palatial home, though his mother denied him entry to an
elaborate enclosed garden where she had a jewel-like folly. The
small gazebo had broad, shallow marble steps leading up to a
domed structure covered with ivy and wisteria (he saw it over
the hedge from an old apple tree he climbed). Inside the garden
was also a small lily pond.

Morrison obeyed his mother's wishes that he not enter her
garden, at least until the day his father suffered a stroke. Ten
years old, he frantically called for an ambulance, then intruded
on the garden looking for his mother. Reaching the folly, he
threw wide the door, calling for his mother, and was swept up
in a wave of Glamour. Looking up, he saw a tall, regal being
dressed in silks, her bedecked hair held with jeweled pins, her
eyes blazing with power — his mother. As he entered his
Chrysalis, she lifted him fully into the folly (which was much
larger than he had thought). He managed to croak out the word
"father" before the Dream Dance took him and revealed his
true self.

In the aftermath of his father's death, Morrig (his faerie
name) learned of the fae, his place among them (as a noble-
man), and who he and his mother were. Though she instructed
him dutifully, it was clear to Morrig that his mother, the
Countess Dulcia of Gwydion, had little will left to live. She
yearned to follow her beloved mortal husband. Three years
later, when she felt Morrig was ready to assume his duties as
count and confident that he had good advisors, she slipped
away into the Dreaming. Though he grieved at her loss, Morrig
realized she had never been happy since his father's death.

Morrighas tried to rule fairly over the Kithain of Savannah
and environs. He granted Lady Una Morrowind a freehold
within Savannah both because she had served the Seelie Court
by uncovering a plot against Elena, duchess of the Southern
Coast and because he saw in the lovely lady echoes of his own
mother's sadness. Any fae who wishes is welcome to visit the
count's court (known as Wisteria Hall) in the folly behind his
ancestral home in the Historic District — so long as they agree
to behave with decorum and cause no disturbance. Famed for
his hospitality and exquisite manners, Morrig rides to the hunt
at least four times a year and hosts a midnight ball each year in
the grand ballroom of the mansion. Most of his time is spent
helping preserve Savannah, however. He is popular in both fae
and mortal circles — except at Willow's Heart. Though forced
to swear allegiance to Meilge, the count often works alongside
the lord and lady of Vellumton to unmask the evil they all know
is the true Meilge.

Morrig's athletic build has allowed him to become expert
at fencing and equestrian sports. His other passions include
restoring old homes and collecting fine and unusual pottery.
He excels in the Arts of Dream-Craft, Primal and Sovereign.
Whenever he becomes too officious and "overbearing" (a
predilection of his house affiliation), his advisor, Crwen, sug-
gests that Morrig "take a dip in the pond head first." Thus, the
count has also learned much concerning the maintenance of
lily ponds and koi.

Image: Handsome and regal, Morrig tops out at six feet and
appears slender but muscular in the way of many expert swords-
men. He has dark brown hair, worn relatively short in mortal
guise, but longer and held back by a fillet in his faerie mien. His
blue-green eyes can sparkle with merriment or cloud with
compassion. Fae who have seen him angry never want to repeat
the experience. He prefers casual, but well-made clothes,
though he feels it his duty to wear formal attire when presiding
over court at Wisteria Hall.

ChapcerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom 103

Sy WaNewas SX)
RACs

wil

Sa™Ey,

Ria ok
ean

es
iy
1

@

TS

SH]

Roleplaying Hints: Most of your life has been good. You
have everything anyone could desire. Though you still mourn
your father and mother, you hope that they are together
somewhere in the Dreaming. Just as you diligently perform your
civic duties when in your human guise, so too do you take your
duties as Count of Savannah quite seriously. Commoner and
noble alike are welcome within your freehold. Your only real
peeve is that you wish someone could expose King Meilge's true
colors. It is very difficult sometimes holding together part of a
region that is swimming in Meilge's corruption. Someday,
somehow, someone will catch him ina lie. You want to be there
when that happens.

Story Connection: As one of Meilge's counts, Morrig is
invited to the masquerade ball. If no one else fingers (to
whomever investigates David's disappearance) Meilge as the
most likely perpetrator in the crime, Morrig certainly will.
Unfortunately, since he knows little of Faerilyth, he believes
she is in on it too and also willingly denounces her. Morrig
could provide shelter and funds for those seeking clues to
David's whereabouts.

Crwen

Raised in a less-refined area of Savannah, Clovis Carver
learned to make do, get along and focus on a good education to
get her out of the ghetto and into polite society. To that end,
she studied hard and worked after school at a local fast-food
chain. She tried to fit in with her family, but always seemed to
be out of step with whatever they wanted. In church, she was
too fidgety; at a picnic, she was more interested in finishing up
school work or in running around the grassy field than in swapping
stories and eating. She just didn't seem interested in boys either.

Had her parents only known how interested she really was,
they might have been more worried. Only an iron discipline
and the thought that her ticket out lay through excelling in
school kept Clovis from wanting to bed every cute boy she saw.

xX
Len is = = >

She knew too many other girls who had given in, gotten
pregnant and lost any chance to do something with theirlives. She
was determined not to let that happen to her. Locking herselfaway
in the library kept her from falling prey to her own desires.

Finding an old book on a back shelf in the library one day,
she marveled at the rich velvet cover and the gemstones
worked into a sort of glyph design. She felt the book tingle in
her hands. Sensing that something was about to happen, she
carefully opened the cover. Clovis just had time to note that
the writing seemed to be in gold ink when she was over-
whelmed with the Glamour pouring out of the tome.

She awakened to a half dozen faces staring down at her: A
dog-girl pooka, two weird creatures she knew were called
nockers, a tall and dark eshu and two chubby boggans. She had
changed as well; her legs were covered in fur, she was wearing
courtly clothes and she still held the book in her hands.
Knowing she was a satyr named Crwen, she finally understood
all the conflicting feelings she had experienced during her life.

Crwen was taken to meet Countess Dulcia and swore alle-
giance to her. She joined the motley of commoners who had
befriended her during her Chrysalis. Telling her parents she was
going away to secretarial school, she moved into the motley's tiny
apartment and immersed herself in learning how to exist among
the fae. Because Crwen liked gardening, she asked Countess
Dulcia if she could come to court to take care of some of the plants
there. Dulcia agreed. Before long, Dulcia began watching Crwen
in the garden; eventually, they began talking together, and Dulcia
realized that Crwen was quite intelligent and very well-educated.
Lacking many other friends, Dulcia confided in Crwen, who
usually had wise comments and suggestions for her sidhe ruler.

Crwen acted as midwife for Dulcia when Morrig was born
and watched over him from afar as he grew. She shared Dulcia's
sorrow when her husband died and moved into the mansion
(ostensibly as a lady's maid, actually as Morrig's guardian). She
helped train Morrig in his duties as count, and when Dulcia
decided to enter the Dreaming, it was Crwen she named as
Morrig's guardian and advisor.

As advisor to the count, Crwen has made it her business to
become a master of both Chicanery (to ease the heart and
derail unpleasantness) and Primal (she never wants to be
helpless if the count needs her). Crwen has become a scholar
concerning the Dreaming and is quite astute politically.

Treasure: The tome Crwen picked up so long ago is a
faerie treasure that serves to answer one question per week with
the best foreseeing and advice it can give.

Image: Crwen's skin is as dark as coffee, and her eyes are
a deep brown with glints of green in them. Her hair was once
a mass of shining black curls, but both it and her legpelt have
become sprinkled with gray as she ages. Though she is now a
grump (or graybeard), her smile and unconsciously saucy walk
still attract suitors and let them know they're definitely dealing
with a satyr lady.

Roleplaying Hints: You are absolutely devoted to Count
Morrig, just as you were to his mother. It is your responsibility
to see that he rules justly and wisely, that he doesn't get too full


of himself and that no one hurts him. You know he relies on
your counsel and always try to think things through. That's not
always easy, but you do the best you can and consult your book
when you're at a loss. You aren't totally consumed by duty,
however. No satyr can exist without a few parties and assigna-
tions to look forward to; you're just more discreet about yours.

Story Connection: Crwen's book might provide some cryptic
clues concerning David's whereabouts. Further, Crwen herself is a
well-known scholar among the fae. She might be able to help

through research or pulling in fellow scholars to assist.

Ocher Kichain of Note

Florist Primaeval,
Savannah, Georgia

Several Kithain live within the glen known as Florist
Primaeval. Lady Una Morrowind (an older sidhe) resides there
with a motley consisting of Douglas Biggins (a troll wilder),
Twyla (a pooka wilder), Garrett Brody (a sidhe wilder), and
Dion (an eshu wilder) among others. Count Morrig granted
Lady Una her freehold when she helped expose a Shadow
Court plot to assassinate Elena, Duchess of the Southern Coast.
The fae of the Florist Primaeval are profiled in more detail in

Freeholds and Hidden Glens.

Clena, Duchess of the Souchern Coase
Once heavily into politics, Elena has retreated into her
freehold of Wild Sea in the wake of an assassination plot
against her. Threatened with the prospect of killers wielding
cold iron, the duchess has temporarily allowed her Unseelie
side to take over. While she works to make her court impreg-
nable and fills it with diabolical traps to snare the unwary, she
has temporarily handed over governance of her duchy toCount
Morrig. Once she feels secure again, Elena may emerge from her

self-imposed isolation. Whether she will have entered Bedlam
by thenisa intil then, for all practical purposes,
Elena is out of the political scene (which is what the Shadow

yone's guess

Court wanted anyway) and Morrig is de facto duke in her
absence.

Baron Aran and Baroness Cllawyn

Dark-haired Baron Arawn and the golden-tressed Baroness
Ellawyn of House Fiona hold the freehold of Whitehall Keep (a
Victorian-style bed-and-breakfast). They rule Athens, Madison
and Watkinsville, Georgia, together known as the

arony of
The

Vellumton. The area is renowned for its artists and musicians.
Seelie. They are some of the few

baron and baroness are staunchly

who know that Meilge projects ce to his kingdom because
theirbaronyt

Meilge's retainer

ey work to unmask Meilge and to minimize
his effect on their holdings. Each spring they host a grand tourna-
ment on the lawn of Whitehall. More on the baron and baroness
can be found in Noblesse Oblige: The Book of Houses.

Duchy of Coccon

Duke Firedrake
The Iron King

Born in Mobile, Alabama, in 1970, Eugene Hardesty
never knew a normal life. When barely old enough to walk, he
entered his Chrysalis during a Mardi Gras celebration. The
self-styled "Queen of Mobile," an Unseelie
rescued the apparently crazed child from his worried parents
and the paramedics (who were about to take the child to the
psycho ward at the hospital). Nefertiti, as the "queen" called
herself, was amazed when she realized she had stolen a sidhe

shu graybeard,

childling. Her first inclination was to slay him. Then she
realized what a treasure she had found as Eugene explained that
he was Ferdia of House Fiona.

105

ChapcerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom

Ex]

Cotton. She retorted that he already had more than he could
handle in ruling Alabama and that she (whose claim to a duchy
was every bitas legitimate as his) would henceforth rule the Duchy
of Magnolias. Discussions turned to bickering, then to threats and
finally sabotage. Meilge's solution (prompted by the lucrative
bribes from each of them) was not to decide for either of them.
Instead, he proposed that the two of them should marry and rule
jointly, a solution each flatly refused.

Firedrake now regrets that hasty decision as he finds himself
falling deeper in love with Igrania each time they meet. He has
begun to find excuses to have "truce talks" face-to-face, even if it
means causing trouble on her side of the border in order to prompt
another meeting. In order to be nearer Igrania, Duke Firedrake
prefers to spend the majority of his time at Bellemer in Mobile.

SG
SIG

1S

Despite his annoyance over Meilge's insistence that the two
tulers settle it themselves, Duke Firedrake has remained one of
Meilge's chief Unseelie allies. The duke provides Meilge and his
minions with cold iron weapons crafted from the iron ore deposits
so prevalent in the more northerly parts of his duchy. Since
Firedrake is his chief supplier of the potent metal, Meilge has also
dubbed his favorite duke "the Iron King." Though most people
assume he is Seelie, Duke Firedrake has never been so for any
length of time. Brought up by an irreverent Unseelie eshu, he
learned to scorn the more restrictive aspects of courtly behavior.
He supports the monarchy because Meilge's patronage keeps him
in power. While not a member of the true Shadow Court,

LV,

Over the next decades, Nefertiti raised him as her foster-
ling. Both fae -d that he was of the level of nobility that
could claim a duchy, and Nefertiti appealed to King Barabas on
Ferdia's behalf. He was granted a large freehold — former
holding of the Fiona known as Ferris Castle, in what had since
become Montgomery, Alabama. Rekindling the Balefire in the

castle, Ferdia moved there to hold court once amonth. Most of his
time ll spent with Nefertiti in her tiny freehold of Bellemer,
a weathered sea cottage on stilts among a garden of azaleas.

Nefertiti had grown old as she watched over Ferdia. Though
she was better able to cope with Banality since she was a member
of the Shadow Court, she had been a graybeard when she had first
adopted the young sidhe. One day, she went out of Bellemer and
never returned. Ferdia searched for her, but never found any trace.
Once a year, he commissions young knights to search for news of
her. None have found her yet, and Ferdia believes Nefertiti has
long since died. Ferdia has had no contact with his human family
either since the day he was taken by Nefertiti, nor does he feel
anything for them. Were he to run across them in the course of his
life, he would probably ignore them (as he does most humans)
unless they could provide him with Glamour.

Though he oversees his court when necessary, Ferdia loves
creating chimera more than anything else — a holdover from
his childling days when he had many chimerical playmates. To
celebrate being officially named ruler of the Duchy of Cotton,
he created his greatest chimera yet — assisted by his faithful
nocker servant, "Smithie." Together the two of them forged a
wondrous chimera — an enormous red dragon — and awak-
ened in it a great love for and loyalty to Ferdia. Because of this
triumph, Ferdia earned the title "Duke Firedrake."

A few years ago, Duke Firedrake met Igrania, duchess of
Magnolia's Home, a large and powerful freehold in Biloxi,
Mississippi. He was amazed to discover she actually called
herselfa duchess and insisted that her lands were separate from his.
He had claim to Mississippi's freeholds as part of his Duchy of

106 Kingdom of Willows

Firedrake is among those who believe they are privy to the court's
secrets. His Mardi Gras and Samhain celebrations are legendary
and draw both nobles and commoners from all over Concordia.

As his early teaching focused on those Arts that his eshu
mentor taught him, Firedrake is best at the Arts usually not
associated with the noble sidhe. He is a master of both Chicanery
and Legerdemain, is well-versed in Wayfare, and knows a little
Soothsay. He is woefully lacking in Sovereign, which he tries to
hide by pretending to be above using such "sidhe tricks." He is an
excellent sculptor and collects beautiful gemstones.

Chimera: A large fiery-red dragon whose scales glitter like
rubies and whose tongue is made of fire, the chimera Firedrake
created serves as his mount (only when away from prying mortal
eyes) and as a valued companion. The fire dragon lives in Ferris
Castle and is under the delusion that it is Ferdia's seneschal.
Havingattained sentience, the dragon (who sometimes answers to
the name Verminian and sometimes refuses to answer at all) is
quite persistent and very hard to disrupt. Verminian is always left
at the castle and rules the roost whenever the duke is away,
demanding entertainment and feasts of Glamour, both of which
are graciously provided for him.

Image: Duke Firedrake's auburn hair cascades down his
back in waves, framing a face that could make those who read
romance novels swoon. His gray eyes are slightly slanted, giving
him a devilishly roguish look. He often wears Fiona garb, not
because he needs to assert his claims, but because the colors
look so good on him. He usually wears a crimson cloak, which
he swirls dramatically whenever making an entrance or exit.
He always carries a chimerical sword and often has a well-
wrapped cold-iron dagger hidden in a boot.

RK RS aga ee =e Be Dg Ss Sea ge me ge VA

Roleplaying Hints: You love being the center of attention
and being in charge. While you are Unseelie, you are not rabid
about it, Most of the time, you believe you simply think and act
more like a commoner than a noble. Certainly sanctimonious
blather about fairness and bickering over which house should rule
makes you frantic. If wanting excitement, colorand passion in your
life makes you Unseelie, then so be it. Better Unseelie than bored
to death by a duel of honor. Of course, Igrania says she is Seelie, so
they can't be all bad. Maybe you should kidnap her during one of
your peace meetings and show her how much fun being Unseelie
—and your bride — can be.

Story Connection: Heedinga request from Meilge, Firedrake
supplies the king with a cage and several bludgeoning sticks made
of cold iron. He has no idea what use Meilge intends for them; he
just does what he's asked. When David disappears, Firedrake
makes an educated guess how Meilge used them. He heartily
applauds Meilge and keeps the knowledge to himself, confident
that he now knows a major secret of the Shadow Court.

Tgrania of House Guiydion
The Unacknowledged Duchess

Igtania remembers a white palace, long expanses of green
lawn, graceful trees swaying in the cool breeze and beautiful
peacocks strolling in the evening light. It isn't Arcadia she recalls,
but the antebellum mansion called River Landing in Natchez,
Mississippi. She must be content with her memories of it because
she hasnot lived in her main freehold for several years. Instead, she
resides within Magnolia's Home, a small freehold in the Near
Dreaming reached through entering a gateway in a magnificent
old magnolia tree in Biloxi. Knowing the danger of remaining too
long in the Dreaming, Igrania also keeps a small apartment on the
outskirts of the city. Unfortunately, she has misjudged how strong
an effect the Dreaming is having on her and she is beginning to
forget her mortal life prior to her Chrysalis.

She remembers that she was once Wilma Nadine Parm and
vaguely recalls living in Natchez and always loving the lovely
white mansion of River Landing. Igrania believes she hada normal
childhood, but cannot recall any details about it. The first real
memories she can recall are of awakening from a dream, realizing
she wasa changeling and knowing that River Landing was a major
freehold. She walked over to the old mansion — run-down and
sadly in need of repairs — and placed her hand on the front door.
It opened at her touch. No one lived there, but when Igrania
entered, she felt the freehold respond to her. She claimed it as her
own and took the title the Duchess of River Landing.

A few other Kithain made themselves known to her and
acknowledged her as their new ruler, but for the most part, Igrania
was left alone. No one really visited. Her "subjects" are mostly
home-grown commoners who feel uncomfortable in courtly sur-
roundings. After only ashort time in the house, she grew bored and
lonely. Wanting to see the rest of her "duchy" she journeyed to
Biloxi. Delighted with Biloxi, Igrania explored the city and
discovered a small glen that held a magnolia tree. Entering the
magnolia, she found herself in the Near Dreaming. Using Arts she
had not remembered having until that moment, she established a

Sia
aq
,

TSAR

homestead that she called Magnolia's Home. Igrania was pleased
with her new home as she seemed to recall more about her former
life while within it. She decided she was more the Duchess of
Magnolia's Home than of River Landing. Eventually, she emerged,
since she didn't want to enter Bedlam.

Waiting outside the tree was Duke Firedrake. The duke had
been making a quick tour of "his" duchy when he noticed that
someone had entered the glen and claimed the gateway. Because
of Igrania's claim he couldn't simply open the tree and walk in, so
he waited to see who would come out. He was charmed by her
beauty and became even more intrigued when she disputed his
claim to the area.

Determined not to lose her status (as she had already lost
many of her memories), Igrania stood up to Firedrake, refusing to
let him bully her. She claimed the region covered by Mississippi as
her own duchy. He disagreed, pointing out that Meilge, king of
Willows, had granted it to him as part of the Duchy of Cotton. She
retorted, "Then Meilge was wrong to do so, for | hold equal title to
you and have established my claim here. Further, lam of the ruling
House Gwydion and you are not, sir." She made it clear that she
was willing to fight him should he press his claim.

There followed several months of back biting, appeals to the
king, sabotage of one another's resources and attempts to secretly
take over small sites that might serve as advance forts in each
other's territory. Then the rounds of "peace talks" began. Some-
time in the middle of the altercation, Igrania joined the Cat's
Cradle and gained some powerful allies.

Firedrake and Igrania eventually agreed to a truce. At Meilge's
behest, Firedrake proposed marriage, but Igrania refused, not want-
ingtobecome his "pet wife." She madea counter proposal:she would
marry Firedrake but only if he relinquished claim to the Duchy of
Cotton and made her duchess of the whole realm. He refused.

Igrania has traveled to Meilge's court several times to petition
the king to acknowledge her claim. Each time he has refused,

ChapcerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom


saying she and Firedrake must settle their differences before he can
make any decision. Unknown to Igrania, Meilge has no intention
of giving her a duchy; he owes Duke Firedrake too much. Meilge
also does not like Igrania because he knows he cannot control her.
He would like her even less if he knew she had recruited Faerilyth
into the Cat's Cradle.

She knows she should return to River Landing, her main
freehold, but Igrania remains in Biloxi. Though convinced the
duke doesn't really care for her, she prefers to remain close to
Firedrake's freehold in Mobile — to keep an eye on him, so she
claims. She has been so concemed with holding onto her region
that she has done little to actually rule it thus far. She hopes to
remedy that soon, for she keenly feels she has not been a very good
tuler to the Kithain of the Duchy of Magnolia's Home. She is
especially concerned by reports she's been receiving lately ofanew
changeling religious group operating near Biloxi.

Igrania's Arts reflect the abilities she brought with her from
the Dreaming. She knows much of Dream-Craft, Soothsay and
Sovereign and is conversant with Wayfare. Naturally graceful,
Igrania dances well and practices Tai Chi (though she can't
remember learning either one). She also recalls complex combat
maneuvers without knowing why.

Image: Her regal posture belies the fact that Igrania barely
tops five feet. She is a tiny bit too muscular to be called slender.
Wiry and flexible, she wears jeans and T-shirts with as much grace
and comportment as a court gown in her house colors. Her hair is
dark brown with a hint of red highlights, and her eyes a light hazel
that looks amber in certain lights. She has a beauty mark just
beneath the outer edge of her right eye.

Roleplaying Hints: You mask your confusion with a bold,
forthright manner. Although you cannot remember much, you
know youareaduchessand deserve your own duchy —that you will
never back down on. Unfortunately, youare all too aware that you
should be doing more to rule your duchy and fighting less with
Firedrake over his claim to it. If you could only recall more you

ON VRS

could get the upper hand, but you aren't certain where to start
looking for clues to what you cannot remember. Despite your
pretensions that Firedrake disgusts you (he is obviously Unseelie,
afterall), you treasure your meetings with him. Perhaps youshould
cease the hostilities and invite him to River Landing. Then you
could insist he remain as your guest until you can convince him to
forfeit his claim to your lands. Of course, it isn't just his lands you're
interested in....

Story Connection: Asa member of the Cat's Cradle, Igrania
might be asked to investigate David's disappearance. It shouldn't
be too hard for her to figure out that Firedrake had something to
do with it (he is smirking too much). She might also defend
Faerilyth from those who accuse the queen of foul play, since
Igrania sees Faerilyth as something of a little sister. In any case, she
intends to chaperone the queen through the rest of her tour of
Concordia.

The Right Reverend
Perseverance QDacchews

Brought up on the evangelical tent circuit, Perseverance
Matthews spent his youth acting asa living prop in his father's tent
services. He learned first-hand how to stage a show, work a crowd
and fake faith healings. The marks loved it when the child helped
bring them forward to receive his father's healing touch. He would
look up at them, eyes shining guilelessly and tell them, "Papa's
gonna make you all better now. Praise the Lord!" Perseverance
loved the pageantry — people dressed in beautiful clothes, the
choir singing uplifting songs, listening to his father's melodious
voice preaching and audience members coming forward, hope in
their hearts. Dreams of a better life mingled with his father's
dreams of wealth and fame. In retrospect, ifhe hadn'tbeen touched
by the Glamour, his life would have been strange.

By the age of five, Perseverance had already felt the pull of his
other half. He loved sitting on the pier near the ocean, and he had
a special taste for fish. Sometimes he dreamed he was flying. The
only difficulty Perseverance faced was his mother's impatience
with his constant lying. He tried to tell her the truth, but some-
thing inside him twisted his words around and he wound up lying.
He took to saying little other than the lines he memorized for the
show. It never occurred to either of his parents that if he could say
them, they must be lies.

Just after his part in the show one evening, he went backstage
for a snack (as usual). Suddenly, however, one of the people he'd
just led forward started screaming, "Halleujah!," and a wave of
Glamour engulfed him. Rolling beneath some unused movable
bleachers, he entered his Chrysalis. As he entered the dream, he
felt himself changing. His feet spread and his arms crooked and
became feathered; his jaw extended as he shrank, folding in on
himself. He had become a pelican. Delighted with thisnew talent,
he changed back and forth. Then he settled back to bask in the
Glamour pouring from the audience.

Suddenly, someone else was with him. An older boy, some-
where in his teens, was bending over him. The boy was huge ,with
fists like country hams. Persey blinked, and the boy's blue skin and
horns became visible. He recognized the older changeling as a

|


troll. Vorint (the troll) led Persey away from the revival and spoke
to him about being a changeling. He asked if Persey wanted to
leave home and offered to teach him what he needed to know.
Persey actually liked living at home and refused. He did take
Vorint up on his offer to teach him, however. Thus began Persey's
double life.

With Vorint's teaching, Persey learned several Arts and
something about changeling society. He even founda tiny spot he
claimed as his own freehold. Pelican's Roost looks like a particu-
larly run-down boathouse, but it's all his.

After discovering his true nature, Persey found that he could
gather Glamour from the people who came to his father's revivals.
He could even invoke more by his actions. An attractive boy, his
role in the show had grown along with him. Now he did a mini-
sermon before escorting people up for the healings. By now, he
even recognized some of the regulars, people his father paid $10 to
change their disguises weekly, attend the show and be miracu-
lously "healed" of various illnesses and injuries.

Then Persey's parents were killed in a car crash. He inherited
the tent, the chairs, the podium, a trunk full of Bibles and hymnals
and a choir of eight people who wanted to be paid. Realizing he
would have to earn money somehow, Persey took over where his
father left off. He spent $15 on fliers advertising the Right
Reverend Perseverance Matthew's New Hope Crusade. The re-
sponse was all he could have wanted. People came from miles
around to hear the new preacher and witness the faith healing he
promised.

Aspeople began moving to the front, Persey suddenly remem-
bered that he hadn't hired any shills to pretend they were healed.
Then he noticed the young mother holding her newborn baby.
Her eyes begged him to heal her child. Drawn to her fearful, yet
powerful dreams for her child, Persey walked toward her. He
handed the woman acheap card with a hand-drawn crosson it and
placed a similar card in the baby's tiny hand. Hoping he could
remember what Vorint had taught him, he enchanted them both
and used Heather Balm on the baby. The child's pinched face
gained some color, and she began to breathe more easily.

Since that time, Lena (the young mother) has become a
devoted follower and quite dear to him. Repeated healings of her
baby Merri have eased the child's illness. Though he has been
unable to fully heal her, Persey has great hopes that he'lleventually
discover a faerie treasure that can do so. His ministry is very
popular, and he uses his talents to help those most in need. He has
recently had difficulty preaching, however, for he is actually
beginning to believe that he might have been called to be exactly
what he is. His New Hope Church of the Shining Path has begun
to attract other changelings as well, starting with his old mentor
Vorint. Though he has spent a little time within his freehold, his
many commitments to his ministry have meant he must spend
most of his time outside it. He has made no effort to keep from
becoming a grump since he believes the faithful find an older
preacher more comforting and believable than a young kid.

When not preaching or answering mail from his many fans,
Persey likes changing into pelican form and flying out over the
ocean in search of an impromptu sushi dinner. His newest interest

%,

is searching any faerie archives he can find to discover if there
exists anything that can heal the little girl he is coming to think of
as his daughter.

Persey excels at both Chicanery and Primal. He isan inspired
speaker (all the more interesting because his exaggerated stories
provide entertainment value beyond the religious message they
impart), and is very surprised to discover he is also a good father.
Even withoutpreaching, Persey could drawa crowd just by singing.

Image: Of medium height and build, Persey has brown hair
and eyes. His face isslightly rounded and his jaw prominent. Persey
usually has a serious look whenever he is preaching, but smiles
frequently when offstage. He is beginning to develop a little bit of
a paunch due to Lena's excellent cooking.

Roleplaying Hints: You started out as the ultimate con man
and wound up believing your own blather. Your father never really
healeda soul, but you have seen the evidence of your power tohelp
others. You now believe your powers were given to you by the
creator. Your chief disappointment has been that you cannot fully
heal Merri. You have heard rumors of a great faerie treasure called
the Cup of Dreams, said to be able to heal any affliction. You have
been combing through stories and libraries seeking any reference
to the cup you can find. Ifit really and if anyone can locate
it, you will. Merri's life depends on it.

Story Connection: It is possible that by the time David is
found, he will be so beaten down by Banality that he can only be
healed with the legendary Cup of Dreams. Persey may be the key
to finding the cup. He might also be the key to using it effectively.

Duchy of the Detca Crescenc

Lisecce Levay, Voodoo Queen
Duchess of the Delca Crescent

Born into a Cajun family in the bayous near New Orleans,
Lisette knew from childhood that she might someday undergo
achange. Black Spiral Dancer Kinfolk, the Levays took note of

Bey

ChapzerFour: Kichain of the Kingdom


2,

Lisette's differences (time outs when she seemed to be some-
where else, her penchant for talking to people who weren't
there) and assumed she'd be changing into a werewolfsomeday.
Instead, she underwent her Chrysalis during Carnival soon
after puberty. A motley of changelings acting as one of the
Carnival Krewes found her and helped her through the change.

Lisette discovered she was a sidhe, a noble faerie of House
Balor named Lisaniettia. Knowing what a disappointment
she'd be to her hopeful family as a mere "fairy," she decided to
disappear. She took a job asa waitress ina small beer-and-oyster
joint in the French Quarter and got an apartment with three
other girls. On her days off she explored the French Quarter,
then branched out to the rest of the city. She found few other
changelings within city limits. All the wrought iron in the city
bothered their delicate fae natures. Finally meeting another
member of House Balor, she discovered that her house had
little difficulty with cold iron. She also heard about the Shadow
Court — and thought it sounded really cool. Almost on a par
with being a Black Spiral Dancer.

Lisette found life as a waitress all too boring, however, and
decided she should meet some new people. Styling herself as a
voodoo queen, she began performing fortune telling ata nearby
bookshop, reading palms, cards and tea leaves. After only a
short time, she found it more lucrative giving readings than
waiting tables and quit her first job. Further, she was able to tell
from her clients which of them possessed the ability to feed
Glamour to her through their creativity. Even more frighten-
ing, she started communing with the dead for real. Contacted
by a group known as the pilgrims of the Bright Road, Lisette
learned about walking the Bright Road, hoping to cheat her
death and reincarnate as a sidhe when the time came.

LL

"Vy

OX,

ad

In the years that followed, Lisette made contact with
various criminal groups in New Orleans, including the Setites.
She also renewed her contact with her Black Spiral Kinfolk and
learned of her other kin, called Fomorians. Acting on their
information, she discovered and claimed an abandoned free-
hold called Spirit Hall in the swamps of Barataria south of the
city. Setting herself up as the Voodoo Queen of New Orleans,
she invited the area's other changelings to come to her "court"
and party. Utilizing the swamp's spooky atmosphere, Lisette
tells fortunes atop the stump of an old, twisted cypress tree that
marks the boundary of her freehold. Sometimes she even
summons "haints."

After the other changelings acclaimed her ruler of the city,
she followed the suggestion of her fellow Shadow Court mem-
bers and appealed to Meilge to declare her ruler of the Duchy
of the Delta Crescent. Utilizing her drug contacts through the
Setites, Lisette began supplying Meilge's gangs in return for his
patronage. On the advice of the Shadow Court, Lisette claimed
to be of House Eiluned rather than House Balor. Meilge was
delighted to accommodate her.

For now, she is content to consolidate her allies and learn
what she can from the Shadow Court. Soon, however, she
won't be happy ruling just the duchy. Meilge's job appeals to
her; she's just not sure she wants to live in Atlanta...

110 Kingdom of Willows

For all her acquired urban sophistication, Lisette is a child
of the bayou. She grew up surviving in the swamps, learning to
hunt, fish and run a skiff. She relies on her skills in fortune
telling and in bamboozling the people who come to her to read
their future. Lisette has mastered the Arts of Chicanery and
Soothsay and is well-versed in the strange Art of Chronos.
She's working on Sovereign, hoping that knowledge of that Art
will prove helpful in her drive toward greater power. She has
begun classes in martial arts and is a dead shot with a rifle.

Treasures: Lisette doesn't own any treasures but has
access to all the ingredients for making both Dreambane and
Dreamshield. Though she lacks the enormous wealth needed
to make it in quantity, she could probably trade favors for just
a little of the potent drug and its antidote.

Image: At 5' 10" and almost 170 pounds, Lisette towers
over most other women. She has short, curly brown hair and
green eyes. When she does her fortune telling she wears a long,
black wig and colorful "voodoo queen" clothing. She disdains
court attire, preferring comfortable jeans, tunics and boots. As
a member of House Balor, Lisette has a deformity: a twisted
knee that makes her limp.

Roleplaying Hints: You revel in being Unseelie like a child
enjoys the sensation of being "bad." Although you still enjoy
partying and thumbing your nose at authority, you are beginning
to appreciate power more. While it's nice to be "queen," you wish
you had more control over the Shadow Court. Sometimes you get
tired of following their "suggestions." Someday, you'll be powerful
and popular enough to issue orders to them. After all, they taught
you that House Balor should be in command; they ought to realize
that sooner or later you'll be true to your house.

Story Connection: Lisette's drug connections among the
Shadow Court provide the expertise in combining Glamour
with a narcotic that makes the imbiber very suggestible. Called
Dreambane, it is the drug Meilge gives to David. Lisette is
unhappy when Riel gives the secret to Meilge. She had hoped
to use it on the King of Willows to make him abdicate in her
favor. She might be persuaded to tell what she knows in return
for a promise to name her the new Queen of Willows.

Pearl

Baroness of the Big Easy

Patsy never knew her parents. She grew up in the Bakerman
Home for Children. As one of dozens of black orphans, she had
little hope of being adopted. Even that small hope faded as she
garnered a reputation for strangeness. She talked to her doll as
if it were alive, always pausing as though the doll were answer-
ing her; she said that the animals on the wallpaper danced for
her at night. Nobody adopted her, and the house parents
explained to her that talking and dancing animals and dolls
weren't real. Gradually, she lost the ability to see such things.

She'd almost forgotten her early dreams when she saw her
first live play. It wasn't even a professional production, just a
local high school drama class' dress rehearsal, but she was
enthralled with it and became infused with Glamour. She
didn't go back to the home.


Patsy entered her Chrysalis right there in the theater.
When she became aware of the mortal realm once again, she
was wandering through New Orleans toward the docks. Mov-
ing as though called, she boarded a seedy-looking riverboat. It
felt like coming home for the first time in her life. On board she
found Quillan, a grump nocker who had kept the afloat. He was
too drunk to have found her earlier, but was civil enough to
allow her to stay aboard.

Exploring the craft, Patsy realized it was an old showboat.
It was also a movable freehold. Naturally, the entire boat was
not enchanted, but a central cabin flanked by two others held
a small Balefire within it. Though Quillan had tended the
freehold's Balefire for years, he had almost lost interest in life
until Patsy arrived on his doorstep. Her excitement about
turning the ship into an actual showboat again rekindled
Quillan's fading Glamour, and he helped her refurbish it.
Several coats of paint and auditions later, the Mississippi Pearl
was open for business. Patsy, renamed Pearl, starred in many of
the productions.

Paddlewheeling up the Mississippi from New Orleans to
Memphis, they offered a four-day cruise, two plays, two variety

shows, a little old-fashioned riverboat gambling (in costume;
outfits provided for a small fee), fine cooking and a special
afternoon storytelling session by Pearl. Mortals and Kithain
alike have discovered the potent dreams evoked by the ro-
mance of the riverboat.

Duchess Lisette discovered the Mississippi Pearl and was
enchanted by the whole idea. At least once a year, she travels
round trip on the boat, up to Memphis and back to New
Orleans. Though she knows both Quillan and Pearl are Seelie,
she enjoys their hospitality so much she has named Pearl the
Baroness of the Big Easy and Quillan the Baron of the River.
Their titles have not been approved by Meilge (in fact, he
knows nothing of them), but Pearl truly believes she has been
made a noble. Quillan isn't so certain.

Over time Pearl has become a marvelous actress and
storyteller. She is also a first-class riverboat pilot, when such is
needed. Though Quillan has attempted to teach her how to
maintain and repair their riverboat, she is all thumbs when it
comes to mechanical affairs. On the other hand, Pearl has
become quite good atkeepingaccountsand making the riverboat
a financial success. As might be expected of an eshu, her most
accomplished Art is Wayfare, though she is also proficient in
Legerdemain and Primal.

Image: At 5' 6" and 115 pounds, with café-au-lait skin,
heavy black hair and warm brown eyes, Pearl looks much like
many other young women in New Orleans. When she steps on
stage, however, her eshu nature shines through, converting her
from a somewhat attractive woman into a beautiful star. She
blossoms when in costume, whether it is for a stage show or in
garb for attending court.

Roleplaying Hints: You have found what you most wanted
in life. You love traveling aboard the Mississippi Pearl, perform-
ing for appreciative audiences, and you adore Quillan despite
his pretense of being an unmitigated grouch. You've gathered
a wonderful group of changelings and mortals together to
perform aboard the riverboat. You've even gained the friend-
ship of the Duchess of New Orleans. She has made both youand
Quillan nobles, something you never expected. Your life has
really become just like a fairy tale and you couldn't be happier.

Story Connection: Although Pearl has no direct connec-
tion with the story, one or more of the tales she knows might
hold a clue or hint that helps restore David to his faerie nature
once he is found.

Duchy of Fatmecco
Duke Anzoan (AN-cwan)

Antoan was born in Charleston, South Carolina, soon
after his parents immigrated from Vietnam in 1972. He grew up
attending public school and working in the family's Chinese-

Vietnamese restaurant after class. Brought up to work hard, to
respect his elders and to embrace traditional values, it took him
until he was almost 18 before he underwent his Chrysalis.
Strangely, he was enwrapped in Glamour that he would
never have experienced had he not broken away enough
from his family to skip work and go to a rock concert. A
whole new world opened for him. Taken from the concert
hall by Mischala, the Duchess of Palmetto, he became aware
of his fae nature. Duchess Mischala was much older than
Antoan, a graybeard of House Fiona whose patronage was

instrumental in bringing the Spoleto Festival to Charleston
while Antoan was still a child. The young sidhe discovered
that he was a noble of House Liam, that his house was not
regarded highly, and that Mischala believed the rest of the
proud sidhe would have a fit when they learned that a sidhe

had been born into a refugee family!

Mischala took Antoan (who told her he was under a geas
never to reveal his fae name) under her wing, then into her bed.
Antoan tried to keep up both lives for a time, but exhausted

ChapcerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom

aS


Lf
Le

7K

Vv

LD

OR

Ly

yon
KY >

WE

ai Wy)

himself and tried his parents' patience. After afew months, he
announced that he was moving out. Arguments and recrimina-
tions mixed with his mother's, brothers' and sisters' tears
followed. In the end, though, his family gave its blessings.

Antoan opened himself to many new experiences, em-
bracing all sorts of dance, music, theater and the visual arts. He
even developed the ability to glean Glamour from gourmet
cuisine. He and Mischala were inseparable. In mortal society,
things were less pleasant. Charleston society demanded certain
behavior from its elite. While Mischala came from an old,
respected and moneyed family, her choice to take up with an
"Oriental boy" met with stony silence and snubs. Badly hurt by
the attitude and the Banality attached to it, Mischala withdrew
into herself. She stopped attending concerts and the theater;
she refused to even leave her freehold.

Antoan did what he could, even offering to leave so she
could regain her standing. She refused, terrified of losing him.
Antoan didn't fully understand what was happening to Mischala
until she entered the second stage of Bedlam. Realizing what
her budding insanity was doing to the land and to her, Antoan
took her captive and forced her to leave the freehold. He made
her face Banality, then took her to an exclusive facility where
she could receive treatment.

Rather than leave the land without a ruler, since he
himself was of the level of nobility to claim such, he assumed
the title of duke pro tem. Though he intended it to be
temporary until Mischala regained her senses, he was imme-
diately attacked by the other nobles of the Kingdom of
Willows as a usurper. Criticism concerning his handling of
the affair reached epic proportions, especially since Mischala
was a grump, and it was possible he had forever robbed her
of her faerie nature.

Within a few months, Mischala was well enough to return to
Palmetto Court, but Antoan also rented a lovely house set back
from the road and draped by live oaks covered with Spanish moss

112
We

Kingdom of Willows

so she would not fall prey to Bedlam again. Though she now
looked almost 40 and he a mere 20, they renewed their life »
together. Despite his attempt to return her title, Mischala
refused it, saying she just wanted to enjoy herself. Gradually a
few of the other nobles have accepted Antoan as Mischala's
chosen heir, though Meilge has yet to ratify her choice. Most
of Meilge's nobles choose to ignore Antoan, seeing him as a
black sheep among them. Almost all of them believe that he is
an opportunist or at best a gigolo; they whisper that blood will
tell and after all, he's from the untrustworthy oathbreakers of
House Liam.

The duke has had to be content with supporting the arts
and preservation of the beauties of Charleston. Though he
hosts a gala each year to which he invites all the nobles of
Willows, few accept. He also finds himself faced with a hard
choice: Mischala is fully a grump now, and is finding it harder
to retain Glamour in the face of her own Banality. Antoan can
either allow her to spend more time in the freehold with the
chancing that she will slip into Bedlam again, or insist that she
spend most of her time in the mundane world and watch her
slip completely away from him in to Banality.

Antoan has concentrated on the Arts of Primal and Soothsay,
hoping to use them to help Mischala. Though he knows much of
Sovereign, he rarely uses it. He is an excellent cook, and has spent
a good deal of time learning how to fight with sword and spear.

Image: Short and slender, with dark-golden skin, straight
black hair and dark-brown slanted eyes, Antoan is quite hand-
some. He wears the colors of his house proudly when in Palmetto
Court and at any faerie gatherings he attends. When not in court,
he dresses appropriately for his surroundings — black tie at the
‘opera, sports shirt and jeans for an informal shrimp cookout. He
has a smile for anyone who doesn't treat him as an inferior.

Roleplaying Hints: You held a high position among the
nobles of House Liam, though you are now under a geas never to
reveal your true name to anyone not in Arcadia. You have loved
Mischala ever since you first met her. You know others suspect
your motives; if they only knew the torture you are enduring as you
think about losing her either to Banality ormadness, they wouldn't
think so poorly of you. You try to be a good duke and hope the land
is prosperous under your rule. You'd give it all up, however, if you
could find the key to making Mischala young again.

Story Connection: Antoan has no direct connection to the
story. He was not invited to the masquerade, and is not popular
with his fellow nobles. Of course, this also gives him a unique
perspective on the kingdom.

Ciencilla
CDiscress of the Gullah Free Lands

Born aboard a shrimp boat in the waters surrounding the Sea
Islands of South Carolina, Cinnamon grew up steeped in the lore
of her people. Descendants of the slaves who once worked South
Carolina's rice plantations, the islanders speak a patois of African,
West Indian, Irish and English known as Gullah or "Geechee."
From the beginning, she learned every story, every piece of occult
lore and each craft her neighbors could teach her. She also worked


aboard her family's shrimp boat and wove baskets from sweet grass
and willow twigs to supplement the family's income.

Her people's language and culture provided many stories
and art forms that fed the young girl Glamour, and she became
aware of her eshu nature while still quite young. When she
entered her Chrysalis, she found a whole community of eshu
among the islanders, who welcomed her into their midst.
Granny Henrietta took Cinnamon (or Cientilla, her faerie
name) as her special ward, adopting the young girl as her heir.

Over time, Henrietta explained to Cientilla that an eshu
enclave had claimed a large freehold on one of the islands for
several hundred years. They had arrived with the slaves and,
rather than traveling the world as is their wont, they had settled
together and used their Arts to try to better the lives of their
human kin. More than most other groups, the Gullah had lived
in such close proximity to the fae for so long that many of them
knew that the eshu walked among them; some even knew the
signs when anew eshu "bloomed" and became a "helpful spirit."
Many among the Gullah believed that the eshu protected them
from intrusion by "haints," keeping the ghosts at bay by bribing
them with stories to entertain them in the afterlife.

Cientilla learned that the Gullah Free States bowed to no
other faeries. While commoners claimed sovereignty over
various territories during the Interregnum, the eshu of the Sea
Islands made it clear they were independent of such claims.
Since the return of the nobles, who stepped in and claimed
many of the same places as the commoners, Cientilla has led
the eshu of the islands in refusing to acknowledge them. No
overlord has ruled the Sea Islands since slavery was abolished.
Nor will the eshu bow to outside rule ever again.

Like her mentor, Cientilla learned to appreciate the intri-
cate artistry of well-made baskets and bright quilts. She discov-
ered that if she told good stories when visiting neighbors, most
were happy to gift her with a basket, a handmade doll or even
anew dress ora quilt in return for her tales. Many of those items
held Glamour within them. She also discovered her gift for
winding those tales among more conventional fare when
giving tours of the islands to vacationers.

Cientilla has made it her life's work to compile a history of
the Gullah people and of the eshu who traveled with them to
the new world. Many of her works reside in the Black History
Museum in Beaufort, and she is much in demand asastoryteller
during that city's annual Gullah Festival held each May.

In the nearly 80 years since her Chrysalis, Cientilla has
become one of the most respected lore keepers of the black
people of the islands and a world-famous historian and story-
teller. She has occasionally traveled to festivals to tell her tales,
but she feels most comfortable in "the place she was put," as she
says. So far as she knows, she is the oldest living changeling in
the United States who has not succumbed to Banality. She
plans to add at least another 20 years to that record before she
even considers "going quietly."

While Cientilla knows a little something about almost every
Art, she is practiced only in Wayfare and Soothsay. She isa master
storyteller and no slouch at basketry and herbal remedies. Though

she used to be quite proud of her dancing, age has made her bones
too brittle to risk more than a sedate step or two nowadays.

Image: Cientillaisa little over 5'2" and barely 90 pounds. Her
ebony face looks like a wrinkled apple, but her deep brown eyes
shine with intelligence though framed with age lines. She wears
her gray hair wound intoa braid atop her head. Cientillaneverhad
much patience with courtly garb, preferring instead to wear men's
suspendered trousers and shirt with an apron while shrimping and
aplain house dress when attending church. In modern times, she
likes wearing colorful caftans and African-inspired garb — so long
as it's comfortable.

Roleplaying Hints: You guess you've lived long enough to
know a thing or two. Most of the other eshu look up to youas the
head of the community now, as if age made you any better suited
to lead! You always thought leadership was kind of overrated
anyway. People should rely on themselves and their neighbors. Of
course, if these newfangled faeries who've started coming down
your way looking for Glamour have their way, all the fae over 30
may get kicked out the door so the young‘uns can take over. If
they's so smart, how come they cain't speak Gullah when it's an
eshu tongue? Maybe you ain't ready to go just yet, leastwise not
until you learn‘em a thing or two.

Story Connection: None, but she'd make a great character to
harry player characters with as she punctures overinflated egos.

Duchy of che Triangle

Duke CDurdoch of House Dougal
"The Professor

Camden Douglas was born and raised in Glasgow, Scot-
land. An attractive boy, ifa little scatterbrained, he had no real
direction in life. Nothing particularly interested him, and most
days he was content to miss school. At the age of 10, just before the
exams that would determine whether he went on to higher

ChapcerFour: Kichain of the Kingdom


education or trade school, Camden underwenta major personality
shift. The year was 1969. Arriving through a trod from Arcadia,
Murdoch of House Douglas sent Camden's essence to Arcadia and
took the boy's place. Camden fell victim toa car crash that left his
left shoulder crooked and slightly higher than his right. After he
came out of the hospital, he was allowed to take his exams. It
seemed to his teachers and parents that the accident had changed
Camden in remarkable ways. He was still somewhat scatter-
brained, but his academic abilitiesseemed to blossom. Where once
he was a poor student at best, now he absorbed knowledge —
especially anything to do with science and mechanics — as if
starving for it. He passed the exams.

<V

S

During the next few years, Murdoch concentrated on being
Camden, on earning several degrees in mechanical engineering
and theoretical sciences and in making contact with other sidhe
of House Dougal who had returned from Arcadia. His greatest
achievements were not for mortal consumption, however, but
blended practical (and a few whimsical) items with Glamour to
create wondrous treasures, An Eiluned duke named Meilge, who
lived in America, heard ofhisdesignsand commissioned Murdoch
to design and build a mask for him to hide terrible scars left from
the Accordance Wars. Understanding how a terribly disfigured
sidhe felt, Murdoch turned all his talent and abilities in the Arts
tothe task of constructinga mask to hide the duke's face. The final
ce in alabaster and gold.

product was a masterpi

His designs were attracting attention in the mortal world as
well, and he was asked to teach as a guest lecturer for a semester at
the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He accepted.
Once in the Triangle area (encompassing Raleigh, Durham and
Chapel Hill) with its prestigious universities, innovative medical
faciliti arch areas and plethora of arts, he became enchanted
with the region. Before him lay a vast playground where he could
tinker to his heart's delight — and even interact with mortals
whose dreams paralleled his own.

Meilge had meanwhile become King of Willows. The

king heard that Murdoch was now living in North Carolina.
He was delighted that the talented sidhe was within his own
kingdom. Contacting Murdoch, Meilge helped the engineer
apply for and receive permanent alien-resident status. Then,
hoping to both reward the creator of his mask and to stabilize
the area and offset the rowdy changelings of Appalachia, he
created a new duchy and made Murdoch the Duke of the
Triangle.

Murdoch has no idea that Meilge is anything but a won-
derful, generous fellow. He loves his new home, especially his
freehold located on a quiet residential street in Chapel Hill. He
has attracted an assistant who helps him in his dream lab, a
nocker named Langolier, and enjoys teaching almost as much
as he enjoys puttering around in his lab.

Most of his students just call him "the Professor," appar-
ently some sort of reference to an old television show about a
group of island dwellers. A few call him "Vulcan," a reference
he does understand and actually appreciates; he has no quarrel
with being compared to the smith of the gods. Though a
popular lecturer, he tends to be a little scatterbrained some-
times, even walking out of the classroom in mid-lecture on
occasion. Murdoch realizes that he sometimes enters his fae
seeming during class; he just can't help it when he feels the
Glamour that pours from his students as they realize dreams
they've held since childhood and create amazing new things.
Strangely, no mortals ever seem to connect him with the fae,
though one overly bright student once asked if he was the son
of Ether or some such.

While he isn't terribly predictable, the duke tries to hold
court once a month for any Kithain to attend and speak with
him concerning grievances, difficulties or requests. Such courts
are almost always held sometime during the first week of the
month (unless the duke forgets). He has recently become
enamored of a comely satyr lass named Cissy. He wants to hold
a dance at court and invite her to be his companion for the
evening, but spending so much time in the lab has left him
bereft of social skills. For now, he's going out of his way to be
where she might be and sending her terrible love poetry —
anonymously, of course.

Murdoch is well-versed in all the Arts of the Kithain, the
better to utilize them in making his treasures. He is a master
craftsman with a deft touch (almost the equal of nockers) in
creating chimera. His skills run more toward engineering,
smithing and computers than courtly abilities. He is currently
taking a dance course so he'll be able to escort Cissy around the
dance floor without treading on her hooves. As a loyal Scot,
Murdoch learned to play the bagpipes, though the sounds he
produces from them are closer to the moans of the damned than
what anyone might identify as music.

Treasures: At any given time, Murdoch might have just
about any strange treasure lying around in his lab. Whether it
is useful or not is another story...

Image: Murdoch looks fairly nondescript in his mortal
guise, with short brown hair and blue eyes. He is of average
height and weight and wears trousers, white shirts and sports


jackets (with a pocket protector crammed with pens, measur-
ing devices and such). His left shoulder is higher than his right,
giving hima slightly hunched look. In his fae form, he fills out
more, becoming noticeably more muscular. His hair lengthens
and curls. Strangely, rather than court garb, his voile is a suit of
leathers suitable for working at the forge. The duke speaks with
aslight Scottish burr that is becoming mixed with a tiny bit of
Southern cadence.

Roleplaying Hints: You enjoy living in the Triangle and
having so many creative minds to speak and work with. You
know your treasures and therefore are popular with many
Kithain, and you enjoy the challenges they set you to make
them wondrous items. Your one regret is that you haven't spent
much time on the softer pursuits — learning courtly manners
and how to woo a lady. You're determined to learn however.
Nothing is beyond you when you really set your mind to it —
except weaning Langolier, your assistant, away from the lab
long enough to eat!

Story Connection: Murdoch created Meilge's mask. Should
anyone question Meilge's apparent ability to lie with complete
impunity, Murdoch might eventually figure out what's going
on and explain the phenomenon. Though he attends the
masquerade, he has gotten up the nerve to invite Cissy to
accompany him and is far too concerned with entertaining her
to notice anything strange going on with Meilge.

‘Rooscer' Langolier
Duke COurdochs Assiscanc

Richard Langley came of age in Charlotte, a city on the
upswing and a vital part of the New South's move toward
urbanization and sophistication. Despite the prosperity of the
city, Langley's parents were blue-collar workers; his mother was
a waitress, and his father a mechanic at a local gas station.

Richard grew up "fixin' stuff." As soon as he was old
enough to hold a screwdriver, he started taking things apart to
see how they worked and putting them back together again —
often in unexpected ways. Soon, the Langley house was blessed
with an alarm clock's with backward-running hands, the tele-
vision in which the sound only worked when it was hooked up
to the washing machine and a hair dryer that played a local FM
station. Seeing his son's promise as first-class mechanic, it wasn't
long before the elder Langley took his boy to work with him.

His Chrysalis didn't seem to change Richard's obsession
with tinkering much; it just made him more critical of flaws.
Soon Richard was fixing cars his father couldn't repair and
creating weird devices he hid in his "special" room in the garage.
For his 16th birthday, his parents bought him his first fixer-upper
car and Langolier (as he now called himself except when with his
parents) discovered a lifelong passion — stock-car racing.

While he wasn't particularly interested in driving the
stock cars, he was crazy to invent new and better ways of
making them faster. He was soon a usual fixture around the
Speedway, hanging around teams, talking with designers
and watching the cars' performance at the track. He made
himself thoroughly unpopular with his constant carping and

oarey
wyrn Ry)

suggestions for improvements. He got the nickname Rooster
because people said he was constantly crowing about his
own abilities. Despite his obvious talent working with the
cars, none of the teams would take him on because he was so
unpleasant. One more kindly soul told him to look him up
again when he grew some manners.

Angry because no one would give him a chance, Langolier
got in his souped-up car and drove at random. Reaching Chapel
Hill, the nocker realized he hadn't eaten in a while. He parked
on Franklin Street (a minor miracle in itself) and went to a
local eatery. There he met Murdoch, whose first words to him
were, "What a great car! Did you do the customizing yourself?"
A beautiful friendship was born.

Langolier and Murdoch spent several hours talking
combustion engines and aerodynamics. Murdoch took the
nocker to his apartment, and they poured over designs,
photographs and various machine parts for half the night.
Langolier had never felt better. Looking at his newfound
friend, Langolier suddenly realized that the Professor was
actually a sidhe and that he himself had slipped into his
nocker mien. The discussion took a turn as they discussed
chimerical improvements and crafting. Langolier wasn't
that surprised when Murdoch asked if he wanted to move to
Chapel Hill and become the sidhe's lab assistant. He was
much more surprised to learn that Murdoch was the duke.

Despite his nocker penchant for sniping and finding fault,
Langolierand Duke Murdoch get on quite well together. As the
sidhe's assistant, he gets the chance to work on projects he
would never have originated himself, and he occasionally gains
Glamour from some of the duke's more ambitious designs. Still
he has plenty of time to devote to his own work. Between them,
Murdoch and Langolier have designed and constructed a
stock-car engine they hope to have on the racing circuit next
year. They haven't found a driver yet, but Langolier is certain
one will turn up.

ChapcerFour: Kichain of the Kingdom


As might be expected, Langolier excels in Legerdemain and
Wayfare. He has been toying with learning both Primal and
Chicanery, but has not had time to learn more than the basics. He
is an excellent mechanic and quite good at theoretical sciences,
though he rarely displays such talents. Despite his claims that he's
a "workingman," many of Langolier's chimerical creations are as
beautiful as they are functional.

Image: Langolier's nickname "Rooster" may have had as
much to do with his appearance as his bragging. He has a bright
mop of orange-red hair that tops a long face with a prominent
nose and thin lips. His small, dark eyes peek out from under-
neath tufted brows, and his Adam's apple sticks out like a ball
caught in his throat. He is tall and gawky and wears oil-smeared
clothes. In his fae mien, his skin is red, his hair is white and he
always dresses smartly. Aside from that, he looks much the
same.

Roleplaying Hints: You are as content as any nocker can be
in an imperfect world. Of course, something always gums up the
works, and your comfortable rapport with the duke may yet be
destroyed by a pretty face and a pair of fur britches attached to a
satyr minx named Cissy. Why can't things ever be perfect?
Sometimes you get so angry you just have to destroy everything
you've made so you can enjoy starting over. Of course, the duke
doesn't understand that. Pity; In many other ways, he's the perfect
companion.

Story Connection: None, unless he somehow comes into
possession of Meilge's mask. He might be able to figure out
some of Caliburn's powers, but the sword might not survive the
investigation.

Duchy of Appalachia

Duchess Dianan

Born in Jonesborough, Tennessee, Dana McClelland spent
her childhood exploring the foothills of the Blue Ridge Moun-
tains. Even asa child she loved to read, delighting in fairy tales
and romance stories. Whenever her mother caught her with a
book, however, she always seemed to have something else
Dana needed to do — shelling peas, hanging the washing,
doing the dishes, sweeping the porch or darning socks. She
often told her daughter that idle hands and a book on make-
believe would lead her to a bad end.

Since there was no television at Dana's house, she visited
her school friends on weekends. Attending a pajama party, she
discovered that many of her friends also enjoyed telling and
listening to stories — especially scary ones. Almost every scary
tale featured a frail, but plucky heroine who was rescued from
a fate worse than death by a tall, dark, mysterious stranger. She
tried to picture herself in such roles and decided she'd want to
be a little more self-sufficient. Why can't the heroine ever
rescue herself? she wondered. Still, flawed stories were better
than none, and even some of the sillier television programs
piqued her interest.

Aslongasshe couldremember, each October Jonesborough
filled to overflowing with people who set up colorful tents all

116 Kingdom of Willows

around the town. Dana's mother dismissed the Jonesborough
National Storytelling Festival as a "terrible inconvenience for
the locals so some bigwig could hoodwink a lot of people out of
abunch of money." She refused to let Dana attend and went out
of her way to be rude to the strangers in town.

One year, however, her mother allowed her to sleep over
at her friend Suzie's house during the festival. Suzie's mother
and father gathered them all together and went to hear some of
the stories being told. Dana was fascinated. She sat for hours
drinking in the forbidden tales. Then a sprightly fellow named
Jack told a story all about the Good Folk, speaking of the noble
lords and ladies, so gallant aboard their fairy steeds, all clothed
in light and dreams. As the rest of the audience sat spellbound,
Dana stepped through a shimmering curtain that appeared
before her and entered the land of the fae. Well, not really, but
she touched the Dreaming as she underwent her Chrysalis.

Atfirst it was wonderful, just like the story Jack was telling.
Then it changed. She saw death and destruction and foul,
blackened entities who chased her howling for her blood. She
seemed to be lost on a dark, twisted path running and running
as if her life depended on it. Somehow, she felt that her life did
hang in the balance. If she could escape, she'd live. If not...

She recalled her name, Lady Dianan of House Fiona. She
remembered leaving Arcadia and being attacked along the
path back to Earth, where she incarnated as a baby. Nothing
more was clear to her. Then she was falling, tangled in wild
branches as the horrific things sprang for her throat. Reaching
forasword that wasn't there, she cried out for help. And she was
answered. Stepping between her and the ravening attackers
rose a tall, dark figure. He swung a silvered blade at the beasts,
and she heard them yelp. They scattered and disappeared into
the shadows as if they had never been.

He turned and she beheld the face of Count Bjorno for the
first time. He's blue! she thought, then shook her head ruefully, "Of
course he's blue he's a troll," she mumbled under her breath.

As suddenly as her dream began, she found herself back in
the mortal realm, listening to the applause as Jack bowed and
left the stage. She could have sworn the storyteller winked at
her as he tipped his hat to the audience. Her hand lay in the
oversized palm of Billy Mjolner, chief tackle on the high school
football team. Not even thinking what she was doing, she
threw herarmsaround him and hugged him. Suzie looked at her
strangely, and Billy turned bright red. Dana let go, marveling
that he didn't look as he had just a few minutes before.

"We have to talk," Billy whispered to her once Suzie's
attention was back on the next storyteller. He indicated a
nearby store, then got up and walked away. A few minutes later,
Dana claimed she needed a trip to the ladies room and went to
the store. Billy was waiting for her.

In the next few hours, Dana learned of her fae heritage and
that her mother was something called an Autumn Person. Billy
told her he had been waiting for her for two years, but could
never get close enough when her mother wasn't around or they
weren't in school to help her remember who she was. Finally,
they could be together as they had been once before.

On > Sy a 2 Se SE a i =


WPRAIRAICRATCRATRAIARERATRAT RAMA RG

Billy took her to a beautiful glade near town where she
felt another upsurge of what she now knew was Glamour. An
old shack rested beneath a tree just inside the glade. Billy
pushed open the door just as Dana realized it wasn't a shack,
buta tiny replica of a palace with miniature turrets and a red
and silver banner flying from a pointed tower. Two regal
silver lions guarded the red oak door. They bowed as she
came near. Billy — no, Count Bjorno — held the door for
her. "Welcome home, my lady," he said. It was just like a
romance story.

In the years that followed, Dana and Billy graduated
from high school. Dana got a job and moved out of her
mother's house. Billy got a position with an ecological
awareness group. Whatever time they had, they spent to-
gether. Though Count Bjorno always deferred to Lady
Dianan, she realized her troll protector knew far more about
being a changeling than she did. They exchanged knowl-
edge, and her confidence grew as she learned more. She
began to write romances, first stories then novels, under the
pen name of Melissa Ardsley. She gained quite a following,
and was able to quit her job and concentrate on her stories.

Eventually, they met other Kithain, some of whom were
drawn to Jonesborough by the storytelling festival. One such
visitor was Berin O'Donnell from Willow's Heart. When he
reported back that a noble of House Fiona was living in
eastern Tennessee guarded by a loyal troll follower, Meilge
was overjoyed. At last, he had found a sidhe to rule over the
rebellious and insular Kithain of the region. He immediately
appointed her Duchess of Appalachia.

Though she does not remember living there before,
Dianan has reclaimed Orchard Castle, which she built
before the Shattering, as her freehold. She holds informal
court there whenever other Kithain visit. She also hosts
Nunnehi visitors who remember the oaths of friendship she
once swore with them. Though many were displaced along
with their people by the Trail of Tears, they do not forget
their friends from times past. Someone she almost never sees.
is her mother. The woman's constant disapproval and cold
Banality strip away everything Dianan cherishes about her-
self. She always makes certain Bjorno knows she's visiting
her mother before she goes, just in case she leaves so
Banalized she can't remember who she truly is.

Her chief sadness, however, concerns Count Bjorno (a
title he held even before meeting her). Dana loves Billy and
Dianan loves Bjorno, but the stubborn troll insists that he is
her protector, claiming he but follows an oath he took upon
himself long ago. He refuses to say more, though she knows
there must be something else he isn't telling her. She could,
of course, order him to tell her, but the proud troll would
never forgive her. Sometimes, she wishes he'd be a little less
noble and a little more attentive to her need for something
more than his protection. She has started a book about the
two of them hoping that a solution to her dilemma will
present itself the way it always does to the heroines in her
books.

oaray%,
Rast

TS

A

Dianan has developed the Arts of Sovereign, Dream-
Craft and Primal. She has not forgotten her vision of the
things that chased her on her return from Arcadia, and she
wants to be prepared should she ever meet them again. She
writes very well and has a storyteller's eye for details. Dianan is
a good listener and very adept at solving puzzles and problems.
She often has dreams that prove to be metaphors for things that
later happen.

Image: Dianan is 5' 4 " tall, weighs a little under 110
pounds and has light brown hair cut short and styled for easy
care. Her eyes are a clear blue. She usually wears comfortable
clothes. As her fae self, Dianan's hair becomes a cloud of gold-
shot downy brown that surrounds her face with graceful curls.
She wears a rich red gown with the silver lion as a decoration
at hem and throat.

Roleplaying Hints: From your admittedly banal begin-
nings, you've come a long way. You see yourself as one of the
new breed of Southern women — self-sufficient, talented,
tough and determined, but no less feminine for that. You have
always felt that Southern women, particularly mountain women,
have been overlooked for too long, especially considering some
of the difficulties and prejudice they labor under. You are
certain that your mother would have been very different had
she had the sort of chances you've had, to express herself rather
than being beaten into repeating foolishness drummed into her
head by her own parents. You won't be caught in that trap. You
just wish that Bjorno would notice that you can take care of
yourself. Maybe then he'd sweep you off your feet like the hero
is supposed to do!

Story Connection: Dianan has no direct connection, but
the Appalachian Mountains hold some strange areas within
them, not least of which isa glade where a Lost One lives. The
characters might meet Dianan if they traveled to Jonesborough
in search of lost lore, such as the location of that glade.

ChapcerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom


Though she has since blossomed into her old self and even
been made Duchess of Appalachia, Bjorno has never told
Dianan what she no longer remembers from their time before.
Thus, Dianan has no knowledge of the oaths her lover Count
Bjorno swore and the geashe took upon himself in order to save
her life so long ago. She does not recall the strange malady that
afflicted her, eating away at her immortality. He took up the
quest for the Cup of Dreams, said to be able to cure any illness,
knowing that within the golden chalice lay her only hope.

Counc Bjorno
Proceccor of Duchess Dianan

This time around Count Bjomo was born as Billy Mjolner,
a child of the great state of Tennessee. He'd known he'd be
somewhere near the old freehold of Orchard Castle in
Jonesborough, but he hadn't expected to be almost right on top
of it. As was his wont, he became aware almost immediately of
his true nature. This time things were very different. This time,
for the first time in over 600 years, he had a chance to be
reunited with his love, Dianan. The sidhe had returned from
Arcadia, and his long wait was over.

He searched for three years, never able to come any closer
toit. Finally, he entered the Far Dreaming and met there an old
sidhe who told him the secret to finding the cup. Thus Bjorno
made certain pledges to the Dreaming. First, he promised that
he would forever guard that which the cup made whole again.
Second, he swore that he would cast the cup back into the
Dreaming once his love had taken a sip from its shining
depths. Finally, he took upon himself the geas that he would
forever forgo that which he most loved and, thus, gave up
any right to claim Dianan's love for his own. The Dreaming
made it known to him that any lapse in his promises would
mean Dianan's death and the eradication of her faerie soul.
Bjorno agreed.

He returned with the cup and gave it to her to drink from.
As she sipped the water within it, her face took on color again,
and she was made whole and filled with Glamour. As the
Glamour suffused her, Bjorno smiled sadly, took the cup from

OX, Y

VY.

Bjorno had reincarnated dozens of times since he had last
seen her, but as soon as he laid eyes on Dana McClelland he
knew she was Lady Dianan. Still, he couldn't push her into
recognizing her true self too early. He had to give her time to
grow up alittle, to get used to her mortal body and to learn to
deal with the world as a human before she faced it as a
changeling. He had waited 600 years; he could wait a few more.

COT R

L2

Bjorno in his guise as Billy Mjolner (and from his vantage
point of being a whole year older) kept watch over Danaas she
grew. Finally, tired of waiting for something to trigger her
memories, he decided to approach her directly. Bigmistake. He
got within 20 feet of Dana's mother and knew why Dana had
never undergone her Chrysalis. Her mother was an Autumn
Person —and very strict about where Dana went, what she did
and who sh sociated with. He searched for a way to get her

Gry,

ey
2)

a

alone for two before the storytelling festival gave him his
opportunity.

her hands and rode back into the Dreaming with it. From that
time on, he has always been with her, always guarded her, yet
has never again spoken to her as a lover. He thinks she guessed

Jumping at the chance, he guided her through her Chrysa-
lis, then brought her to the freehold they had shared so long
ago, the palace he had kept all alone since he forced her back
through the crumbling gateway to Arcadia on the night of the
Shattering lest her fragile sidhe essence perish from inrushing
Banality.

that the cup came with a price, but he never wanted her to
know the exact nature of it.

Since the Shattering when Bjorno returned Dianan to the
Dreaming, a succession of tall, tow-headed boys have wasted
long summer days and spent many cold winter nights near a
waterfall in a glade where once lay a path to Arcadia. With the
return of the sidhe, he swept out Orchard Castle and made it
ready for her return. He hopes he can stand to be near her again
without giving in to the love that never faltered through half
a millennia.

Bjorno is a master of Primal, Wayfare and Soothsay. He
also knows Sovereign, but never uses it himself. He considers
Legerdemain to be little better than theft and wouldn't be
caught dead using Chicanery. He is excellent with bow, sword,
warhammer and lance, but prefers peaceful arts such as diplo-
macy to battle. He isn't above a good challenge, however.

Image: As Billy, Bjorno has pale white-blond hair and blue
eyes. He is over six feet tall and 220 pounds, all of it muscle. He
wears sensible clothes for tramping around in the woods taking
soil samples and noting sightings of endangered species. In his
fae form, he looks like the quintessential noble troll, with wavy
white hair and blue skin that matches his eyes. Since swearing
himselfas Dianan's protector, he has worn the garb of House Fiona.

Roleplaying Hints: You have always loved Dianan, more
than you love life itself. Once, so long ago you can barely recall
what happiness was, the two of you were lovers. You never
forgot her during all the long years and the many incarnations


ESATA CATR

you spent waiting for her return. Now she's been returned to
you. You aren't sure you can stand it again. Always by her side,
yet never telling her how you truly feel. She must never know
why; it would shame her greatly and do nothing to break the
geas. Somehow, you must endure and be thankful you once
again have as much of her as you do.

Story Connection: Though not directly involved in the
events of David's disappearance, Bjorno's knowledge of the
Cup of Dreams and the quest he once made to find it may be
sorely needed by those who wish to restore the High King. He
could guide a group to the place where he last left the legendary
cup. Though the treasure has, of course, moved on from there,
at least it provides a starting place for a quest.

Hollis Burnecce
CDayor of Coal Town

Near Harlan, Kentucky, in a "holler" hidden far back in
the mountains is a commoner enclave known as Coal Town.
Once little more than a gathering of shacks inhabited by
dissatisfied coal miners who wanted independence, it is now a
thriving faerie town. It owes its existence to one person's vision
—anocker named Hollis Burnette.

Hollis was born in Harlan, Kentucky, in 1933. His father
worked the coal, as did his father before him. The family lived
in acompany house and shopped in company stores. They were
poor and undereducated and had no way out. Once you bought
from the company store on time, you owed the company
forever. Hollis went to work alongside his father when he
turned 13. Working a coal seam — even when it was strip
mining — was dirty, back-breaking, dangerous work.

Hollis dreamed of something better. Despite his exhaus-
tion, he studied at night, reading from books borrowed from the
public library. The more he learned, the more determined he
became to escape the life his parents and neighbors lived. As
books opened his mind, Hollis became aware of things beyond
work and home. First music intruded on his awareness, then he
discovered his aptitude for mechanics when one of the ma-
chines at work broke down. Rather than letting the bosses shut
down the mining in that area and send everyone home without
pay until it was fixed, Hollis tried to repair it. The boss was
amazed that it worked.

Soon after that Hollis underwent his Chrysalis, remem-
bering that he was actually a nocker, and understood why he
was so good with machines. Without realizing it, Hollis had
come to the attention of the bosses. A few weeks after he
repaired the machine, they called him in and gave him a new
job keeping the equipment in good shape. They also hired him
for jobs outside work — fixing their cars and keeping their tools
sharpened and ready. Soon he was making enough money to
help his parents out of debt and to get an old car for himself.

Once mobile, Hollis was able to travel to nearby towns to
find Glamour. On one of those trips, his car ran out of gas and
had camped overnight. Searching for a comfortable place, he
was drawn to a glen where he felt Glamour pouring into him.
No one claimed the area, so he put his own mark on it. He

thought no more about it for a few weeks until the night his
parents died in a fire while he was visiting a friend in another
town. With his parents gone and no house, Hollis took to
sleeping in his glen and discovered that he could gain Glamour
from it whenever he slept there.

Over the next few months, he built a chimerical cottage
for himself in the glen, which he now knew was a glade. Some
way off, outside the enchanted glade, he built himself a real
cabin where he lived much of the time. Within a year, Hollis
spotted another nocker born into a local family. Then he
located a boggan. Each new changeling he discovered became
like a family member to him. Each was shown the glade, and
many built cottages in it.

Before long, Hollis was the acknowledged leader of an
enclave of changelings. In honor of the work most of their
parents did, they named it Coal Town. Many Kithain in Coal
Town — including Hollis — helped lead strikes against the
company, demanding better wages, an end to exploitation and
safer working conditions. Many of the Coal Town Kithain lost
their fae identities to bludgeons in the hands of enforcers paid
to force the workers back to work.

Seeing what was happening to his people, Hollis proposed
that the Kithain withdraw from mining entirely and use their
skills in other ways. Thus was born the Coal Town Handicraft
Cooperative. Boggans, nockers, trolls, eshu and redcaps pro-
duced various folk arts and crafts. Hollis took the finely made
quilts, statuettes made of coal, decorated brooms, baskets and
furniture to the big city and placed them on consignment.
Soon, the cooperative's reputation for fine work led to invita-
tions to sell at craft shows and give demonstrations of authentic
mountain crafts.

Many of the residents of Coal Town married and en-
chanted their mates. Whole families now live in the town.
Hollis Burnette acts as their mayor. Several children have been
born in Coal Town, and a surprising number of them are


commoner Kithain. Even after the sidhe's return, no nobles
have ever shown a desire to live in Coal Town. Not that they
wouldn't be welcome. During the Accordance War, Hollis
counseled the town to remain neutral, saying that the fight had
nothing to do with them. The townsfolk agreed.

When the accord between commoners and nobles was
made and the Parliament of Dreams opened, the residents
elected Hollis as their representative, a position he has filled for
almost 30 years. The outspoken nocker has gained a reputation
for honesty, toughness and the foulest mouth in the legislature.
Nonetheless, with over 30 commoners looking to him as their
leader and a major glade under their control, the mayor of the
best-known faerie town in America has the ear of many
representatives. Though not a noble, his position in Coal
Town is the equivalent of many dukes and several nobles fear
to offend him or his constituents.

OZ

Gi

iS

Hollis is a gifted speaker and diplomat when he chooses to
use those talents. Many see him as little more than a back-
country blowhard with a foul mouth. They miss the message.
Unlike most nockers, Hollis doesn't complain just to carp; he
always has a real gripe when he speaks his mind — and he
almost always brings up issues that are troubling many com-
moners, not just those of Coal Town. He is very talented in
Legerdemain and Soothsay and is rumored to know quite a bit
of the Art of Sovereign as well. When not representing Coal
Town in the Parliament of Dreams or acting as mayor, Hollis
enjoys fixing cars and carving geehaws and whimmydiddles.

Image: Hollis has mouse-colored tufts of hair around his
almost bald head. Similar graying tufts serve as eyebrows. His
eyes are astartling green and he has the wiry, underfed pinched-
face look of many Appalachians. In nocker form, his skin is red,
his face is pasty, white and he wears well-made coats and trousers
with swirl designs and a matching hat. He's still going bald. At 65
years old, Hollis believes he's the oldest changeling who hasn't
given in to Banality in America (he's wrong, but he believes it).

Roleplaying Hints: You've been around a long time and
seen a lot of things. The best thing you ever done was discover
the glade that serves as home for Coal Town. Without it, you'd
all probably still be slaving away in the company mines. You
guess you done some good in parliament all them years too by
making them snooty-faced, pointy-eared idjits listen. ‘Course they
don't like your cussin' none, but that there's their hard luck.

Story Connection: None, unless debate over the schism
concerning the proper heir to the throne reaches the Parlia-
ment of Dreams. If it does, Hollis' hard-headed common sense
could sway many commoners one way or another. He could
form the nucleus for a new party that tries to do away with
the monarchy altogether.

Gadiel of House Bator
Lord of che Twisted Oak

Discovered hiding in Arcadia long after most of his house
had been exiled, Gadiel of House Balor was thrust out into the
miorealivord = andlerblethelseiy ot auls yenriold computer
wizard named Gerald Owens, resident of Oak Ridge, Tennes-

120 Kingdom of Willows

see. Though he remembers nothing of Arcadia itself, he does
recall being exiled and burns for revenge against the Seelie who
cast him out. In their absence, he's more than happy to vent his
frustrations on any Seelie who annoys him.

A prince of House Balor, Gadiel found this new existence
in which he was obeying parents too confining, so he murdered
them. Reveling in their pain, he devoured the tainted Glamour
they gave him through their deaths. Taking their cash, what-
ell and his computer equipment,
he drove away in his father's car after setting fire to the banal
ranch-style house with its two-car garage.

Big cities don't have exclusive rights to drugs, crime and
corruption, and Gadiel found them in Oak Ridge. Using the
money he made from the sale of his parents' jewelry and goods,
he set himself up in a small apartment and made contact with
Oak Ridge's (and later, Knoxville's) criminal community. Selling
drugs, he wasable to locate needy souls whom he twisted to hisown
ends. As they became ever more addicted, Gadiel feasted on the
Glamour their dark dreams and helplessness produced.

Over time he met other Kithain, dissatisfied like himself.
They listened enthusiastically as he spoke against the Seelie
and their outdated rule. Gradually, he found himself at the
center of a group of several commoners and a few nobles who
looked to him to express their anti-Seelie feelings. Most of
them had no idea of Gadiel's preference for taint and corrup-
tion; they simply responded to his eloquence and commitment
to the cause known as Modernism.

Gadiel's outspokenness attracted the attention of Count
Oakleaf, Seelie ruler of the region. Oakleaf summoned Gadiel
to attend him at his court. Gadiel did so. Dressing in the most
sumptuous court garb he could muster, he sauntered into the
count's freehold. Once there, he made an impassioned speech
to the count concerning the nobles' responsibility to "lead" the
commoners and listen to their grievances. The count seemed
mollified. He even invited Gadiel to stay for a time and talk at


length concerning his views. Gadiel used the time to discover
that the count lived alone except for two servants.

Having won the count's confidence, he attacked while the
Seelie lord slept. Overpowering the count, Gadiel forced him
through the trod attached to the count's freehold and carried
him into the Dreaming. Having come more recently from
Arcadia, Gadiel was more familiar with it than the count.
Taking the unfortunate Seelie into the Far Dreaming, Gadiel
abandoned him there, retracing his steps to the freehold.
Though he waited for weeks, the count never returned.

Gadiel claimed the freehold as his own, renaming it
Twisted Oak for the gnarled tree that guarded the approach to
the entryway. He co-opted the count's servants and invited his
cronies to pay court to him there. Thus, a motley of Unseelie
gained control of the Oak Ridge area.

His group made contact with other like-minded Kithain
among the Modernists and made their views known to the
Parliament of Dreams. Gadiel was not content with this mod-
erate approach to ridding the world of the hated Seelie. He
tested his followers one by one to discover how far they were
willing to go. Many surprised him with their commitment to
overthrowing the Seelie. To this inner circle, Gadiel told his
true intentions — he wanted to eradicate the Seelie and
cleanse the world of their influence. To do so, he and his
followers had to learn to wield Banality as the manifestation of
modern Glamour. Calling themselves the Children of Annihi-
lation, they even now search for a weapon they can use to
destroy the Seelie foreve:

Meanwhile, those followers who could not stomach his more
radical leanings continue as members of the Modernists. So far as
they know, Gadiel remains a Modernist as well. The commoners
in the area look to Gadiel as one of the few nobles who take the
commoners side against other nobles. Both Modernist and
Annihilist commoners bring dozens of commoner childlings to
Gadiel at Twisted Oak each year so that he can train them.
Those who entrust these young Kithain to him might be
horrified at what he teaches them — especially that he takes
promising childlings along when he kills someone who has
crossed him. Should the childling balk at helping or talk about
it afterward, the young changeling disappears — supposedly
sent elsewhere for more compatible fostering. The dirt-floored
cellar of Twisted Oak is pocked with the graves of such
"unbiddable" children.

Through his criminal contacts in Knoxville, Gadiel has
contacted Meilge and been granted the right to his freehold by
the King of Willows. Meilge ostensibly supports the Annihilists,
though in actuality, neither he nor Gadiel have any intention
of sharing real power with commoners. Gadiel knows enough
about Meilge to understand he should not share all his plans
with the king. Instead, he intends to keep most of his power
secret until the time comes to claim the High Kingship for himself
— ina world bereft of the Seelie and powered by Banality.

Needless to say, Gadiel is mad by most people's standards.
As his Balor deformity is homicidal mania, that isn't too
surprising. What is scary is how sane he seems while commit-
ting the most heinous crimes.

Gadiel's most accomplished Arts are Dream-Craft, Chronos
and Soothsay. He is a dazzling apologist for the Unseelie view-
point, and has an inherent understanding of the political implica-
tions of events. Personally appealing and charismatic, he excels in
making others feel important and appearing to agree with their
opinions. He is an excellent swordsman and has won many duels.

Image: Standing just a shade over 5' 9" and of average
weight, Gadiel's most attractive feature is his large, dark-lashed
pale-blue eyes. Seeming to hold within them both intelligence
and innocence, his incredible eyes are framed by shoulder-
length brunette hair. His preference in clothes runs to trousers
and tunics or courtly garb in deep purples.

Roleplaying Hints: You know now why you've been
returned to Earth — to lead the Unseelie to glorious victory
over the hated Seelie. Those Unseelie who came before you
held too many scruples and too great a fear of Banality. You
must court Banality and find a weapon that will smash the
Seelie forever. You don't believe that any Seelie part of you still
exists; if it does, you will find a way to tear it out of yourself just as
you'll annihilate the weakling side of all the other Kithain. So you
have to commit a few murders to accomplish your goal...
well, we all have to make some sacrifices for a better tomorrow.

Story Connection: Meilge might eventually tire of having
David moved around from place to place, and have him sent to

Gadiel for a more final solution.

Ocher Appalachian Kichain

Councess Toireasa of Balsam

Sometimes called the Lady of the Black Dome, Countess
Toireasa of House Fiona holds a freehold within an abandoned
campsite near the top of Mount Mitchell in North Carolina.
An accomplished painter, the Countess of Balsam welcomes

ChapzerFour: Kithain of the Kingdom

SES

{\

(


re"
3
%,

Fas!

both nobles and commoners to her mountain court famous for
its hospitality. Toireasa has a treaty with the local Nunnehi
who live in a nearby village. The treaty is sealed through the
exchange of fosterlings, so that each may learn the customs of
the other. Toireasa is profiled in Rage Across Appalachia, a
sourcebook for Werewolf: The Apocalypse.

The High Cascle CraFcers

Within an ancient mountain aerie near London, Kentucky
live a motley of Kithain known as the High Castle Crafters. Two
noble lovers, Arienh of House Fiona and Cianan of House Liam,
live and work with a pooka named Fletcher, a boggan known as
Lairdie and a redcap biker named Harley. The motley produce
crafts and perform at area craft shows. Like the Countess Toireasa,
the High Castle Crafters honor pledges made to the Nunnehi of
the mountains by the freehold's original inhabitant, Lord Tamlin.
Tamlin himself is a Lost One who resides in an enchanted glen

S)

RRA RR

Re

"KV

near his old castle. On certain nights, the sound of his fiddle can
be heard wafting on the mountain winds. More on the High Castle
Crafters can be found in Freeholds and Hidden Glens.

Duchy of Blue Grasses
Duke Arady ap Guydion

Aaron Penworthy III was born to excess. His father and

v

RL

mother were owners of the prestigious Rose Garland Stables in
Lexington, Kentucky, famous for breeding thoroughbred horses.
Set in bluegrass country, the lavish estate holds an even more
important site than the stables, though few know of its exist-
ence. In a small wooded area just off the near pasture lies a tiny
stone grotto set near a trickling stream. The grotto is the
entryway to a freehold set into a series of hillside caverns that

Rediscovered during the Accordance War, when it served as
aplace of refuge fornoblesin the sidhe army, the freehold wasgiven

22

to Aaron's mother, Sarah (Lady Sareffria of Gwydion) when she
married Aaron Penworthy Jr., mortal owner of the land. Lady
Sareffria was named the Duchess of Blue Grasses and has held the
freehold since the end of the war.

Seventeen years later, the duchess gave birth to a child who
harbored the faerie essence of one of her distant cousins, Araby ap
Gwydion. Though she didn't know his exact identity until his
Chrysalis, she suspected she would be gifted with raising another
Gwydion.

Because Lady Sareffria knew she was raising a future duke (for
her child would naturally be her heir), she tried to give him all the
very best, everything that a noble should have. His father just
spoiled him rotten. Asachild, Aaron wasa brat—demanding and
self-centered and likely to throw a tantrum whenever his wishes
were not instantly gratified. Believing he would outgrow this stage
if allowed to enter his Chrysalis, the duchess pushed her son
unmercifully, haulinghim to every gallery, play, concertand dance
recital in Lexington. His father introduced him to the joysofriding
to the hunt and of breeding champions.

Despite his mother's hopes, Aaron's Chrysalis did not occur
until he was almost 16 years old. By that time, the duchess was
slipping into Banality and hardly cared that Aaron seemed just as
spoiled as a teenager as he had been as a child. She stepped down
in his favor so long as he agreed to retain her faithful seneschal
Garvey. Aaron accepted and became Duke Araby.

The young duke's only interest was in breeding horses, racing
and riding to the hunt. He enjoyed posturing at court and holding
balls and parties, but paid little attention to the business of
rulership. Kithain within the Duchy of Blue Grasses whispered
among themselves, wondering if Araby could really be of House
Gwydion, a house famed for its leaders. Other Gwydion nobles,
hearing of Araby's poor rulership, considered him an embarrass-
ment and had spoken of deposing him.

That he remains duke is due partly to a recent improvement
in his rule of his duchy and partly to his success at breeding faerie
steeds, which are much in demand. Inquiries suggest that the
better rulership comes from Garvey, but the steeds are truly
Araby's triumph. Still, most nobles are disdainful of the popinjay
puppy who supposedly rules in Lexington.

Many Kithain believe that the duchy would be ruled more
wisely by a vigilante changeling who has been battling corrupt
Unseelie and ridding the area of a group of hunters — Dauntain
who have been preying upon the Kithain of the duchy. The duke
pays noattention to the reports of such foes, but the masked rider
who calls himself Lord Justice deals with the problems the duke
fails to heed. Justice has become a hero while the duke fritters
away his time with frivolous pastimes. Even King Meilge has little
patience with the young duke, considering him too big a fool to
even be of use in Meilge's schemes.

Only Garvey knows that Lord Justice is the duke. While the
wilder noble pretends to be ineffective, he secretly unmasks the
ills in the duchy and within the Kingdom of Willows. Araby was
once known as Ardain ap Gwydion, one of Gwydion's best and
most courageous knights. As Ardain, he knew Meilge when the
Eiluned duke held the freehold of Summerstree before the
Shattering. Even then, he knew of Meilge's cruelty and deceit

rr Td TORT

—,

Ee

and declared himself Meilge's enemy. Now that he has returned
to Earth, he seeks to prove that Meilge is unworthy to rule
Willows. He cannot do so openly, however, nor can he obviously
rise against his overlord. Thus, the disguise.

While Meilge dismisses him and his own people laugh behind
his back, Araby watches and gathers information. He has already
rooted out a nest of Meilge's drug dealers setting up shop in
Lexington. Now he hopes that he can learn enough to bring the
king to his knees and rescue Willows from the corruption that
gnaws at its heart.

Araby is an expert rider and schooled in all the arts of warfare.
He is as well-versed in stealth and intrigue as he is in courtly
manners. The duke relies upon his mastery of Primal and Wayfare
tosucceed in his disguise as Lord Justice. He is also knowledgeable
concerning Sovereign and Soothsay, but to a much lesser extent
than his other Arts.

Image: Duke Araby is about 5' 10" tall, very slender and
almost effete. He has very short reddish blond hair and brown eyes.
He is never dressed in anything but the finest, most fashionable
clothes. He always wears a large ruby ring given to him by his
mortal father. As Lord Justice, he retains his height butseems more
muscular. His manner is forthright and his movements sure and
confident. Justice has longer hair and a well-trimmed mustache
and beard, all blue-black. His eyes are such a dark brown they
appear almost black. Lord Justice dresses all in black with chimeri-
cal black armor and sword. He wears a half-mask that conceals his
identity. His usual mount is a black faerie steed with a white
diamond on its forehead.

Roleplaying Hints: You were once the selfish, spoiled child
everyone thinks you still are. You must keep up the pretense even
though you haven't been such an idiot since you were 16 years old.
You remember the havoc King Meilge once caused before the
Shattering and vaguely recall that he was associated with several
atrocities in Arcadia that helped earn Eiluned's exile. Somehow,
you must expose him. To do so, however, you must lead a double
life — or is that a triple life? Young heir to a wealthy Lexington
family who still lives with mother and father on the estate,
ineffectual and foolish duke ruling from a freehold he obviously
doesn't deserve and vigilante good guy riding by night from asecret
hideout to right wrongs and serve justice. Sometimes it's hard to
keep all your roles straight. You're just thankful you have Garvey
to cover for you when needed.

Story Connection: Though there is no direct connection,
Araby might be brought in to help expose Meilge. He would
certainly welcome the opportunity to expose the king as a miscre-
ant, to end his masquerade and prove to the rest of his house that
he isn't the idiot he pretends to be.

Garvey
Seneschal of Blue Grasses

The Garvey family has lived in the Lexington region for as
long as any of them can remember — and the boggan family has
along memory. In fact, the family history stretches back to before
the Shattering, when their patriarch traveled to "the Summerlands"
with his Gwydion lord. The original Garvey was the personal

REVS

DTH >y

servant and confidant of Duke Eliwylod ap Gwydion and swore an
oath to his sidhe lord that members of his family would always be
in the retinue of Gwydion's descendants. The Dreaming has made
certain that the oath is kept.

Garvey wasso busy bustling everyone else through the closing
gates during the Shattering that he had no time to go himself.
Instead, he closed off most of the freehold and made provisions to
wait for House Gwydion's return — an event he expected to
happen imminently, just as soon as his lord managed to overcome
Banality, which shouldn't take too long, he believed.

Garvey produced an heir tokeep his¢
another heir, and the second heir produced third. Down through
the centuries, at least one boggan was born into the family each
generation. Each heir took the name of his illustrious ancestor and
"held the fort for the falcon." Each Garvey used the freehold and
maintained it, making certain it was ready for the return of the
sidhe lords. By the time a couple of centuries had gone by, the
Garveys had become accustomed to ruling unofficially over the
other Kithain of the region. Still, the most that the loyal boggan
clan would claim was the title of seneschal.

h. That heir produced

Six hundred years after the sidhe left Earth, they returned. A
year or so later, knights of House Gwydion showed up at the
freehold, looking for shelter from a mob of commoners. As deeply
shocked asa boggan could ever be, Garvey opened the freehold to
them and explained the role his family had fulfilled for centuries.
Lady Sareffria fell in love with the freehold and liked what she saw
of the mortal who owned the land on which it rested. She put in
her claim for the freehold should she survive the war. She did
survive, and Garvey had to deal with her return and the sidhe's
resumption of power in the land.

He swallowed his resentment and welcomed her home. For
the most part the duchess allowed Garvey to continue handling
the everyday affairs of the duchy, so he wasn't too upset. As the
years passed, he even got used to having a noble around. Then she
hada child. Garvey was now quite old; he'd been a grump forsome

ChapcerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom 123


time and was feelingboth his years and the weight of Banality. The
child changed all that.

An enchanting baby, Aaron won Garvey's heart from the
first. Though the child was spoiled rotten during his earliest years,
Garvey undertook the boy's real education, teaching him about
honor and bravery and how to rule fairly — all those qualities
House Gwydion had once demanded from their people. Garvey
also taught him how to ride, since the boggan's jobat the ranch was
as a trainer and exercise jockey.

Both the duchess and Garvey recognized that the boy must be
fae, but he didn't enter his Chrysalis no matter how much they
tried to throw Glamour his way to trigger it. Just as Garvey thought
the boy wasa lost cause, the young sidhe discovered his fae nature.
Despite what others thought of him, the young duke epitomized
the old Gwydion ideals of chivalry and honor — most of it due to
Garvey's training.

The duke began his charade of being an inept wastrel, trusting
Garvey to oversee those parts of his duchy he could not be seen
protecting. Further, Garvey became the boy's confidant, the only
person who knows the duke's identity as Lord Justice. Being given
such responsibility and trust (not to mention all the excitement)
has revitalized the old grump. Though he isnow almost 50, he feels
just like a kid again. He can't wait to see if Duke Araby succeeds
in his goal to bring down King Meilge and cleanse the kingdom of
corruption. He just hopes it won't take another 50 years.

Garvey prides himself on his knowledge of Primal and

say. He is also a master of the Art of Sovereign (as many of
were before him). The boggan knows almost every-
thing there is to know about being a seneschal in a noble household.
He rides as though bom on a horse and is no slouch with a sword. In
many ways, Garvey is quite unlike what most people think of as
"bogganlike." He likes it that way. If other Kithain are focusing on his
strangeness, they aren't looking too closely at the duke.

Image: Though short like most boggans, Garvey is fairly
slender —the result of weight training to keep within the limits

yas
RPT
RESTS

for jockeys. Asa grump, his face is lined with wrinkles, offset by
bushy graying eyebrows. His once-red hair has also grayed and
frames his face in a puffy halo. Garvey always dresses well, but
simply. When acting as Lord Justice's manservant, Garvey
enjoys wearing his all-black outfit and black half-mask.

Roleplaying Hints: Your part in the Dreaming is to play
the faithful sidekick to the hero. While you can hold your own
in battle, you are most valuable as an administrator and a foil
to the "foolishness" of the duke. Helping your liege lord right
wrongs and defeat ne'er-do-wells is certainly exciting too. You
haven't felt this young in years. Of course, it isn't all a bed of
roses. You can already hear the screams of annoyance when
your daughter learns she has to change her name to Garvey.

Story Connection: Garvey is the fae to talk to if anyone
needs to acquire a faerie steed, the only horses truly capable of
negotiating the Dreaming. Also, as Lord Justice's helper, he is
privy to certain information regarding Meilge.

Ocher Kichain of the Area

Django Hittrunner

Leader and drummer for the Cloudburst Black and Bluegrass
band, a motley of Unseelie rebels, Django isan eshu of mixed black
and Native American origin. The band specializes in a raucous
fusion of bluegrass and African tribal rhythms seeded with the
excitement of hard-driving Rock'n'Roll. They openly flaunt their
opposition to the Seelie Court of Appalachia, calling it a pack of
power-hungry posturers who lord it over the region's true majority
population, the commoners. Singing songs of defiance and rage,
the Cloudburst Band usually manages to spark mini-riots powered
by Glamour wherever they perform.

Django is an outspoken supporter of the Ranters and has
participated in some of that group's less-violent revels. While
certain groups among the Seelie have attempted to silence
Django and his band or capture them between engagements,
Django's excellent relations with his cousins, the Nunnehi,
make such attempts difficult.

Jiruna

Matriarch to a settlement of sluagh in western Kentucky,
Jiruna found and developed their freehold — a series of isolated
caverns leading off from the famous Mammoth Caves. The sluagh
of the Freehold of the Mammoth are allied to no one but their
enigmatic matriarch. Since Jiruna went deaf shortly afterherbirth,
she does not suffer from the sluagh aversion to loud noises, but she
isvery badly affected by bright light. She has taught other members
of the community sign language, which they prefer to speech. The
sluagh have constructed abodes similar to those used by the Pueblo
cliff dwellers, and occasionally sell their red and black decorated
pottery in craft shops in Elizabethtown.

A few other Kithain know of the freehold's existence and
venture there to learn secrets that are known no where else in
Concordia. One such customer is Kerry Dunwood, acting Duchess
of the Ozarks. The commoner noble relies on Jiruna's intelligence
reports to keep her informed of goings-on throughout Willows.

Some say Jiruna dreams the secrets as compensation for her
deafness; others say that she may be deaf, but she has ears

everywhere. No secret is safe if Jiruna wants to know it.

Duchy of Graceland

Duke Florian of House A\ilil

His first memory was of the flag proudly displayed on the
wall of his room and the matching blanket used to cover his tiny
bed. The vibrant colors and evocative design of the crossed
stars awoke in him a feeling of belonging and pride. Jon-Joe
learned at his daddy's knee all about the cruel soldiers who
savaged and murdered women and children, stole their land
and food, took everything of value they had, then burned what
was left behind them as they ravaged the land. By the time he
could form words into sentences Jon-Joe knew that the damn
Yankees had raped his land and his people, forced them to live
according to laws that had no meaning to them and crushed

them when they tried to gain their independence. Still were

doing it, for that matter.

A good Souther boy, Jon-Joe grew up eating Southern food
and listening to Southern music — especially that of the King,
Elvis Presley. Though Elvis died before Jon-Joe ven born, his
legend loomed large over Memphis, Tennessee, and Jon-Joe
willingly surrendered to the magic of the King of Rock'n'Roll.

Undergoing his Chrysalis in a blues joint off Beale Street,
Duke Florian of House Ailil didn't change too much from his
mortal life as Jon-Joe Somers, but he fully embraced his fae
heritage. Where once he had been a normal if chauvinistic and
angry teenager coming of age in the capital of the Delta Blues,
Florian discovered that he was now entitled to rule that region.
Since his Chrysalis drew every Kithain from miles around, he
had little trouble identifying who it was he was to rule. Most
were commoners and several were black. While Jon-Joe's

father disapproved of "coloreds mixin' with white folk," Jon-
Joe had gone to school and played on teams with blacks and had
no problem with them. His bigotry was reserved for Northern-
ers, not fellow Southerners of a darker hue.

Itdidn't take him long to discover that the western part of
Tennessee was lumped in with the Duchy of Appalachia and to
assert his independence. He wasn't surprised to find out that
once again the South was in thrall to a High King who ruled
from his Northern stronghold. Further, his own house of Ailil
was considered to be a lesser house, somehow tainted so far as
the others were concerned. Hoping the Southern king Meilge
would be reasonable and sympathetic to his claim, Florian
declared his region's independence. Meilge answered that
western Tennessee was still a part of his kingdom, but that
Florian could be the duke of the region if he was able to locate
a suitable freehold for court functions.

Overjoyed, Florian quartered the city and began hunting
forasuitable spot. Several spots held promise, butnone seemed
strong enough for a ducal freehold. The mid-August heat was
brutal, and he only realized after several minutes within their
midst that he had stumbled into an enormous crowd of people.
He felt the tingle of Glamour as he looked around, for the first
time aware of his surroundings. He found himself standing just
and on the anniversary of Elvis'

outside the gates of Grace
death. Potent Glamour poured from those assembled to re-
member the King. Florian had found his freehold.

It didn't take him long to enchant several members of the
staff and construct a secret entrance into areas of the mansion
that the public doesn't visit. The Duchy of Graceland was born.

Florian is fanatically anti-Northern, and that includes
wanting to overthrow the High King and split Concordia into
different regions. He has recruited a number of like-minded
Kithain who form the inner council of the secret society known
as the Southern Cross. While he pretends to give fealty to
Meilge, Florian tries to make his duchy as autonomous as

RRA


4

ann

possible and to expand its borders — all with an eye to
eventually becoming king of the Southern fae himself.

He encourages every project in Memphis that brings more
Glamour to the city. The refurbishment of Beale Street, sup-
port for the National Civil Rights Museum that preserves the
balcony where the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. was
killed, and promoting more tourism to Graceland for the
Glamour it brings to his court are just a few of the projects he
supports. Florian also encourages musicians of every type —
not just blues players, but country-western and rock artists,
Southern boogie bands, folk purists, New Wave minstrels,
goth-punkers and aficionados of more conservative music such
as musical theater and opera produce the styles he wants
Memphis to enjoy. He is very annoyed whenever bands from
the North are scheduled to play in Memphis and boycotts such
concerts.

a4,
1S)

CS

CR RY
SSIES

Le

While he is well-loved by his subjects, Kithain traveling
from other areas (Northerners being "damn Yankees," Mid-

Ce

westerners the "lapdogs of the damn Yankees" and Westerners

L2

ZG

the "dumb wannabee damn Yankees") find a less-than-warm

SS)

welcome and southern hospitality in the Duchy of Graceland.

Florian is a marvelous musician himself, able to play
al instruments. He is quite skilled in networking —
cially with support of the musical arts. His mastery of
Sovereign is evident at court, as is his skill in Soothsay. The
duke excels at planning raids carried out by the rank and file
members of the Southern Cross against Northern Kithain and
their sympathizers. For a member of House Ailil, he is very
straightforward, with a knack for praising his underlings that
wins him their unswerving loyalty.

sevel

Image: In his human mien Florian looks not unlike a
young Elvis. He has dark, slightly wavy hair and large brown
eyes. His full lips crook into the half-smile half-sneer the King
made famous. As a fae, his face lengthens slightly, his hair
becomes a wild jumble of dark curls, and he always wears deep
midnight blue — right down to the suede shoes he affects
whenever he holds court.

Roleplaying Hints: You hide behind being a big Elvis fan,
even going so far as to wear blue suede shoes (tacky, but
effective in getting your point across). As the leader of the
Southern Cross you are far more than what you seem to be. It's
time all the Kithain realized how downtroddenSoutherners of
all colors are by the power structure of the North. If they think
it's obvious in mortal life, they ought to understand the control
the Northern king holds over the disenfranchised Southern
changelings. Color, social standing, or kith — these don't
matter. The true battle is to kick the Yankee exploiters out of
the South once and forall and to declare it the newly revitalized
Kingdom of Dixie.

Story Connection: Florian is thrilled to hear that David
has disappeared. He doesn't care who's to blame: he just steps
up his campaign of terror to bring about decentralization. If
David fell into his clutches, the Ailil lord might hold him
hostage to demand that the North allow a peaceful separation
of the Southern states from the rest of Concordia.

126 Kingdom oF Willows

Raven

Calvert

Calvert is living proof that Florian holds no prejudice due
to skin color or kith. He's the duke's bodyguard and chief
terrorist. The wilder redcap remembers little of his former life
except poverty — too little to eat and too many men visiting
his mama. He never had nice clothes, and the kids teased him
so much he finally dropped out of school. Until he was almost
11, he had no idea what being called a "moonpie" meant. He
just knew he wasn't as dark as most of the black kids in town or
white enough to "pass."

To earn money, Calvert took to dancing and singing in the
street. It only took a week or so for him to realize that the people
didn't want to see the "king" he knew best, B.B. King; they
wanted to see him sing Elvis songs. Thus was born "the Black
Elvis." Even imitating the King wasn't enough to consistently
put food on the table, and he took to robbing tourists who
looked like they had a lot of money and no backbone. First he
used an old knife, then a gun.

His second career was more lucrative than his first until
the night he tried to rob a young man who was well-dressed and
looked a little like Elvis. Assuming the guy was a tourist, he
backed him into an alley and demanded his money. Duke
Florian had no intention of giving the mulatto his money. He
did hand over a wad of folded bills in an ornate gold clip, thus
enchanting the robber so he could deal with him. To his
surprise (and Calvert's), the robber dropped the gun and fell to
the ground, exploding with Glamour as he underwent his
Chrysalis.

Seeing the newfound changeling's kith — redcap —
Florian wasn't surprised to find him working as a shake down
artist. When Calvert awakened from the Dream Dance, Florian
made him a proposition: In return for Calvert's loyalty, the
duke would teach him about being a changeling. A few local
redcaps would help Calvert adjust. Seeing that he had nothing

to lose, Calvert accepted.


He showed a natural aptitude for martial and security skills,
becoming a deadly fighter within two years. Florian made Calvert
his personal bodyguard and recruited him into the Southern Cross.
From the get-go, Calvert excelled in hit-and-run raids, dross thefts
and chimerical cross burnings in front of various freeholds, all
without getting caught. He is now the premier terrorist of the
society and much envied and admired by lesser redcaps in the
duchy. He fully agrees with Florian's assessment of the South's
position relative to the Northern Kithain and wholly agrees that
decentralization and a new king are called for to remedy the
problem. He just thinks that new king ought to be himself. After
all, noble rule shouldn't be taken as a foregone conclusion any
more than he would accept that Northern rule was preordained.

Calvert is quite practiced in Chicanery and Legerdemain.
He's learning more about Primal all the time. From contacts
among the Shadow Court, Calvert has also learned the Art of
Contempt (see The Shadow Court for details on this Art).
While he's a bully whose talents lie in causing pain and
breaking bones, he's also a master of finesse, slipping in and out
of places without being noticed. When able to do so, Calvert
loves dancing and singing as the Black Elvis — the finest Elvis
impersonator in Memphis. Because he is usually quiet, most
people make the mistake of thinking Calvert isn't overly
bright. Their mistake...and they only get one.

Image: Calvert has taken steps to overcome his light
brown skin and curly black hair to look as much like Elvis (long
sideburns, sunglasses, white suit and gold belt) as possible
whenever he performs. When not "on," he looks like a fairly
successful young man — perhaps a manager/trainee at
McDonalds or some such. As a redcap, Calvert has gray skin
and an overly large mouth filled with yellow teeth. His very
anonymity as a redcap works in his favor, making it hard for
others to pick him out from a gang of his kith.

Roleplaying Hints: You always felt the difference be-
tween the haves and the have-nots. Funny how it's always the
have-nots who notice that inequity. Duke Florian showed you
how to hit back. Now you're a leader in the Southern Cross.
Someday, you'll even show the duke what true equality means
when you take his place as ruler of the Kingdom of Dixie. Until
then, you'll play along and build your own power base among
the commoners in the duchy.

Story Connection: Those searching for David might meet
up with Calvert and a cadre of terrorists just about anywhere,
since they travel as far as they need to when "delivering a
message" for the Southern Cross. Depending on their ap-
proach, Calvert might help a group locate David (in return for
several concessions) or he might try to find the High King to
kill him as a "warning" to other Northerners.

Duchy of che Ozarks

Kerry Dunwood

Born and raised in Little Rock, Arkansas, Kerry aspired to
a career as a gymnast. Her agility, small stature and flexibility
were decided assets, and she greatly enjoyed choreographing

routines in a partially darkened, quiet arena late at night or in
the early morning hours. She was able to perform extremely
difficult maneuvers, practically tying herself in knots; no other
gymnast was half as flexible as Kerry. Problems arose to kill her
dream, however. For one, she simply couldn't perform well
under the brightly lit conditions of a competition. Even worse,
whenever her floor exercise music (or anyone else's for that

matter) was played through the loudspeakers in the arena, she
literally felt as if she'd been deafened and struck by a car-sized
hammer. Holding her ears, which she was sure must be bleeding
from the assault, she would run from the arena as quickly

possible, She couldn't believe that other people could tolerate
such a cacophony.

A few years later, she underwent her Chrysalis. By then,
she'd given up her Olympic dreams and begun studying poli-
tics, though she was certain her breathy, whispery voice would
never be heard over more assertive people. When she became
a sluagh, she knew she'd just never fit in as a representative
either. Capitalizing on her natural grace and fluidity, she

danced instead. Weaving together ballet, modern dance and

elements from performance art, Kerry was much in demand
among the "cool" crowd in Little Rock — so long as the music
wasn't too loud and people agreed beforehand not to applaud.
That's where she first met Brendan.

After one of her performances, a bouquet of black roses was
delivered to her dressing room (well, the ladies room that she

a dressing room). Intrigued by the card, she went
drink with the man who had sent them and found
alking with Brendan MacLiam, Duke of the Ozarks. He
proved to be charming company and asked if she would come
help him form a council to run the duchy — a council
composed of both commoners and nobles. Remembering her

desire to enter politics, she ed.

Once on the council, she blossomed. Though her voice

was soft, her ideas were received with respect and eagerness.

ChapcerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom


The Duchy of the Ozarks was a small part, even an unimportant
and out-of-touch part, of the Kingdom of Willows. Brendan
and his council intended to reform the basic system under
which commoners bowed to nobles and lesser houses bent to

those who considered themselves better.

Though they advocated peaceful means such as symposiums,
lobbying in the Parliament of Dreams and petitioning for recogni-
tion of their duchy as a commonwealth, Meilge felt threatened by
Duke Brendan's popularity and deposed him, citing his disloyalty
as the reason for his dismissal. Rather than bothering to send a
replacement, Meilge made a move he thought would prove
commoners incapable of ruling themselves — he appointed Kerry
the new duchess. He believed that the other commoners would
balk at having a sluagh govern them; he had no idea Kerry was
already the elected leader of the Commonwealth Council, whose
decisions were almost always ratified by the duke.

Kerry has served as the Duchess of the Ozarks for three years.
She pays Jiruna and her sluagh spy network to keep her informed
on important matters that she wouldn't otherwise hear about.
Meilge paysnoattention tothe Arkansas duchy, nordo most of the
other noble Kithain of the kingdom. For all intents and purposes,
the Duchy of the Ozarks is out of the loop. The changelings there
don't mind if others think they are backward; while everyone's
looking the other way, they're building up to a second American
Revolution, and Kerry's right out front, quietly leading them.

Despite Meilge's command that Brendan be exiled, Kerry
shelters the former duke. She checks with him before making
important decisions, knowing that it was originally Brendan
who made the commonwealth possible. Someday, she hopes
that the duchy will be able to declare itselfa commonwealth for
real and that she can welcome Brendan back as a valuable
member of the community, if not as a duke anymore. She keeps
the title herself for now only because dispensing with it would
bring unwanted attention to her and might prompt Meilge to
appoint some officious nitwit in her place.

Kerry is a natural in the political arena. Even whispering,
she is persuasive and believable. Her agility makes her a
wonderful dancer, and her manual dexterity has led her to
develop her skills in archery. She still works out, doing gymnas-
tics exercises, but her wilder's body is not as used to the
discipline any more. She is a whiz at Legerdemain and delights
in using Wayfare.

Image: Only 4' 8" tall and slender as a whippet, Kerry
keeps her black hair cut very short. She has expressive amber-
colored eyes and a thin face with a pointed chin. Though she
likes very ornate and elaborate dark clothing, she usually wears
less fussy clothes that speak of her commitment to being just
one of the people. With the low lighting she insists on, she's
certain most other Kithain can't tell how she's dressed.

Roleplaying Hints: You love secrets and intrigue as much
as the next sluagh, but you've put aside your personal desires to
work for the good of all commoners. While it's a surprise to you,
you are actually quite good in a leadership position. You hate
King Meilge for deposing Brendan when the duke was just
trying to rectify an old mistake and rid the world of the

128 Kingdom of Willows

eave

XS

outmoded concept of rule by the nobility. You laugh every time
you think about Meilge appointing you as duchess, though.
The man's an idiot, and the sooner he's removed from his
position, the better.

Story Connection: She has no direct connection, but
Kerry has access to Jiruna's sluagh network — and more
importantly, Jiruna's trust. If anyone can find out where David
has been taken, it's Jiruna, and Kerry's just the woman to
persuade her to look.

Duchy oF Doguood

Duke Cormac Daichi

Cordell Danvers never claimed to be anything other than
extraordinary. At three, he could read, write, add and subtract.
Atsix, he could perform lightning calculations in his head and
memorize long strings of numbers — backward. Strange phe-
nomena happened all around him — things appeared out of
nowhere and as quickly disappeared, and items mysteriously
popped out of people's pockets and wound up in Cordell's
hands even when he was all the way across the room. His
second grade teacher dubbed him Mr. Wizard as a joke.

He never knew how strange he really was, though, until he
was sent to a summer camp for gifted children near his home in
Richmond, Virginia. He was supposed to be at the camp to
learn higher math. He ended up undergoing his Chrysalis and
falling in love. Tevel Asher, one of the few Jews at camp, was
ayear older than Cordell and accounted one of the most brilliant
students there. The two young men met and immediately clicked.

Wanting to escape notice for an hour or so, they snuck out of
camp and into the nearby woods. They should have known that
exclusive camps don't like their meal tickets giving them the slip.
Searchers were sentout. As they came near the area where the boys
were hiding, Tevel used Glamour to hide their presence from them


2,

and inadvertently set off Cordell's Chrysalis. During thenexthour,
while Cordell thrashed and moaned in the throes of his first
change, Tevel held him fast, helping him through it.

Cordell emerged as Cormac Daithi of the House of Eiluned—
more than appropriate for Mr. Wizard. Tevel introduced himself
as Ashe of House Dougal. Cormac held the rank of duke, while
Ashe was entitled to a barony. The two laughed at the thought of
either of them ever gaining such titles. Instead they swore oaths of
fealty to one another, promising to always remain friends.

Their relationship became very strained when Ashe's

Citing the separation of the states as precedent, he now
demanded (though politely) that it be given to him as a
separate duchy. The conservatives had a fit. Adamant that no
inch of the duchy be ceded to the "commoners and rabble" of
West Virginia, they were even willing to accept Baron Ashe if
the duke would move to crush "those upstart hillbillies."
Cormac disagreed. He believed that his subjects would
respect him more if he showed some backbone and made his
own decisions. He announced that Ashe would keep the
barony granted to him and, further, he intended to allow

DS

e%

parents moved to Boston where his father had a wonderful job
offer. Not knowing their son's true nature, Tevel's parents also
hoped they would be able to get the boy into MIT. The boys
wrote long letters to one another for almost a year until
suddenly Cormac stopped writing. Unknown to Ashe, the
Duchess of Dogwood had spotted Cormac among the new
young Kithain at court and singled him out. Having investi-
gated the young wilder, Duchess Meregrinne invited him to
become her heir—contingent on his moving into her freehold
and devoting himself exclusively to learning his duties for six
months. Astonished that he was even being considered, Cormac
agreed. He forgot how fast time could seem to move outside
versus the time spent inside a freehold.

Almost a year later, Meregrinne abdicated and named
Cormac her heir. Meilge lackadaisically confirmed it, and the
Eiluned wilder became the Duke of Dogwood. Though Cormac
wanted to rule the duchy as well as possible, many of the
Kithain there held grave doubts that a half-trained wilder (and
worse, an untrustworthy Eiluned) would be as effective as the
duchess had been. Both Meregrinne (who wanted new blood in
the duchy) and Cormac underestimated just how conservative
the changelings of Virginia could be.

After several months of snubs from his subjects, Cormac
was desperate for pleasant company. He finally wrote to Ashe
and asked him to move in with him, in the Freehold of
Dogwood in Richmond. He didn't mention that he was now
the duke. Ashe was overjoyed. He left Boston and drove to
Richmond. Cormac had told him how to find the freehold, a
stately old mansion on a quiet backstreet north of the river.

The two lovers greeted one another and spent a few days
exploring their relationship again before bothering to pay any
attention to the rest of the duchy. Finally, Cormac explained
things. Ashe was amazed that his lover was the duke, then
overwhelmed when Duke Cormac made Ashe the Baron of
Richmond. From sucha small political misstep, Cormac almost
lost his duchy.

The conservative faction among his subjects disliked Cormac
to begin with; they were outraged that he created a barony for his
lover without even consulting Count Rual, whose county of
Jamesriver the barony lay within. Despite proving that Ashe's
claims toa barony were legitimate according to the Dreaming, the
Old Dominion Guard would not forgive their duke.

A different problem also faced the young duke. Gwrhyr of
House Gwydion claimed a freehold in West Virginia, an area
that had traditionally been a part of the Duchy of Dogwood.

Gwrhyra trial period to rule West Virginia as a separate duchy.
Ashe counseled him to be more prudent and to at least make
some show of listening to the other nobles of the duchy, but
Cormac had had enough.

Hoping to win at least some nobles to his side, Cormac has
recently scheduled a series of balls and outings for the court —
picnics, special entertainments, hunts and races. Since most of
the nobles are ultraconservative, he believes that traditional
amusements will both mollify them and reassure them of his
fitness to rule. He hopes that once he has established himself in
their social circles, they will support him in his political
decisions. After all, he is a mathematician; he thinks he knows
how to play the odds.

Cormac is extremely intelligent, though not always as wise
as he might be. He relies on his skill in the Arts of Soothsay and
Sovereign to help him rule. He hides his skill in Legerdemain,
especially as he knows his use of it would gravely offend the Old
Dominioners. While he has learned the forms of government,
he is still too young to use them well. For an Eiluned, he is
woefully deficient in Manipulation skills.

Image: Just a hair over 6' tall, Cormac has long golden blond
hair and robin's-egg-blue eyes. He most often wears modern-style
clothing, though has lately begun to dress as a medieval noble so
as not to offend the conservatives within the duchy.

Roleplaying Hints: You were chosen from among all the
candidates to become the duke. Sometimes you wish Meregrinne
had never asked you to take on the responsibility or that she
had stayed around longer to help you ease into power. If it
weren't for Ashe's love and support, you'd probably just give up.
Somehow, you have to win over the old fogies without surren-
dering the advances that have occurred over the last centuries.
Thatis, afterall, why the former duchess chose you as duke. You
just hope you can hold your duchy together long enough to
make a difference.

Story Connection: Cormac attends the masquerade ball
at Willow's Heart. He doesn't notice anything going on, but he
is very intelligent and might be someone who could act as a
good sounding board for theories on what really happened.

Counc Rual of Jamesriver

Reed Montgomery was born into a staunchly conservative
old Virginia family. As a child, he believed he would someday
inherit the family money, marry someone just like his mother
and spend his days fox hunting or playing cards at the club or
perhaps touring areas where the less fortunate people lived to

129

SS

ChapcerFour: Kichain of the Kingdom


CARR

oy
225]

oT

TK

leave food baskets for them. Interspersed among these dreams,
he also wanted to become a fireman or maybe a lawyer like his
father.

Growing up among old money in Richmond meant grow-
ing up among the right-wing elite. Luckily, his family was also
a patron of the arts and supporter of attempts to promote local
artists and craftspeople. Otherwise, he might never have
achieved his Chrysalis and changed from an ultraconservative
mortal named Reed intoan ultraconservative changelingnamed
Rual. A noble of House Gwydion, he fit right in with the other
nobles residing in Richmond and became heir to the county.
When Count Sperrin ainb
of Jamesriver — to the delight of his cronies among the nobles.

sniper, Rual became Count

Rual lives at the Hunt Club, a very exclusive establish-
ment catering to steeplechasing and fox hunting. While part of
the structure is open to the private membership, another part,
the section that forms Rual's freehold, is open only to Kithain.
He is
parties. At one time he hoped he
duchy. When he was not picked, he tried to squelch his
resentment, but cannot agree with most of Duke Cormac's
views. Opposed to many of the modernizations Cormac sup-
ports, Rual is particularly adamant that West Virginia not be
allowed to break away from the Duchy of Dogwood's rule.

popular host and receives many invitations to others'

vould be chosen as heir to the

Rual is very influential, not only in the duchy, but in
conservative circles throughout the Kingdom of Willows and
even in the other kingdoms. He is well-known in the Beltaine
Blade, a fact that he hardly bothers to hide. Proud of both his
mortal and fae heritage, he truly believes in rule by the nobility,
but only those nobles who truly know how to rule. He doesn't
believe Cormac falls within those parameters.

Rual hopes that Cormac will make another mistake similar
togiving his lovera barony when other, older nobles in the area
lack titles and freeholds of their own. He is certain that if

Cormac goes through with ceding West Virginia to Gwrhyr of
Gwydion, the other nobles will rise up and depose the young
duke. Should that happen, he has little doubt he will be chosen.
to rule. Naturally, once he is duke, he will offer his Gwydion
kinsman in West Virginia the right to claim a county for his
own. Even if he is an ignorant hillbilly, he's still a Gwydion.

Count Rual's best Arts are Sovereign, Chronos and
Wayfare. His skill in subterfuge is unparalleled as is his knowl-
edge of politics and intrigue. He is an excellent horseman and
quite good in veterinary medicine as he is a chief breeder of
faerie hounds used for foxhunting in the Dreaming. The count
has practiced swordsmanship daily since his Chrysalis and is
deadly with a blade.

Image: Count Rual stands 5' 9" and is just under average
weight. His brown hair is straight and thick and his brown eyes
show both intelligence and his sense of self-worth. He wears
tailored clothing, though he is almost never found ina business
suit. He refers riding clothes or formal wear, whether that of
mortals or courtly attire. The count never raises his voice,
regardless of how annoyed he becomes, as he considers it a loss
of control that betrays poor breeding.

Roleplaying Hints: You were born to rule, and soon you
will assume the position that should have been yours. You have
a duty to lead the Kithain of Concordia. Commoners may
believe that they have gained the knowledge of how to rule, but
they are only playing at a game they should leave to their
betters. They should learn to obey those born to the job, and
trust that you will arrange things so that everyone acts for the
good of all. Though the current duke is also a noble, he is just
a boy with foolish ideas. Furthermore, he is Eiluned, and they
are never to be trusted. He really should be eliminated for the
good of the duchy. If he doesn't sabotage himself soon, you may
be forced to take a more direct hand in his downfall.

Story Connection: Rual has no direct connection to the
story. As a mere count (a designation that would gall him), he
isn't important enough to be invited to the masquerade Meilge
hosts for the High King and Queen. He does have contacts
throughout Concordia, however, and some of them might
prove useful.

Mashingcon, D.C.
Duke Siva and Duchess Kali

Twins born of immigrants from Bombay, Duke Siva and
Duchess Kali are actually Unseelie nobles from two different
houses. Sarinius of House Balor once commanded the Unseelie
army of Rome in an offensive against Kasmeara Ni Ailil of the
Celts, also an Unseelie. The two quarreled for years, back and
forth. First Sarinius would win, then Kasmeara would retaliate.
Neither could gain the upper hand for long. The two hated one
another with a passion bordering on mania. So much so that
when Kasmeara was finally captured by Sarinius' troops, she
slew herself rather than face his treatment of her. Playing the
game along with her, he fell upon his sword as well, sending
them both back into the Dreaming.


4

They met again much later, after Christianity had almost
conquered the lands they once knew. Once again on opposite
sides, they harried one another, foiling each other's plans and
disrupting each other's life through constant harassment. They
danced a complex step of intrigue and one-upsmanship right up
until they joined hands to step through the closing gate to
Arcadia when the Shattering came upon them.

Reborn as twins named Jambu and Javas, Kasmeara and
Sarinius grew up the same bitter rivals they had always been.
While their father tried to build a medical practice, their
mother attempted to mediate between the two, with little
success. As fate or the Dreaming had decreed that they be tied
together in mortal life, so it arranged for both to experience
their Chrysalis at the same time.

Attended by a noble of House Liam and several common-
ers, they emerged into the community of Washington, D.C.'s
Kithain. Soon noted as hellions, the wilder twins gathered a
group of Unseelie followers around themselves, forming a gang
of vicious redcaps, trolls, and nockers who were more than
happy to split heads, indulge themselves with dope and make
trouble for the local Seelie. They were successful enough to
garner the attention of the Shadow Court.

The Court had been looking for a few Unseelie to open a
Shadow freehold in Washington. They found what they were
looking for in the twins. Taking the names Duke Siva and
Duchess Kali in honor of the gods of destruction, they overran
a freehold held by a minor Seelie lord and set themselves up as
the Duchy of Shadows.

The Duchy of Shadows claims complete autonomy, saying
it belongs to no kingdom except Discordia. Many Unseelie are
drawn to the area seeking service in the duchy, but few find it.
Seemingly composed from half-expressed dark dreams and
chaotic imaginings, the freehold that houses the Shadow
Duchy is difficult to find. Some say it's just a myth. Those in the

SPOT an wwe

know just smile. No one gets into the Shadow Duchy until
they've been checked and rechecked for loyalty to the Unseelie
cause.

Little more than a rumor among the Seelie, the Shadow
Duchy oversees various projects in the city. They court Banal-
ity, experimenting with it to see if it can be turned to the
Shadow Court's use. Their minions steal items imbued with
Glamour and terrorize any Seelie Kithain they can find alone
or in small groups. Their base, housed in an old book bindery
turned rock club known as the War Zone, serves as a meeting
place for the inner circle of the true Shadow Court.

The argumentative twins are well-known in Kithain circles
around the Washington area. They are insatiable and unapolo-
getic Ravagers. Like the gods for whom they are named, they
epitomize the forces of destruction, neither asking nor giving
any quarter. When not attacking someone else, they turn on
one another. Neither will yield pre
truce. Wrapped up in their love-hate struggle, they are as likely

dence; neither will call a

to destroy one another as their Seelie prey. Finding few threats
to themselves, they indulge in games of superiority, but should
areal threat make itself known, they stand against it together
as if joined at the shoulder.

Duke Siva is best in the Arts of Contempt, Primal and

Soothsay, while the duchess practices Chicanery, Sovereign

and Wayfare. Both are consummate warriors, though Siv:
the better tactician. Kali is more subtle; sometimes it's difficult
to tell she's up to something before she's in cobralike mid-
strike. She loves intrigue; he excels in lies. Both can appear to
be charming and gracious or ruthless and cruel, as the whim
takes them. They revel in destruction and chaos.

s

Image: Mirror-image twins, Duke Siva has pale silvery
hair and black eyes. He has six fingers on each hand and always
wears specially made gloves. He prefers form-fitting clothing in
the deepest wine red and black. Duchess Kali has black hair and
silver eyes. Her hair reaches almost down to her knees. She too
prefers form-fitting clothing, but likes to wear virginal white,
the better to confuse her enemies.

Roleplaying Hints: The two of you have been thrown
together by the Dreaming. Who are you to argue with that? You
both enjoy the same pursuits, you just aren't willing to concede
that the other may be better at any of them than you are. Life
is a constant struggle to prove your superiority. You wouldn't
have it any other way. That would be inexpressibly boring.
Besides, conflict is the true language of hatred such as yours, or
is it love?

Story Connection: If anyone goes looking for David's
ceremonial court hoping to find clues within it, the twins might
make life interesting for them. They routinely try to terrorize
Ayame, David's seneschal. Why not add a few more Kithain to
the list?

Ayame

Seneschal of che Court of CDirrors

A third-generation Japanese-American, Ayame has lived
in Washington D.C. all her life. Her mother and father ran an

ChapcerFour: Kichain of the Kingdom 131

Tap
ARRARZ

Ja
Rs,

Sy

import business specializing in Japanese and Oriental luxury
goods. Suppliers to many restaurants, they also furnished the
homes and apartments of Japanese ambassadors and business-
men who keep homes away from home in the capital city.

Ayame underwent her Chrysalis quite early, learning of
her heritage as a minor noble of House Liam. Her mentor, Sir
Zereles, was one of King David's household guard and was
visiting Washington in search of a site for a secret freehold for
the king. When he undertook her fosterage, he moved to the
Washington area so she need not be separated from her family.
Asher mortal kin had once been samurai, she accepted her role
and pledged herself to the High King's service. Bemused by the
childling's seriousness, David teasingly promised to make her
seneschal of his freehold once it was established.

The tiny childling believed the king and set about learning
all the skills she would need to serve in such a position.
Mastering swordsmanship was not enough; she also learned
flower arranging so that the freehold would be harmonious.
Ayame learned traditional Japanese arts and graces right along-
side more modern pursuits. She wanted to please the king and
prove to him that his trust in her was not misplaced.

Sir Zereles set about finding a freehold for the king.
After two years of searching, he finally discovered the
perfect spot just outside the city where he had taken Ayame
for a picnic and some sword practice. In a quiet glen shaded
by weeping willow trees and screened by wild rose bushes, he
realized he felt the presence of the Dreaming. Searching in
each direction, he and Ayame were astounded to realize the
site anchored no less than eight trods. As he made grandiose
plans for an enormous palatial mansion, he felt a small hand
take his larger one. Looking down, he saw Ayame shaking
her head.

"No," she said. "If you build something so large and
intrusive, you will kill the harmony we feel."

"Have youa better suggestion?" he asked. Bowing politely,
she answered. As she told him her thoughts for a freehold, he
smiled and thanked her for her insight. "Truly you deserve to
be seneschal here, my lady," he told her.

Thus, Zereles built a unique freehold for the king. Planned
as a ceremonial site where Kithain diplomats could meet and
make treaties or come together to celebrate after sessions of
parliament, the Court of Mirrors rose from Ayame's design. A
lovely octagonal teahouse, it is brushed with colors as subtle as
renraku pottery. Its name comes from a central mirrored room
among the more traditional ones. Upon touring it for the first
time, David confirmed Ayame as his seneschal for the freehold
for as long as she chose to remain its caretaker.

Ayame is proud to act as caretaker for the ceremonial
court. She visits it frequently, but makes sure not to stay within
it for long periods of time. Well into her wilder years now, she
no longer needs her mentor to act as the real "guardian" of the
Court of Mirrors. Though Ayame wears the formal garb of a
samurai lady, she is hardly defenseless.

She holdsa black belt in karate and isa skilled swordswoman
(katana) and archer (great bow). Though she seems far too tiny
to be able to pull the bow, her mental discipline makes up for
lack of overpowering strength. Ayame's talent in creating
harmonious environments encompasses flower arranging, in-
terior decorating, gardening and landscaping, hair dressing and
choosing clothing. She has also mastered the art of the tea
ceremony. She is diplomatic and always graceful. Her Arts
include Dream-Craft, Soothsay and Sovereign, though she
rarely resorts to faerie magic. David considers her one of his
realm's greatest treasures.

Image: Ayame looks like a china doll. Barely 4' 5" tall with
a 17-inch waist, she wears her shining straight black hair coifed
as a Japanese lady or hanging straight down her back. Her
slanted brown eyes smile warmly, even when the rest of her
smile is hidden behind a fan. Ayame dresses in colorful silk
kimonos when at court. On the street, she looks more like a
typical Asian girl in jeans and blouse.

Roleplaying Hints: Though you are amodern woman, you
have worked hard to learn ancient arts and to create a pleasant
environment for the King of Concordia. You strive for perfec-
tion, but must make certain that it looks effortless as you do it.
You know that the peace that draws King David to the Court
of Mirrors is as much due to your harmony and serenity as with
the teahouse itself, and you are determined never to let David
see that serenity shattered. Though you are of House Liam, you
have little in common with others of that house. Perhaps that
is why your integrity has never been questioned.

When youare notat the Court of Mirrors, you enjoy spending
time exploring your home city. That pleasure is usually short-lived,
however, as the odious Unseelie twins have made it a point to
attack you whenever they can locate you. Thus far, you have
simply withdrawn from their assaults, believing it more important
topreserve your inner peace than to put them in their place. Ifthey
do not tire of their games soon, though, you may be forced to show
them how true to the samurai of old you are.


Story Connection: Ayame is greatly disturbed by news of
David's disappearance. A mystery trod within the mirrored
room might be a path searchers can take to bring them close to
the Cup of Dreams.

Ocher Washingcon Kichain

Batchasar
The Baron of Washingcon

Balthasar is an incredibly cuddly raccoon pooka wilder
who is fascinated by politics. He merely has to think about the
Senate, the Capitol building or the White House and he gets
worked up in anticipation of the Glamour that must just pour
from all those dreams of justice and a better life and from
participating in making laws for the country. He'll spend long
periods of time in his mortal form, then remember that he's
really a pooka and run off toa Senate hearing to get a good dose
of Glamour. Usually, of course, the silly pooka winds up
forgetting who and what he is due to the excess of Banality that
hangs over most government proceedings.

His predicament has come to the attention of Ayame, who
petitioned David to create Balthasar the Baron of Washington
in hopes that giving him some fae politics to enjoy might
dissuade him from continually returning to Banality Central.
So far it hasn't worked. Most of the Kithain of Washington
don't believe that Balthasar is actually the baron; those who do
believe also know who really controls the capital city — the
Shadow Twins — and have no intention of getting on the bad
side of the Unseelie just to play at politics with a pooka.

CDadame Varvara

This comely satyr is one of the best known madams in
Washington. Her bordello caters to the rich, the famous, the
powerful and the desperate fae. Wantonly Unseelie, she is a
frequent visitor and paid informant of the Shadow Court.

Varvara is privy to some of the most explosive secrets in the
halls of power and not just those pertaining to national secu-
rity. She knows what kinks all the important folk have and is
more than willing to supply them with whatever they desire —
for a price, of course.

Lately, the madam has been conducting a little experi-
ment at the behest of Duke Siva and Duchess Kali. She has
been enchanting mortals who come to the bordello and cutting
their sexual fantasies with a dose of dross. The resultant
explosion of Glamour is enough to fill up every changeling in
a six-block area. The aftermath has proved a disappointment,
however. Many fall prey to extreme Banality just after such a
treatment, and a few have attempted suicide. Of course, if the
Shadow Court can finda way to harness that Banality to its own
ends, well...who cares about a few pitiful human lives?

‘The Dispuced

Duchy of incerchorn
Duke Guurhyr Ap Guuydion

A native of Louisville, Kentucky, Jeff Tomlin was part of
the privileged elite who grew up with an appreciation of
money, smooth bourbon, fine cigars and thoroughbred racing.
Like his fellow Kithain in Lexington, he learned to ride almost
before he could walk and had his own horse by the age of nine.
Unlike his counterparts, he didn't undergo his Chrysalis until
long after he was president of the bank and divorced from his
second wife.

Learning he was a fae named Gwrhyr after 30 years as a
human wasn't easy on Jeff. Finding out that he held ducal rank
didn't surprise him (he'd always known he was of the upper
crust). What surprised him was that he didn't have a duchy.
Asking around among other Kithain, he found out that the
duke was a snot-nosed teenager with a brain the size of a pea.

ChapcerFour: Kichain of the Kingdom 133

Granted, the young man knew something about horses, but he
was obviously not capable of ruling a duchy.

Ready to step in and offer his not inconsiderable leader-
ship abilities, Gwrhyr discovered that most of the changelings
of Kentucky were content to be ruled by the duke's seneschal,
a boggan whose family had lived in the area since before time
began. He was amazed that they preferred a boggan to a noble,
and even more offended that they apparently didn't want him.

sking the King of
le, he received

Though he appealed to King Meilge, 2
Willows to at least grant hima county in Loui
noreply. Though almost no Kithain (and certainly no humans)
in Louisville knew of the rebuff, Gwrhyr was mortified. Feeling
that he could not remain where he wasn't wanted, he decided

to move somewhere where nobody would know him or care
about his shame. He chose West Virginia.

Once there, he fell in love with the beautiful scenery and
the independence of the people. Trying to capture some of the
region's appeal, he started sculpting and found that he had a
talent for working clay and carving rock. Exploring the wilder
areas of the state, he discovered a 19th century grist mill with
additions to it that was perfect for his house and studio. It sat atop
asite that opened to the Dreaming, andhe claimed itasa freehold,
naming it Winterthorn for the white roses that grew nearby.

After a year in which he encountered few other change-
lings, all of them commoners, he petitioned the Duke of
Dogwood to grant hima separate duchy. Gwrhyr saw no reason
why the Duchy of Dogwood should encompass both Virginia
and West Virginia when another noble of ducal stature lived in
ambivalent, giving him re-
t clear answers. Finally, Gwrhyr demanded
a duchy of his own and declared himself the Duke of
Winterthorn. The Duke of Dogwood tepidly agreed that a trial
period could be arranged.

Gwrhyr continued to live in Winterthorn, losing track of
time until he became lonely. Living in isolation, he rarely went

Kingdom oF Willows

into town and had no friends. To keep him company, he
constructed a complex chimera—a daughter for himself whom
he named Irenia. Lovely and biddable, she raised his spirits,
seeming never to tire of hearing him talk or watching him
sculpt. Eventually, Irenia developed sentience.

The only problem with their relationship is that Duke
Gwrhyr has entered Bedlam from remaining within his free-
hold for far too long. Bathing in its Glamour, he has lost touch
with the mortal world. The duke believes Irenia to be his real
daughter, an actual flesh-and-blood faerie child. Because his
dreams continue to shape her, Irenia grows like a real child and
has developed interests of her own. She is very fond of gardens,
and Winterthorn has spent many hours constructing a hedge
maze filled with flower beds to please his little girl. He keeps
meaning to take her into town and introduce her to the few
people he knows, but he always forgets.

Without realizing it, the duke is insanely jealous concerning
Irenia. Should someone else show upat Winterthom and show any
interest in her, Gwrhyr might try to kill that person. The isolated
sidhe slips further into Bedlam as time p: renia doesn't mind.
She knows that if he enters the final stage of Bedlam, he'll go into
the Dreaming and her daddy will be with her forever in there.

Gwrhyr was once quite a good rider and a talented sculp-
tor. His best Arts were Dream-Craft and Primal. Now he does
little besides plant gardens to please Irenia and talk of the
things he'll never get around to doing.

Chimera: Gwrhyr's daughter Irenia is a sentient chimera
he created out of loneliness. She is very powerful, for she comes
from his deepest insecurities and desire for love.

Image: Although a confirmed grump, the Duke of
Winterthorn is proud that his hair and mustache are still
em either mad or sad, depending on his.
ed to enjoy dressing well. Now he wears

brown. His hazel eye:
current thoughts. He us
baggy old trousers and work boots with a patched sweater since
most of his time is spent gardening.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the Duke of Winterthorn, this
gracious estate set into an array of formal gardens. Your daugh-
ter Irenia is the most important thing in your life, and you
would do anything to please her. Right now, that's planting
flowers. You don't mind; gardening takes your mind off the
onerous duties of running such an important duchy.

Story Connection: None. David's captors might stumble
across Winterthorn while transporting him around. Oops.
Who knows what all that Glamour might do to the High King?

Duchy of Chesapeake

Duchess Clena-Anaszasia Nicholenskya
Ellena Nicholson was born on a boat out in the Chesa-
peake Bay, premature by two months. Rushed to the hospital,
she spent a month in the neonatal intensive care unit. The
doctors and nurses fellun love'with the good ‘natured: smiling

infant with the china-blue eyes and strawberry-blonde fluff of
hair. So did her mother and father.


A happy, popular child, Ellena loved dressing up and
attending parties. She spent hours arranging her dolls just so for
the elaborate tea parties she and her friends held. In school, she
always received the most valentines, and every weekend one of
her friends wanted her to come sleep over. Amazed by their
little girl's outgoing charm and popularity, her parents allowed
her to attend most of them.

Undergoing her Chrysalis and discovering that she was a
changeling hardly slowed her down. Though she knew her
faerie name to be Ellarensi, she had recently been studying
Russia and had fallen in love with the idea of being Russian.
Rather than take her faerie name, Ell declared that her new
name would be Elena-Anastasia Nicholenskya. Baltimore's
Kithain welcomed the bouncy, vibrant new changeling into
their midst — regardless of her name.

Singled out by a fellow Fiona, Duke Lladanyn, Elena-
Anastasia was declared the heir to the Duchy of Chesapeake.
In keeping with those whom she would one day rule, Elena took
up horseback riding and learned about race horses and steeple-
chasers. When she was shown the duke's private stables, a
dappled gray chose her, bonding to her and refusing to move for
anyone else. Noting that his servants lacked certain talents
(and wanting to thank him for his kindness to her), Elena
offered to take care of arranging parties and entertainments for
the duke. Relieved, Lladanyn agreed.

Her parties became the talk of the town. Elena's greatest
success lay in planning cotillions for the Saining of new
Kithain and in a new party she instituted known as the
Preakness Ball, held after the famous race. Over time, the duke
put more and more of the revels in her hands. Then he asked
her to assume other duties — to attend court and make
judgments in his place, to represent him at functions held in
other duchies, and to draw up plans to hold a ducal lottery and
to crown a new ruler. Upset that he was stepping down, yet
relieved that she wasn't being thrust in as duchess, she willingly
set to work planning a lavish revelry that would include riding
to the hunt, a tournament, a grand ball and a feast with several
entertainers. It was a glorious success.

After the feast, Duke Lladanyn called for the lottery. Elena
entertained those Kithain not entitled to vote. In the midst of their
game, the otherchangelings of Chesapeake swept in and swepther
away to be crowned theirnew duchess. Joyful, yeta little scared, she
allowed herself to be feted and crowned. Sometime during the
ceremony and the party that followed, Lladanyn disappeared,
leaving her the ducal treasures and a card wishing her the best.

In the six years since that time, Elena-Anastasia has risen to
the occasion. She isacknowledgeda canny and generousruler. She
has appointed a number of other Kithain to act asa council for her
and listens carefully to all arguments before making a decision.
Still, she is best known for the cleverentertainments she hosts, like
the time she treated the whole court toa Baltimore Orioleshome game
or took them all ona crab-catching expedition. She is one of the most
popular rulers in the Kingdom of Willows — both within her own
duchy and with Kithain from other realms. She has recently taken in
achildling waifasa ward. She's about to find out ifshe has what it takes
to entertain a child as well as she amuses adults.

While Elena knows a good bit of Sovereign she has rarely
had to use it until she took in her ward. Jasper certainly knows
how to tax her patience. Her knowledge of Legerdemain has
helped out sometimes to return items "boosted" by less repu-
table guests at parties, and her Wayfare abilities allow her to
know where she needs to be at all times during social occasions.
She is generously endowed with etiquette and charisma and is
an accomplished hostess. Her sense of timing and saying the
right thing to the right person are legendary. Elena rides well,
dances well and has a good sense of what will be enjoyable and
what will be boring. She is terrible with weapons, having never
had the need to learn.

Treasures: Unknown to Elena, along with the ducal
treasures, her old mentor also left her a major faerie treasure.
The card he left wishing her luck (which she has kept as a
memento, but never looked at while Kenning it) really is a
lucky charm. It holds within it one use of Soothsay ¢ ¢: Fair Is
Foul and Foul Is Fair that acts as if it has five successes.
Whenever Elena needs its power to guard her life from what
would otherwise be a killing blow, the card will function to
protect her from it. Once used, the card becomes blank.

Image: A bubbly strawberry-blonde with crinkly blue eyes
anda welcoming smile, Elena is the tiniest bit overweight from
indulging in too much good party fare. The Fiona colors suit
her, and she often wears court garb even when not officially
presiding over a court function. Her laugh is infectious.

Roleplaying Hints: You know you aren't the smartest or
the strongest among the Kithain of Chesapeake, but you try to
be pleasant and welcoming to everyone. As duchess, you have
gathered together a group of advisors so you can profit from
their wisdom in making decisions. You've always believed that
the happier people are, the better they get along, so you've
made it your business to make your people happy. Some folks
might argue that being a good hostess is not enough to build a
duchy on; you're proof that they are wrong. The Kithain of
Chesapeake obviously appreciate the social interactions you

ChapzerFour: Kichain of che Kingdom 135

o,

LH

arrange for their benefit, and have rewarded you with theirlove _ through the ceiling. He looked down to see what had happened
and trust. You're honored to be so popular. to the mattress to make it so springy and almost choked when
Story Connection: Elena-Anastasia knows everybody, he saw that he now had furry legs — and that his knees were on
and most of them like her. Asa member of the Cat's Cradleshe backward!
has even more resources to call upon. She might be very helpful Thus began his Chrysalis and his first really good look at
in gathering information leading to David's whereabouts. While _ his redcap mentor, Granny Olympia. She explained the facts of
many people dismiss her as little more than a party maven, they _ life to him: how the evil Seelie had tossed him out because he
overlook the many friends her hospitality brings her—and the _ was justa commoner, how they had sent him all sorts of terrible
opportunities she creates for Kithain to meet one another in _ places so she wouldn't be able to find him and help him, and

SS
25)

L?

nonthreatening environments. how they could be stopped from treating other changelings that
\ ; Wi way. Jake was so angry he wanted to run out, there and then,
King Jasper che Wicked and kill the Seelie for being so evil, But Granny Olympia told

Abandoned near a dumpster as a baby, Jake got tossed him he'd have to be trained first or he'd just be captured and
around from foster home to foster home. He always felt out of _ tortured by their enemies. From the wise perspective of five
place with people paid to look after him and ran away con- _ years of age, he concurred.
stantly, even though he was barely four. Finally, he was taken Granny told him to pick a name, and he chose Jasper.
in by an old lady who was considered his last chance before Then she began his training. The satyr childling was a fast
being put in juvenile hall. She scared him. Her home wasfilled __Jearner. He trained every day, not just in weapons, but in spying
with bits of wire, balls of string and piles of newspaper. Frankly, tricks and how to act innocent and helpless to fool the Seelie.
itwas a dump. And she wasn't much better than the house. Her A year later, Jasper was ready.
hair looked like a fright wig, her teeth were huge and scary, and Granny told Jasper he was going somewhere where he
sometimes when he looked at her just right, her nose looked ould meet some very important people. Those people would
skeletal and her skin gray and even more wrinkled than usual. ask him toswearan oath and he would agree. Once he swore the
She wasn't all supersweet to him like the other foster parents Gath, they would provide weapons, money, and even toys for
had tried to be either him, and he would get the chance to kill some of the bad Seelie
out or she'd eat him. Somehow, he got the feelingshe meantit. fae, He worried all day that they wouldn't think he was good

One of the things that had gotten him in trouble in the enough, and he practiced and practiced what he'd been taught.
other homes was bouncing on the bed. Foster parents went
crazy when he bounced on the bed. She didn't look too pleased spooky. The doors were locked and Jasper had to break in so he
when she caught him doing it either, but then she looked real ang Granny could get inside. When the lights came on reveal-
closely at him and started laughing. Jake wasn't sure what she _ jing the most beautiful people Jasper had ever seen, he knew
thought was funny, but at least she wasn't hitting him and jeg passed a test. Very carefully, one of the beautiful ones
yelling at him, so he kept bouncing, higher and higher. She _ (whom he remembered were called sidhe) sliced Jasper's finger
threw something at him —a painted ball — and he caughtit. and took some of his blood. Then Jasper swore an oath to kill
Suddenly he was bouncing so high he thought he'd jump right the wicked Seelie whenever he was assigned to do so, to obey
the Shadow Court in all things, and to never reveal that he
knew anything about the Shadow Court or any of its members. He
made the oath and became a member of the Childrens' Crusade.

They gave him some tattered clothes and sent him to beg
for food from a particular evil Seelie woman. Instead of killing
her right away, he was supposed to listen and watch and report
back to the Shadow Court every thing he learned at court.
When the time was right, he would be told to kill her.

A very nervous Jasper rapped on Elena's freehold door and
asked for some scraps. Elena herself answered, and her heart
went out to the poor little waif on her doorstep. She took him
in and asked his name. Seeing that he was ina very grand place
and afraid she would kick him out if he seemed too unimportant
(she was evil, after all), Jasper said he was known as King Jasper.
Lest she think him one of the good guys and torture him, he
then added "the wicked." Thus King Jasper the Wicked became
Elena's ward.

(SX

OL

2

She told him to shut up and straighten

When they arrived at an old warehouse, it was dark and

He has been living with Elena ever since and reporting
what he learns to the Shadow Court. They always reward him
with a special toy (which he hides) or some candy, which makes

Ch —————


him very happy. He isn't happy about some other things. For
one, Elena doesn't seem evil at all, and she doesn't treat him
like she would throw him in the trash. She's kind to him. She
gives him nice clothes and plenty to eat and toys, and she's
training him in faerie Arts. For another, the Shadow Court has
decided that he should kill Elena and has given him a cold iron
dagger to use. It makes him feel all shivery, and he really doesn't
want to use it on Elena. He's not sure what to do or who to turn
to.

Jasper has started learning the basics of Wayfare and
Legerdemain. He is trained in the use of dagger in subterfuge
and stealth. He knows how to pick locks. His best skills are in
acting, though. He has Elena fooled into believing he's just a
winsome waif instead of a skilled assassin. Elena is teaching
Jasper how to dance, which he greatly enjoys.

Image: Jasper is small, chubby and rosy-cheeked (a far cry
from the thin body and wan face he sported when he first
arrived at the freehold). His hair is a mop of brown curls that
matches the color of his leg pelt. His eyes are large, guilele:
dark brown. People could get lost in the depths of innocence in
Jasper's dark eyes.

and

Roleplaying Hints: You are the mighty assassin King
Jasper the Wicked, here to kill the evil duchess and free your
fellow commoners from the oppressive yoke of Seelie rulership
(whatever that means). You're having real trouble though. The
has been very good to you, and you just can't picture
her as an evil monster like the rest of the Seelie. The Shadow
Court must be wrong about her. But that doesn't matter, does
it? An oath isan oath, at least that's what the ducht ys. Does
that mean that you should kill her because you swore an oath
or not kill her because she's the one teaching you about honor?
You're so confused. Sometimes it's really hard being six.

duche:

Story Connection: None, unless he kills Elena.

Scrolling Players

Though not residents of the kingdom, these two Kithain
are present in Willow's Heart when the story begins and much
of the story centers around them, either due to their absence or
because they are suddenly thrust into the limelight.

High King David

David Ardry is High King of Concordia. The tale of how
he acquired Caliburn while just a boy himself and used it to
defeat a group of commoners attacking noble children during
the Accordance War is a legend already told many times.
David's fair treatment of commoners has won him many
supporters, yet cost him the support of some of the more
conservative nobles. Still, he is a great diplomat, perhaps the
only one who could have ended the war as amicably as he did.

David rules from his freehold of Tara-Nar. He and his new
wife, Faerilyth, had just begun a Grand Tour of the Kingdom of
Concordia so that all his subjects could meet the new High
Queen. Falling prey to a Glamour-dosed poison that made him
highly tractable, David believed the Parliament of Dreams had
deposed him and repudiated him as High King. In believing it

Sice
4

and being confused by the drug, David agreed to surrender
himself to Meilge and hide. He thus repudiated his kingship,
and Caliburn disappeared from his side. Because his sword left
him, David fully believed he had lost his crown. Several
mortals working under Meilge's orders took David away and
beat him unconscious with iron-tipped clubs. David awakens
with no knowledge of who he was or who he is. Thus the land is left

without a true High King and darkness falls across Concordia.

Lleu Arduyad

Often called the perfect knight, Lleu certainly fits the
Gwydion ideal. Originally from the Kingdom of Grass, Lleu
opted for service in his cousin, the High King's, freehold. His
comely face, strong body, shining chestnut hair and brilliant
green eyes attracted much attention there, but he had already
seena fair lady and fallen in love with her from that first glance.
He intended to speak with her about his feelings when he
discovered she was Faerilyth, King David's betrothed. His heart
broken, forbidden by his honor to speak to her of his love, Lleu
now worships her from afar, trying to content himself with
courtly love for his unattainable lady.

<a
RANK

QA

>

Hy

When David disappears, Lleu is torn. He feels it is his duty
to search for the missing High King. His pride is gravely
wounded when Caliburn chooses a mere commoner as its
bearer and the one chosen to undertake the quest for the
missing king. Nevertheless, he is happy to stay by the queen's
side and protect her from the
harm her. Such a position leaves him all too close to her,

S

e who would try to depose or

however, with the temptation to declare his love or at least
slake his passion. Again, his honorand good name prevent such
from happening, but he

secret of hearts

for he hopes in

fe id that he may
yth's love with honor. And by that betrayal of his
oath to David, he finds himself forsworn without ever acting
wrongly. More on Lleu can be found in Noblesse Oblige: The
Book of Houses.


Le
ALS
La

"ig
oped Ping
CLYTG Ag
La

Z

P Gaba
i \p LORIE
Cesk

ey

If someone were to fall into intimate
slumber, and slept

deeply with Things —: how easily he
would come

to a different day, out of the mutual
depth.

Or perhaps he would stay there; and
they would blossom and praise

their newest convert, who now is like
one of them,

all those silent companions in the wind
of the meadows.

—Rainer Maria Rilke, The Sonnets to Orpheus

Numerous supernatural and enchanted creatures those most likely to interact with the changelings of
populate the lands comprising the Kingdom of Wil- the Kingdom of Willows. Numerous World of Darkness
lows. This chapter gives a selection of Gallain, supplements contain information that might be help-
Inanimae, Prodigals and magically aware mortals. The _ ful in fleshing out the Kindred, Garou, wraith and mage
individuals detailed here are not a comprehensive complements of the region. Storytellers should feel free to
listing of all the supernaturals of the region, but are add their own characters or ignore those presented here.

Chapter Five Gallain And Ochers

S
LIN
weer
CER AY
SSRN

J

We

al

>

>)

<S
NZAQ

Zak

Ss

A

Q

against the Cherokee nation by the changelings and mortals
who invaded and stole ancestral lands. In addition, he
recognizes in the person of Meilge the same faerie spirit who
came from across the sea centuries ago to erect a freehold for
himself without bothering to request permission from the
nanehi who already held claim to the land. Gray Eagle's
vendetta against the Half-Faced Serpent is personal, in-

£2

£2

af

ES

SG

Creatures of the Dreaming, the Gallain resemble the
Kithain in the manner of distant cousins. Similar in that they
come from the stuff of dreams and imaginings, they neverthe-
less have different magics and abide by standards that separate
them from mainstream changelings.

Nannehi

Five Nunnehi families occupy parts of the Kingdom of
Willows. The may-may-gway-sh{ and thought-crafters tend to
reside along the coastal regions near Virginia and Maryland,
while the nanehi, yunwi tsundsi and yunwi amai-yine'hi in-
habit the ancestral lands of the Cherokee, Choctaw, Chickasaw
and Creek near the Tennessee/North Carolina border). Addi-
tional information on some of the Nunnehi of the Kingdom of
Willows can be found in Rage Across Appalachia, a Regional
Sourcebook for Werewolf: The Apocalypse, and in Change-
ling: The Dreaming.

Rules for creating Nunnehi characters can be found in the
Changeling Players Guide.

Gray Cagle,
Chief of che Echota Council Lands

Gray eagle servecar ihe warchietiora proupoeNunnehl
braves who have claimed a small spirit glade on the grounds
of the former capital of the Cherokee nation. From their
Hiding ‘place' in the: forests sear: the: restored Cherokee
Supreme Court building, these Nunnehi wage a guerrilla
campaign of harassment against the changeling population
Be Meileeerealan

In his role as leader of a people at war, Gray Eagle sees
his actions as just retribution for the crimes committed

WAS 140 Kingdom oF Willows
K {\ Ni
)

spired by dreams of the ancient past, as well as tribal.

Gray Eagle's mortal life resembles his faerie existence in
style and purpose. As a confirmed Indian rights activist,
Gray Eagle advocates aggressive methods of forcing the
white government to restore tribal lands, return stolen
artifacts and bones and make restitution for centuries of
wrongdoing. He is outspoken in Nunnehi councils, passion-
ately opposing peacemakers like as Chief Crying tears (see
below) and urging all Nunnehi to rise up and seize back their
ancient lands. He believes that only when all of the foreign
changelings are driven out of the Pure Lands will the Higher
Hunting Grounds once again open to the native faeries. As
a mortal, he attends rallies and demonstrations to speak for
increased vigilance and to protest.

Gray Eagle has honed his talents in war, so he excels in
all forms of armed and unarmed combat, including the use of
firearms and explosives. Asa nanehi, he is well-versed in the
history of the Cherokee, particularly as it pertains to their
losses at the hands of the American government. He has
spent a good deal of time in the spirit world and has bonded
with a spirit companion, an eagle spirit who sometimes
materializes in the physical world and accompanies Gray
Eagle on his raids. Gray Eagle's command of Wayfare en-
ables him to escape capture by both Meilge's knights and
government agents, while his knowledge of Primal assists
him in bringing the forces of nature to bear. His skill in the
Nunnehi Art of Spirit Link allows him to contact his tribal
ancestors for advice and assistance.

Image: Gray Eagle appears to be a young Cherokee male
in his late teens, although his chronological age is nearer 40.
He dresses in traditional clothing and usually wears war
paint on his face. In mortal guise, he often wears a worn
leather jacket and faded jeans. He carries a bow and hunting
knife with him at all times; as a mortal, he also packs an
automatic, concealed inside his jacket, or a hunting rifle,
carried openly whenever possible.

Roleplaying Hints: The time for peace ended long ago
with the forced evacuation of most of your people from their
native lands. Your body hosts one of the ancient spirits of
the invisible world, and that spirit cries out for vengeance.
You are the willing instrument of retribution.

Story Connection: No direct connection, though Meilge
might try to imply that the local Nunnehi are somehow
responsible for David's disappearance. Characters willing to
take the risk may attempt to parley with Gray Eagle for
information. Although Gray Eagle does not know (or care)
what happened to the High King, he can reveal some of the
reasons for his hatred of Meilge.


RAIA

lzusa Whicescone,
Elder of the Lizcle People

Since her birth in 1940, Suzie Jefferson knew she was
different. Her great-grandmother raised her on stories — not
only of her proud African heritage, but also of the Creek and
Cherokee blood that pulsed singing through her veins. Even as
achild, however, Suzie felt there was something more. A wise
voice inside her whispered other stories to her at night after she
had gone to bed. These magical dream-tales opened to her a
world of proud and beautiful spirit-people who spoke to the
spirits of plants and rocks and animals and who lived in secret
places hidden in the earth. Someday, the voice said, Suzie
would learn who she really was.

On Suzie's eighth birthday, the whole family traveled from
their home in Childersburg, Alabama to the nearby De Soto
Caverns, where her Uncle Jimmy, a full-blooded Creek, worked
as a tour guide. While Suzie's parents and siblings toured the
caverns, Uncle Jimmy managed to take Suzie aside and lead her
away from the rest of the tour group. Sensing that she was about
to learn the truth about the voice inside her, Suzie's excitement
grew as she and her uncle traveled deeper and deeper into the
vast caverns. The next thing she knew, a dozen slender,
diminutive people stepped out from behind stone pillars or just
"appeared" beside her. As she looked at them, Suzie felt her
body change, becoming a younger version of the strangers who
accosted her. All at once, Suzie realized that these little people
weren't strangers after all; they were her true family, and she
was one of them. And so was her Uncle Jimmy.

Withheruncle'shelp, Suzie (nowrenamed Izusa Whitestone)
managed to keep in touch with her Nunnehi family, the yunwi
tsundsi. During her frequent visits to their freehold of Spirit Rock
deep within the De Soto Caverns, she learned the ways and
customs of her true people. When she was 16, Izusa left home to
take care of her now aging Uncle Jimmy, a move that enabled her
to participate fully in the life of the people of Spirit Rock.

Now, nearly 40 years later, Izusa has attained the status of
elder among the yunwi tsundsi. Although she spends most of
her time within the freehold, teaching the younglings as she
herself was taught, she occasionally visits her mortal family.
Remaining out of sight, she manages to help them in small,
unseen ways after the manner of the "little people." She also
looks for signs of faerie blood in the newest generations of her kin.

Image: Asa mortal, Izusa appears as a middle-aged woman
of mixed blood. The combination of African and Indian
features has toned her skin a dark mahogany color. Her high
cheekbones, dark eyes and full, expressive mouth give her a
wise but approachable countenance. Her long black hair coils
tightly at the back of her neck. As one of the yunwi tsundsi,
Izusa becomes shorter and slimmer; her features take on a
sharper cast. In both forms, she dresses in a pastiche of styles,
combining African jewelry with Indian beadwork and fringe.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the product of three proud
bloodlines. Although, as an elder, you have the right to remain.
within the freehold, soaking up the sustenance of its Medicine-
rich surroundings, you also feel the need to give back some of
the beauty life has given you. You do this through teachii
through making lovely onyx beadwork presents to give to
friends (and sometimes worthy strangers) and by using your gift
for remaining unseen to secretly help your mortal family in
little, thoughtful ways. Someday, you will turn your faerie self
loose and send it onward into another body; when that day
comes, you will be ready for it, but not a minute before.

Story Connection: None, although changelings who have
occasion to visit the De Soto C:

ns in the course of searching
for David might benefit from Izusa's wisdom.

Crying Tears,
ChieF of che Walkers on che CDouncains

Awakening in his teens to the knowledge that his mortal
body hosted the spirit of one of the nanehi, John Crying Tears
gladly accepted the honor that had fallen to him. A vision quest
led him from his mortal home on the Qualla Boundary Chero-
kee Reservation in western North Carolina to the rock forma-
tion known as Chimney Tops in the Great Smoky Mountains
National Park. There, in a secluded place inaccessible to even
the most experienced climbers, he discovered a place within
the spirit world occupied by others of his kind.

That was many years ago. Now Crying Tears servesas chief
for the Nunnehi who call themselves the Walkers on the
Mountain. Within their spirit-realm, these native faeries pre-
serve the old traditions and stories of the Cherokee. In addi-
tion, they attempt to bring to life new stories of hope and the
return of the Higher Hunting Grounds.

Inrecent years, under Crying Tears' advice and urging, the
Walkers have made a tentative alliance witha sept of werewolves
that inhabit the Great Smokies. Discovering that a pooka had
already insinuated herself among the werewolves as an ambas-
sador of sorts, the Nunnehi of the Chimney Tops decided that
they too would make a treaty with the wolf-people, lest they
find themselves once again pushed out of their ancestral lands.

Chapzer Five Gallain And Ochers

ay
x

Ae
AA

~

a

p>»

SG
ze.

SU

Vv

So far, the three-way alliance between Nunnehi, Ameri-
can changelings and werewolves seems to be working. The
three groups meet occasionally in councils (disguised as camp-
ing trips to mortal eyes) and discuss common goals such as the
return of the spirit world to the physical realm, the need to
protect the small population of red wolves recently reintro-
duced to the national park and the dangers presented by the
steady encroachment of the modern world's Banality (which
the werewolves associate with the Weaver).

KX

SG
WS!

Crying Tears is a charismatic leader whose knowledge of
the customs and history of the Cherokee give force to his
decisions and command the respect of his followers. Skilled in
the ways of the warrior, he also possesses a gift for song and
dance, which he exercises during festivals and powwows as a
way of celebrating both his faerie and human natures. His
mastery of Primal, Sovereign and Wayfare assist him in all
facets of his position as leader of his faerie tribe, while his
limited knowledge of Soothsay allows him to choose the best
times for carrying out his visions of peaceful alliance.

Image: Crying Tears resembles the great Cherokee chiefs
of history and legend. His handsome features exhibit strength
and patience, although his dark eyes can flash with sudden
anger when aroused by those who deface the beauty of the
natural world or trample on the rights of his mortal kin. He
dresses most often in traditional clothing, though on rare
occasions, when he must interact with the mortal world, he
may adopt modern dress. He carries himself with the dignity
befitting his station as a leader, but his movements indicate his
skill in war and dance.

Roleplaying Hints: Your vision of an alliance between the
children of the spirit world has become anear-reality. You have
dedicated yourself to its success, though your knowledge of
history has alerted you to the fact that you cannot always trust
the words of the pale-skinned — even those who walk in the

skin of Wolf. Your leadership of the Walkers depends on
yr
YOR,

142
NPP IO OT LT
WSSIESNCSIOSISSS

2-O

Kingdom of Willows

maintaining the respect of those who follow your advice; even
now, you face constant challenges from other braves who
believe that compromise is impossible. You try to discourage

* your people from raiding or harassing the freeholds of the

usurper changelings.

Story Connection: He has no direct relevance to the
story, but at the Storyteller's discretion, Crying Tears might
have witnessed a dark van traveling through the park at great
speed in the early hours of the morning following David's
disappearance. Additionally, the Nunnehi leader could put
interested changelings in contact with the Garou who have a
caern in the national park. (See Rage Across Appalachia for
details on the Garou of the region.)

Aiyana Flower-Thac-Blooms,
Scory of Her People

Because of her parents' employment as costumed inter-
preters for Jamestown Settlement's "Indian Village,"Aiyana
has spent most of her life near the homeland of her Powhatan
ancestors. When, in her early teens, Aiyana discovered her
Nunnehi heritage, she also realized that the sweat lodge — part
of the "living history" exhibit — was actually a Nunnehi
freehold, a place of cleansing and a doorway into the spirit
world.

Asone of the thought-crafters, a Nunnehi tribe associated
with the Powhatans and other Algonquins, Aiyana discovered
her natural talent for herbal healing and for interpretive
dancing.

Aiyana soon joined her parents working for the Jamestown
Settlement. Her outgoing personality has made her a popular
tour guide, although occasionally she gives demonstrations of
early Powhatan gardening and agricultural techniques. Her
touch evokes riotous growth in the plants she tends in the
settlement gardens, a quality that led her to call herself Aiyana
Flower-That-Blooms.


I

Aside from her talents in cultivating plants, she also
touches minds and hearts through her interpretations of an-
cient times. Aiyana is much in demand to play the role of the
famous Powhatan princess in vignettes based on the John
Smith/Pocahontas story.

Although many of her fellow thought-crafters resent non-
Nunnehi changelings, Aiyana believes that all the children of
the Dreaming must learn to cooperate with each other. She
sees herself as an ambassador to mortals and changelings. She
has turned down opportunities to join raiding parties, saying
that she is a planter of seeds, not a destroyer of dream-flowers.

Image: Aiyana is tall and willowy in her mortal form, not
unlike the popularimages of her illustrious ancestor, Pocahontas.
While on the job, she dresses in traditional Powhatan garb. At
other times, she wears comfortable clothing, usually with
traditional-style jewelry she fashions herself. In her true form,
she is even comelier; she decorates her face and arms with body
paint in the way of her ancestors.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the embodiment of history —
the story of your Powhatan ancestors and the story of your faerie
kin. It is your responsibility to see that the tales of the past do
not die and that the lessons of the past are allowed to fall in
fertile soil and blossom. You enjoy meeting with mortals and
non-Nunnehi; they are the ones who need your gifts the most.

Story Connection: None. Visiting the Jamestown Settle-
ment and meeting the thought-crafters who reside nearby
might provide a pleasant — and enlightening — interlude for
characters questing for the High King.

Smiling River, Ccernal Seeker

Smiling River has never known his mortal family. Aban-
doned as a baby inside Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge on
Maryland's Eastern Shore, he was taken by a hunting party of
may-may-gway-shi (rock fishers) to their freehold, the Blackwa-
ter Hunting Grounds. Hidden in the most secluded part of the

wilderness preserve, the Hunting Grounds became Smiling
River's new (and only) home.

His constant exposure to the freehold's potent Medicine
awakened the latent Nunnehi spirit within him, and Smiling
River emerged fully into his faerie nature simultaneously with
his first step. As a youngling, the boy was curious, pestering his
elders with questions about rocks, water, fish and anything else
his active mind could fasten on. When he became a brave, his
inquisitiveness only increased.

Unlike other rock fishers, Smiling River actively seeks
encounters with mortals who visit the wildlife refuge. He often
appears — seemingly out of nowhere — to assist lost explorers
to safety, asking them questions about life outside the Blackwa-
ter Refuge while guiding them back to the area's designated
trails. In this manner, Smiling River has gained an erratic
education about the world of mortals. Although he does not
understand much of what he has learned, he has determined
that one day soon, he will put his newfound knowledge to the
test and explore the vast lands outside the refuge.

es

ALS

KO

(WZ

SS

Smiling River is skilled in Wayfare, Spirit Link and Pri-
mal, but knows almost nothing of other faerie Arts. He has
superb hunting, swimming and wilderness skills, but is woefully
lacking in most "civilized" abilities, such as driving and eti-

quette. Although he speaks English, he can neither read nor
write the language.

Image: As a mortal, Smiling River is short and muscular.
His dark hair hangs in loose, tangled curls to his shoulders. His
f with the gi
almost

ce

face is open and friendly, and he carries hims
of awild creature. When roused to anger, he projects a
feral sense of menace. In his true form, as one of the rock fishers,
Smiling River's face is almost hidden by his mane of unruly
hair. His skin has a fine coating of otterlike fur. He d i
handmade clothing and usually carries with him a few
rocks to give as gifts to people who are especially kind to him.

Roleplaying Hints: The world is a big place, and you want
to explore every part of it. Your family does not agree with you,
believing that you should stay within the safety of your freehold
and its environs. Your need to know as much as you can about
the strangers who visit Blackwater cannot, however, be ig-
nored. As soon as you are able, you are going to step outside the
confines of the wilderness preserve and see what happens.

Story Connection: Smiling River might be intrigued with
the idea of joining a group of outsiders on a great quest.

Leaping Wacers,
Trickster of the Blackwater

qjinimy Lee Barnes learned to aan beicre he coal: wale
IBS coones hewes Old engughifielleamed tomecle aiensce)
Atectusoldes brother mught him the;one of eaveline itay
spent available moment practicing his skill at riding the white-
water rapids. With his father and brother, Jimmy spent many
weekends camping in the Big South Fork National River and
Recreation Area, not far from their home in Oneida, Tennes-
Boe Inihecwecarae hours spentapatdling and kevskineal one,
fine rivers that lay deep withinytiie Bie Gonditcde tay

Chapcer Five Gallain And Others 143

O

wn

Ke

RRR

ALAM

Q

ANN

SS


>

listened as his father talked about his own boyhood and told
stories to entertain his two sons.

Jimmy's favorite stories were the ones about his mother,
who died when Jimmy was born. Like the son she never knew,
Lila could swim like a fish and ran the rapids with the best of
them. The discovery that his mother was also a full-blooded
Chickasaw awakened in Jimmy his other passion — Indian
lore.

As he grew into adolescence, Jimmy developed a prankish
streak. His jokes were never malicious, and he usually chose his
targets carefully. On camping trips, litterers and people who
failed to respect the wilderness came under attack, finding their
trash piled up inside their sleeping bags or discovering their
backpacks crammed full of their carelessly tossed aside ciga-
rette butts. Jimmy couldn't explain why he did such things; he
only knew that it felt "right" to do so.

When he was 15, Jimmy went camping by himself, biking
to his favorite spot in Big South Fork. During the middle of the
night, he awoke suddenly, hearing the sound of water crashing
all around him. Then he heard a voice call out to him, filled
with the rushing noise of the river. As if in a dream, Jimmy
walked the half mile to the nearest riverbank. While he stood,
looking out over the cascading water, he seemed to see shapes
in the darkness, illuminated only by the moonlight glinting off
the swift-moving stream. Touched by the Glamour of the
moment, Jimmy entered his Chrysalis.

Taken by the yunwi amai'yine'hi, the water people, to
their freehold of White Foam deep within Big South Fork,
Jimmy spent several glorious days and nights becoming ac-
quainted with his Nunnehi self — his true self. At the end of
his camping trip, Jimmy went home to his father and brother.
His father took one look at him and said, "I see you've found
your mother's people."

144

Kingdom of Willows

From that time on, Jimmy spent more time with his
newfound Nunnehi family than he did with his mortal kin.
Calling himself Leaping Waters, he has become one of the
water people's most vigilant and inventive wilderness protec-
tors.

Leaping Waters is an expert swimmer and boater. In
addition he knows general wilderness survival and excels at
concealing himself in order to pull off his most successful
pranks. He has a good grasp of Chicanery, Legerdemain and
Wayfare and has begun to learn the Nunnehi Art of Spirit Link.

Image: Jimmy is aslightly built young man in his midteens,
with shoulder-length black hair, prominent cheekbones, and
eyes that smile even when he is angry. He dresses in hiking
clothes in his human form. As one of the water people, Jimmy's
body becomes more slender, his eyes grow larger and darker and
his skin acquires a fine coating of silvery speckled scales — like
the trout whose form he has learned to take.

Roleplaying Hints: You still care for your mortal family,
but the water people are your real kin. Being in the water, on
the water or near the water makes you feel alive. You only wish
other folks could understand just how precious the rivers are.
Somehow, you'll find a way to teach the worst offenders proper
respect for nature — even if it kills them.

Story Connection: No direct connection to the ongoing
story. Characters traveling through the Big South Fork, for
whatever reason, might ran afoul of Leaping Waters' pranks if
they fail to respect the wilderness lands around them.

Lost Ones

The Kingdom of Willows contains a few unique creatures
whoare both more and less than Kithain. Among these are the
Inanimae (covered later) and the Lost Ones. A few Lost Ones,
ancient faeries who remained behind after the Shattering but
did not undergo the transformation into changelings, inhabit
hidden freeholds from which they never emerge. A few are
detailed here. Storytellers may use these as guidelines when
creating (or discovering) other Lost Ones within the southern
Dreaming.

Lord Tamlin, Fiddler of Lost Dreams

Long before the arrival of colonists from Europe and the
changelings who accompanied them to the New World, the
Cumberland Mountains of eastern Kentucky served as a refuge
for a small band of Fiona sidhe. Led by Lord Tamlin, these
fugitives from the Sundering made peace with the local Nunnehi
and received permission to build a freehold. When the Shatter-
ing forced them to depart for Arcadia, Lord Tamlin stayed
behind to hold open the decaying portal so that his household
could make their escape. Left alone and vulnerable to the tide
of Banality that was sweeping over the world, Lord Tamlin
would have perished if not for the assistance of the Nunnehi.
The native faeries helped the sidhe lord weave a powerful
ward of Glamour and Medicine around a mountain bald, a
site that now serves as both shelter and prison for the
ancient faerie lord.

re ee eT REE

Tamlin spends much of his time in slumber within his
hidden refuge. On the occasions when he does wake, he
entertains himself by playing ancient melodies on his fiddle.
The music escapes the confines of his freehold, emerging as
ghostly tunes that seem born from the very air itself.

Despite his centuries of isolation, Tamlin remains rela-
tively sane, unlike other Lost Ones who have completely
succumbed to Bedlam. He believes that his music has helped
him preserve some connection with the outside world, though
he cannot access it directly. The sidhe lord longs for the time
when the Dreaming will either return in force to restore the
severed connections with the mortal world or else vanish
altogether, bringing his sorrowful sojourn to an end. He has
sensed that some of his household have returned from Arcadia
and, within the cocoon of his Glamour, he hopes that this
event signi
reward for

a fortuitous end to his lonesome vigil and a
s sacrifice.

Tamlin possesses extraordinary abilities in Kenning
and Gremarye and a prodigious musical talent. He is one of
the true fae, so most of his abilities exceed the norm for
modern changelings. He retains a fierce hold on his sanity,
though he frequently slips into dreamlike states akin to
catatonia.

Image: Tamlin embodies the Fiona ideal. Seen in his
natural state, his beauty radiates like a glowing torch. Fine
features, long red hair and dark emerald-green eyes give him
the ap)
house. He has no mortal guise.

arance of a faerie king. He still wears the colors of his

Roleplaying Hints: You pass from sleep into dreams and
from there into pained wakefulness. Your music sustains you,
feeding you with hope and sorrow and reminding you of those
who are no longer nearby. Someday, this will all end — how,
you do not know. For the time being, it's a song before sleeping
and a lively air upon waking, and nothing but dreams in the
space between.

Story Connection: Lord Tamlin ap Fiona has no connec-
tion with the story, although he once knew (and detested)
Meilge ap Eiluned. The High Castle Crafters might elicit the
characters' aid in solving the mystery of the Dancing Ground
(Lord Tamlin's freehold) in return for their assistance in
looking for the High King. The music from Tamlin's fiddle,
additionally, might help replenish exhausted supplies of Glam-
our for characters who spend the night near his freehold.

Ceridwyllia, "Sweet CDagnotia

The Lost One who inhabits a freehold locked within a
stand of pink magnolia trees outside Natchez, Mississippi, has
dwelled within her palatial dream prison for centuries, since
the Shattering caught her unaware. A noble of House Eiluned,
once known for her powerful sorceries and her affinity for
nature, Ceridwyllia quickly pulled together as much Glamour as
she could in order to construct a wall of dreams between herself
and the harsh material world.

In her fear, she ripped Glamour from a band of local
Nunnehi, destroying their faerie natures and removing their
spirits from their part of the Dreaming. This action thrust
Ceridwyllia irrevocably into her Unseelie nature just as she
completed the final enchantments to seal her entirely within
a pocket of the Dreaming. The mortal world closed around her
and abandoned her to her desperate, frightened, murderous
dreams.

Over the centuries, Ceridwyllia has grown more and more
maddened with her desperate state. Her nightmarish dreams
have taken shape around her, forming themselves into hideous
chimerical beings that alternately torment and grovel before her.
Some of these creatures have begun to awaken to a kind of
sentience and whisper to her of dark happenings in the world
beyond her grasp. This only serves to intensify her fear that one
day someone will penetrate her sanctuary and bring about her
destruction. To this end, she has devised certain protections that


will discourage outsiders from approaching her guarded realm
and punish those who persist or ignore her warnings. For her,
existence within the Dreaming has become a perpetual sojourn
in the realm of Nightmare.

Like all true fae (those who never took mortal form),
Ceridwyllia's abilities far exceed those of normal changelings.
She possesses a keen knowledge of plants and herbs, has a truly
enchanting singing voice and, true to her Eiluned house, can
manipulate anyone or anything to do her bidding (though she
has little opportunity to do so in her present circumstances).
She is a master of Sovereign and Chicanery with some knowl-
edge of Dream Craft and Primal.

Image: Ceridwyllia is tall and slender, with torrents of
dark chestnut hair framing her delicate face and cascading in
ripples down her back. Her eyes are a pale blue, giving her face
the vacant innocence of a china doll. She dresses in gowns of
black and pink gossamer, spun from her dreams. Like all Lost
Ones, she has no fleshly embodiment.

Roleplaying Hints: Every day they get closer, those who
mean to harm you. You have held yourself apart from the great
coldness outside for what seems like thousands of years, though
perhaps only a few days have passed since you hid within the
Dreaming. It doesn't matter; only survival matters. To that
end, you send your fears outward from your home, hoping to
keep yourself safe and inviolate as long as you can. Sometimes
you wonder what it would be like to break through your
enchantments and step outside; most of the time, however, you
know that it would be your death.

"ay

Uy,

OSG
SJ

Story Connection: Unscrupulous Unseelie acquaintan-
ces of the characters might put them in touch with the "wise
lady in the magnolia grove," knowing full well that Ceridwyllia's
advice is often deliberately misleading and malicious.

Inanimae

Faeries who have bonded with inanimate objects bear the
name Inanimae and exhibit traits and powers beyond the
understanding of most changelings. A few examples of south-
ern Inaminae are listed here to provide Storytellers with ideas
for expanding on these mysterious denizens of the Dreaming.
While nymphs are technically Inanimae, they are listed sepa-
rately.

Scacuaries

Also called golems, these creatures reside within statues
found in public squares, historic parks and museums. A passion-
ate and determined Inanimae who calls himself Emancipation
has inhabited the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C.,
since its construction. Other statues throughout the Kingdom
of Willows (and, most likely, all Concordia) contain their own
resident faeries, attuned either to the vision embodied by the
statue or to the stone from which it was carved.

Akin to statuaries, the Inanimae called cemeterians in-
habit the monuments that mark burial sites and serve as
tombstones or memorials. The Look Homeward Angel that
marks the grave of Thomas Wolfe in Asheville, Riverside

Kingdom of Willows
von ‘

Cemetery contains a loquacious faerie who watches over the
author's boyhood hometown. Changelings who pass by cem-
eteries late at night can sometimes hear the muted conversa-
tions and sense the elusive movements of cemeterians.

Ocher Inanimae

In the Duchy of the Triangle, a number of nockers
involved in the computer industry claim they have seen
evidence of faeries residing within hardware and, in some
cases, software. Rumors of an Internet of dreams has assumed
the status of folk legend among these fae who work with high
tech.

Some Inanimae have achieved a degree of mobility not
usual for their kind. These are the ones who have linked
themselves with the steamboats that ply the Mississippi or
carnival rides in state theme parks.

Nymphs

The Inanimae known as nymphs inhabit natural objects,
such as trees and rock formations. Though some have freedom
of movement, many are confined toa limited sphere of activity.
They nevertheless interact occasionally with local change-
lings.

CDuireann, che Angel Oak

The nymph bound to the majestic Angel Oak near Charles-
ton, South Carolina, watches the world change around her
with a mournful fascination. A few of the local changelings
know that the ancient tree houses the spirit of a nymph, and
some Kithain have sought her advice and counsel, knowing
that her many years have given her great wisdom and profound
insights.

Although those blessed with faerie sight enjoy the gentle
company of the nymph and bask in the peaceful Glamour she


exudes, none understand the sorrow buried deep within her
ever-aching heart.

Long before the Shattering, a few sidhe traveled across the
ocean to seek refuge in the western lands. One of these,
Gofraidh of House Gwydion, built a freehold near modern-day
Charleston. On one occasion, when Lord Gofraidh was in-
specting his new lands, he encountered a beautiful maiden

sitting beneath an oak tree of unsurpassed splendor. The two
creatures of the Dreaming fell in love instantly. Although, as a
bound nymph, the Lady Muireann could not stray far from her
tree, Lord Gofraidh spent as much time in her company as he
could, sometimes neglecting his other duties as the head of a
faerie household in order to be near his heart's joy.

When the Shattering fell upon the land, Lord Gofraidh
helped the other residents of his freehold escape to Arcadia,
then returned to the island where Muireann's tree stood,
hoping to convince his beloved to come with him. Through her
tears, Muireann told her sidhe lover that such was impossible.
She and her tree were bound to remain rooted to the mortal
world; she could only trust that they would also anchor them-
selves in what was left of the Dreaming as well. She urged
Gofraidh to leave her and save himself before it was too late.
Gofraidh refused, choosing instead to remain in the embrace of
his beloved until the darkness and icy chill of the Shattering
trapped and shattered his faerie spirit beyond retrieval.

Over the ensuing centuries, Muireann has come to terms
with the overwhelming sadness that enveloped her at Gofraidh's
death. She takes an interest in mortals and changelings alike,
delighting in watching them as they rest beneath her leafy
branches. When approached by changelings who can see her
faerie form, she is a gracious host, offering wisdom and comfort.
Though polite and helpful, Muireann always avoids forming
close relationships with other changelings.

Image: Muireann's mortal form is that of an ancient oak,
majestic and powerful in aspect. Her faerie nature reveals a slim

. Wang! 4

maiden with nut-brownskin and long, flowing hair that changes
colors with the seasons. Her eyes, though warm and friendly,
sometimes fill with tears for no apparent reason.

Roleplaying Hints: Centuries have passed, yet to you it
seems almost yesterday that you watched your greatest joy fall
prey to the Shattering's icy knives. You try not to let your
sorrow blind you to the beauty that still lies within your sight,
but you will never again allow yourself to feel too deeply or
become too attached to anyone.

Story Connection: The Angel Oak has no direct connec-
tion with the search for the High King. She can identify,
however, with the loss of a loved one and might have some
wisdom (at the Storyteller's discretion) that could further
characters' search for David.

Evangeline, The Lady of Bayou Sz. John

Within the city of New Orleans, not far from Lake
Pontchartrain, Bayou St. John stands as a fragile reminder of
the natural world. Inhabiting the bayou, bound to a magnifi-
cent, moss-draped cypress tree, the nymph known as the Lady
of Bayou St. John strives to maintain her tenuous connections to
both her natural focus and the Dreaming to which she belongs.

Some of the changelings of New Orleans visit the Lady's
tree. There, in the radius of her influence, these visitors
automatically manifest their true selves as the Dreaming sur-
rounds them. Within the Lady's sphere, changelings can see
her dual image as tree and faerie; few who see her leave her
presence without weeping for what they see.

The Lady is ancient, as old as the tree thai

anchor to the physical world. Because of her age,
wisdom that far exceeds the eldest of the fae and, in some cases,
the oldest members of other supernatural species. Although her
true name remains a secret, she has developed a liking for the
name Evangeline, having heard Longfellow's poem froma local
eshu whose mortal family contains Cajun blood.


Evangeline senses that her bayou — like most wilderness
lands — is under attack from malevolent forces in both the
material world and the Dreaming. Both she and her tree seem
afflicted with a gnawing lassitude and a sickness of the spirit.
Changelings who seek her counsel often leave gifts of Glamour,
which help stave off the malaise temporarily. Sooner or later,
Evangeline fears that the city will devour this oasis of natural
beauty, bringing to an end her existence in both worlds.

The Lady of Bayou St. John possesses unlimited amounts
of Kenning and ancient lore. She is also adept at presenting
insights into puzzles, often in the form of a riddle or allegorical
folk tale. Though limited in her ability to leave the area of her
cypress, in faerie form she possesses a natural grace and is
accomplished in both song and dance. Her knowledge of
Soothsay and Primal gives her great control over the natural
world and allows her to see into the distant future.

Image: Evangeline's mortal form is a tall, stately cypress
overhung with long fronds of Spanish moss. Even to human
eyes, this tree bears a feminine grace and seems to exude an
inexpressible sadness. The Lady's faerie seeming resembles a
delicate, brown-skinned woman with long mossy strands of
dark olive hair. Although she is still quite beautiful, the
sickness that affects her and her tree makes her seem to be on
the verge of fading away. The sadness in her eyes brings tears to
anyone who meets her gaze.

Roleplaying Hints: So much noise, so much tumult sur-
rounds you that even in your sanctuary you cannot help but feel
the weight of the world begin to press in upon you. You long for
the company of the mobile ones, the changelings whose short
lives and frenetic activities invest you with life and gaiety for
atime. They have questions, and sometimes you have answers.
Perhaps your advice can lead eventually to a better time.

Story Connection: Evangeline's knowledge of ancient faerie
lore might provide the characters with important leads on their
quest for David. In addition, the Lady might offer to hide
Faerilyth should the High Queen be in need of a protector.
Evangeline knows every inch of Bayou St. John and also has
friends throughout New Orleans who can come to her assistance
at a moment's notice.

Prodigals

Vampires, werewolves, mages and wraiths comprise a class
of supernaturals referred to by changelings as Prodigals, faeries
who have lost their connection with their faerie heritage and
who have transformed into something else entirely. The fol-
lowing section describes the various types of Prodigals found
within the Kingdom of Willows and details a few individuals
who may have occasion to interact with local changelings.

Vampires

For the most part, vampires and changelings run in differ-
ent circles. Whenever they do overlap, cooperation and alli-
ances can occur. Changelings are drawn to the dark Glamour
vampires exude and can become caught up in it to the exclu-

Kingdom oF Willows

sion of other activities, so most who contact the Children of
Lilith keep it short for their own protection. On their part,
vampires who taste Kithain blood can find it profoundly
disturbing. Some, however, acquire the taste, much as mortals
become addicted to harmful drugs. Still, all rules have excep-
tions, and some of the Kithain of the Kingdom of Willows have
connections with local Kindred.

Few cities in the American South are large enough to
support more than a handful of vampires. Major cities, such as
Atlanta, Charleston, the Research Triangle of North Carolina,
Memphis, Nashville and other Southern metropolises rival the
cities of the Northeast, Midwest and West coast in vampiric
residents. The smaller cities and towns, however, hold only one
or two Kindred at most; a vampire will occasionally claim an
entire county as her feeding grounds. In addition, the country-
side and wilderness areas of the Kingdom of Willows support a
few of the feral vampires known as Gangrels.

Storytellers wanting more information on the develop-
ment of Kindred society in the South may find these details in
New Orleans by Night, D.C. by Night, and other sourcebooks
for Vampire: the Masquerade.

Dominic G. Fellowes, Family Friend'

eT Houeh Kine Mi cllge nridea iinmeell onus conmectiona to
Atlante ctinie lonley many ohtieee undervorlieeer acetal y
genre ethiee arece ee heveliniven nocoural pencemen
known as "Mr. D."

Dominic G. (for Giovanni) Fellowes, in fact, has exercised
control ven Clans erunjonenminal operaconsior Wie lage
20 fence Arriving in Adenrain the early mertothencee Cini
War Reconstruction era, Dominic quickly cornered the market
in prostitution, smuggling, the black market, gambling and
extortion.

When his operatives mncormed hintartewvectaaco tine 4
new playerhed emerced on the sceties Dominioartanbed (onan


evening meeting with the newcomer. Intending to size up his
rival and, if necessary, put him in his place, Dominic found
himself instead responding favorably to the distinguished,
disturbingly alluring gentleman who introduced himself as Mr.
Willows. An unlikely partnership emerged from that meeting,
and an association based on mutual respect has resulted in
something akin to "friendship."

Dominic has several havens scattered throughout the city.
His primary resting place, the basement of a Victorian mansion
on the outskirts of Atlanta, remains a secret to all but his most
trusted retainers.

Image: Dominic appears to be a slender, sickly looking
man in his mid-30s, with slicked-back black hair, heavy-lidded
dark eyes and a strong chin. He dresses in hand-tailored suits
(usually dark gray) and silk ties. His speech is cultured, with no
trace of an accent. A pair of ghouls, one male and one female,
accompany him wherever he goes.

Roleplaying Hints: Your family believes that you have the
entire city of Atlanta firmly under your control. You allow
them to continue in that assumption. So far as you can tell, the
man who calls himself Mr. Willows does not appear to be a
threat to you. So long as you can work with him, you will. If he
proves inconvenient, however, you know lots of ways to rid
yourself of any problems he might cause.

Story Connection: Several of Meilge's plans for abducting
the High King have come to Dominic's notice; one of the goons
Meilge selected to baby-sit the Banalized David actually an-
swers to Dominic. Thus far, Dominic merely knows that "Mr.
Willows" arranged to have a "rival" removed. He isn't certain
yet if he should take steps to acquire control of this important
prisoner himself. The Giovanni also knows of Meilge's strange
commission of an iron cage, although he has no idea of its
purpose.

(Werewolves

Werewolves and changelings share a connection with the
Wyld. Both are creatures who thrive on spontaneity and abhor
the steady encroachment of the modern world into regions
they consider sacrosanct. Some changelings, particularly the
sidhe, remember ancient ties with certain tribes of werewolves.
In many parts of the Kingdom of Willows, Garou and Kithain
have found common ground, and strong friendships have
arisen between individuals of both species. In Atlanta; Balti-
more; Washington, D.C. and the Research Triangle, Bone
Gnawers and Glass Walkers share their love for creative and
nonharmful technology with nockers, boggans and members of
House Dougal. The many Celtic festivals scattered throughout
the South draw large numbers of Fianna Garou, bringing them
into contact with local changelings, particularly pooka and
members of House Fiona.

Just as changelings have a sinister aspect, so too do the
werewolves. Some Black Spiral Dancers, servants of destruc-
tion and chaos, actively work with the Unseelie fae of Houses
Balor and Ailil to bring about the triumph of disorder and
universal ruination.

As always, the extent of cross-connections between the
Garou and the Kithain remains in the hands of individual
Storytellers, who can find additional information on werewolves
of the South in Rage Across Appalachia and other sourcebooks
for Werewolf: the Apocalypse.

QDonica Hauichorne,
Cncrepreneur co the Fae

Asa member of the Garou tribe of Glass Walkers, Monica
has no fear of technology, but views it as a part of humanity's
natural creativity and thus acceptable to Gaia, the spirit of the
Earth. As a graduate student in engineering at the University
of Chapel Hill, she attended several lectures given by Professor
Camden Murdoch. Sensing something extraordinary about the
gifted but decidedly eccentric professor, Monica looked more
closely at him, drawing upon her Garou abilities to penetrate
his mortal shell. Delighted at discovering a member of the rare
race of faeries, Monica sought out the Professor and revealed
herself to him.

Since that time, Monica and Duke Murdoch have main-
tained regular contact with each other. She is one of the few
non-Kithain to visit the sidhe lord's laboratory and view some
of his prized inventions. She is trying to interest Murdoch in
the idea of starting up a small business to market some of his
more durable creations. So far, Murdoch has declined her offer,
fearing that his Glamour-infused machines and gadgets will
not survive the Banality of the modern marketplace.

Image: Monica is tall and broad-shouldered, with short dark
hair and bright blue eyes. She dresses in stylish clothes, even when
attending lectures, and usually carriesa laptop computerand cell phone.
Asa wolf, she has dark brown fur and a stocky, well-muscled body.

Roleplaying Hints: Professor Murdoch's dream-tech may
be just the solution to bridging the gap between the Weaver's
creations and the Wyld's abhorrence of technology. You don't
exactly understand why the Professor is afraid to release his

Chapzer Five Gallain And Ochers 149

TP TDD OOS

inventions into the world. You would love to bring the change-
lings of the Triangle into an alliance with your fellow Garou.
There are few enough of each of you in the region that
cooperation may spell the difference between defeat and vic-
tory in the coming war against the Wyrm — or the Endless
Winter, as the Professor calls it.

Story Connection: Monica has no direct connection with
the story, although it is possible that she can assist characters
who win her trust through her Gifts and abilities to travel
through the Umbra.

CDages

Changelings and mages can make interesting if often
volatile combinations. Mages thrive on reinterpreting reality;
like changelings, many mages — those who belong to the
Traditions — decry the static (i.e., banal) paradigm of the
modern, techno-rational world view. Members of the Tech-
cy, who are responsible for much of the world's refusal to
accept anything irrational or magical, have a harder time
dealing with changelings on anything other than an antagonis-
tic basis. The:
but circum:

RR RG RA

2)

noc

1

SS)

are, of course, exceptions to this generalization,

s must be extraordinary for a changeling and

aTechnocracy mage to cooperate. Marauder mages, who create
their own chaotic world view wherever they go, sometimes
acquire changelings as companions or allies; many Kithain,
however, find their presence too disorienting to deal with.
Many Traditions and Technocratic Conventions exist,
albeit in relatively small numbers, throughout the Kingdom of
Willows. Their associations with the local changeling popula-
tion ar ch mage's individual "dream" of reality.
The tial Chorus has numerous members active in the
Bible Belt, where the language of religion gives them a foothold
among the majority of Southern "believers." In New Orleans
and a few other places where voudon has a following, the

varied as e2

Euthanatos have gained a strong hold. Dreamspeakers find
their magick effective in Native American communities and
among the sizable black population of the South, while a few
Verbena have discovered wellsprings of Quintessence in the
Southern backwoods, often on ancient faerie sites.

Storytellers may use information from Mage: the Ascen-
sion and its various sourcebooks to embellish the mage popu-
lation of the Kingdom of Willows.

Annalee Bonnedieux, ‘Spiric Talker'

Annalee's mother was a self-initiated priestess of a small
sect, based in New Orleans, that borrowed its beliefs from many
traditions; voudon, Catholic, evangelical, Santeriaand Wiccan
practices gave the Church of the Open Soul an eclectic and
ageless feel. Charismatic and hands-on healing sessions led to
outbursts of the "spirit," sending participants into bouts of
glossolalia (speaking in tongues), prophesying and sometimes
among particularly sensitive individuals, convulsions.

Hand-picked to succeed her mother as high priestess,
Annalee seemed well on the way to fulfilling the church's
expectations until one meeting, when she felt something break
apart within her, as if some nascent creature were bursting
through a shell. Wracked by convulsions, she fell writhing to
the floor of the basement apartment used by the church. The
episode passed, but the girl refused to open her eyes or do
anything except breathe. Her mother refused to take her
daughter to the hospital, insisting that the spirit was moving
inside her daughter and that she belonged at home.

For three days, Annalee languished in a deep coma.
During that time, she experienced a series of eerie dreams, in
which wise men and women came to her ina timeless place and
spoke to her of truemagick.

When she awoke, she realized that something profound
had happened to her. The next evening, a tall, thin woman
with coal-dark skin and bright green eyes visited her. She
introduced herself as Sister Moriah and informed Annalee that
she had just found her way into the Tradition of mages who
called themselves Dreamspeakers.

Since her Awakening, Annalee has left her mother's
church to study with her mentor. The two women work with
community service organizations to improve the conditions of
the city's poor while at the same time attempting to heal the
many rifts they see in the spirit world around New Orleans.
Annalee has recently discovered the existence of a small
community of changelings based in the Big Easy. Although
their dark dreams disturb her, she is determined to bring the
truth of the spirit world to these misled creatures. She hopes to
wean the woman who calls herself Duchess Lisette away from
contact with the city's Setite vampires, but Sister Moriah has
warned her that doing so may prove costly.

Image: Annalee is a waiflike young woman of mixed
blood. She has café-au-lait skin, honey-blond hair and pale-
blue eyes. She dresses in wispy scraps of second-hand clothing
and usually carries a shoulder bag filled with various items she
finds useful in working her magick.

Q

S)

4

S

en > > See = SS Rw a >= =

SS
4}
="

Roleplaying Hints: The spirit world around New Orleans
is dark and frightening. Many things are out of balance, and it
is your duty to try to restore harmony to the distressed ancestors
and totem children who dwell beyond the Barrier. If you were
adeath mage, you might try to eradicate the perpetrators of the
malevolence you sense; as a Dreamspeaker, however, your
inclination is to heal and transform, rather than destroy. At
least, for now.

Story Connection: Characters who know anything about
Dreamspeakers may look up Annalee for assistance in search-
ing for evidence that David's spirit has left the world. Annalee
will be able to assure them that the ancestors have not encoun-
tered David on the Bright Path or in the lands of the dead.

(raichs

The Restless Dead abound in the Kingdom of Willows,
bound to the region by Fetters of many kinds. In the backwoods
and bayous, victims of crimes of passion, feuds and vendettas
haunt the sites of their deaths. In the cities, homicides, suicides
and accident victims remain close to the people they have left
too soon or the things they have not yet accomplished. The
ghosts of coal miners buried under thousands of tons of rock in
Kentucky, of drowning victims along the Mississippi flood
plain, and of careless wilderness daytrippers in the Ozarks,
Appalachians and Cumberland Mountains linger near their
graves or look in on their loved ones from beyond the Shroud.

The ghosts of war choke the Southern Shadowlands. The
South contains sites of bloody battles from the American
Revolution, the War of 1812, the Civil War and the numerous
conflicts between native people and encroaching settlers. The
ground in some parts of the Kingdom of Willows radiates a dark
Glamour that has little to do with that faerie realm's tainted king.

Storytellers seeking to combine fairy tales with ghost
stories should consult Wraith: the Oblivion and its sourcebooks,

particularly Necropolis: Atlanta, the Wraith Players Guide
and the Shadow Players Guide for additional information on
Southern wraiths.

The Colonel

Stalking the battlefields from Antietam to Shiloh, from
Chickamauga to Vicksburg, the tattered figure clad in the
faded uniform of a Confederate soldier makes his lonely pil-
grimage in the darkest hours of the southern nights. Wandering
through the battlegrounds, oblivious to commemorative mark-
ers and plaques that attest to the passage of time, he stoops over
now and again, as if contemplating some invisible form lying on
the ground at his feet. Sometimes, he kneels to whisper words
of comfort to an unseen, fallen comrade or, more often, to close
the eyes of a dying form — likewise undetectable to anyone but
himself.

If anyone approaches him, either in the physical world or
by entering the Dark Umbra of the Shadowlands, he regards
them sadly with haunted eyes. "Have you seen my brother?" he
whispers in a voice that comes from a vast inner well of sorrow.
"T think I killed him in the heat of battle. Or maybe it was in
another place."

The wraith who calls himself "the Colonel" remembers
little of his mortal life except that he fought for the South
during the Civil War, while his younger brother remained loyal
to the Union. The Colonel has undergone so many Harrowings
in the Tempest that surrounds the Shadowlands that most of
his memories have been stripped from him. The one memory
that lingers and that holds him to the Skinlands (the physical
world) is the sight of his bloody saber buried in the chest of a
Union soldier — his brother.

The Colonel may attach himself to any changeling char-
acter who even superficially resembles his brother (whose
description is left to the Storyteller). Unseelie changelings
who are members of the Pilgrims of the Bright Road may find
him a useful and informative companion and ally, for if his
memories of his physical life have faded to almost nothing, his
knowledge of the events occurring on his side of the Shroud are
sharp and incisive.

Image: The Colonel appears to be in his mid-30s, with
shoulder length chestnut brown hair and a full mustache. His
brown eyes are soft and sorrowful. His handsome face is marred
by a gaping wound on his left cheek — the remnants of the
musket blast that ended his mortal life. He wears the clothing
of a colonel in the Army of the Confederacy, though he is
missing identifying regimental patches and other markings
that would provide easy references to his true identity.

Roleplaying Hints: Youdidn'tmean to cause your brother's
death. In the confusion of swords and rifles and the press of
bodies as two armies clashed up close, you never knew who
caught your sword's thrust until he fell at your feet. His sightless
eyes condemned you to this eternity of searching for his
remains. If you could remember where you fought, your task
might be easier. In the meantime, there are so many others who
are in need of your comfort and your pleas for forgiveness. You

Chapcer Five Gallain And Ochers 151

SS

SN

sometimes touch the minds of the living in the course of your
wandering, hoping that one of them might lead you to your goal
and allow you to make your peace and rest in the arms of
Oblivion.

Story Connection: If characters can "connect" with the
Colonel, the wraith can provide them with the information
that no one fitting the description of David's mortal form has
entered the Shadowlands.

The Daunzain

Changelings who have denied their natures serve as
some of the Kithain's most dangerous opponents. Some
have willingly destroyed their faerie souls, believing them-
selves possessed by demons. These Dauntain make fanatic
witch-hunters and can be found in the Kingdom of Willows
conducting purity crusades or stirring up the Moral Majority
to stamp out signs of perversion and unwholesome displays
of the imagination. Other members of this group remain
ignorant of their faerie natures but devote themselves,
nevertheless, to the eradication of forces and mysterious
events they don't understand. Many of the Dauntain act as
psychologists, prison wardens, logic professors and police
investigators. More information on the Dauntain and their
motivations can be found in The Autumn People.

CDorcals

Most changelings in the Kingdom of Willows maintain
contact with their mortal families or have friends and cowork-
ers who know nothing of the Dreaming or its creatures. Inter-
actions with the mortal world form important parts of change-
ling chronicles, and Storytellers should use as many sources as
possible to create realistic human allies and antagonists for
their changeling characters.

Aside from family members, friends, lovers, business and
professional associates and other humans a changeling might
encounter in the course of her mortal life, southern change-
lings may also meet up with faith healers, itinerant preachers,
snake-oil salesmen, smooth-talking local politicians, small-
town sheriffs, gangs of good ole' boys, members of the local
chapter of the KKK and any number of other "typically"
southern archetypes. Artists, dancers, poets, craftspersons and
other creative individuals serve as potent sources of Glamour
for changelings in the Kingdom of Willows.

While most changeling chronicles tend to focus on events
that take place within freeholds or in the Near Dreaming,
Storytellers should keep in mind that the real world lies on just
the other side of the Mists and that when a changeling tempo-
rarily loses her faerie self to Banality, there is still a whole world
outside waiting to claim her attention.

A few mortals fall into special categories that lift them
above the common crowd of unaware humans.

Kingdom of Willows

The Enchanzed

Changelings often enchant mortals to bring them more
fully into the Dreaming. The reasons for doing so are as varied
as the changelings who engage in the practice of enchantment.
Kithain often seek to enchant lovers, best friends, children and
outcasts either to share with them the wonders of the Dreaming
or, less admirably, to use them as servants and Glamour-dolls.

Many mortals in the American South have a lower Banal-
ity threshold than in some other parts of the country. In
metropolitan areas such as Atlanta, Washington, D.C. and
Baltimore, mortal disbelief in the supernatural is on a par with
most major urban centers; in areas of the Southeast blessed
with populations whose ethnic folk history predisposes them to
accepting the miraculous or the magical, mortals tend to offer
less resistance to being brought into the world of changelings.
In particular, African-Americans and Celtic-Americans have
strong beliefs in the existence of creatures from the spirit world
or faerie. The backwoods, hinterlands, bayous and other wild
places of the South contain many enclaves of mortals who
refuse to accept their encounters with haints, Fair Folk and
bogeymen as mere superstition. These individuals are rela-
tively easy to enchant and suffer less from the experience than
mortals raised to disbelieve anything that fails to fit the rational
mindset.

The Enchanted, a sourcebook for Changeling: the Dream-
ing, gives rules for enchanting mortals and for creating En-
chanted mortals to use as characters or Storyteller personalities.

Aucumn People

For every mortal who falls under the spell of a changeling,
there is one whose excessive Banality serves as a karmic
backlash, driving the Kithain out of their faerie selves by his
mere presence. These are the Autumn People, humans so
riddled with soulless disbelief and stultifying mundanity that
they act as wet blankets tossed over a parade of Dreamers.

The Kingdom of Willows has its share of these party-
poopers. Autumn People exist among hate-mongers, who dwell
on turning minds against anything that is not normal or 100%
"American"; petty politicians, who see the world in terms of
votes and personal gain; and rationalists, who may belong to
any profession or social class and who have denied themselves
the ability to imagine anything better than what they see and
feel. Not a few Southern preachers have twisted the promise of
their religion into a spiritless campaign for dollars and empty
devotions. Many conservative religious factions suppress cre-
ative or individual thinking because they fear it will distract
their flock from "what's in the Good Book." King David's
quartet of kidnappers fall into the category of Autumn People,
as does the mother of Appalachia's Duchess Dianan.

The Autumn People describes these crass opponents of
the Dreaming for Storytellers who wish to inject these impla-
cable foes into their chronicles.

LW RES OOOO OL LOTR



PAR

1s
Kha a

Bid me discourse, I will enchant thine ear.
— William Shakespeare, Venus and Adonis

This section provides ideas for telling stories based in the
Kingdom of Willows. Many of these suggestions feature the
characters outlined in Chapters Four and Five and should serve
as starting points for indigenous changeling characters begin-
ning play within the region, more advanced characters arriving
in the area, or newly created outsiders. This chapter also
includes information to help the Storyteller enhance the mood
and atmosphere of stories set in the Kingdom of Willows.

In addition, this section also launches the events of the
ongoing storyline, beginning with the masquerade ball given
by King Meilge to honor the visiting High King and Queen of
Concordia. Several complex issues are at work in this chronicle.

ward,

To help Storytellers better understand what happens at the ball
and shortly thereafter, a little background on the major players
in the drama is offered here.

Prelude co the Quest

King Meilge has long desired the throne of Concordia. His
original intent was to depose High King David through both his
criminal connections and his supporters in the Golden Sickle.
When a beautiful young sidhe named Faerilyth became his

simply wasn't certain how. Just as he had arranged the assassi-

SS 4

ZA

NLA

A

DV

Meilge knew he could use her to further his ambitions; he

Chapcer Six: Scorycelling 155


LA

ys

SG

OSSE

>

NS

Uy
LY

°

SS

Y

OST,

nation of his predecessor, King Barabas, to clear his way to the
throne of Willows, so Faerilyth through marriage, alliance or
some other means could open doors otherwise closed to him.
To this end, he arranged for his young ward to visit the High
King's stronghold. At Tara-Nar, he knew she would meet
important people who could advance her standing (and there-
fore his) in the highest court of the land.
2 e 2

Before their exile from Arcadia, David and Morwen had
been lovers. Hoping to remain together in exile, they tried to
inhabit the bodies of children known to one another. By
accident (or someone else's design), when David and Morwen
took on mortal bodies, they incarnated as brother and sister
rather than unrelated neighbors. Still devoted to one another,
they could no longer have the same sort of relationship they
had formerly enjoyed in the Dreaming. Both David and
Morwen assumed they would continue to love one another;
they would modify that love to feelings appropriate to
siblings, however.

Both tried to do so. David was more successful than Morwen.
When Princess Lenore first became David's heir, Morwen needed
a week or so to adjust to someone else claiming his love and
attention. She soon accepted Lenore, though a few Kithain
suspected Lenore's being a little girl eliminated her as a true rival.
Despite the uneasiness generated by their truncated love, David
trusts Morwen implicitly, and she is totally loyal tohim. Whenever
David leaves Tara-Nar, he places Morwen in charge.

Sr)

235)

ey.

MWR Pa STOO

Then Faerilyth arrived. David was away, and Morwen was
in charge. Distrusted for her Eiluned blood and her association
with Meilge, the young sidhe was Morwen's opposite. Dark,
mysterious and sorcerous rather than light, open and honor-
able, Faerilyth found few supporters in David's court. Though
Morwen was not actively hostile, she reserved judgment, wait-
ing to see if Faerilyth would reveal a more sinister personality.
Because so many courtiers distrusted her, Faerilyth withdrew
into herself, becoming more secretive and less approachable.
Had she been more open concerning her unhappiness, Morwen
would have been kinder and compelled to draw her out. They
might have been friends. Instead, Faerilyth's aloofness worked
against her. Morwen became distrustful of Faerilyth's motives
— especially after David returned.

The High King was immediately attracted to the Southern
beauty. He sought out her company and discovered that what
others saw as cool poise was instead sadness and loneliness.
Hoping to make her feel more at home, he spent time in her
company, taking her to concerts and the theater, even just
sitting and talking in the garden. Faerilyth blossomed from
David's attention, and as Faerilyth's true nature emerged, she
and David fell in love.

Morwen went ballistic. Sharing David with a child was
one thing; losing him to an untrustworthy Eiluned fortune-
hunter was another. When she spoke to him concerning
Faerilyth's motives, David made it clear that he would hear no
ill words about Faerilyth. Realizing she would lose David if she


persisted, Morwen backed down and went underground. Call-
ing together a group of David's most loyal knights, she con-
vinced them to watch Faerilyth and make certain she presented
no danger to the king. These knights would later form the core
of the Morwenist faction.

e e e

In the Kingdom of Grass, a young noble of House Gwydion
was becoming known as the best knight in Concordia. Lleu
Ardwyad, a cousin to the High King, believed that he could
better serve his house and Concordia as one of David's knights.
He sought and received permission to travel to Tara-Nar to
dedicate his service to the High King. As soonas he arrived and
met the King, Lleu pledged himself to David. During the next
few weeks, Lleu proved beyond a doubt that his reputation was
not exaggerated. Winning every tournament, the Gwydion
knight was gracious to the losers and suitably humble concern-
ing his achievements. Courteous to ladies, friendly to the
court and honorable to a fault, Lleu quickly became one of
the High King's best friends and the most sought-after
knight at court.

Lleu was not interested in the other women of the court;
he had seen the lady he knew his heart would belong to forever
the first night he arrived. With her dark hair and violet eyes,
slender grace and quiet demeanor, Lady Faerilyth from the
Kingdom of Willows was his ideal woman. Whenever he had
the chance, he watched her secretly. Yet, before he could
proclaim himself to her, he discovered that her heart was
pledged to another.

eS e e

Against the advice of many of his nobles (whose protests
were spurred on by Morwen), David proposed to Faerilyth. She
refused him initially, saying that she was not popular with his
court. To marry her might cause difficulties for him. David
argued that losing her would cause him many more difficulties;
finally, she consented. He saw only one solution to her unpopu-
larity: let his courtiers get to know her better. Then they would
see her intelligence, grace and political astuteness. He declared
he would make her his equal, bestowing on her the rank of High
Queen. Numerous discussions later, Faerilyth realized that if
she did not accept the crown alongside him, David might very
well abdicate in favor of his heir. She agreed.

On Beltaine, David and Faerilyth were married. The
ceremony was followed by Faerilyth's crowning as High Queen
of Concordia. Morwen, her face a frozen mask of disbelief and
anguish, served as one of Faerilyth's bridesmaids. Lleu, his eyes
never leaving Faerilyth but his features composed, was one of
David's attendants. Meilge came from Atlanta to give away the
bride. Once the marriage was done and the crowning a reality,
David announced that he and the High Queen would be
making a GrandTour of the kingdom so that the people could
meet their new queen. Meilge immediately suggested that they
begin the tour in the Kingdom of Willows. He requested a
month or so to prepare for the royal visit.

Happier than he had been in years, David assented,
granting Meilge the honor of hosting their first stop along

the tour because the Eiluned noble had been Faerilyth's
guardian and mentor. As always, David asked Morwen to act
in his stead while he was absent. Lenore was sent to stay with
Queen Mab.

e e eS

Realizing that through fate he was about to achieve his
goal, Meilge rushed home to Atlanta and put his plan into
effect. He commissioned a cold iron cage and several cold iron
weapons from Duke Firedrake of Alabama. From his criminal
and assassin contacts, he solicited a supply of Dreambane, a
Glamour-enriched drug — and an equally important cache of
Dreamshield, Dreambane's antidote. The drug makes change-
lings susceptible to suggestions and suppresses their ability
to think rationally. Meilge's covert activities underway, he
arranged for a masquerade ball as part of the "planned"
festivities.

During the ball, Meilge tricked both Faerilyth and David
into consuming wine laced with the drug. Taking David aside,
he convinced the High King that his nobles had risen against
him over dissatisfaction with his marriage and the declaration
making Faerilyth High Queen. Convinced that he had been
deposed and that knights intending to kill him were on the way,
David allowed Meilge to send him to safety after being assured
that Faerilyth was already safe. Ashe truly believed he had been
deposed, David gave up the kingship, thus repudiating it, and
Caliburn left him to seek the next High King.

Strangely, Caliburn itself was somehow reacting to the
drug in David's system. Almost as soon as the sword departed,
it felt that David had not been in his right mind when he
abdicated. Intending to immediately return to David and
restore his sanity, if it could, Caliburn found that the essence
it identified as David was gone. Caliburn knew that the High
King could not have disappeared so quickly unless he had fallen
prey to Banality or disappeared into the Dreaming. To find
him, Caliburn would need an agent, someone pure of heart
who could carry the High King's sword but covet neither it
nor the King's power. The sword began its search. Within
minutes, Caliburn found a worthy bearer: a young eshu
named Seif.

e e e

Beaten unconscious with iron weapons and locked within
acold iron cage, David was taken from Willow's Heart. Placed
in the hands of Meilge's highly banal agents (two humans and
two Autumn People), David does not remember who he is,
much less his faerie nature. Under Meilge's instructions, David's
captors will move him around, never allowing him to encoun-
ter anything that might provide him with Glamour. As before,
when Meilge preferred not to dirty his own hands in killing
King Barabas, he hopes that Banality will finish David off. The
High King is no longer a young man. Though he has spent
enough time within freeholds that his aging has been retarded,
too much time in the mundane world could forever suppress his
faerie nature.

Meilge's plan is to claim the throne for Faerilyth. Since
David is missing, she will obviously turn to her mentor, and he

Chapzer Six: Scorycelling

Q

Te

NRPS OO ROTO

will help her by becoming her chief advisor and minister. He
plans to allow her to rule fora year or two, then take over when
she meets an unfortunate accident.

Others have different plans (see "War", below). Faerilyth
remains queen and continues the tour —as she believes David
would have wanted her to do. Lleu stays by Faerilyth's side,
becoming the Queen's Champion. Seif, bearer of Caliburn,
begins the epic quest to find the High King. And David?
Who knows where he may be? That's for other stories to
determine.

The quest is under way, and the tale is begun.

The Chronicle of Calidurn

Beginning with thisbook, an ongoingstoryline runs through
the successive kingdom books for Changeling: the Dreaming.
In brief, the story follows and embellishes upon the tale begun
in the fiction piece that opens this book. The disappearance of
David and Caliburn's choice of acommoneras its bearer are but
the introduction to an epic story. Future chapters will be
written in other kingdom books as the quest moves to other
parts of Concordia — and even into the Dreaming. Each
succeeding book in this series will add new details and new
twists to this story, introducing new characters and catching up
with old favorites as the needs of the tale demand. This isastory
of history in the making, with as much emphasis on what is to
come as on what has been.

While the storyline provides an ongoing adventure against
which stories in the various kingdoms can be played out, it is
not laid outasa predestined adventure. The framework is there;
it's up to individual Storytellers to decide what goes inside the
frame. Storytellers may utilize the background events to cus-
tomize tales for troupes interested in playing through the grand
quest or may ignore it altogether. Nevertheless, even if the
quest itself is ignored, the fact that these events are transpiring
in Concordia has an effect on and colors each place that the
characters visit and the Kithain that they meet. The land itself
is bound up with David's welfare; his absence has a profound
effect on his kingdom.

Obviously, there are more stories happening just within
the Kingdom of Willows than that of David's disappearance.
Many others will present themselves with each successive
kingdom book. Even troupes who are primarily concerned with
finding the High King and returning him to his throne will
occasionally need to devote themselves to other quests or to a
few days of much-needed rest. That's when the other people
and places detailed in the book come into play. Almost anyone
might be at a party the characters attend (such as Meilge's
masquerade ball, which half the kingdom attends). Such chance
meetings might lead to invitations to visit, discussions of
common interest (and resulting travel to a place where that
interest may be indulged), or even an attraction between a
Storyteller's character and a player's.

Letters from mutual friends asking for assistance or offer-
ing an unusual item for sale, news of strange happenings, even
kidnappings with clues leading to the area the Storyteller wants


explored can entice characters out of the main thrust of an
ongoing storyline. Naturally, characters may find there are
connections they never would have suspected. Even the
chance to make friends who support the same cause they do
should motivate characters to go places and meet people.
After all, on the eve of war, people need all the friends they
can get.

(ar

Did we say war? Well...yes.

High Kings can't just disappear without causing a few
political upheavals. The Accordance War was settled because
David was revealed as the High King and was willing to reach
an accord with the commoners. His ascension to the throne of
Concordia ended a costly and vicious war. With his disappear-
ance, those who were never truly satisfied with compromise
now have the excuse they needed to again assert dubious claims
and air old hatreds. Almost before the news of David's absence
reaches them, many of these changelings are planning cam-
paigns against old enemies. This time, there's no David to stop
the fighting.

Nobles may blame Meilge, Faerilyth, Eiluneds in general
or even assume commoners are to blame. Each theory evokes a
new round of accusation and plans for revenge. Every secret
society known to Seelie and Unseelie moves into high gear,
hoping to come out on top — or at least ahead.

Nor are the commoners any more rational. Caliburn chose
an eshu as its bearer, rather than a sidhe. Many commoners see
this as justification for a push to unseat the nobles. Several
commoner groups who have their own agendas jump at the
chance to advance their own aims. Commoner/noble distrust
and hatred rise to the highest levels they've been since the end
of the Accordance War. Tempers on both sides fray as the
stability of the land is undermined by David's absence.

Those who might put a stop to the conflict are caught up
in it themselves. Caliburn wants David back. Until the High
King is restored, the sword refuses to choose another king.
Realizing David acted while not in his right mind, Caliburn
does not accept his abdication. Until a sane David gives up the
throne voluntarily, the sword still considers him king. Other
nobles may want Caliburn to choose a new ruler; the blade will
not.

Faerilyth insists upon her right to the throne, though she
too hopes David will return. Rather than return to Tara-Nar,
the High Queen believes it is important for her to make
connections with the nobles and commoners throughout
Concordia. Though she never wanted the crown, David gave
it to Faerilyth upon their marriage. She will not now shirk the
responsibility he placed on her shoulders.

Many nobles and commoners support Faerilyth, won over
by her charm and their belief in her innocence...
and because it furthers their own aims. These Kithain have
formed a political faction, the Royalists, to advance the cause
of the queen. They will undoubtedly clash violently with other
factions who hold different views.

Morwen denies that Faerilyth may claim any right to the
throne. Morwen thinks that Meilge and Faerilyth were work-
ing together to overthrow the King and that Faerilyth was sent
to seduce and betray David and lead him intoa trap. She asserts
that David left the throne in her hands, and that she will not
surrender it to anyone but her brother. Should he not return,
she will consider crowning Lenore High Queen and herself
assume the title of Regent. The knights Morwen recruited to
oppose the marriage have formed the core membership of anew
political faction known as the Morwenists.

Even within their ranks, however, there are differences of
opinion. Some Morwenists agree with Morwen herself and
support the idea of crowning Lenore; others think Morwen
herself ought to simply declare herself High Queen. After all,
as David's sister, she should hold equal rank.

Still others see this as a chance to throw off the shackles of
a High King and assert regional supremacy. Others want no
kings at all and believe a return to the days before the Resur-
gence is in order. With so many factions at odds, it would be
strange if war didn't threaten Concordia. All it would take is
the right spark.

To some extent, the upheaval in the land reflects the
confusion that David is experiencing. The Dreaming itself
enforces the link between the king and the land, and until
David is restored to his right mind, it is unlikely that
peaceful solutions will hold for long. Unless David returns
or Caliburn accepts another as the rightful King — or Queen
—Concordia will certainly become the Discordia that many
Unseelie long to see, and war will once again tear the
Kithain asunder.

Clemencs of che Scory

This is a knight's quest. The deposition of David and
Meilge's plots against him are merely a background to the
beginning of the real tale: the quest of a commoner (appar-
ently) seeking knighthood. He is really seeking his own honor
and the restoration of the rightful King to Concordia; this is, in
a way, a coming-of-age story — of the commoner knight
(Everyman) and of the Kingdom of Concordia itself, which has
gone through a stormy adolescence by means of the Accor-
dance War. Concordia has only now just begun to experience
itself asa mature land. There are still issues to be grappled with,
and the land must grow along with its changelings. So must
David, who was barely out of boyhood when he took the crown.
This event is his first real test. Will he survive it and recover
Caliburn? Does it really matter if he does, so long as the land
is not long without a rightful king or queen? Does the ruler
make the sword or the sword make the monarch?

One of the main themes explored within the story is
that of people's true faces, as opposed to the masks they
wear. The true worth of Seif, the eshu storyteller, is masked
by the fact that he is not noble. Even though David's cousin
Lleu is an honorable person, he lets his own concern with
appearances interfere with his duty because he is angry that
Caliburn entrusted itself to a commoner rather than him.

Chapcer Six: Scorycelling 159

A

SES

Tr =

Meilge appears honorable on the surface and indeed be-
lieves that he is doing what is best for Concordia. To some
extent, there is a loyalty to the office rather than to the
person who holds that office (but only if Meilge holds the
office). David is forced into a mask: By taking away David's
Glamour and hiding him among the mundane, Meilge has
stripped David of his faerie self and clapped such a heavy
mask (banal mortality) on the king that he may never
discover his true identity again.

Even Faerilyth is masked. Everyone makes assumptions
about her guilt, not looking beyond the surface of her Eiluned
house. Even those who believe her innocent, however, fail to
penetrate the masks they force upon her: Lleu sees her as the
unattainable ideal; ambitious Kithain cast her in the role of
High Queen regardless of the cost; Morwen sees her asa seducer
and betrayer; Meilge sees Faerilyth as his means to ascend to the
throne of Concordia. Few see her for what she truly is — a
grieving young wife who tries to hold her husband's kingdom

S

LR

<A

(KX

EZ

XX

b2

I

together in his absence.

What masks will the characters take on as the story
advances? Will they assume several different ones according to
circumstance and need, or will they be content to assume one
role and play it to the end? Do they even know who they truly
are and what they really want?

Ocher Scory Ideas
For Kingdom of Willows

The Chronicle of Caliburn and the search for the High
King constitute major events taking place (at least in the
beginning) within the Kingdom of Willows, but these are not
the only stories worth mentioning. King Meilge's realm con-
tains many other occasions for involving changeling characters
ina variety of stories and explorations of the imagination. The
following suggestions are meant to inspire Storytellers to look
beyond the "headlines" to find the undercurrents that make the
Kingdom of Willows a fertile proving ground for stories of all

kinds.

EZ

TY

S)

Decay in che Souch

Dreams stagnate and turn rotten unless they acquire
new meaning as times change. Although he maintains a
passionate interest in the modern world and its technologi-
cal and commercial achievements, King Meilge has allowed
other aspects of his kingdom to degenerate. His land suffers
under the weight of his personal ambitions and his anti-
quated ideas of social superiority. Not a few of his courtiers
and nobles follow his lead. In many parts of the Kingdom of
Willows, leadership and power go to the established aristoc-
racy rather than to meritorious young changelings with new
dreams. A group of Kithain might seek to overthrow the old,
decadent rulership. In the process of revitalizing the Dream-
ing, they encounter opposition from more conservative
changelings who fear loss of power or who cannot under-
stand the need to respond to change.


Counzey Scory

Much of the Kingdom of Willows consists of rural commu-
nities far from the mainstream of modern life. Many other
communities only seem to be cities; they are really small towns
in which everyone knows everyone and one person's business
becomes neighborhood news. It is difficult to get lost in acrowd
where there are no crowds to speak of. Changelings in such
insular communities find it difficult to disguise their true
natures from families and friends. Against a backdrop of barn
dances, CB jamborees, harvest festivals and folk celebrations,
Storytellers may build mini-chronicles revolving around the
struggle to maintain a successful double life where secrets are a
rare commodity. On the other hand, mortals in agricultural and
rural communities often have a stronger belief in the supernatural
and in folk tales. Being achangeling where folk actually leave milk
out for the Fair Folk might not be as tough as it seems.

Bacclefield Dreams

The Civil War and the Accordance War have both left their
marks on the South. During the War Between the States, change-
lings often found themselves opposed to oathmates or kithmates.
Reborn faerie spirits may remember facing each other across the
battlefield. Family feuds date from the Civil War, extending across
generations. The Accordance War also cut across Seelie/Unseelie
and commoner/noble lines in the Kingdom of Willows. Many of
the Accordance War veterans are still alive and still remember
who supported them and who opposed them.

A group of changelings may find themselves caught between
two powerful graybeards who see them as pawns in a battle that
rages long after the war has ended. Strange alliances may result
from these machinations as the characters attempt to bring
opposing sides to the bargaining table at last or else join whole-
heartedly in the prolonged struggle.

Regional Scories

Each duchy in the Kingdom of Willows has its own special
flavor and its own set of conflicts — and thus, potential stories.

Willows Hearc

Not all of Meilge's courtiers are sycophants who blindly
support his policies and ambitions. His critics include the
baron and baroness of Vellumton and Savannah's Count
Morrig. Characters allied with these nobles may undertake an
investigation of Meilge's court in order to uncover evidence of
wrongdoing that might lead to unseating the King of Willows.
Such a story would involve subtlety and finesse in order to
successfully unmask the extent of Meilge's inner corruption.

The Duchy of Coccon

The rivalry between Duke Firedrake and the self-titled
"Duchess" Igrania has achieved the status of legend. Characters
owing fealty to either the duke or Igrania may become caught
up in the love/hate courtly games of these notorious Kithain.
Allegiances may shift as the characters hear both sides of the
story from its two principals. A story involving this lovers' war

So
TS ZX)
ae

a

contains within it aspects of Shakespearean comedy, in which
misplaced letters, elegantly bad timing and gross misrepresen-
tation or misunderstandings take all participants (and even
some innocent bystanders) on a wild ride along the slippery
border between comedy and tragedy.

The Duchy of the Delta Crescent

Rumors abound about the strange practices of some of
New Orleans' (and greater Louisiana's) Kithain; most of
these rumors center on its exotic and enigmatic duchess.
Characters may decide to explore for themselves the truth
behind these rumors. Along the way, they may encounter
individuals who seek to prevent them from learning certain
secrets about Duchess Lisette, as well as some good-hearted
Kithain who wholeheartedly support the Duchess of the
Delta Crescent.

SS
"Ss

The Duchy of Palmecco

Changelings who have fallen afoul of King Meilge (or any
other noble in the Kingdom of Willows for that matter) may
attempt to seek refuge in the Gullah Free Lands. In order to find
sanctuary, they must first gain the approval of the freehold's
leaders — either by agreeing to a test or by performing some
important service for the local changelings. Even if the charac-
ters succeed in finding acceptance, what happens when their
enemies invade the independent faerie realm and demand the
characters' surrender? Will the harried changelings go quietly
and preserve the freedom of their newfound home, or will they
ignite a conflict that may lead to the conquest of an unconquer-
able people?

The Duchy of the Triangle

The socially inept Duke Murdoch desires to improve his
courtly manners in order to further his romantic interest in one
of his subjects. He requests lessons in courtly arts from the
characters. While this seems to be a lighthearted romp on the
surface, the characters may, in fact, discover that Duke
Murdoch's freehold contains numerous strange and potentially
disruptive chimerical creations that could cause unforeseen
complications in an otherwise straightforward story. The duke's
fascination with technology may also force characters to con-
sider redefining their notions of what constitutes Banality. Can
a stock car inspire Glamour?

The Duchy of Appalachia

The duchess of the realm unexpectedly disappears, and the
characters join her sworn protector in a desperate search for
her. Has Duchess Dianan fallen afoul of her hostile mortal
family? If so, the characters may need to brave the combined
forces of the Dauntain and their unknowing supporters, the
Autumn People in order to rescue the duchess. Or has Dianan
encountered something even more dangerous to her faerie
nature in the sinister Dreaming that surrounds Oak Ridge,
Tennessee? This story could involve changelings in some
extremely dangerous situations, threatening the loss of both
their mortal and faerie existence.

Chapcer Six: Scorycelling


BG
SH)

RA,

1K

ry,

Oj
2S)

IOSIES

RPT OO OT

The Duchy of Blue Grasses

A faerie steed belonging to Duke Araby is missing. The
duke fears it has been stolen and asks the characters to find it,
promising them fine faerie horses of their own if they succeed.
He suspects several of his rivals in the Kithain horse-racing
circuit, but knows that it would be impolitic to accuse them
outright of horse theft. If the characters look too closely into
the affairs of the duke, hoping to find leads as to who has taken
the faerie mount, they may uncover more than they bargained
for.

The Duchy of Graceland

The characters hear rumors of a growing secessionist
movement that has its origin somewhere in the Duchy of
Graceland. Depending on their feelings about the politics of
Kithain society in Concordia, the changeling characters
may travel to the duchy in order to verify the rumor and
warn the Parliament of Dreams or to join the incipient rebel
movement.

The Duchy of che Ozarks

King Meilge has exiled one ducal ruler of the Duchy of the
Ozarks. He suspects, however, that the ex-duke has not, in fact,
left the Kingdom of Willows. The characters receive a formal
request to travel to the duchy, search for the former duke and,
if they find him, deliver him to Meilge for just punishment.
Once they arrive on the outer edge of the Kingdom of Willows
and interact with the local changelings, the characters may
begin to question their mission. Will this be the beginning of
a change in loyalty for characters who have supported Meilge
until this point? Will this, instead, provide characters who
secretly oppose the King of Willows with an opportunity to
make new allies?

The Duchy of Dogwood

The conflict between the old guard and the new genera-
tion of changelings has reached an impasse in the Duchy of
Dogwood. The characters receive an invitation from Count
Rual to participate in a weekend of fox hunting in the
Dreaming. Over the course of their stay, the characters hear
at length of the count's unhappiness with the policies and
ineptness of the current Duke Cormac. During one of the fox
hunts, the characters find they are pursuing a particularly
elusive fox; their quarry, actually a pooka ally of Duke
Cormac, leads them onto the duke's estate, where the
characters can make their own assessment of the Duchy of
Dogwood's ruler. They may either agree with Count Rual's
assessment of Cormac's unfitness to rule, or they may see
potential in the wilder duke and offer their assistance to
him. Either way, the characters must take sides in what may
prove to be an extended and messy political struggle.

The Shadow Duchy

Changeling characters visiting Washington, D.C., may
encounter an eccentric politician conducting a very unortho-


ra

dox campaign, using slogans such as "Glamour for the Masses"
and "Equal Rights for Dreamers." Is the enthusiastic would-be
statesman involved in some practical joke that threatens the
secret of Kithain existence? Or is he part of something more
sinister, such as the rumored presence of the Shadow Court in
the halls of mortal power?

Duchy of Wincerchorn

A group of West Virginia's changelings appeal to the
characters for assistance in bringing their duke back from the
depths of Bedlam. Can the characters succeed in rescuing Duke
Gwyhyr from his own insanity and save the duchy's existence
in the process? Or will they, instead, become trapped in the
duke's strange madness?

The Duchy of Chesapeake

Duchess Elena-Anastasia's life comes under threat from a
surprising and disturbing source. The characters may get wind
of the plot to assassinate her through any number of methods,
either through chance or through their own efforts. Once they
do so, however, they need to decide how to go about protecting
the duchess (assuming they aren't in on the plot themselves).
Once they discover the assassin's identity, they must decide
if the individual — a mere child — is worth saving. Their
choices may haunt them for the rest of their faerie (and
mortal) lives.

Nannehi Scories

Many opportunities exist for changeling characters to
interact with the Nunnehi who inhabit the Kingdom of
Willows. Characters may need to defend Willow's Heart or
one of Meilge's lesser freeholds from a Nunnehi raid. If the
attack should result in the characters' capture, they may
discover the reasons why the local Nunnehi detest the King
of Willows. Such a story might result in the ransom of the
characters by friends and allies (for appropriate amounts of
Glamour or some other form of restitution). If the characters
find themselves agreeing with their captors' grievances
against Meilge, they may wind up being adopted into the
local Nunnehi family.

Alternatively, Nunnehi characters from any part of the
Kingdom of Willows may decide to learn more about Kithain
politics and society by acting as ambassadors to one of the
duchies. This type of story provides the Storyteller with the
chance to present the Kingdom of Willows from a com-
pletely different point of view.

The Changeling Players Guide provides complete rules
for the creation of Nunnehi characters.

Crossover Scories

The Kingdom of Willows contains the potential for cross-
over stories featuring characters from other lines of the Story-
teller system. In general, the southern portion of the United
States has fewer supernatural creatures than many other re-

| gions of the country. For this reason, changelings may need
| to seek allies with the Gallain, the Prodigals and other

SS

&

supernaturals who share similar goals. In some cases,
supernaturals froma particular area have more incommon with
each other than with their kin from other regions. Thus, asidhe
from the Duchy of the Ozarks may feel closer to a local Bone
Gnawer (or even a Gangrel vampire) than she does to a noble
of her house from the Duchy of Apples (the American North-
east).

While differences may place Southern supernatural crea-
tures on different sides in internal conflicts, the same erstwhile
enemies may ally with one another against a threat from
outside. Once that danger has been taken care of, however, it's
back to business (or war) as usual.

The following possibilities for multi-system games are
intended as suggestions. Storytellers and their players can
undoubtedly expand on the ideas presented here.

© Changelings and Vampires — Meilge's criminal con-
tacts have connections with both Giovanni and Setite vam-
pires in Atlanta and throughout the Southeast. A group of
Southern changelings may ally temporarily with local Ventrue
or Brujah Kindred in an attempt to break up this unholy crime
conglomerate.

Malkavian vampires, by virtue of their slender hold on
reality, often fit right in with changelings' dreams. Some say
that the Malkavian clan has an ancient compact with the fae,
and it is this that makes the two supernatural groups allies. A
Malkavian may befriend a group of pooka or sluagh, thus
helping create all kinds of wonderful chaos for the supernatural
— and mortal — community in which they reside.

© Changelings and Werewolves — The dedication of the
Garou to the preservation of the land's natural places has much
in common with changeling's concerns about preventing Ba-
nality from overwhelming the world with stagnation and cold
technology. An alliance between changelings and a local
werewolf pack might prevent an important piece of wilderness
from falling into the hands of unscrupulous land developers.

Love of folklore and folk music might bring together
Fianna Garou and their ancient allies, the sidhe of House
Fiona, or might unite Uktena werewolves with local Nunnehi.
The resulting alliances might save vital cultural landmarks or
ancestral lands in the South from the clutches of scientists and
catalogers.

© Changelings and Wraiths — Although most change-
lings have little to do with the Shadowlands, a few dare explore
the darker side of the Dreaming. A mixed troupe of wraiths and
their changeling Fetters might become involved in plots and
schemes thatalternate between the mortal world (or Skinlands)
and the Shadowlands that exist on the fringe of the Dreaming.

Samhain, one of the major holidays of the Kithain calen-
dar, commemorates changelings whose faerie souls have passed
from the Dreaming into the lands of the dead. On this night,
the barriers between the worlds grow paper thin, and it is
possible for changelings and wraiths to communicate ancient
secrets and visions of the future. Truly eerie tales can come from.
these encounters between the Restless Dead and the Children
of the Dreaming.

Chapcer Six: Storytelling 163

Pas

Ty
Zz

+

WY

(

Y)


© Changelings and Mages — The Verbena have long had
congress with the Fair Folk. A group of changelings in the
Duchy of Appalachia may encounter a coven of backwoods
witches. The presence of a party of witch-hunters may require
cooperation between the two groups to ensure their mutual
survival.

Even Technocracy Mages can find some possible areas of
peaceful contact with changelings. A group of Void Engineers
associated with the NASA Langley Research Center in Hamp-
ton, Virginia, might mistake local changelings for an "alien
species," resulting in an unlikely alliance based on a misunder-
standing that is, nonetheless, truer than it seems.

How co Tell a Souchern Scory

The following section provides suggestions for infusing
stories based in the Kingdom of Willows with local color and
flavor, emphasizing the history, culture and traditions of the
American South.

The Scorycelling Tradicion in che Souch

The Southeastern United States has a long tradition of
storytelling. This storehouse of the imagination began with the
legends and myths of the Native American tribes who relied on
the oral transmission of information and lore. The English,
Scot-Irish and Welsh settlers in the South brought with them
folktales from their own lands. Later, black slaves passed down
stories remembered from Africa in an attempt to keep alive
their heritage despite their captivity.

Modern Southern Storytellers keep the tradition alive and
vibrant through their interpretations of mountain "Jack" tales,
Gullah stories, Cajun "Ti-Jean" tales and the ubiquitous ghost
stories.

Storytellers planning on running chronicles that will
capture the unique feel of the Kingdom of Willows can benefit
from reading examples of all types of Southern stories — or,
better yet, by listening to recorded versions of folk tales or
attending storytelling festivals to experience live storytelling
first hand. The magic of a tale is in the telling, and Storytellers
can incorporate many techniques of yarnspinning in their
changeling chronicles and stories.

Escabdlishing CDood

Storytellers can use many tricks to create a mood appropri-
ate for their Southern-based stories. Scenic descriptions that
incorporate peculiarities of the local landscape can create
visual images in the minds of players that help them to imagine
the world in which their characters move and act. Conjuring
up the immense pine cathedrals of the virgin forests of Appa-

Kingdom of Willows

NRPS

lachia; the stark, wild beaches of North Carolina's Outer
Banks; or the easy flow of the muddy Mississippi River as it rolls
relentlessly into the Gulf of Mexico is merely a matter of using
the right words. (Pictures also work wonders in creating the
setting for certain scenes.)

Manyscenes take place in eating establishments. Regional
recipe books can help Storytellers bring local cuisine to the
forefront, thus establishing that the characters are, in fact,
eating Creole cooking or sampling seafood in Maryland.

Those Funky Souchern Accenzs

In a word, don't. Although imitating the Georgia drawl,
the Appalachian mountain twang or the clipped Tidewater
vowels might seem like a good way to emphasize a story's
"Southernness," most attempts at reproducing accents fail
miserably. Furthermore, accents are only noticeable to those
who don't have them. When all changelings come from one
region, none of them seem to speak with an accent. The best
way to reproduce Southern speech is through attention to
speech patterns and vocabulary. If you are from the South, you
know this already. If you aren't, go to the movies (see the
filmography in the Introduction); while a few actors have bad
accents, many of them — such as Jodie Foster in Silence of the
Lambs — accurately capture the sound of Southern speech.

Avoiding Stereotypes

Too often, Southerners fall victim to stereotyping, finding
themselves shoved into pigeonholes labeled rednecks, hillbil-
lies, Southern belles, good ole' boys and other more-or-less
unsavory categories. This is not as bad as it seems, because all
stereotypes contain a modicum of reality. Storytellers should
feel free to use stereotypes liberally throughout their Southern
chronicles so long as they add a new dimension to the stereo-
type.

Let the players encounter a dyed-in-the-wool redneck
who happens to be a gourmet chef and who can lovingly discuss
the best way to make a Hollandaise sauce even as he is
customizing his monster truck for the next rally. Create a
Southern politician who opposes gun control and supports
prayer in schools but advocates equal rights for women and
funding for the arts. Introduce into your story a mountain
woman who holds a degree in nuclear physics or who regularly
hacks into the local phone system through her satellite-linked
laptop. Present your changelings with a Cherokee "profes-
sional" chief who sees his job catering to the tourists as a way
to teach outsiders about his culture as well as a means of making
a living. The possibilities for destroying the Southern stereo-
types while reinforcing the Southern image are as varied as the
stereotypes themselves.


&
Timeline Si
1975 Meilge is elected King of Willows.
1992 Faerilyth becomes Meilge's ward.
1997 Meilge discovers Dreambane.
January 1998 Faerilyth visits Tara-Nar;
David and Faerilyth meet and fall in love.
February 1998 Morwen recruits nobles to watch
Faerilyth.
May 2, 1998 Faerilyth.and David's Beltaine marriage.
May 3, 1998 David proclaims Faerilyth High Queen;
Faerilyth is crowned.
May 4, 1998 Grand Tour of the kingdom is planned.
May 5, 1998 Meilge commissions cold iron cage and
weapons.
June 6, 1998 Masquerade ball welcoming King and
Queen is held; David is kidnapped; Seif
receives Caliburn.
June 7, 1998 The Quest Begins.



>

Thoughc-CraFcers

Common to most of the Algonquin people, these 23 SS Today, thought-crafters support many of the restitu-
native faeries are thought to be the children born of ff tion movements among the remnants of the Algonquin
tales about the mythical hero Manabus, credited (a tribes from Maine to Virginia. In the tradition of the
with bestowing upon humans the secret of fire and 4 Powhatans, whofirst sought peace between their people
otherskills necessary to theirsurvival. Like Manabus, /) F\ and the pale-skinned settlers from across the sea, the
thought-crafters delight in making things and creat- / anys thought-crafters seek to forge new relations between
ing something new. They see the process of inven- 4) \\ themselves and the sons and daughters of those who
tion as a way of bringing the Middle World (the ff | MER AYE displaced their ancestors. This time, however, they
physical realm) into harmony with the Upper | \ will not settle for the short end of the bargain.
Realm of the spirits. \ Appearance: Thought-crafters resemble ide-

Most of the human tribes who revered alized versions of the various Algonquin tribes who
the thought-crafters have dwindled I serve as their Dreamers and whose human forms
to a few remnants along the At- S VA { \ host their faerie natures. Both males and fe-
lantic coast. In the Southeast, males wear their dark hair long and sometimes
these native faeries tend tocon- style it elaborately. Though they usually favor
gregate along the Chesapeake \ 1} traditional dress from their host tribe, many
and in the Tidewater region of y iN thought-crafters adopt modern dress when they

OV RR RA RR

Vv

Virginia. These persistent leave their faerie holdings and interact with
Nunnehi continue to keep alive NN the mortal world.
the hope that one day their dreams will reopen 4} Lifestyles: The thought-crafters tend to
the gates to the Higher Hunting Grounds and live in secluded wilderness encampments as
reawaken the hopes of their mortal Dreamers. near to the original tribal lands of their
To thisend, thought-crafters all dedicate them Yi) human tribes as possible. Some prefer to
selves to finding new ways to bridge the gap f dwell in cities along the Chesapeake and in
between the mortal world and the Dreaming. Mi Tidewater Virginia, near the remnants of
They do this through perfecting some kind of H their mortal kin, making periodic visits to
handicraft and by creating stories and poems wild places to refresh their supply of Medi-
meant to inspire creativity in those who hear | i \f cine (Glamour).
them. Nt © Younglings demonstrate an incorri-
In addition to their inventiveness and WAM GY " gible curiosity and a fearless nature. Their
artisanship, thought-crafters have also inher- ¥ } large, dark eyes sparkle with barely con-
ited the trickster streak attributed to Manabus, tained impishness. Fond of games and
often identified with the Great Hare or Trickster ¥ ~ pranks, most younglings also enjoy making
Spirit. Youngling thought-crafters display aprank- YY things (although their initial attempts at
ishness that lasts well into their transition to braves, \¥ inventions often have unusual and surprising
while elders often use puzzles and tricks as teaching \} results).
aids. Nf © Braves frequently decorate their bodies with
ceremonial tattoos and body paint to signify important
changes in their lives. Handsome, like their mortal kin,
they take great pride in their appearance. Thought-
crafter braves attend powwows and craft fairs through-
out the country, demonstrating their creative talents
Wi and serving as emissaries to other Nunnehi tribes.
" Elders tend to spend most of their time close to
(EA home, gathering Medicine and focusing their energies on
attempts to reopen the doors to the Higher Hunting
f\ Grounds. They dress more conservatively than braves or
younglings; though they age more slowly than mortals,
heir faces begin to show the weight of years and mortality.
Affinity: Prop

KN
4

n

Thought-crafter encampments lie concealed
within the boundaries of national parks, forests and ¥
other areas designated as wilderness preserves. Here
they maintain their old customs and work to repair the
broken ties that once connected the Middle World
with the Higher Hunting Grounds. In some areas,
thought-crafters maintain showcase villages in the mor-
tal world — historic reconstructions that double not y :
only as freeholds but as living-history museums.
Here mortals can experience life as it was
before the arrival of European colonists.
Those Nunnehi who act as caretakers-in-
residence in these villages see themselves
as ambassadors from the Dreaming.

168 Kingdom of Willows

Bi Ro SES IRG LAGE:

are


MR

AX

f

Tas
REN

Ss
Ss

SS

Ea
Daw

av:

The fairies break their dances
And leave the printed lawn.

— A. E. Housman, Last Poems

The following pages contain a grab bag of information regarding the
Kithain of the Kingdom of Willows. Along with a new kith for Nunnehi
from the southern Algonquin nations, this section includes a description
of Caliburn, the legendary sword of the High King of Concordia, as well
as select treasures indigenous to the Kingdom of Willows; and rules for
creating faerie steeds and faerie hounds.


A)

Birchrighcs:

¢Nimble Fingers, Clever Minds — Thought-crafters
gain one extra dot in Dexterity and Wits, even if it raises
those Attributes to 6. In addition, when involved in physi-
cally manipulating objects or solving puzzles or riddles, they
may lower their difficulty for such rolls by one. This bonus
to Wits affect both the character's mortal seeming and fae
mien, while Dexterity only affects the character's fae mien
and cannot be used in the presence of mortals.

© Inspiration — Their dedication to healing the rift
between the Middle World and the Higher Hunting Grounds
makes it possible for thought-crafters to restore Medicine to
those who have lost it. Successful attempts to harvest
Medicine(see Changeling Players Guide) gain the thought-
crafter one additional point. They can also bestow this
ability on other Nunnehi who accompany them in their
quest for Medicine. Being in the presence of a thought-
crafter for a day and a night enables Ravaged mortals and
hopelessly banal changelings to regain some of their stolen
creativity (changelings gain a point of Glamour, while
mortals regain their creative spark). Whether a changeling
who has become Undone can be restored in this manner is

the Storyteller's discretion.
= Ouclook \e

¢May-may-gway-shi — How long will they survive
when their beloved rivers and seas fall prey to the wastes of
thoughtless mortals? It is our duty to hasten the return of
the way to the Higher Hunting Grounds so that we can
once again cleanse the world. The rock fishers' survival
depends on it.

¢ Nanehi — Our Southern cousins understand the
importance of preserving traditions, but they are too afraid
to make new traditions. If they could look forward instead
of backward, they would be worthy of their high opinions
of themselves.

© Yunwi amai'hine'hi — The water people, like the
rock fishers, suffer from the carelessness of mortals, yet they
don't spend much time bemoaning their fate. They share
with us the spirit of the trickster. This gives us much in
common.

¢ Yunwi tsundsi — Like us, these little people enjoy
making things of beauty and usefulness. If they would show
themselves more often, we might become fast friends.

¢ Non-Nunnehi Kithain — With the exception of
the eshu, who did not come to this land with dreams of
conquest, we deal most carefully with the changelings who
have invaded our ancestral lands. Some are worthy of trust,
but others do not understand that they are usurpers. We
actively seek alliances with the eshu; they, too, respect
tradition and know the value that stories have in preserving
our connection with the Dreaming.

ALATA ANAC ARCA

Frailcies

Call of the New — Thought-crafters find it almost
impossible to resist the lure of new experiences. Whenever one
of these Nunnehi faces something she has never done before,
she must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) in order to resist
attempting it. Obviously suicidal actions such as leaping off
cliff faces or jumping into a vat of toxic waste do not require
rolls to resist; they aren't crazy, just curious.

Quote: See this? Not only isit finely made, butithas afew
improvements to it that I dreamed about just last night. I can't
wait to try it out...

Nunnehi Tocem Spirics

Their ability to enter the Umbra, or spirit world, gives
Nunnehi the ability to acquire the patronage and assistance
of totem spirits, usually those associated with plants, rocks
or the elements. The Changeling Players Guide provides
rules for acquiring totems and examples of totem spirits;
Rage Across Appalachia and Axis Mundi: The Book of
Spirits offer additional examples of totems for Nunnehi
characters. Two additional totem spirits, especially appro-
priate for Nunnehi in the Kingdom of Willows, are de-
scribed below.

QDagnotia

Background Cost: 2

While her beautiful, aromatic blossoms are fragile,
Magnolia's leaves retain their dark green color year-round.
Though mostly found in China, a few varieties of Magnolia
thrive in the American Southeast, usually near sources of
abundant moisture. Her essence makes an intoxicating per-
fume, while her broad leaves serve as a welcome source of
shade. Magnolia is somewhat justifiably vain, but she re-
mains secure in her knowledge that beauty is its own reason
for being.

Traits: Magnolia grants her Nunnehi children an addi-
tional point of Appearance and Seduction 1.

Taboo: Magnolia forbids her children to pick her delicate
blossoms; she requires them to plant a tree in her honor once
every year.

Uiitlow

Background Cost: 3

Willow loves water and prospers best near river banks and
in moist regions. In the South, willows serve as sources of both
shade and adornment. Willow bark tea is a potent herbal
curative, while his wood and branches can be used to make
beautiful and useful objects, such as baskets and woven jewelry.
The ability of Willow to withstand strong winds has achieved
the status of folk legend. At once strong and pliant, Willow
embodies inner strength and adaptability.

Traits: Willow gives his Nunnehi followers an extra point
of Stamina and Crafts 1.

Taboo: Children of Willow must seek to protect willow
trees from wanton destruction.

Appendix

&

aM

D>\>
LACS

ALA

>>

ALS
aX

ws
LL

:
SY

‘Treasures

The faerie treasures listed below are indicative of the sorts
to be found in the Kingdom of Willows. While other more
powerful treasures exist, these have a distinctive regional feel.
One other treasure has been included since it is important to
the ongoing story: Caliburn, the High King's sword. While no
‘one (even David) knows all the powers the sword possesses, a
few are well-known and others a matter of rumor. The sword's
established powers are revealed here, though notall of these are
known to anyone other than David.

Calidurn

Known as the "sword of light," Caliburn is an extremely
powerful treasure. There is even some argument that Caliburn
is not, in fact, a treasure, but a unique item that defies expec-
tations and explanations. The usual rules governing treasures
are held in abeyance so far as Caliburn is concerned.

Brought to the mortal realm in 1969 by Lord Dafyll of
House Gwydion, Caliburn was used by that noble in the
Accordance War.

Caliburn is a longsword (almost the size of a two-handed
blade) that comes to an exceedingly sharp point. The blade
itself appears silver, but shot through with wavery streaks of
gold. The guard forms a stylized moon and star, and is set with
an enormous diamond that flashes rainbow prisms when it
moves. Wrapped in gray leather bound with silver wire, the hilt
is slender and elongated and capped with another diamond.
The sword's sheath is of simple black leather, though some folks
claim they can make out the word "Caliburn" worked into the
leather's patterning. To mortal eyes, the blade appears as an old
sword, too pitted and rusty to be interesting.

Personality:

Caliburn is a peacemaker. Though it will fight for its
wielder, it does so to put an end to conflict. Irrevocably tied to
both the Dreaming and the land, it seeks stability under a
compassionate and fair ruler.

Known Powers:

* Caliburn recognizes the true King (or Queen) and may
only be fully utilized by that person.

* At the desire of its wielder, the sword may inflict either
chimerical or real damage — even though it is a treasure rather
than a chimerical creation.

¢ The sword glows with a brilliant golden light when used
in a just battle by a worthy wielder.

¢ Insuch a battle, the legendary blade gives its wielder the
equivalent of Melee 3 unless the person already exceeds that
ability (in which case it offers one more dot in the skill).

These abilities are available to anyone whom the sword
allows to wield it.

While many Kithain believe that Caliburn is sentient, few
know how — or if — the sword communicates.

Powers Known to David:

© Caliburn communicates only with those people it chooses.
It uses some form of telepathy to do so, rather than speech. The

Kingdom of Willows

KH WR z ge = VR =

&

blade can make its wielder aware of, options he might not have
considered or been aware of and may offer counsel or sugges-
tions if asked for them.

* The "sword of light" can enforce up to three levels of the
Art of Sovereign. The blade can utilize Protocol, Dictum and
Grandeur on behalf of its chosen, though if that person misuses
the power, Caliburn cancels the effect immediately.

© The sword enchants any mortals it touches. Such en-
chantments last for up to a month unless deliberately broken.

* Caliburn can protect itself. It is capable of using Wayfare
Flicker Flash to remove itself from dangerous situa-
tions. Since it cannot take its wielder along, it rarely does so
when in someone's possession. Should someone that the sword
disapproves of lay hands on it, however, it may opt to utilize this
power. The blade needs nothing besides itself to perform this
maneuver.

Other powers unknown to David:

© Not only can the sword remove itself from danger, it is
capable of hiding itself. The blade usually uses Chicanery ¢ ¢:
Veiled Eyes for this. If that Art fails, however, it may induce
Chicanery ¢ © ©: Fugue in its viewer, making him forget that he
ever saw the sword.

* Caliburn's sheath bestows the powers of Primal ¢¢e:
Oakenshield (usable for the duration of one battle) and Primal
eee: Heather Balm (only usable on its wearer once per day)
upon its chosen wielder, so long as the sheath is worn.

The sword may have other powers it has not yet revealed.

UWhice Lighcning

This potent home brew (the making of which is a
favorite pastime of boggans and nockers) engenders in the
drinker a point of temporary Glamour. The Glamour must
be used before the drink runs through the imbiber's system
(within about two hours) or it is lost. Taking more than one
cupful of White Lightning (in an attempt to get drunk or to
gain more Glamour) reverses the Glamour gain and instead
forces the imbiber to act as if under the effect of Chicanery
¢: Fuddle for the same amount of time. Three cupfuls
induces unconsciousness in most changelings. When used
on someone, perhaps to make her more receptive to sugges-
tions or to render her unconscious, the effects last half as
long and the person receives a Willpower roll to resist the
effects (difficulty 8). White Lightning (at least the faerie
version) has no effect on mortals unless they are first en-
chanted.

Riddlemascer

When played, this hand-carved mountain dulcimer an-
swers questions or riddles through a specific form of Soothsay
©: Omen. Rather than providing visual clues, the instrument
gives the player cryptic references regarding her query by
sounding out appropriate songs and ballads. The clue may be in
the title or lyrics of the song. For example: if a changeling
needed a particular ingredient for making a potion to render
other Kithain pliant and didn't know how to discover what that


ingredient was, she could play the dulcimer in an attempt to
find out.

The dulcimer might sound out the song "The Yellow Rose
of Texas" in reply. This could mean that the ingredient is some
sort of rose (perhaps even a yellow one), that it can only be
found in Texas or even that it is something yellow. Obviously,
the dulcimer is not intended to solve every riddle, but multiple
uses are possible (although too frequent use simply makes it go
out of tune), and even a hint can sometimes be helpful. Those
who play the dulcimer need only strum it to invoke the cantrip;
they do not actually have to know how to play it. Someone who
does play dulcimer receives more detailed information than
those who cannot play the instrument.

Fiddle Focus

Each of these finely made Appalachian fiddles serves as a
focus for faerie Glamour. Individual fiddles are created to
perform one specific effect. The effect is usually one from the
first three levels of an Art. For example: A fiddle created to
perform a Legerdemain effect might perform a Gimmix or
Ensnare while one created for Wayfare might be used for Portal
Passage. Playing the fiddle brings forth the effect and also
provides a point of Glamour to power the cantrip. Those using
one of these instruments must know how to play it.

Dreamdane

Meilge's need for a drug to help him befuddle and
kidnap High King David resulted in the creation of this
potent powder. An edible version of sodium pentathol,
Dreambane is infused with Glamour and washed through
with the cantrip Captive Heart (¢¢*¢¢ of Chicanery).
Mixed in any liquid, the powder becomes odorless and
tasteless, yet releases its potent effect on whomever drinks it
— so long as that person is Kithain or enchanted. Once
consumed, Dreambane makes the imbiber highly suggest-
ible. Such an individual could be made to think or believe
almost anything. In response to such beliefs, actions taken
by a person under the influence of Dreambane could encom-
pass just about anything, except those that are obviously
suicidal. Thus, Meilge was able to make David believe that
he had been deposed and that his life was in imminent
danger. Dreambane is hideously expensive, and thus far,
Meilge is the only changeling with a reliable supply of the
drug.

Dreamshield

Dreambane has only one antidote, which must be con-
sumed along with the drug itself to be effective. Dubbed
Dreamshield, the small pill is held in the mouth as a person
imbibes the liquid Dreambane. As the pill dissolves, it coats the
imbiber's throat, stomach and digestive tract, preventing the
drug from entering the bloodstream and taking effect. When
swallowing the concoction, the individual must open himself
to his own Banality to power it. Freely utilizing Banality in this
fashion forces another point of Banality on the changeling
doing so.

Creacures

Faerie Sceeds

Some of the first European changelings who arrived in
the new world brought with them magnificent and graceful
horses who bore the manifestations of enchantment within
them. These faerie steeds prospered in the Glamour-rich
atmosphere of Colonial America. In Kentucky, Virginia and
several other regions of the South, landed commoners who
specialized in breeding horses also worked to preserve the
faerie bloodlines of their enchanted mounts. Freeholds within
the plantations and farms of these horse breeders allowed
access to the Dreaming

When the sidhe burst through the Mists via the newly
opened portals, many rode through the gates mounted on
Arcadian steeds. Some of the elegant and ethereal horses
died immediately upon contact with Banality, their faerie
natures unable to withstand the cold, soulless reality that
confronted them as they entered the mortal world. Others
managed to mimic the actions of their fae riders, instinc-
tively achieving the same kind of transferences as their
masters by implanting their faerie essences into the bodies of
mortal horses. These Arcadian steeds, while capable of
breeding with commoner steeds, comprise a "bloodline" in
and of themselves.

Faerie horses can be bred to produce other faerie horses,
probably because their spirits, unlike the sidhe, are not as
highly individualized or particular. Faerie blood — that is,
descended from one of the long-time commoner steeds or
the newer Arcadian "breed" — is all that is required to pass
along the faerie "gene." Usually only one parent needs to
have faerie blood; if both sire and dam are faerie steeds, the
resulting horse exhibits exceptional or above-average traits,
but is also more sensitive to Banality.

Normal faerie steeds (with one non-fae parent) can
withstand the mortal world sufficiently to compete in
horseraces, dressage meets and other competitions. Com-
moner steeds are a little hardier than their Arcadian coun-
terparts (who suffer from the same increased sensitivity to
Banality as the sidhe). Nevertheless, Arcadian steeds are
able to participate in many activities alongside normal
horses.

Double-blooded fae steeds, however, have problems
racing or hunting outside areas charged with Glamour.
Their activities (and most of their existence) are confined
to freeholds and other enchanted lands. This is, perhaps,
fortunate because they are so much faster, stronger and
"finer" than their mortal cousins that their presence in a
race or horseshow against non-faerie horses would undoubt-
edly result in the unmasking of their true essence. Despite
the time they spend in freeholds, faerie steeds do not con-
tract Bedlam, as their animal natures make them immune to
it.

Faerie mounts can be bred with different breeds of
horses to produce variations such as steeplechasers, pacers,

Appendix 171

Tow
we

Se

>)

TS
SS"

@,


Po
CK

CS

(x

S

Zt

Ss

2)

SS

<4

CS

Le

Ee
ay)

>

SS

(KX

Vise

V

>

OS

NS

£2

V

2

IK

>

LPT RO RR

Quarter horses and draft animals. Arcadian steeds most
often combine with Arabians, Paso Finos, Tennessee Walk-
ers and other horses known for their fine confirmations and
elegant gaits. Breeders of faerie steeds used for races try to
alternate commoner and Arcadian bloodlines when infus-
ing faerie blood into their Thoroughbred and Standardbred
lines.

Image: Always large and beautiful, faerie steeds appear
in the mortal world as particularly sleek and healthy speci-
mens of their respective breeds. They evince a variety of
colors, just as their mortal counterparts do. To faerie sight,
these steeds all appear to glow somewhat, as if lit from within
or from a glimmering much like glitter that sparkles on their
coats and manes.

Attribut trength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Ap-
pearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 2, Kenning 2

Attack: Trample or kick/5 dice; bite/3 dice

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Glamour: 5, Banality: 3, Willpower: 4

Special Powers: Faerie steeds can enter the Dreaming
along trods. They are capable of following a Silver Path so
long as it remains visible, and can even leave the path
without becoming lost if the area they enter equates to a
homestead or freehold. Thus, they are able to race while
within the Dreaming. Steeds may leave the Dreaming as
easily as they enter it.

Faerie Hounds

Like faerie steeds, these hounds exchange places with
the essences of mortal dogs. Similarly to the horses, some
(known as common hounds) have existed, reincarnating
again and again, since before the Shattering, while others
are recent arrivals from Arcadia (called noble breeds).
Because most of the dogs kept by the fae are hunting
animals, they are all referred to as "hounds," but that is a
general term. A few working breeds and lap dogs also crossed
over with their sidhe masters, and all sorts of dogs — even
mutts — have been crossed with faerie canines. Mutt-faerie
crosses are called "mongrels" by the sidhe, who shudder at
the notion that any fae, even a dog, would incarnate in such
a creature.

Nevertheless, faerie hounds can be bred with almost
any breed to create faerie versions of everything from grey-
hounds to papillons. Some changelings believe that the
introduction of faerie blood into otherwise normal pedi-
grees is responsible for the creation of some of the more
exotic new breeds appearing on the dog show circuit. As
with the faerie steeds, double-bred faerie hounds are more
susceptible to Banality and cannot compete against mortal
dogs without their true nature becoming evident. Like faerie
steeds, these canines are immune to Bedlam.

Image: Faerie hounds look like their mortal counter-
parts, but larger and more attractive. Should they show at

mq

|


SF

23

oe hy (disputed) -~" "zy

ington *Cbarteasl, Duchy ie
Duchy of ; Te oe
Bluegrasses ‘s---" Dogwood

Duchy of
Winterthorn

‘ahingrosk

Sun

A- Echota Council Lands +
1 Willow's Heart

2 Wisteria Hall

3 Barony of Vellumton

4 Ferris Castle

5 Magnolia's Home

6 River Landing

7 Pelican''s Roost

8 Spirit Rock +

9 Sweet Magnolia's Grove
10 Spirit Hall

Il The Mississippi Pearl

12 Palmetto Court

_A

KN
ei Duchy of i ork Palace
2%) |Kingdom Magnoli's } Cotton
\ of the Home / 5
Burning (disputed) + x4

Gullah
Free State

13 The Home Place

14 Trinity Manor

15 Orchard Castle

16 Coal Town

17 Twisted Oak

18 Court of Balsam

19 High Castle:
Dancing Ground

20 Chimney Tops +

21 White Foam +

22 Bluegrasses

23 Frechold of the Mammoth

24 Graceland

25 Ozarks

26 Dogwoods

27 The Hunt Club

28 Court of Mirrors

29 The Cleansing Place +

30 Shadow Duchy

31 Winterthorn

32 Chesapeake House

33 Assateague Dunes

34 Blackwater Hunting
Grounds ¢

+ Nunnehi Holdings


Teragtovs "Of

The tranquil South holds the promise of endless summer for the Kithain of
Concordia. But promises fade, dissolved| by unspoken rivalries and dark despotic

® The opening gambit ofamo
Concordia

18.00 U.
