# File: Kithbook Redcaps.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


D

Nes
AY

TL 7
¥
A

Af

S

To
RE

Ss

RA

CN

{\

SS

ee

os

34

aa
RURAL

oS
<UL


t

CAL

7
%,

XSI
LOSS

S$)

RG
IES

x

Cy

=>
oo

KX

2

a

eI

Mt

=
Ka
a
tS

r
Taal

aa

2.

<S

{>

Written by: Rich Dansky

Developed by: Nicky Rea and Jackie Cassada
Edited By: Aileen E. Miles

Art Direction: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Ron Thompson
Art: Mike Chaney and Melissa Uran

Front Cover Art: Tony DiTerlizzi

Back Cover Design: Ron Thompson What is Arthaus? It's White Wolf's
newest imprint. White Wolfs mission
has always been to create art that enter-
tains ; White Wolf Arthaus is the embodi-
ment of this ideal. Modeled after small
press, the Arthaus team strives to create
those games and projects that are new,
experimental and unique. White Wolf
Arthaus now manages whole game lines,
supports others and creates specialty
projects whenever possible.

735 PARK NORTH BLD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension,
World of Darl d Aberrant gi 1 trad ks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf
the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West,
Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity and Kithbook Pooka are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA

2 KITHBQOK: REDCAPS


iS |
iN
et |
i
Ky)
2D) I
es)

LARRY

Y

{\

KR

AMEMORY OF TEETH ;

CHAPTERONE:ATALEASOLDASTHEWIND 10
CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HINGRY 26
CHAPTER THREE: SHUT YOUR BIG MOUTH 46
CHAPTER FON: LEGENDS 62
CHAPTER FIVE: ANOTHER MAW TO FEED a8
APPENDYG WHAT THEY FOUND, PICKING THE BONES 62

és
EZLS


"A

NA

S

bd

VJ

Z
&

A Menage ae Jae

"What can you remember?" asked the old man of the boy.
\ He was ancient, the old man was, with arms like oak driftwood
} that had been +00 long at sea. He had a beard, ragged and white,
that spilled down from his long chin like a waterfalls and he had

eZ

(SX

fe
Ne

XS

f-2

a

LV KK

/ strong hands that looked like they could wring tears froma stone.
\ His mouth was wide and his smile was cold, and he wore a battered
hat the color of rust on his head. He sat on a boulder in one of the

wild places of the world, looking out over a valley carpeted in
trees wearing red and orange leaves, and his gaze passed overthe
boy like the brush of a forgetful ghost.

The boy sat at the base of the boulder and looked up at the old
man. He was small and wiry, and had the same cruel features that
the old man on the stone did. He, +00, had strong arms and strong
hands, but his cap was bright and new.

"| remember my birthday," the boy said, "When the other
childlings came to play with Me, and the duke cut my cake with
his sword, and let Me have the first piece. There were musicians
there, and dancers./ remember that, and/ remember they gave me


Lo TN
od

II,
SL 5 nha

ee ee al

AO

a songbird as a gift. They asked me
what | had done with it later, and
| told them that | had set it free.
They believed me."

The old man nodded, once. "That's
g00d, that's a fine start. But that's
what you remember, Alaric. You-as-
you-are-now. What do you remem-
ber?"

The boy Alaric looked thoughtful
for a Moment. "/ remember when |
was small," he said, and shifted
where he sat "J was always hun-
gry. Never cold, but always hungry.
{ learned not to cry, though. It
never helped to cry. Instead, |
learned to wait"

The old man flicked a piece of
moss from the stone, the only sign
of his impatience. "Impressive," he
said, "but not what] am asking. Go
past who you are, Alaric. Think
about what you are. Think about
where you came from, why you are
what you are now. Where did those
teeth come from, Alaric? Who gave
them to you?" And with that, the
old man stiled a crooked smile that
showed a patisade of crooked fangs.

uncertainty, and stopped.

"Yes?" the old man breathed,
barely audible. "Tell me, boy, tell
me what you know deep in your |
bones."

"ft remember the dark," Alaric
said. "| remember the dark and
the cold of the tower, and (ook-
ing out of the one window. There
was a ladder made of rope, but i+
had rotted away and | couldn'+
leave. So} had to call them up."
Alavie's breathing was shallow,
and the voice he spoke in had a
rasp to it like a battered hack- |
saw, drawn across stonesHis eves (
were open, but they didn'+ see
the old man. "They'd find a way. /
They'd always find a way."

"And then what?"
"And then... | don't remetm-
ber." \

The old man shook his head.
"You don't want to remember,
that's what it iss boy. Deep down
you know, though. Deep down
you know. So go pack again," he
saide "Further."

The boy's breathing was (a-
bored now, an old man's wheeze.
His eyes had gone pure black,
without pupil or iris. "| remember

"| cemember..." the boy said

Ne

i, al

Nf
iS

A MEMORY OF TEETH

ea

}
\
j

|

iJ

ee

SY

S

<8
iJ

7,

SA
re
Khang

fy

x)

ARR

omens

We

ee

">?
SS

om


Speake
: ft

e,

the old times. We >
were in the rive }
ers, then, and /
we'd reach Up to =>»
grab the children

by their ankles. \
Their mothers had told
them not to play near the /
waters, that the rivers were /

hungry, but they didn't listen.

| We'd reach up from the weeds!

and clutch at them, and if we \

were lucky we'd snatch them

| away like they'd never been

| there. Some of them screamed,

| put not for long." He paused for

a moment, and looked almost f

thoughtful. "Youcan'+scream {

for long, down in the )
\

VL)

weeds."
"Further," the old man
" breathed. "You're almost |
there, boy. What does it |
feel like whereyou are _
now? Whenyou are {
now?" )
Alarcic white ‘
pered. "/#'s dark..." 7
"|?'s supposed to be }
dark, boy! I+ was all


ys

a

" dark then, except right up close
to the fires. Everything else
was shadows under the eaves,

¢ and we were there, weren't
we? Weren'+ we?"

"Yes." The boy's voice is quiet,
almost inaudible.
"What was that?" 6

\ "Yes, oh yes, / see nowe"

4 "Good." The old man leaned in

J Close. "What do you see?"

. "l see the firelight, and men

sitting around it. Their backs are

+0 the fire, and they watch the
shadows because they know
we are there. They know that if
they go into the shadows, the
claws will tear and the jaws
will catch and they'll van-
ishe They know there's
| something waiting for
them in the forest,
something that
will swallow
them and hun-
ger for more.
They know that
the forest and
the darkness
can devour

ee =

al

LO

———

~

=>

<A ee )

}

og

Za
JAN

AMEMORY OF TEETH

4

7
LH
ul

ected >
eK)

y y

gar,

(ey


CYR XG

flesh from their bones. He is look-
ing at Me, grandfather. He knows
we are here. The others are look-
ing +005 Now, but they do not see
me. They believe, though They
believe. Every word he says makes
us stronger, and they believe"
With a ery, the boy pitched
forward. The old man Made no

everything they are, everything
they can be, and they are afraid.
That's why they stay close to the
fire. They know that this place is
older than they are, old and ter-
rible. They know they're not
welcome in this world, and that it
will swallow them up as if they
never had been. The wild places

a ae ad

I

want them We want ther"

The old man nodded slowly,
daring only to breathe the word
"further." If the boy heard him,
he gave no sign, but he clutched
his arms to his sides and shivered.

"f4#'s colds" he saide "We're
colde We are the cold. Snow is
everywhere. Snow and ice. There
is an old man, telling stories. He
looks like you do, grandfather.He
has your eyes. The others sit
around and listen. | can'+ see
myself here. | can't see any of US,
but | know we are here. They
know | am here, +00.

"The old man who looks like
you is looking at Me. He is telling
them about the wind. The wind
has teeths he says. [+ will devour
them, so they must seek shelter.
They must keep moving toward
the sun, orthe wind will chew the

KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

move to break his fall, but merely
sat, and watched, motionless. At
some indeterminate point in time, a
squirrel chose to investigate the
motionless tableau a (little too
closely. At first it would barely
venture onto the rock before dart-
ing back, but as the long Minutes
past it lost its fear of the two
unmoving figures in front of ft
With a faunty strut, the squirrel
stepped out onto the boulder, and
surveyed the scene.

The old man reached out, fast as
a striking snake, and Caught it. The
squirrel chittered in fear for a
moment as he regarded it, then
without a word he tore off its head
with his teeth. Blood spurted onto
his fingers, the stone and the still-


i>

.
\
|

unmoving Alaric, but only for an
instants Without hesitation, the old
man opened his Mouth impossibly
wide and swallowed the rest of the
squirrel, whole, then almost daintily
licked his fingers clean.

At his feet, the boy stirred. "About
time, boy," the old Man said. "When
| did that, it took Me half as long to
get my sense back. You're keeping
us here," and he gestured out over
the valley, vaguely, "with the sun
going downe We don't want to be
caught out here after dark, do we?"

Alari¢c sat up and grinned that
same impossible grin his grandfather

Li

>

Ze

Bs
(X
fe
3
=)
iS)
we
R)
Ky)
=
es)
~,
SS
ws)

as
S,

e,

LA

X%

Z\

>
ras

wore. "We've been out in this
dark for ten thousand years,
grandpa. What's one more night?"
Off in the distance, something
moved under the trees. There
was a flash of color, dim in the
twilight. I+ could have been a
deer, could have been a bitd, j
could have been a backpacker j
trying to make a few More Miles /
before sundown. )
Alaric didn'+ care. Neither did
his grandfather. Together, they
loped off in the appropriate di-
rection, swiftly. After all) they \
were still hungry. (

O

ras

yy

rh

Y

©

4,
vas

Re



ee _

a ae

‘i olla

Awe

Wied

A hungry people listens not to reason, nor cares for
justice, nor is bent by any prayers.
— Seneca, De Brevitate Vitae

Welcome to the last history class you're ever gonna
want to sit down for. The good news is that there's no
final, no pop quizzes and no curve. The bad news is that
you sure as hell aren't gonna like what you're gonna hear
over the next few hours.

You know what? Tough crap. In case you hadn't
noticed, you're talking to me. You're not talking to some
more-ethereal-than-thou bard type with a gold-plated
harp and a tin ear who's gonna spin you six hours of
bullshit tales of noble glory, and you're not talking to
some twitchy-nosed rat-faced pooka who's got diarrhea
of the brain by way of his voicebox. You're talking to me,
because I feel like talking to you instead of ripping your
ears off. That means that when I talk, you listen, when I
ask you a question, you make your answer as short as
possible, and when you ask me a question you make sure
you're ready for the answer.

And if you decided that what you're hearing is too
much for your tender little ears and try to leave, well, I
ain't gonna be held responsible for the consequences.
You're getting a rare opportunity here to see something
about the kith besides our dental work, so you'd best take
some kind of advantage of it. If you decide that this
privilege ain't to your liking, I'm liable to get highly
offended. You don't want to see me offended, honest. It
would be bad, and you don't look like you're cut out to
handle my level of badness.

As for the other lads and lassies around here, don't
worry about them. You're safe as long as I give the high
sign. They won't lay a finger on you — or take one off —
unless I give the word. And as long as you make like
you're a good little guest, | won't give the word.

CHAPTER ONE: A TALE AG OLD AS THE WIND I

Ly


UK

4

es)

5 ay,
Keene
ns

Ve

\

)

We

$'

I take it we have an understanding? Good. That's
always nice to hear. You have no idea what a pain in the
ass you'd be to get out of the carpet.

The first question is, of course, where did we come
from. You don't even have to ask it. It's the first one
everyone asks. It's also the first answer they hate, and it
tends to set the tone for the rest of the discussion. If you
screw the pooch here, you're screwed all night. Remem-
ber that.

Now I want you to think for a minute. Think about
where we all came from, the dim and distant past. What
do you think it was like back then? Was it some sort of
wonderland where people cavorted around the woods
without being afraid that sixteen types of wild critters
were going to drag them off for snacks? In some people's
minds, sure. Other folks are gonna think of the primeval
forest, where the sun's afraid to peek through the branches
to see the rotting corpses on the woodland floor, and
nasty slimy things move from shadow to shadow just
‘cause they can. Which of these pasts is true? Well, they
both are, or they both might as well be, because there's
enough of a belief that they are true. You get the same for
all sorts of situations, and all of those pasts are very real
to the right people.

But that's not our history, no. Hey, if it works for
other folks, great. More power to 'em, that's what I say.
But it's not where we come from, and it's not something
we can understand.

Now take a wild guess at the sort of past we look back
to. It's a wild one. It's an angry one. It's one that most
folks don't like to think about because it's not noble or
illuminating or any of that crap.

Instead, it's just cold.

You ever been up in the mountains? Ever seen
chunks of landscape that look like they were just carved
out with a putty knife? Ever seen boulders big as houses
halfa mile away from any sort of rock face that could have
made 'em? It took power to do that, cold power. We're
talking rivers of ice and a world that's so cold that the
oceans curled up and hid themselves.

(2, KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

That's the world that made us. We come from the
wind that swept down over the ice. You ever think about
how that wind felt to the poor bastards living in those
days? It was the real enemy, always tearing at them,
looking for exposed skin to bite. It never rested and it
never slept and it never, ever went away. It must have
seemed alive to them, some sort of hungry animal with
invisible teeth and claws that was always looking to snap
them up. Of course, the fact that if they wandered too far
out into the wind there were always bears or big cats or
whatever else to chew them up for real couldn't have hurt
the myth. And so they got to thinking about the wind
and the cold, but there was one problem: They couldn't
put a face on it. You can point to a cave bear or a
sabertooth whatsis or a wolf and say, "There's the enemy.
There's the monster." You can't do that with the wind. It
comes from anywhere, vanishes in a heartbeat and leaves

Something else to bear in mind is this: It's
not like that wind was a neighborhood kind of
thing. Winter was everywhere — north, south,
east, west, it didn't matter. That meant that the
wind went everywhere, too, and where there was
wind, you'd find us.

Big deal, you say. Dreaming's everywhere,
right? Weather shouldn't matter too much in
terms of what sort of critter goes where.

If you believe that, you're more of a moron
than you look, and you look pretty d
to me already.

Look, it's this simple: Where the dreams
went, we went. The dreams went everywhere,
therefore the things that became us went every-

where. Other sorts of dreams and fears didn't get
that sort of play, and that's why they've got a
more limited range than we do. But because of
the way the dice rolled back then, we — or things
like us — are universal.

That ought to scare you. If it doesn't, you're
clearly not thinking about the situation hard
enough.

S

BY

CR

SN

no tracks. It's invisible and it's silent and it's impossible
to watch for. All you can do is build walls where you can
to try to keep it out, and pray it's not feeling vicious.

Is it any wonder they put a face on that sort of thing?
It helped them fight it. It helped their little shamans
make charms against it and say things in the dark that
made their little holes at least feel a little warmer. It gave
them something to watch for and to stand guard against,
gave them a feeling of power in the face of the enemy.

That's where we came from. Oh, the faces we had
then were very different. We were all white and gray,
colored like the things they thought made the wind. We
were either tiny and vicious, or huge, roaring beasts that
would crush entire tribes at a single blow. But we were
hungry then, just as we're hungry now. That much hasn't
changed.

WINTER

Now waitaminute, you're saying, what the hell does
this have to do with anything? We're Kithain, after all —
where does the archaeology lesson fit into all the stories
we've all been taught about where our kind came from,
and where it's going. There's this whole marvelous batch
of stories about the first Winter and the second Winter
that's coming, and so on and so forth, and where we fit
into all of that.

Well, don't think too hard about it. You'll strain
something you don't use too often but might need some
day. Yeah, we believe in Winter. We know Winter.
Winter is our mother. It gave birth to us, and it made us
who we are. Oh yes, we know Winter. It's where we came
from, and it's where the lot of us are going back to. Sooner
or later, all the rigmarole and circumstance is gonna fade
away, and we'll be back to the very beginning — back to
those basic notions that we all came from at the start.

So yes, we know the stories and myths. Hell, we know
them better than you do because we know the truth
behind them. That means we believe them, too — and
we're looking forward to watching them become literal
truth again. What goes around, comes around, and we
figure it's just about due.

Anyway, as I said earlier, we didn't look much like
our current selves in those days. Things like what we are
now weren't needed then. The world wasn't ready for us
yet. But the things that would become us were out in the
world, and they were moving. They went north to follow
the ice as it retreated. They went south with the stories
of the ancient winters as they spread. In short, they went
everywhere they could, and their surroundings changed
them. Most of them stayed like us, or along our basic
lines. You know what I mean here — short, big mouths,
sharp teeth, wiry bodies — the basic predatory package.
There wasn't too much about us that was distinctive,
though, unless you count the appetite and the lack of airs
and graces.

Ss

QA

YS

This was also around the time when we first started
running into members of other kiths. I'm not ashamed to
say that there used to be a lot more than there are now,
and that we're part of the reason that the numbers are
down. The world was a bit more savage in those days than
it is now, and a lot of times there wasn't much time
between "How-de-do" and a fight to the death. The other
kiths were mostly little, local things who didn't want
interlopers stealing their turf, and they'd fight hard to
keep strangers out. Sad to say, fighting hard ain't the
same thing as fighting well, and just because you pick a
fight doesn't mean you can win it.

SS

Other kiths knew not to tangle with us, at least not
on that level. Still, that's not to say relations were all that
friendly. They just knew better than to wade into a scrap
automatically or without thinking. And, that's not to say
it was all skittles and beer. We didn't make any attempts
to pretty ourselves up for anyone else, and the others
didn't pretend they liked us no matter what our eating
habits were. What you had was a healthy respect for each
other's capabilities, and in some cases a détente. Every-
one was still feeling their way through the world in those
days, and trying to dope out how they related to one
another. Is it any wonder that there were some pretty
weird combinations tried? There's a legend about one
troll chieftain who had a band of redcap bodyguards. He

CHAPTER ONE: A TALE AS OLD AS THE WIND \3
= See SHER


OL, ~,

SS

"a
£2

swore he'd always keep a roof
=) over their heads and food in their
& mouths as long as he lived. Well, times

another

52) turned bad, and in the end the bodyguards better. There weren't all these centuries of innu-

sy endo and ritual and bullcrap built up about one

\s — another, just the basics of who and what we were.

VA Well, that's how the story goes, anyway; (Si That helped prevent a lot of misunderstandings about

ty) five bucks and a cheeseburger says that it's "SE what people were after, and why. It meant that we
=) apocryphal, but it still proves an interesting knew what the sluagh were about well enough to stay

= (
. point. Now where was I? out of their way after dark, and they knew not to come
£-

4

f
Vir

ended up eating him. He died, but he kept his

/

promise.

* out of their holes when they heard us, and so on and so

oy Ohyeah, the early days. Something else to
VAY remember is that in those days, we were all a , forth. It's hard to explain now, because we're all so much
es lot closer to our primal selves than we are Yj more complicated, but things in those days were just a
A now, and that made us understand one whole lot simpler.

)
MK
ey,

\S
Al 14 _KITHBOOK: REDGAPS

4

v2
ral

Pity it all had to go to hell, don't you think? And it's
all the fault of the damned sidhe.

{ ‘
, Nin i

Something else to bear in mind is that as bloody as
things were back then, there was a sort of unspoken
understanding among the survivors. We were all on the
same level, such as it was. What inter-kith organization
there was, the trolls ran because A) they were big and B)
no one else really wanted to do it, anyway. That meant
that for all intents and purposes, the trolls were in charge,
but they weren't in charge of a whole lot, and they knew
better than to press their luck.

Everything changed when the sidhe showed up,
however. They had definite ideas about social structure
and society and order, and they set about putting those
ideas in place — with themselves at the top of the heap,
of course — as soon as they poked their snooty snouts out
from under the hill. (Cripes, how stuck-up can you be
when you live under a mound of dirt? think we're talking
about compensation issues here, boys and girls.)

Now some of us didn't like that, and some of us just
didn't care. The key thing is, though, that we didn't have
abetter alternative, soeven when we fought against what
the sidhe were doing, we didn't have anything better
than what they were proposing. We just liked the status
quo, while they had an idea they were trying to ram down
our throats.

Letme clue you in here — people whoare fighting for
something will, assuming everything else is even, beat
people who are fighting against something. You've got a
cause, you've got something to believe in, well then,
you've got something that will put you over the top. The
lads and lassies that dug in against the sidhe didn't know
what they wanted; they just knew they didn't want what

ffering. That wasn't enough. Then, when
you throw in the fact that a great many fae just didn't give
two shakes of a rat's ass over who was in charge, and it's
easy to see why the sidhe won.

1, pipe | Bs
Ue Slane

Once they won, they immediately started chopping
up the landscape into this Duchy and that Barony and all
suchlike crap, and making sure that all the power was in
their hands. I'll give 'em credit — they were organized
and they had a plan, and they knew how to put that plan
into operation. It worked beautifully for them, too. Then
they started putting pressure on everyone else to believe
their nobility bullcrap, to think that theirs were "more
noble souls" or some similar hooey. Sooner or later, there
were enough gullible idiots who bought into it to cement
the sidhe's spot, squatting on top of the food chain.
That's where they stayed for a very long time.

Fortunately, a very long time ain't forever.

Right about this time, give or take a few centuries, is
when we finally settled in as what — in addition to who
— we were. Yeah, I know some tight-buttocked history
geek is going to read whatever you write down and start
bitching about how this is all out of sequence and the peel
towers didn't show up until eleven-umpty-three or what-
ever, but frankly, I don't give a crap what they think.
They just know facts. I know the stories. Who are you
going to believe?

Right. Glad we got that settled. Now, once upon a
time there were these people called the Picts. Youcan go
toany It bookstore today and find d f books on
these people and their magical, mystical ways, which is a
real hoot because no one really knows jack about them.
They're long gone, baby, and all that's left is enough for
people to wonder about.

One of the few things that is known about the Picts
is that they built these things called "peel towers." Peel
towers were watchtowers or defensive emplacements or
some such that were built without doors. Instead, they
had one window, way the hell up near the top, and a
ladder inside that was let down so friendlies could gain
access but unfriendlies couldn't. It was a neat idea, but

= aN Herr

OO,
Ve 2/
im

GSD


ey a) | |

the stupid things eas by
it's not like they were easy to re- "supply, so all oe had to
do was sit six guys at the base of the tower and starve the
poor bastards inside out.

That's neither here nor there, though. You see, the
Picts were funny about their architectural standards.
They used exacting measurements, quality materials —
and adead guy underneath each tower. I'm not quite sure
what the thought process was, but it was something to the
effect of the blood from the sacrifice strengthening the
tower. Or maybe it wasn't. Don't ask me, I wasn't there.

Still, asa result, those peel towers got a bad reputa-
tion among the locals, especially since they were all
abandoned once they were taken in battle. 1 mean, who
wants to bother manning an indefensible fort? So they
became lonely, haunted places, and bad stories grew up
around them. The bad stories, not to mention the free
real estate, attracted bad things. And before too long,
those crumbling towers became home to a whole lot of
nasty creatures who liked eating whatever came by,
including travelers who didn't look too closely before
camping for the night in the ruins of the old peel tower.

Locals had no idea what was there, but they tied
together the notion of the bodies in the cellar with the
reports of the few survivors and came up with us. We're
talking about redcaps — the classic model.

Right around this time is when we started dyeing our
caps red, too. Truth be told, it was a sort of merit badge.
Having a red cap — one dyed the right way, of course —
let everyone else know you'd made it. It said "I'm big
enough to handle myself and anyone who comes my
way." Most of all, it told everyone outside the kith that
you were big enough and bad enough not to screw with.
After that, it just got to be ritual. You re-dyed your cap
when you could to let other redcaps know you still had
your hand in. A fresh red cap, all bright and new, let you
strut your stuff a bit. It gave you bragging rights, and
others would clear space to let you tell your little gourmet
tale.

16 KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

The most interesting thing about the whole proce-
dure, and the one thing that no one ever comments on,
is the fact that the caps came out red. Dried blood is
brown. It's crusty and it's sticky and it generally makes a
really lousy dye for most fabrics. But our caps came out
just the right shade of red to let everyone who was looking
at us know exactly what they were looking at, and how
those caps got their color. Isn't it nice when things work
out just how you need them to?

If you run down the three big events of Kithain
history, you're gonna get the following:

1-The sidhe taking over.

2-The sidhe coming back.

3-The sidhe running like scared little girls when the
Shattering hit.

How they get ranked depends on whom you ask. A
lot of Kithain don't even remember the sidhe taking
over. They've been brainwashed by too many songs and
too many centuries, and they've bought the party line
that the sidhe have always been here with their pretty
little butts on pretty little thrones. However, if you ask
em about the sidhe lighting out of here like rats with
their tails on fire, well, hell, everyone remembers that.
Where you get arguments is on what it all meant.

WARNING SIGNS

I suppose you won't believe me for a second if I tell
you that we saw it all coming. Hell, we even tried to tell
people what was on the way, because we knew the whole
thing was going to be a royal pain in the ass, but no one
listened.

But we could see it coming. The pretty boys were
putting on too many airs with their "faery rades" and
stealing children and otherwise setting up what was a
pretty adversarial relationship with the mundane world.
They're the ones who set it up, making sure all the dung-
on-the-boots mortals knew that there was something
strange and wonderful out there under the hill, some-
thing that they shouldn't come near. That's what did it.


You don't believe me? For fuck's sake, think for a
minute. Stop buying into all of the "the sidhe are true and
beautiful, and always right" crap you've been sucking
down like mother's milk all these years. The sidhe can do
bad things, OK? Deal with it. I know it rocks your pointy
little worldview something fierce, but you're going to
have to get over that if you ever want to amount to crap
in this life. If you keep on thinking that the sidhe can do
no wrong, sooner or later it's going to get your throat cut.
The only question will be who's holding the knife. Will
itb the si d, orasidhe whom you let
get too close because, shucky darn, he'd never do you no
wrong?

Face it, the sidhe are responsible for some of the
biggest cock-ups, if not the absolute biggest ones, we've
ever seen. They're just really, really good at ducking the
blame and making the shitstorm seem inevitable.

And how do they do it? By making you buy into what
they're selling. By portraying themselves as noble and
righteous, and convincing twits like you to go march off
under their banner. By coming up with pretty titles like
"Seneschal" and such to give to you, so you don't notice
you're being kept away from the real power. By means of
a million things like that. It's a snow job. It's bullshit —
but you bought it, and all of your fuzzy little friends
bought it, too.

What does that mean? It means that a sidhe could be
standing there with a big honkin' butcher knife dripping
with blood and his left foot on a corpse's neck, and you'd
think he didn't do it because, hey, the sidhe don't do that
sort of thing. Or maybe you'd think that ifa sidhe decided
to put a knife in that guy's liver, there had to have been
a good reason — and any reason the sidhe gives sounds
like a good one to you.

That's how they've been getting away with it for so
long. They're pretty, and they use archaic language, and
they have lots and lots of people like you just waiting to
give them the benefit of the doubt because they are who
they are. That's how they've literally been getting away
with murder for all these years, because we're trained to
think they're not capable of stupid shit like the rest of us.

~

Guess what, boyo? They are. They always have been.
And when they screwed up the first time, they nearly
murdered all of us.

So let's get back to that. Let's talk about how they
screwed the pooch. Basically, they got greedy. They're
the ones who insisted on separating the worlds, of keep-
ing distance between them and us. It wasn't good enough
for the sidhe for us to mingle with the mortals the way we
always had. No, we had to have our places and they had
to have theirs, and never the twain shall meet. In the end,
the dividing line the sidhe set up to make sure no one
messed with their little fiefdoms got harder and faster
than anyone could have imagined.

The sidhe wanted their turf separated from everyone
else's? Well, they got their wish, and the rest of us ended
up screwed.

IT HAPPENS

Everyone knows that when the Shattering started to
go down, the sidhe high-tailed it for Arcadia before the
gates slammed shut, and left the rest of us here to rot.
Devil take the hindmost, right? And it didn't matter who
was hindmost as long as it was someone else. Like the
story goes, if you and a friend run into a bear, you don't
have to be able to outrun the bear. You just have to be
able to outrun your friend.

FLAVORS OF BUTCHERY

You may be thinkin' that it's hypocritical
for us to hate the sidhe for what they did
when we are what we are. Go put a sock in it.
Yeah, we rack up a body count, just like the
sidhe bastards did. The difference is that we
do it personally. Ifaredcap jacknecks you, it's
because that redcap wanted you in particular
dead. It's all about the relationship you and
he have, if you know what I mean. We don't
write off kicking the world in the throat as an
unfortunate side effect, and we don't duck
the blame for every body that lands at our
doorstep.

That's the big difference. Think about it.

CHAPTER ONE: A TALE AS OLD AS THE WIND \7

©

AI

L 7

ay

fy 2\
—<G

Vee)
a5

VA
a

a
@

Ss

=)
SS
=)
KS)
=)
KS)
=)

#,


WX You know what happened next. The gates slammed Most of the time, your buddies let you up before they
A shut. No one was getting in to give the place the Banality dopermanentdamage. Sometimes, they don't. And once
\< <]} cooties, and the bigwigs back! d was ina very long time, you manage to weasel out the side of
YAN getting out. That meant that the lot of us was stuck  thepile, butnotof gh that I'd bet on it happening
w getting the Shattering right in the teeth, without any twice.

=) ¥ help from anyone. That's what we did, though. We snuck out the side

And you know what? We survived. We figured out and got out from under the pile. Did it just in time, too —
how to protect ourselves, and how to prosper. We did snapping ribs make a sound like nothing else, and we
that, not the sidhe. We did it without theirhelp, notthat were hearing it a lot, if you know what I mean.
we would have needed it anyway. By "we," I don't mean just us redcaps. We were all

We never forgot, though. We never forgot that the under the same little tent with the rain coming down —
sidhe had caused all that. We never forgot that they left us and trolls and sluagh and things there ain't names for
us here to die, either. You hold on toa memory like that, anymore. We were all getting out together, or none of us
you know. You hold onto it for a good long time. were getting out at all.

THE AFTERMATH Don't ask me exactly what happened, though. It's

not like there was a grand pow-wow of all of us elfy types
So, the Shattering hits. What was it like? The best . zi B ftp
i . : : putting our heads together as to the best way to cover our
way | have to put it is that it was like pressure, unbeliev- , : ae
, . asses. It's not like we could have done anything like that,
able pressure that wouldn't stop until you were a greasy . ; ;
anyway, with the weight of the world coming down on
smear. Does that make any sense? er ‘
our heads. It was just instinct, pure and simple. We all
looked at one another and just somehow knew where we
had to go, and what we had to do to get there. There ain't
no rhyme or reason. It was just the whole lot of us,
sprinting like hell for a place we'd be safe.

OK, let's try it another way. You ever play "Kill the
man with the ball" when you were a kid? The idea is to
throw around a football, and everyone piles on the poor
bastard who has it until he coughs it up. Then the guy
who gets the ball turns into the rabbit, and the whole

thing starts again.
"\ Now, if you're smart, you run with the ball until
eS there's someone right behind you who's gonna take you

a) out at the knees. Then, you turn around, throw the ball A QUESTION OF MOTIVES
Y»\_ in his lap, and start the dogpile. It works like a charm if - t caee eae, ot. Bad
VA Sey ; ; I know, I can hear you saying "Hey, isn't
4\N you're timing's down. They never see it coming, and they 8
—) . ; that what you were waiting for? The whole
catch the damn thing by reflex, plus there's always a herd ; 8 :
> shebang going up?" Well, yeah and no— you're

Y
Y ; ind!"
NON of guys right behind 'em rena to pile on. , misunderstanding us here. We want Winter
4A Sad to say, though, sometimes that doesn't work. You back. We don't want: a aoddamned wold anap

>
get hauled down before you can hand the rock off, and that will ruin the pretty flowers then leave
7% ) then everyone and his brother starts piling on. You get everything else normal. All things will come in
y trapped at the bottom of this pile of bodies that gets their own time; naturally:
sy deeper and deeper, and presses down on you harder and Well aicher chapocwedusedids ewantthe
iS harder. You know that any minute now you're gonna ; - ‘ } :
7 % sidhe getting credit for accidentally doing our

start hearing hi gs inside y p and even ifyou could 5
: ; job for us.
2) breathe to scream it wouldn't do you any good, because

) the pile's too deep and they'll never get off you in time.
Sy So the weight keer ing down, and youronly thought
Kn you've got is that you're gonna protect that ball that's
(ZA stuffed into your gut because it bought you all this pain
Se and you've damn well earned the right to keep the thing.

"

oy

y,

Gs
Way I KITHBOOK: REDGAPS

i

Not everyone made it. It happens. of fe
Enough of us did, though, and when the S)
dust cleared, we looked around and real- L - AK > )
ized that the sidhe were gone. Some of (RQ
the other kitl 1 whi 1 wail-

y)
ing about how all was now lost, with is
truth and beauty gone from the world. 2
Blah blah blah, you know the drill. We
told em to put a sock in it.

We were on our own again, and we
liked that just fine.

 THELONG

The dust took a long time to settle.
When you turn the world on its ass, that
tends to happen. It was years before any-

one was interested in poking his head up

and seeing what was left. Everyone was
too tired, too hurt and too scared. Plus,

there was still the pressure we'd tried to
run away from out there, and no one
wanted to feel that weight for too long
for any reason.

Eventually, though, folks got used to
the situation. They realized that things
had settled in as they were fora nice long
stay, so we might as well get used to
them. Slowly, messengers started getting
sent back and forth between the new
freeholds. Contacts were re-established.
Search parties went out looking for sur-
vivors and to get the lay of the land.

Looking back on it, it's kind of funny
) that the places the sidhe had walled off
were now tl pl hat most of us could
hide. Then again, if they hadn't started
cutting those places out of the natural

order of things, we never would have
needed to hide in the first place.

CHAPTER ONE: A TALE AS OLD AS THE WIND \q yy

Se

a)
a
(A

2

Sel)

Everyone was equal parts scared and angry in those
days. Most of the kiths were upset that their sidhe
mommies and daddies had left them on their own, and
they had no idea what to do. They had no idea what had
hit them, what was coming next or if they were going to
wake up tomorrow at all, and that had them running in
circles and chasing their little pooka tails. It was a real
productive time, let me tell you. Most of the survivors
ended up with one of two reactions. They either became
best buds with everyone else out there because they were
all survivors, or they decided to tell everyone else to piss
off and make it every elf for himself.

Needless to say, we went for the latter. While every-
one else was huddling together around the fires and
singing the period equivalent of "Kumbayah," we were
mad. We knew what had happened, more or less, and we
were pissed off about it. Mostly, we were pissed at the
sidhe, for leaving us with their crap to clean up, but they
weren't around for us to demonstrate our displeasure, if
you get my meaning. The other idiots, however, were.
Besides, in their own stupid way, they'd helped it happen,
and we weren't shy about telling them how they'd screwed
up.

This made us a lot of friends, let me tell you, not that
we wanted to be friends with those jokers anyway — not
in those days, at least.

As aresult, a lot of us struck out on our own. Much
of the early exploration of the post-Shattering map was
actually done by redcaps who'd had enough of their little
refugee communities, but needless to say, communica-
tion as to what they'd found wasn't exactly perfect. Most
of the time, the messages ran something like this: "All
clear on the other side of the big mountain at the south
end of the valley. I'm claiming it for myself. Don't come
visit or I'll kill you."

Hell, we weren't even talking to one another back
then. You have to understand, there was a lot of paranoia
going around. When your entire world gets turned on its
ass, you tend to get suspicious. If you can't trust the way
the world works anymore, you sure as hell can't trust any
people. It's not a friendly attitude, sure, but it's asafe one.
So most of the redcaps out there went solitary. Meetings
were infrequent, very formal and very cagey.

KITHBQOK: REDCAPS

To make matters worse, the landscape was a mess.
There were things out there in those days, chimera that
were just as screwed up as we were. Mortals got clocked
by the Shattering, too, even though most of them didn't
know it, and there were a lot of nightmares taking shape
in the dark corners of the world. Those things were loose,
and they were both hungry and hurting. It was a bad
combo.

What that meant was that the landscape of the
Dreaming was a dangerous place to be for a lone Kithain
of any sort, even one of us. Drop your guard for a second
and you were toast, plain and simple. However, since no
one wanted anyone else around, there wasn't anyone you
could trust to watch your back. Either way, you were
screwed.

The way we ended up dealing was, in the end, what
cemented our rep with the rest of the kiths. We went
monster hunting.

It was an easy call, really. We could either A) sit on
our butts and wait for something nasty to come along or
B) go out and be the nasty thing ourselves, and let the
monsters learn to be afraid of us. Well, gee, that's a no-
brainer. So we went out and started hunting beasties, and
we made sure that when we made the kill we let everyone
else know how we did it.

Eventually, when we'd gotten good at it, we started
hiring out to other Kithain who were too scared to hunt
the things down themselves. Every scared little boggan
who hid inside his house when the bad things went
stomping by would pay through the nose to have aredcap
come in and take care of the problem.

This sort of thing snowballed, as such things tend to
do. Eventually we started getting called in on contracts
that were just too big to handle. You know, dragons,
tarrasques, things like that — no way any one redcap can
take one of those babies down without help, even on his
best day.

Now, we ain't stupid. We may look dumb, we may
sound dumb, but we ain't dumb. There ain't now nor has
there ever been a redcap who'd go and get his head bitten
off for the sake of proving a point. (Well, OK, maybe
there have been a few, but it's not the sort of trait that gets

|


passed down, if you know what I mean.) The first time a
redcap got hired to take out a critter and found himself
staring down the snout ofa dragon, he didn't stick around
to argue the point. He said to himself, "Gonna need a
bigger gun," or something like that, and went off to get
help.

Anyway, once redcaps started banding together,
they stuck with it. It worked, after all, and it was nice to
get some sort of sense of community back. The other
kiths had a head start on us in that department. They'd
been huddling together for warmth while we'd been
spitting into the wind, and it showed. We were behind,
and it was time we started to catch up. Afterall, if this was
a brave new world without the sidhe, we needed to have
a say in where it was going.

Those monster-hunting teams, by the way, are what
eventually turned into gangs and bands. Everything has
to come from somewhere, after all. Even us.

GLOUCHING TOWARD SOCIETY

The gangs got stronger as the years went by, and we
settled into a place in Kithain society that was, if not
respectable, then at least recognized. All in all, the
Interregnum wasn't a bad time, above and beyond the
obvious problems with it. After all, we'd gone back to the
way things were once upon a time, and decisions got
made based on strength and merit. There wasn't any
feudal order handing down the impossible and the ri-
diculous, all of which had to be done by breakfast.
Instead, something workable popped up. Sure, it wasn't
the same from freehold to freehold, but it worked pretty
well nonetheless.

Wect d th

y tside, of course. The others liked
us even less than usual without the imaginary protection
of the sidhe, so we generally didn't play pattycake with
the others too often. On the other hand, you had a sort
of respect and détente. If some commoner headman
came out to treat with a boss and his lieutenants, you
could be damn sure that he was headman because he'd
earned it.

And so it went for a good long time, until the
factories started going up and we decided that we, collec-
tively, were in love.

Nee

Whoever thought of the Industrial Revolution de-
serves a medal. It was the greatest thing that happened to
us since sliced bread, bearing in mind of course that we
generally go for the whole loaf at one pop.

I know, you don't get it. The Industrial Revolution
was a dank, dark time when the whole agrarian lifestyle
got it right in the neck, and when the dreams of all the
world's children got crushed between factory gears. Play
me another song, Sam, I've heard that one a few times.

That whole mindset is another helping of the crap
that the sidhe served up. There's only one way to dream,
according to them, and it's their way. You can't possibly
find Glamour or anything else worthwhile in anything
but rustic, rural splendor, at least not if you believe them
and their pet Yeats.

Well, guess what? That ain't the way it works. The
Industrial Revolution had its dreams — hungry ones. It
was all about ripping things out of the land and using
them, feeding the factories day and night. It was about
finding what you needed under the ground and tearing it
out, and it was about the hunger that the machines had
for more raw materials.

Think we couldn't get a buzz from dreams like that?
It was perfect. We went down into the mill towns and the
mining towns in droves. We became pit bosses and
factory foremen, teamsters and so on. What better job
could there have been for us than to be there, first-hand,
to feed the beast? Who knew better than we did how the
factories must feel?

On the docks and in the pits, we were happy. On the
factory floor, we were ecstatic. This was what we'd been
waiting for since those cold winds had gone home, all
those winters ago.

Inthe middle of the soot and the smoke, we found our
perfect time. Oh, we knew it couldn't last — it was bound
to devour even itself, sooner or later. But in the mean-
time, it was everything we could have wished for.

CHAPTER ONE: A TALE AS OLD AS THE WIND

Poy
$4

\f
Ss,

Dy

<
PS)


Not everyone stuck around to watch the ZF,
smoke cover the sky. People like to move, as j if
long as they think they've got someplace bet-
ter to move to, and in this case that meant
heading to the New World. Once they got
over there, it was more of the same, of
course —a factory is a factory no matter
where it is, and the same goes for a
sweatshop. Still, the masses were hun-
gering for something more, and so we
went along with them.

The New World had its own unique
circumstances. First of all, you had the
whole melting pot effect, which meant
that no one was quite sure where he
stood on the streets of New York. Folks
quickly formed ethnic neighborhoods,
and with those neighborhoods came
gangs and territorial scraps. It was inter-
esting, to say the least.

For another thing, the joint was al-
ready occupied by the Nunnehi, though
by the time a lot of our kind started
coming over, the Nunnehi had mostly
been pushed back from any place we
were likely to see. Still, they were out
there, and they weren't happy with us.
It made sense to stay within the cities
for safety's sake. Foreigners weren't
too welcome most places, regardless
of what face they were wearing.

THE TWENTIETH CENTURY

Some folks look at the two big
wars of the 20th Century and think
it's exactly what we wanted. I say
that they're wrong. The slaughters
made as much sense to us as the
millions of buffalo that were left to
rot after being machine g d from
railroad cars. There has to be a point
to the exercise for it to work for us,


FIRST TIME FOR EVERYTHING

Legend has it that the first redcap who actually invited someone else to go hunting with him was
named Aelfric, and he lived in what they used to call East Anglia. Supposedly he got hired by a bunch
of commoners living in a handful of hole-in-the-wall villages to take care of a "wurrum" (that's "big,
mean lizard" to you and me) that was big enough to wrap itself entirely around a hill seven times. That's
one big lizard if you ask me, and the urgency of the whole thing makes more sense if you consider that
the hill in question probably was the old sidhe fort.

So Aelfric went to town with his trusty sword, thinking that the locals were being their usual scared
chickenshit selves, and that he'd have to deal with something maybe as big as a horse. Redcap monster
hunters didn't have a lot of respect for their clients in those days. Still don't, come to think of it.

Instead, he came snout to snout with something that was, well, big enough to wrap itself around a

hill seven times.
Aelfric nearly got hi homped off as he hightailed it out of there. It was a near thing, and he went
back to his camp to A) plan and B) wait for his butt to heal enough for him to sit down again. He came
up with some real doozy plans — spiked pits for one, and hiding in trees to jump down on the thing as
it went past. You know, he tried the whole nine yards, and he really put his noggin to work on this one.
But nothing worked. The critter was too big for the pits. It smelled him in the trees and chased him away
again. All in all, the whole thing was pretty embarrassing, and the commoners were starting to make
noises about getting their money back (especially considering what it was costing to keep Aelfric in
provisions).

Aelfric was, as previously noted, no dummy. He couldn't handle this one by himself, and he knew
that if he screwed this one up, his career as a monster hunter was over. Who wants to hire a monster-
killer that can't kill a monster? So he sent messages to two other badass redcap critter killers whom he
knew by reputation, and offered them a share of the payoff in exchange for their help. This wasn't an
easy thing for him to do, mind you, and it surprised the hell out of the other two when they got the
message. At first, they laughed it off, but then they thought about it. They knew what a hardass Aelfric
was, and they knew that if he was asking for help, he was serious. Plus, they'd each come off fights that
were too close for comfort recently, and were just a wee bit worried about running into something a bit
tougher next time out.

Besides, three hunters working together could do less work individually, and charge higher fees
together. It was perfect.

So the other two went down to East Anglia, or wherever the hell it was, and joined up with Aelfric.
Then they sat down for three days and three nights and planned how they were going to get this thing.
They talked about what Aelfric had tried that hadn't worked, and what the other two had done in similar
circumstances. They drew up plans, tore them apart, and drew up more.

And in the end, they just went out and beat the holy hell out of the thing. It seemed like a good idea
at the time.

After that, there was no stopping Aelfric and his two buddies (named Theodric and Offa, which if
youask me is no sort of name to give a monster hunter). They went up and down the countryside kicking
the snot out of everything they saw until they'd cleared the whole countryside of monsters. Then,

CHAPTER ONE: A TALE AS OLD AS THE WIND 23

lL?

a4

aS

SA

>

eS,
SS
|
=
Sy

{<
Xe,


Ver
Boy

@

Vital QL Li (ZV <oy

‘

|

ese
Wa
vA

S59

a

not a mechanical waste of life. We deal in murder and
hunger, not genocide. If you can't tell the difference,
then screw you.

You want to talk more about that stuff, go find
someone else. It sickens me, and that's saying something.

GAESS WHO'S COMING TO DINNER?

In 1969, mortals went to the moon and the sidhe
came back. I coulda done without the former if it meant
that we didn't have to deal with the latter. Why? Because
someone up there put some WD-40 on the gates of
Arcadia and out came the sidhe, la-de-da, like they'd
never been gone. They showed up and decided that they
were in charge all over again, and wasn't it quaint how
those little commoners kept things going while they
waited!

Surprise, surprise, some of us didn't want to bow and
scrape again, just 'cause the sidhe thought it was their
right and due. This shocked the poor precious darlings to
no end, and they responded the only way they could
— assassination and terror. You think we would
have come up with something like the Night of
Iron Knives? It's a coward's ploy.

Be
Neal

KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

So off we went to war, and you know what? We were
winning until Ardry came along. Don't listen to any of
that bullcrap about how the 4th Troll Commons were on
the run, or anything like that. Maybe the trolls were
losing the standup fights, but anyone who goes toe to toe
with the enemy in a fight like that is an idiot.

We're not idiots. Oh, the sidhe hated us because we
didn't fight fair (meaning, we didn't fight by their idea of
how you're supposed to wage war, so they kept on losing).
But who cares? More of them were going down than us,
and that's what war's all about.

History's written by the winners and the survivors,
kid. The survivors are generally more accurate.

Unfortunately, all the fun had to end sometime.
Along came Ardry, and that was that, at least as far as the
killing was concerned. Mind you, the kid had presence,

\)
Med


and he played straight. That's why we were willing to

listen.
I'll even give him points for trying to hold to his

word. I'm sure that was a pain in the ass, what with all the REDCAP FAVORED PROFESSIONS
antique nobles breathing down his neck to start waving THROUGH THE AGES:

Caliburn around. Still, the kid tried, which is worth some
respect, at least. Pity he didn't succeed that often.

And then, of course, he went bye-bye, and every-
thing went to hell. It seems he was keeping the sidhe in
check just as much as he was keeping us from their
throats, because the second he slipped out of view, the
old bullshit started up again. The good news is that
without a High King in place, the sidhe are spending as

| much time trying to climb over each others' corpses as
they are trying to beat the commoners back in line.

; Well guess what, kids? We ain't gonna take it any
more. We gave it one (that would be 1) shot, and it didn't
work. We told Ardry we'd be good, and they sandbagged
him for talking to us — at least, that's my guess. So from
here on in, it gets ugly. The Accordance War was just the

Tax collector
Brigand captain
Food taster
Shift foreman
Mine pit boss
Teamster

Barge captain
Strikebreaker
Machine gunner
Bagman
Warehouse foreman

warm-up. Get ready for the main event.

is

CHAPTER ONE: A TALE AS OLD AS THE WIND

2,
+
ee
nay

eo
SH
SOS

Ae

HS

SS

2)

RNS
NEA

1S by, {|



Now that the history is out of the way, we can get to
the fun stuff, like "What do all those jolly fellows in their
bright red hats do during their hours of leisure?" Trust me,
bunky, you're going to want to start with smaller ques-
tions before we get to that one. Still, that's where this
discussion is ultimately headed, isn't it? What do we do,
how do we do it, and why do we do it — those are the big
questions. The answers, though, are a little more compli-
cated than you'd think.

You need to learn is what a redcap really is, and what
we're all about. That's gonna take some doing, because
you've probably already got an idea, and it's probably all
wrong. The first thing we've got to do is empty your head
of all the crap you've already heard that's flat-out wrong.
And yeah, there's a lot of that out there. Have no fear,
though. You're going to get it straight, if you think you
can handle it. Ready for the next part of your ride? Good.

Oh, and keep your hands and feet inside the cart at
all times. Otherwise, something's gonna eat 'em.

e

| ‘
| ; P
of f
eee 5
I suspect that hunger was my mother.
Plautus, Stichus

As I said, we have to start with the bullshit. What I'm
gonna do now is list off a bunch of things that people say
about redcaps and we'll see if they match what you think
you know about us. Right. Redcaps:

e Eat everything in sight

© Can be wacky funsters who'll munch on any

thing for a laugh

Are all evil monsters

Hate everyone else

Are born spitting tacks and eating 2x4s for
breakfast
e Dye our caps red in the blood of things we kill
Absolutely none of these are strictly true in all cases,
though the last one comes close. It's the only one that
makes sense, anyway.

CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HUNGRY

ha

Be%
a

4,

)
a
Lj

Now, let's look at the rest of this steaming pile o'
dung. How could anyone in their right mind believe all
that — especially all together? It doesn't make any
goddamned sense. Then again, since when did Kithain
make sense? None of it — the whole setup — makes any
sense. Maybe that's why they're all so willing to believe
whatever comes down the pike, especially if it comes
from Duke Fancypants or Baron Stickupbutt. It saves
people the trouble of thinking.

It also saves them the trouble of why exactly there
needs to be a Duke Whiny in the first place, but that's
another matter entirely.

What I'm getting at here, though, is that there's a
whole lot of crud out there about what me and mine are
"really" like, and it's all hooey toa greater or lesser extent.
It's the hooey everyone knows, though, and it's the hooey
that everyone uses day to day. So that means that us
redcaps get a raw deal, not because of anything we've
done, but because of what people think we've done.

Mind you, this ain't a plea to help the poor, misun-
derstood redcaps. We're right bastards in our own way. I
just want to be sure that I get hated for the right reasons.

It's the little things that matter, doncha think?

b

That's the first thing we have to establish: What is a
redcap? The quick and easy answer is that a redcap is a
Kithain who belongs to a particular kith that's all about
eating.

Great. Wonderful. Really goddamned informative.
If that's all you've got, you don't know jack about us.

Because you want to know what a member of a kith
is, you've gotta think long and hard about what that kith
really means. You gotta think why there are redcaps out
there, and not bluecaps or greencaps or whatever.

In a sense, this is a bigger question about all of us.
Where do we come from, why are we here, all that sort of
thing. Yeah, this is the sort of existential crap that keeps
us going between meals, but some of us do think about

this. We don't get to share our thoughts with the other
kiths too much because, let's face it, the sidhe aren't
going to let us into the drawing room to chat about
philosophy, but that doesn't mean we ain't thinking.
Something you need to get straight before you go any
further is this: We don't hold illusions about ourselves.
Weare what we are. We know where we came from. We
don't make up bullshit stories to make ourselves feel
better about our place in the universe, and we don't try
to blow blue smoke up anyone else's ass. Recognize that
and you'll do fine. It's the first rule of dealing with our ~
kind, anyway.

THE DRIVING HUNGER

What we're really about is hunger. We exist to
devour anything we can get our mitts on, and we don't
care too much if it's still moving when we take that first
chomp. The big question, of course, is why.

The big answer, and it probably ain't the one you're
expecting, is "Because that's what we are." We're hunger



Do we have respect for authority? Sure we do — if it's
earned. It just takes a hell of a lot of work to earn it, as far
as we're concerned. Don't try to bluff it, either. Sooner or
later, we'll sniff a fraud. When that happens, you're
gonna wish you'd never been born.

Beat us fair and square, you're OK. But if you bullshit
us and th lean, don't expect us tonod and smile.
It ain't gonna happen.

THE BAD ATTITUDE

Sure, we've got a bad attitude. Why not? Everyone
hates us, we're no fun at parties and most of what we like
to do sends the rest of you running for the hills. Do you
think we're gonna try to play nicey-nice after all that?
Hell, half the time you lot don't even give us a chance to
cause a ruckus. We just ain't allowed in polite society no
more; you don't want our kind around.

SG)

cv

So if you don't want us around, why the hell should
we even consider behaving? Life's too short to suck up.

Besides, two thirds of what most Kithain call a bad
attitude is honesty. If you don't play with the flowery
words and phrases, you're being a big meany, and they
just can't handle that. You know what? Sucks to be them.
It'snot like we're g pealli |
just because it hurts some dumb bunny's feelings.

THE DAMN HATS

Do we all wear the red cap? No. It's not like they're
nailed to our heads or anything. We like to wear them,
though. Seeing the cap is like hearing a rattlesnake shake
his butt. It means there's something dangerous right in
front of you, and you've walked into its territory.

L:
g things as

As I said, not every redcap wears a red cap. But you
can be damned sure that somewhere, every redcap has
one. It might be a baseball cap. It might be something
homemade. That doesn't matter. It's there, waiting for
the right occasion.

After all, even we dress formal sometimes.

=)
Se)

THE SEELIE SIDE

Id me there's an ugly rumor going around
that there are no Seelie redcaps anymore. Supposedly, all
the Unseelie ones got together and jacknecked the lot,
solving that whole problem forever.

That's the problem with rumors. They're generally
dumber than a bag of hammers. If you think about them
for thirty seconds, you realize what a crock of hooey they
are. First of all, how the hell could we kill every single
Seelie redcap? What, did we send out an engraved
invitation to a pizza party so we could get them all in one
place at one time? Don't be stupid. The logistics alone
make the whole thing impossible.

Then you have to think about the whole Seelie/
Unseelie thing. It's not a hard and fast line, remember?
We change, or at least we can. Even if we killed off all the
Seelies on Thursday, by Friday odds are there'd be a few
new ones who'd just hopped over that spiritual fence.

In the end, though, that means that there are Seelie
redcaps. They're not common, and most of them have
been drifting back to the Unseelie side of late. They're
tired of being treated poorly, angry about the political
situation and generally horked off at life, which is why
they're coming home. That might be where the rumor
started — it's hard to find a genuine Seelie redcap these
days. They're still out there, though.

Seelie redcaps tend to fall into two categories: jokes
and badasses. The jokes are the ones you think of imme-
diately. They're the fat, jolly types — bakers and food
tasters and soon, and they'll eat anything if it getsa laugh.
They're very careful not to offend anyone, and they work
hard to make sure everyone likes them. That means
they'll eat anything on a dare, a bet or even a cue. It gets
them attention. A lot of childlings go this route, at least
for a while. It gets them friends.

Joke redcaps all have one thing in common: They go
out of their way to seem harmless. That's what they're
really all about, pretending to be something they're not.
Needless to say, we don't have a lot of respect for that
type.


Badasses, on the other hand, know exactly what
they're about. You find them as knights, as designated
monster-slayers, court champions, ducal bodyguards —
stuff that requires a real hard edge. They're all about
discipline. They like taking their primal urges and beat-
ing the crap out of them, just because they can. Then they
turn around and take it all out on acceptable targets.

Seelie badasses we can have some respect for. They
may be working for the wrong people, but they don't take
any guff. They'll still shoot from the hip and march to
their own drummers, even if they do it within bounds
that most of us consider kinda pointless. But they fight
hard, and they know their business.

They just don't necessarily take care of the same
business we do.

What do redcaps do, you ask. Well, duh. We eat. We
eat alot. We eat everything we can get our hands on, and
afew things we catch in nets and snares as well. We'll eat
stuff that's alive, stuff that used to be alive, stuff that
never was alive and stuff that might conceivably be alive
in the dim and distant future, but you don't feel like
hanging around to check the results.

Now, that's not to say that we just eat everything in
front of us. We're redcaps, not vacuum cleaners. You
can't just set us to "suck a lot" and hope we'll clear up
everything directly in our path. I mean, come on. How
stupid do we look? Yes, we eat. Yes, we're always hungry
—not, "Gee, I could go for a Chipwich right now, but it
might spoil my dinner," hungry, but rather, "I haven't
eaten in three days and I'd cut my own leg off and fry it
up if I didn't know I'd be just as hungry in an hour," sort
of thing. It's nothing we like and nothing we can control.
It's just who and what we are, and it's always with us.
We're always empty, always needing something to fill us
up. Stuffing something down the old gullet dulls that

pain, at least fora little while. It's going to come back, the
same way the sun's always going to come up in the
morning, but in the meantime you can get a little peace
and think straight for a bit.

WHAT'S ON THE MENU

The next big question is, "What do redcaps eat?" The
short answer is "everything." However, that's the sort of
reply that results in more nosy questions being asked, so
I'm going to save you the trouble and explain a bit more.

If you want to be technical, we're omnivores. We eat
animal matter, vegetable matter, mineral matter and
now that I think about it, gray matter, too. We're not
picky, though generally when we talk about feeding
someone a shit sandwich, we're being metaphorical. All
things considered, we'd rather eat something that tastes
good, but in a pinch damn near anything will do. You
know that story about the bunch of kids whose plane
crashed and who ended up eating each other? If it had
been us, there wouldn't have been a plane left, either.

The one question that everyone is curious about but
is too chicken to ask is this: Do we eat people? (More
accurately, they want to know if we eat other Kithain —
screw the mundanes, even the elfiest of the lot are more
worried about their own skins.)

The answer is pretty simple. Think about it. Think
about the legends, and the stories, and how we got our
name. Think about your worst nightmares, and the
answer you really, honestly, devoutly hope isn't true.

That's always the right answer in the end, isn't it?
The one you don't want to hear?

Let's move on.

CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HUNGRY 3|

roe

oa
i

Ry
to
is
Sy
ws)

%

:

iS
=
SS
S|
SS
=)
&
=
KS)
4

7 BATING PEOPLE:
THE RULES

Yes, redcaps really do eat people. They don't do it
often or indiscriminately, but they do it. Storytellers
should be prepared for over-enthusiastic devotees of
"long pig" in their game, just in case.

Redcaps have big mouths, but they're not that big.
(Well, not usually, at least) It's extremely difficult for a
redcap to swallow anything larger than, say, a raccoon at
one gulp. There are exceptions, of course, but then again,
there are always exceptions.

SWALLOWED ALIVE

Getting swallowed alive by a redcap is a special case,
and it comes with a special price. A Kithain who is
devoured thus is hurled violently out into the mundane
world (don't ask about the physics; it'll just make your
head hurt) and is unable fae mien fora year and
a day. However, it's nigh impossible for a Kithain to be
swallowed at a single gulp (though childlings are more
prone to it than others). Doing so requires three successes
on a Dexterity + Brawl roll (difficulty 9 for wilders and
grumps, difficulty 8 if the target is a childling) on the part
of the redcap, and the intent to devour stated before the
attack. If the attack succeeds, the target is swallowed at
a gulp — though suitable bits can dangle at Storyteller
discretion — and has precisely one turn to find a way out
of the redcap's gullet. (Cutting one's way out with a knife
is the best bet, but other ideas of sufficient cleverness —
ranging from causing the redcap to sneeze violently toa
sluagh diving out the other end — should be encouraged
by the Storyteller.) If not, he dies, and finds himself back
in mortal mien without any idea what's happened to him
or why.

Kithain killed in this fashion suffer all of the usual
penalties of chimerical death, plus the delay in resuming
fae mien noted above. Redcaps who deal with enemies in
this way don't receive any immediate benefit, but often
get the approbation of their peers.

RQ a2,

KITHBQOK: REDCAPS

a i

S

Z
>

This is the more usual fate for a redcap snack, and it's
all about disposing of the bodies. Either the redcap can
choose to bite in battle and, if he kills his opponent, tear
off a nice chunk (on a successful Strength roll, difficulty
9) or just go to work on the cadaver, which tends to
demoralize opponents to no end.

It takes a redcap three turns to devour a full-sized
corpse completely, though complications like armor can
extend the time. In that time the corpse is pretty thor-
oughly masticated and dismembered — redcaps have
eating habits that are strikingly similar to those of sharks.
A Kithain killed in this manner finds himself in the
mundane world in mortal mien, with no memory of
anything that happened and unable to resume his fae
mien for a month. It is said that there are certain charms
and cantrips that can speed the process along, but their
knowledge is kept hidden. Otherwise, the victim en-
dures all of the usual indignity of chimerical death.

THE ENCHANTED

Sad to say, a mortal who is devoured by a redcap —
regardless of status when the redcap starts in — ends up
dead. For this reason, most redcaps are a lot more careful

g I han they are about chowing
down on Kithain. They can afford to make a mistake with
their own kind, more or less. With a human, one screw-
up means it's all over.

about

Anything ona redcap's victim is swallowed with the
meal. Unless it is in some sense magical, it is destroyed
almost instantly. For each treasure devoured, the Story-
teller should roll the Redcap's Stamina (difficulty 6). A
success indicates that the treasure survives, and will
somehow be there, intact, if the redcap is ever killed and
cut open.


A redcap who chooses to dine upon mortals or other
Kithain is not going to be the most popular fellow — if
he's caught. That's why redcaps with that sort of taste try
to keep it low-key. They don't advertise. Anyone who is
too clearly into that kind of cuisine, if found out, is in a
great deal of trouble. Once word gets out that a particular
redcap has gone cannibal, the local court will almost
always set a very high price on his head. Eshu will carry
word of the sentence far and wide, meaning that there
willb feh forth ibal torun to. All things
being equal, sooner or later he'll be hunted down and, if
he's lucky, killed. If he's not lucky, the punishments start
at flaying and escalate rapidly from there.

In other words, it's not a good idea to get caught, or
even suspected.

On the other hand, redcaps seem to know when one
of their own has crossed the line. Even a Seelie redcap
thinks twice about ratting on one of his own kind,
though. The bonds of kith are strong.

WHAT'S ON THE MENU?

As noted previously, we can eat just about anything.
That's not an empty boast. If it fits in our gullets, we'll
take a bite. We can chomp through just about anything,
so odds are if we can wrap our jaws around it, it's got
"lunch" written all over it.

Are there things we won't eat? Sure. If it's got spikes
onit, well, who Pp their palate? Not], pal.
I'll go for something softer, like a sheep. Fire? Who wants
to eat fire? No, that will put a kibosh on one of us right
quick. Treasures tend to be hard to chew and harder to
digest, and most of them are too damn long and pointy to
eat anyway. And so it goes. Sure, we can eat anything. In
a pinch ora dull moment, we will eat anything. But that
doesn't mean we have to eat anything.

SL

DINING HABITS

I know this revelation is going to shock the hell out
of you, but redcaps are messy eaters. Yeah, | know —
you're stunned. Well, pick your jaw off the ground,
Gertrude, and get over it. When we eat, we like to eat.
We really get into it. I'm talking bits flying everywhere
and sauce on your fingers, if you know what | mean.

Our style of eating has its benefits. For one thing, it
freaks out everyone else. No one, but no one likes to
watch redcaps eat. It's disgusting. It's revolting. It's icky.
You get the idea. No one wants to stick around when
we're digging in, and that suits us just fine. Anything that
makes the little sidhe tummies twist into knots works just
fine for me. Wanna hear a secret? Nine times out of ten,
if a sidhe is watching redcap mess, we go out of our way
to put on a show. The phrase "Want some more toes?"
never fails to do the trick. The sidhe know you don't
mean it... but they can't help wondering, and it turns
their pretty pale faces green.

<1

POISON

It is actually possible to poison a redcap. It
takes work, and it takes a lot of effort, but it is
possible.

What is impossible is using anything found
in nature to do the deed. Redcaps can swallow
anything this side of nuclear waste (which re-
ally has no place in the Dreaming, to be honest)
and be fine, with only a toxic belch as evidence
of the arsenic milkshake.

On the other hand, there are certain chi-
merical poisons that can easily do aredcap in —
if he's not watching for them. Sluagh in particu-
lar are good at brewing up this sort of concoc-
tion, and the most accomplished alchemists
have whole ranges of brews that can do any-
thing from making a redcap woozy to knocking
him stone dead in seconds. That doesn't mean,
however, that such brews are accessible — or
cheap.

Note that this limitation applies only to
ingested poisons. Any other sort does its dirty
work in the usual fashion.

CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HUNGRY 33

Tay

Di
S

=)

RK

iz

=)
SS
a)
=
KS)
9

Chote! {]


Every so often someone from outside the family gets
an invi i nd eat with the lads. This is a pretty
rare occasion. We don't invite just anyone — it has to be
someone we think can take it. Now if he can, if he can
make it through one meal in all our bone-chucking, fat-
gnawing, gristle-tearing glory, then he's accepted. He
might as well be one of us. Then again, that might not be
something to brag about in certain circles.

Like the song goes, if you're a buddy of the redcaps,
you're a buddy of the redcaps for life. What does that get
you? More than you might think. First and foremost,
anyone who's known to hang out with redcaps automati-
cally gets the words "Serious badass" painted on his
forehead. There are worse things in this life than having
arepasa buttkicker who hangs out with other buttkickers.

Second of all, it means that you can call on one of us
for help. Now that's not a marker you should call in too
often, but by the same token if you earn that kind of trust,
odds are you're tough enough on your own not to need
the favor. I know what you're thinking here — why the
hell would redcaps help anyone out? We take care of our
own. It's as simple as that. If we take you in and you ask
for help, we'll be there. We'll give you crap afterwards for
needing help, but we'll be there.

Bear in mind before you decide that we're a bunch of
flower-arranging sentimentalists, that you don't get in-
vited to dinner with a bunch of redcaps by being good at
poetry. You get that invite by wreaking some pretty high-
profile carnage, one way or another, and walking out the
other side with a smile on your face. We don't call you
over unless we're pretty sure you're our type of people
already.

You want to know what happens to the guys who get
invited to dinner but don't make it past the salad course?
I've got one word for you.

iS

OS,
2S)

SUS

Dessert.

(Actually, we just beat the living hell out of them
and turn them loose. It's not like they're ever going to
come back, and the benefit of having others see some
bruiser beaten up like a nerd in the schoolyard is incalcu-

lable.)

Not everyone who gets invited to dinner comes, and
we can respect that. We can even respect the guys who
say "no." On the other hand, if it comes toa fight, we gun
for those guys first, because we know just how tough they

THE MERRY BAND OF
DESPERADOES

Redcaps prefer (and let me know if this surprises you)
the company of other redcaps. This is the case for many
reasons. For one, it means that you don't have to worry
about offending anyone with your table manners, or
accidentally eating their pet pixie chimera, or any crap
like that. For another, it means that you're with people
who understand. They've got the hunger, too. They
know what you're feeling, and they've done everything
you've done because of it.

It's nice to come home, you know?

Your average band of redcaps is about as organized as
your basic riot, but with fewer pitchforks and torches.
(Don't need 'em, after all.) The basic structure is pretty
simple — one redcap's in charge, and everyone else
listens. If the group is big gh, th lieuten-
ants who give orders for the boss and take no crap from
anyone else. Orders come from the top, get passed down
through the lieutenants, and that's how it goes. Anyone
who gets uppity gets kicked into place real fast and real
hard, and he'd better thank the boss for the privilege.

If tof li d doesn't get hammered
back in line, it means that the boss is in trouble. If he
doesn't keep discipline, then he ain't gonna be the boss
for too much longer. Turnover at the top can be fast and
fierce, or it can be nonexistent — a good boss can keep
a gang running smoothly for years, if not longer.

rs


The boss' job is to keep the band running well, make
sure everyone's happy and getting their fair share, and
basically keep things from going to hell in a handbasket
more than once a week. He divides the booty fairly,
makes sure there's food on the table and divvies up the

chores. His word is law, for as long as he can enforce it.
1 heh 1 ]

The boss is also the one wh Pp p
if it comes time for a scrap, and gives the word to charge
or retreat. Anyone who gives the boss lip on the battle-
field is asking for it. It's punishable by being kicked out of
the band at best, death at worst. That might seem a bit
harsh, but there's no place for debate when the blades are
swinging. Obedi g ( i
going to collapse. Even we know that.

o

y co

A boss becomes a boss by general acclamation of the
band at large. Usually, the acclaim comes after the new
boss has beaten the crap out of the old boss, but not in all
cases. Sometimes the old guy just steps d b
tired of the hassle. Sometimes the previous boss moves
on, or gets taken out. There are all sorts of reasons. But in
the end, the new boss has to be in there by unanimous
consent. How he gets the consent is up to him, but that's
the rules.

Are there female bosses? Absolutely. It's
toughness that counts, not plumbing. Besides,
lady redcaps fight dirty.

A boss who falls down on the job ain't a boss for long.
Ifhe doesn't hand out loot fairly and he's caught atit, he's
gone. (Definitions of "fair" vary, of course.) If he's dem-
onstrated he can't lead well in a scrap, he's gone. If he
can't keep food on the table, he's gone. And so it goes.

YAY

There's a million ways to fall, but still, everyone wants to WX
be the boss. So it goes, so it goes. (
LIEUTENANTS ey

Thel ppoints hi li Usually they're y
his best buddies, the ones he can count on to watch his
back and not try to put a shiv into it. A lieutenant speaks
with the boss' voice when the boss ain't around. When
the boss is, the lieutenant hops every time the boss says S
"frog." Lieutenants report directly to the boss, and are
responsible for keeping him apprised of morale, the (5X
p f troublemal 1 pretty much anything else y
they feel the boss should know about. In return, they get
a share and a half of anything that comes down the pike,
and the right to order people around when the boss is
indisposed.

There are never more than two lieutenants per band.
If a band gets large enough to need three, a bunch of the
lads just generally split off and form their own band,
usually with one of the lieutenants as boss. These bands (i)
set up shop as far as they can from the gang they've just me
left, to avoid competition, and they tend to make one (SX
hell of a mess on their way out of town. Redcap "migra- y)
tions" are legendary. Luckily for the rest of the kiths, they
don't happen too often.

A lieutenant can be stripped of his post for insubor-
dination, for failing to keep the boss properly apprised or
any other damn thing the boss feels like. The boss gets his
job by acclaim, but li ppointed. The band's
got no say in who the lieutenants are — it's all the boss'
call. He makes 'em, and he can break 'em just as easily.
Some b heir li p the lads
fresh. I guess it works for them, but I never much saw the
sense in it. Show me a band full of redcaps who think
they've got stripes, and I'll show you a unit that's gonna
trip over its own feet the first time someone tries to give
an order.

CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HUNGRY 33 WS
" == NS pie


S
By

ZY THELANS

Most of a band of redcaps is made out of just ordinary
fellows; well, ordinary redcaps. They've got two jobs: Do
whatever the boss tells them, and don't do anything
stupid while they're waiting for orders. Otherwise, they're
pretty much on their own, at least within the confines of
the band. Most of the time they spend together is spar-
ring, scrapping, scrounging or eating. It's pretty rough
and tumble, but the lads generally seem to like it. If
they've gota good boss, they've got all the toys they want,
plenty to eat and a place to kick off their shoes.

OY RX

SS
25]

Everyone within a band is equal and has equal voice
(with the obvious exceptions). It's rowdy, but it works
pretty well. If there's a dispute between two of the lads,
the boss tells them how to settle it, and they do. Usually
it's bare knuckles, but sometimes bosses get creative.

a

A redcap who doesn't like the way his band is going
can walk out the door at any time. He doesn't have good
chances of being asked back in, but there's nothing
keeping anyone from going whenever he wants. Why the
hell would you want a surly redcap around, anyway?
Letting him walk is the best thing you can do.

cV

C22

Contrariwise to that, a redcap who wants to join an
existing band has to run through whatever tests the lads
devise for him. (The boss is th ho decides if he gets
the chance at all, and the lieutenants make sure that
everything's on the up-and-up.) That can range from
having to beat up everyone in the band, one by one, to an
eating contest to bringing back the head of whatever sort
of chimerical critter is making a pest of itself that day.
Keeping the boss out of it is a smart move. The way the
lads define the tests is a pretty good indicator of whether
they want the new blood on board or not, anyway.

Bands operate on a bunch of simple rules. Anyone
can leave but it's hard to join. The boss' word is law.
Everyone else, lieutenants excused, is equal. Shirk in a
fight and you're in for a world of hurt. Stand by your
brothers in the band and they'll stand by you. Everyone
does equal work, and yone get al (again,
lieutenants and the boss excluded).

KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

That's pretty much it. Do your share and you get your
share. If there's ever an issue that the boss can't solve by
decree, it goes to popular vote. If it's still an issue after
that, the band's doomed, anyway.

Once upon a time, if you believe some of
the more long-winded troll bastards out there,
Thor went out for a jaunt in his chariot. He
brought along Loki, forno reason anyone's ever
been able to explain to me, and he picked up a
kid along the way to serve as a manservant. (It
had to do with goats. Don't ask.)

As part of this pleasure cruise Thor stopped
in with some giants, who challenged him to a
series of contests. One of the challenges was an
eating contest between Loki, who was known
to stuff his gut on Odin's tab, and a servant in
the giant household named Logi. When the
contest started, Loki ate all the food in front of
him. Logi did, too, plus he ate the bones, the
plates and the table the food had been sitting
on.

It turned out, of course, that the whole
thing was one of those deeply metaphorical
tricks that you only see played in myths. Thor's
wrestling match was rigged — he was fighting
old age. The belt he had to lift was actually the
world serpent. You'd think he'd recognize the
damned thing, but no one ever accused Thor of
being too bright. And Loki's playmate, Logi,
was fire. No wonder it devoured everything.

Even if you don't buy the story, or don't like
it, you've got to admire Logi's style.


THE HIDEAWAY

Most redcap bands don't spend all their time to-
gether. It's not like the local countryside could support
their appetites if they did. They tend to gather when they
can, but to go their separate ways a lot in the interim.
Most bands have a place — be it a freehold or a hutch in
the center of the city — they can call their own, and
where they meet, regular as they can. Often the place has

one lad there at all times, just to keep it safe, and a few
] ‘ £ ]

traps and visitors. It's

hard to mistake a redcap band's hideaway for anything
else, truth be told. If nothing else, the bones tend to give
it away.

On rare occasions, a band has a redcap
who's the designated cook. His job is to put
the food on the table and make sure it tastes
good. In the kitchen, the cook outranks even
the boss; otherwise, he's just one of the lads.
Still, no redcap in his right mind makes an
enemy of the cook, or else he's getting some-
thing nasty on his plate at the next mess call.

Redcaps fight to get into bands with good
cooks, as if that's any surprise, and pissing off
the cook has been grounds for more than one
boss' removal.

What you'll find ata redcap hideout is pretty predict-
able: any loot the band's gathered, weapons, food, trin-
kets, trophies of battle and whatever else h ght their
eye. You'd be amazed at how many pool tables wind up
in those places. There's also usually a larder, stocked with
whatever the band's managed to lay in recently. Details
are usually pretty sketchy on what's in there, not that
anyone actually cares.

Hokeydoke, here's something you've got to under-
stand now: We fight to win. We don't fight for pretty
medals or titles or lilting songs sung about our bravery by
waif-thin elfin chickadees that disappear when they turn
sideways. We don't fight to be noble or memorable or any
of that crap. We fight to win. And if we can't win, we fight
so that the other guy's gonna be hurt so badly after
messing with us that he'll be in no shape to do it twice.
He may win, but he's not gonna be marching down Main
Street for the victory parade.

Part of it's just common sense, after all. If you getarep
for fighting until the bitter end, it scares the other guy a
little bit. It lets him know that no matter what, he's
gonna take losses. That means that he's gonna be a little
hesitant when he wades in, and every little hesitation is
an opening. And in this biz, an opening is as good as a
knife in the gut.

Hell, the whole thing even saves us some fights on
occasion. If a guy knows that it's gonna cost him more
than he wants to take us down, he just might back off.

The other reason we fight that way, though, is a
deeper one. You can yammer about tactics and strategy
and morale until your tongue's hanging out, but the basic
truth is that we like to break stuff. It's what we're here for,
after all —to tear it all down. All of it. Every freehold wall
that we tear down is one less obstacle for the Winter
wind. Every broken body at our feet is one less arm to bar
the door. You get the idea. It ain't pretty, but it's who we
are. It's in our bones.

That doesn't mean we can't fight to defend some-
thing. After all, only an idiot lives in a world of absolutes.
The greatest | had their little antisocial habits, after
all. No one's all one thing or another. But even if we're
fighting to keep something standing for a change, you
can bet we're gonna take a pound of flesh out of the
enemy, tight where it hurts. Everything's got its time,
after all. It's just that your time's gonna come sooner
rather than later if you mess with a bunch of redcaps.

OLS

os 50


‘a

\ NOPRISONERS

Something else to bear in mind is that we don't take
prisoners, at least not on most occasions. Mind you, it can
be a good idea to take the odd Duchess off to your camp
for nefarious purposes. Hell, you don't even have to do
anything, as the whole pointy-ear crowd is going to
assume the worst of you anyway, and will do anything to
get her back. Have yourself a few conspicuous ladyfinger
sammiches and the process gets even faster. It's amazing
how they'll cut a deal to get one of their own back,
especially 's pretty much useless. The useful
ones, of course, we kill. No sense letting the enemy get
them back, regardless of how many toys they'll give us.
But if some pencil-neck negotiator thinks he's hot stuff
because he gave us something we wanted for someone
we'das soon kill as look at, well, hey, give me ten of those
and a side of fries.

A
2S)

Coat",

SS)

IES

The flip side of the whole thing is that since we show
no mercy, we don't expect any. We fight to the last. As
long as a redcap can twitch, he's dangerous. The rest of
the lot have learned that by now. They know better than
to even try to take prisoners. We don't break under
torture. We don't talk. Hell, any redcap worth the salt
you'd season him with will bite out his own tongue and
before he blabs. Then he'll smile at you and spit

swallow it
blood in your eye.

Besides, we don't make trades. We don't swap. You
manage to pull Angus out of the scrum and march him off
to Wythywynde Woode (or wherever the hell the sidhe
go) and offer to give him back to us in exchange for, say,
a retreat, we'll laugh and cut your courier into filets. It
doesn't matter who's caught — if one of us was dumb
enough to get captured, he deserves what he gets. We'll
just take the price of his hide out of someone the next
time blades are drawn.

Mind you, there's one time we will trade for some-
one. That's when the idiot on the other side of the fence
demands a sworn oath that we'll go away and play
somewhere else if we get our buddy back. Any oath can
be broken. Any. You just have to be ready to pay the price

KITHBQOK: REBCAPS

— and we always are. But another body in the trenches
is worth a lot.

If you ask, say, your average troll, a redcap fights in
pretty much the same way that a chainsaw does. You
know, just rev it up and wave it around, and sooner or
later big pieces of whatever it hits will get turned into
little ones.

Now, that' ain't necessarily a bad way to fight. It's
unpredictable, which is good, and it scares the crap out of
anyone who goes into a brawl looking for a nice, man-
nered fencing match.

On the other hand, fighting out of control like that
will get you killed, sooner or later. That's just the way it
works. You may be hell on wheels, but sooner or later, if
you just run around breaking stuff, you'll run into some-
one smarter than you who's going to understand what
archers or ambushes are for. That's when you get turned
into aredcap-shaped pincushion, and it's all over but the
shouting.

That's why we don't all fight like that. We're smarter
than that, and honestly, most of us would like to stick
around a while. If that doesn't scare you, well, it should.

A redcap off on his own has to fight smart. Most of
the map is hostile territory to a lone redcap, after all. So
a redcap who's out to dye his cap properly needs to be
smart. If he's not, he's a head on a pike outside some
baronet's court.

With that being the case, the lone redcap's not going
to stand on a bridge and announce that none are gonna
pass. That's a great way to get turned into the crap in
between the treads on some butch troll's boot. If he's
smart, he'll do one of two things:

A) He'll pick himself a good ambush spot, wait there
and then pick off the occasional traveler. This works in
the city as well as the country, you know. It's just a
different sort of mindset to play with.


ps)

eS
sy,
a a8

(SG

a

One day a troop of sidhe was moving through a pass in some hills when up ahead, an advance sy]
scout spotted aredcap. He was standing on the hillside wearing nothing but a kilt anda ragged shirt z
and he had a pike in his hand.

"Hey! You!" the recap shouted. "Sissy-boys! I'll bet you my cap and my eyeteeth that I can
whip any one of you!" And then, if the sidhe hadn't gotten the message, the redcap turned around
and flipped up his kilt.

The sidhe second-in-command was all for filling the redeap's backside full of arrows, but the
duke who was leading the troop decided against it. "A fair challenge has been offered," he said,
"so we shall meet it fairly. Pick one who' ll deal with this disrespectful redcap."

And so the second-in-command selected one of the soldiers, a swordsman of great skill and
poor temper, and sent him off to kill the redeap. The redcap saw the sidhe coming and, without
a word, ran over the crest of the hill. Enraged, the sidhe followed. A second after he'd vanished

Qh

>
oO

S

CS
os

from sight, there was a great clamor of battle, and then silence. A minute after that, the sidhe ‘KR
soldier's head came rollingdown the hill. It stopped at th d-in-command's feet with a thump ee,
and without a word, he picked it up. The expression on it was one of great surprise, and the left N)
ear had been gnawed on. i:

Atjust that moment, the redcap re-emerged over the top of the hill. "That was no challenge!"
he shouted. "Send up your two best men and let's see if they can take me!" So straight away two
soldiers charged up the hill, and straight away the redcap vanished over the crest. Again there was
the great hullabaloo of battle, and then a pair of heads came rolling down the slope.

Again, the redcap came out. He dusted his hands, belched mightily, and laughed. "If that's
the best you can do," he said, "then I should be fighting with one hand tied behind my back!" And
then, very deliberately, he lifted his kilt and made water in the direction of the sidhe.

1 Job . ] pe EY TE .

Be rs |

I

had

en ceammand

That, need ,enrag i edu
troopers. The redcap laughed, an ugly sound, and once again scampered up over the crest of the i)
hill. The sidhe followed and the sounds of battle echoed from hillside to hillside. But soon, all too (=
soon, it faded to silence, and with.a *thump* *thump* *thump* the heads came rolling down the eS
hillside.

Slowly, arrogantly, the redcap came out again. He said nothing this time, but he didn't need SS
to. The sidh di ith rage and ordered all of hi lay the impertinent =)
commoner. As one, they advanced up the hill. The redcap retreated, and the sidhe followed. )

At the foot of the hill, the sidh d ited impatiently. He heard screaming, shouting 1%)
and the clang of metal on metal. Then, suddenly, he heard running footsteps. He looked up and (=

there, at the crest of the hill, stood his scout. Ss

"Your Grace! Your Grace!" the sidhe shouted. "It's a trap! There are two of them!" K
Now, what lesson does this story teach us? Let me correct myself: What lesson besides PS)
"Two redeaps can whip a hell of a lot of sidhe without half trying?" =)
If your answer is "Sidhe are suckers," you're half right. Sidhe are suckers, and you can KS)
use that against them. Use a little strategy. They won't expect it from you, and it works. )
i

CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HUNGRY 4 OY y/


Sa

If you're going to play ambush, you need a good spot
for it. You don't want to be too close to the local court
when you do this, or you get a half-dozen knights breath-
ing down your jock strap. You don't want to be way the
hell and gone away from where everyone is, or you won't
get diddly to jump.

The real trick, of course, is making sure that no one
spots you. You let groups go by if you're smart, and just
jump the stragglers and the solos. That way, when you get
bored with the lifestyle, you can stroll into court and
converse, with no one the wiser.

B) The other option is to find yourself a clutch of
others to go wandering with. In a setup like that, you
can't lose. Sooner or later, a band like that always

AS eee : 1 Joell; ‘

is, how long can you stomach being part of a merry band
q

£ * sah : G, heafll Es
or without going atter the rolks you re

oe
traveling with instead.

One of our biggest i and

1 '

we use it whenever we can. In so many
words, all the rest of the kiths are afraid of us.
They may hate us, they may feel sorry for our
"sad and lonely ways" —whatever. It doesn't
matter. Deep down, they're all terrified. Ev-
ery sidhe knight's balls crawl up his spine at
the thought of facing us in a fight because

ey ee }

he's already th g what we're going
to do to him if he loses.

So if we can stoke that little fire of fear
by doing something gross or barbaric before
the fight, we will. If it scares the punters
across the line into fighting worse — and
most of the time it does — then we're that
much closer to winning. That means we'll
toss severed heads across the line, eat still-
pumping hearts, things like that. Usually it
has the desired effect. Fancy that.

OS
~ 2)

When redcaps work in packs, it'sa whole other kettle
of fish. Mind you, a kettle of fish won't last too long with
a pack of redcaps around, but you get the idea. A regular
redcap band with blood in its eye is a thing to behold.

The boss gives the orders, of course. A big advantage
that we have going into a lot of fights is that the other side
expects us just to charge in and get slaughtered. They also
can't resist the opportunity to pick one of us off. That
means that the old "run a lone decoy out and have them
follow him back into the teeth of the ambush" shtick
works like a charm every time. The idiots on the other
side are in such a rush to nail a single redcap that they'll
charge on without taking half a second to think "Gee,
could this be a trap?" Nope, they just put the blinders on
and make like a bull ina field full of ketchup. We pick off
more idiot sidhe that way than you'd believe, and the
beauty of it is that it's not like there are survivors to warn
the next batch of morons about the technique.

Whatever. It works for us, and we love them for it.

Makes our lives easier, doncha know?
Raf 1

Pp good at ambushes, as if you couldn't
guess. We're experts at picking good spots to jump
travelers, using cover and cutting off escape routes. It
comes with the territory, really. We don't sneak around
like the sluagh do, but we know the value of cover. If
nothing else, it lets dinner get closer.

That's something else to bear in mind, by the way —
we can be very patient when we need to be, and very still.
One of the things we school the kids in is pretending to
be a statue — holding still long enough to convince the
birds and the squirrels and whatever else to come play on
you. It's a great way to get a snack. Advanced classes
involve lying on your back with your mouth open, and
actually waiting for lunch to hop inside.

You think that's no big deal? Then think about this:
Imagine a bunch of redcaps hiding in brush or gully or
whatever, holding that still and waiting for you and your
buddies to stroll along. You're not going to see them.
You're not going to hear them. They're not going to move
and give themselves away.

Betcha look twice the next time you go walking,
pally.


WAR

The worst case scenario — for everyone else, at least
— is when a bunch of redcaps bands get together and get
into gear. One of the bosses gets elected warchief by the
other bosses, and they act as his lieutenants from then on
out.

What happens after that is pretty impressive, and
pretty damned scary. For all the noise we make, we can be
pretty damned efficient in a fight, especially on the
offensive. Usually a warband will just take off and head
for bjective, clobbering ything along the way.

If the other side is lucky, once the objective is
reached the warband tends to dissolve. The various
bands go their different ways, the bosses pick up the reins
again and everyone promises to get together next year
and swap lies about what they did on the campaign.
That's the fast version.

That ain't what we got now, though. There are
warbands out there that are permanent, or as near to
permanent as you'd want them. They're dug in, and
they've got boggan engineers making fortifications for
'em. Other bands and warbands are out there, making
raids and roving around like they own the countryside.
Come to think of it, maybe they do.

In any case, those warbands are the hard core of
what's going on now. They're not going to go away and
they're not going to fall apart under their own weight.
They've set out to do something, and they're going to do
it.

l almost feel sorry for the poor sons of bitches that are
going to have to fight them.

What a lot of folks don't get is that we occasionally
do things besides eat. We're a right fun-loving bunch
when we put our minds to it. Mind you, that might not
be by anyone else's definition of fun, but that's their
problem. We're having a good time.

Redcaps drink. This is a fact of life. We can swallow
pretty much anything, so a belt from a bottle doesn't hit
us at all unless we want it to. That means that if you see
a band of redcaps spending quality time, odds are you're
going to see a pile of bottles near them that's tall enough
to have ski trails on it. What makes it even better is that
we can drink anything, so we'll suck down the stuff that
the high-and-mighties consider swill. They hate watch-
ing us enjoy that stuff; it's another sign of our inferior
breeding, or some such.

Redcaps do get drunk, by the way. We have to want
to get drunk, but we can. Yes, lads who can't hold their
liquor hear it from their peers, assuming they wake up
anywhere near where they started — tossing a drunkard
into a barrel and seeing how far downstream he'll go
before waking up is a favorite sport.

So is punching a hole in the bottom of the barrel.

There's only one thing more horrific than the notion
of aband of redcaps bombed off their skulls. That's a band
of redcaps bombed off their skulls and trying to sing. Yes,
we do try to sing when we're plastered, or when we're
marching or whenever, really. Just bear in mind that the
sorts of songs we're gonna be singing won't necessarily be
ones you want to hear — especially if you've been
drinking yourself.

We like to dance, too. Betcha can't even picture
that.

When you get right down to it, sports are war.
They're about beating the other guy, usually by taking his
territory and ramming something — a ball, a puck,
whatever — right down his throat. That's something we
can relate to. The more violent the sport is, the better we
like it. Shinty's a favorite. The more of us we can get into
a game of that, the better. A head makes a great ball, but
if we can't get one on short notice, anything will do.

CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HUNGRY

ay)
fo
(a
is

-

(i

4

Fs)

oy


PS"

What that means is that if you see a whole scrum's
worth of redcaps going at each other, you're not watching
a scrap — at least, not one for anything more than
bragging rights. Still, it's best to get far away, fast, when
the action starts. Those games don't have out of bounds
markers, and they don't stop for bystanders.

HUNTING

No one, but no one should be surprised that we like
this. They just might be surprised at how we do it. Yeah,
i go chasing through the woods, grabbing as
much as we can. It works for sharks, right — why
shouldn't it work for us?

42 KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

Other times, though, we've got different approaches.
Sometimes we'll stalk one thing for hours, just cause we
can. Maybe we'll go for a sprint; see who tires first, the
prey or us. Sometimes we hunt in packs, whooping and
hollering just "cause we can.

That's what scares people the most, and with good
reason, | say. Imagine a whole band chasing one target,
howling to wake the dead and never letting the poor son
ofa bitch rest forasecond. Those can go on for miles, and
they can go on for hours. The trick is to let the prey think
he just might be able to get away, without ever letting
him think he's lost you. It's a fine balance to maintain,
but it's doable — with practice.


STUDYING

Believe it or not, we do teach the childlings. Life as
a redcap's tough, so why not give them every edge? Any
redcap kid out there is liable to get taken under the wing
of some grump, like it or not, and taught the basics of
fighting, survival and dealing with the rest of the critters.
If we don't, it's a disaster waiting to happen. A kid who
doesn't study is a kid who's exactly what everyone else
thinks a redcap is, and he ain't gonna last too long. We
ain't so common that we can afford to throw childlings

away.

oe
_

So we teach. We teach 'em about hunting, and about
fighting. We teach'em where they came from, and where
they're likely to go. Most of all, we teach em how to be
redcaps, not junior-grade sidhe wannabes. It works out
just fine, from where I'm sitting, though the sidhe tend
not to like it much. It horns in on their territory for
teaching the kiddies proper care and grooming.

Afterall, weh !

will.

f our own. No one else

CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HUNGRY

43

R

a
&,

YW
IA

©

%

>

I

b

J

NS
iS

Ses

WHY THE KIDS GO UNGEELIE

You want to know what it's like? I'll tell you what it's like. Take yourself back a few years,
to when you were fresh-faced and pink-cheeked and everyone thought you were cute as the
dickens, even if you really were a rotten little monster. You remember those days? I'll bet you
\ remember some of them — endless hours of running around with the other childlings, playing

) games and hunting chimera and generally having a blast.

They were great days, weren't they? Everyone was friends with everyone else, and no one
cared what kith anyone was ‘cause it was all one big ad Kids g ps, those were
the sides, and all the little brats stuck together because, well, they were all little brats. Remember
those days? You do?

Well, then, you're so full of horseshit I wouldn't eat you for fear of getting a bad taste in my
mouth. Th good old days, boyo. It's all a lie your memory paints so you don't remember
what an atrocious little bastard you were. Oh sure, it may have started out innocent. After all,
when you're brand spanking new to the Glamour, everyone's different and wonderful. You might

have treated everyone the same, at least for a while. You might have hung out with a pooka or
£, i.

"V6

Cy
ISS

SS

asluagh or mayb lik at first, b liff aswe
we were all in the same boat. We were all baby changelings, and as weird as we were to one
another, we were weirder to everyone else, so we played together. We didn't have a lot of other
options, I think.

But that didn't last too long, did it? It's like anything else. Someone has to come along and

iK

wr ruin a perfectly good thing. All the good little sidhe got taken up to court and told whom they
iy could and couldn't associate with. Oh, I'm sure it was never too blatant — those pointy-eared
‘ snakes would put a knife between your ribs haft-first so you didn't notice the blood — but the

whispers would be there all the same. "Are you sure you want to invite him to your knighting?
I'm sure he's perfectly well behaved if he's a friend of yours, but the other nobles might not

Or) understand." Heard that one, have you? Well, how about this one? "I'm certain he's Seelie now,

KAN but you know how his kind is..." And then you'd get the meaningful silence, and the meaningful
Ay look, and before long the lesson sank in: You're not supposed to be playing with the funny little

WW boys in the red hats.

NS) All the jokes that were so funny before, like getting your redcap buddy to eat a Big Wheel
= or chow down a whole pizza at one gulp, they weren't funny any more. They were scary. You could
72 see other things going into that maw, couldn't you? You could imagine how it could all go wrong.
> ¥

") Because the older changelings, the ones with the very best of intentions, had let you know that

iy itjust wasn't done, that it just wasn't right. It was all for your own protection, though, so that made

\S it all right.
VA It wasn't just the damn sidhe, either. The big bruiser trolls would tell their kiddykins not to
ty) associate with that sort of ruffian because they didn't fight fair and weren't honorable. The eshu
Ss) heard all the stories — they always do — and started looking over their shoulder. And so it went,

Ny all because the kid might go bad sooner or later.
SN I can hear what you're saying to yourself. You're saying, "You know, that does make a certain
amount of sense." You're thinking that, well, a lot of redcaps can get pretty dangerous, and it's

%

i best that the kids know the risk, and anyway, you certainly weren't like that. And I say piss on
b
?

a you and yours, because this isn't about you.
vA
cA

KA 44 KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

KS

\

LESS \

RURAL RRA RRL

You know who it's about? It's about the kid, the stupid little redcap childling who looks

around one day and sees that his friends ain't gonna play with him no more. It's the kid who sees
his buddies look at him like he's some kind of monster, the kids who gets left out of everything
all ofasudden andh godd d idea why. It's not lil yone bothered to tell him, after

all. It's not like anyone bothered to explain. None of those sidhe bastards are going to sully
themselves telling a little kid that he's just not the right kind to hang out with their precious
heirs. Hell, they don't even give him forting lie, like Redcap Mumps or some crap like that.
They just take his friends away, inch by inch, and they let him stew in his own juices.

Now think about that childling for a second. He can't play with his friends any more. He
doesn't have any friends any more, really; the wilders and grumps have scared them off. He's all
of six years old and he's alone. He's not stupid, though. He pokes around, asks some questions,
and sooner or later he'll find an ex-friend who still likes him enough to turn him on to the truth.
"You're gonna be a monster," the other kid says. "I'm not supposed to play with you any more."

Now how do you think a redcap kid is gonna take that? He's not gonna take it well at all,
if you ask me. He'll think about it, and at first he'll deny it. After all, he's been a good friend. He's
worked his skinny little ass off making sure he didn't eat anything important, being a good friend,
doing the stuff his buddies thought was funny, and still they're turning their backs on him because
he might be dangerous some day.

This kid's a redcap, but he's not dumb. He knows that he's being screwed. He dwells on that
fora bit, and he dwells on it some more, and eventually he comes to one inescapable conclusion:

If they're gonna treat me like that, I might as well act like that.

You're not listening to me any more. I can tell. You've got that, "Well, that's stupid," bullshit
look on your face. You're thinking you would have been plucky and soldiered on, and made
everyone realize what a nice guy you really were.

Again, I tell you that you're full of shit. Try being the freak to the freaks some day, pal. You'll
learn it changes you real fast. | learned that the hard way.

It's adamn shame you can't too — but that doesn't mean I can't teach a thing or two to your
kids.

And yeah, I know where you live. Sweet dreams, asshole, that is, if you can sleep at all.

CHAPTER TWO: THE WRETCHED AND HUNGRY

S|
<I
:


\\ ~ x 1 \
VY Va =. be Nd
Wee SO ga

‘ i
\ f
‘ JAB \

~~ . .
hoy x

sy PA Lr \ . oN, va \ Mt S . "ys

ras
Y \,

\ va
- ae WV
Tear |. Va
\ 7% \ . \ , VA
\ AX :
\ yi \/ \
\
\ \
\
x \
M

)


A

=

ett

ey

Stet es er

Hunger maketh hard bones soft.
— Hill, Commonplace Book

As long as I'm cleaning up your misconceptions
here, I might as well take a whack at another one. There's
this long-held belief that despite our differences or histo-
ries or goals or whatever, all of us kiths really get along
well when the chips are down because, gawrsh, that's the
changeling way. When the pinch comes, it'll be us
shoulder to shoulder with the sidhe and the sluagh and
everyone else because, hey, that's just the way it is.

It's a pretty little picture, isn't it? There's just one
problem with it: It's a load of crap. If you believe that,
you're dumber than you look, and you look plenty dumb

tome. When push to shove, we're all shoving each

other to avoid getting pushed out the back of the sled and
fed to the wolves. And I hate to burst your shiny happy
bubble, but the sidhe and the pooka and everyone else
will be shoving right along with us. That's the way it
really works, kiddo. We've got a bad rep among the other
kiths because we shove harder and because we don't just
stand there and let them shove us. The sidhe love you if
you stand there and let them walk all over you. We don't
do that. You can figure out what comes next.

But in any case, that's beside the point. Lemme give
you a rundown of who all our little elfy cousins really are
—not the Yeats-flavored crap they tell you about them-
selves.

CHAPTER THREE: SHUT YOUR BIG MOUTH

47 Ye

Were" >" ‘ Yor

KR

rl

S)
is

rs

k

.
KA
w
A

Yeah, I've read Yeats. You sound surprised. What,
just because I'm a redcap means that I'm a goddamned
illiterate? I'm hungry, bunkie. I'm not stupid. Remember
that and you might last a while longer.

These guys are just plain sad. At what point did an
obsessive need for tidiness become one of the great
archetypal drives? I don't get it. 1 don't see where these
guys came from, where they're going or what the hell
they're doing in the meantime.

V4 eT KX z

Oo

I guess the big problem with the boggans is that
they're so damn drab. I mean, household spirits. Great,
perfect, whatever — fix my shoes and I'll give you a
cheeseburger. That'snot legend, that'sa barter economy.
Whoop-de-do.

There's only one thing to admire about these guys,
and that's their stones. I mean, you tell a boggan to do
something and he's gonna do it if it knocks him, his
buddies and his extended family stone dead. They're
stubborn as all hell, and that means that if you line ‘em
up and put swords in their hands, they get ugly. Tell them
to march, and they get dangerous, cause they just keep
\ on coming regardless.

A)

=]

KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

Other than that, though, there's just not much to
them. There's not much to say because there's not much
to talk about. Maybe next incarnation, fellas. "Til then,
hang in there and see if you can get me something in a
black loafer.

ESH\

There's something weird about the eshu. Ask any
other Kithain about the eshu, and you'll get "Oh yeah, |
gota lotta respect for those guys, wish I could go with em,
too bad they're not around here much."

Does that stril y l funny? It's like they're
all afraid to say anything bad about the eshu, but they sure
as hell don't want them moving into the neighborhood.
I dunno. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm reading too much
into it. Maybe not. Doesn't really matter in the grand
scheme of things, though.

The deal with the eshu, at least from our perspective,
is pretty simple. They've got big mouths, though not the
same way we do. That can be a good thing, or that can
bea bad thing. When you want your rep asa badass to get
far and wide, you tell an eshu. Mal right?I mean,

hese guy g hitad tsin two weeks. You
can't buy that sort of exposure.

ty


On the other hand, there are times when we don't
want word of what we're doing to get out. In that case, it
makes sense to make sure no one's carrying that word.
Lucky for us, eshu like to travel light, fast, and most
importantly, alone.

One lone eshu versus a pack of redcaps with an
agenda. Who do you think wins that one?

Nockers like building things. We like tearing things
down. That's as basic as it gets. It doesn't matter that the
crap they like building is left-handed can openers, three-
eyed cucumber peelers and steam-powered nail clippers
— it's the principle of the thing. Whatever they make,
we want to knock down. It's like sticking your chin out
and daring us to take a swing. It's just gonna happen, and
don't you dare bitch about it when it does. You asked for
it, after all.

The good news is that everything that a nocker
makes has some problem with it. There's always a screw-
up somewhere, and that means there's an easy place to
start taking it apart. It's just a matter of finding it.

Besides, when it comes right down to it, we're simple
creatures. We like basic stuff — straight razors, sausage
grinders, things like that. Complicated things make us
nervous. We don't like 'em much. And from there, it's
not much of a jump to not liking the people who make
"em.

If you say "tastes like chicken," I swear I'm gonna
haul off and clock you one. I don't know what pooka
tastes like, I don't wanna know what pooka tastes like and
frankly I don't give a rat's hairy ass what pooka tastes like.
Can we move on? Thank you.

Now that I come to think of it, though, that's what
makes pooka such a pain in the ass. They're all about
sidetracks and one-offs and getting distracted by that
sparkly thing in the dirt. You can't get a handle on them.
One minute they're showing teeth and willing to fight to
the death over something, the next they're playing some
goddamned annoying word game that's just a cover for
the fact that they stole your lunch. There's no rhyme or
reason to it, and it means that trying to deal with them
in any kind of situation that isn't hunter-prey is annoy-
ing as all get-out.

aly

B
S

Wy
al Leis

"S

Ss

ies

\

Ss

A\

>

Q

ai

we

So


BUY.

Ca

Can you deal with a pooka? Sure, you can deal with
a pooka. If you can dope out what they want and give it
to them, they'll jump through flaming hoops for you.
Even better, they're all so desperate to make an impres-
sion that they'll talk to you even if you ate their four best
friends. Just give them th y | ises al
how you reformed, and they'll crawl right into your lap.

Dumb bunnies. Heh.

So this satyr walks into a bar where a redcap is sitting
and orders a drink. While he's doing so, he knocks over
the redcap's beer. The redcap looks at him and says "Hey!
You knocked over my beer!" The satyr says, "Yeah?" The
redcap says "So you're gonna buy me another one, right?"
The satyr says, "The hell I am." The redcap, being a
reasonable guy, says "I didn't hear that. You are gonna
buy me another beer, right?" The satyr looks at him and
says, with a suitable obscene gesture, "Eat me."

So he did.

That joke always cracks me up. I've got no idea why.
You get the gist of it, though, right? Satyrs are way too
impressed with themselves. They're all convinced that
they're badasses and they've got to show it. Most of em

a KITHBOOK: REDGARG

a

>

aren't exactly original about it, either. ] mean, OK, how
original do you expect a bunch of guys with hairy legs and
foot-l I b their conversational open-

ers, but still, it's a tired act.

Deep down, the satyrs aren't that far from us. They're
appetite, too, just a different sort. They've gotten away
from their roots, though. It's all got to be frolicking and
cavorting and "tee-hee, oh, you've got me in a compro-
mising position." Screw that. What ever happened to the
way it used to be? I'm talking about gut-twisting, knee-
buckling need, the sort that gets your thighs sweaty and
your shorts soggy. I'm talking about needing to screw
someone so bad that the watermelon with a hole in it
over there is looking good to you, that you'll die or kill to
get what you want. That's what these guys used to be
about, back in the day.

They're not about it so much any more. Now you can
just brush them off, more or less. It's kind of pathetic. Ah
well, sucks to be them.

SIDHE

Okay, here we go. Are you sitting down for this one?
It's gonna take a while. After all, it's not going to be easy
summing up what bastards the sidhe are in just a few
sentences.


Well, lemme try: The sidhe are a bunch of bastards,
and each and every one gets a stick inserted someplace
delicate right after Chrysalis just to make sure they
maintain the proper snot-nosed attitude.

Hey, that wasn't so hard after all. I could let it go
there, you know, but it's just too damn much fun to trash
those guys. Before you think I'm just waving my dick in
the air, though, lemme straighten you out ona few things.

First of all, no one elected the sidhe kings. They just

long h d decided that they were in
charge because, well, that's what they're made of. Let's
face it, as kiths go they're young. Night fears and hunger
and loyalty — those are old ideas. They've been around
forever. That's why we've been around forever. So have
the sluagh and the trolls, if you think about it. But
nobility and all that crap? It's new. It's got no history to
it. But that didn't stop the sidhe from riding in like the
goddamned Queen of May and just taking over when
they showed up.

Now, on a certain level I can respect that. New kid
on the block makes good, all that crap — it's the feel-
good story of the year. But what puts my nuts ina vise, and
I think I speak for every other redcap with more brain
cells than teeth, is that as soon as the sidhe got on top,
they pretended that they'd always been there. They've
got no class, no style and no sense of history. They just
crapped all over everything that came before because,
hey, if it didn't have sidhe in it, it couldn't have been any
good. That sticks in my craw. That sticks in the craw of
every soul that's got the sense to think about it. And
that's just the start of the list of things we owe them
payback for.

You want ancient history? They sold the lot of us out
during the Shattering. Sure, the sidhe could go running
back to Arcadia, but were the gates open for anyone else?
Hell, no. They don't want our kind up there, do they? So
we got to take it in the teeth while they went back to their
castles and fairy forts. You think they thought about the
poor bastards they left behind during all those centuries?
Don't be a Pollyanna.

See]

That's not good enough for you? Then let's talk
modern history. It's 1969 and they come back, and they
do the same goddamned thing to us all over again! Did they
even notice that we were doing just fine without them?
Hell, no — it all needed a sidhe's cold-fingered touch.
After all, the commoners couldn't be trusted to do dick,
right? That's a perfect excuse for their sort of war.

You know what! think? It'sa self-image problem. All
of the point-eared SOBs are terrified, deep down inside,
that we don't really need them any more. They'd piss
their tights if they thought that we'd get along just fine
without them. So that's what drives them. They're trying
to convince us that we need them any way they can, and
ifwecan'tb d, well, we gotta die. In their flinty
little heart of hearts, that's what they're thinking.

And if that ain't a good enough reason to hate the lot
of them, I don't know what is.

SLUAGH

By all rights, we and the sluagh should be on the same
side. I mean, look at the basics: We got a bad rep, they've
got a bad rep. We've got all sorts of antisocial habits,
they've got all sorts of antisocial habits. We eat weird
crap, they eat weird crap. We like good music, they...
okay, it only goes so far.

CHAPTER THREE: SHUT YOUR SIG MOUTH

aI

Ral

%
(e
|

=
iS
a)
)
=)
Wy)
ra

Oats

‘

(RN
t

iF

%
Mo

iA
\s
w

Nn)

Q

4
1%,
OD

a
Y)

Sa"

Still, though, you'd think we'd have a lot to talk
about with these guys. It's kinda sad that's not the case.
Sluagh seem intent on working from the inside, you
know? Every duke's gotta have one around to show how
open minded he is, and to yank as much info as he can out
of the little worm. What the sluagh gets out of this is the
fun of forcing some high and mighty to rely on him. You
know, making the sidhe get the knees of their tights dirty
by getting down and begging for the straight poop.

The problem with that approach is basic, though.
The damn sidhe always get back up, change their tights
and start acting like assholes all over again. Nothing
changes, except the sluagh goes back to his sewer or cave
or whatever and puts another chalk mark on the wall. I
figure they all get together and cackle over who's got the
most each month, and then realize they can't stand each
other long enough to do anything else.

Then again, that's all right because we can't stand
them too long, either. You always get the impression that
asluagh's looking ata spot about half an inch behind your
eyes when she's talking to you, and it's one of the few
things that'll give a redcap the willies. They never seem
to do more than stare, but you know, sometimes that's
enough.

In the end, it's all pointless. They don't like us, for
whatever reason. I've never bothered asking why. We
don't like them, because they're ineffective little worms
who are too damn creepy for anyone's good. It'd be a
beautiful thing if we ever found a way to work together to
shove a tin can up the big bosses' asses, but it just ain't
gonna happen any time soon.

Trolls are tough. (Yeah, yeah, get the joke out of your
system, lemme know when you're done with the bullcrap
about the l'orange sauce and the scallions and we can
move on. Too goddamned predictable, that's what you
are, and it's gonna get you in trouble real soon now.)
They know how to fight, and they know how to fight
well. That's what they're there for, after all. They're
supposed to know how to fight. No one ever dreamed up
atroll-like critter that was good at macramé. The big bl
morons are just supposed to stand there in a byrnie or a
kilt or whatever | tfi i d
beat the crap out of things honestly.

leth

Now, that's all well and good, but it explains pretty
handily why they don't like us. Trolls like things to be
done properly. They're kinda anal-retentive, in a
jarheaded sort of way. You're not supposed to fight unless
you're fighting the right way, with all the forms filled out
and all the procedures followed and all the ritualized
insulting of everyone else's mother before you actually
start swinging.

Well, piss on that. You get in a fight, you're in it to
win, not to limp home and thump your chest about how
well you did, all things considered. We fight to win. They
fight to score brownie points on the invisible troll-o-
meter, which I presume comes with merit badges. We see
something that pisses us off, we deal with it. They see
something that pisses them off, they make a big deal of
being stoic about it and letting everyone else know
exactly how long-suffering they are. Well, gee, guys,
that's just great. We'll give you a medal for putting up
with more crap than anyone else, but in the meantime,
we've got stuff to do.

So go on, stand there. Do what you gotta do, in your
own time and your own way. And when it's all over, we'll
let you know exactly how we kicked your teeth in.

SI

la


é

NUNNEHI

There are about four thousand types of Nunnehi out
there, nearas! can tell. You've got everything from giants
made out of rock to, well, things I can't even put aname
on. They're everywhere and they can do stuff that we just
don't have a handle on.

So you know what? Most redcaps avoid 'em. If you
can't deal with it, don't. It's anice, simple rule of thumb,
and it works great. We don't bother them, they don't
} bother us and everyone's happy.

| DENIZENS

We keep hearing a lot about the Dark-kin, but
they've been damn slow to show their faces around us.
I've only met or heard of a few and of those I was only
interested in two. The lled keremet are driven by
hunger, so I hear. I'd like to meet one and see who chows
down on whom. From what I hear they have no emo-
tions, so how anyone knows what they feel is beyond me,
but what the hell? They wanna eat at my trough they
better be planning to come armed. The other type,
naraka, I take a little more seriously. I've seen one in
action and I gotta tell ya, popping out extra arms and
doing the whirlwind killing thing is pretty impressive.
Not that we couldn't take 'em if we had to. Still, we might
want to look into the naraka and see if we can't find some
new chums who share our goals. I don't see anybody
askin' them to the Grand Duke's party either.

Much as we'd like it to be that way, Kithain ain't the
only fish in the big, dark sea. The world's a nasty place,
full of nasty people and nasty things, and we've just got
to be nastier than everyone else in it if we wanna survive.

Wedoh dvantage on the rest of the freakin'
zoo, though. We know they're out there. They don't
know boo about us. It kinda tilts the odds in our favor.

58a Ey,

RRA RARER RMR RAS

You know, a friend of mine who's a real hard case
made a very interesting discovery about vampires. He
said (and mind you, this is just what he said — I don't
know if this is true or not) that you can tie one down,
chop a bit off for a snack and, as long as you keep feeding
it, it grows back! Mind you, he also said that it tasted like
crap, and something's gotta be pretty damn foul for a
redcap to think it's skunky.

On a more serious note, there are some redcaps out
there who say that vampires are just redcaps gone way,
way out of whack, and that sooner or later they're gonna
come back to their roots. I don't know about that, but I
do know that they've got something in common with us.
It's less than you'd think, though, and they're way too
wrapped up in their own little world. If they notice you
at all, they're gonna think of you as something to use. So
don't let em notice you unless it's on your terms, and
remember that you know a little bit about how they

think. That's useful.

WEREWOLVES

Well, let's see. They're big, they've got big teeth,
they like wrecking stuff and they don't ask questions
before they tear into stuff. Works for me.

As long as there have been people, there have been
people who poked their noses into places they had no
business going. That hasn't changed one bit. There are
still nosy bastards out there trying to figure out what's
really going on, and they're still convinced they're smarter
and better than everyone else. Funny, though, they don't
think they're so smart or so good when you're about to put
the bite on them. Get 'em out of their element and
they're like scared little kids.

I like scaring little kids. Don't you?

WRAITHS

Dead people can be a royal pain in the ass. They can
do crap to you that's just plain weird, and you can't hit
back. Plus, if you're in the habit of making people get
suddenly dead, those people tend to be a bit annoyed
afterward.

The good news is that, for whatever reason, there
have been a lot fewer ghosts around lately. I don't know
why this is and I don't care. It just makes my life easier.

CHAPTER THREE: SHUT YOUR BIG MOUTH 33

>
wh)

VX

=

ee

<6
‘a

ae

Ves
% >
B

oY 6

IES

LSS)

Yeah, yeah, I know. You're sitting there won-
dering why we've got such a bad opinion of
everyone. "Surely," you're saying to yourself,
"surely not every redcap feels that way. Surely
there are some Seelie redcaps who have a higher
opinion of, say, the sidhe than I do of the crud on
the bottom of my boot. Surely..." Well, you get
the idea. The answer, if you've gotta know, is that
yeah, there are a few of us out there who, for
whatever misguided reason, are into that sort of
thing. Now I'm no expert on the way they feel,
but I can make a guess. And if you don't like what
I come up with, well, you're free to try to find a
Seelie redcap and ask yourself. Good luck if you
guess wrong, though.

They're hard-working bastards, sort of a blue
collar kith. That's the best thing about them. Not
a pretentious bone in their bodies. You know
where these guys stand on everything, even if it's
on the other side of the line. You can't always like
"em, but you can at least respect ‘em.

Hey, they talk to us. Maybe we're just an-
other audience — and let's face it, these guys are
desperate for an audience — but at least it's nice
to be able to talk t without promising
six times that you're not g ite their arm off.

They're decent to hang around with if you can
get them to shut up. They want to tell you how
every last detail of whatever they've made works
when you just want to know how touse it to turn big
problems into little ones. Fortunately, it's pretty
easy to get them to shut up. You just find the right
spot and squeeze.

They're harmless, and they're the only kith that
doesn't really give us much crap. That's probably because
they're not in a position to give anyone crap, but there
you have it. Who cares about motivations? It's results
that matter.

The satyrs are the only other guys out there who
really know what it's like to need to cut loose. Everyone

else isa little too restrained. These guys understand what
being hungry — for something — is. It isn't often that

34

KITHBOOK: REDCAPS


gay,

»

xy

SY Sate

—

7

you meet someone who knows where you're coming
from, but this is as close as we get.

There's something to be said for discipline and order,
and the best of the sidhe have that. They're not all stuck-
up pricks. Some of them really care, and really doa lot of
work to make their fiefdoms better. You just have to
make sure you hook up with the right kind.

) Well, none of the stories they tell about the sluagh

have ever been proven. That's got to count for something.
Maybe. One of these days.

Trolls give good scrap. You can respect ‘em
for being tougher than just about anyone else
out there, and for knowing how to control that.
It'd be real easy for them to lose control and just
go nuts, just like it'd be easy for us. But they
don't, and more power to 'em for it.

...and that's it. Remember, though, the
opinions here ain't necessarily the opinions of
management. I wouldn't bet anything impor-
tant on any redcap you meet feeling this way.
Then again, | ain't you, either.

DEPLOYS

%

—sS
Ss

SS
Al

N)

CHAPTER THREE: SHUT YOUR BIG MOUTH

A
nA

A
is
x
Re
iS
a
Ss
Ww
%
SS
(2
LS
nA
ez

o

\e,

HUNTERS

People, as a rule, are nuts. That's a given. However,
some people are nuttier than others. If you see a guy
standing there and squinting at you like you've got three
heads, get scarce, fast. You never know if he's looking at
you or really looking at you, and you just don't want to
take that chance.

Besides, you can always come back for him later.

THALLAIN
So th | things that are like us,

but worse? Worse? How, I ask you, can there be anything
worse than a pissed-off redcap who's feeling hungry and
looking at you? Please.

Besides, even if there were something like that, you
think I'd tell you about it and give you one more reason
to treat me and my kind like freaks? Good lad. You're
getting smarter.

The world is a big, scary place. It's got dark corners
and scary things in it, and it links to places that you ain't
never dreamed of. Some of those links are open. Some
ain't. And some that used to be closed ain't closed no
more, which means that bad things are coming through.

We've seen these things before, long ago and far
away. They're legends, even to us— the things from back
home in Arcadia. They're not supposed to be here
anymore. They're not supposed to want to be here.
They're not even supposed to be able to last long in the
cold, hard world.

But I've seen'em. They're back. And that means that
redcaps just might have to turn into monster hunters
again.

KITHBQQK: REDCAPS

There used to be Nunnehi like us. At least, that's how
the stories I've heard go, and I know better than to doubt
stories, right? Anyway, these Nunnehi were called "big
heads" because they were nothing but giant heads that

any damn thing they came across, and they were always
hungry. They'd even eat people, not that I see anything
particularly wrong with that.
Anyway, there's a story about how one time, a brave
was alone in the forest doing something or other (the
}. j }

version I

l enape but] don'

folklore experts on a regular basis, so go figure) when a big
head came and sat down next to his campfire. Now, the
brave knew that he d,b big head would
as soon eat him as look at him, but this one was feeling
ithi bi (Yeah, they had

one eye. It doesn't matter much, in the long run) and said

would

chatty. Itlooked at hi

=}

"What are you doing?"

Now the brave, who was quicker on the uptake than
the big head, decided that lying through his teeth was the
better part of survival, so he g 1 to th Is of his fire
and said, "I'm cooking nuts." The big head decided it was in
the mood for an appetizer and said, "Oh? Let me eat them."
The brave said "Sure," got out of the way, and watched the

big head chow down on a pile of hot coals.

Scratch one big head, and I don't mean because of
dandruff. The | p what was left of the fi d g
the hell out of there, and lived happily ever after, or
something. And that's the end.

So, what have we learned from this story? If you were

paying attention, you learned several things:
On e: TI ay a | J. +}
lived around here. The important phrase there is "used to

LRT: 1s

Two: Bigheads were really, really dumb. This explains
why there are no more big heads.
Look, we' OK? We're!

vam eet Af
SOrt OF d

Weare that

sharp, pointy
Dyk y

be
}

teeth. But there's a reason we're still here and the big heads

,
aren't, and that

1.1 » |. |.
than they were. Just

deciding that you've got a big mouth and the world is your
smorgasbord ain't enough. It never has been. If that's all we
were, we'd be gone now, too.

We're not, though. We're still here. Think about
what that means.


FE

SS
ES


L\

Hoa

Q

Q
———,

N56

&,

Sure, most of us come from the same basic blueprint.
After all, when you've got something that works, you
stick with it. Sharks ain't the most advanced fish in the
sea, but the basic design does exactly what it's supposed
to. That's why they've been around so long in more or less
the same shape. Some of the variations on the theme
haven't worked out, but by and large, the basic design
works just fine, thanks. And when you think about it,
there ain't that many differences between sharks and us.
You eat and you keep moving — what else do you need?

Be that as it may, however, there are a few cadet
branches of the good old redcap family tree. The folks I'm
talking about ain't exactly redcaps, but they're closer to
us than anything else, and if you go back far enough on

hie farnil Po an }
the tamily tree you might start finding

It's pretty obvious if an area belongs to
a river hag, if you know what to look for.
They leave signs all along their territory -
usually skeletons of river animals draped in
duckweed or some such. The signs aren't
plastered in the middle of the highways, but
they're there if you have the brains to look
for them. Hags aren't stupid people. They'd
rather keep you away than have to maul you.

both sides, if you take my meaning. Then again, you
might not, but you get the feeling that your grandpappy
and their great-grandma's fooled around a bit when they
thought the grownups weren't looking.

What I'm talking about here is, big surprise, river
hags (though I'm told that some of them prefer the term
"flumeno-carnivo-kithanians" Whatever. When you're
muck-green and have a mouth like a sewer grate, |
suppose you'll take whatever you can get.) and their ilk.

ow, I've heard some folks get up on their high and holy
horses and declaim that river hags started out as god-
desses of particular streams and whatnot, and that they
got uglier and more antisocial as the old ways fell out of
favor. | don't know anything about that. What I do know
is that you do find river hags living in places where the
banks are treacherous and the waters are fast and deep.
You find them in places where rivers tend to swallow
small children without a trace. You find them, in other
words, in places where the river feeds.

Sounds like us, don't it? That really sounds like us.

So for all intents and purposes, you can lump us and
the river hags together. How can you tell the difference?
Well, first of all, why would you want to? I mean, if you're
close enough to be wondering about identifying marks,
you're too close, if you know what I'm saying. Still, let me
give you a basic overview:

They're ugly. Next question?

Oh, you want more details than that? Picky bastard,
aren't you?

Your average river hag is about as attractive as a corpse
that's been held underwater for a week and then spanked
and sent downstream. They're either bloated as all get-out
or thin and twisted like a mess of willow twigs. The bloated
ones tend to have big, sloppy mouths that can take a child
at one gulp, while the skinny j
need to chow down. Both kinds, of course, have nice teeth

: : dal

OS 5
open wide when they

—ifyou' ps as your models
for such things. Larger hags are prone to pug noses and big
ears, while the skinnier ones tend towards hook noses and

sometimes no ears at all.


eE=_

The heftier hags tend to have short arms and short
fingers. They're more interested in letting dinner get
close to them before stuffing it into their mouths. Skin-
nier ones are proactive. They'll come up to theb
reach out, wrapping those long fingers around the ankles
of whatever's come too close to the bank and pulling
them in.

River hags come ina wide variety of colors, but none
of them are attractive unless you're either a sluagh or a
dung beetle. There's bloated corpse white, river muck
green, decaying leaf brown, mottled variations on all
three — you get the idea. A lot of them have yellow eyes
that actually glow in the dark, and they can see underwa-
teras wellas you or! can see on land. I've heard talk about
a "nictitating membrane," whatever the hell that is, but
the short version is that they're built to be very good at
what they do.

And no, what they do isn't very nice.

HABITS

They eat. They patrol their sections of river. Every so
often, they put on their nice clothes and go to town.
What more is there to it?
OK, there's plenty more. River hags are pretty much
tied toa particular river, ifnot a particular stretch of river.
Their mortal seemings always end up living right on the
water, with some sort of job that ties into the whole thing
— fishing, piloting a tug, writing reports as an environ-
mental whackjob, you get the idea. That way, whenever
they need to get into the water, they can do so with a
minimum of fuss. That al hey know good pl
to hide the bodies. That is, for those rare occasions when
! they leave bodies, anyway.
When they're at their haggish best, the ladies tend
| not to leave the water. Rumor has it that they can't do so
| for more than a few days at a time, anyway, and they have

to stick close to their home rivers. Water ain't just water,

it seems — it's got to be the specific stuff. It's a tradeoff,
I suppose — we've got our deal, they've got their rivers.
On the whole I think we got the better deal, but it's not
like I've had extensive debates with anyone on the
matter.

8
%

River hags tend to go after three sorts of folks: The
mean, the stupid and trespassers.

Mean is a no-brainer. I mean, let's face it, anyone
who's a rat bastard to a hag's stretch of river isn't going to
be on the list of favorite people. A hag's got to live in her
river, after all, and if you choke the damn thing with
ps and dead fish, odds are that whoever's
living in the middle of that crap isn't going to be happy.
Anyone who makes that sort of mess is fair game, and I
wish 'em luck if they get too close to the water's edge at
the right hour of the night.

Trespassers are a whole other kettle of fish, but again,
you can understand why exactly they're not welcomed
with open arms. (Well, they are, but in the non-idiom-
atic sense.) River hags are very protective of their terri-
tory. They don't like unannounced visitors. If you're
going to go see a hag, the best thing to do is to stand well
back from the water, announce you're coming and then
throw a dead sheep hing in there. If you're lucky,
you'll see a bit of thrashing around as the bribe vanishes,
and then you'll get the high sign to come on down for a
visit. If not, then turn around and go home. If they don't
want you there, then you don't want to be there.

sludge and k

However, there's no shortage of idiots in the world.
You'd be amazed at how many people (okay, sidhe and
their toadies) think there's nothing better to do on a
Sunday afternoon than to go down to the local scenic
riverbank and try to clobber a river hag for the sheer fun
of it. We've got a word for this where I come from, kids.
The word is "dumb." First of all, if you don't bother a hag,
she's not going to bother you. Second of all, challenging
ahag on her home turf isn't the wisest tactical move. And
third of all, even if you manage to win the fight, what
exactly have you proved? It's not like she won't be back
the next day, unless you used cold iron, and even the
stodgiest and snottiest sidhe don't do that too often. It's
a lot of risk, for very little gain — it's not like the hags are
keeping anyone from crossing the river anywhere else
except their little patch of turf, but time and again, that
just ain't good enough for some.

SEX

¥:

ae

|


+

Asa result, the hags tend to get very deft
anyone who comes trotting in uninvited. Even idiots
who have no idea that it's river hag territory tend to be
antisocial once they figure out who's in charge, and the
hags don't bother putting up with that.

Stupid is a bit more difficult to quantify. This is
mostly the "tragic accident" category — pets drowned,
little kids who played too close to the water's edge, you
get the idea. It's not nice, no. It's mean and vicious and
cruel. But you know what? So's the world.

Look, river hags weren't put here to make the world
a nicer, happier place. They're here as a reminder that
rivers are dangerous places, that riverbanks are slippery
and water doesn't let you go once it has you. They're not
supposed to protect puppies or save kids from drowning.
Don't try to fit them into some black-and-white morality
of good/bad. They've got a job to do on direct orders from
the universe, and they do it. End of story. Don't blame
them for what they are or what they have todo. Youdon't
have to like it, but that's the way it is.

River hags take tremendous advantage of the fact
that they can stay underwater basically forever. Get into
a fight with one and she'll try to drag you into the water,
then hold you down until you drown. There's nothing
fancy about it. They'll just grab a hold of you and pin you

Aj lleh pe re We Astes 1k bh

rH |
until y p

g p g g
Most of the time, they'll have beams or branches or

boulders ready to stash you under, so they don't even
need to hold you down themselves. They'll just swim off
about five feet, then, and watch you drown.

If the snatch and grab doesn't work, they're still
pretty tough. They're strong as hell and have teeth like,
well, like a redcap's, and the skinny ones tend to have
claws, too. Plus, they can bend like a sluagh after a six-
pack of Mad Dog and try to rip your guts out with their
feet. It's a whole different style of fighting underwater,
and they're damned good at it.

Get one up on land, of course, and it's a whole other
story. But generally they're too smart to fall for that sort
of thing. Generally, that is.

Now, you might have heard stories about how some-
times river maidens are just these sweet, innocent pretty
young things. If you believe that, I've got King David's
winkie in a bag to sell you, cheap. That's just bullshit, an
illusion. Oh, sure, a lot of hags are good at making
themselves seem pretty for an hour or a day — the upper
limit seems to be a year and a day, in most cases — but in
the end, it all goes wrong. Most hags are smart enough to
use good looks just as a lure to get particularly choice
specimens into their nets. Others fall for that whole
romance trip. You've got to pity those, because there's no
way it can ever work out long term. It's sad, really, but
then again, they should know what they're getting into.

Y
=)

SPN

—


a Vx

Playing a river hag is similar to playing a normal redcart h ter, but th t (ys)
A river hag cannot have an Appearance of more than 1. "ey
"ABILITIES (ey

A river hag must take at least two dots in the Skill: Swimming, and one dot in Brawl ®

River hags are, for the most part, solitary creatures, and that should be reflected in

Backgrounds chosen for the character. 6,
~~

*"BIRTHRIGHTS AND FRAILTIES (S
River hags get the usual redcap package, plus an added Birthright and Frailty. The former is Vy)
the ability to breath | indefinitely, the latter an inability to stray from their home river =)
for more than a week. At the end of that period, the hag is forced to return home and immerse S
erselfi li g i orelse wither at the rate of one level of aggravated i)
damage per day (which cannot be healed outside of the hag's home waters). &
| "ROLEPLAYING WW
5 River hags are, by and large, not well liked in Kithain society. Furthermore, their unique mS)
situation regarding their home rivers makes it difficult to integrate a river hag into a group. With (=
that in mind, Storytellers should confine the action to an area around the hag's home stretch of BK
river, or provide a plot device allowing the hag's player to stay involved if the game moves too far Sy]
away (though that can make for a compelling plot hook on its own). NS
A player wishing to take the part of a river hag in a game needs to have a very good reason a)
for one of these solitary creatures to join up with other characters. Moreover, there is the whole SY]
question of how comfortable someone should be playing a character who may well have drowned (S
children. Saying "my character is the nice river hag" just doesn't cut it, and a Storyteller should & >

think long and hard before allowing a river hag character in her game.

ms,
eS
ws
e
2

y

PS)
a
CHAPTER THREE: SHIT YOUR BIG MOUTH Wy)

ss we

SF


My ;


a

AY a\
VOL
*.

VA
ee,

=

A

a

NES

Shabbyman wears an old coat and a rust-
colored hat, pulled down low over his eyes.
He's short and squat, with arms that are a bit
too long and legs that bend in just the wrong
way. They say his eyes are blue and his ez 24
smile is kind, but there's no one who'd x" Va
know who's still among the living. Ki

Shabbyman lives in alleys and
side streets, under manholes and
around the corner, but he's always by himself.
Even if they can't explain why, other folk sense
something g I he Shabk The
don't want to get too close, and don't want
to stay close if he gets near them. You'll
never find Shabbyman warming his
hands around a trash barrel fire and
telling stories with others; folks would
rather be out in the cold than share
warmth with the Shabbyman.

They say Shabbyman's got some /
peculiar appetites. He likes chil-
dren, or so the story goes, nice
plump little girls and boys who
wander away from home.


Shabbyman's the real reason sweet, innocent little chil-
dren shouldn't run away from home, because he's waiting
for them. When they go one block too far or make the
decision that they're not going back, that's when the
Shabbyman knows who they are. When they stop for the
night or turn into a dark place to hide, that's when he
knows where to find them. And then they lay down to
sleep or close their eyes and pray that it's all going to go
away, that's when he's suddenly there.

They say he's looking for the taste of innocence, and
that once he finds it he'll fall to dust. He hasn't found
it yet, though, and so he persists. He's been seen in
every corner of the map, in every city and freehold.
He doesn't bother wilders or grumps, though he's
been known to tip his hat and laugh at those
who recognize him. If politely escorted froma
duchy, Shabbyman will go, but if anyone
tries to force him out, the price in tears and
blood is always high.

Shabbyman is welcome inno court
L: A_é HI

ye notmat

him much. He's old, so old that no
one can remember a time when
there weren't stories of the Shabbyman lurking in the
alleys and tenements. There are stories about him, or
someone who looked very much like him, stalking the
streets of New York during the draft riots of 1863, and in
a hundred places and times since then. Whether any of
the tales are true or not has become immaterial; he has
become legend. Every unexplained disappearance of a
childling— or a child — gets laid at his feet; every newly
als. pS Z 1

Line? ay ChLablL
10n tnat

Die r
has somehow been involved.

And by making Shabbyman part of their nightmares,
the other fae have made Shabbyman himself into some-
thing far, far worse than he could ever have been on his
own.

Changelings are creatures of dream, after all, made
from imagination and fevered belief. What, then, might
happen when changelings tl lvesd one of their
own? What if that dream is a nightmare?

And that is the story of Shabbyman, or at least its
beginning.

SIMON COLD

Simon's one of the oldest of the redcaps in the
Kingdom of Apples, but "old" doesn't mean "slow,"
"tired" or "well-behaved." In truth, he's one of the
wickedest souls the kith has ever spit out into the world,

§4 KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

and he's working hard to remove the words "one of" from
his description.

Simon lives in the Pine Barrens of New Jersey, a huge
tract of pine forest, swamp and bog that stretches over 1/
6th of the state. Most of the Barrens are impenetrable
forest, dotted here and there with small communities of
greater or lesser repute, old ironworks and the occasional
state park. The rest of the Barrens is left to wild animals,
wilder people and legends — including Simon Cold.

You have to go deep into the Barrens to get to
Simon's place, though there's no good reason to want to.
He lives ina shack way the hell and gone off the few roads
that cut through the thickest parts of the Barrens, but the
cabin's just the center of his domain. The forest for miles
around is dotted with snares and traps, both real and
chimerical, and the woods are filled with critters he's
found, named and tamed. On second thought, "tamed" is
perhaps the wrong word — "broken to his will" seems
more appropriate. Every Friday and Saturday night, Simon
calls the beasts to his shack and then follows them on his
own little Wild Hunt, and heaven help any soul who gets
in his way.

Simon's also fond of inspecting what he catches in
his traps and letting the meat age properly, as he puts it.
A traveler caught in one of Cold's snares can expect to
see Simon's grinning face within the hour, but may not

Be |

| be released for days. Then again,
1, L LI

» L ea:
§ wWilat ommno;n

into his web, being caught and
| hung upside down by the ankle for a week may seem a
kindness.
It's been said that Simon got his name from his habit
of leaving the heart of the Barrens during winter to go
trading and hunting. Since others only saw him during
| winter, he picked up the name "Simon Cold" as a result.
A more intriguing (and slightly less believable) version
r of the tale has Simon bringing winter winds with him out
| of the heart of the forest, but even the most persistent
| eshu has trouble finding anyone who admits to believing
that any more.

Thankfully, Simon doesn't venture outside the Bar-
rens often. He's content to let folks come to him, though
no one's quite sure why they do. For a while there was

interest among certain sidhe circles in putting an end to

i Simon, but every attempt came to naught. The knights'
spurs and other accouterments were returned home,
eventually, but of the knights
themselves there was
| never any trace.

—— $Qul
There are red-
| cap knights hither

d i LSS
and yon, ut

Desmond willnever ND

| be one of them. WH
P That's

not to say that he hasn't been offered the honor. Indeed,
he's refused it more times than he cares to count. He just
won't accept it under any circumstances, usually begging
off by claming that he hasn't yet "earned the right."
Desmond is a veteran of more battles, ambushes and
brawls than any three knights one would care to name.
What it will take for Desmond to feel that he's finally
ready for knighthood is unknown, but the suspicion in
certain circles is that it involves moving mountains,
shaking the very pillars of heaven or emulating the
Twelve Labors of Hercules. More sober souls suspect that
Desmond won't be happy until he gets himself killed in
the line of duty, but they keep such thoughts to them-
selves.

At the moment, Desmond is an itinerant warrior,
moving fi battled tto embattled t offering
his services. Those who treat him graciously can expect
his help, which is impressive indeed. Those who treat
him rudely or roughly, he leaves to their inevitable fate
without a word. As for those who seek to lay hands upon

or slay him, they'd do better opening their gates to the
enemy than angering Desmond.

In his own mind, Desmond has mixed a little of
littl ilegendry anda little of
the classic Arthurian notion of chivalry and
come up witha code of honor that he uses to
rein in his native ferocity. However,

Desmond is hardly what one would

call tame — he insists on eating apart
Camioth

his heritage.a
5

he can relax
his iron control of himself, at least for a
little while. Those who spy on him
under such circumstances
regret doing so,

CHAPTER FOUR: LEGENDS

§3

oo

L?

fa
S

ce)

4)

RS

RR

4

RANK

|
W
<y
es
&

pie


5

a

>

ae,

Lf

Cory

aD.

9,
ra:

SIC

bx

(KE
> ag:
KK

at least briefly. Desmond is not fond of his less civilized
side, and will go to great lengths to hide it from view.

Desmond is tall for a redcap, and unusually broad.
His cap is rather dull, all things considered, and no one
has ever witnessed him re-dyeing it. Generally, Desmond
wears nondescript clothes. The only remarkable item he
carries is a short-handled, double-bladed axe, which he
swings with great skill and, should the occasion call for it,
delicacy.

Weedy Peg lives down by the riverside. She's not the
first hag to live down there and she won't be the last, but
she's there now, and the ladies of the court tell the
childlings not to go down there. "Weedy Peg will get
you," they say, "if you venture too close to the water.
Weedy Peg will pull you in."

They're wrong, of course. If Weedy Peg waited for her
prey to get to the waterside, she'd starve. She's a proac-
tive sort of hag, though she's careful not to let word of
that get out.

\

KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

Y

Indeed, Peg is careful to let herself be seen only by the
riverside, and then only for brief occasions. Too long a
glimpse and folks might notice that she's not as old as one
might think, or that she doesn't look too much like the
Weedy Peg who used to haunt that particular stretch of
river. In truth, Peg's the latest in a long line of river hags
lar stretch their own; when the

who've called this parti
old one's about to move on, her heir mysteriously arrives
and sets up camp. The old hag instructs her successor as
to the legends and secrets of the place, and then expires
about as gently as a redcap might.

The new Weedy Peg then makes the name and
position officially hers by eating her predecessor, but only
as a mark of respect. The chain has continued unbroken
for centuries, and there's no reason to expect that this
Weedy Peg will be the last one. She's just another link in
a long and notorious chain. And if this one looks a little
le-toothed gh, well, none of

young or not qui
the witnesses will be around long enough to complain.


%

K

4

oa

In these dark times, bands of marauding redcaps seem
to be everywhere. They waylay travelers, sack the occa-
sional freehold and otherwise terrorize the landscapes,
and do so with an unrestrained ferocity that inspires both
legends and sleepless nights in their opponents — or
potential prey.

They show no mercy when they fight, for they know
they'll be shown none, and in the meantime, at least,
they've not suffered a single defeat.

As for Wrack, he takes the forefront in every battle,
swinging a scythe that is half again as tall as he is, but
which he moves with inhuman speed. He's everywhere
on the battlefield at once, and fights like he's got eyes in

re

:
Xd

aA

e,

the back of his head. In between fights, he's a meticulous
planner and strategist. He wastes few words, and can
whip his troop into a frenzy with a few pointed sentences.
He is, in truth, one of the most dangerous Kithain loose
in all of Concordia.

What's worse is that in the last couple of months, he's

dropped clear off the map. No one knows where he or his
£1] 1 C.

ms,
Of all the redcap bands, none is more fearsome than ~
the one led by the self—titled Captain Wrack. Wrack's (a
a fearsome fellow, all tangled limbs and sharp teeth, and
he keeps perhaps the most vicious band of redcap cut-
throats in Concordia under his iron thumb. When he
turns them loose, they're an unholy terror, but when he
says the word, they're as quiet and well-behaved as
church mice. That's when one should fear them the most,
however, as Wrack is no doubt thinking up some new
deviltry to inflict upon the countryside.

Captain Wrack came by his title and troop
honestly; that is to say, he bullied, beat and bit his
way up the chain of command. When he was but a
childling he organized a gang of ruffians and
thieves that terrorized the court of Portland, but
he soon graduated to bigger things. A stint as a
b hunter of chimera didn't satisfy his innate
bloodlust, so he moved on to bigger and
better prey. In short order he was declared
I an outlaw and a price put on his head,
but that tack backfired. The longer
he endured as a hunted criminal,
the more his fame grew and

fos 4
ative iriend

j,}
,and that y

put
and foe alike — very nervous indeed.

the more other miscreants
flocked to his banner.
These days, Wrack
, has over two dozen red-
caps and others fight-
| ing under his bloody
rag banner, all well
disciplined and
out for the kill.

CHAPTER FOUR: LEGENDS



|

oe
J
‘a

Ss

Quote: Mister Fancypants Duke is going to be riding
through here later this morning. He's gonna look really pretty
when he does it, too. He's gonna have his bright, shiny armor
on, and his bright, shiny sword, and his bright, shiny shield,
and he's gonna think that nothin' in the world can touch him.
And you know what? I'm gonna shove it all right down his
throat, just to prove him wrong.

Background: Every schoolyard has one kid like you.
There's always one kid who likes wrecking everyone
else's games, knocking down everyone else's sandcastles
and breaking everyone else's toys. Oh, sure, there were
reasons for your being alittle slice of hell on earth, but the
other kids didn't know or care. They closed ranks against
you, which meant that you had to be that much more
aggressive to get their attention. Breaking toys turned
into beating other kids up, and when the thrill of simple
fisticuffs failed, you got your hands on a knife.

oY

J)

That's when your past and your future caught up with
you in one fell swoop. Your little escapade with the knife
got you thrown out of school. Getting thrown out of
school got you thrown out of your house, not that you
were sad to leave that place behind.

And suddenly, on your own in a
world much bigger and scarier
than the schoolyard, you discov-
ered what you truly were.

Other Kithain found you,
scrounging out a life in the / x

gutter, but they learned
quickly that you weren't
interested in their com-
pany. They left you alone,
and that's how you liked it;
anyone who got too close was
liable to end up as dinner.
Things changed,
though, when every-
thing went to hell in
Concordia. You didn't
give a rat's ass about poli-
tics, but the people who'd
been scrupulously avoiding 3)
you did, and suddenly you a ‘e
were very, veryusefultothem. Peggy
A proposition was made: You ;

had carte blanche to do ~~. 4

KITHBOOK: ibe"

q
SPUNK 6
G EY Nl i

A eh
we
e

whatever the hell you wanted, as long as you did it to the
right people. You laughed and signed on. Someone
actually wanted you to turn yourself loose? It was a dream
come true.

In your "benefactors" eyes, you're a loose cannon
pointed at the enemy. In your eyes, they're giving you an
excuse to do what you want anyway. In the meantime,
you're both getting what you want out of the arrange-
ment. You wreak havoc on the nobles and their support-
ers wherever you find them and then vanish back into the
night. Your thought you were that bright,
but you've discovered you've got quite a knack for plan-
ning and preparation — at least where ambushes and
bushwhackings are concerned.

Sooner or later, you know that the enemy is going to
come after you in force. That doesn't bother you one bit;
you'll send the survivors screaming for their mommies.
After all, you already know what it's like to take on the
whole schoolyard. The stakes may be higher now, but
nothing else has really changed.

And that's why you're going to win.

Concept: You're an utter liability in peacetime, but
now war is here and you're in your element. You live to tear
things down, and now you're getting your chance. You
answer to no commander and no liege; you're your own
master and that suits you just fine. All that your so-called
peers ask you to do is to take what the other side has and
wreck it, with-nary a thought to the consequences, and
that's exactly how you like it. Stand-up fights are for
suckers. You're here to win, and to win your way.

You don't hate nobles or sidhe or anyone else

particularly. You just hate everyone equally, and
ituation gives you the best chance to
spread a little pain around on your terms.

y Roleplaying Hints: You live to fight
fap dirty and win, and to see the fear in an
enemy's eyes when he figures out that you're
going to kill him. Indulge in penny-ante
sadism when you get the chance. Word

always gets out about that sort of thing,

"A and it makes future targets that
much more scared of you. If
| |they're scared, they're that
7 much easier to bring down.
You've got bigger appetites

‘> than even most of your fel-
low redcaps, so sate yourself

in whatever manner seems con-

well, hey, the bigger

venient. Andif that
your legend gets, the better.

y


SX SSS

aie,

GIRO RTO
9 * JOSS OSGI: we F|

™=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold =

Cxperience: [

Banalizy
@e@e@eoooo0od0od
OOOOOOO000

=Birchrights/ Frailcies=

Dark Appetite
Bully Browbeat
Flaw: Bad Attitude

NN Name: Court: Unseetie Seeming: Wilder

A) Player: Legacies: Savage/Hermit Kith: Redeap

\ Chronicle: House: Motley:

‘ —(\ccRIiOUTES

n\ Physical Social CDenczal

/) Strength @@@@0 Charisma @0000 Perception @@000

ik Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence @@000

; Stamina @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits @@e@00

3) ‘Talents Skills Knouiledges

N Alertness @@000 Crafts OOO0O0O Computer 00000

\ Athletics @@000 Drive @@000 Enigmas @0000

GY Brawl @@@00 Etiquette OOO0O0O Gremayre @0000

| Dodge @0000 Firearms @ee@00 | igati @@000

A) Empathy 00000 Leadership 00000 Law @0000

\ Intimidation. @@000 Melee @@@00 Linguistics OQOO00O

Ny Kenning @0000 Performance 00000 Lore 00000

iN Persuasion. OOOOO Security @0000 Medicine OO000

n| Streetwise @@000 Stealth, @0000 Politics 00000

) Subterfuge OOOOO Survival OOOO0O Science 00000

| IN

nN —/\dvancages

/\ Backgrounds . RTS Realms

3) Contacts e@e000 Primal @@000 Actor @@000
Resources e000 Wayfare @0000 Fae 0000

i Treasures @0000 00000 Nature @0000

b\ 00000 ooooo S¢ene @0000

_ 00000 00000 00000

A) ——Ocher Traits —— Glamour Heath-==————

4) & @ e@eoo0o00oo0oo Real Chimerical

D| Bruised O O

/) NQOOOOOO0OO0D Lure 1 a oO

‘ ; Injured | QO

; Cilfpower Wounded 2 Q

©@©8@@00000 Maled 2 9 2

s) QOO0000000 Crippled 5 O Q

A Incapacitated QO Oo

es

Ky

Quote: Hey, guys, what'll you give me if I eat this frog?
That's all? What if I eat two frogs, huh? OK, they'll both be
alive when I eat them — but you guys have to catch them and
wash them. And no using soap this time, huh guys? Please?

Background: It'snevera good thing to come into the
world and have "My God, he's huge!" be the doctor's first
words. You were, to put it mildly, a large baby, and you've
lived up to the promise of your infancy with verve. Early
on, relatives remarked on your healthy appetite and size.
Aunts were impressed by what a big boy you were, and
uncles made half-serious comments about what a great
football player you were likely to be. Dad was impressed
by his little big man, and Mom abjured you to finish
everything on your plate.

She needn't have worried. You were born with an
appetite that could only be described as legendary, and
you indulged it with a will. By the time you got to
elementary school, your parents were actually starting to
get a little concerned. After all, they knew that other
children could be cruel to anyone different, and your
height and weight definitely made you stand out.

V

V/

UY XR

XS

27

In truth, their concerns had some justification. The
first few months were hellish, as the smaller kids ganged
up on and teased you. They used words like "fatty" and
made fun of how much you ate at lunch.

Then one day, your salvation arrived. You were just
finishing lunch when you noticed one of the other kids
— one of your usual tormentors, in fact — looking at you
oddly. He offered you a quarter if you'd eat the bag your
lunch came in, too. Fortunately, you'd brown bagged it
that day, so you tore a piece off and stuffed it in your
mouth. You noticed as you did this that the other kids
weren't making fun of you any more. They were all
watching you with rapt fascination. Suddenly, you were
the center of attention and you liked that.

You also noticed that the kid who'd offered you the
quarter to eat the bag didn't look quite human any more,
but you put that out of your mind and finished eating the
bag. The other kids laughed and yelled, but they didn't
make fun of you. Soon it became a routine — when the
lunch lady wasn't looking, you'd eat something ridicu-
lous to amuse your new friends.

Your parents had no idea what you were doing, but
they were pleased that you seemed happier at school.

They were even more pleased that other children,
especially the one who'd started the whole thing that

oN 12 KITHBOOK: RECAPS

RD

<

fateful day, were now coming over to play. And if occa-
sionally they listened in and heard you and your friends
playing "make believe" with elves and monsters, well, it
was just good that you were developing a healthy imagi-
nation.

So now you're part of the local childling scene, and
happy to be there. You've got friends to go on adventures
with, and they're glad to have you with them. How could
things be any better?

Concept: You're not "big-boned." You're just plain
big. You're after one thing and one thing only (well, two,
really, if you include food) — attention. You like having
friends, and hanging onto them is the most important
thing in the world to you. If you have to play the clown
to get them to like you and hang around, you'll do it.
After all, you figure that you were given this particular
talent for a reason. Why not use it to make yourself
happy?

Roleplaying Hints: Do anything within reason (and
you've got a pretty generous definition of reason) to get
attention. If that means swal-
lowing live frogs and gar-
gling Top Job, well,doit. J
As long as it leaves your 4
friends laughing, go for
it. However, if anyone
tries to mess with
your little ca-
bal, turn
nasty.

1
See d
( ty

After
all, they're the only
audience you've
got.


i?

y

?

N Name: Court: Unseetie Seeming: Childling if »)
AY Player: Legacies: Wretch/Orchid Kith: Recap f: J
") Chronicle: House: Motley: SY,
n\ > P tS

‘ W\ccRiOutes— >)
n) Physical Social (Dencal (ce
§ Strength. @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception e@e@e@00 —,
( Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @e@e00 NS)
2 Stamina_____@@@@O Appearance___@@000 Wits eecoo (&

DN

ddilities (S
<j Talents Skills Knowledges (¢ J
N Alertness___ SS ®OOOO = Crafts, OQOO00O Computer @0000 (5
y Athletics___— SS ®@OOO0 :_Drive OOOOO Enigmas__ SC POCO mw
3) Brawl. @@000 Etiquette OOOOO Gremayre @0000 Sy
. Dodge @@@00 Firearms__ SS OOOOO _Investigation___—S 90000 =)
nr Empathy____—— Ss @®OOO Leadership. OOOOO Law OO0000 (5
\ Intimidation OOOOO Melee @0000 Linguistics OO00O0 (R,
) Kenning SS @@OOO Performance__— Ss @@@OO Lore 00000 ~
« Persuasion____— SS OOOOO Security @0000 Medicine 00000 ga
N Streetwise OOOOO Stealth @@@00 Politics @0000 W
i Subterfuge @@OOO Survival @0000 Science @0000 uS
| "Advancages a
/\ Backgrounds Arts Realms i)
3) Chimera @e00o Legerdemain _ @eo00 Fae e@occo (&
n\ Contacts @0000 Primat e00oo Nature pooner ree
O{ Dreamers @eee00 Wayfare @0000 Prop @@000 ey
A 00000 00000 00000 3}
- 00000 00000 00000 ey
A) ——Ocher Traits —= Glamour Health 9)
=) e@e@ae@eeddo0od0od0 Real Chimerical iS;
N 90900000000 Buse a 2 OG
y) Hurt 1 oa Q ey
4 Wi Injured -l Qa Oo )
"") illpowerR Wounded -2 OU oO ey
N @©@@0000000 Mald 2 9 # wm
9000000000 Crippled 5 G QO es)

Incapacitated Oo oO Fi

=Ravaying/CDusing Threshold == Banalizy =Birchrighcs/ Frailcties= ey)
@000000000 Dark Appetite 9)

Bully Browbe SS

AS 6 AO 6 AG S AAC FG ‘< CeXCY RG RT BRGY ORR 3

oe

ary

es'

1G

Caren

IS

=
SS
a
\=
Ka
a
i)

ree,

Quote: Good to see you again, Baron. I take it you need
another favor? Your kind always does. Well, pull up a chair and
tellme allaboutit, andthenI' ll tell you whatit's going to cost you.

Background: Everyone always said your old man was
crazy, but the village gossips didn't know the half of it.
Pappy was into all sorts of things the preacher wouldn't
have approved of — black magic, Indian rites, and doing
things to the livestock that just wasn't right. One night,
when he was drunker than usual, he told you that he was
trying to magic some kind of spirit into you, to make sure
thatthe people int Idn't cheat you the way they'd
cheated him.

You're not sure what he did, but somehow, some-
way one of the things he did must have worked. You
started seeing faces in the trees that just weren't there, _
and hearing voices that told you that you were differ- ~
ent. You told Pappy about it, and he called you clever. ~
"It's working," he said, "Lord be praised, it's working."

Finally, the day came when you just couldn't con-
trol it any more. The voices got too loud and

and wandered off into the woods to die. You
couldn't think of what you'd done to deserve this, ani
couldn't imagine it any other way. That's when the
others came out of the woods. Some of them you recog-
nized — they'd been the faces you'd seen. Others were
new and strange and wonderful. They told you what was

the
things you were seeing were just too strange. You Lf;
left the house right in the middle of your chores, i} HI ra
L

happening to you, and what was going to happen, and
how best to cope with it.

You stayed out in the woods for seven days and seven
nights, and then headed home to Pappy. You figured he
was going to beat you, but instead when you came back,
he just looked at you in a way you'd never seen him look
at anything before. "I figured you'd be gone longer," was
all he said, and then he went back into the house.

You've been living in Pappy's house for Lord knows
how many years now. Pappy himself died back in the '70s,
but there was enough money to keep the place going.
Now you live by yourself, taking care of the animals and
raising what crops the land supports, and occasionally
making trips down into the village for the sorts of things
you can neither raise nor make.

Of course, that's only half of your existence. The
local court knows all about you, and you know all about
it. Every so often, someone in court needs a favor of the

4 KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

i

sort they can'task anyone else for. That's when Sir This
or Lady That comes stumping down the path to your
door, cap in hand, begging for the help only you can give.
The favors they ask for are rarely pretty and they're never
cheap, but you can help those you choose to.

Concept: You know how they talk about you at
court. Everyone and their brother goes out of his way to
speak ill of that lonely old redcap out on the hill, that
monster. That sort of talk just rolls off you like water off
a duck's back, though, because they need you. One by
one, they come creeping out to where you live to ask you
to kill this or destroy that. That's when you make them
pay forall those unkind words. They can't do without you
and you both know it, so there's no risk in rubbing their
upturned noses in it. You know that if you ever slipped,
they'd be on you like a pack of hounds, but you haven't
slipped yet, and in the meantime, they need you.

Roleplaying Hints: Play the monster to the hilt. Act
alittle crazy. It makes them afraid of you, and that lets you
drive the price up. Never let on all you know about a
situation, and never pass up a chance to learn something
you can use to your advantage. No one should ever be
comfortable asking you for a favor, but then again,
everyone should feel that they have no one else to ask.


-_,

¥.

PILI ZI GG

SSP,

SIM FSS =F) SS

¢

SSSI GS GE

=
7

r)
au

Pee
x)

Name: Court: Unseetie Seeming: Grup
Player: Legacies: Rogue/Panderer Kith: Redcap
Chronicle: House: Motley:
_p\
V\CTRIOUTES
Physical Social CDencal
Strength @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception @@000
Dexterity @@000 Manipulation. @@ee@0 Intelligence @@000
Stamina @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits @@000
>\
Aoilicties
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @0000 Crafts OOOOO Computer____ SS OOOOO
Athletics @0000 Drive @0000 Enigmas OO00O0
Brawl @@000 Etiquette OOOOO Gremayre @@000
Dodge @0000 Firearms @@000 | igati OOO00O0
Empathy OOOOO Leadership 00000 Law @0000
Intimidation. @@@00 Melee @@@00 Linguistics @0000
Kenning @0000 Performance OO00O0O Lore @0000
Persuasion OOOOO Security @@000 Medicine 00000
Streetwise @0000 Stealth @@@00 Politics OO000
Subterfug OOOOO Survival. OOOOO Science OO00O
IN
Advantages
Backgrounds Arts Realms
Chimera (axe) e@e00o Chicanery e@0000 Actor @@000
Contacts @0000 Primal e@e@000 Fae _eeee0
Remembrance _@0000 ooo00o0 Nature @0000
Resources @0000 00000 Stene _ @0000
OOOOO OOO00O OOOO0O
—— Ocher Traits == Glamour Health

=Ravaying/QDusing Threshold =

€xperience: [

@e@@ee@eoo0o0o0od

MOOOOOOOOO ,

= Uillpower
e@e@ee@ee00000
NQOOOOO0O000

Banalicy
@e@e@ee@ee00000
NQOOOOOO000

Real Chimerical
Bruised
urt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated
=Birchrights/ Frailcies=

Dark Appetite
Bully Browbeat
Flaw: Bad Attitude

Sees
Oovucveuvd
Oocoeoca

re.
Ly te
@

K

x

SSASSIMESAESASSNSSISSIOOR

Quote: Look, I didn't want it to happen, OK? He just
kept pushing me and pushing me and never letting up, and I
just snapped. I'm really sorry about it, but I mean, he never
should have gone after me that way in the first place. Besides,
I told him I'd buy him another dog, so what's the big deal?
Background: All your life you've had a sense that
people were trying to force you to be something you
weren't. Your parents insisted that you were going to
make a wonderful doctor one day, even though you really
wanted to be an architect. They made you take piano
lessons when you really wanted to learn how to play
saxophone. Dad decided that you needed to learn tennis
when really, all you wanted to do was ride your bike as far
as you could. But they just blithely
ignored you because, after all, they
knew best.

So you grew up alittle screwed up

; and a whole lot angry. School
wasn't any better, because you
kept on being shunted into
classes you didn't want to be
in for the sake of your parents'
vision of your future. The other
kids knew that you weren't happy
and, like the predators they al-
ways are, they closed in. They'd
pushand prod until you couldn't
take any more, and that's when
you'd lose it. You'd "spaz," as
your peers so eloquently put it,
and that inevitably got you sent
to the nurse's office — or worse.

It was during your "spaz at-
tacks," as schoolyard legend
called them, that you began see-
ing things. Wisely, you kept this
to yourself. Everyone already
thought you were crazy, and say-
ing that you saw things that
weren't there wouldn't have
helped matters. Instead, you
just kept your mouth shut and

76 KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

=

tried to keep your temper, and got a lot of practice in
apologizing when you failed.

Alas, there came a day when one of your classmates
pushed youa little too far, a little too hard, a little too fast.
You snapped and tried to bite his nose off, and while you
were engaged in that little tussle you realized what you
really were, more or less. Elucidation came later, at the
hands of other Kithain, but in that instant in the
schoolyard you stopped worrying about being different
and instead gloried in it.

Unfortunately, that self-acceptance didn't do much
to placate your victim's parents, your parents or the
school. It was suggested that your parents send you to a
private school where your "special needs" could be better
attended to. Your parents, wanting to avoid scandal (and
potential lawsuits) complied.

Even at the new school, you struggled with your
temper. However, you made a few interesting discover-
ies. One was that if you stopped fighting it, it made
slipping into that other state that much easier, and that
much easier to control. The other was that there were
other kids like you — well, maybe not just like you — at

the school.
}- ld ched th ] P|

They were other kids
step into that other world where you weren't quite
yourself anymore. They'd also been handed a raw deal
and sent here for being "odd" or "strange" or "a discipline
problem," and the band of you formed an uneasy alliance.
It's still you against the world, but at least there's more of
"you" now. And hopefully, that will be enough.

Concept: You don't like losing your temper. You
don't like losing control, primarily because when you do,
the end results are always unpleasant. Still, it's so hard to
keep your calm, especially when everyone seems intent
on pushing you and teasing you and making you blow
your stack. You've even got the suspicion that some of the
other Kithain kids set you off for fun, just to watch, and
that makes your blood boil. If you ever find proof that
they've been up to that sort of thing, there's going to be
blood on the floor.

Roleplaying Hints: Do your best to keep your tem-
per, regardless of provocation. There's always something
to push you over the edge, though, regardless of how hard
you try. Apologize profusely after losing your cool but if
anyone pesters you too much about how you lost it, you're
perfectly justified in getting angry over that. Do your best
to make people see what a sweet-tempered, nice guy you
really are, and if they disagree, demand to know why, right

Xs


a]

N Name: Court: Seetie Seeming: Wilder if y
=) Player: Legacies: Orchid /Outlaw Kith: Red¢ap SS)
N Chronicle: House: Motley: SS,
g AccRribuces i,
") Physical Social (Dencal (ss
"\ Strength @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception @e@0@00 (s y)
( Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence @6ee0 Py
| Stamina @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits @e@e00 a
) Nbilicies (
MA 5 a>
S| Talents Skills Knowledges (-: J}
1) Alertness @0000 Crafts @0000 Computer @0000 (KR
\\ Athletics @0000 Drive @0000 Enigmas 00000 mw
ts Brawl @@@00 Etiquette OOOOO Gremayre @0000 PS)
"| Dodge @@@00 Firearms OO0OO0O Investigation. @0000 =)
iN Empathy. @0000 Leadership OO000 Law 00000 Wy
i) Intimidation @0000 Melee @@000 Linguistics @0000 Kw
) Kenning @@000 Performance @0000 Lore OO00O ~
\ Persuasion. @0000 Security @@000 Medicine @0000 Ley
A Streetwise 00000 Stealth, @@000 Politics 00000 »
) Subterfuge OOO0OO Survival OOOOO Science 00000 )
\ Advancages— a
\ Backgrounds Arts Realms i)
4 Chimera @ee00o Legerdemain _—_@0000 Actor @0000 (=
| Contacts @0000 Soothsay @0000 Fae ©0000 a
\ Dreamers @0000 Wayfare @@000 00000 es
j Resources @@000 00000 00000 eS}
" 00000 00000 00000 6,
") —— Orcher Traits == Glamour Healch W
| e@@eooooood Real Chimerical &
| Bruised a) Oo (K
\ gpoo0oooooooo0R" 1. Gg Gg ey
4 : Injured 1 Q oO ~~
") (Willpower Wounded -2 OU Oo ley
i @©@@@000000 Mald 2 9 2 wm
4) OQOO0000000 Crppled 5 O SI 3)
, Incapacitated Oo Oo m,
a) ™=Ravaging/ CDusing Threshold = Banalic =Birchri hes/ Frailcies= N
4 @@@0000000 Dark Avot os
: go000000000 Bn eye <Q

Cxperience: [|

o,

]

OSS

\s

6

©,

KG KGL REG REG REGU REG REG ROT ROTO

2)
WN TA! 4 : fora while, and realized that they were right. You wanted
YQ : Wl 7 Yon payback. You wanted payback against them all.
is ey . = <i — Now you run with a squad of redcaps under your
YAY BLOODY BANNER command. They're good lads, and they'll follow you to

r\ hs oon (sdb th rr OXY YN tp} the end because you know your business and you know
. the enemy's, too. One of these days, you might even find
that duke who taught you so much. It's time for him to see

tr}

<>

4)

Sy Quote: Those boys over there are scared of us, lads. I can
Y

4

V

\S smellit. They' re ready to piss their pants because a troop of big

Y

how much you really learned.

72 \ bad recaps is about the hill and kick the living snot
Xa) out of them. I'd sure hate to disappoint them. What ‘o you Concept: You're a soldier with an agenda, one that
\ say? happily coincides with your backers'. You want to tear

ay: the whole stinking court system down from the top
Background: You were as young a childling as any- eT
because of what it did to you. You take good care of your
one could remember. You came to court as a creature of ,
a ay : ,,  troopand make sure there's good booty and better eating
perhaps three or four, but t ; ;
; ; wherever you go. You're not going to treat them the way
see you were something special. Some of them felt that
you were treated.
you were dangerous, that you should be sent away or have Roleolavine Hi Tak f th f
the Glamour burned out of you so you could never b ° es vis ed aXe toh or the tard ea
trouble them again. This was wise advice, and sensible. CC@US€ the lads will take care of what you'want to do but

The duke, however, decided that instead he would take C8n't do by yourself. Work toward controlled destruc-
yon. WES this hhouschold, and tainyou in the wags af tion, not wanton. You're after effect, after all, not body

nobility so as to best put your potential to use. count. Respect your enemies because

you know them that well, but

don't let them frighten you.
They're the ones wl ld
be frightened of you.

<a

\V/

gos

IX

ISS

The duke, bless his kind heart, was wrong.

Oh, he tried his best. He taught you the sword and
the bow, and the way of chivalry as best he knew it. He
insisted that you be treated as an equal by his courtiers
and knights, and he showed you loyalty when there were
attempts to slander your name. All in all, he could not
have treated you better had you been his son, or his heir.

Or Sy

In the end, it made no difference. Blood calls to
blood, and soul calls to soul, and you simply couldn't
adhere to the st ds he d dof you. You fought
dishonorably, you killed unnecessarily and you in-
dulged in earthier pleasures than were deemed fitting.
Regretfully, sadly, the duke exiled you from
his sight.

You felt shame at your exile. You felt \§
anger. But deep down, in the truest part of
your soul, you felt nothing at all.

Word got around fast about the redcap \
who hadn't been good enough for the sidhe.
Some other Kithain wanted to jeer you, others to
fight to see how tough you could be. Then
there were a very few who seemed to want
something entirely different. They wanted
you. They were looking for vengeance for
the Night of the Iron Knives and every other
indignity inflicted on the "commoners" in the
past few decades, and they thought that you might
be interested in helping them. You thought about it

78 KITHBOOK: REDCAPS

| ag
%


ae

"

'e.
a3
Wns Et

ov)
we:

i

S,

a

ra

A

A

h my
N Name: Court: Unseetie Seeming: Grump wy
sy Player: Legacies: Ringleader/Wayfarer Kith: Redcap ig J)
in) Chronicle: House: Motley: (Ge

a (\ccribuces y
n Physical Social CDencal (se
\ Strength @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception @BOOO ( y)
A Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence__—— SSOOO py
be Stamina -@@@@0 Appearance____®O000 Wits @e@000 pf
f Noilicies (
S) ‘Talents Skills Knowledges i J
N Alertness @0000 Crafts OOOOO Computer___——— SS OOOOO RR

\ Athletics____—— SS @OO00 Drive @0000 Enigmas @0000 es
") Brawl @@@00 Etiquette OOOO Gremayre_ OOO sy)
bx Dodge @@000 Firearms_ OOOO | igati OOO0O =)
y,) Empathy OOOOO Leadership @@OOO Law @@000 (5X

\ Intimidation. @@000 Melee @@@00 Linguistics SM O[COOO

Kenning. @0000 Performance OOOO0O Lore 00000
Persuasion. OOOOO Security @0000 Medicine____ SS O/O000O0
Streetwise @0000 Stealth @0000 Politics @0000
YA) Subterfuge OOOOO Survival @O0000 Science__————SCSC JJ//D

we

NS

" Advancages 6,
"\ Backgrounds Arcs Realms we,
3) Contacts e000 Primal eee@00 Actor ©0000 3}
in Holdings @0000 00000 Fae e000 rey
O\ Resources @@000 00000 Nature @0000 te,
hs 00000 00000 00000 aS)

OOO00O0 OOOO0O

pNA

sas MS
eo)
3
3

Glamour Healch

@e@e@e@eooodoo0od Bruised Real Chimerical &
gQO00000000 Fone,

—— Orcher Traits ——

1

; Injured 1
(Uillpower Wounded -2
2

5

€

@®@@e@06@08@00000 Mauled
Q000000000 Crppled

Incapacitated =)
Banalizy =Birchrighcs/Frailcies= iS
e@e@ee@eeooood Dark Appetite é

OOOO Bully Browbeat =
Cxperience: [ 4OO04 Flaw: Bad Attitude ©

UoUovoOno

OoOovevd

=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold =


Quote: Appetite's nothing without control, sonny. You
give into it and it'll get you killed faster than you can say Jack
Robinson. You control it, though, and you can do some
marvelous, marvelous things. Just watch.

Background: All the other dukes and barons said
that your liege was daft to take on a redcap as a household
knight. "It'll never work," they said. "He'll go feral. Eat

your throne right out from under you."

Well, those nay-sayers were wrong. You 47%

took everything they could dish out, stood (/ KY

up to it, and turned your rage loose on those i@ —

who truly deserved it. You were the one who \\ ((s Za

killed the chimera no one else could, who won

the battles that seemed lost, that kept the faith that if

others abandoned. j [
Slowly, the rest of the court noticed. The jibes Sl ,

never went away, of course, but they were fewer now, and

tinged with respect. There weren't any snickers when the

duke called for you to eat at his table. And more than one

would-be knight saw the discipline you brought to your

own training and tried to emulate it. You just made sure

that they saw what happened when you let that discipline

slip on the battlefield as well.

OY
25]

ry,

oy.

LCV)

Now everything looks like it's going to hell, but that
doesn't concern you. You know your place, and you know s
your friends. You know where youstand, andwithwhom Z%
you're willing to be counted.

Concept: You don't control your appetite, you di- ,
rect it. You know what you could be and you don't like it. ( \
You won't let yourself be controlled that way. Instead,
you bind your natural urges up with honor and duty, and
make something better of yourself than what you might
be otherwise. At least, that's how yousee it, and it lets you
sleep nights.

Roleplaying Hints: Keep a very tight rein on your-
self. Figure out what i gets f
and show them no mercy, but otherwise do your best to

turn yourself to ice. Make a great show of formality and ( ((W)
WZ

your anger are

bad ded

knowing your place and rank. It's good to havea place Vy
to belong, after all. It's very, very good. Y/


Let eal apace

oon

Name: Court: Seetie Seeming: Wilder

Player: Legacies: Paladin/Knave Kith: Redcap
N Chronicle: House: Motley:
a) A\TCRIOUTES
A) Physical Social CDencal
) Strength. @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception 00000
(% Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence eeee0
| Stamina @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits @e@e@00
A (oilicies
| ‘Talenzs Skills Knowledges
N Alertness @@000 Crafts OOOOO Computer 00000
y) Athletics @@000 Drive @0000 Enigmas @0000
t Brawl @@000 Etiquette @0000 Gremayre @0000
3) Dodge @@000 Firearms @@000 Investigation @0000
"\ Empathy. OOOOO Leadership @@000 Law @0000
y) Intimidation, @0000 Melee @@@00 Linguistics 00000
Ay Kenning @0000 Performance 00000 Lore 00000
EX Persuasion OO0O0OO Security @@000 Medicine 00000
| Streetwise OOOOO Stealth @@000 Politics @0000
A Subterfuge OOOOO Survival OOOOO Science 00000

IN

A /\clyaincages
) Backgrounds Arcs Realms
\ Mentor @e000 Soothsay @0000 Actor @@000
r) Remembrance _ eo000 Wayfare @@000 Fae 0000
\ Resources @@000 ooooo Time @0000
2) 00000 00000 00000
n 00000 00000 00000
i —— Ocher Traics —— Glamour Heatch
n @e@@@e0oocooodo, ., as
)) NOOOOOOO0O0O Hurt 1 Q O
: Injured 1 Q oO
_ *
: Willpower Wounded -2 O qo
)) @®@@e@eoodo0oo0dodod Mailed 2 Q qo
2) QOORO0000008 Crippled 5 0 =
= Incapacitated Oo im]
s =Ravaging/CDusing Threshold = Banalicy =Birchrights/ Frailcies™
2 @ee@eooodo0o0od Dark Appetite
. ; g0090000000 Bully Baosibeat

&)
=f
©
9

=)


V/

£2

ON OY,

SS)

) TOYS AND

GAUNTLETS (LEVEL ONE TREAGURE)

There's little that most redcaps detest more than a
clean, fair fight. That doesn't mean that they go in for
long-drawn out affairs, or pummeling their opponents
into submission. Rather, they like fights to be quick and
dirty, and to end up with various meaty chunks of the
other guy scattered all over the floor. To that end, many
redcaps will make for themselves a pair of gauntlets, and
then put them to devastating use.

Gauntlets are, on the simplest level, a pair of gloves.
If that were all they were, however, redcaps wouldn't be
quite so fond of them. However, each redcap who makes
himself a pair of gauntlets makes sure to stud them with
fishhooks, razor blades, broken glass, rusty nails and

82 KITHBOQOK: REDCAPS

splinters. No two pairs of gauntlets are alike, and most

redcaps swear they can't wear any but their own.

Gauntlets cover the redcap's fists and arms nearly to
the elbow in jagged bands of rusty metal. Springing from
them in every directi blades, spikes and protrusions
of all sorts, most of them serrated or barbed. When a
redcap wearing g kes afist, it sounds like bones
cracking; that sound is enough to send wise changelings
running.

Most of the effect of wearing gauntlets is theatrical,
or if one prefers, psychological. Seeing an advancing
redcap is bad enough; seeing one wearing dozens of
jagged, hideous weapons on each of his fists is that much
worse. However, they do add to a redcap's efficiency in
combat. Every time a redcap wearing gauntlets hits, 2
dice get added to the dice pool for damage. Furthermore,
at her discretion the Storyteller can roll (the attacker's
Dexterity + Brawl, difficulty 8) to see if any of the barbs,
hooks or spines catch in the defender's tender flesh.

&

BRA

Ss

tagneel

DAT ON

V

Q

t
DRY buST (LEVEL TWO TREASURE) any other sort of container, whether it be a silk pouch or
Dry dust is a yellowish-white powder that redcaps a piece of Tupperware, it loses all efficacy. No one quite
"ceens te. Tes - ; . knows why this is, and frankly, few redcaps care. They
carry in leather pouches. As soon as dry dust is put into |
just want to make sure the stuff works. The whys and ( G+
4  wherefores don't concern them. y

6
What dry dust does is simple. It makes whoever Le
Sy

ingests it (though it always must be ingested in conjunc- re
tion with food or drink, never by itself) ravenously WY
hungry and unquenchably thirsty for a period of an hour. (
During that time, the victim will attempt to eat anything 6
—and in some cases anyone — he can get his hands on. =
It costs a point of Willpower to resist the urge to eat a =)
particular item (or pet, or loved one or, well, you get the ey
= idea). At the end of the hour, the effect ends instantly. p
Dry dust has a variety of uses, ranging from assisting
in poisonings to crude practical jokes. Only redcaps seem iS

ny
to know the secret of its manufacture, and the few who Xp

APPENDIX: WHAT THEY FOUND, PICKING THE BONES 83 WS

&

prs

ATT RATATAT |

have been questioned about it hint darkly at having
ground up human bone to make the stuff. They may be
telling the truth, or they may just be trying to make their
interviewers uncomfortable. Either way, it speaks vol-

~

As noted previously, redcaps really en-
joy beating the living hell out of one an-
other. They don't go in for simple sparring,
either — they really like tearing into each
other and seeing how much each can dish
out and take. That means that you will find
plenty of instances of redcaps duking it out
while wearing gauntlets. The more blood the
fight provokes, the better the audience likes
it, and that's why gauntlets are sometimes
called for. A redcap who can reduce his
opponent to a quivering, bloody wreck with-
out actually killing him gains the respect of
his peers, at least until the next fight begins.

umes.

There are gauntlets, and then there are gauntlets.
Blooded Gauntlets bear the same relation to their more
utilitarian cousins that those gauntlets do to a pair of
mittens. A regular pair of gauntlets (if there is such a
thing) rends flesh and hooks bone. Blooded Gauntlets,
when in (or on) the right hands, do much, much worse.

Blooded Gauntlets look more or less identical to
regular specimens, and it's almost impossible to distin-
guish them for what they really are until they're put into
action. Then, however, the difference becomes readily,
horrifyingly apparent.

Whereas the spikes, protrusions, blades and hooks of
a regular pair of gauntlets are merely sharp and danger-
ous, the ones on a pair of Blooded Gauntlets are actively
hungry. When they tear into an opponent, they want to
stay there, and they'll do as much damage as they can.
Witnesses (and the very occasional survivor) swear that
the blades and whatnot actually move to rend the flesh
of a target once a punch connects. The hooks snag the
Blooded Gauntlet in place while the rest of the equip-
ment goes to work, ripping its way down to bone and
beyond. The poor fool who takes a stomach punch from
a redcap wearing these is doomed to a few very brief
moments of agony, and nothing more.

Blooded Gauntlets work like regular ones, at least
initially. However, once the punch lands, the player rolls
Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 9) to see if the hooks and
barbs grab hold. If they do, the Blooded Gauntlet has
grabbed hold and the two combatants are now bound
together. That means that all of the defender's Dodge
rolls are now at +2 difficulty, as are the redcap's. (Note:
p lil d hotg dthe like are
essentially impossible to use once the Blooded Gauntlet
sinks its teeth in; the range is simply too short and there's
no room to utilize them properly.) Any attempt to escape
requires a Strength check (difficulty 7, and the Gauntlet
does a level of aggravated damage as it's torn out), but
that's preferable to the other alternative: Letting it chew
its way down fora level of aggravated damage every turn.

Furthermore, this is the effect of hitting with one
Blooded Gauntlet. It's entirely possible for the redcap to
land a punch with one, then throw a second punch with
the other the following turn and let both go to work.

The down side to letting Blooded Gauntlets loose is
that they effectively pin the redcap to his victim until
such time as they actually kill him, and while that's going
on, the redcap is something of an exposed target. Once
the target is dead, the Gauntlets let go. Redcaps have no
control over whether or not their equipment digs in on
its own, which means they can get snagged at times when

polearms
£


\y

y

it really would have been more convenient to have
thrown a punch and just moved on.

Blooded Gauntlets do not work without a pair of
hands in them, but once they're put on they're almost
impossible to take off (cost of 1 Willpower) while there's
still an opponent anywhere in the vicinity.

Grinders look like, to no one's surprise, old hand-
cranked sausage grinders of the sort one rarely sees any
more. They're all of two feet tall, and generally made
from some sort of vaguely bronze-colored metal. All of
them are spotted, pitted and stained. They all seem like
they've seen hard use in butcher shops and slaughter-
houses. Most make some sort of annoying squeak when
the handle turns; all are accompanied by an unpleasant
stench of old meat, dried blood and less identifiable
things.

Unfortunately, there's more to a Grinder than just
the smell. It is, after all, a sort of sausage grinder. The
difference is that while a normal device of this sort
generally has its intake restricted to various sorts of meat

i scraps, aredcap's Grinder will take pretty much anything
at all. A redcap with a Grinder can feed anything into it
he wants, anything at all. It doesn't matter how big it is
or how small. It doesn't even matter what it's made of.

ill

ar

Sooner or later, the Grinder swallows it down and spits it
out as vaguely edible, reddish-gray paste.

It cannot be stressed enough that the Grinder can
swallow just about anything. Metal? No problem. Dead
bodies? Easy as pie. An elephant? It might take a while,
but down it goes. And no matter what goes it, the same
filling-but-not-very-tasty paste comes out. Of course, the

\
cx
aS

a

Dy

Sra,
Sas

>rS
A

SARS

Ts

Ss

A

AY


USING A GRINDER

While the exact length of time a Grinder
takes to chew up a given item is up to
Storyteller discretion — there's really not
room here to put in a table for everything
from aluminum foil to zebras — some rough
guidelines can be established. For anything
the consistency of animal or plant tissue,
alive or dead, figure that the Grinder takes
about one minute for every five p ds. The
weight conversion from raw materials to
sausage filler is about 3 to 1. No one knows
why that is, but the end result is that a
Grinder takes about half an hour to turn a
150 pound corpse into 50 pounds of sausage
filler.

Bear in mind that feeding something
into a Grinder is not the same thing as
keeping it fed in. Anything that's alive and
kicking when it gets fed in is going to do its
level best to escape, and that means there's
going to be a lot of thrashing around going
on. A Grinder does one level of aggravated
damage every turn a living being is fed into
it without escaping.

I)

One other factor can increase the time
it takes a Grinder to chew something up and
spit it out: hardness. The harder the object
is, the longer it takes to break down.

Material Time
Wood 1.5 x normal
Soft Metal 1.5 x normal

Bone 2 x normal
Stone 3 x normal
Hard Metal 5 x normal

84 KITHBQQK: REDCAPS

size of the object being tossed in and the raw materials it's
made from impact how long it takes for the Grinder to
chew it up once and for all, but in the end, if the redcap
with the crank is willing to work at it, the device can
dispose of pretty much anything imaginable.

There are only two things a Grinder won't take. The
first is any sort of Treasure, much to the annoyance of
certain redcaps who'd love to chew up every magical
doodad they can get their hands on. However, Grinders
recognize that sort of thing, even when disguised (one
particularly enterprising chap made a victim swallow a
treasure, then tried to grind up his corpse, but to no avail)
or hidden.

The second thing that Grinders won't take is a
redcap's tooth. The moment one hits the Grinder's
blades, the entire construction falls to pieces with a
thunderous boom. Perhaps th
few of the things, as the courts are full of tales of plucky
young heroes wl great sacrifices to drop a redcap's
tooth into a grinder. Of course, the fact that a tooth
wrecks the whole thing doesn't do the rest of the redcap
any good, if he goes in feet-first.

Thankfully, there are only a handful of devices of this
sort known to exist. Redcaps who get their hands on a
Grinder tend to put them to work with a will, and the
consequences of such are messy and unpleasant.

LOGI'S ASHES (LEVEL FIVE TREASURE)

Lost in the popular imagery of redcaps as renders and
devourers is the deeper truth, the notion that they
personify hunger. A potent reminder of this ancient
lineage, however, is the treasure known as Logi's Ashes.
Only a few precious handfuls of the Ashes remain, and
they're guarded fiercely.

Logi's Ashes look, at first glance, like regular fire-
place ashes. Closer examination, however, reveals that
they're still uncomfortably warm, and that highlights of
flame still dance within them. Wise redcaps keep their
share of the Ashes in thick leather or even more durable

lai 1
CAPlallls Wily


—

pouches, and are extremely sparing when using them.
They have to be, after all — the merest pinch is enough
to have the desired effect, and there are no more Ashes
to be had.

The rest of Concordia is quite thankful for that as
well, as even a tiny sprinkle of Logi's Ashes has an

eregi ffect. O: f the Ashes are scattered, all
of the food and drink in the vicinity becomes as dust in
the mouths of those who would partake. The effect
spreads fast as wildfire, and generally extends for miles.
Entire duchies have been laid waste in this manner, as
any food that's brought in for up to a year and a day
withers in just this fashion. As a result of creative uses of
Logi's Ashes, freeholds have been abandoned, forts left
desolate and some of the proudest castles in Concordia
left to the birds and beasts.

Even the wildest and most vicious redcap is very, very
careful about turning Logi's Ashes loose. On more than
one occasion, the party responsible for the catastrophe
has been apprehended and then abandoned, bound, in
the center of the desolation he has caused. As the Ashes'
ravenous hunger is very much a palpable thing, this is a
fate far worse than death for any member of the kith.

Ingestinga pinch of Logi's Ashes causes the victim to
feel the same hunger that redcaps labor under for a
month.

By all accounts, the Hungry Hill wasn't so much
made as it was grown, though what it was grown from and
who put the effort in to do so remain blissfully unan-
| swered questions. Still, regardless of who made it, the Hill
| is out there, and it lives up to its name.
: Appearing as nothing more than a pleasant, grassy
: hill, the Hungry Hill is adept at both camouflage and
deception. It changes its look with the seasons, covering
itself with piles of multicolored leaves or gentle drifts of
snow as the occasion demands. Only a slight depression
at the hill's summit and its unnatural symmetry serve to
warn the wary that something is indeed amiss.

That's because the Hungry Hill more than earns its
name. Anyone foolish enough to venture upon it is in
immediate and terrifying danger, carefully hidden by a
few inches of green grass or winter snow. Those who stop

at the hill's peak have only a few seconds to continue on
their way before the maw of the hill opens up and
swallows them with a single gulp. Inside, teeth like

grind the unft icti pulp ina matter
of seconds, and all attempts at rescue prove futile. After
all, one would have to physically dig halfway through a
large hillock to reach the Hill's meal, and there simply
isn't time to do that before the question becomes moot.

V/. x ++; Atad 3

about the Hungry Hill over the centuries but, to no one's
surprise, none of the attempts have been successful. The
occasional survivors don't talk about what happened
much, but it would seem that the Hungry Hill has friends
— or at least allies.

Thankfully, there is only one Hungry Hill. Unfortu-
nately, it's rather more mobile than one would expect a
hill to be. The Hungry Hill has an unnerving habit of
simply deciding to be somewhere else. Exactly how it
manages to relocate is a mystery; how it manages to do so
while integrating itself perfectly with its surroundings
even more so. Still, the wherefores aren't as important as
the fact that it actually pulls off that feat.

WINTERBLAQE, UNIQUE TREASURE

Redcaps aren't necessarily the most comfortable
creatures out there when it comes to weapons. They're
just as happy, ifnot happier, to go to work with their claws
and teeth as they are swinging a sword or an axe. Those
weapons they do prefer are designed for cleaving or
hacking, and their swords are either built for brutal
chopping or are short blades designed to be pushed into
an enemy's gut and then twisted. Axes and cleavers are
common, as are spiked shields that can be rammed into
an enemy's face or stomach and then popped free with a
minimum of effort.

However, a great many redcaps harbor a secret affec-
tion for a particular sort of weapon that one might not
expect them to appreciate, namely, the scythe. Perhaps
they like it because the weapon is irretrievably emblem-
atic of the peasantry or because it is so devastatingly
effective in the right hands. Perhaps because redcaps see
themselves as mowing down their enemies in just the

LS

4,

>

J

e

Ays

S

£\

{\

—s
Ss

Sry


same way, an inordinate number of them have taken to

wielding scythes in the field to ruinous effect.
] L As

Most pscy y garden implements,
ranging from hand-held sickles to full-blown harvest
tools. However, there's one particular scythe that stands
out, even amidst the bloody havoc that every redcap
wreaks. After all, there have been countless harvests, but
only one Winterblade.

Stories say that Winterblade is the scythe that will
cut away the summer of the world and plunge all into
Winter. It will chill the earth where it touches and render
permanently sterile any ground it rests upon. A single
nick from Winterblade is enough to wither a tree of
centuries' growth, and the merest scratch will drain the
life from any victim. Even those whom Winterblade
misses feel the chill of its passage in their very bones, and
they're lucky if they can find the strength to crawl away
before the blade returns.

Winterblade also takes its toll on its wielder, whose
hands wither to clawed husks within seconds of grasping
the haft. Soon the hollowing process takes the rest of his
vitality as well, turning him to nothing more than a

skeletal, gnarled shell. However, in some unholy way the
weapon sustains its user, animating him until such time
as he gives up its possession. At that point, he crumbles
into a pile of ash and snow, and blows away on a sudden
wind. Winterblade does not, however, subvert the will of

- any redcap using it (and rest assured, only a redcap can

hold this blade) — it merely focuses his purpose and his
hunger.

Winterblade has not yet made an appearance on the
field of battle. This heartens some nobles, who take very
seriously the prophecies surrounding the blade's role in
ushering in the Endless Winter. Redcaps who have been

ptured denied any knowl-
edge of its whereabouts, but that does little to put
anyone's mind at ease. Sooner or later, they know that
Winterblade will emerge to sate itself, and what comes
after can only be guessed at in nightmares.

No one's really sure if redcap for hungry
grass, but they're the best guess that anyone's come up
with. What is known, however, is that hungry grass is
both insidious and deadly, and that it's nigh impossible to
spot.

In appearance, hungry grass is just like any other
patch of grass one is likely to find in a meadow or hillside.
It's a bit unkempt, but otherwise unremarkable. A stroll-
ing Kithain is no more likely to notice a patch of hungry
grass in his path than he is to notice the difference
between two ants trundling along the ground in front of
him. However, as soonas he sets foot on the hungry grass,
he's likely to notice rather quickly.

d put to the questionh

b |

Hungry grass does not, contrary to some stories,
reach out to tangle its prey. Rather, it simply drains the
life right out of its victims, and its victims include anyone
who makes the mistake of walking onto it. Those who
have fallen into the clutches of hungry grass generally
begin to feel ravenously hungry within the space of two


turns, fewer if they haven't eaten recently. Longer than
that and the victim begins to feel weak from hunger. If he
lingers long enough, he becomes too weak to move and
quickly dies from hunger. Within hours, all that's left are
some bones, polished clean and shining through the
grass.
This particular flavor of chi actually strik

a target. Rather, once a victim walks on it, he begins
feeding the chimera's insatiable hunger for life energies.
After a victim has spent two turns on the hungry grass, it
begins to drain a health level every two turns. An
Intelligence + Chimeras roll (difficulty 8) is necessary for
the target to understand what's happening and try to
escape.

The effect of the hungry grass extends as far as the
grass itself does. As for the extent of the grass itself, that
varies from patch to patch. There are documented re-
ports of growths that were tens of yards across, and there
have been rumors of places where mile upon mile of
meadow or prairie has been replaced by patient, hungry
grass.

Boggies are no relation to boggans, nor are they anew
| kith. Rather, boggies are junior-grade versions of river
hags and the like. Not exactly sentient and not exactly
anything else, boggies flock in rivers, lakes and streams
that either are or are likely to become haunted by river
hags. Boggies, so named because they generally cluster in
marshy, boggy areas, look like roughly formed humanoid
) figures with webbed, grasping paws. Some have stubby
claws and some do not; some have lamprey-like sucker
mouths and some have maws full of teeth. They range in
color from dull brown tosickly greenish-yellow, and most
are mottled in one diseased pattern or another. Boggies
don't generally speak, though they do make soft, childish
noises that hover on the edge of comprehension. Change-
lings that make the mistake of trying to listen too closely
find themselves in the boggies' clutches, hauled to a
reedy and dank death down among the weeds.

APPENDIX: WHAT THEY FOUND, PICKING THE BONES

aS

a

<
H Ve:
SX]

SA

AVERSION (1-3 PT FLAW)

They say that redcaps can and will eat anything. In
most cases, they're right, but a redcap with this flaw is the
exception who proves the rule. A redcap who has an
aversion won't eat something (or a whole category of
things, depending on the number of points taken for the
flaw). One point might be an aversion to strawberries,
while five would be something much broader, like meat,
vegetables or inanimate objects.

L -4 1] Ll;

2)

res

2)

A redcap y g he has an
aversion to is in a great deal of trouble. A Stamina roll is
required (difficulty 6), otherwise he'll immediately
upchuck everything in his stomach. Furthermore, any
time he wants to do anything more strenuous than walk
for the next half hour, a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) is

necessary to see if another attack of nausea hits.

Storytellers should take a great deal of care not to let
this flaw be abused. It's very easy to pick up points with
an aversion to, say, rutab left-handed

c—) Qr
Aversions should be real and important, or at least worth
the points received for them.

Some legends of redcaps gift them with chickens'
claws in place of their hands or feet. This condition is
rare, but occasionally present among modern-day red-
caps, though any Kithain who suffers from this flaw is
bound to be the subject of much derision from his peers.

A redcap with chicken claws for hands is at +1
difficulty for all Dexterity-based rolls involving manual
dexterity, while one with chicken claws instead of feet is
at the same disadvantage for all rolls related to dodging,

running and so forth. Note that the claws are rather more
an Id ra

g g theirnam e—claws
are claws, no matter what animal they came from.

ees


STOLEN TOOTH (3 POINT FLAW) FASTER (| POINT MERIT)

Another one of the long-standing This doesn't refer to the speed at which a redcap
redcap legends ascribes a rather unique moves, or eats, or does anything else. Instead, a redcap
weakness to the kith: A redcap can only with Faster can actually go 24 hours without eating. By
be killed if one of his teeth is smashed on spending a Willpower point, the player can then have
an altar stone. Many brave (and not terri- the character go another 24 hours, and so on until he runs
bly intelligent) souls attempted to prove or out of Willpower.
disprove this theory; most instead proved
the parallel theory that |i

thing from a redcap's mouth is unlikely to be

coming home.

However, certain redcaps have managed
to lose, one way or another, one of
their teeth. Will the redcap be
destroyed if that tooth is shat-
tered in an appropriate place?
Who knows, but what is certain is
that any redcap possessing this flaw
will do anything to get his tooth back.
Retrieving the tooth takes precedent
over any other activity to the point of
mania.

Why?

Because those old leg-
ends might just be right
after all.


The down side to being a Faster, unfortunately, is
that once the fast ends, the redcap is compelled to eat
enough to make up for all of the days he skipped.
Furthermore, he'll feel the need to do so immediately.

GRANITE SKIN (2, POINT MERIT)

Some redcaps are tougher than others. Some, in fact,
are a great deal tougher than others, in part because in fae
mien, their skin is quite literally, stone. The stone is not
more than skin deep, thankfully — it's quite literally an
epidermal layer, and that's all. However, it does make a

redcap a great deal tougher than she might be normally,

as well as leaving small flakes and chips of stone behind
every time she bends or flexes.

A redcap with Granite Skin has the equivalent of
two levels of armor at all times, with no area of her
anatomy < idered d.On thed ide, Gran-
ite Skin also provides a +1 difficulty to all rolls involving
moving quietly. The constant flaking and chipping of
stone makes it nearly impossible for the redcap to move
without making some noise. And let's not even discuss
the romantic implications.

UNFORGETTABLE TASTE (3 POINT MERIT)

In a sense, redcaps are the fae world's most sincere
epicures. They've got a taste for everything, and they
never forget a taste. However, some of them do a bit
better at it than others, especially when moving food is
involved.

A redcap with Unforgettable Taste has a remarkable
knack for remembering the taste of everything she's ever
eaten, and being able to identify it instantly if she tastes
itagain. Furthermore, the merit g he abi

lity tosense
where the nearest supply of that taste might be.
Under _ normal circumstances,
that's fairly unremark-
able. Being able to tell
where the nearest
batch of chocolete
mousse or porterhouse
steak is really doesn't do
too much in the grand
scheme of things. On
the other hand, if the
redcap has gotten abite
of someone, the merit
serves as an excellent
way to track that
meal. Creative red-
caps have found other
uses for this power, includ-
ing tracking down poisons.

o
He

* a

Mi

g,
LEAS

wy

©

ae

LURK

<j

To
SA

sates


SLY

™

Cxperience: [

rand

ObOODOOOOOgg

WA) Name: Court: Seeming:

— Player: Legacies: Kith:

YA Chronicle: House: Motley:

2) ~) =—

na (\ccRIOUTe

My) Physical Social CDencal

vA Strength @0000 Charisma @0000 Perception. @O0000

(4 Dexterity @0000 Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000

eS Stamina @0000 Apr @0000 Wits @0000

Ay odilicies—

‘S Talents Skills Knowledges

Fr Alertness OOOOO Crafts OOOOO Computer OOOO0O

KN Athletics 00000 Drive 00000 Enigmas 00000

ea Brawl 00000 Etiquette 00000 Gremayre 00000

\s Dodge OQOOOO Firearms ooooo | igati OOOOO

YAY Empathy. OOOOCO Leadership OO0000 Law OOO00O

\ Intimidation. OOOOO Melee OOOOO Linguistics OOOO0O

es Kenning OOOOO Performance OOOOCO Lore OOO00O

is Persuasion OOOOO Security. OOO00O Medicine OO00O0

yA) Streetwise 00000 Stealth OOOOO Politics 00000

| Subterfuge OQOOOO Survival OOOOO Science OO0000

L>

KS Advancages—
. w" Backgrounds Arts Realms

) 00000 00000 00000
! iy 00000 00000 00000
| XO 00000 00000 00000
iy 00000 00000 00000

i 00000 00000 00000
WA) —— Ocher Traits == Glamour Heatch

re OOO0O0O000000 Real Chimerical

& Bruised O o

Nn po00000000,"" 4g a

Ra . Injured -l QO

Wn) Willpower === Wounded 2 g

sh OOOOOOOOOO Maled 2 OG a

(A 9000000000 Cipld 5 Q

los Incapacitated O a

Na =Ravaging/CDusing Threshold Banalicy =Birchrights/Frailcies=
(% 0000000000 —

Bully Browbeat
Flaw: Bad Attitude

| JOSS OSMAAS

y )
5

e

\< Fellowship/H : ieci : j
CDerizs & Flaws rs

&!

\ ie
3 eric pe Cose Flaw Type —_ Bonus y
\

TI]
HT
|
I

2) Cxperience (
mA) Toca: -— Joel ial (Ke
iy Gained From: Spenc On: (Ke
WA)

ES

IT

i

} Weapon Difficulty] Damage |Conceal | Range | Rate | Clip
%

Dex+Brawl/6 Strength


| a :

m

j

Le

>

ISS

GY

AG

Cxpanded Background
—_—_—_—_—_—_—_$ (01101 OO ——_== Holdit 1g

(Dencor

Recinue

Possessions

Chimerical Icems

Chimerical Companions

j & 1 1h
RCCNOIA


ks a,

2 IENIONIES REDCAPS SI OSS OSI:

Ai

Ea

Date Ennobled: Secret Societies: WS

fo?

EG

ay.
6
>
a
j=
x
=
F

OS

AN

Chronological Age: Mortal:
Apparent Ag

e: g
Date of Birth: (2
Hair:

Eyes:

7.

2?
am
Fi

iA Visuals =
% Oach Bonds Charz Character Sketch KK

a EEN
AKA

2S)


Driven by humanity's most primitive dreams, redcaps exist
within a blood-red nightmare of insatiable hunger. Despised,
nd hated by the other kith as figures of uncontrol-

ps glory in their dark reputations and
hey? What lies behind their brutal
?

feared a
lable savagery, redea
darker desires. Or do t

energy and vicious practices

he secrets of the redeaps stand revealed.
hoes with howls of hunger and erack-

Finally, t
en bones, laying bare

Their story ec
les with the snapping of brok
the hopes, the dreams and the torments of the
redcaps for all to see and fear.
The redcap view of Kithain history

An insider's view of redcap culture
and behavior

> A new type of redcap — the
river hag
New Treasures, Merits and

Flaws for redcaps only

w4

H vy ee TTI REE
(GANGE AN
SS gli781565"044821
