# File: Kithbook Eshu.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


WLAN A TO AYMAN OV AVY KY AN MY LY A) ERY AM Rd HOY MTV) TPA TYP INY? YD YODA IY PY" SOO EIR

%)

ig

Tee

rr"

(= iS
i) my

& (=

A

eK

buPeter Woodworth

ie

SS

)

=

is is
m i)
a eo

Za


ne

wes
PESEE
B

> 2

a
4,

a

Written by: Peter Woodworth

Developed by: Nicky Rea and Jackie Cassada
Edited by: Jeanée Ledoux

Art direction: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Ron Thompson

Art: Mike Chaney, Aaron Siddall and Melissa Uran
Front Cover Art: Tony DiTerlizzi

Author's Dedication:

For Granny and Aunt Pat, who taught me how to tell
stories right and live the eshu life in the first place; for
Andy, who took every step ahead of me and made sure it
was safe; for Us (you know who you are), because you put
up with th i and over again and, most of
all, youknow how much you mean to me; and for Aly, the

What is Arthaus? It's White Wolfs
newest imprint. White Wolfs mission
has always been to create art that enter-
tains ; White Wolf Arthaus is the embodi
ment of this ideal. Modeled after small
press, the Arthaus team strives to create
those games and projects that are new,
experimental and unique. White Wolf
Arthaus now manages whole game lines,
supports others and creates specialty
projects whenever possible.

shining light that I've been walking toward all my life.

;

(2
ray

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, ‘
World of Darl d Aberrant gi 1 trad f White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf
the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West,
Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity and Kithbook Pooka are trademarks of White Wolf ,
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf

X . Publishing, Inc.
(A The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or |
copyright concerned.
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA

Vs
=)
rl 2 KITHBOOK: ESHV

WIS


OXY

a

Se

RAS)

Contents

Prelude: How EshuGot the World Turning

£
aUe

>

©

>

Chapter One: Tales fromthe Dawnof All Things 14 Ys
IN

J

ERA'

Chapter Two:A Culture without Borders

nw
be 4

1,

r~
£

Chapter Three: The Whole Wide World &
INS
Chapter Four:Legendsamons the Tribe 60 is

I
Chapter Five: Orishas Vet toCome 72 y

iS)
Appendix: Treasures fromthe Trails $2 2)
S]

es

CONTENTS 3 6)

o


MEL

5
Wy

<\

S

£2]

<y

Cal Y6¢ CXGY 6 KX

2

Le

(XK

| SS Wr
\ QRLD
( J YRINING

So it came to pass in the early days that late one night a
motley of changelings was sitting around the fire, tradin,
stories. Troll told a story of bravery and honor, and the
others were impressed. Sluagh spoke of a time when dark
things crawled across the earth, and the others shivered.
Satyr's words wove a tale of, great pare love fulfilled at

0

last, and the others smiled and cheered. Not to be outdone,

pooka rose and. solemnly relateda fable of great nonsense and
hilarity, and the others roared with laughter. Even redcap


y

>

is

told a story, and the others thought it worthy indeed,
though none of them touched his food for some time after.

When at last all the kith had finished their tales, sidhe
rose and stared imperiously down at the lone £legbara,
child of Eshu, who had sat silently at the outside of the
circle the entire time. "So, wanderer," sidhe said haughtily,
raising his shining golden goblet in a mock toast, "it seems
that your customary place has been taken already, for we }
have heard all manner zs! ‘fantastic tales tonight, and you }
have yet to speak at all. What say you to that?" j

The Elegbara said nothing.

"What's the matter, strange one?" asked sidhe, trying to
goad him to action. "Are you offended that we hol
ie your role?" Still the Elegbara remained silent,
and now sidhe began to become angry, for there was
something in the Elegbara's small smile that made sidhe

—

J

feel, ‘foolish, and if there's one thing that fills a sidhe with ee
fury, it is appearing in any way undignified. "I'll wager Sy
it's because you know you hon thavea story to top the ones US

we have heard tonight." &

Of course, the Elegbara could not let a challenge like a
that go unanswered, as sidhe well knew, and while he had SS)
been content to listen before, he now rose to his feet and

strode to the edge of the circle, where the heat from the fire 1%)
was strongest. The other kith gathered before him to listen, ey)
oy)

s

i)

HOW ESHV GOT THE WORLD TURNING 5 is)

pS)


a

DS
Re)

Se

voy

AG XX

for all loved the Elegbara's tales of adventure ae off lands
and were eager to .. his words. This made sidhe jealous, as
it always did, but that itself is a tale for another time.
The Elegbara began, "One day, inthe long ago times when
the orishas walked alongside men and the great paradise of
Jlesha was no farther than a two-day walk from anywhere in
the world, Eshu was relaxing in the shade of a fig tree. All of
a sudden his rest was interrupted by the sounds of many feet
4 approaching. Eshu looked up and saw all the kings of the world

coming toward him, their faces streaked with tears and their

iS

VY

cY,

‘A \ eyes wide with fright.

io \ "Coming to him, they threw themselves at his feet and
KN { wailed as one: ‘Oh, Eshu, most ‘favored of the orishas, save us,
(A } save us! We beg you, take these sacrifices to Olorun and beg

Ji
A»

him to set the world right again.' And they laid man
\ treasures of old, silver and ivory at his feet, for Eshu was the
messenger of Olorun, the greatest of the orishas, and would
carry prayers and sacrifices to him from all corners of the
mortal world. Seeing these great treasures, Eshu began to get
an idea, but first he put on his most serious face and scowled
down at them. :

"What do you require of mighty Olorun that J should
trouble him with your worthless trinkets?' he asked. And the
kings of the world trembled and said to him, ‘Ojo, the bringer
of dawn, and Iku, keeper of the darkness of death, are

quarreling over a maiden. Each wants her for himself, and.

>

EN ag a ie oe ae ee

ee


L}
&,
LY

Se

<j

Ole)

0

O

QAR

until the matter is settled they refuse to turn the world.
Already half our kingdoms are as ce, and our ‘people freeze
in the darkness, and the other half burn in the ceaseless day,
and the people shrivel and die of thirst. Oh, please, shu, tell
Olorun to set all things right again!"

"So Eshu promised them that all would be made right
and sent them away, but he did not take the sacrifices to
Olorun, for he was intrigued by the tale they told and
decided to settle the matter himself. This was also his way,
for €shuwas orisha of accident and chance as well and could f

"ax

ee

never be predicted by mortals or even the other orishas.
Instead, he filled ae with treasure and set off to find
Ojo and Iku himse ff.

* * *

"After much wandering and many adventures in the Ss
frozen wastes and the burning deserts, at fast Eshu came is
upon the place where Ojo and Iku were warring, a palace 6
constructed half of rays of brilliant sunlight and half of re
f frozen pools of shadow. When he came into the main ey
chamber, he saw the two quarreling orishas standing on VS}
either side of the room. Ojo stood in his bright raiment, with zs
his great tome of enlightenment tucked under one arm, and S%)

HOW ESHV GOT THE WORLD TURNING 7 WS

ee,

KS

&j& Chis
agus 7

SEES

dku crouched on the other side, dressed as a simple peasant
farmer, but with a handsome face and bearing his fearsome

scythe, which he used to reap the souls of the dead. Seeing these
two with their most ‘powerful treasures in hand made Eshw's
idea grow bigger still, but he concealed his glee with a cough
and announced himself.

"1am Elegba Eshu, guardian of the highways, messenger
of the-mi, eS Olorun, greatest of orishas,' he proclaimed, and
thetwo fel acka step, for Eshuwasa /powe forisha "ge
and they knew what he must have come to do. ‘Your feud is
\ la ing waste to the many kingdoms of theworld and must end
f this very day. Bring forward the cause of the dispute so that
} 1 may see what has caused two ae orishas to forget their

duties and act so much like squab ling children.'

"At this, the veils at the back of the chamber ‘parted, and
the most stunning young woman Eshu had ever seen stepped
forward. To describe her radiance would be todo an injustice
to her, for the words truly needed to do so belong only to the
highest 0 gods and cannot be captured in this low tongue, no
matter how skillfully spoken. One look passed between them,
and instantly they were smitten with love for each other, and

CPO CCE.

2)

i) the plan that had been growing in Eshw's mind at last reached
NS fruition. He rubbed his chin as one does in serious contempla-
sy tion, hiding his smile, and said in his most solemn voice, No ow,
mS tell me of your dispute, that it might be settled fairly.'

Wd)

2)

(2

I

\S
A $ KITHBOOK: ESHV

2p

"] was walking my paths across the world one morning, O
great Eshu,' began Ojo, ‘when 1 came across this graceful
creature drinking from an oasis. Twas struck by her beauty and
so hid myself behind a cloud and watched her in secret. She is
a wise woman, a fortune-teller, and brims with wisdom. 1 claim
her as mine by right of affinity, or she too seeks to spread.
wisdom in darkness like the rays of the sun at dawn.' sp
Ojo glowed with radiance, proud that his lore had served him.

"This one may think he was first to spy her, O powerful
shu,' countered Iku, ‘but she has been mine from birth. When
she was very young, 1 gifted her with the ability to see into my
kingdom, to speak with the spirits of the dead, with the intention


———
y Sie te
IOD

fo?

9

CEES
RR

>

ay.

OX,
ee

>

I

>

taeda

WSs

SX

Ca

of taking her to me when she came of age. 1 assert my claim
by right of kinship. At this, Iku displayed his great scythe,
confident his instincts had won him the day once more.

"Eshu sat ‘for a long time as if in deliberation, then rose
and spoke to the impatient orishas. "Both of you have an
excellent claim to this maiden, and as messenger of Olorun 1
cannot deny one right in favor of the other, or sacred tradition
is broken. Nor can you fight a duel, for to lose either of you
would destroy the world * all time. And so there is but one
\ solution left: the maiden herself must choose.' At this the two
\ orishas both turned to face the girl, who cowered beneath the
weight of ee Pe eyes. But Eshu was clever and knew
} just what to do.

\
f "Stop at once!' Eshu commanded, and they looked to him,

ee >
Fs"

puzzled. ‘Can't you see the poor girl is overwhelmed by the
presence of two such great beings as yourselves? How can she
decide if her will is pitched back and ‘forth between you like
waves on the sea? She cannot.' Eshu let this knowledge settle
on them for a moment then spoke once more, his eyes alight
with mischief. ‘There is an easy way to settle this,' he said, ‘but
1 will need your treasures to do it properly.' When the two
orishas protested, Eshu held up a hand, saying, ‘T] hey are
what most represents you, are they not? Then give them tome,
and 1 will take her out to the courtyard and let her examine
them to see which she prefers. 1 myself will watch her closel

toensure that she judges them fairly and correctly. Should: =f

10 KITHBOOK: ESHYU

>

. xy
(p

6

choose the book, Iwill entrust her to Ojo; should she choose the
scythe, dku shall have her ‘for himself. Agreed?"

"Ojo and ‘Iku were delighted by such a fair solution to .
such a difficult problem and gla ly handed their treasures
to Eshu. TI hey then settled in to await the maiden's decision.

An hour ‘passed, then another, then yet another, but neither

moved for fear of incurring Eshu's wrath. When a day had

passed and there was still no word, however, Iku at last

sprang to his feet, too impatient to care any longer, and }
strode out into the courtyard, Ojo following timidly behind.
What else did they find but that Eshu and the maiden were
long gone, leaving nothing but tracks in the shifting desert
sands, having taken their treasures with them! For in their
haste to have the maiden and their pride in their own
strengths, they had forgotten that Eshu is the orisha of
chance, who walks outside the rules and needs respect no
traditions.

"With a great moe, outrage, 1 ku leapt ‘from the castle
and gave chase, followe shortly thereafter by furious Ojo. As
they circled the world searching for shu, it began to turn
once more, until, day and night were restored to their roper
place and the kingdoms of mankind were saved. Thus did

Eshu start the world turning once more.

~—
~

_

* * *

HOW ESHV GOT THE WORLDTURNING Ne

oe) ey

S)
ig
s)
)


&

>
4

LX? ISSR

"Of course, that is not quite the end of the tale," the Elegbara
said, his eyes alight with a mysterious radiance, his audience
spellbound at his ‘feet. "Because Ojo and Iku are still following
him to this day, searching for their treasures. Over time Eshu
took pieces of their treasures and planted them in the hearts of
his children. So no matter how hard the two orishas searched,
some of their treasures would. always be out of their sight. That
is why true children of Eshu have aspects of both day and night
within them but strive to favor neither one or the other, as Eshu
taught them. For to succumb too much to one is to ignore half
of your very heart, and who can live like that?

"Jt is also why it is our custom to hide from Ojo at midday,
when his gaze ts most watchful, and to stay Lae for a time
every night —the Elegbara glanced at the Sidhe, whose cheeks
burned with embarrassment "— so that Iku will pass us by.
Since the kings of the world. eventually discovered that Eshu had
taken their treasures as well rather than giving them to Olorun,
they forgot what he had done to save their kingdoms and set out
to find him. That is why to this day we never stay long in any
land, to honor Eshw's cleverness in escaping them."

"What about the maiden? What happened to her?" asked
sluagh.

The Elegbara smiled. "She and Eshu had many children,
and she herself had many wonderful adventures .. . but that is
a tale for another night." So saying, the Elegbara bowed to his

CELL.

ay

CRGUREGIORS

-
ee

GH

\s
2

ZB

tw) C
an 2 KITHBOOK: ESHY

>»

&


SY

»>

yi
KY

audience, who laughed and cheered and applauded him louder
than they had any of the others. This made sidhe more upset
than ever, and he rapped his fingers on the arm of his wooden
throne and thought dark thoughts of jealousy.

When the cheering and laughing finally fulled to near silence,
sidhe put on his most gracious face, determined not to let a simple
wanderer get the best of him. "Well spoken, friend of the trails, well
spoken, but 1 believe that 1 actually once heard a much better )
telling of that ‘particular legend, which featured —." Sidhe broke }
off as troll began tugging urgently on his cape to the sound of st j
aughter from the others around the fire. At ‘first annoyed, sidhe
opened his mouth to admonish the ea ad interrupting }

)
}
\

RAL

him, then he slowly looked around, shock spreading across his face
like ripples across a pond.
The Elegbara was gone, as was the sidhe's golden goblet. Eshu

had won another wager. .

CK

a
2)
I

SS
a

IS
a,

HOW ESHV GOT THE WORLD TURNING B yy)

is

A

Sr}
cf ROSOP
—4 f\ £4

aia
ry

aah a

—

va SIZATAN


o

| Con

Standing Outside the Fire

O great one, I pay obeisance,

A young child does not confront

The powerful;

I pay obeisance

To Elegba Eshu, who is on the road. . .
Eshu the awesome,

O powerful knife!

The awesome one, on the road.
—Traditional Yoruba song of praise

Come closer to the fire, if you please. No, closer
than that. Closer still... Have no fear — we mean
you no harm. I cansee in your eyes you're looking for
introductions. You're also wondering how we knew
just where to find you in this place you believed your
very own, but soon that shall become clear. Suffice
it to say that we are others of your kind, and we're here

CHAPTER ONE: TALES FROM THE DAW NOF ALL THINGS

to help you understand the new life you've only recently
come into at last.

Please! Don't panic! When I said not to be afraid, |
was sincere. We only wish to help. You have not only
become part of a strange and wonderful world, but you
have also inherited an ancient and powerful legacy as
well, a noble line that stretches back to the dawn of time
itself. It is our duty to teach you of your true heritage, that
you might know it and walk taller for it in the days to
come. Intrigued? Excellent! Trust me, the tale only gets
better from here.

So please, settle down, warm your hands over the fire
and allow me to begin. My name is Yves; it was I who first
noticed your true heritage shining through, and I told
these others to come welcome you with me. That's right,
I call the Philadelphia area home as well, though that
does not matter tonight. I will begin by telling you about
the earliest times, when our kind strode the lands at the
dawn of the world and breathed deep of the primal magic
of creation. Listen, and be enlightened.

5

aa

YN
y

=)

Bene


YASS,
2

——

WH
a
Rue

a

TheMuthicAse

We were the first, as we shall be the last. Never let
anyone tell you differently, child.

The sidhe would like everyone to believe that they
were there in the very beginning, but it is simply not so.
How do we know? Simple, young one: because we were
there, and we looked all over the world, and they were
nowhere in sight. You're laughing, but it's true. It was
many years before we had any company at all, let alone
before the sidhe crawled out from underneath their

the roads in search of their father, bringing chance and
adventure with them as they went. Some sought to
emulate Eshu and so traveled the land, teaching those
they encountered, punishing the wicked and exploring
places never before seen. They were the first of the Ojo,
or followers of life, daylight and destiny. Others were
angry at their father for leaving them, so they stole, told
lies and played spiteful tricks on those who crossed their
paths. These would become the Iku, or followers of death,
darkness and randomness. In time there were so many of
Eshu's children that the humans they encountered came

OOK,

to think these wanderers actually were Eshu, in his many
disguises, and started worshipping them instead of offer-
ing sacrifices to the real Eshu.

Naturally, Eshu soon heard of this. Full of wrath for
having his name stolen, he came down to the world to
investigate. But when he saw what his children were
doing and how the humans feared and worshipped them,
Eshu only laughed, his anger forgotten. He saw that both
groups of his children had learned his lessons only too

mounds of dirt and decided they wished to rule the world.
But that is not the point of this story —at least, not yet.

No, back at the beginning of time came Olorun,
whose name means Owner of the Sky. He looked down
from his palace in the sky upon the emptiness of the
world, which then was nothing more than sky and void
and long stretches of dark water far below. So Olorun bid
his younger son, Obatala, the maker, to fashion a world
for him and fill it with people. He told his elder son,

K

VW)

I)

f

GUS
TIES

Orunmila, the diviner, to make for it a design so that it
might run h d p difa, th
magic of the future, would be able to glimpse this design
for themselves. Once the world had been fashioned and
all manner of creatures, including humans, had spread
across its surface, Olorun told Eshu, his linguist and
messenger, to go down to the world and begin collecting
sacrifices for him in return for having made all things
possible.

Now, Eshu was only too glad to do so, for he held
authority over roads and gateways and loved to cause
mischief for those who did not give him the proper
respect as they traveled. Understand, though, that then
as now, Eshu was neither good nor evil, but simply
himself. He pulled tricks because that was his way. The
good learned, the wicked suffered, but neither mattered
much to Eshu, for he was the servant of Olorun, and that
was all he needed. Does that sound cruel? Perhaps. But it
is the way of the orishas, and who are we to question that?

@

1 1 1,
and that those

During the course of his travels, Eshu had many
children, as was also his way — these children were only
partly divine, of course, but they shared their father's
laughter and his way of looking at the world, as well as
some of his power. Restless with magic and unable to live
in the villages they were born to, these children took to

ON 16 KITHBOOK: ESHY

ESTSSINSSASSISEM ISS

A

well, and if the humans had tricked themselves, well,
what fault of his children was that? Yet, even so, he could
not overlook the fact that they had stolen his name,
wickedly or not, and that demanded punishment, or else
all the names of creation might be stolen, returning the
world to emptiness.

Eshu thought for days and nights until he had the
punishment just right, then he called all his children to
him, from the noblest Ojo to the lowliest Iku. One group
of his children, afraid he would punish them, fled from
him instead, hiding in the wilds far away and preying on
the weak to keep themselves alive. These cowardly
beings became the first aithu, our ancient enemies, and
to this day they still lurk at the edges of our tales, fighting
over scraps of our glory. I will tell you more about them
later, but for now all you need to know is that they alone
refused Eshu's call and so did not hear his words.

For what else did Eshu tell his children buta great and
powerful secret, the first hidden lore that the Tribe was
entrusted to keep. From that day forward, they would be
Elegbara, chosen children of Elegba Eshu the Powerful
Knife, keepers of his sacred places and his messengers to
the world. With solemn words, he commanded them to
teach their children to follow in his footsteps as well, to


wander the roads, learn the world's secrets and test those
they came across. So saying, he blessed them and kissed
each of them on the forehead, sealing his magic within
them forever, and then flew back into the sky, laughing
all the while.

Although some of the new Elegbara stayed together,
speaking of matters that concerned them all, most scat-
tered to the wind There was simply too much
of the world that was still new, still unseen, for them to
rest and think about things. Brimming with their new
powers and backed by the blessing of an orisha, the
Elegbara went ten times across the horizon, looking for
the edge of the world. Soon fantastic tales began follow-
ing wherever they went, for they feared nothing and took
any risk that was offered to them, and so the legend of
Eshu and his wild deeds grew even bigger. Those few who

lee

Wa

BK TD SN
Hi Ny sO gi AN
ANY | \ \

SS

i \ SKS vf
WING Sec

A ah

Y

CHAPTER ONE: TALES FROM THE DAWN OF ALL THINGS

had stayed behind became rulers of their lands and
bonded with them, learning their secrets and tending
their sacred places. These guardians remain there still,
watching over the rest of our Tribe and keeping our
hearth fires burning. They alone remain true to the pure
bloodline of Eshu and have sacrificed the freedom of the
trails to preserve our heritage and give us guidance when
we threaten to wander too far apart. We know them as
the oba, the chieftains of our kind. If you are lucky
enough to travel their lands and catch their eye, someday
you may meet one yourself. Be polite, child: the blood of
gh their veins, undiluted by time or
chance or distance as it is in ours, and they have little
patience for fools. Youcan gain much wisdom from them.

That is the beginning of how we became what we are
today. Eshu's children gained their own name of power,
Elegbara, and the magic to carry out the sacred duties of

Lath {]
Our Tatne;r

7

eS
Sy
IS

ey
(eS
iS
=)
KS)
=)
Ky)


—

their father in whatever way they saw fit— be it righteous
Ojo justice or vicious Iku vengeance. So, what did Eshu
get out of it, you ask? Heh. You can never cheat fate,
child, or, if you prefer to think of it another way, you can
never master random chance. Eshu always comes out
ahead in the end, and he did with us, too, his own
children.

He got us to do his job for him, and be glad of it in the
bargain. See? I told you he was clever.

TheSunodering

Of course, nothing can stay perfect forever. While
the Elegbara traveled far and saw much, the humans were
learning a thing or two as well, and not the least of these
lessons was to fear our kind. Their fear, combined with

"de

£ Sf. 1
envy of ourg

* £
power tor ;

5

slowly turned the mortal world against us. They began
j ] D ¢ * A

‘3 5S: 12) More
ingenious tools that would allow them to do things their
fragile bodies were incapable of doing on their own. We
marveled as the cities we visited became ever more
fantastic, th intri
impressive, but we failed to realize the motives behind
these new innovations. We were so busy trying to teach
that we forgot to learn, so when the realms of dream and
flesh began to separate, we were caught completely off
guard. It was actually worse for us, in some ways, because
many of the trails we were accustomed to using became
increasingly difficult to travel, and the distance between
worlds frightened us, who had never had any trouble
going where we pleased before. If only we had trusted our
ifa and seen the signs, but we were too distracted.

d+h 1
Che WOTKS ifhOore

Actually, it is not quite true to blame it on our
nearsightedness, for along with traveling to these new
lands and new cultures, we had just begun talking to the
faerie folk who dwelled among the mortals that lived
there. And we were fascinated. Many of us had wondered
whether we ish ; whether
Eshu had been the only one to bestow his children with
powers like we had, and so it was something of a mixed
blessing to meet the other tribes. It was good to meet
others who could und hing about the exist-
ence we knew. Some of them even seemed to understand
life as we saw it. On the other hand, others could not

1. £ J
y favored of th

KITHBOOK: ESHY

shake the prejudices of their mortal neighbors and took
an instant dislike to us. 1 cannot claim that we did not
return some of this hatred — you cannot wave a sword in
aman's face and expect him to thank you for it. But even
in those days we had already seen enough of the world to
realize just how small and petty such feuds were. We tried
to stay above them as best we could. Some of the tribes
thought us arrogant or aloof for this, saying that we were
convinced of our own superiority, but we didn't care. We
knew better, and we kept telling our stories and trying to
teach them our ways, that they might come to under-
stand us.

It was an uphill battle, for many of them were
barbarians, and while they had rich histories and legends
of their own, they knew little of civilization. Do not
bridle so; that is a modern reaction and does not suit this
tale of ancient times. Indeed, thanks to our gifts as
linguists, we had been able to absorb the teachings of the
great empires that we encountered. From the mathemat-
ics and sciences of the Muslims to the astronomy and
mysticism of the Egyptians to the seafaring and metal-
working of our own kingdoms on the coast, we were often
years — if not decades — ahead of the humans around us.
This is not a statement of prejudice, but simply the truth.
Oh, certainly, they taught us muchas well, but in the end
was it not the barbarians of the north who imitated the
cities of our countrymen? There was much give-and-take
on both sides. In time, we even came to enjoy the strange
ways of the ile-titu, the pale folk, for we made them part
of our own.

Eventually we were able to get along with most of
them, until we finally braved the icy winds and tossing
seas that brought us to the shores of the sidhe homeland.
It was a meeting that would decide the course of our
politics for more than a millennium, as well as mark us as
forever different from the other tribes.

BHESIENY Mest

Our first meetings with the sidhe did not go as well
as we had hoped. They allowed us into their halls and
listened to our words of friendship and dip! which
we respected. Yet it was evident in their very manner that
they did not consider us their equals, but merely another

y

0
ras

tribe that would soon bend knee to them. We had long
heard whispered ies about them from the others, tales
of rulers whose every gesture exuded majesty and whose
beauty their slightest word could break hearts
—or stop them entirely. The sidhe had cowed the other
tribes, often without even so much as lifting a single
sword against them, simply by virtue of their beauty and
the aura of power that radiated from them.

Perhaps they thought that upon meeting them we
would be impressed as well and rush to fall in line behind
them. But we were used to the majesty of the oba, and so
while still dangerous in their intensity, the graceful looks
of the sidhe were not sufficient to sway us. Nor were the
pretty words they had used on the others, for we have glib

4 1 ¢ hah; 1g 1

oS So Tr

Not even their warriors frightened us, for we fight capa-
bly alone, and the group that went to greet the sidhe was
composed of the finest, bravest Elegbara of that genera-
tion, a match for a force a hundred times their size. The
talks quickly faltered as the sidhe realized that neither
their cl | | leffect. They
struggled to come up with some other way to control us.
For our part, we tried to fight the dislike we initially
developed for them. We searched for a diplomatic way of
convincing them to recognize the titles of our own lands.
More than a few of our scholars still argue over whether
there might yet have been some way it could have worked
out, if only they hadn't tried so hard to dominate us, or if
only our honor was not so easily offended. I've known
many sidhe in my lifetime — some good, some bad and
some indifferent — and I must say, as sad as it sounds, I
doubt our tribes could ever truly have met amicably.
We're simply too alike in all the wrong places and too
different in all the others. We can eventually become
friends, with some understanding, but only after a long
time spent testing and questioning each other.

Unfortunately for all concerned, things escalated
from a deadlock into violence. The sidhe commanded us

rire : 1 4

1 : 1 yt 5
tneir tneir

acknowledging our own, a demand we immediately re-
fused. Blades were drawn, blood was shed, and the Elegbara
left the castle of their sidhe hosts resolved to never
submit to the authority of this strange new tribe.

rR)
CHAPTERONE: TALES FROM THE DAW NOF ALL THINGS 19 Is)

Naturally, word spread quickly among the other
tribes. A group had dared stand up to the almighty sidhe?
In their own homeland? And survived? Some looked at
us with more suspicion than ever before, considering us
omens of anarchy and ill fortune. Others applauded our
defi behind closed doors rather than out in the open.
Suddenly the balance had shifted, another path opened
in the darkness, and the so-called Shining Host did not
like it one bit. They wanted to be the only leaders the
others felt they could turn to, and so they denied the truth
that all are children of the orishas and have the power to
grasp their own destinies.

A response was inevitable. The sidhe sent messen-
gers far and wide, bearing stories of how we were wicked
tricksters, honorless bandits and shiftless foreigners, out-
siders who were not to be trusted. Never underestimate
the cunning of the sidhe, child. Rather than take the field
against us, as we expected them todo, they instead turned
ourown 2 us, spreading tales that twisted our
strengths into flaws in the eyes of those we traveled
among, using their command over the other tribes to
make these slanders carry weight. So now, instead of
seeing us for what we were, the other tribes saw us
fulfilling another one of the sidhe's wicked lies. No
matter how hard we tried to persuade them otherwise,
most of them sided with the sidhe, either out of loyalty to
their masters or fear of reprisal.

What could we do against that? We could not go to
war with them, or it would play into their tales of "wicked
heathen conquerors." Besides, we knew they would only
bully the other tribes into fighting on their behalf, and
that would only make the others hate us even more.
Indeed, even when we stood beside our families during
the Crusades, doing little but help protect our kin, they
still managed to paint us as barbarians and cannibals
standing in the path of their God. (Us! Barbarians! To
even think of it!) Yet neither could we be silent in the
face of such charges, and so while we could not raise our
fists against our enemies, we did our best, by stories and
by example, to let the others know that we were not the
cowardly bandits their leaders warned them about. It was
along and difficult road, but that is the only kind we truly
enjoy, and we had made some progress along it when the
world shifted once again.

hd

a

=
CJ

ay)
fa
ey
is
«
(>

KS

sy
es

S

=)
iS
=),
iS
es)
iS)
(K

Ss

=)
ws)

—

TheShattering

ae
4

We saw the Shattering coming before the rest of the
tribes, but thanks to the stigma attached to our words by
the sidhe, the others refused to listen to us, to everyone's
eventual regret. For our part, we had learned from the
lesson of the Sundering and now trusted the ifa to show
us a glimpse of the will of the orishas. What we saw
horrified us, for while we watched and even encouraged
the enlightenment of our mortal cousins, we never sus-
pected the darkness in their hearts to have attained such

1 1 5 Sa IAG
y sever this world trom the Dream-

power as t
ing. I suppose that seems the obvious next step to modern
eyes, child, but you must remember first that these
hang k pl decades or centuries, not just in
the span of one terrible night. That made it easy for the
others to deny it was happening, you see, for a slow slide
is seldom obvious except to those who are willing to
listen to the most unpleasant truths. The other tribes
firmly believed that the damage of the Sundering was
temporary, that it would heal in time. When we brought
word of the devastation to come, they closed their ears to
us. The Elegt d watched, tricked and told
tales as always, but did so with the bittersweet knowledge
that what we saw before us was soon to fall to pieces.

We did enjoy one moment of triumph when the
Shattering finally hit. We hed as the sidhe, so strong
and brave, ran like terrified children at the first sign of
true danger. A few stayed behind, outcasts to their own
kind. These showed the only touch of true nobility we've
ever seen in that tribe. They alone retain our respect, to
this very day. Even this victory had asour taste, however,
for in their haste to return to Ilesha, the sidhe slew any
commoners who got in their way. And once they had
made their way into the kingdom, they closed the gates,
locking out even those tribes loyal to them. We do not
regret that the others saw the illusions of their glorious
tulers shattered. But the loss of life surrounding the
ignominious retreat of the sidhe was most terrible, the
greatest fferi gf. had infli d fae For that we
wept, for it could have been avoided if the others had only
been free to hear our words.

The Changeling
A

Wait a moment, you say, were not the
Elegbara already half-mortal, the children
Eshu made with mortal women? Didn't they
already have mortal disguises? The answer is
both yes and no. Yes, Eshu did have children
by mortal women, and the Elegbara could use
their heritage to appear human when they
desired. At the same time, they were not in
the least bit human, at least not before the
Changeling Way ritual was adopted to hide
from Banality. They were what Western schol-
ars would call demigods, more than human
but not truly divine. We know themas orishas.
Those Elegbara who lived before the Shatter-
ing were to us what ordinary humans are to
ants, or what the Tuatha de Danaan are to
the sidhe. We are but shadows of their power

and greatness.
The fact that they had sometimes taken
f human form did make it easier

to accept the ritual, in some ways. Most
at least livi

g E g g
mortals. What's more, their command of
mortal history and traditions meant they
understood something of how humans lived.
This helped ease some of the trauma of tran-
sition. Oh, make no mistake, child, the tak-
ing on of mortal disguises was no less long and
painful for us. We were simply better pre-
pared for it.


Theinterregnum

Having been prepared by reading our own ifa, the
Elegbara were hit less hard by the change than were the
rest of the tribes, though the cold grip of raw Banality was
still brutal. Indeed, while most of Europe fell into panic
and despair alongside their faerie cousins as the old ways
faltered and the Black Death stalked the streets, our
homelands were cleaner, and we actually enjoyed a
modest period of enlightenment during the chaos in the
north. True, no longer could our oba rule mortals di-
rectly, but humans had learned much from us in the
meantime. Oba became myths instead, models for future
caliphs and chieftains to emulate, rather than actual
rulers to be heeded. Likewise, stories of Elegbara wander-
ers became folktales and proverbs, teaching others the
folly of their ways but no longer bearing testimony to our
existence. Such is one price of our disguises, | suppose.

In time, the other tribes began to seek us out, and we
struck up talks with them once again. Only a few apolo-
gies were offered, but we did not mind, for they
had suffered much at the hands
of their treacherous lead-
ers. We did not wish to
stir up further ill will
in a time already
overflowing with it.
The first motleys
formed, offering iy
protection and
companion-
ship

4

across tribal boundaries. Freeholds lit their Balefires for
eh mont ‘ a] ]

and hope. Wise agemo gathered circles of those who
knew our ways, and supported us. Faeri iety endured.
Little by little, hope returned as well.

And that, child, is the final lesson to be learned from
the Sundering, the Shattering, the Interregnum, even
the modern era — hope. It doesn't matter what kind of
challenge is set before us. We will triumph and even
flourish. With this in mind, what came next isn't nearly
so surprising.

phic seof
Exploration
In the wake of the great plagues and our own adop-
tion of the Changeling Way ritual, the mortals began the
most interesting time we had ever seen, the days of
exploration, when mortals turned their sights to the
horizon in search of adventure, discovery and prosperity.
Historians have spit on this time since then, and not
without some cause. After all, many of these explorers
i i din little

more than their own personal gain.
The fact remains that it was a
thrilling time for us to be alive,
= child! We were still reeling from
the Shattering, and these
voyages provided us with

iP
aa kK a much-needed way to

regain something of
our former glory.
Here we could be in
our element once
more: tossing

seas,

wy

CHAPTERONE: TALES FROM THE DAW NOF ALL THINGS nN)
His


1 1+ ols ALS, AA Even

better for us, most captains didn't care what color their
sailors happened to be or what "superstitions" they held
as long as they could keep the ship afloat and moving.
This allowed us to overcome some of the traditional
prejudices of the times and mix freely with the other
tribes. It was a time of new ideas and new beginning:
mortals and fae alike were in dire need of both, not to
mention the strange new world only just being discov-
ered.

an

Indeed, no one quite knew what to make of the
a

fg = waiting just 7
I believe everyone saw in it precisely what she needed to
see. Some of our kind sought the land beyond the sea
because they believed it would be free of Banality. Others
simply wanted peace, homes where they could raise their
children away from the ancient feuds and warring king-
doms of their homelands. Still others thrilled to the song
of conquest and exploration in the name of some higher
power, or even simply for their own glory. Regardless of
the source, the mortals dreamed of it feverishly as well,
and on the long voyages we would soak ourselves in their
vibrant, hopeful Glamour until we were nearly drunk
with the sheer joy of it!

dentirel

More than a few ships of the age y
by Kithain and sailed the seas of the Dreaming as well as
the oceans of the mortal world. They form the basis for
many of the legends of "ghost ships" that would be
sighted in one place, only to appear somewhere else far
distant the next day. Some of these carried settlers, just
as their mortal counterparts did, but more than a few of
them were used for exploration alone. As often as not,

captain or crew for such

vessels.

Of course, not all of our ancestors chose professions
that juite as honorable. As soon as they took to the
seas, many Elegbara became feared for their skill as
pirates and privateers. It must be admitted that it was
their style and flair for the dramatic as often as their
actual i i acc ounted for many of | | d
Carousing in alehouses with rowdy satyrs (while a trusty
troll first mate watched the ship, of course) and crossing

t=)

swords while trading quips with vile redcaps and vicious
nockers were the order of the day. So were trading tall
tales of travels past with pooka in a smoky tavern or
thumbing your nose at a mortal navy while you set sail
into the Dreaming. Those were truly days of greatness,
child.

Even now, in the Fiefs of Bright Paradise, there are
still pirates real and chimerical, and it's a safe bet to say
that more than half are Elegbara. Indeed, the self-pro-
claimed Pirate Queen of the region, Hanna "Dark Tide"
Alawe, is one of our own, and her skill with cutlass, sails
and ifa keep her one step and one move ahead of all who
attempt to catch her.

The Triangle Trade

I can see in your eyes you were wondering when this
topic would come up. There is little I can say about it, for
even we become speechless when struck with too much
horror. The practice of taking and trading slaves is
possibly the oldest and most shameful invention of hu-
manity. I cannot deny that sometimes the most wicked
fae would steal | virtual slaves in their ile-
igbo, discarding them when they were of no further use.
But those facts do nothing to offset the actual experience
of the Triangle Trade — the brutal raids, the humiliating
auctions, th ifyi yages upon ships packed
below deck, and the horror of surviving only to die in a
faraway land after a life of backbreaking labor. Many of
ourkind were lost alongside their kin. Ifthe iron manacles
most traders f d did nor kill tright, the denial of
our freedom made us as good as dead, in mind if not in
body.

If there is one thing you can be sure of, it is this. No
Elegbara were involved in any part of the slave trade, not
ever. That may sound very pat and convenient to you,
but I swear it is the truth, as Olorun rules above. It is
simply antithetical to our nature in the most fundamen-
tal way. To trade in slaves would destroy one of us in days,
as this is perhaps the most severe violation of Uhuru
there is.

tightly
SY y

So, why did it continue in our lands, you ask, if we
were so opposed to it? There were simply too few of us and
too many mortals possessed by greed. A worldwide net-

work of our kind known as the Freedom Swords was
established to try to unseat the vile practice. They fought
their battles in secrecy, and legends of their cunning
ruses, daring rescues and midnight raids have since be-
come the Elegbara equivalent of your "Robin Hood"
tales. Even they were only a handful of heroes thrown
against a tenacious and monumental evil. Never under-
estimate the hold that money creates. There is no assess-
ment of blame, only a legacy of guilt, suffering and sorrow
that persists to this very day.

ThelindustrialRevolution

We had little interest in the new movements mortals
were making with factories and assembly lines, save to
avoid them. Instead, we kept our energy focused on the
| ongoing exploration occurring in various colonies and

territories around the world, continuing to push our-
selves always just beyond the fringes of mortal habita-
tion. We wept for the nunnehi, who endured hardships
much like our own kin had at the hands of the settlers,
and did our best to bring word of impending attacks to
them before it was too late. Sadly, they were already
deeply scarred by the loss of their homelands, and most
bid us to depart without hearing our words.

The atmosphere of the westward movement was
different as well. Unlike the boist i
open sea, these journeys filled mortals with a grim,
humorless disposition that puzzled us. Was this how they
viewed their new promised land? We sensed something
deeper to this but could never quite place it.

f+,
or the

The only thing that truly captured our interest was
the growing field of transportation — steam engines,
locomotives, automobiles, even the early attempts at
heavier-than-air flight. Asa Tribe, we were divided. The
Ojo preferred to walk, as is our ancient custom, or at most
use a mount if the need was pressing. The Iku loved the
new devices and quickly set to mastering them, in the

process creating a friendship with the nocker kith that
lasts to this day. The possibilities these new machines
opened up, and the Glamour we harvested from mortals
who dreamt of their potential, was a welcome surge of
strength in a world becoming increasingly unrecogniz-

able.

CHAPTER ONE: TALES FROM THE DAW NOF ALL THINGS

DONT PT DP OT PDT

The TwentiethCentury

When the twentieth century began, it was as if some
unseen switch had been pulled, turning the world ever
faster. Ifa became muddled and confused, ever harder to
understand, as the future swirled uncertainly in the
hands of the orishas. It quickly became obvious what
some of the grim quiet of the past century meant. Hu-
manity was close to reaching a boiling point with their
science, their technology and their numbers, and it was
bubbling over at last. We thrilled to the wildness of the
‘20s, battled terrible evil worldwide in World War II,
went on the road with the free spirit of the beatnik ‘50s
and hippie ‘60s, and celebrated the explosion of freedom
and democracy at the end of the ‘80s. Humanity made it
clear that it was capable of greater evil than it had ever
known, true, but also that it was setting its sights to
greater achievement than ever before. In 1969, still flush
with the Glamour of the music and expression of the
times, we watched with the same awe as the rest of the
world as the first humans took their steps on the moon.
We cheered and thought to ourselves that maybe every-
thing would turn outall right after all. Little did we know
that the same act of human glory would also bring back
the ancient rivals we had believed gone forever, the

sidhe.

The Resurgence

When the Shining Host came flooding back through
the gates of Ilesha, we stood transfixed at the sight. While
the other tribes were mute with fear and wonder, we were
stilled by a great sense of anger and sadness, for we knew
what must surely come of their return. In the centuries
since the sidhe fled, we had joined with the other tribes
to keep faerie society from falling apart. We'd endured
terrible hardships together and even taken great steps
toward reclaiming some of our past glory, if not in front
of mortal eyes, then at least in rebuilding the chimerical
world. There was a stronger sense of unity and brother-
hood among the Kithain than ever before. What's more,
the rise of democracy and the idea of freedom and
equality for all ensured that each generation was more
egalitarian than the last.

3

egies
ig
Ss

a)

SI
SS
&
&)
&
e

©

KEAN

y
BASS aS
ie

rs

~

Though it was a hard road and the journey to true
unity is still far from over, we saw how much the tribes
had plished working together in the ti i
Shattering. We knew that the sidhe would shatter it all
in a heartbeat.

TheAccordance War

Our role in the Accordance War is well known. We

| I ts, suing for peace with the

sidhe in back rooms and audience chambers, trying to
make them see the world was not and could never again
be their tidy little fiefdom. When those means failed, we
were scouts, skirmishers and assassins, using our gifts to
hit our targets and then fade quietly into the night. Our
impassioned speeches stirred the commoners to resist the
wiles of the sidhe, while our slashing steel assured them
that we were more than willing to back up our words with
deeds. When the tide of the war turned darker, we joined
the now-legendary "suicide squads," like Oklahoma's
noble Thirteenth Brigade, Jersey's defiant Storm Crows
and the itinerant fanatics of the infamous commoner

Wolfpack. When their last stand finally came, facing
down a forest of sidhe pikes, this latter group alone was
responsible for the deaths of nearly a hundred of the
enemy. Elegbara fought with passion, knowing full well
that sidhe rule could mean only a reinstatement of the
oppression and distrust of centuries past.

Oh, it is true that some of our kind served on the side
of the sidhe during the war, primarily Ojo, who believed
it was the will of the orishas that the sidhe had returned
to rule. But the majority of Elegbara fought them to their
last breath, Ojo and Iku alike. And while we can under-
stand some of the oaths and inclinations that drove the
loyalists of the other trib their placest
the sidhe once more, we can only weep for what might
have been if they had refused to hear their former
masters' call. If the other tribes only had the courage to
stand up for themselves and recognize that they did not
need the sidhe leading them, that they had made their
greatest achievements after the sidhe fled (in disgrace, no
less), what a different world we might have now!

56


The HishKing Ascends the
rone

When High King David Ardry ap Gwydion took the
throne, I must confess there was a long period of bitter
anticipation among the Elegbara, for we had already felt
some of the bite of sidhe displeasure and fully expected
him to follow the lead of his fellows and view us with the
same contempt. To our great surprise, he did not, nor did
he back down in the slightest on his vow to create a
representative parliament, grant amnesty to commoners
captured during the war or any of a dozen other promises
made during his early days on the throne. Even under
pressure from his fellow sidhe to cast the commoners
aside and rule with aloof authority, he lived true to his
promises of friendship to all and did his best to mend the
wounds of the war and heal the fae of Concordia. If
anything, we hy ones, inspecting his
every land deed f f treachery or animos-
ity, and so we wound up missing out on many of the early
policy decisions of Concordia because we would not
accept his oft-offered hospitality.

While we could never bring ourselves to trust the
sidhe as a whole, over time we grew willing to accept and
eventually follow David's lead. There was hope in the
kingdom, even with unrest in the mortal world and
whispers of Winter looming on the horizon. Noble and
commoner had their differences, and bad blood still ran
deep for some members of both sides, but David did his
best to bridge the gap, and so our kind had a time to heal
and renew its ties once more.

AkingIsLost

This is the saddest of tales. Across the sea, an ifa to
Kotoyesi, ruler of the Kingdom of Ife and the greatest

living oba, had a vision in which the High King disap-
peared in a cloud of blackness and the kingdom of
Concordia was pitched into chaos, spreading a blood-red
stain across the world. As the kingdoms fell to steel and
fire, a wolf bearing the moon in its jaws dropped from the
skyand| Jed he world. Where its paws touched
the earth became cracked and frozen, as if in the grip of
aterrible frost. A dark star burst to lifein the h
then there was silence like the grip of death surrounding
all things under the sky. Kotoyesi i liately dispatched
Hazir and Akuko, his swiftest runners, along the fastest
trods he knew, all the while trying to contact the High
King through modern means, but it was to no avail. Hazir
and Akuko were lost without a trace somewhere along
the great trods that cross the sea, and Kotoyesi's attempts
to raise the royal palace at Tara-Nar, or indeed anywhere
else in Concordia, were greeted with a maddening elec-
trical silence. By the time the connection was re-estab-
lished, it was too late — David was missing, and Concordia
was in an uproar.

,and

Now, child, it appears war is once again on the
horizon, as old hatreds rekindle and the dark faerie tribes
return to the world. Likewise, mortals have reached
unparalleled heights of progress but once more splinter
into factions that can only bode ill for global harmony.
Are we on the verge of a new Spring or an Endless
Winter? It is a darkening time, but the dawn of a new
millennium as well — a time, in short, of great
unpredictability, when accident and chance seem as
much the rule as purpose and destiny.

That's right, child. It is our time. At last, it is our
time.

CHAPTER ONE: TALES FROM THE DAW NOF ALL THINGS 25

V
ASS

aa
¥

Mi


Traveling as far and wide as they have, it is no
surprise that the Elegbara have come up with a number
of different names and descriptions of things they en-
counter in their travels. Though the language tends to
vary from region to region, some terms have remained
nearly constant since the beginning of the Tribe

Abeokuta (ah-BEH-o-koo-TAH) — Literally, "un-
der the rocks"; the name of a city. Also used by the
Elegbara to indicate the underworld or those things that
dwell there.

Abiku (ah-bee-koo) — A ghost or restless spirit,
derived from legends al illb hildren who would
return repeatedly to plague their parents. Also mule
(MOO-ley).

Agemo (ah-GEH-maw) — Literally, a chameleon;
used by the Elegbara for their kinain, or blood relatives,
since they blend in with both faerie and mortal society.

Aithu (EYE-thew) — The debased Thallain coun-
terparts of the Elegbara, these scavengers have escaped
imprisonment in the Deep Dreaming and recently re-
turned to Earth. They travel in packs and subsist mainly
by thievery and confidence schemes.

Awo (ah-WO) — A secret cult or society, or just a
single secret.

Bete (BET-eh) —A shape changer, one of the many
tribes of beast-people in the world.

Elegba (eh-LEH-GBAH) — A praise name for the
orisha Eshu.

Elegbara (eh-leh-gbah-RAH) — A different name
for the orisha Eshu; taken as a family name by his
changeling descendants, who also refer to themselves as
Eshu's Chosen or variations on that title. Can be either
singular or plural, depending on context.

iS

J)

Engai (n-GUY) — A sentient chimera, or chimeri-
cal beast; also used by shamanistic Elegbara for the spirits
of the natural world.

26 KITHBOOK: ESHY

Ly

L\ oF
Oy:
>,

Wan

AY

Eshu (ay-shoo) — The orisha of accident, chance
and unpredictability, messenger and linguist to the great
orisha Olorun, a trickster who h g y d
highways. Father of the Elegbara tribe of changelings.
Eshu is also the Kithain name for the Elegbara; while the
name is not disrespectful, they prefer the latter, as it is
more unique to them.

Griot (GREE-oh) — A storyteller and oral historian
responsible for remembering the lore of a tribe and
passing it on to the next generation. Many oba eshu are
griot to their tribes.

Ifa (ee-FAH)—A name for h ish f divi i '
Orunmila. Also used to designate the actual tools and
processes of divining. Also the Elegbara name for the
Soothsay Art.

Tjapa (ee-jah-PAH) — Literally a tortoise; the ani-
mal trickster hero of Yoruba legend. An Elegbara name
for the pooka kith.

Iku (ee-koo) — Death and dark sal
Elegbara equivalent to Unseelie.

Ile-Igbo (ee-lay-EE-GBO) — Literally, "a jungle
place"; any mythological city or location. Also the
Elegbara term for a freehold; i lled a hounfour
(hon-four).

Ilesha (ee-LA Y-ee-shah) — Translates to the House
of God; a paradise, considered equivalent to the Kithain
ideal of Arcadia.

Ile-Titu (ee-LEH tee-TOO) — A praise name for
the orisha Sonponno; has also become an Elegbara slang
term for those of European ancestry, as it literally trans-
lates to "of cold ground," and Sonponno is the orisha of
disease, which ran rampant during the days of early
contact with the white folk.

Iroko (ee-ro-ko) — A variety of oak tree; also the
Elegbara name for the ghille dhu kith.

Itiyere (ee-tee- YEH-REH) — An uncommon slang
term for sidhe, derived from traditional ceremonial char-
acters who have extremely exaggerated long ears.

das the


Jakuta (JAH-koo-TAH) — A praise name for the
lightning orisha Shango, meaning Stone Thrower. The
Elegbara name for the troll kith.

Kehinde (KO-EEN-day) — Lastborn of twins; the
Elegbara name for the piskey kith.

Kokumo (KO-KOO-maw) — A personal name that
translates to He Will Never Die; the Elegbara title for the
| Egyptian ruler Osiris specifically, as well as all others who
underwent the transformation into the Undying.

Oba (AW-bah) — A ruler or king. Also used to
indicate a noble race of Elegbara, the last pure bloodline
descended from Eshu, who have stayed behind to guard
the ancestral homelands of their Tribe and offer guidance
to their traveling cousins. Fewer than a hundred are
known to exist, and they are entirely unknown to the
Kithain at large.

Obatala (aw-bah-tah-lah) — The orisha who cre-
ated dry land and the first humans. Son of Olorun and
younger brother of Orunmila.

Ogun (O-goon) — Orisha of iron. Also the Elegbara
name for Dauntain and other hunters of changelings.

Ojo (aw-jaw) — Daylight and life; the Elegbara
equivalent of Seelie.

Olokun (O-LO-koon) — Orisha of the sea. The
Elegbara name for selkies, and to a lesser extent other
aquatic kiths.

Olokuta (O-LO-koo-tah) — Orisha of stone; the
Elegbara name for the nocker kith.

Olorun (aw-LA W-roon) — The supreme orisha and
ruler of the sky; roughly equivalent to the Western
notion of God.

Olu-Igbo (0-loo-EE-GBO) — Orisha of the bush
and the wilderness; the Elegbara name for the satyr kith.

Opa (aw-PAH) — A staff, the favored weapon of
many Elegbara.

Orisha (o-ree-shah) — A god or demigod, often a
deified ancestor. Viewed as "patron saints" of their par-
ticular realms of control, they are offered prayers and
sacrifices in return for their favor. For example, all
Elegbara offer praise and sacrifice to Eshu, their father

>

orisha, to assure them of good luck in their travels. Also
loa (low-ah).

Orisha-Nla (o-ree-shah-nLAH) — Literally the
"Huge Orisha," it is another name for Obatala, maker of
the earth. It is also used to refer to a number of lesser
orishas created from pieces of Obatala's body, who watch
over the elements. Also, the Elegbara name for the
Inanimae.

Orisha-Oko (o-ree-shah O-KO) — The orisha of
agriculture and the hearth. Elegbara refer to the boggan
kith by this name, or sometimes by the shortened version
of oko.

Orunmila (aw-ROON-mee-lah) — Eldest son of
Olorun, and the orisha of divination.

Oshosi (aw-shaw-see) — The orisha of hunting;
also, the Elegbara name for redcaps.

Rom — Conventionally known as Gypsies, this
itinerant culture has long ties with the Elegbara, espe-
cially their Urmen family. They distrust non-Gypsies, to
the point where even Elegbara of Rom descent distrust
others of their kind. They speak Romany.

Shilmulo (SHEEL-moo-loh) — A vampire or simi-
lar corporeal undead.

Sonponno (shawn-pawn-naw) — The orisha of dis-
ease, especially those that produce sores or lesions. The
Elegbara name for the sluagh kith, derived from their
unfortunate appearance and not generally derogatory.

Taiyewo (TAH-yah-wo) — Eldest of twins; also, the
Elegbara name for clurichaun.

Tribe — For the Elegbara, a family of changelings
with an orisha patron; the equivalent to the term kith.
Capitalized when referring to the Elegbara themselves.

Uhuru (00-hoo-roo) — Literally, "freedom." The
Elegbara philosophy of freedom for all beings to pursue
their own destiny; their name for the Spirit Pathways
Birthright.

rae

O

A

SS
Re

Ys

O

Ze

>TADD y SP

SS

Wee

SA

—
bx

Sea



Ter ‘

SS

tes

QR

WS

2)

SSS
MLR

It just doesn't get any better —

There isn't a captain

There's only a crew!

The storms we weather together —

The places we' ve been

And the things that we do!

— The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, "Pirate Ship"

Elesbara Society

Bonsoir, chile. My name is Marie. These fine gentle-
men have decided it would be best if I were the one to tell
you a thing or two about what life in the Tribe is like, so
you'll know what to expect long after tonight's campfire
has done burned out. What's that? Oh, why thank you,
chile! I see you've already got the family talent for
flattery. Tell you what, when this night's over, I'll tell you
alittle secret about me, maybe slow those sweet words of
yours a touch. Sound good, cherie? Well then, settle in,
and let's let the story take shape again.

CHAPTER TWO:ACULTURE WITHOVT BORDERS oes

Growing VpEshu

It should come as no surprise, really, that different
members of our Tribe come into their faerie nature in a
lot of ways, depending on where they were raised and how
the society around them treats those with our special
talents. Some are eased into their new lives and can
reflect on every step of the process with patience and

wisdom; others are dropped into it faster than they can
j ] ]

i must g! ir way through
even the smallest parts. Fortunately, as you're learning

tonight, fellow Elegbara have a habit of showing up in


1} 1 1
o

either P the transition and
teach them about their heritage.

Now, I know this doesn't always hold true, chile, but
I've seen quite a number of our kind come into them-
selves over the years, and so I wouldn't discount my words
out of hand, either.

Africanand
Middle Eastern

Those Elegbara born in our ancestral homelands
generally have the best time of it, as you might well
imagine. Many of the cultures there still recognize the
orishas and pay homage to Eshu, and no few of them are
our blood-kin either, always watchful for another one of
us to raise her head. It's quite possible that a child could
grow up hearing about our ways her entire life, even if she
only thinks it's make-believe, and that makes it a lot
easier to deal with her when the Chrysalis occurs. An
Elegbara child born in these lands might even be raised
in the court of one of the oba, if she is especially lucky —
this iscommon in areas strong with our kin. The other fae
tribes don't travel to these lands much. We generally
have free rein to teach what we want and go where we
please without them interfering, especially the cursed
sidhe.

Those of us born to the lands most favored by Eshu
are typically the ones best suited to telling our history and
legends, and we tend to be those with the greatest sense
of our ultimate purpose. Even the Iku raised here have a
strong appreciation of the truths and meanings that
underlie all things — they just choose to deny it, is all.
This is also the center of the highest concentration of
those of our Tribe who follow the Muslim faith, as might
well be expected. It's due to their influence that the
Elegbara of this region tend to focus on their relationship
with their community rather than seeing themselves as
completely alone in the world. Part of the price of having
| the end of th lonial
is that we're the ones responsible for it, and we have no
one to blame but ourselves if disaster falls upon it.

qs 7
Unis Territory era

Indian
There aren't too many of us born in these parts these
days, at least not recently, but Indians have absorbed
enough of our legend that some of our kind do surface
still, and the oba have some lands here, so | figured I'd
mention them. India is the original homeland of the
Rom, our Gypsy blood, and while they've done about as
ll | to scatter i | ll the map,
they still have roots here, too, so it gives us something of
acommon ground when we need to talk to them. Around
India there's a lot of stress on mysticism and the illusion
of reality, which suits us fine. Those of us born here tend
to follow their Ojo nature, and most have a definite flair
for the Arts of our kind, becoming wanderir 1g My d
holy men. Some of them, however, decide that if reality
is an illusion, then it really does mean that there's no
point in anything, and so those few who embrace their
Iku side make up for it by being some of the most devilish
souls in our Tribe. Either way, in Indian Elegbara our
affinity for tales tends to show up in the form of parables
and riddles, which we leave to the audience to decipher
to gain enlightenment. Their oba tend to be even more
obscure in their teachings, but chile, believe me, if one
tells you something, you do your best to puzzle it out,
because it's bound to teach you something that will
change your entire worldview.

Rom

Although many of the other tribes believe that all
Elegbara share ancestry with the Rom, the actual number
of us who do is really quite small. They remain even to us
a highly proud and secretive people and most likely
always will be. No, the real reason for the perception is
that the Romani were among the first of our kind to move
among the Kithain of Europe and the Americas, so it was
those Elegbara whom the other tribes first laid eyes on,
and their impression stuck, for better or worse. Make no
mistake about it, though, chile, those of our kind raised
among the Rom are some of the most clever, most
adaptable Elegbara alive, with a true passion for the road
anda habit of ituati | Idn't

g

&

squirm out of. They're raised from birth to believe in
magic and dark things stalking the night, not to mention
taught all sorts of old folktales and the like. Most make
the change into true Elegbara with little difficulty; I
reckon that when you're already used to living on the
edge of "polite" society, it's not much of a stretch to join
a world even further apart from the mundane one, non?
Quite a few remain close with their mortal families,
traveling with them to act as guardians and spokesmen
for their kin, although a growing number are going their
own way and adopting motleys of their fellow Kithain as
their surrogate families. Those who leave their Rom past
behind seldom speak of it, however, even with lovers or
close friends — for them, the ties of blood include the
bonds of silence, and if there is one thing the Romani
value, it's privacy from the prying eyes of outsiders.

Al L gh El gl 11 q is 1
those of Rom ancestry are truly inspired and can weave
lies like spider webs — so fine and delicate that one can
hardly notice them, yet strong and sure to bind fast
whoever blunders into them. There is a reason we refer to
trickery and con games by one of their terms, chile! But
don't misunderstand me: despite centuries of prejudice
saying otherwise, the Rom are not innately devious.
Indeed, most would rather put out one eye than tell a lie
to those they cherish! They've lived apart from the rest
of the world for so long and fought against so much hatred
and violence that they don't consider non-Romani wor-
thy of their trust or respect. So they have no trouble
taking what they want from outsiders however they can.
It isneither good nor evil, it's simply their way. If you earn
their trust, Elegbara or otherwise, you'll know it; until
then, be friendly, but remember that you're still an
outsider to them.

Americanand European

Allright, chile, let me tell yousomething. Before this
century, Elegbara born of European ancestry were as rare
as sinners at a Christmas service, either here or in the Old
Country. About the only exceptions were the Moors in
Spain, who brought our learning to the barbarians of the

41 pT
WitihWOTGS,

CHAPTER TWO: ACULTURE WITHOVT BORDERS

>>> VOI

time, and the Portuguese, who shared our love of explo-
ration and were some of our closest kin during the race to
the New World. Certainly, we had cousins in the taiyewo
and kehinde of the British Empire, but no matter how
close they remained to us, they were not true Elegbara
any longer. Aside from the occasional passionate tryst or
forbidden marriage, our blood did not mingle much with
those of the other tribes. Then came the triangle trade
and the move to the New World, and many of our kin

i gged h n chai went there
to find new horizons and escape the tyranny of old
traditions. Unfortunately, in the rush of the journey
many of our old ways and legends were lost, so that while
those Elegbara who came to the realm across the ocean
found themselves with a glorious new land to explore,
few had any real grasp of their truenature. South America
isa little better, since it was settled by colonists friendlier
to our ways, but hol Elegbara wl h
New World were hard pressed to keep their traditions
alive.

So, it became more common that those of the Tribe
who were born to children of the slaves and settlers
gained our powers, but not our knowledge. While this has
gradually been died as time passed and the prejudice
against us and our kin diminished in favor of celebrating
our roots, it is still the main problem with those born in
Concordia or the Old Country. Unless one of the Tribe
finds them early on, many are confused about their role
in the world and become little more than rootless vaga-
bonds, because that's what the other tribes expect them
to be. On the positive side, this need to get by on their
own makes most of them fierce individualists and daring
adventurers, which we respect. Without knowledge of
what they truly are, though, most manifest their gift for
stories as a love of folktales and more recently the "urban
legends" of the areas they live in, although some take up
the life of con games that they're told is their birthright.
As Concordia rises in prominence and the number of
Elegbara born there grows, this task of finding those who
have not learned the truth of their heritage has become

5

a

‘04
Y,
ag

aS

i
KS

PTSD a ee

Ss

as)
es
Ns
eS
S

Qa?

;
y}

Lj
ane

more important than ever before. Fortunately, chile, we
Elegbara haven't met a challenge we didn't like!

PrettyFacfora White
Guy

It is apparently a matter of some debate in the other
tribes whether Elegbara of other races really exist. Al-
though it is evident to you already, chile, what the answer
to this question is, I feel I must take a minute to truly lay
this misconception to rest. While the majority of the
tribe traces its mortal ancestry to roots in Africa, India,
the Middle East or even the Rom, ultimately it is Eshu
himself who decides who bears his mark. After all, he is
the orisha of accid. ich and what better descrip-
tion of genetics could there be than that? There are
families as ancientas Africa itself whoh
an Elegbara infant, while another family with a motley
assortment of European nations for a pedigree may find
itself with an Elegbara child after only one or two genera-
tions. The Chosen of Eshu have been to every corner of
the world over time — one never knows when or where
their influence might show up!

Of course, this is not to say that such Elegbara are
common, nor that their lives are any easier on account of
their ancestry. Not only must they cope with their new
existence as one of the fae, but they must also combat the
notion (both within and without, I fear) that they are
somehow not "true eshu" because of the simple chance of
their ancestry. To this I say that while they are certainly
in the minority of the Tribe, if Eshu has seen fit to make
them one of his Chosen, then damn what the world

might think!

NativeAmerican

What'd you say? Yes, chile, you heard me right.
There are a very, very few of the Tribe born to Native
American ancestry. Though many are the result of later
migrations, a handful are the descendants of ancient
explorers who dared the wild ocean by trods or ships to
make landfall centuries before Columbus and his kind
were even born. Those that survived found a culture
agreeable to the orishas, and over time they merged
together, forming a bond that lasts to this day. Most of

hicrlk A
DITTNea

32 KITHBOOK: ESHYV

1

irheritage in th y ofnunnehi

th

and more than a few of them don't even realize they're
any different from their spirit brothers and sisters until
they meet one of our kind. From what I hear, they share
the same deep bond with the earth that their nunnehi
relatives do and can call upon the native totems as well
as the orishas to work their magic. Some of them even
claim to be able to walk into the spirit worlds as the Bete
do, but as for me, chile, I'll believe that when I see it. We
Elegbara are good at getting places, no question, but |
doubt that any of our kind could go somewhere as
fantastic as that and not return bragging of it the entire
way!

Well, believe it or not, chile, most of these Elegbara
are deeply in tune with their adopted tribes and call on
their gift for tales in the form of tribal legends and secrets,
avaluable gift indeed in these times in which the ancient
ways are too often left to decay. They generally leave the
rest of us be, and even if their nunnehi kin don't care for
us much, they're still family deep down.

Asian

If you were listening during the history, you heard
that the faerie folk of the Middle Kingdom (as they call
Asia) are polite but not exactly receptive to our kind.
They have claimed their territory, and while they're not
aggressive about it, don't you go thinking that doesn't
mean they won't... remove you if they catch you on their
territory, chile. Still, when has putting a "Do Not Enter"
sign up somewhere been anything but a challenge to our
Tribe? So yes, while they are quite rare and generally
limited to the islanders and the nomadic tribes of the
northern lands, there are Elegbara of Asian upbringing as
well. Our ways tend to wear quickly on many of the
societies there. While they approve of hospitality and
j i f duty and honor, the wander-
ing habits of the Tribe tend to be viewed with suspicion,
a sign of weak character or deep troublemaking tenden-
cies. What's more, outside of the few cultures there that
support such habits, these differences tend to make us
easy to notice (if not as easy to catch), and believe me,
chile, that is never a good thing when it comes to the
hsien, the native changelings. Thus, most Elegbara born
and raised in the Middle Kingdom tend to either quickly


learn how to suppress some of their wilder tendencies
(which leads no few to fall into Banality, sadly enough)
or else take up lifestyles that allow them to camouflage
these traits somewhat. They become performers, fisher-
men, wandering monks, and so on. It's a risky existence,
to be sure, and no few of them flee it for lives of greater
freedom elsewhere. But take it from me, as one who has
had a glimpse of the ancient cities and sweeping land-
scapes waiting throughout the Middle Kingdom, for
some of us it's a risk worth taking.

talents in public for fear of attracting attention from the
hsien, Elegbara of Asian birth tend to channel their gift
for tales into writing and poetry. A few even claim it was
one of Eshu's Chosen who invented writing in Asia long
ago. Regardless, their works are surpassingly vivid and
enchanting, and hearing them read aloud . . . oh, there
aren't words for how beautiful it is to hear such masterful
words from such harmonious voices. It's simply breath-

Aboriginal

I've heard a legend that says that one of the original
children of Eshu wandered south across the sea on a
rainbow bridge to chase a falling star. There's no proof
that this is where the Elegbara among the Aborigines
came from, but given our ways it doesn't sound too
improbable either. Truth be told, the Elegbara born
among the Originals, as they're called, don't tend to
wander far beyond their native shores. It's almost as if
there's something there that's holding them back, or
maybe something they're trying to protect, but either
way they don't seem to be in any hurry to tell the rest of
us. Oh, they're friendly, but even when they're talking to
you they tend to have a faraway look in their eyes, like
there's somewhere else they'd rather be, even more so
than normal with our Tribe. From what I've seen and
heard of them, the Elegbara of Aboriginal upbringing
have a strong tie to the Far and Deep Dreaming — a
legacy of their connection to the Aboriginal Dreamtime,
I suppose. Most of them also seem to have a powerful
connection with Uluru, the sacred site of the Originals,

AeA)
aed

Co
2)

)
¥

on

=)

oF

rl

<a

S<<

VS
SS

va

>

a

ue

LRA

KALNK

Ss
ao

We

Ch


though they refuse to discuss exactly what the connec-
tion might be. Who knows what is really the case? ] can
say one thing for sure: whoever finds out will earn a
legendary name in the Tribe!

Eshw's Blessing

Always, always remember one thing, chile: while we
cherish our mortal kin, respect the Kithain, and honor
the orishas, we are Elegbara, and we are different from
them all. Eshu has granted us many wonderful gifts to
carry out his tasks in this world, and it is about time you
learned a thing or two about where they come from and
what they are for. After all, would you send a soldier to
war without weapons or ask a writer to write without
words? Mais non! So listen close, chile, and I'll tell you
secrets about yourself you had never dared to dream were
true. .

Spirit Pathwavs

Perhaps our best-known talent of all, we Elegbara
have a knack for always being in the right place at the
right time — the last thing any of us is in for is a dull
existence! Wherever the action is, you can be sure you'll
be right in the thick of it, or if not, you'll be on your way
there before you know it. Before I go on about it, though,
I want you to notice something | said and make sure you
heard it good and clear: | said the "right" place and time,
didn't I? Not "happiest," not "most pleasant," not "most
obvious," and certainly not "easiest" — just "right." Now,
you tal dlong moment to sit there and think about
what that means. It means that no matter where you find
yourself in this world (or any other), you're right where
you're meant to be; there's no doubt, no fear, no hesita-
tion about it. Oh, the Ojo and the Iku argue back and
forth like catty old ladies about why this is so, but that's
not important right now, because both of them still agree
that it is, and that's all that matters. The only thing that
can turn you from the path you belong on is failing one
of the tests of the orishas (to believe the Ojo), or to deny
yourself what you truly desire (so say the Iku). Otherwise,
no force in this life (or beyond) can keep you from
reaching the next stop along your path. Where you are
may not be the place you had in mind at the beginning

O

‘
<Q)
‘a 4

TN

KITHBOOK: ESHYV

of your journey, but it's always where you were meant to
wind up. If you cannot figure out why, then that's your
burden.

By the same token, you must accept when it's time to
move on tosomething new, whether a change of location
or anew affair of the heart. No amount of trying will let
you hold on to a thing when your path dictates that it's
time to seek something new. Ah, I see this truth is already
known to you, chile. Well, I will speak more on the softer
arts later, but for now know this: most of the other tribes
forget that for every new horizon we stride toward, it
means we are leaving another behind, often for good. All
lives are a constant cycle of discovering the new and
discarding the old; we simply recognize this more directly
and do not linger where we no longer belong, either
literally or metaphorically. It's a hard truth to remember,
I know, but a truth just the same.

Vhuru

Over time, this outlook found expression in the
philosophy knownas Uhuru, orf: tially, that
all beings should be allowed to pursue their own desti-
nies, with only the orishas intervening as they see fit to
test the worthy and damn the wicked. This freedom goes
beyond the purely physical realm, however — Elegbara
despise any attempts to coerce or manipulate them into
acting against their will, and they resist such pressure
violently if need be. Even those of us who live off the
gullibility of others rely on the target's free choice in
taking the bait to make our scams work. It teaches the

b hi g din addition to helping
to fatten our wallets. If we do not say, give or do some-
thing of our free will, then it is corrupt and unworthy of
our name, and we simply will not have that. Perhaps it
seems foolish to fight so hard over something as intan-
gible as dignity, but chile, without dignity, what is life,
anyway?

victimal

To give up your freedom voluntarily is to place your
destiny in the hands of another, and that i han any
living thing should ever demand of another. To have it
taken from you is the gravest offense imaginable. This
robs the imprisoned being of his very essence and con-
demns him to aimless wandering in the afterlife. The


most callous Ojo or wicked Iku refrains from slavery or
kidnapping for this reason, as even in their debased state
they would rather be responsible for the death of their
foe's physical body than for the death of another being's
soul. Now, do you see why we so rarely enter into oaths,
even with other Elegbara? You are not forbidden to do so,
simply advised heg caution. A piece of your
freedom given is a piece that is lost to you, quite possibly
forever, and you'd do well to remember that before
swearing an oath in the heat of passion.
Hospitality

Asaconsequence of our wandering ways, we Elegbara
have a long and intricate tradition of hospitality. I won't
trouble your poor head with all of them now, but simply
let you know what the basic expectations are. Ancient
custom as well as the Kithain Escheat demand that you
accept another of the Tribe in need, no matter what the

circumstances. We are few and far between enough that
7

it'sseldom much ofan imp , chile, but it

that unless it would mean accepting a dire enemy into
your house, it can never be refused. Few look after us save
each other, and if we cannot count on even that, then the
Tribe will quickly fall to pieces. So, if one of us shows up
on your doorstep, be polite and do what you can; it's not
just being family, it's being practical, because one day you
may well find yourself on her doorstep in need of aid.
So long as guests are in your house, you must honor
their requests (within reason — most of us aren't exactly
well off, and self-sufficiency goes a long way in this family
besides) and see to it that they are cared for as well as you
are able. If harm befalls a guest, you must see to it that
justice is served, as if he were blood-kin of your own. You
also may not turn out guests unless they steal from you or
harm one in your household, though let me tell you,
chile, you're certainly welcome to let the air get a little
chilly if some freeloaders aren't getting the hint! Hospi-
tality is not offered for a price, however. While you may
accept any payment the guest freely offers, or reparation
for damage caused, it is forbidden to demand something
in return for the gift of your household. Finally, when you
are traveling and come into the hospitality of another,
you must honor your host's customs as best you can and
do your best to be no more of a burden than necessary,

wx red

regardless of your host's means. Do not steal from your
host, be it a glass from his table or the virtue of one of his
children, and most of all do not bring strife or violence
under his roof. Leave with as much goodwill as you bring.

See? Those weren't so bad. The next time you look
for a place to stay in a land you don't know, you won't
have to worry about upsetting the local branch of the
family just by making some fool mistake.

Talecraft

Other tribes often overlook our love of stories. They
think it's nice but nothing to write home about, that we
just happen to tell them especially well and that's all
there is to it. Well, chile, that's like saying the sun is
bright; it's true, sure, but it doesn't really do the full effect
justice, now does it? We love stories because we are
stories, and don't ever forget it. It's because mortals first
started telling tales of our adventures that Eshu noticed
us and accepted us as his children. Stories allowed us to
keep in touch during our darkest times, and stories allow
us to teach others as well as entertain them. Besides, as
messengers and wanderers, we see and hear much more
than others do, and it's only natural that we'd develop a
talent for passing on what we know in a way that others
find pleasing.

There's a mystical aspect to what we do as well:
stories touch, they teach, they transform those who tell
them as much as or more so than those who hear them.
Ihave a grump's eyes that've hed
bright as a child's with but a few simple words. I have
heard an audience of children cheering the prince to
rescue his lady love from a dastardly villain. | have seen
stones weep upon hearing the conclusion of a tragic tale.
Once, during the darkest hours of the Accordance War,
I even saw an Elegbara turn a defeated group of common-
ers into a stalwart band of heroes, equal to a sidhe host
twice their size, with only astory from his lips. And those
are but a tiny handful of the tales I could tell about the
stories that are our lifeblood, how they have changed the
world in ways great and small.

y pass turn

But most of all, chile, we love stories simply for
themselves, beyond any other meaning or purpose they
might have. A well-told tale is its own reward, and we
believe this with all our hearts and souls. How can we

7 /


Storutelling Spirit Pathwavs

New Storytellers are often puzzled with how to handle this peculiar talent of the eshu
for always being in the right place at the right time. After all, it's a fact of roleplaying that
player characters always seem to show up just as something exciting happens; games would
be pretty dull otherwise! Others worry that this Birthright limits Storyteller creativity, as the
eshu player announces, "I'm going looking for the duke's missing sword," and then expects
to reach the object of her quest before the pizza arrives, often at the expense of the story the
Storyteller had planned.

To avoid such problems, consider the below advice on handling the two main aspects
of this Birthright; the following is not gospel, but itshould hel id lief for harried

g PP
Storytellers in understanding this very cool but sometimes very arcane Birthright.

®© Perfect Timing — The trick to Storytelling eshu perfect timing well is to use it to
heighten drama, to further your story instead of defeating it. Don't hand the character easy
victories, but instead set up even greater challenges, which his perfect timing just happens
to give him a chance (however slim!) at pulling off. Any character can arrive just in time
to defuse a bomb. Only an eshu will arrive with an extra second's time to decide whether he
d the bomb and simply disaster, or see if he can instead hurl it at the villain's
Doomsday Machine and take out two threats at once. It need not always be that over-the-
top — if it is, the players will quickly become jaded to it — but it should be an interesting
twist to an already interesting situation.
Another good twist on this theme is that the character's timing can be perfect whether
it's really a good thing or not. For example, an eshu may notice the gun in time to push a
mortal out of the way of a drive-by shooting, only to find out that he's saved a Mafia boss,
vampire henchman or similar despicable soul. Now not only does he have a host of new
enemies, but he may be wanted by law enforcement officials as well, not to mention have
the dubious gratitude of a notorious figure. A few such wry twists of fate, and players will stop
thinking their perfect timing is a get-out-of-jail-free card.

© Stated Quest — If the player pecific p place or thing that he's heading
out in search of, feel free to pile on the challenges, detours, surprise twists, sudden reversals
and other complications. Remind him that his Birthright guarantees the most interesting
(and dangerous) route, not necessarily the one he might've picked out for himself. What's
more, success is never a guarantee — after all, if an eshu could never fail or die, there'd be
no challenge!

Just mal hat no matter how you handle it, the other characters in the motley don't
become background extras in the movie of the eshu's life, or you'll quickly have a lot of
dissatisfied players on your hands.

KITHBOOK: ESHVU


Q

not? Take away everything else they might mean, every-
thing else they might do, and we would still tell stories,
because that is who we are. We could lli
them than stop breathing.

History

Of course, no small part of our storytelling talent also
comes from our sacred duty to remember the lore of the
tribes, both mortal and Kithain. Our perfect timing
allows us to witness many great events. Our outsider's

) ES } 5

a

in

perspective gi y
tively. And our travel |
the minds of others, keeping them from forgetting past
mistakes quite so easily and inspiring them with tales of
glory and greatness. Once we only minded our own tales
and those of our mortal kin, but over time we have
absorbed the legends of all those we come in contact
with. I suspect we could surpass even the sluagh in our
knowledge of the other tribes. What they forget is that
even the wildest tales of pure imagination still contain
some truth, about the teller if not the subject. So, while
most of the others believe us to be outsiders with little
interest in their society, in truth we understand it better
than most of them do.

Listening
Only by listening do you learn how a master crafts a
tale, and many people are surprised at how eager we are
to hear a well-told tale. Remember what you're told,
chile, and always keep your eyes open and ears keen for
new trails and new tales. Have no fear — ask questions,
,bep and most ofall neverturn away
achance to transform what you know into a tale that will
enrich the lives of others. It's as much a pleasure as a
sacred purpose to our kind.

Recklessness

Of course, as they go against so much of what is
taught and expected in thi day and age, it's only
natural that not everyone understands our ways. The
other tribes like to say that we are reckless, that we will
accept any gamble or any challenge no matter how
impossible it may seem. As if it were a bad thing! They
live like mortals, ducking challenge and excitement in

r= J
stories remain fresh in

favor of the same routine they've known for years, afraid
what the slightest risk might do to their precious courts
and careers. We're unafraid to live our lives, chile! They
call it recklessness just because we refuse to stick to the
dull paths they'd prefer to travel on. Sure, some of them
make a go at grasping the true meaning of Uhuru, and
those that do earn our respect, but while we may be
friends and allies to the others, we will never understand
their need to turn a deaf ear to the call of adventure. We
are the Chosen of Eshu and fear no hardship.

Make no mistake, if someone offers us a proposition,
chances are we'll take it if it doesn't look like outright
suicide (and, truth be told, some of our wilders are pretty
generous about that last part). Why shouldn't we? One
never knows when the orishas are testing you, chile. As
some of the Iku prefer to look at it, how will you ever
know your limits until you test them? Be careful of those
who try to exploit this to their advantage, however.
There's a huge difference between being heroic and
being manipulated, and one you would do well to remem-
ber if you wish to last long around the other tribes. Of
course, even so, th hing i ing
back from what some sucker thought was a suicide dare
and taking his money...

Orishas

Let me take a moment to better explain another
matter of spiritual importance to the Tribe, the orishas.
They are not truly like patron saints, though that is the
best way most westerners can grasp them, nor are they are
necessarily indicative of voodoo, although that religion
borrows heavily from their legacy (and no few of us
practice it as well, chile). Perhaps the best way to think
of them is lil 1 RN t. ., + i J

je the
world, creator spirits who have chosen a particular group
as their protectorate and who grant favors to them in
return for prayer and sacrifices. Some orishas are gods or
demigods, and always were, from bef
others are ancestors who have risen to godhood through
some great triumph (or tragedy). While not all Elegbara
‘ follow them, all Elegbara believe in them. Even
the Muslim or Christian members typically do not doubt
their existence, but rather think of them as guardian
angels, messengers of God or similar entities.

nown:
5)

CHAPTER TWO:ACULTURE WITHOVT BORDERS 37 Wy) |

iS

a
Ay
SS |

aaa

a
ey
i)
=A
=)
& |

be


&® Pears
i OSS
SS: ‘@!

Aw, $%#e!Not Another DamnChallenge!

Storytellers will almost inevitably find themselves questioned about just when the eshu
Frailty applies. This usually happens after another character — all too often a fellow motley
member — finds out that an eshu is supposed to take any dare offered. She begins deluging
the hapless character with an endless string of challenges, bogging down the adventure and
causing the eshu player to feel that his character is more like a fraternity pledge than a heroic
wayfarer. The main question is one of balance. Forcing an eshu to accept absolutely every
challenge offered takes away a lot of player freedom, especially if other characters begin
trying to exploit the Frailty for selfish or petty purposes. However, enforcing the Frailty too
infrequently doesn't do either kith or character justice.

Therefore, in the interest of giving some idea of the types of challenges that should and
shouldn't be covered by this Frailty, Storytellers should take the following guidelines under
advisement when considering what challenges need be honored and which can reasonably
be ignored. Players should not be allowed to grow t prohibiti
however — they are intended to protect against abuses of this Frailty, not to shield the
character from any uncomfortable situations that come up. Finally, this list covers only
challenges and propositions made by other characters; "natural" risks in a situation (a wide

her j

CRIRT A

ARS

buildings, a rising drawbridge in th dahead, etc.) are another story entirely.

Ser cd

© Oaths — Eshu are free to decline any challenge that as part of its completion would
force them to break either the letter or the spirit of a formal oath they have sworn (i.e., one
backed by the Dreaming). Cleverly worded gambl certainly bring them right up to the
edge, however. Promises made without the backing of Glamour are fair game. Considering
how rarely eshu swear formal oaths, this generally shouldn't be a problem.

¢ Urgency — Eshu need never even stop to consider a proposition made to them when
already in the middle ofa truly urgent situation —a friend in danger a freehold 1
and so on. Note, though, that most eshu still remember such challenges, even if they don't
take them up at the time, and will often come back when the crisis at hand is over.

¢ Daring — Hey, it has to be a challenge, right? By definition that means something
above and beyond the norm that requires some real effort, skill or luck to achieve. Thus,
trivial propositions such as those on the order of "bet you can't tie my shoes" and "Hey, eshu
boy, ten bucks says you won't drive me to the mall" don't qualify as challenges worthy of this
Frailty, though of course the eshu can still do them if he desires.

¢ Dignity — Eshu are free to refuse challenges that are designed solely to degrade and
1 BS } ifth y 4 L hall g H l¢ L § on fe 4 like "Eshu,
I'll wager that you won't clean this public restroom with your tongue." Note that this doesn't
mean any challenge that gets an eshu dirty or places him in a potentially embarrassing
situation is prohibited — far from it. Eshu can and will get down and dirty, both literally and
metaphorically, if that's what a quest requires. This guideline simply covers those proposi-
tions that can serve no other purpose but to force an eshu to shame himself whether he

1
attack,

succeeds or not.


: - my SS mS ae > y Oe my ay ~~ ||

All Elegbara pay homage to Eshu, if only asa token lower station give respect to those above them. But in
show of respect. Some few develop deep bonds with other general each noble minds his own lands and his own
orishas as well, although this is the exception to the rule. business, so there's no need for the complex and inbred
We see the workings of the orishas all around us, every hierarchy of the sidhe. If one noble finds issue with
day, in the world we live in and the challenges that anotherorhast
confront us. Who knows, chile? If you are brave and your _ settle the matter openly and forgive any offenses as soon
legend great, maybe one day you will join them in the _ as the ordeal is over. We are able to be this "relaxed," as
palace above the sky. It is the highest honor we can you say, precisely because we value the wisdom of our
bestow, and none have earned it in centuries, but that nobles more than their titles. Since we all must survive
means only that it's due to happen any time now... on our own out on the road, we respect only those who

S Pe) Ci al Stru ctur fed earn it, and that is our ultimate measure of authority.
We Elegbara are something of a paradox as family Eshu Motleus

matters go, especially to outsiders. We are a close family Although rarely, wed i gani |
and will do much to help each other in times of need, but to regular motleys, as the Kithain call them. Such
at the same time we are scattered all over the world and gatherings typically only in
so may see each other only rarely as the years go by. They great threat to the Tribe or in order to protect one of the
wonder what keeps us together in our lonely livesonthe few freeholds we call our own. These arrangements
road, and how we have managed to preserve so much of usually last for the time it takes to complete one task or
our culture while still adapting to the customs of those uphold one oath, and no longer; while members may
around us. They marvel at how most of us have such a remain friends after that time, chile, they seldom travel
strong sense of identity, even thousands of miles and together again. We enjoy each other's company, but only
hundreds of years away from where we feel most at home. for so long — after that, fear that the threads of our
They grow puzzled at how we have many nobles, in our destinies will start becoming too entwined makes most of
homelands especially, but no real hierarchy that we US take to the road alone once more.
organize them by. I'm glad to say this causes the sidhe in No, chile, for the most part we travel singly or, if in
particular no end of consternation! So, what's our secret? a motley, one composed of many different Kithain to
Simple, chile: every Elegbara takes care of herself ensure that things remain lively on the road. About the
first, and then if she's got the means and the energy left only kith we will refuse to travel with are the sidhe; while
over, others of the Tribe as well. That's it. If it d ind ls may earn enough of our respect to share our
simple to be true, then you're not really Chosen of path with us, as a rule they are too prone to complaining
Elegbara. and giving orders for them to be anything but a hassle. Of
course, some of the other tribes may have their own
reasons for not wanting to take up with us, and that's their
problem, but for our part, we consider all of them good
company after a fashion, save the sidhe.

RN a

in the lands of afellow noble, they

P TRV Ty

is

Ws
{||
S 1) |
|
|
{

What's that? Well, I suppose in a sense you're right,
chile — such a smart chile for such a young age! We do
have a "higher authority" of sorts, the oba council, who
give us guidance and make sure that important tales
reach the farthest Elegbara. Even they are not our mas- Freceholds Me-Isg bo)
ters, though, simply those whose destiny it is to provide What's that? A "contradiction. im terms?? Hardly
astable base for the Tribe, and they are the first to say so. hile! T. jl figs tle-ials ide of ,

chile! True, we control very few ile-igbo outside of our

ancestral lands, but that's more on account of how we
don't want to be tied down than any particular objection
to the idea. Most of the ones we do claim are the personal
homes of grumps, who use them as story circles and
gathering places where they can catch up on tribal news

! Oh, sure, we have other nobles, too, but, like I said,
there's no great big flowchart of power they all fit into. A
caliph might have a dozen lesser nobles under him, each
with his own piece of land and responsibilities, or he
might have none and tend his court himself. Those of

CHAPTER TWO: ACULTURE WITHOVT BORDERS 39 3

Pres

S


tel ny"
)

N

Re?

g

and pass on their tales to the younger ones still out on the
road. Most famous of these houses is the one called the
Bullring, in Barcelona, Spain, though whether it earned

to see it for yourself anyway, so I'll forego the descriptions
and focus instead on telling you what to remember in the
lands that lie beyond the Near Dreaming. First of all, the

farther out you go, the more your mortal side fades.
This may sound wonderful, and it is at first, but

it makes it difficult to remember why

you're out there, and if you're

not careful you'll lose
your grip on the mortal
world and simply
vanish into the
depths of the

that name for the acts of daring that the guests have
performed or the amount of truth behind the stories they
share around the circle is a matter of opinion. Either way,
it's a real nice place, a stylish modern compound to
mortal eyes and a grand old castle in the Moorish tradi-
tion to the fae who stay there. One of the few recognized
Elegbara nobles of Europe holds court there, scion of our
Orzaiz family line, and any given night of the year you can
find him mingling with hi Li i d

6 Sal 6 X5X%G
ESISSS)

SS)

the fire. His family is old and well connected, andhe'lldo Dreaming,
\s his best to hide you or help you out if you're in trouble. mever to
Just remember to mind your manners under his roofand return.

pay him back if you can—he's donea lot to help keep our
Tribe active in the sidhe loyalist environment of Europe
and has earned our highest respect because of it.

(SX

‘S

As for other places, well, they don't tend to be nearly
that formal, but more like faerie equivalents to the youth
hostels popularin Europe and Australia, staffed by Elegbara
when they're available and agemo when they're not.

d

Th | lai but fi
P

5 P| 1]

le, and

ifyoustaya gas youpitchataleandadoch
or two to earn your keep. Open your eyes and you'll find
one in just about any big city, though whether it has any

other Elegbara currently staying there is anyone's guess.

Traveling the Dreaming

Other tribes look to us for guidance when it comes to
following the silver path out of the familiar realms of the
Near Dreaming and into the true wilds of the Dreaming.
With Eshu as our guide, we have walked the paths of the
engai since the first mortal dreamed, and it is no exag-
geration when I say that we know more about them than
do all the other tribes put together. Most of us take quests
into the Far Dreaming at least once in our lives, and no
few tread those paths with some regularity. Even our kind
do not travel into the Deep Dreaming without good
cause, though. It's too easy to lose yourself forever out
there, chile, and that serves no one's destiny.

\

It would take more time than this Earth has seen to
try to describe the vastness of the Dreaming. In any
event, if you have true Elegbara blood, you'll only want


an
2)

M4

NA
aS

He,

<

yD

\\ i LW

oO

s
(
3

C7
J

4B

Wea)

A;

fo

CHAPTER TWO:ACULTURE WITHOUT BORDERS "WY


Second, as you delve deeper, your stories begin to take on
lives of their own, spawning illusory or actual chimera to
reenact your words. If you lose control of your tale,
beware, for there are legends of chimera turning on their
creator to preserve tl ves. Last, and most importantl
—look me in the eye as I tell you this, chile — never leave
the silver path. Ever! For any reason, at any time We don't
usually hear back from those who do, and even if they
manage to crawl back, we put most out of their misery, for
their minds are hopelessly shattered by what lies in the
realms off of the path.

Did you understand those rules? Excellent. I can see
you're already itching to see exactly what lies beyond the
Near Dreaming, and that's good. Just remember what I've
told youand make sure that when you do return, the tales
of your journey go far and wide. I'll be waiting to hear
what you see.

Lif estule

One more little thing, chile, and then I'll turn you
over to my elder friend for your final lesson of the
evening. What's that? What else could there possibly be?
Why, style, of course. Now that you know all about what
an Elegbara is, you ought to know what it's like to live as
one.

Stule

Ask any member of the other tribes (especially a
Concordian fae) what an eshu looks like
they'll describe something like this: all bright fabrics and
colored sashes, with big gold hoop earrings, and wearing
little jingly bells all over them so that they sound like
wind chimes as they walk. Or worse still, he'll avert his
eyes and mumble something about a loin cloth, and
possibly a turban as well. Oh, chile, mais non. To be sure,
we all take pride in our ancestry, and there are those of us
who dress to honor the ancient ways of their people,
especially on holy days, but as a rule traditional dress is in
the minority when it comes to everyday wear. Instead,
most Elegbara adopt the dress of those cultures they
travel among, though tol d
than to help blend in. Of course, we cannot help but add

d their ways

42 KITHBOOK: ESHV

some touches of our own to the mix — variety represents
our past travels and sets us apart from the ordinary
denizens of the realm. Asa result, most of us have a very
unique, very striking appearance, in mortal form as well
as fae; I understand the other tribes find this rather
seductive in an exotic way.

My, my, what a wonderful coincidence, non? Look-
ing good is more than a fashion to us; it is an expression
of who we are. If our looks betray the hours and dust of the
road, that's one thing, but if we allow ourselves to slide
into slovenliness or neglect, we are disrespecting the
noble heritage of our ancestors and giving more fuel to
the fire of the bigots and their "dirty foreigner" stereo-
types. Mere survival is nothing without dignity, and no
matter what we may choose to wear, we wear it with the
pride that is our birthright.

Carousing

Though we may not have the level of reputation for
merriment as the olu-igbo, we enjoy parties and festivals
with a zest that surprises most of the other tribes, who
always seem to assume that we're unhappy unless we're
the center of attention. Well, we certainly don't mind
telling tales to the assembled guests, and we've long been
favorite leads in the little parlor dramas and impromptu
performances that mark any changeling gathering, but
the other tribes forget that our other great pleasure is
listening to stories as well as telling them. Besides, chile,
you haven't seen a real party until you've got one or two
of us under the same roof, and tarts a game like
"I never" or "truth or dare" — those are some of the most
legendary gatherings in faerie history!

Romance

We're likewise considered among the most sought-
after heartbreakers of Kithain society, and with good
reason — who wouldn't want a lover who can recite the
most beautiful verse known, who has a passion for trav-
eling the world, and who will brave any challenge on
behalf of a loved one? To say nothing of our perfect
timing, which applies in more ways than one, chile. We
sweep others off their feet, glorying in the radiance of
adoration, and when we're smitten there exists no such


os

SS

thing as an "impossible," as far as our love is concerned.
The other tribes are only too glad to revel in these
feelings along with us. The problem comes when they
can't handle our need to move on, either to a new town
or anew paramour. They know of our wandering ways but
still tell themselves that they'll be the ones to "tame" us,
to make us give up the road for good and settle down to
the life they know. They just don't understand that it's
nota question of being happy or unhappy, it's who we are,
and we could no sooner give it up than they could survive
without their hearts beating. And so we end up breaking
their hearts and getting an und d reputation as
faithless lovers because of it. Sad, chile, but true.

Fortunately, even such a black eye doesn't seem to
dissuade new lovers from learning the ways of our hearts.
If you're truly lucky, one day you may find one who
doesn't wish you'd give up the road, but shares your life
with him as the being that you are. It is rare, but oh so

wonderful when it happens. Until then, enjoy the fruits
of the garden. Just remember that you're responsible for
all the pieces that you pick, no matter what your inten-
tions might be.

Performing

Though it remains our most sacred means of passing
on stories, actual storytelling is by no means the only way
we sate our hunger for them. Those with a passion for
words become some of our Tribe's gifted writers and
poets, while those with a love of performance may
become exceptional singers, actors, lyricists and orators.
What matters is that all Elegbara have a primal need to
tell stories, a need that will take hold even before the
Chrysalis and express itself any way it can.

Well, I believe that's about all. It's my turn to fade
back into the shadows of the fire and let my old friend tell
his story. Just remember, chile, we're family now.

Take good care of us.

CHAPTER TWO: ACULTURE WITHOVT BORDERS

x

2k

1



LV A

It is sometimes necessary to travel a great distance out of
your way to come back a short distance correctly.
— Edward Albee, "Zoo Story"

Vigewf{rom
the Trails

Marie has told you much of how we view ourselves
and how we get along together. Now I shall reveal our
understanding of the society that surrounds us all.

TheCourts

Many Elegbara chafe at being classified under the
Celtic-derived notion of Seelie and Unseelie fae. While
for ease of reference we recognize those terms in our
dealing with the Kithain, amongst ourselves most Cho-
sen of Eshu prefer to the express this difference in terms
more familiar to us. Rather than Seelie, those who follow
the ways of honor and tradition prefer to be known as

CHAPTER THREE: THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD 4

aS]

Ojo, or daylight, fae. Likewise, since our philosophy
stems from casting off the old ways and indulging our
passions, and therefore the "death" of tradition, Elegbara
counted as Unseelie consider ourselves allied with Iku,
or death, when announcing ourselves in our courts.

Do not be mistaken, this is not to say that all Ojo are
kind and generous or that all (or even most) Iku are
murderers and revelers. Both g principl
of honor and Uhuru in their own way. It can be as bad to
be caught in the clutches of an Ojo judge who refuses to
bend the law for a worthy cause as it is to be cornered by
aruthless Iku who bears a grudge. Likewise, except in the
most extreme cases, we attach no stigma to followers of
either path, as more than any other tribe, we are indi-
viduals and proud of it. Judge another Elegbara by his
chosen philosophy at your peril.

we

OE e,
TIO®

A

ALHA

©

LS

PVD

4)

DIOL

2
«
&
fe

‘A
‘

kes
«
ie

,

Seclie (Ojo)

I feel I can safely say that most fellow Elegbara you
meet call themselves Ojo; it comes very naturally to most
of us, and those who embrace it draw great strength from
the millennia of tradition and history it represents.
However, rather than uphold the usual Seelie code
(which came along much later than we did), we have our
own set of standards by which we judge whether or not
one of our kind is true to the philosophy of Ojo. Mind
you, this doesn't stop most of us from respecting the
Seelie code of the Kithain anyway, since they rarely
oppose each other. It's simply that we have different core
standards.

Heed the Call of Fate

Kismet, destiny, fate — call it and conceptualize it
however you like — all Ojo believe that everything that
happens has been ordained by the orishas. Indeed, how
else could we always be in the right place at the right time
unless there was some greater plan or organization to
things? We are the Chosen of Eshu; by right of our
heritage, the orishas notice us and write into their plan
for the world great things for us to say and do. This is not
to say that we are puppets pacing in place, however, or
that you can sit passively back and expect a great fate to
come to you. Along with the belief in orishas and their
grand design comes the realization that they can and will
place obstacles in our path as tests to see whether we are
truly worthy of our destiny. Those who fail to overcome
such trials are sad souls indeed, for they have lost their
way in their spirit as well as their body, and many must
struggle for years before they reach their path again. That
is why we can, no, must, accept any challenge or try every
test that is put before us — one never knows when it
might actually be the tests of the orishas, and besides,
they're usually a lot of fun as well. Pushing your limits is
the only way to truly learn them.

Of course, this isn't an absolute rule. If a friend bets
that you can't get across town in half an hour and you
don't succeed, it doesn't automatically mean that your
spirit is forever cursed. I assure you, you'll feel the differ-
ence when you let yourself down and when you have
failed the challenge of an orisha.

46 KITHBOOK: ESHYU

Pass On What You Have Heard

Although it has recently enjoyed a fad with Western
intellectuals, the concept of an oral history is nothing
new to us. Countless generations of Elegbara served as
griot to the villages we dwell in, and even those of us
raised in different cultures are often walking histories of
the towns and lands we come from. We are creatures of
story, so it is a great injustice to our very nature to pass up
any chance to hear a new tale or learn the history of a
particular location and its inhabitants. Of course, it is not
enough to simply memorize what you read or what you're
told. As a wandering storyteller, you've seen more and
have a wider perspective than almost anyone you're
likely to encounter, and that means you have a responsi-
bility to share what you know so others can see the "big
picture" as we do. All of the great stories create bridges
between people, showing them they have common emo-
tions and experiences. History is the same way; if it's not
told and retold, it's quickly forgotten, and any lessons
that might have been learned from it are lost. Every story
that is forgotten, every history that crumbles to dust
unread is a blow against us. For millennia we have been
the memory of our mortal cultures, our Elegbara families,
even the Kithain tribes themselves. If we do not uphold
this trust, there i h

who can take our place now.
It is our duty to teach as well as remember, to bring about
change through knowledge and understanding (even if
it's often disguised as entertainment).

Seek Justice for Those Unheard

Save for the Oba, who walk among their lands with
pride in full view of the public, we are forever outsiders,
wanderers without roots and travelers never entirely
trusted by those to whom we speak. No matter how often
we may visit a place, how well we learn its language or
how often we share in its customs, deep d the natives
will never consider us one of them. At times we feel this
distance quite keenly. Sometimes our mere presence
represents something the natives hate or fear, whether
because of our race or ancestry or because what we have
to say goes against what the locals want to hear. Even
those blessed folk who realize that wanderlust is simply
our way, not a sign of detachment or disinterest, seldom
fully trust us, no matter how much they may care for us.


e

We are simply too unstable, too liable to run off without
warning one night, and that makes us unable to truly get
inside their hearts. We explain, we entertain, but we do
not remain.

Due to this distance, we feel a close kinship with
others perpetually at the edge of society and do our best
to help such runaways, castaways and fringe dwellers
when they're in need, or at least remember their story if
nothing else can be done. What's more, if there is
absolutely no other alternative, our restless ways make us
excellent avengers, able to slip in and right the wrong as
best we can, then disappear over the horizon before
anyone is the wiser. This isn't pure philosophy, it's also
survival —such peop th t likely to be
around if we need help ourselves, and by gaining a
reputation for helping them it's more likely they'll con-
sider taking a risk on our behalf someday.

The Seelie Code

Here is a brief summary on Ojo attitudes toward the
traditional Seelie values of our Kithain cousins. While
we follow our own precepts more often, we don't dismiss
these out of hand.

Death before Dishonor

Those without honor are without dignity, and with-
out dignity your existence is little better than an animal's.
Despite popular opinion, we are no strangers to retreat
when necessary, but cowardice and oath breaking are
unforgivable in any circumstance.

Love Conquers All

We may have many lovers in our lives, but anyone
who truly becomes our beloved b thec of our
existence, for we have given the greatest offering we
know — part of our freedom. Guard lovers with your life,
avenge any slights made against them, and, most of all,
always return to them.

Beauty Is Life

We may find beauty in things slightly different from
those our Kithain cousins relish — a beautiful sunrise
after sleeping on the beach, the panorama of a never-
before-seen vista viewed from a mountaintop, the thrill
of beginning a new trip — but beautiful moments are our
lives as surely as breathing and walking.

CHAPTER THREE: THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD

Never Forget a Debt

We dislike owing any ything — it isa limit on
our freedom — and so seek to erase any debts we incur as
quickly as possible. Failing to honor a debt is another
matter entirely, however, and one we do not tolerate. If
your word of honor is no good, how can you possibly
expect your stories to carry any weight?

TheEscheat

While we do not put the same stock in the Escheat
that most Kithain do, e hat th ig
a certain amount of sense. We'd rather that more fae
followed them lly and had no need to post them on
walls and memorize them in school, but until that time
we'll work with what we have.

The Right of Demesne

This law seldom agrees with us. If we respect a ruler,
we'll heed his words, but since we seldom spend very long
in one place, it's hard to establish such ties. In practice,

lei 1 *: 1 1 1

g yig plyp g g
an area, and most leaders let us go on our way in peace,
figuring at the very least it's better to have us gone than
staying to cause trouble in their lands.

The Right of Dream

We are the teachers of mortals as well as fae and as
such should respect our students and their natural right
to dream in peace. Minds that have their creativity
ripped from them are no good to anyone and only further
Banality.

The Right of Ignorance

We're fast, but not so fast we can outrun our enemies
forever, and no one can ever outrun Banality. In any
event, the less your opponents know about you, the
harder you are to find, which suits us just fine.

The Right of Rescue

Many Kithain turn to us to organize such rescue
parties, figuring our knack for g dang
tions is just what they need. Fortunately for them, they're
right. Rescuing a fellow fae in danger is not only good for
the Dreaming, but an excellent way to earn a reputation
with your fellows.

situa

Re

Ay

i)

(|

1

The Right of Safe Haven

Hospitality is very dear to us. Respect the customs of
your host, do not overstay your welcome, and return
whatever hospitality you were given twice over if your
former host ever requires it. Fail to do so, and we will hear
and come to punish you.

The Right of Life

Those who would take the lives of their fellow fae are
quickly Undone by Banality. Do youneed any more proof
that this practice is foolish and wicked?

Unscelietikw

Hmm. Since he is better suited to speak on the
subject of the Iku, I will hand you back to my impatient
young friend Jack while I find more fuel to keep the fire
going. Listen well and, remember, show him the same
respect you give me.

Hey, kid. You loving this show yet or what? Trust me,
it just gets better, especially for us Iku. Oh, sure, the old
man was plenty nice about not sounding too angry and
disappointed with us, but you wanna know
the truth? They think we're a joke,
and a really nasty, bitter one at that,
and the second you announce your-
self as Iku you go down a whole

CN

bunch of notches on their unofficial list. What's that?
What list? You really are naive, you know that? Every
party has a best-dressed list, kid, They think that just
because we don't bow and scrape to some unseen "des-
tiny," we aren't really Elegbara, but it's all a load of crap.
We have our own code, same as they do, and while it may
not exactly line up with the one those Kithain Unseelie
have, they certainly seem to work well together!

There Is No Destiny

Aw, hell, get that stupid look off your face. You heard
me right. What, you thought that being Eshu's Chosen
was some sort of package deal, that if you accepted the
sexy voice, pointy ears, itchy feet and dashing charm, you
had to sign up for this whole metaphysical bondage game
that the Ojo are always rattling on about? Well, let me
tell you something, kid — it ain't so. There may be
orishas, 'll grant you that, but even so that doesn't mean
it makes sense that they'd spend all their celestial time
thinking of ways to trip up little cosmological ants like us.
I mean, think about it. If you were king of the world and
had all the power you could imagine, do you really think
you'd devote your days to finding ways to test the worthi-
ness of Joe Schlub, the worthless peasant, who could

never approach your level anyway? Or would you
maybe wave to him once in a while en route to your
nightly naked romp in a mansion-sized hot tub full of
hootch and hookers, and then never give Joe another
damn thought? That's what I figured. So, where
does that leave us? Hopeless! Adrift ina universe
without purpose or meaning? Yeah, right.
We're eshu, kid, Eshu's Chosen; it takes
a helluva lot more than that to scare
us.

No, see, what it means is that
the reason you're al-
ways in the right
place at the


TS

> y > y Try >y >~y Try Dy Dy Try Py PT AEN
PRAIRRATVRANRATRA MRAM RAT RIANA a
Cay »
right time isn't because some higher power is moving ~»
you around its cosmic chessboard according to some
giant plan. It's because that's the only place you could
be, given the choices you've made and the turns
you've taken. See what I'm saying? We're free, truly,
ultimately free. That means that to the eyes of those
who try tosee things through the blinders of some big
meaning or destiny, it appears absolutely amazing
that we consistently find ourselves in just the right
place instead of constantly schlubbing through the
mud of mundane events like they do. They expect
their lives to be an endless chain of stupid, boring
stuff because that's what they've been trained to
expect — no more, no less. But we know better, and
we choose not to let it happen that way, then
surprise! All of a sudden our lives don't suck like
theirs do. Because life doesn't have to— there's
no plan, no purpose, no destiny tying anyone
down ything! Hell, any Id be like
us if they'd just let go of what they're hanging
on to, but, so far, hard as they might try, we've
i didate who could really

hever fi 5.
do it. Their loss.
Leave Trouble in Your Wake
If there's one thing that we agree
with those stuffy Ojo bastards
on, it's this: soci-
ety

has to aah

change,
and [|
mean in a big way. Which one? Jeez,
you're slow. All of them, kid. Society
itself is what I'm talking about. Ever
notice that every government every-
where sucks, but nobody seems to do
anything about it? Or that when they
do, it's these half-baked ideas that
work out even worse than what we
have already, and people wind up
clutching their fascist security
blankets tighter than before?See,
the way we look at it, it's our
job to gather stories and learn
histories, right? Society will
forget otherwise. Isn't that

what the Ojo always say?
Seriously, 1 know they

mean well with all that

a
\4

\
ai? \

CHAPTER THREE: THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD 49

SIC) |

FS


"evolution, not revolution" crap, but you look like a Vengeance Is Divine
pretty pragmatic type, and that tells me you know how
much plain good intentions and cheerful thoughts do in
this world. Both humanity and the fae have had countless
chances to learn from their mistakes, to take the stories
we tell them and finally realize why they keep bashing
their heads against the wall, but they just don't get it or,
worse than that, kill those who do for being "dangerous."
For all the good they have in their hearts, all the Ojo have
basically done in the last thousand years or more is tell
the same stupid folks the same stories every generation,
and then act surprised when nothing changes. Wanna
know why it never does? Because after a while, no matter
how well they told them, these stories and lessons be-
came background noise, boring and predictable, instead
of being primal and dangerous like they really should.

And so are we. Don't fool yourself, kid. We are
Elegbara, Chosen of Eshu, the favored children of the
mightiest, most feared orisha there ever was. So act like
it! Dress well, speak well, and always try to leave having
made an even better impression than you did when you
came in. Make ‘em scared, make ‘em jealous, make ‘em
want you so bad they can't stand it — whatever floats
your boat — but never let them think they're anywhere
close to your level. If you've got style — and we all do —
they won't even think you're being cocky when you do it;
they'll be too busy trying to figure out how to be more like
you, sidhe included. Most of all, don't take crap from
anyone, especially humans. If someone tries to tell you
something's off-limits, or cut you off during a good story,
or cut in on the move you're making on the beautiful
young thing you're lusting after, make ‘em sorry that their
father ever figured out how to work his zipper. Screw this
Robin Hood-style "all outcasts look out for each other"
stuff. I've been on the streets, so I know that's not how it
works. Look out for yourself above all else, and make sure

SIS

CGY CEXY 6 XOX XY &

So what we wanna know is, where in our job descrip-
tion does it say that we have to play fair with what we
know? Let's combine our knowledge and our gift for
words to raise some real hell and make things happen for
a change — incite riots, spread rumors, twist words, fan

the flames of civil unrest, things like that. By Ogun, we're
supposed to be the embodiment of chance, accident and
unpredictability, not the local community outreach!
Chaos at least snaps people out of their complacent
modern slumber, and believe me, there's nothing like
fear for making sure your audience is giving you its full
attention. So yeah, teach when you can, but make sure
it's a lesson the bastards will always remember, and if that
means breaking a few rules of polite society to get your
point across, so what? That's why we travel so fast!
Society's all going down the tubes anyway, so you might
as well give ita little sh dhelp itslideb Tohell
with all this "keepers of ancient stories and secrets"
nonsense. Always make those in power afraid of what
you know and doubly afraid of what you might do with it.
And if anyone in particular crosses you along the way,
well, if you're capable of bringing a city to its knees with
just a few dirty secrets and inflammatory speeches, imag-
ine what you can do against one person.

that those who mess with you wind up missing something
important afterward — whether it's their ego or their
colon is a matter of personal style, but the net result
should be the same. One more person who will never,
ever mess with you again! Understand me? Good.

TheVnseclie Code

Okay, here's the lowdown on the Unseelie "code,"
just so you don't step on too many toes if you find yourself
hanging with a bunch of them. Remember, though, these
are the Unseelie — even these rules are as often as not
observed in violation. Got it?

Change Is Good

Well, duh! We are change, raw unpredictability
incarnate. Honestly, the others should be paying us for
the lessons we give them in how to live life this way.

Glamour Is Free

I don't know how to break it to you, kid, but on the
road we don't usually have time to cultivate those long,
touchy-feely relationshir hers do when it comes to


6

—<

gaining Glamour. So you know what that means — it's
Ravaging time! After all, we're bringing some excite-
ment to their lives, so why not get something in ex-
change?

Honor Is a Lie

We hate making promises, because it means we aren't
free, even if only in the littlest way. Fortunately, our way
with words makes it easy for us to seem like we've
promised one thing when we've actually sworn no such
thing, so we don't usually have a problem with this. Just
watch out for oaths backed by the Dreaming. Swear to
those, and no silver tongue can save you from getting
pimp-slapped by the Dreaming if you break it.

Passion before Duty

Another easy score for us, so to speak. When you
figure out you're one of the only people on the planet who
realizes you have true freedom to do as you please, it
becomes astonishingly easy to indulge yourself. Enjoy,

kid.

Hey, the old man's still not back yet, so allow me to
let you in on another little secret, kid. Ever heard of
something called the Shadow Court? You have? Cool.
Let me just begin by saying that who they are and what
they do goes way, way beyond those Samhain games
you've heard about. That's just their public face, toscreen
out the wannabes and convince the Ojo that they're
nothing more than a bunch of punk kids with tricks and
costumes. No, the real court is something a lot more
serious — and a lot more secret — than that, so much so
that I can't even tell you everything I know about them.
Not here.

Suffice it to say that there are some among the Iku
who don't feel that even the relaxed standards and
recreational hell-raising activities of that group quite
quench their thirst for rebellion and excitement. As a
result, many of these seek out the Shadow Court, or as we
know them the Iku-Abeokuta. Provided they prove
themselves truly committed to the Iku philosophy and
pass some seriously scary, bloody initiation rites, they're
in. What's that? What do the Iku-Abeokuta actually do?

Well, no one outside of the group really knows for sure.

CHAPTER THREE: THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD 5 M

Rumor has it that they're real unhappy about the Seelie
painting all Unseelie as villai
over power on th

guys've got all kinds of plans for commoner revolution,
antinoble terrorism and so on. Some of them are even
more radical, prod f the last ty t emoc-
racy and individualism, and want to eliminate the nobles
altogether. Basically, they're the fae version of the
Weather Underground, if you're old enough to know
what that means; if not, look it up. Your history teacher
sucks.

d then refusing to hand
aden thes

T+ woe

Naturally enough, those of our kind that join become
stars — we hate the sidhe already, we're real good at
getting the masses riled up and we just love taking risks.
Sound like perfect revolutionaries to you? Me too. So,
why don'tall of us Ikujust join and get it over with? Ican't
say for certain, except . . . well, there's something not
right about a lot of those Shadow Court types, not right
in a way that even we don't like. Nearest I can describe
itisakind of nihilistic touch that just gets under your skin
and leaves you feeling . . . dirty. Be careful if you think
you're in the company of these guys, doubly so if they try
to push a dare on you. I've heard they sometimes try to
trick us in fatal dares just to laugh as we die. Cheerful, eh?
So much for "commoner" fraternity!

Well, that just about covers it, and who'dve thought,
here's the old man with the firewood. I'll be seeing you,
kid. Yeah, imagine that. Perfect timing.

Thekithain

] hope your time with Jack answered the questions
you needed answered. Then let us move on to other
things as the fire rebuilds.

The Chosen of Eshu have traveled farther and seen
stranger lands than any other race, enchanted or mortal.
It is only natural for us to have a more balanced outlook
on our fellow beings than do our less-well-traveled peers.
Once you have watched the sun rise from another man's
house, you are more likely to appreciate the view he has
throughout the rest of his day. What's more, as we are
expected to return any hospitality we receive while
traveling, it is only fair that we house such guests com-
fortably should they choose to invoke this ancient right.
This becomes difficult if you do not follow the peculiar
manners of your host while staying with him!

aw 4 Lez Qe QL QVeZ Mo QZ QA Qc DY Yet oa
- : —— — While we seldom stay long with any particular

: group, in our time together we pay attention to the

customs of others and thus have amassed a wealth of

knowledge concerning the habits and beliefs of

those whose lands we cross.

CLA KKEXSY CR Teg

Cr

"i

The names I am about to impart are not the
names given to the kith themselves, but rather of
the orishas whose guidance touches these spirits. |
give you as well other nicknames we have come up
with over the years. However, in recent times it has
become colloquial to refer to the tribe itself or even
individual members by these names. If you hear the
name pronounced with emphasis or see it spelled
with capital letters, it is referring to the orisha
itself; if simply tossed off the

tongue or put forth in lowercase [/
script, it is this colloquial sense,

referring to the tribe oramem-
ber of it. Just remember if

3 you take on this habit that
youstill must always give
All proper respect to the

ms

ad

1A


V

S

orisha whose name you borrow, especially if you're using
it casually, or risk becoming a name stealer and being
punished accordingly.

Boss oko Little Folk)

It is a misconception that we have nothing but
contempt for tl little |
one must tend the hearth fires, after all. We are simply
glad it's not us! It's also hard to understand how they can
be truly happy with a world that is only as wide as their
own backyard. On the other hand, they still recognize
the value of hospitality. For that they have our abiding
respect. Their sedentary ways make them excellent audi-
ences for our tales. Our accounts of sweeping vistas and
faraway lands can hold them spellbound for hours. Best
ofall, most consider such entertainment well wortha free
night's food and lodging, and if there's one thing you
should never argue with on the road, it's hot food and a
place to stay!

However, there's something about their compla-
cency and love of material comfort that really rubs our
Iku cousins the wrong way. Much of their suspicion of our
kind comes from tales of how one of Elegbara's beloved
came in dripping honeyed words and leaving with many
things stuck to his palms.

Some-

Show them you mean no harm or, perhaps more
important, that you don't have room in your pack for all
their finest tableware.

JlurichauntT aive

rgen Evcs) nod ighkies
Kehinde, Silver F ollk)

Not all the Kithain are truly foreign to us; indeed,
there are two tribes who are our distant blood-kin.
Descended from twin brothers who were followers of
Elegbara, these siblings traveled farther than most of us
and took on different traits as they mingled with the

however, and delight in their company. Taiyewo means
younger twin. Elder of the
pair, the taiyewo are taller and fair and wiser in the ways
of history and performance than their younger siblings.
They have inherited our joy of preserving traditions
through song, poetry and tale craft. By contrast, the
younger kehind [Land quick. They inherited our
love of challenge and the open road, as well as a deep
connection to the hearts of those they meet.

older twin, and kehind

Many have been so long among their respective
cultures that they fail to see our family resemblances, but
there is no denying we fit easily together. For this reason
we tend to keep them as our traveling companions. Treat
them as you would your family and encourage them to
explore the common roots we share.

GChille Dhudroko, Tree Folls)

When one of our kind says a tribe is few and far
between, you know that it is as close to a literal truth as
you will find, and that is exactly the case with the iroko!
These elusive Kithain tend to remain on the Isle of the
Mighty, as our oba keep to the lands of Oyo, and speak
little even to the Kithain that are most like them. Those
few we have coaxed into talking tell the strangest, most
wonderful tales from behind the very eyes of animals and
plants themselves. They defend the wild places as some
of our own do and have suffered just as greatly at the
hands of the cities.

If you can find one, do not approach it directly, but
. : 1 1}

q y its g , lay yourp 12) that
you mean no harm and simply wait. If it comes forward
afterafew hours, ithas judged you acceptable. If not, offer
praise for the pleasure of using its grove for a few hours

and depart in peace.

N
OWsksita, Peapk of Stone,
ASOns)

natives they encountered. We consider them family,

CHAPTER THREE: THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD 53 KY
Ke a

es,


Followers of the orisha of stone, most are much like
their patron's element: tough, inflexible and possessed of
a rather dark nature. Yet like their patron, their forms
and uses are quite endless as well, and they form a great
deal of the solid foundation that the rest of the Kithain
depend on. Their job is to take the drab stone of the
world and, with some sweat and cursing and hard work,
sculpt and carve it into something better than the sum of
its parts, like the Dreaming. Keep an ear out for their
inspired profanity. Such imagination! Even we respect
their gift for words when it comes to insults, and it is said
that ] y | | ‘Tih r ae
with the olokuta.

When it comes to dealing with these hard-bitten fae,
I recommend learning enough about their particular
talents to praise them intelligently. Beware — their
pride in their work never diminishes, and more than one
of us has been iously ej 1 from their life for
daring to criticize them too closely one night, even after
months of solid praise.

Pool
Hapa Turtles, SluFollk)

Matching wits with members of this tribe is a great
pleasure for us. Their love of wordplay nearly equals our
own, and they are the least likely of all Kithain to hold
our tricks and tall tales against us. Their animal forms
allow them to travel in ways we envy, and their innate
curiosity makes them natural companions. More than
one motley has been saved from madness or worse by the
well-timed antics of an ijapa, and even more souls have
b dback to the path of Uhuru bya trickster who
taught them to laugh once again. Aside from the jakuta,
they are also least likely to complain when the way
becomes rough. Those who find themselves needing to
wina place ina pooka's home for the night had best have
a collection of riddles, jokes and juicy gossip ready to
keep their host entertained, or risk finding th |
the mercy of the host's sense of humor all night long. As

54 KITHBOOK: ESHY

traveling companions go, they rank up there with the
olu-igbo, right behind the twins. Unfortunately, the
same qualities that make ijapa fun to travel with for a
while also make it hard for us to get along with them in
the long run. Their incessant lying tires even our love of
language after a time, and their fascination with words

l interrupt us constantly,
and if there's one thing we can't stand, it's a tale need-
lessly interrupted.

nics,

A savage pack of bastards who care only for tales of
violence and the gory epics of old! We respect their
refusal to lie down and civilize their habits and legends in
the face of progress, but our respect for them begins and
ends there. If you can remember the original Grimm fairy
and you don't mind a constant barrage of abuse and
violence, feel free to spend a night at one of their
households. I can guarantee that it's an experience you
won't soon wish to duplicate. Even our Iku tend to avoid
them. They have no sense of honor or dignity and like to
exploit those who do.

Particularly drunk or nasty packs of them will occa-
sionally get it in their heads to hunt a lone eshu. If you
even suspect that this is the case, run, and run fast until
you leave all doubts behind. They're as likely to leave
survivors as they are to play fair.

Sat
hile bo, WildMewn)

Alongside the ijapa, we considered the goat-legged
olu-igbo the only other common Kithain worth half a
damn out on the road. At times they seem to embody
Uhuru incarnate. Too often, however, we watch help-
lessly as they manacle themselves with addictions and
indulgences. Many do not seem to understand that it is
not enough to simply thumb one's nose at society. True
freedom is the will and the dignity to follow your own


path. Still, they are hardy, intelligent, quick to forgive a
slight and have a love of music and dance that equals the
love we harbor for words. All you need to do to find a
place with the olu-igbo is to teach them a new song or
dance that you've picked up. They'll keep you up half the
night practicing it, but that can have some rewards of its

could utter it in dreams. When we saw how they returned
during the Resurgence, blind and helpless, with no sense
of themselves, we knew our curse had run its course. Did
you never wonder why the sidhe invent so many names
and titles for themselves? They are forever trying to fill
the void left by the absence of their orisha and so invent
ever-grander names in an effort to make up for the loss

they feel in their souls. Never forget — these jealous
children denied our noble birthright and convinced the
other tribes to go along with this disgrace. Don't hesitate
to return slights in kind, nor blood for blood; you do Eshu
proud with every act of revenge.

AN

{\

One other reason we love the olu-igbo is that they
seldom have problems with our migratory habits and take
no offense if we indulge in passionate affairs for the few
weeks we're in town and then leave for months on end.
Our lives can get very lonely very quickly if we're not
careful, and many olu-igbo understand that and help us
the best they can. (And yes, since your eyes ask the
question, their best is very, very good.)

V
Beaple of the Waves)

Like the iroko, with whom they share the Isle of the
Mighty, these mysterious fae test even our talents to find.
We find their accounts of undersea life fascinating, and
those of us with a love of seafaring i even strike
up friendships with these fae while traveling the ocean
together, but that is about the extent of our contact with
them. Pleasant enough to be around and boon compan-
ions away from land, but that is all.

CANA

There are some few sidhe out there worthy of our
respect. The wandering Scathach remained on Earth
when the others fled, and for the longest time we were
the only ones who knew they existed at all. Treat them
well, for our bond goes back many centuries. As for other
sidhe, they may occasionally be friendly, but always
remember the injustice their ancestors served to your
people before you return the favor.

Sluagh
SS ao, the Stricken)

Sidhe . ;
sometimes Itivere
or Longs Ears)
What can I say to sum up everything one needs to
know about these arrogant, ungrateful, backstabbing

Pity the poor blighted sonponno, for the diseases of

usurpers? <spits> There. I think that about does it. Once,
they had an orisha like all the others, but as they aban-
doned the world in its hour of need, so too did we strip
them of that ancestral right. It took a great debate among
the elders of the oba before it was settled, but once it was
decided, it was done in such a way that their name was
struck from the world forever. Not even the most wicked

CHAPTER THREE: THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD

the world have twisted their frail forms into the shameful
shapes they now wear. Such is the price they pay for
coming from the nightmares of the world. Most bear the
burden of their curse with an amount of queer but
undeniable dignity. Forced into hiding by their very
natures, they delight in our stories of the worlds beyond

59

<f


the crypts and sewers. You can easily learn many impor-
tant secrets from them simply by carefully exchanging
tales of your travels for the choicest bits of local black-
mail and gossip.

They place much emphasis on tradition and eti-
quette. Those of us who seek to sit and speak with them
had best learn their customs well beforehand, or else find
themselves excluded from their more elite circles. If you
receive an invitation to one of their high tea ceremonies,
wear something fashionable but not ostentatious, keep
your voice down and, most of all, come prepared to trade
a lot of lore. They also put great stock in discretion, and
their information network stretches nearly as far as ours.
If you betray the trust of one, don't expect to ever hear
much from another again.

rolls
LRtenstond Giants)

Our history with these fae is very sad. They never
seem to realize that they hold the same values as our Ojo
brothers and sisters. All these reactionary warriors see is
our inability to stay in one place and our reluctance to
bind ourselves with the kinds of oaths that are their
lifeblood. They mistake these traits for shiftlessness and
untrustworthiness. Of course, the exploits of our Iku
relati Pp heir vision of us. Itis seldom
pleasant to meet the local jakuta in a town still recover-
ing from an Iku drifter passing through. Most subscribe to
an idea of "seen one eshu, seen all eshu" and label us as
troublemakers. What's worse, they have been trained to
tune us out when we start speaking in order to avoid
"falling prey to an eshu's silver tongue."

On the other hand, if a jakuta has had positive
contact with one of us in the past, that same "seen one,
seen ‘em all" rule tends to work in our favor. Find any
such jakuta in town as fast as possible and you won't be
able to find a better friend, at least as long as you're in that
particular town.

dolittletoi

56 KITHBOOK: ESHY

TheGallain

Of course, we're also wise enough to realize that the
enchanted world doesn't end with the Kithain. Our
wanderings brought us in contact with most of these
strange families long before the younger tribes. Main-
taining patient relations with many of these wounded
communities has become increasingly difficult thanks to
the blunders of our more misguided cousins. Yet this
forms a vital part of our society, for without such contact
we would not only lose many important allies but dis-
honor the efforts of our ancestors as well.

; ‘
Orishan Nia, Pieces of God)

Long ago, Elegbara taught us the secret of speaking
to rocks and trees and rivers. Thus, we discovered the
hidden kingdoms under the surface of the world, where
the spirits played and talked of the silly mortals around
them. At first they would not speak to us, but we are
nothing if not charming, and in time a relationship
developed between their world and our own. We told
them tales of what it was like to be alive, to love and
dance and cry, and in return they spoke of the glory of a
new sapling breaking from the soil or of a river as it
tumbles down a waterfall. Their words are mighty and
their memories long, and we understand that well.

Be respectful — the modern world has treated them
harshly. Many have no concept of Banality, having last

kened ral ies ago, so ify inneed,
do your best to assist it. Doing so fulfills the ancient pact
Elegbara made and provides you with a unique and
valuable source of information as well.

Nunnehi
Long before Leif Erickson set foot on the shores of
Nova Scotia, we had already sailed now-forgotten ocean
trods and met the nunnehi nations and established ties
with them. When the Europeans came, we sympathized
with the nunnehi's plight and did our best to prevent the
same tragedies we had seen in other places from happen-
ing all over again. Some of Eshu's Chosen had long since
intermarried with nunnehi bloodlines. Today asmall but
significant number of our kind born in Concordia are of
Native American stock. It's even whispered that some of
these cousins have the ability to walk into the spirit
| do, but the truth of these

i nunnehi
stories has not yet come to our ears.


To this day, we are at least tolerant if not actually
friendly with each other. More than one eshu has re-
ceived an anonymous note urging him to leave the area
bef iol has occurred. Likewise,
mysterious messengers who come bearing news of an
impending sidhe "police action" h llowed quit
nunnehi to escape to safety just moments before the
riders reach their encampment. It's not quite guerrilla
warfare against the sidhe, but it's close.

Tha lain wo
Usnsier People, Dark Ones)

When these twisted monsters started reappearing in
the wake of the Resurgence, the oba immediately sent
scouts to every corner of the earth. Several of these
runners never returned, which itself was ominous enough,
but those that did bore even worse news. The Shadow
Court, long thought little more than a joke, was welcom-
ing these refugees with open arms. Most distressing of all,
at least to us, is that we found evid hat the aithu, our
infernal siblings, have escaped their banishment. From
what we understand, though, none of the other tribes
have found out about them yet, which means we might
still have time to return our demonic half-brothers to
their uneasy slumber before our shameful secret is uncov-
ered.

£. Lh;
ormnunnent

few

If you should ever run across any of these fiends, do
not! dthem to theirnext life. Make sure you
pass on word of where and how you met them around the
next fire; eventually it will get back to the oba, and maybe
someday they will decide we must go to war once more.

shene
wo-Abeo cuts
ose That Dwell
eneath)

Of course, we must also talk of the even stranger
things we have met in the Dreaming, nightmare beings
so alien and terrible that their increasing efforts to enter
this world form an invasion of the darkest sort. A few of
these Dark-kin are not quite the predators that their
cousins may be. Some of the keremet were said to be our
runners in ages past, and th usually harmful
in only the pettiest ways. But as a rule these creatures are
dangerous. Since they have no idea of what it is to be

CHAPTER THREE: THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD

S)
<
IS

flesh, they have no fear of pain or death. Trick them into
keeping to the Dreaming where they belong, if possible.
Otherwise, show them what it really means to become
part of this world — make them bleed.

The moirae, the Ladies of Fate, comprise the only
exception. Our relationship with these servants of des-
tiny stretches back in time to our first encounter with
them across the Mediterranean Sea over a millennium
ago. We fascinate each other. They read the tapestry of
Fate while we swing on its strands. Their banishment
wounded us deeply, and more than one of the Chosen
ventured into the Dreaming to try to bring them back,
though none ever succeeded. Now they have returned,
and while they have changed somewhat due to their
ordeal, they are still the companions we once knew. Seek
them out when you can. Defend them from those who
mistake their sacred purpose for simple vengeance.

Hsien

Few Kithain know anything about these enigmatic
creatures, and fewer still care to find out. In many ways
they are much like the orishas we know, and for that we
can respect them. When we visited them long ago, they
received us well and listened to our stories politely.
Ww, 7a | E 4 tk eV 1 4 1

W hen we y
from their lands and their business, so we did. What else
could we do? India was our great compromise with them;

we both have strong roots in that area.
] 1

Every now and then, our through their
territory, especially Japan, Hong Kong and Shanghai. If
you enter their lands, announce your p as politely
and discreetly as possible, let them know how long you
intend to stay and thank them for their mercy in permit-
ting you to enjoy the fruits of their realm. They are animal
spirits, answerers of prayers and masters of the elemental
kingdom, worshipped as no less than demigods and
possessed of magical powers to match. Those gestures are
the absolute least amount of respect you can get away
with offering them without being offensive.

Kinain
aser Runners,
Chameleons)

L

Never forget our half-b d sisters, those who
share our blood but are not fully part of the Tribe. Most
of them have inherited our wanderlust to one degree or

CT

gam

Swe
wy,
mee

another. They can make fine companions for us, but it is
alot of work to keep them enchanted. It's typically better
to keep in touch with them from time to time — they are
family, after all. But do not to try to take them with you,
for such trips only end poorly for all concerned.

OrdinaryMortals

All mortals have stories to tell, and if you stop to
listen long enough you can learn many valuable things
from them. If you're ever tempted to try to take one with
you along your path, just remember that only a few can
really let go of their lives for long. When it comes to a
final assessment, come in and dazzle them with stories
and adventure, then move on, leaving admirers in your
wake if you can. That way they get to taste the truth of
Uhuru firsthand, while you get to enjoy their finer points
without having to worry about them down the road.

Prodigals

It's a dangerous habit of the Kithain tribes to disre-
gard other supernatural groups simply because they do
not fit into the neat and tidy perspective of the feudal
structure. This has kept them largely in the dark about
these other societies, but as our journeys frequently take
us to places Prodigals congregate, we typically observe
them more frequently. Many Prodigals consider fae to be
little threat, if they even believe in them at all, so we have
managed to learn quite a bit. Listen well, because few
have any qualms about ending our lives if it suits their
purposes.

A ;
= Pe Rea Ones)

Corpses who cannot put aside their hunger for life,
these foul monsters infest most large cities like flies on a
carcass, growing fat off of the death and misery of others.
Fortunately for our sake, most cannot perceive us for
what we are, and even those that can dare not move far
from the cities for risk of starvation
ShapeChan ers
(Bete, Beast-People)

We share many common ancestral ties with these
feral beast-men, but their ways have always been ones of
violence and anger, and that has kept us distant from

KITHBOOK: ESHY

x
&

them. We appreciate their love of the wilds and their
respect for the spirit kingdoms, but that is all. One group
of wolf changers shares ties with us through ancient
Egypt, the Silent Striders. Their love of the trails,
ytelling ability and reserved have allowed us
to cultivate a friendship with them. Remember, how-
ever, that even the most passive shape changer harbors
killing rages, so mind which way you toss your insults.
Wizards
Apahuinge, Name Takers
or Name Stealers)

From the earliest days, there have been humans who
envied the power that Elegbara and the other orishas
had, and in their envy th ls sougt
names of things that they might share some of the power
of the gods. Some came to the orishas and beseeched
them for knowledge, offering their obedience in return
for learning. Ott pent ti dying by th Ives in
an attempt to puzzle out the tiniest mysteries of Obatala
for themselves. Some went mad from the pursuit of
power, and in their madness learned how to unravel the
world around them. Still others made pacts with dark
spirits and wicked orishas to gain the magic they sought.

out the secret

That is why we cannot trust the adahunse to this day
— there is no sure way to tell which ones have earned
their power through personal courage or benevolent
service to the orishas, and which ones have made sinister
bargains or simply lost their minds entirely. Never reveal
yourself unless you absolutely must, and remember al-
ways that mortals were never meant to wield the powers
these beings do. Only ill can come of it.

hosts
(Abiku, the Unseen)

So many suffer in this lifetime, so much love is
consumed by pain. It is small wonder, then, that many
mortals die unhappily and that some actually return as
abiku to lament their lost lives and torment those who
live still. If you attract their attention, be kind and
remember that many seek nothing more than to right
some wrong or attend a lover not yet joined with them.
This does not make them any less frightening, though,
and should you offend one, I can only hope your mind
will withstand the torture they will put you through.
Remember, they have little to lose either way.


2S ERRATA NTT ARTES TRE SLT ASSERTS 5
</ ery
There is one other thing you should know: should danger most humans pose to us is slight. Still, sometimes Vx
you find paths that take you to the Bush of Ghosts, the — our agemo turn on us out of fear or envy, and they are the ys
dwelling place of the abiku, never choose to follow one most dangerous of all. Get help for them if you can, but (> J
lightly. Eshu's Chosen are creatures of life and energy, if they cannot or will not accept it, do not hesitate to put Sy
and the abiku see us with hungry eyes. Entering theirland them down for good. As family, you can offer no greater (is

isa terrible risk even for our kind, and many whod compassion to them. J,
return or, if they do, come back hollow of spirit. h x
TheVnouin nitichicl | | Ww
K F Ss No, let the fire burn down. It is a good time for me >)
NOK UMO) to get some rest and for you to press on if you want to (- 4

We know of only a handful of these beings, living make it to Philadelphia by morning. Had your fill of tales (
links to the great Nile dynasties, but they are so madden- of the supernatural? For all that you have just learned, e)
ingly elusive. Oh, what we wouldn't do to listen to their realize that th probabl i

(-

tales and hear of the world that our ancestors knew _ tions still unknown to us, worlds just waiting for a KR

UR

‘ ld 4 es
y entire Worlds ana civiliza-

J
firsthand, if only we could find one who would talk tous! grizzled old traveler or fresh young scout to explore. { X
Enj If K its sh wy
njoy yourself, young one. Keep your wits sharp, your
sunk on's Ch ilo ren senses ready and your feet fast. On your way, now! Don't Ve
% , look back. >,
spoilers) (SR

Y,

Mortals have long feared anything that lay out of the ()

range of their firelight. Most who hunt our kind do so eH
(Q
PX)

because they cannot understand what we are. Fortu-
%

nately, we are well hidden from their sight, and so the &s
a)
SS)
(=
(&
SI
Ss
SS)

CHAPTER THREE: THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD 59 yy



—

Cel
ey

we,

i

S

ee

us

TPs
RE

AYS

NEN

- A tf

Last night I saw a fool

Pass the edge of the world,

I dare not go back again —
History will be kind

And bear me in mind

And remember my name!

— The Toasters, "History Book"

Herein may be found two the eshu kith,
one of great beauty and nobility, the other the reviled and
disinherited members of the Tribe. Particularly notable
eshu also make an appearance here.

oblesof Purest
Blood: Oba

Every so often over the past millennium orso, Kithain
visitors to the eshu ancestral homelands would find
themselves in the court of a mighty caliph or matriarch
whose visage was radiant like the dawn and whose words

CHAPTER FOUR: LEGENDS AMONG THE TRIBE 1 YK

crackled with power and authority. These leaders ap-
peared to be like the eshu the Kithain were familiar with,
but somehow different as well: their eyes burned with
golden light like the trapp of the sun, and their
posture suggested the strength of the mountains and the
grace of the rivers. Perhaps strangest of all, the normally
defiant and adventurous eshu these Kithain were famil-
iar with treated these rulers with great deference, at times
bordering on outright servitude. Yet as soon as they were
out of the caliph's presence, the eshu became their
normal selves again and refused to discuss anything
about the encounter or the strange ruler they had met. If


sorely pressed, all they would say is that as the rising sun
gives hope to the world, so too did such visits give them
direction. And for centuries, that is all the other Kithain
could learn, much to their frustration.

Of course, this is because the Chosen of Eshu are no
fools and know very well when they've got an advantage
to hang on to it for as long as they can. Thus, they have
allowed few to even become aware that the oba exist.
They are simply too rare and too important for the Tribe
to allow their existence to become public, lest enemies of
the Elegbara target them for destruction. Such fears are
not entirely unfounded, either. The oba are the beating
heart of the Tribe, the last pure bloodline directly de-
scended from Elegbara himself. As such they are en-
trusted with the Tribe's most sacred responsibilities —
tending what few lands the Tribe can still truly call home
and keeping the Tribe from drifting apart by acting as
leaders and spiritual guides. Though a Concordian eshu
quite possibly may never see one, or even learn that they
exist, all Elegbara feel the presence of the oba in their
hearts, and when one dies, the entire Tribe knows it.
Even to the Iku, oba are the closest things the Elegbara
will recognize as rulers of their kind, and that alone
should tell the skeptical exactly how important they are
to the Tribe.

Young oba are nearly identical to regular eshu, save
for their eyes, which are always speckled with either
striking gold or shining silver, depending on whether
they are Ojo or Iku by nature. Most are born into noble
families and are thus raised toward the thrones they will
eventually assume, learning the courtly arts of war, poli-
tics and leadership. An increasing number are born in
less fortunate circumstances, however, and must endure
years of deprivation and dodging Banality until their true
nature finally shines through. Oba are also legendary
hell-raisers in their childling and wilder years, sharing
the same love of adventure and weakness for a wager that
their cousins do. Eventually, though, they feel a deeper
call bidding them to return to the lands of their birth.
Upon their return, they are taken in by other oba and

derg rites of rulership, emerging in their full
glory at last as leaders and spiritual guides to their
Elegbara brethren.

Oba organization is loose at best; there are perhaps
three dozen of them with titles, for one thing, and for the
majority of their time they concern themselves with the
task of overseeing the day-to-day business of their lands,
both d dchi |. Although the actual laws
they enforce depend heavily on whether they are Ojo or
Iku, all oba are widely respected for their wisdom, fairness
and hospitality and gladly take in fellow Elegbara who
need assistance, provided such guests mind their man-
ners and don't protest over a little housework. Most
important of all, twice a year the oba secretly gather ina
grand council to discuss matters of importance to the
Elegbara as a whole. These meetings last for up to two
weeks, depending on how much there is to discuss and
how long the debate takes to resolve. At the end of the
council, a simple vote decides what course of action or
words of wisdom they wish to pass on to the Elegbara

regarding the issues that concern them. Trusted runners
: j; Nee A 1

y P d LO the far COTHICTS of the world
with word of these decisions.

To help escape detection, the oba are careful to wrap
these pronouncements in the guise of a new story or bit
of unearthed lore so that eavesdroppers are unaware of
the true import of the tale. All eshu instinctively recog-
nize that what they are hearing is important, though they
may not know exactly why unless they are aware of the
oba. While certainly not obligated to heed these procla-
mations, even the most rebellious Iku at least give them
some serious thought. This is the ancestral trust of the
Tribe speaking, after all, and their opinion carries great
weight.

Appearance

Atfirst, oba appear much like their tall,
slender and graceful, with pointed ears and enchanting
voices, although in them these features sharpen further
to pure perfection, making the oba almost painfully
beautiful to behold in their fae aspect. Most striking of
all, however, is their eyes — merely speckled with gold or
silver before they take a title, an oba's eyes become softly
shining orbs, like miniature suns or moons, once they
assume the throne. This radiance changes with their
mood as well, growing brighter when they are angry or



iL} Ly

Until then, they are considered too immature and un-
tested to receive the glory of this power, regardless of
what their actual age and life experience might be. When
oba are found eligible, this Birthright is activated as part
of the secret ceremonies required for coronation.

Oba cannot bond with lands outside of Africa, India
or the Middle East; all attempts to claim lands elsewhere
have failed, and in one instance even resulted in the
death of the obaas the very earth rebelled and swallowed
her whole. For that reason, oba will rarely, if ever, be
found outside these lands except in the most extreme
circumstances.

Oba can never botch rolls involving Empathy or
Leadership.

Tale Craft: Same as the eshu Birthright. Their tales
hold great weight as they impart wisdom to the whole
Tribe.

Frailties

Reckless: Identical to the eshu Frailty; this Frailty is
immediately and forever lost when the oba assumes a
title, replaced by the Native Soil Frailty (below).

Native Soil: Oba are literally tied to the lands they
love. Upon assuming a title, they become bonded to the
land they rule and cannot leave it or its Near Dreaming
counterpart for long without becoming sickly and even-
tually wasting away to nothing. This prohibition does
not include traveling the Far or Deep Dreaming, though
obaare still loath to leave their lands for long and will not
agree to doso unless the need is truly dire. Oba may leave
their territory for up to one full cycle of the moon. After
that they begin losing Health levels at a rate of 1 per day,
which cannot be healed by any means until the oba
returns to her lands. Oba are innately aware of this time
limit. Outside of their lands, oba suffer a +1 difficulty to
all rolls due to their constant pain and distraction.

Quote: Our words are the words of the rocks and the
trees and the rivers and the sky. We listen to the orishas, then
pass their guidance along to our people. What greater mission
could there be than to protect one's family?

gee
i

x
2S)

CV

Peers

KITHBOOK: ESHY

CS

Cycaturcset ie
Aithu

Though they hate to admit it, even the Chosen of
Eshu have their dark secrets, and one of them is the aithu.
Though they look similar on the surface, the aithu are a
corruption of everything the Elegbara embody. Eshu like
traveling alone, while aithu typically run in small raiding
parties, preferably with others of their own kind. Eshu tell
stories to entertain and enlighten others, while aithu use
their gift with words to rob the innocent and unwary.
Elegbara are synonymous with dignity and pursue their
chosen passions with g dstyle; aithu
unrefined, delighting in rough humor and pastimes con-
sidered immature by small children. Eshu follow the path
of destiny or freedom, as suits their nature, and heed the
call of adventure; aithu, on the other hand, see no point
in destiny of any kind and flee at the first sign of trouble
when the going gets even remotely tough. Elegbara claim
that the aithu first sprang up as the result of ignorant
humans perverting tales of their own Iku brothers, turn-
ing them from noble rogues into little more than scaven-
gers and bandits. As these stories multiplied, so too did
the aithu, which is why to this day they travel in packs.
They even corrupted the very name of Elegbara, twisting
it into the vulgar aithu, which is perhaps the greatest
crime of all in the eyes of Eshu's Chosen.

These differences, combined with the fact that aithu
raiding parties frequently targeted the very lands the
Elegbara called home, gave the oba no choice but to
finally declare war on them several centuries ago, seeking
to drive them from the world forever. It was a war carried
out away from Kithain eyes, raging throughout Africa
and even spilling over into the Middle East and parts of
Eastern Europe. At first it was a nearly even match, for
despite their powerful magic and superior courage, the
Elegbara still fought alone, as was their custom, while the
aithu traveled in raiding parties that frequently over-
whelmed their lone opponents through sheer numbers.
At last, however, the wrath of the oba exploded into full-


—4

blown battle rage, and brimming with fury they led the
first and last great war parties of the Elegbara against their
enemies. The devastation was terrible and casualties
heavy on both sides, but in the end the Elegbara tri-
umphed as they knew they would. The few surviving
aithu were captured and banished to a distant oubliette
realm of the Dreaming, where it was believed they would
languish until the end of all things.

Last year, however, word came from a trusted scout
that the telltale tracks of the aithu had been found in a
region of the war-ravaged Sudan. Following these marks
led to a camp that, while abandoned at the scout's
approach, confirmed that not only had the aithu re-
turned, but their numbers were rapidly on the rise again.
Worse still, in their haste to flee the scene, they had left
behind proof that not only confirmed there were more
bands of aithu active in Africa, but that several packs of

them had also already infiltrated Europe and Concordia
as well. While they hate making such private business
public, the oba know that the time has come for them to
let the Kithain know of the existence of these twisted
cousins, before they malign the name of true Elegbara
forever. Now all that remains to be seen is just how
widespread they've already become.

Left to their own devices, most aithu will gather in
packs of their own kind, or failing that, other villains who
share their love of theft and trickery. Crafty aithu bands
(there are a few) use their numbers and Birthrights to set
up elaborate confidence games, possibly fleecing a dozen
or more people at once. Even the most suspicious folk
don't tend to expect that a whole group of seemingly
innocent people could all be working together, after all.
Lazier or less intelligent aithu simply form street gangs or


> — — = = = = = = = = = 2 = = = = = = = a J

Ku a
S LL

vA bi Tl usi 5 oi s ‘

en biker clubs and travel where they will, using their voices Birthri sht =

\ to hold mortals captive as they rob houses or entire ;
\s <} neighborhoods, then slip away under the cover of the _ Entrancement: All aithu have enchanting voices,
A Mists. Aithu prefer to keep their own company but will like their eshu cousins, but over time they have devel-
yr work with other Thallain and members of the Shadow Ped avery specific way of using their voices to help hunt
% Court if none of their own kind can be found, effectively fr prey. They may try 1: fap an audience with the
‘Sy adopting these friends as their new pack. They loathe hypnotic power of their voices, allowing the aithu a
\A eshu and oba, though, regardless of court, and will never chance to escape or making their targets easy pickings for
4, keep company with them for long except to betray them their associates. Targets may not be assaulted in any way
or otherwise do them as much harmas possible. In battle, the effect is immediately broken, although targets are
aithu enjoy using their numbers to their advantage, and treated 28 surprised for the first round of combat due to
given time to prepare they will attempt to use their the distraction of the magic. Note that this does not
disguise ability to lure their enemies into carefully ar- prohibit picking pockets, stealing jewelry or other
ranged ambushes, striking from surprise whenever pos- OMaggressive thievery. Once the tale is over, the Mists
; ;
sible. They are not noted for their courage, however, and ©MSuTE that mortals usually don't remember this
most will retreat if injured or even if it simply looks like Birthright's use. (Supernatural creatures may, at the
the fight is going against them. Aithu typically put a Storyteller's discretion, roll half their Willpower versus a
} * : , *
surprising amount of work into pulling off theirschemes, ‘@"8*t of 8 hing didn't scom right.)
then flee town to enjoy themselves and do as little as To use Entrancement, the aithu must begin telling a
possible until the money runs out, at which point the StTY, spend a Glamour point and roll Manipulation +
cycle starts anew. Persuasion, resisted by the target's Willpower. If the
A) aithu gets even one success, the target is frozen in place
| oN Appearance until the aithu finishes speaking or the effect is inter-
M F 4
(4 When they must, most aithu can pass themselves off rupted as outlined above. Oba and eshu as completely
| \s as rather unkempt eshu, though their differences become !™™une to this Birthright. It is impossible for aithu to
ey more obvious the closer one gets. Aithu are slightly ©Y* botch a Subterfuge or Athletics roll.
,

1
that

USGL,

SS) COG

(4 shorter than their eshu counterparts, with stubbier ears as Pitiful Visage: Aithu have limited natural shape-
——) ) well. While most eshu are fairly thin, aithu appear lean
a) and hungry, no matter how well nourished they actually
-\ are. Their hair naturally twists into dirty tangles, while
vA their eyes are dark, wild and clever, like those of a

shifting talents and may spend a Glamour point and
make an Appearance + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 7); if
successful, they can alter their features to appear as either
a kindly old person or a beautiful and naive young thing.
This change lasts for up to 1 hour per success. Aithu
usually employ these unthreatening disguises only to
better catch potential victims off guard or to help escape

K
Z

=)

les scavenging animal on the prowl, and they fidget con-
vA) stantly, always checking the nearest exit. Aithu have
a

NC
slight but distinct points on their teeth, which they often
the notice of angry victims of past scams. Specific indi-

KB
Sy like fine clothes and luxury accessories but tend to wear Viduals may not be imitated with this Birthright, nor can
NS it drastically alter the character's height and weight,
x4)

them out quickly, so even their newest clothes look
‘ZK though the appearance of the other gender may be

hide by smiling only right before they spring a trap. They

bP

slightly ragged. D:
y Pa h |

eA lll
relatively recent return, due

o vAtL 1s 1 ‘ f,

to their rapid breeding | | y aithu from

1

— impersonated if the aithu desires. Finally, it does not

\% .) practically every racial stock one can imagine, though change any "scientific" details about the aithu (finger-
Y

Q
Y) African and Mediterranean features still predominate. Prints, retina patterns, etc.), nor does it change a
= Note: Aithu are a Thallain kith and as such do not character's Attributes Lamy ey — as ot purely ——
Sy have a Seelie Legacy, but rather two Unseelie Legacies transformation, though a conwineng ONS. Suspicious ae
\% they alternate between. This also means that cantrips #Y S¢€ through the disguise by beating the aithu's
(ZA require the Fae Realm of Elusive Gallain to be of any use SUCCESSES ON @ Perception + Kenning Falk, ieewize, vigi-
S)) against them. disor on ) P
vA Affinity: Actor samen
oN

es]
SlM1Lar Tests at

¥
eA
re KITHBOOK: ESHU

PN led >>

Wy

xT

This Birthright can never be activated in front of
mortals, but an aithu who is already transformed may
wear his disguise in their presence normally. The Mists
protect aithu who shift back to their true shape in front
of mundane witnesses.

Frailties

Spellbound: There's one easy way to tell aithu from
their eshu cousins: aithu cannot stand listening to the
stories of others, because they easily become absorbed in
them and fall into a state much like the one caused by
their own Entrancement Birthright. To avoid this, they
will constantly interrupt, change the subject and other-
wise actively disrupt the efforts of others to tell stories. If
someone is particularly persistent, the aithu will become
openly hostile and seek to remove themselves from the
offender's presence as quickly as possible. Little stories,
such as someone relating what they did at school or a
minor incident that happened one day when they were
five, do not trigger this Frailty, though they are still quite
irritating to the aithu. Only longer, more involved tales
trigger it (Storyteller's discretion). For some reason,
fellow aithu and other Thallain never trigger this Frailty,
although even then aithu like being the center of atten-
tion and are quite rude to those who try to take it from
them.

Scherezade

All Elegbara offer prayers to Scherezade, the Lady of
Legends, especially those who freq ly find tl |
mere tale away from disaster. S laim that she has
appeared in dreams and visions to teach a tale to those in
dire need of one to save their lives, though of course the
truth of is imp verify. In any event, the
Elegbara revere heras one of the earliest and greatest orishas
to arise from the ranks of the Tribe, and the common eshu
parting exp May you live to tell a thousand tales has its
origins in the early forms of her legend.

Not much is known about the life of Scherezade
apart from what she herself chose to tell (indeed, another
common name for her is the Mistress of Veils) and
thatwhich mortals and Elegbara alike have since passed
down over generations. However, two important ele-
ments escaped the mortal accounts of her life: the first,
the legendary "floating freehold" known simply as the
Scherezade's Circle, is described in full in the Appendix.
The second concerns her descendants, who continue to
be a source of both pride and frustration to the Tribe.

As the Elegbara tell it, though at first Scherezade was a
mere servant of her sultan's whim, once she had won his
favor she eventually bore him five children. Two were fine
sons, and three were daughters, triplets, who had a gift for

jl

1

hes S 1 1

Any ti y feels th has been
exposed to too much unblemished narrative, or any time
the aithu is the target of an appropriate Social roll, the
character must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 8).
Failure means the aithu is entranced for the duration of
the story. What's more, when it is finished, aithu feel
compelled to either return anything they've taken from
the target or offer the storyteller some minor favor or
small gift as payment for the tale (a few dollars, a single
meal, etc.).

Quote: Mind if my friends and I come in out of the cold

for a moment? We won't be long.

TaleSpinnersof
ote

Even among the Elegbara
noteworthy than others. The following are some of those
who have earned a great name for themselves within
(and in many cases, outside) the Tribe.

Pe | j
more

CHAPTER FOUR: LEGENDS AMONG THE TRIBE

prophecy but y f the sultan'sj

to bring misfortune wherever they traveled. Such was the

havoc that followed them, in fact, that Scherezade had to
1 4 seh +h, ]

"ods Fon ee a
lives with the finest story

1eaa

= leg
of her life. When it was over, he agreed to spare them the
1 L

hladel 4 4s} } d. 1
Diade Dut decreed that ney separated, est

they bring an end to his kingdom once and for all.

—

67

<I <4
aS

K~X\
Vl

2.

pared |
a

ASP)
yA

CJ

Angry and bitter at their exile, the three daughters
—all Elegbara tl in return, one
they sealed with their blood: that if three of their children
were one day to come together, they would bring the
entire Middle East down in flames around them. So

saying, they vanished from the face of the world. It is said
Cah : eae 4 L a, P

that E y tothe wind every night
to keep them safe, but she never saw them again. Every
few generations, however, there would arise an Elegbara
ora pair of them whose gift for tales was clearly the mark
of some great lineage and whose lives enriched the Tribe,
but whose arrival was heralded by disasters throughout
our homelands. Some of the eldest claimed that during
those times you could hear a woman's soft sobbing on the
desert winds.

So continues the cycle. There have not been any of
Scherezade's line known in nearly two centuries, but the
greatest ifa show signs that two are already at large some-
where in the world and that the app f the dark star
means a third is also wandering the world. Should they
come together, it could mean the beginning of Endless
Winter . . . or herald a new Spring for all the tribes.

ack "Black Train"
ton

Growing up just a step ahead of the law in one of the
rougher neighborhoods of Trenton, New Jersey, during
the early ‘80s, young Jack wasn't quite the callous crimi-
nal some of his peers were, but his anger at the raw deal
he felt he'd been handed kept him from staying out of
trouble for long, though he had a talent for never getting
caught for anything really bad. His nine lives were bound
to run out sooner or later. Finally brought before a judge
for something that wouldn't go away with a month of
smiling and good behavior, Jack took the option the
judge offered him. He enlisted in the Navy for as long as
they'd let him, figuring it would at least get him the hell
out of town to see the rest of the world for a while.

The ceaseless drudgery and strict discipline spoiled
even his modest dreams of touring the globe, however, and
before long Jack found himself regularly getting in trouble
with the Naval authorities, just as he had with the civilian
ones. Sick of it all, Jack had no purpose, no vision and a
lifetime of frustration looming ahead of him. He was sitting
alone in a seedy dive on one of his rare shore leaves when
lady luck stepped in to save the day, as a local punk band
took the tiny stage and began to play. Initially contemptu-
ous, Jack became entranced — as he likes to put it, punk
wasn't the missing piece of his life's puzzle, it was the

68 KITHBOOK: ESHY

inspiration he needed to say the hell with the puzzle
altogether, toss the pieces in the trash and just live his own
damn life. In that one (now infamous) night in the pit, he
became a deserter, a punk, an Elegbara and an avowed Iku
all at once, and he hasn't so much as glanced back since.
Jack quickly became a fixture of the growing punk
scene, acting as a roadie for dozens of seminal bands and
in time touring with a few of his own. He watched the
scene grow, cheering as it made the mainstream nervous
and mourning the gradual distancing from its two-tone
roots that in time made a black punk rocker like him an
exception rather than the rule. Naturally enough, those
who warped the music to suit their neo-Nazi leanings
never ceased to piss him off, and legend has it he earned
his nickname "Black Train" as much for his ability to
plow through his opponents as for his equally powerful
need to always be on the road.
1. kK;

f, d

atime

g a‘ g grumy

eventually settled in. Rather than fight against it, Jack

returned to his home state, where he continues to book
ecco

d thescene

shows, gi Pp
that he loves. He is forever fascinated by the primal core of
energy behind the music, which has managed to stay the
same even as trends and bands alike came and went, and
draws his Glamour from the joy
as from the ideology of the lyrics. An avowed anarchist, he
sees the sidhe as being just as bad if not worse than the
mortal power structure. He's wanted by both for a variety of
lesser and greater crimes, though the knig

sent to collect him always seem to get the worst part of a

£41 C }
yorthe pitas mucn


mosh pit right as they think they have him trapped. Barring
some truly outrageous crime, the courts have unofficially
decided to leave him in peace. Jack also acts as a combina-
tion mentor/mouthpiece for many of the young Iku in the
Tribe.

He can most often be found working the door at
DisHarmony, a small midtown bar that he's made famous
for its rowdy Thursday night punk shows, telling stories and
joking with the kids while bouncing out those souls who
simply come looking to start trouble. Though now a full
decade or more older than most of the kids in the scene, if
Jack's afraid of growing old or losing touch, he doesn't show
it. Chances are that most Concordian Iku have at least
heard a couple of the CDs by one of his many bands.

MarieLaveav

There is some debate over whether this enigmatic
Elegbara lf. E lai d member of the Shad Court
and "Voodoo Queen of New Orleans," is actually the
original lady to bear that name, as many of her admirers
claim, or merely someone who has taken her name from
the orisha that arose from her following. But even the
most ardently skeptical fae feel a moment of uncertainty
when they look into Marie's flashing eyes. For her part,
Marie does not say, but her uncanny likeness and her
mastery of the darker Arts of fae magic is enough to
convince most of her fellow Unseelie not to take a
chance on the matter. In her lighter moments, she claims
she's been able to build her entire criminal organization
without using even so much as harsh language. Critics
respond by saying that if she wished someone to cooper-
Id easil f her magic (or

ate, sh

her victim) was never found, either.

Marie first appeared in the New Orleans area about
two years ago and, as one might expect, immediately
became a sworn enemy of Duchess Lisette Levay, who
already styled herself head of New Orlean's voodoo
community as well as its Shadow Court ties, and a bitter
turf war began. Fanatics fought on both sides — some
who claimed that Marie was a name taker and charlatan,
others who believed that she had arrived to rescue the
city from the clutches of its immature and impulsive
leader. As usual, Marie was the calm center of her own
storm, keeping a friendly if guarded face in public while
keeping tight control over the war efforts behind the
scenes. New Orleans became a battleground for all sorts
of shadowy forces, and Kithain were forced to take a side
or flee for their very souls as the magic escalated and both
sides waited to land a killing shot. Meanwhile, the

CHAPTER FOUR: LEGENDS AMONG THE TRIBE

Shadow Court waited as well, thrilled to see who would
win the testo hand thus th d 6

g thus their pp

Fortunately for Marie, the deadlock was ended by a
combination of unforeseen events. Furor surrounded the
disappearance of High King David, which Lisette hoped
to use to gain control of the entire Kingdom of Willows,
and the return of the long-lost sidhe of House Beaumayn
i ly n the region. Reeling from
these shots, Duchess Levay either retreated or was finally
defeated, depending on whose supporters you ask. Re-
gardless of the truth, however, Marie now rules from the
bayou, and the festive life of New Orlean's changelings
h albeit with a noticeably darker cast
than before. As for what she is planning to do with the
region now that she has it at least nominally in her grasp,
only Marie knows. She has been seen in the cemeteries
often of late, bearing tools for what looks like some
strange ritual, and there are those who have begun to
wonder if she might not really be part of the Shadow
Court after all.

To mortal eyes, Marie is the very image of her
namesake, a beautiful child of the South with café au lait
skin, enchanting eyes and a low, sultry voice that is
positively magnetic on those she favors or pure fire to
those she does not. In her fae mien, she appears very
much like what you would expect if you asked a child to
describe a voodoo priestess, all flowing scarves and flash-
ing jewelry, with a number of mystical charms — some
real, some not — and an almost palatable air of mystery
about her. She is warm and gracious to her guests and has
a widespread reputation in the Tribe for helping those in

s beoun
6

69 YR
O

a

AAV

a

Ss

>)

SNS
RANA


4]

as ey,
1

ma

Ce

LE

A

WW
oY ig

need of the kind of favors only her magic can provide .. .
for a small favor or two in return, of course. And while
only a handful know it, she is deeply and powerfully
entrenched in the Shadow Court, and all Elegbara who
join will eventually have some business with her. She
enjoys the fact that since she has publicly acknowledged
her ties to the court, no one believes her to be a true part
of it, and she plays with the advantages this image offers
her as often as possible.
Dice
Though it is but the latest in hundreds, if not thou-
sands, of names and nicknames that he has assumed in his
staggering lifetime, Dice is always quick to point out to any
who ask that his current name is his favorite one of all. "It
captures the spirit of the times," he'll say, with a wink and
asmile. "God may not play dice with the universe, but I do
—and 1 intend to win!" This is assuming that an Elegbara
is lucky enough to come face to face with this legendary
wanderer to begin with. Dice is notoriously hard to locate,
even for one of the Tribe, and his habit of disappearing for
d h i | w face over his

witha

old soul doesn't make it any easier.

Some of the younger Elegbara, believing this constant
switch is the result of his dying and being reborn in rapid
succession, have made him a figure of almost cartoonish

misfortune, al

off to be reincarnated with cheerful abandon. Dice doesn't
seem to mind this reputation, however, and there are a few
who claim he even added a few of the better tales to this
myth himself. Even those who subscribe to this notion,
however, do not deny the great wisdom and power that
Dice commands, nor his superb record of appearing to aid
other Elegbara in danger. He has become something of a
guardian angel within the Tribe, the cavalry who arrives
just in time to rescue those who usually are the rescuers
themselves. Dozens of Elegbara owe hima life debt through
such circumstances, but he just laughs it off if they bring it
to his attention, saying it's no less than he'd expect from
them if their positions were reversed. He shrugs off his
considerable powers in similar fashion, claiming it's noth-
ing others couldn't learn if they kept their eyes and ears
open for a while.

Few suspect, however, the true reason behind Dice's
magical mastery and seemingly flawless memory: he is a
Sichuan, one of the rarest of th g changeling
a fae who has perfectly balanced the twin halves of his
nature and, in so doing, become effectively immortal.
His last actual reincarnation was nearly a thousand years

KITHBOOK: ESHYV

70

ago and counting, although he quickly took to switching
faces frequently to keep both friends and enemies alike
from guessing his secret. That his current face is that of
a young ile-titu, a white man, only speaks volumes about
his playful attitude toward the expectations of others,
both within the Tribe and without. Despite the belief of
many grumps, Dice is solidly Ojo in outlook, for though
he tends toward the prankster side of Eshu's legacy, his
jests are always designed with a lesson in mind for those
willing to learn and laugh at themselves.

His tremendous life span has allowed him to become
what every Elegbara dreams of being. He is fluent in
hundreds of languages, master of more than a half dozen
Arts, walker of every great trail and trod on Earth and the
Dreaming, and wi d teller of more tales
than most folk have hairs on their head. His legendary
irreverence, nothing more than his way of handling the
weight of so many years, conceals a noble soul dedicated to
teaching and guiding his fellow Elegbara toward the desti-
nation that he himself has already attained.

Those who have seen Dice of late claim that he has
become increasingly interested in recovering a mysteri-
ous relic, once thought to be located on the Isle of the
Mighty but now lost to unknown hands. While he is
uncharacteristically silent about what it does or even
why it has become his duty to reclaim it, stories have
begun to circulate within the Tribe that he has begun
asking others for aid, which in turn makes the elders


nervous. If one as great as Dice is asking for help, then
what does it say about the power of this artifact?

Zubaidahloownu,
cupe esert Flower"

Though she came into her Elegbara nature only last
year, this newest and youngest of the oba is already
making a name for herself in a tribe full of legends. She
has opened her freehold (a golden castle known as the
Pearl of Dawn) | fall tribes. She hop help
create a worldwide changeling parliament where nobles
and commoners alike can settle their differences and
learn to work together instead of fighting against each
other as they all too often do. The castle encircles a lush
oasis and stands at the convergence of several major trods
in the Dreaming. In the mortal realm it is located outside
a small rural town in western Nigeria.

Standing before the last oba council, resplendent in
her traditional raiment and witha glowing crown of truth
upon her brow, she told them of her vision and how she
intended to pursue it. Impressed with her conviction, the
council granted her request to reveal her court to the
world and is watching with no small anticipation to see
how successful she will be.

Although she knows the road ahead is long and the
task she has chosen tremendous in scale, Zubaidah is
truly dedicated to her goal of fae unity. She has already
taken the first steps toward building the compact that she
envisions, sending invitations to the fae of Concordia,
the Fiefs of Bright Paradise and the Isle of the Mighty,
appealing to all fae to join her at the Pearl of Dawn, or at
least hear her words. She also sent entreaties to the
nunnehi of Concordia, the Menehune of Hawaii, the
Empires of the Inanimae, the Undersea Courts and even
the reclusive hsien of the East in hopes of creating a truly
representative body. She is enough of a pragmatist to
realize that the chances of these "outsider" groups joining
are distant at best in the current political environment.
Still, she holds out hope, and her words carry true
conviction, which has not g iced by those
parties who have refused her invitations.

Born the middle child of thirteen in a fairly prosper-
ous and traditional Yoruba family, Zubaidah has long
been skilled at cooling tempers and building bridges, not
tomention having her efforts get noticed by those around
her. Her childhood in Nigeria was happy and full of the
old legends and folktales. It is actually something of a
surprise to the other oba that with such a background she
did not come into her Elegbara nat Zubaidah

CHAPTER FOUR: LEGENDS AMONG THE TRIBE 71

herself simply accepts it as the will of the orishas, who
know the secrets of timing and destiny better than any
mortal could. She is a beautiful young woman with
elegant features, skin the color of the night sky, and eyes
like the sun at dawn. Asa mortal, she frequently is found
in the casual wear of the West, but in her fae mien she
always wears traditional Yoruba ceremonial dress, always

some shade of gold to represent her Ojo view.

It remains to be seen what will happen with her plans
for a fae parliament, but in the meantime the gates of the
Pearl of Dawn are always open to guests, and she wel-
comes the chance to trade stori ddi | li
politics with She tol
of her guests as best she can, but she does not tolerate
violence or bigotry in any form, and any who cannot
check their urges in those respects are quickly shown the
door. The Pearl of Dawn has also acquired a reputation
inside the Tribe as the starting point for many unique
journeys, as the strange and eclectic mix of kith that are
found there virtually ensures some form of adventure is
bound to break out sooner or later. Zubaidah tolerates
this as well, as long as they are not too rowdy, and smiles
at the knowledge that one day they will realize that these
adventures do as much for her cause as anything else.

=) S

s ts
Varlous WHIMS

RAR eARA ALICANTE

ti
J
oy


Hf

i

Mi]
iG

=

i
th


He said you can go back home

and never face the dangers,

Or continue towards a life

You will live among strangers.

His eyes softened for a time,

I could barely hear his voice:

"Tt isn't easy to decide,

but few get the choice."

— Boiled In Lead, "Raven, Owl, and I"

TS
UCLA

SS


R CEES s

l

A)

OK
2S)

KX Guerilla Skater

Quote: Manual over the bridge, grind that handrail, nail
the gap to the street and grab a bumper for a ride downtown?
Please. I was hitting tricks like that ten years ago. Just tell me
where we can do some real skating in this town, and I'll show
you how the pros are afraid to do it.

Background: Your parents said skateboarding was
too dangerous, but with money saved from two birthdays,
you bought a board and practiced at a nearby park. You
loved the sheer freedom of skating. All the respect you
got for your skills was almost unnecessary. Two weeks
after high school ended, you declared your intent to go
pro and haven't looked back since.

You were blowing off steam in London after a demo

h y this girl by and gave youa look that
meant only one thing: Beat that! Something surged inside
of you, and before you knew it you'd taken off after her,
locked in an incredible duel. By the time it was over,
you'd busted every trick in your arsenal, had half the city's
foot patrol on your heels and were still no closer to
catching her. Exhausted, frustrated, but still unwilling to
quit, you pushed for one last burst of genius to bring you
even with her. You flew into the air, higher than ever
before — and took the first nasty fall of your career.

You regained consciousness in a little freehold,
surrounded by a motley of London's lesser known
Unseelie fae. Your new fae nature opened a wel-
come array of new possibilities (and a brand new
landscape just begging to be skated). With anew
sense of confidence, you set out to carve a real
name for yourself.

You and your new motley began making
underground skate videos. Unlike in competi-
tions, where you refrain from using your Arts,
the gloves come off and the Glamour flows when
the cameras start rolling. To amuse yourself and
build your reputation, you refer to yourself by a

Al; £
t=)

variety of comic names and these
videos.
While few believe the more outrageous stunts are

anything more than "clever editing" or "special effects,"
lees path d

your tapes have become a hot under
ity inskate shops around the country. Even your sponsors
like this roguish double identity.

Concept: You live for competition, though your
toughest competitor is often yourself. You're gracious in
the way true stars in their field often are. You're enjoying
managing your own line of custom boards and gear. The
members of your motley tease you about becoming banal

74 KITHBOOK: ESHYV

&

Yas

Oe
cee we AN
tN
\ \\

ij >>) \ A and
= a "respon-
sible." This only

drives you to invent ever-
crazier stunts for your videos to

show them you're far from settling down!
Merits: Perfect Balance.

Roleplaying Hints: Spins, flips, tricks, grabs, lines,
ollies, manuals, grinds, runs — this is the world you live
in. If you're not actually skating or hanging out with
others who do, chances are you're counting the minutes
until you will be. But don't be obsessive about it; you
realize that not everyone shares your passion. And if
someone still gives you lip about it, well, there's no harm
in showing up someone who's being rude, right? Though
typically Seelie in outlook, your Unseelie side tends to
surface when the cameras start rolling.

1, backpack, discman
f

Equipment: C
skate videos, dog-eared copy of Hawk, some punk and
jungle CDs.

Q)

L&

—

S ACL AAG XEN <
IOI ODI S

Name: Court: Seelie Seeming: Wilder
Player: Legacies: Paladin/Rogue Kith: Eshu
Chronicle: House: Motley:
IN
(\ccRIOUTES—
Physical Social CDencal
Strength @@@00 Charisma @@@00 Perception @@000
Dexterity @@00@ Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina @@@00 Appearance @e@e00 Wits @@000
PN
Moilities
Talents Skills Knouiledges
Alertness OOOCOO Crafts OOOOO Computer___————s ®@OOO0
Athletics Drive @0000 Enigmas @0000
Brawl OOOOO Etiquette @O0000 Gremayre OO00O0
Dodge @@@00 Firearms OOOOO Investigation OO00O0
Empathy @0000 Leadership @0000 Law OOO00O0
Intimidation. OQOOOO Melee OOOOO Linguistics @@@00
Kenning. @@000 Performance @@@00 Lore OO00O0
Persuasion. @@000 Security @@000 Medicine OOOO0O
Streetwise @@000 Stealth @0000 Politics OOOO0O
Subterfuge OOOOO Survival OOOOO Science. 00000
IN
(Advantages
Backgrounds Arcs Realms
Dreamers e000o0 Legerdemain @0000 Actor @0000
Resources ee00o Wayfare @@000 Fae @0000
Retinue @@000 OO000 Scene ry)! e)
OO0000 OO000O0 00000
OQO0O00O0 O0000 OO0O0O
—— Ocher Traits == Glamour Healch
Perfect Balance e@e@ee@eo0o0o0o0odo F Real Chimerical
Bruise QO Oo
NOOOOOO0000O Hurt 1a g
; Injured -l QO Oo
Willpower Wounded -2 OU oO
@®@o000000 0 Mauled 2 Q QO
OO00000000 Crippled 5 O O
Incapacitated Oo Oo

= Ravaging/ CDusing Threshold =

Experience: [
)

Banalicy

=Birchrighcs/Frailcies=

@e@e@eoooooo0dd Spirit Pathways
gggggg09000 Flaw: Recklessnss

wy,
Koa
WH

¢
BadInfluence

Quote: C'mon, do it. It'll be fun! Old man Allen will
never know — we'll be gone before he even knows which
window's broken. I double dog dare you! Chicken!

Background: Lord Almighty, but you are trouble!
Everyone in your house, no, in your neighborhood,
knows what ahellion youare. Well, everyone
but Momma. You're her "little angel,"
youngest y sees hild oi (i 4
fastly refuses to believe all the neigh-
bors' stories about the hell raising
that you do. You couldn't ask for
better protection than that.

And do you ever exploit it!
You have an amazing talent for
getting other kids to do things,
just by talking to them. Sure, you
can do dares with the best of them,
but why bother when you can have
more fun getting other kids to do

what you want dtake the bl

if something goes wrong?
Eventherealizationofyour = /\\
fae nature hasn't stopped you. ‘4
You took one look at yourself
in the mirror, tried your first
minor cantrip, and thought Ke,
"Cool." The local court tried to \ é ‘
teach you things, and you smiled *\,
for all the grumps and pretendedto \\. '
care about chivalry and all that stuff, NS 4
but what you really wanted was to x dp
Start using your new powers to &
soon the other childlings QW \ |

cause some real trouble. Pretty
Go

aa,
wouldn't play with you any- /

|
more, but none of the grumps =) iy
would listen to their stories of | "/
your wicked ways. ig
f

Just like Momma, they don't want to think a charm-
ing child like you could be bad. Suckers! Of course, if they
knew how many viol of the Right of Ignorance you
and your tricks were racking up, they might not dismiss
it so easily.

You're the unquestioned master of your neighbor-
hood, the cool kid everyone's real nice to and a little
afraid of at the same time. You've honed your talents
to a peak of wicked perfection, and now, on the
eve of your Togail, you stand ready to enter the
' world of the wilders and try for the really big

league stuff.

Be afraid, Concordia. Be very afraid.
Concept: You really are a nice, charming,
polite child — to the adults in your life, anyway.
You're the same way to the other kids, too, until
you figure out what kind of goading or temptation
they'll respond to: taunts, praise, whatever it
takes. Then you're positively demonic, a
natural pusher. Before they know it you've
worked them way up the ladder of risks,
and when they finally fall and get caught,

your Birthright al that you're
in the clear when it comes time to assign
blame. You're not truly evil. You simply
haveno concept of the hurt that can come
from your tricks.

Roleplaying Hints: When with grumps
or any other adults in a position of author-
ity, be absolutely perfect. When you're
around childlings or other kids, become
their best friend first, then gradually see
how far you can push them into taking
risks. No need to hurry, though — you
have an amazing amount of patience for a
childling. You'll win eventually.

/ Equipment: Excuse note from parents
(forged), skeleton key, cigarette lighter.


-

Name:
Player:

Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Knave/Courtier

Seeming: Ch ilding
Kith: Eshu

q

Chronicle: House: Motley:
DN
(\ccRiOutTes—

Physical Social QDencal
Wr Strength. @0000 Charisma @@e@e0 Perception @e@e800
S) Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @e@e@e@0 Intelligence @@000
\< Stamina @@@00 Appearance @@0@00 Wits @@000
yr) DN
Ws
A Woilicies
ss ‘Talencs Skills Knowledges
I Alertness OOOOO Crafts OO00O Computer @@000
Wy Athletics @®000 Drive 00000 Enigmas @0000
hs) Brawl 00000 Etiquette @0000 Gremayre 00000
\ Dodge @0000 Firearms OOOOO Investigation @0000
vA) Empathy @0000 Leadership @ee@00 Law 00000
mn) Intimidation @@000 Melee OOOOO Linguistics 00000
4) Kenning OOO0O Performance @0000 Lore 00000
hn) Persuasion (Best Friend) @@@@O Security @0000 Medicine 00000
1 Streetwise : @0000 Stealth @@@00 Politics @0000
4 Subterfuge White Lies @ee0ee@0 Sunival 00000 Science 00000
h PN

y Advantages
1 Backgrounds Arcs Realms
ha Contacts e@e000 Chicanery e@ee00 Actor eee00
ya Dreamers @0000 00000 Fae @@000
XA) Retinue @ee00 00000 00000
y 00000 00000 00000
Ka) 00000 00000 00000

Q —— Ocher Traits —— Glamour Health

— PO — Gm
>~S

@e@e@eeeo0000d0d

Real Chimerical

SSS SSI RG

)
iy
(
0,

~~

os

ENS

ERE

SS

S

tn
es

YA i

iy 90000000007" 5 4

he ; Injured -l Qa O

hr) (Uillpower Wounded -2 O O

NY @OO0O000000ND Maled 2 QO OQ

+S) QOO0000000 Crippled 5 O QO

hr, Incapacitated OU Oo

XY =Ravaying/CDusing Threshold = Banalicy =Birchrighcs/ Frailcies=

Re @®oo0odo0d00000 Spirit Pathways (- Y

h Tale Craft =

" Experi ence: [| QOOOOOOOO0O0O Flaw: Recklessness Gy)

, LY)
ats <i XG vi AGC CV SHY REC BRKT RY BRGY hana rae S

———— ——


| mal 78 KITHBOOK: ESHYU

oe,
ON Wanoerin Capoeira
yA eacher
\ . Quote: All life is a dance between pleasure and pain,

\A peace and aggression. I've merely learned how to combine
vA them better than most people.
MS

Background: You were a quiet child. Your too-wide
eyes looked beyond the gangs and drugs that filled the
A
va
&j&

streets of the run-down barrio where you lived, seeing
instead the honest, hardworking people who called the
‘i
=)
Y

neighborhood home. You learned that goodness and
ey

gave you all the encouragement she could, helping you
enroll in a dance school across town.

S

Unfortunately, this "un-macho" passion and your
natural do-gooder streak got you in trouble with the
neighborhood gangs. You never backed down and fought
them when you could. There were too many of them.

beauty can survive under any conditions. Your mother
qj

S
Ca

Suddenly your teacher burst into the alley, dressed in
flowing robes, her pointed ears creating an otherworldly
effect. She struck down your attackers, using quick,
dancelike movements, delivering bone-shattering kicks
and disabling knee strikes, yet flowing gracefully out of
the way of return blows. A few seconds later, the gang lay
at her feet, clutching various broken pieces of themselves
and howling for mercy. She led you out of the alley and
into your new life.

After dressing your wounds, she told you what it was
to be Elegbara, Chosen of Eshu. She taught you the
martial arts as she had learned from her mentor. You
learned dance by day and capoeira, the favored fighting
art of the Tribe, at night. You discovered its African
origins, how slaves in Brazil used it to fight back against
their oppressors, employing capoeira's handstands and
other acrobatics to fight even in manacles. Through
capoeira, you could face terrible odds.

You traveled to Concordia on the dance scholarship
you'd earned. It was a strange new land, a world away from
Brazil, but you found friends there quickly, and your

calling came as naturally as the dance.

——
(A) CN af 7, res ee Concept: Your soul is dance,
= i : \ \ ‘s whether in play or battle. You turned
wr Dreams . —— Sie down numerous professional dance
Cy of a dance scholarship ~ iM) be eeeat offers to travel on your own. You
v2 kept you going. xf W = teach children to embrace dance as
{

Trouble finally exploded when
you reported some gang members for
robbing an old woman, and the rest
came after you. Three grabbed you.
The fourth flashed his knife, cut-
ting deep gashes across your
chest and stomach. Dizzy y
fromfearand blood oss, , \(ff f AAS
your vision turned... ,|
strange. The gang WW
looked monstrous,
with huge sharp
teeth and flame-
red hair.

\
> » ws A by thugs and bullies moments before they enter an

i *
, [/ \
ph

Ss
m

Q
Q)

Eon an expression of peace and joy, but
~=_/ — youalsoshow them capoeiraasa means of

protecting themselves. Your gift for stories
expresses itself in quiet philosophy and parables. Your

, Unseelie side is a terror to behold, usually witnessed only

assisted period of physical inactivity.

Roleplaying Hints: Be quiet and polite but remain
unshakable in your principles. The novelty of a quiet
eshu makes other changelings even more likely to listen
when you do speak. When the music starts or the battle
is joined, explode into action with joy in your heart.
Watch over any children in the area, especially
childlings, and protect them to the last breath in
your body.

Equipment: CD player, capoeira music,
opa, backpack, small dance mat.

Note: For more information on
capoeira, as well as special rules for
. * incorporating it into play,
WAX 7 see World of Darkness:

2 Combat.


Name: Court: Seelie Seeming: Grump
Player: Legacies: Sage/Fata list Kith: Eshu a
Chronicle: House: Motley: K
\ccribuces wy)
Physical Social CDencal ®
Strength _(Wiry ) @@@@0 Charisma @@@00 Perception @e@e@00 yy
Dexterity (Gymnastics) _@@@@O Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @@000 DS
Stamina @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits @@800 (: =f
d\oilicies (
Talents Skills Knouiledges ry
, Alertness @@800 Crafts OOOOO Computer___ SS OO0O0O Ld
Athletics @@@00 Drive OO000O Enigmas @0000 we,
Brawl_(Capocira) @@000 Etiquette @0000 Gremayre___ Ss @OO00 SS]
Dodge @@@00 Firearms 00000 | igati OOOO0O &
Empathy OOOOO Leadership @0000 Law OOO0O0O g
Intimidation OOOOO Melee @@000 Linguistics @@000
Kenning OOOOO Performance(Dance) @ee0@0 Lore OOO0O
Persuasion. OOOOO Security. OOOOCO Medicine @0000
Streetwise @@000 Stealth OO0O0OCO Politics 00000
Subterfuge OOOOO Survival. @@000 Science OO00O
PN
Advantages
Backgrounds Arcs Realms
Treasure (Blessed Opa) @@e@@e0 Soothsay @0000 Actor ee0nd
Remembrance e0000 Wayfare @e000 Fae @@000
Resources @0000 00000 Scene @0000 ,
Title (shu) @0000 00000 00000 |
00000 00000 00000 :
|
—— Orcher Iraics —— Glamour Heal

= Ravaging/CDusing Threshold =

C€xperience: [

aD
cA |

@e@e@eoo0o00o0o0d

QOOOOOUOOOO |,

(iltpower

@@e@e@ee00000
NQOOOOO0O000

Banalicy
@e@e@e@ee00000
OQOOOOO0O0O00OO

CHAPTER FIVE: ORISHAS VET TOCOME

Real Chimerical

Bruised o oO
urt 1 Q O |
Injured -l dQ o ; |

Wounded -2 OU oO eS,
Mauled 2 QU il |
Crippled 5 O Oo OS)
Incapacitated O Oo & |
=Birchrights/Frailcies= iS
Spirit Pathways w)
Tale Craft (ee |

Flaw: Recklessness <I

79 Ye

ty
a8

3

SOs
oe

| <B>

&:


BloodyMary

Quote: War knows no borders.

Background: You came into the freehold a runaway,
ten years old and already through your Chrysalis, but
with absolutel y of who you were or where you
came from. Etta took you in and raised you as her own
daughter. She defended you from the worst insults of the
others and did everything she could to track down your
past.

After a couple of years your sweet nature won you
friends, and your Togail was the largest fae party the
county had ever seen. News of the return of the sidhe and
the early conflicts did little more than merit amoment of
wonder amid the already wonderful summer. Two weeks
of summer camp seemed like an eternity, but it was a
tradition Etta insisted on, so you left in a flurry of kisses.

No word ever came.

Frantic, you skipped out of camp and ran home, only
to find the chimerical aspect of your town burned to the
ground. The local Kithain were lost to Banality, and Etta
was dead. You discovered that an army of sidhe razed the
town chimerically when your friends refused to swear
fealty to their "lords." Etta led the rebels and bore their
ire.

with a commoner resistance cell that taught you
weapons, stealth, unarmed fighting and survival
skills. On the front lines in nearly every theater of
the Accordance War, your reputation as an ice-
cold warrior grew to legendary status. You took
comfort in the knowledge that every sidhe you
killed was one less who would enjoy the fruits of
tyranny.

Then the Accordance War ended. All you knew was
killing. You had developed a taste for it. So you packed up
and headed abroad in search of work. At first it seemed
wrong to fight for money instead of for a cause. Finally
you realized that war is its own reason.

You've been a hired "gun" for over twenty years now,
traveling around the world both in your mortal guise as
a "security consultant" and your fae occupation as the
head of the Frost Hammers, one of the top Kithain
mercenary units in history. Recent news of the unrest in
Concordia signals that it's time to returnh dsettl
some old scores once and for all.

you've stayed young, almost as if the Accordance War

30 KITHBOOK: ESHYU

After burying Etta, you took to the road, joining up
/

froze you forever. You are ruthless and efficient in battle
and will fight for anyone who meets your fee, despite your
original intention to never hire out to nobles. Sometimes
asmall part of you asks whether the killing will ever stop,
but that voice is quickly silenced — it's all you know, it's
all you have, it's all you are now.

Merits: Faerie Eternity

Roleplaying Hints: A true ice queen, you never
smile or laugh, except at an opponent who's about to die.
Ask questions concisely and politely before accepting a
job, andwh : ith cold dispassi
Nothing gets through to you anymore except the thrill of
the battle, and even that has been harder to come by
lately.

Equipment: Wide va-
riety of weapons and ar- .
mor — real and chimeri-
cal, modern and ar-
chaic.


IESZ

——

7

eR

©

Fy 2)
we
I

5
|

MESISIISS:

<>

A

a

Rie Ka Wf CKXEN 6 Aff. Zz

, eS f
Bi Gi

Name: Court: Unseelie Seeming: Wilder
Player: Legacies: Beast/Bumpkin Kith: Eshu
Chronicle: House: Motley:
DN
(\cTRIOUTES
Physical Social CDencal
Strength @@@00 Charisma @0000 Perception @@000
Dexterity. @@@00 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina (Relentless) @@@@0 Appearance @@@00 Wits_(Unfazed) @eee0
PN
/\dilicies
Talencs Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@@00 Crafts @0000 Computer OOO0O0O
Athletics @@000 Drive OOO0O0O Enigmas OOOO0O
Brawl @@@00 Etiquette OQO0000 Gremayre. @@000
Dodge @@@00 Firearms @@e@00 Investigation @@000
Empathy OOOOO Leadership 00000 Law OOO00O0
Intimidation @@O00 Melee (Breadsword) @ee@@0 Linguistics OO000
Kenning OOOOO Performance 00000 Lore OOO00O
Persuasion, OOOOO Security OOOO0O Medicine @0000
Streetwise OOOOO Stealth OO00O Politics OOO00O0
Subterfuge OOOOO Survival @@000 Science OO00O0
yN
-\dvantages
Backgrounds RTS Realms

Chimera (sword) @@000 Primal ee@ee0 Fae eeee0
Resources @@e00 oo000 Scene @0000
Treasure @0000 00000 00000

OOOO0O OOO0O0O OO0O0O0

OOOO0O OO00O0 OOO00O0
eee Ocher. Traits = Glamour Heatch

Faerie Eternity

=Ravaging/ QDusing Threshold =

Cxperience: [

@e@e@e@eo00000d0d
NOOOO00000

(Uillpower
@e@e@eoooo0oodond
NQOOOOOOOO0O

Banalizy
e@e@eooo00o0oo0ood
NQOOOOOOOO0

Bruised

Hurt i
Injured 1
Wounded  -2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

Real Chimerical

DHOUcCoOou
OCoocoocdo

=Birchrights/Frailcies=

Spirit Pathways
Tale Craft
Flaw: Recklessness

BUAIS
ABS
@an?,
) i

iy

o

SS

Xe

O

Te

USS

V

at

o>

a

S

The Esh iq if their Backgrounds,
Treasures, Flaws and Merits. They also possess an Art that
is little known (if at all) outside their own society.

New Backgrounds

The following Backgrounds express the unique cul-
ture and history of the Elegbara and are restricted to
eshu, oba and aithu characters, except as noted. The
Elegbara tend to have Backgrounds that can easily
follow them around somehow (such as Chimera or
Retinue), or those which are scattered across the areas
they're likely to travel (Contacts or Resources, for ex-
ample).

82 KITHBOOK: ESHYU

Destinations are often a
— Thessaly, Sandman: The Kindly Ones

surprise to the destined.

Ceremonial Tattoo

Elegbara all tend to travel light. Anything that's not
worn or easily carried is simply a burden to them, and
most Treasures become troublesome to keep track of as
the eshu travel. Yet sometimes a magical trinket is
needed to turn the tide in battle or pull off a particularly
clever trick. So the Elegbara reached into their tribal
heritage and created tattoos infused with Glamour, mak-
ing fairly inconspicuous Treasures that would be handy
when their wearers needed them.

Over the centuries this process has become scarce as
its practitioners die out and take the secret of the mystical
ingredients and rituals for fashioning these tattoos with
them. There are still a few Elegbara wise in the ways of


this ancient magic, and those fortu-

nate enough to receive such unique pf
blessings bear them with great pride.
As a tule, the tattoos are never
bestowed on outsiders. Rarely, if
someone proves herself a faithful
ally through
times of serious
_|l trial and hard-

ship on several

occasions, this
honor is be-
stowed.

Ceremonial
tattoos are de-
signed according to
the rules for the
regular Treasure
Background, includ-
ing point cost, but
with a few notable
alterations:
e Each tattoo
must be purchased
separately, and charac-

ters may never have
) more tattoos than
their permanent

e Players and Sto-
rytellers should remem-
ber that each tattoo
counts against the num-
ber of Treasures a char-
acter is exposed to for the

£

ing Bedlam.

bs =

Those who wish to heavily
adorn themselves had best be
well grounded in mundane
reality or risk falling quickly
into madness from the feel of
Glamour constantly dancing
across their skin.

© Tattoos are subject to
the normal guidelines sur-
rounding costs and activa-
tion requirements of Trea-
sures. Typical activation
rituals include dancing,

Qa?
Z

APPENDIX: TREASURES FROM THE TRAILS 33

ANS |
apis


gesturing, washing or rubbing it with a particular sub-
stance, and calling out the name or symbol it represents.
Though designed to be useful, tattoos must still appease
th icious d ds of Glamour before granting their

power.

e Tattoos are generally limited to Arts that affect the
bearer alone or that provide some form of self-defense.
Those with more powerful or far-reaching effects typi-
cally may have much more difficult activation stipula-
tions, and some powers simply may not be appropriate to
transcribe into tattoo form. The Storyteller must use
discretion.

RovyalLineage

Similar to the Title Background, Royal Lineages
represent an Elegbara's inherited social status and stand-
ing. It can prove quite useful in having a voice in tribal
affairs or petitioning elders for advice or favors. While
their sidhe counterparts expect their status to carry over
into other arenas in life, pragmatic Elegbara prefer to
judge an individual based on personal merit rather than
on who his parents happened to be. Thus, most of their
nobles do not automatically demand special treatment
according to their rank, although wise Elegbara still grant
the powerful some deference, if only to avoid their wrath.
As the name of this Background indicates, one's rank is
generally inherited. Iti yp | d
in rank by performing some great service to the Tribe
(securing your descendants a higher place of glory), or to
lose rank by g g caught performing |
your nobler and wiser ancestors. Most Elegbara remain in
the same station throughout life, however, and are con-
tent with any role that falls upon them.

Due to their ancient feud with the sidhe and the
contempt that the Shining Host instilled in the other
Kithain regarding the titles of the Elegbara, this Back-
ground generally does not apply outside of Africa, the
Middle East or parts of India. Anywhere else, the charac-
ter is treated as no different from any other "commoner,"
no matter how royal his blood may be. Needless to say,

hi inuing di i ith the Elegbara,
# Abas Fe,

1

Ast
dishonor

who draw much of their own pt for
this long-standing practice of ignoring their rightful
titles. The exception to this are the oba, who remain
nobles for the purposes of the Realm used in cantrip

casting no matter where they are.

In their ancestral homelands or within a court whose
. Lk "C4 1

tuling p YE
the Elegbara is considered a noble in every sense of the

J x1 5) se] id
Cher cities Valid,

KITHBOOK: ESHY

word, including requiring the Lofty Noble Realm for
cantrips to be successfully cast against them. All oba
receive a free dot of this Background during character
creation, and most take at least one or two more.
e Basic: A low-level (though often aspiring)
functionary, you do as you're told.
ee Minor: You have a specific role, such as
warrior or builder, and are trusted with it.
eee Useful: A vizier or shaman with perhaps a
small ancestral estate, your voice carries some
weight.
e eee Significant: A sultan or lesser chieftain,
you often have somewhat substantial lands out
side of your own, as well as a strong say in Tribal
affairs.
eeeee Incredible: A grand caliph, shah or
chieftain of a large tribe, your lands are consid
erable, and your influence in the Tribe is over
whelming.

Orisha Bond

While it is not exactly common among the Elegbara,
there are those in the Tribe who feel a particularly strong
bond with the orishas, such that they are able to gain a
measure of their power in return for an extra amount of
loyalty and service. Elegbara raised among the nunnehi
or the more remote native tribes of their ancestral home-
lands are the most likely to develop such a powerful
connection, though no few oba show a gift for it as well.
This Background reflects a character who has just such a
bond, be it to one of the orishas, a voodoo loa, a tribal
totem of their native culture or similar higher power.

In game terms, this Background is handled the same
as the Totem Background found in the Changeling
Player's Guide, with one major alteration. Elegbara
cannot use their bond i he Umbraas nunnehi
do, but instead can enter (or return from) their patron's
home realm in the Dreaming and travel elsewhere from
there. The systems for crossing over are the same, includ-
ing bringing passengers along, and can provide a re-
sourceful eshu with an excellent starting point for many
fascinating trips into the depths of the Far or Deep
Dreaming. Such powerful spirits as orishas or totems
dislike having their homes used like revolving doors,
however, so prudent Elegbara restrict such visits to times
of great necessity, lest their patron revoke the privilege
entirely.

Players should start with the orishas featured in this
book, then work with their Storytellers to come up with


the statistics for other orishas, keeping an eye on game
balance. What is acceptable as a patron for this Back-
ground is something natural as well as something with
the weight of tradition behind it. Animals, plants, ele-
ments, orishas, honored ancestors and the like are ac-
ceptable, but modern conceits such as computers, tech-
nology, or figures from pop culture are out of the ques-
tion. An eshu may follow Lightning, for example, be-
cause of its natural connotations, but not Electricity,
because that implies its technological uses.

Each orisha or totem has a certain cost in Back-
ground points. The higher the cost, the more powerful
the patron and the more potent gifts it confers on its
followers. However, such spirits also demand an accord-
ingly higher amount of respect and devotion from their
followers as well. These benefits are conferred largely
through game mechanics, typically an increase in an
Attribute or free levels in an Ability, while the require-
ments are expressed as Bans, prohibitions that must be
obeyed. In no case will a totem cost more than 5 Back-
ground points.

As always, use common sense and game balance
when deciding what benefits and drawbacks a particular
orisha or totem offers. The bond is ultimately a very
personal one, and so there is no true right or wrong even
between followers of the same orisha. However, players
who attempt to abuse this Background for some free dots
on their character sheet should be smacked down hard,
or else the cultural value and mystique of this Back-
ground is lost.

MeritsandFlaws

As the blessed children of Elegba Eshu, there are
some traits that the Elegbara alone display, even among
the great diversity of their fellow fae. Occasionally one of
these traits will manifest in an agemo with particularly
strong blood, but as a rule they are found only in true

Elegbara.

Wanuf

Point

: Your feet are especially durable and well suited to the

| long distances eshu typically cover. You are comfortable
going barefoot year-round, regardless of local tempera-
ture or weather conditions, and need not worry about
such natural walking hazards as splinters, city debris
(including most broken glass), burning sands or jagged

APPENDIX: TREASURES FROM THE TRAILS

J,

rock. For travel and traction purposes the character is
considered to be wearing sturdy hiking boots at all times.
This Merit does not protect from outright attacks or
weapons of any kind, nor does it cover crossing extreme
surfaces such as fire or lava. It also doesn't make the
character's kicks do any more damage than normal.

This Merit reflects a capacity, both instinctive and
trained, for being able to run long distances without
becoming tired. Many of the cultures of the Elegbara
homelands have employed long-distance runners as mes-
sengers and mail carriers for hundreds or thousands of
years. A character with this Merit may run or jog at a
steady (not sprinting) pace for up to 6 hours without
feeling the least bit tired. After that, he must make only
the normal Stamina checks to resist exhaustion once
every half hour; he makes all such tests at a—2 difficulty.
This allows the character to essentially walk at a normal
pace almost indefinitely, provided he takes occasional
breaks for food and water and a brief nap every 12 to 14
hours. He may do this for a number of days equal to his
Stamina rating before he must begin checking for ex-
haustion. Note that this Merit does not apply to sprinting
or other short-term bursts of speed, nor in other situa-
tions besides traveling. It does allow a character on foot
to cover a surprising amount of territory in a relatively
short period of time, particularly compared to those on
foot who lack this Merit.

Gift of Babel ;
2—Point Aptitude Merit)

One of Eshu's original duties was to serve as Olorun's
linguist, and as such he knew every language that ever
was. Your character retains some of this flair and can
potentially master an astonishing number of languages.
You may learn twice the number of languages that a
character with the same level of the Linguistics ability
would normally be able to learn, and all training times
with this ability are cut in half. Obviously, you must
purchase some level of the Linguistics ability for this
Merit to be useful; however, this Merit can be a godsend
to diplomats and other characters who depend on the
command of a wide variety of languages. This Merit can
also be combined with the Natural Linguist Merit to
make for a true mastery of languages.

Ly
met

Sune"

Lost Horizon
& to5—Point
upernatural Flaw)

It is the destiny of the Elegbara to wander, but your
travels are severely limited. You are bound to remain
within a particular set of borders, and crossing their
threshold i y diti
tical to the oba Frailty, Native Soil. These boundaries
need not be ones that are "officially" recognized, but they
must be very clear and specifically detailed to character
and player alike. The value of this Flaw stems from how
limited your horizonsare. A large or diverse territory such
as asmall country ora general region of a larger one (such
as the Northeast in the United States) is worth 3 points.
A smaller area, such as a singe large state or several small
ones, is worth 4 points. A ridiculously small area, such as
asmall state ora lone county within a larger one, is worth
5 points. Note that like the oba Frailty, this has no effect
on traveling in the Dreaming; indeed, your character is
likely to do so as often as possible to escape the tedium of
the same mundane surroundings.

iden-

CTissers ad Wast i 4

This Flaw stems from a curse or an ancient Geas and
cannot be undone except by truly legendary means. All
Elegbara pity those poor souls who suffer from this Flaw;
itis true that the obah ilar vulnerability, but that
is due to their natural duty to the land, while your

condition is generally a mystery or, worse still, a punish-
Fy } ic. 1] Ws ]

ment forsome past crime y feel
free to adjust the point value of this Flaw depending on
how likely it is to have an impact on play. If the setting
is going to be fairly static, decrease the value of the Flaw,
whereas if it will be likely to come up especially often,
additional points might be warranted. Storytellers may
also forbid this Flaw if having a player take it severely
disrupts their plans for their Chronicles. Oba cannot

purchase this Flaw.

Li Vins Legend

5—Poi ;
SupernaturalMerit)

You are the living, breathing incarnation of some
great hero or heroine; this does not have to be an actual
historical figure, but can be a character from mythology
or even (with Storyteller permission) a figure from more

contemporary fiction. Note that you are an incarnation,
‘ . "| i

not you are not actually the p
of that individual, but the embodiment of the legend of
that individual. Your mortal form must at least vaguely

resemble your true "heritage," but your fae mien matches

86 KITHBOOK: ESHU

a
9,
SS

a
MJ

it perfectly. Any Kithain with even the slightest knowl-
edge of the original tale will recognize you immediately,
kely to attract a great deal of attention in the
cultures that gave birth to the legend. You must purchase
at least 3 points of the Remembrance Background to take
this Merit to reflect the tie you have to the original
legend. All Remembrance rolls made while interacting
with or remembering things from your legendary "past"
are made at a —2 difficulty (minimum difficulty of 3).
What's more, y dditional two dice to all Social
rolls with those gnize you, Kithain or otherwise;
being in the presence of such a famous figure is impres-
sive, to say the least! At the Storyteller's discretion, this
Merit may also allow you to have knowledge of, if not
access to, certain chimera or Treasures related to your
legend. A character who is the incarnation of Roland
cannot expect to be handed his famous horn, for ex-
ample, but would be a storehouse of information about
the item and have vague ideas about where to look for it.

4
alla y

a

Note that this Merit does not provide any further
access to the capabilities of your legendary "ancestor"
than this. Whether you are nothing more than a very
convincing lookalike, or whether you can actually walk
the walk, as they say, is a question of what traits you
choose during character creation and beyond. Your ap-
pearance and your "memories" may make it hard to get
along unnoticed in ordinary society, and you may attract
unhealthy attention from ogun and worse. It can also be
very hard to live up to what is expected of you. Storytell-
ers are encouraged to constantly remind players with this
Merit just how exhausting and thankless it can be to live
in the public eye.

Nemesis
5-Point
SupernaturalFlaw)

1

—_

ion of some ancient hero

Maybe you'
or maybe you just have rotten luck, but whatever the
reason, you've inherited a true nemesis, an opposite
number determined to do you serious harm or even
destroy you. This feud falls outside the scope of the
regular Enemy or Hunted Flaws because it represents
something more cosmic. Not only does this individual
hate you and actively seek to do you harm, but the two of

you seem to have been specifically designed to be en-
7 .

emies, and your testament to it. Your
foe is nearly telepathic at anticipating your next move,
and both of you always seem to have an answer for each

other's best tricks or strongest powers, forcing a constant


}

5b BP way of P &
other. Both of you know it will never end until one of you
is put out of the picture permanently. The Storyteller is
responsible for creating this character and is under no
obligation to reveal her full powers and potencies. Op-
tionally, you may begin the game not knowing of your
nemesis, but rest assured, the Storyteller will have you
make her acquaintance before long.

Treasures

Having wandered the remote reaches of Earth and
the Dreaming since the dawn of time, the Elegbara have
come across oodles of mystical relics and magical arti-
facts. In modern times, many Elegbara make it a point to
seek out such items all across the globe, though whether
they do so out of greed, altruism or simple curiosity is a
matter left up to individuals. While they find them
attractive, most of the Chosen actually consider the
majority of Treasures to be more of a burden than a boon,
unless their magic is particularly powerful or useful. The
Tribe's wandering ways make it all too easy for Treasures
to be left behind when the eshu has to depart suddenly
one night, and who wants to hand a total stranger (or
worse still, a tracking enemy) something that valuable?

Treasures that Elegbara find most useful display
many of the characteristics of their owners: hardiness,
versatility and adaptability. These are just a few such
items:

urableSandals
(Level—2 J reasure)

Sometimes it's not grand things that make the most
difference. Th dal
Treasure. To a wandering race such as the Elegbara,
however, they are a much sought-after blessing. They
never wear out or require repair. They are comfortable
and keep the wearer's feet warm and dry regardless of the
climate, and they offer a small boost to the wearer's
energy while walking or running. All Athletics or related
rolls are made at a—1 difficulty, and the wearer may walk
or run for roughly twice the normal time before making
aStamina check. Additionally, any Hopscotch or Quick-
silver cantrips cast while the character is wearing them
receive an additional success (provided that at least one
success was gained normally). If combined with the
Merit Long winded, they do not allow any additional
time before Stamina must be rolled, but do offer the rest
of their benefits.

aneat but not

ir

Although still most often found in traditional sandal
form, variations have been seen in different regions and
at different times: boots, sneakers, slippers and even toe
rings. Most adapt to match the voile of their wearer after
a little while, until they blend in anonymously with the
rest of the wearer's appearance.

TrailDus
(Level-2 Treasure)

This handy T lway inasmall, weath-
ered-looking leather pouch adorned with an ancient
symbol meaning "trail." Inside is asmall quantity of what
appears to be ordinary dirt or sand, of whatever kind is
appropriate to the region the character is currently trav-
eling through. When activated with a point of Glamour,
however, and sprinkled 's bare feet, the
character immediately gains a detailed geographic and
directional knowledge of the surrounding area, roughly
the same as a native of twice the character's age would
know. Thus, if used in a city, the eshu would know the
names and numbers of all the surrounding buildings,
where th poli ion or Chi is
what streets take you where and what the best routes to
avoid traffic might be. If used in the countryside, the eshu
would know rocks and trees, not to mention any old
paths, overgrown trails, hidden pools and so on.

The dust heightens the Elegbara's natural direction
sense for a short time, allowing them to pinpoint specific
routes and locations rather than rely on the more vague
sense of direction they have normally. Note that all the
information gained must be essentially locational or
directional in nature. A character using trail dust may
learn all the house numbers on a street, for example, but
not who lives in them, and a search for restaurants would
turn up how to get to all of them within range but reveal
nothing about which one had the best cuisine.

Trail dust can only be used once per day, and its
effects last for up to 4 hours and span roughly a 5-mile
radius centered on the character. After seven uses, the
bag is emptied and the character must recharge it by
spending at least I hour gathering a fresh handful of dust
and speaking prayers to the orishas, then sleeping with it
under his pillow for one full week. Trail dust has no effect
in the Dreaming, though there are rumors that pouches
of silver dust exist that mimic this Treasure's effects away
from Earth. Only eshu and oba who have yet to claim a
territory can use this Treasure; for all other changelings,
including aithu, it is simply ordinary dust.

APPENDIX: TREASURES FROM THE TRAILS $7 pA

<2


less >Opa
(Level3to5 Treasure)

A traditional weapon of the Elegbara, an opa is
similar in most respects to a Western quarterstaff, al-
though many are quite intricately carved and adorned
with a number of luck charms and other souvenirs their
owners have picked up along the way. Most opa are
hardened by firing or with cantrips and are effectively as
durable as metal and can be used in melee combat against
edged weapons without fear of breaking. Elegbara value
them for both their elegant beauty and simple utility.
What's more, since a staff is seldom classified as a re-
stricted weapon by either Kithain or mortal authorities,
it affords them a measure of protection that can be legally
carried nearly anywhere in the world. Make no mistake,
however — a well-trained staff fighter is incredibly
dangerous, often more so than a swordsman, and oppo-
nents who underestimate their Elegbara foe seldom have
a chance to do it twice.

g

CL,

iE

ot
25)

Blessed opa are those weapons that are not only
beautifully crafted but also imbued with one or two
magical effects, the same as a regular Treasure weapon.
Most have honored names related to their powers — for
example, "Fire Serpent" and "Wind Dancer" —and have
been handed down in families or between mentors and
students for generations. No few have respectable leg-
ends of their own, aside from what is said about their
wielder!

Scherezade's
regs

nique

reasvure

Actually afl g
than a true Treasure, Scherezade's Circle tends
to come and go where it pleases. Sometimes it will stay
in one place for years or decades then disappear for a
dozen years, only to reappear halfway around the world as
if it had always been there. Indeed, wherever it goes it
changes to match the most comfortable setting of the
time and locale. In the past it has been a quaint country
inn, a serene vacation lodge, a hidden faerie circle, even
aposh corner apartment. The only constant factor is the
aura of pleasure and relaxation it radiates, which imme-
diately puts all visitors at ease. Any Elegbara who enter
immediately feel a great sense of history as well.
hold confers

ir 1 lq a
rather

Aside from the normal benefits a fi
fae residents, the Circle has a number of other powers as
well, which become obvious as soon as anyone begins

38 KITHBOOK: ESHYU
>

telling a story around the Balefire or sacred stone. Even
the most tongue-tied and shy folk become expert story-
tellers, receiving an automatic success on all Perfor-
mance or Persuasion rolls related to their tale, and eshu
become positively enrapturing to hear, gaining three
automatic successes on such rolls. All uses of the Tale-
Craft Art receive a free success as well. The Circle is a
powerful force for harmony and unity. Anyone who tells
a tale appropriate to her kith automatically refreshes her
Willpower rating, as the sense of tradition of the Circle
reaffirms her faith in her lineage. All Social rolls related
to friendship or empathy are made at —2 difficulty.
Finally, it becomes difficult to resort to any kind of
violence while within the circle, even harsh language; a
character who wishes to do so must succeed at a Will-
power roll, difficulty 8.

Those powers are the most obvious of the Circle's
talents. Others may exist, though most have been lost
over time. Old legends hold that the Circle is capable of
a number of greater powers: that a Treasure or prized
possession thrown in the fire will reveal a vision of
the owner's fate; that sluagh blood sprinkled
on the hearth will cause ghosts to appear in
the smoke; that it will open a trod to
anywhere in the Dreaming, if appeased
with a truly superb tale; and so on. The
exact powers of the Circle depend on

he Storyteller's di but should
always be in keeping with the
freehold's purpose as a place of
tradition, knowledge and peace.

Legends surrounding the origins
of this freehold assert that it is the

spirit of the original palace chamber
where Scherezade wove her thou-
sand and one tales to delight
the sultan. It is said
that it eventu-
ally took

on so
much Glamour from
her tales that upon her death,
it went searching for her. While

1

iti whether it ever found
her or one of her descendants, it has
become a legendary location to the

Elegbara. One who finds it is said to have a

great destiny ahead of him.


Va
>

i, 7
| ad
ees

J

Zaesi

"E a

fie! Ce 7 di
cr
sss

een OY
pe WAZ

ha

APPENDIX: TREASURES FROM THE TRAILS 89 YY

re
New Art
TaleCraft

Stories represent a living link to the duties Olorun
assigned to Eshu himself as messenger and linguist of the
orishas. Over time Elegbara developed the Art of Tale
Craft to represent this mastery of their sacred duties. As
a potent though subtle tool in the repertoire of many an
eshu wayfarer, Tale Craft helps even the odds against
hostile audiences or a gang of enemies set on taking
advantage of the kith's solitary ways.

HS

Usually only Elegbara may master all forms of this
Art. Occasionally they may share a rudimentary knowl-
edge of Tale Craft with satyrs, pooka, piskies, clurichaun
and rare individuals among the other commoner kith.
By ancient custom, it is forbidden to teach this Art to the
sidhe in retaliation for stealing the secrets of the Naming
Art when they fled to Ilesha during the Shattering.
Those Elegbara who are discovered to have done so are
severely punished by the rest of the Tribe, and the sidhe
in question often "disappear."

Ss
CANA

Some form of storytelling must be included in addi-
tion to or as part of all Bunks for this Art. It can be in a
variety of forms (poetry, song lyrics, etc.), but it must
always be present.

Attribute: Charisma

e Agemo's Blessing

Sometimes performers must change their material to
match the mood of the crowd. For the Elegbara who find
themselves facing hostile sidhe courts or savage redcap
cannibals, this pressure is even more tangible. This
cantrip allows wily Elegbara in the mood of the
audience before beginning their tale in order to choose
astory that fits the occasion. Additionally, it offers a way
-, £531 f | aa PO . 4 e%

or 7 oS

the crowd's displeasure. The Elegbara "sees" the deter-
mining mood of the crowd in the form of shifting shapes
and colors, which offer symbolic clues as to the tenor of
the audience. Dark colors indicate sadness or tragedy.
Red slashes portend anger. Bright colors and pleasing
shapes represent a desire for amusement or laughter.

System: The Realms most often applicable are Ac-
tor, Fae or Scene, though clever Elegbara may discover
how to use other Realms to determine the audience for
the cantrip. Most Elegbara disguise their Bunk for this
cantrip as a prologue, joke or other mood-setting device.

SF

Botches mean that the crowd reacts in the exact opposite

way the eshu expected, ruining the first impression.
CP | 1

1 success —A vag' visuals;no
subtlety, shapes or texture.

2 successes — A good guess; one color, with slight
shading differences and rough shapes.

3 successes — A solid notion; multicolor, with some
shading and defined shapes.

4 successes — A great grasp; a dance of colors and
shading, with multiple defined shapes.

j

5 successes — A g ything you need
is in this tapestry, if you can interpret it.

Type: Chimerical

e° Flickering Firelight
This cantrip snatches wisps of incidental chimera
born from the audience, allowing the Elegbara to create
ffects appropri Though
the fragile chimera generated by this cantrip may only
I | i value ofatale, aclever caster
can turn these creations to mischievous uses, such as
dropping a room into near darkness, making phantom
sounds echo out of nowhere or similar theatrical tricks.
System: The Realm determines the type of effect
being generated — Actor or Fae for the representations
of people or changelings (or elements of them, such as
voices), Prop for music or set pieces, Scene for lighting
and so on. Thus, truly elaborate productions often re-
quire multiple castings or perhaps several eshu acting in
concert but garner commensurately impressive results.

light i
i

c=]

Chimera created by Flickering Firelight possess only
the barest of substance. They have no resistance to
Banality, nor can they harm another in any way. Touch-
ing them causes them to dissipate, and they have no will
of their own. Suspicious onlookers may pierce the illu-
sion by gaining more successes than the caster on a
Perception + Kenning roll (difficulty of the caster's
successes +3). The effects last only as long as the story
being told.

1 success — A muffled sound or poor image; no
substantial lighting or sound changes are possible.

2 successes — Not bad from about 25 feet away; dim
or raise lights and music.

3 successes — Convincing pt for small details; a
good likeness.

4 successes — Exact reproductions, down to the
smallest details; spotlights and highly specific sound cues
are possible as well as shifts in sound or lighting.

90 KITHBOOK: ESHYU

5 successes — Absolutely amazing creations; most
special effects are possible.

Type: Chimerical (wyrd if caster has "called upon
the wyrd")

eee Murmur in the Crowd

After reading an audience and setting the stage,
Elegbara next learn to stir up their listeners' passions,
nudging them in the direction of the desired emotion or
response. Though most Elegbara consider it undignified
to augment their natural abilities without good cause,
performers faced with a tough crowd have no problem
doing so. The idea or emotion must be simple enough to
be expressed in one or two words and does not constitute
a direct order. In addition, the Elegbara has no real
control over how the crowd chooses to react. An audi-
ence of redcaps moved to "celebration," for example, will
have a response very different response from that of an
audience of boggans.

System: By appealing to the emotion or idea in
question in their story, the eshu sends a temporary but
powerful pulse of that particular passion through the
crowd. Success moves an audience one step closer to the
eshu's desired position. Multiple castings of this cantrip
on an audience have cumulative effects, but even one
failure immediately sets the audience back to where they
were originally. The phrase "a hail of sneakers and rotten
fruit" is the nicest way of expressing what happens to the
mood of the audience when a botch occurs. The effects
generally last only a few minutes after the performance.

1 success — Barest glimmer; the cantrip's effects last
until the end of the performance, maybe. The audience
feels aslight nudge in the desired direction but may easily
ignore it. Enemies are unmoved.

2 successes — Murmur of approval; exterior events
may still disrupt the effects before the end of the perfor-
mance. The audience feels a definite inclination in the
desired direction.

3 successes — Mass appeal; for the duration of the
performance, the audience feels the desired emotion.
Incidental enemies of the character are swayed.

4 successes — Tour de force; the passions stirred by
the cantrip last up to 10 minutes after the performance
ends, and only those who've had a lasting grudge against
the eshu don't feel the pull of the desired emotion.

5 successes — Lasting impression; even bitter en-
emies are moved. The passion gradually fades away over
the course of an hour after the performance.

Type: Chimerical


»

eeee Sticks and Stones

One of the survival secrets of the largely solitary
Elegbara in their time on the road lies in this highly
adaptable and effective cantrip. Used in conjunction
with a story, thi trip creat hi I shield from
the chimerical words and images formed from the story.
These images swirl in a protective circle around the
caster, deflecting attacks.

The Elegbara may perform other actions while main-
taining the shield, but she cannot move faster than a
brisk walk and suffers a two-dice penalty to all such efforts
due to the concentration required. She also cannot
interrupt it to say more than one or two words ("Run!"
and "Gethelp!" are popul breaking th

System: So long as the eshu continues weaving his
tale, the shield persists and is treated as normal soak dice,
effective against all forms of direct chimerical attack.
With an additional Glamour point, the shield may even
protect from such hazards as fire or gas, though it cannot
protect I | from total i i fe |

: drowning. The eshu may include others within the
shield, but each additional person beyond the first costs
an additional Glamour point and adds +1 to the cantrip
difficulty, and everyone protected must remain in physi-
cal contact with the caster or lose protection. The effect
ends when the caster finishes the story or consciously
drops the shield.

\ warieh .
)WItNout antrip.

1 success — One extra die for Soaking damage.

2 successes — Two dice for Soaking damage.

3 successes — Three dice for Soaking damage.

4 successes — Four dice for Soaking damage.

5 successes — Five dice for Soaking damage.

Type: Chimerical or wyrd, though if wyrd the shield
tends to fail quickly in front of banal observers.

eeeee Moment of Truth
At this level of power, the Elegbara can use the power
of words and names to create substantial illusions. Simi-
lar to the Legerdemain Art of Phantom Shadows, any
creations must be characters or other elements of the
story the eshu is telling. Most are dismissed at the end of
the tale or perhaps the evening's entertainment, though
they may still gain sentience in the same manner as
Phantom Shadows do and require the same Glamour
f keep them longer.

if the caster ei
Elisety +4 List, : 1
any actions taken

by their Beings of Truth (the name for entities created
with this cantrip), and most keep close track of their
creations until they are dismissed.

System: This cantrip is handled exactly the same as
Phantom Shadows, including all costs and Realms re-
quired; see Changeling: The Dreaming.

Type: Wyrd

te

¥
>
GL)
Y

TS

H
x
SA EX


|
| hes

RSSISSSISISIES |k NSSSESINRES

Name: Court: Seeming: if ‘

Player: Legacies: Kith: fe

Chronicle: House: Motley: (K

AccRibuces 2

Physical Social CDencal (

Strength @0000 Charisma @0000 Perception_______@®O0000 /@&

Dexterity @0000 Manipulation @0000 Intelligence__ SS ®@OOOO0 D

Stamina @0000 Appearance @0000 Wits @®0000 >

Nbdilici K

Y\OINTIES Yi

‘Talents Skills Knowledges ~

Alertness OOOOO Crafts OOOOO Computer___ SS OO0O000 (fg

Athletics 00000 Drive OOOOO Enigmas___ SS OO0O000 K

Brawl OOOOO Etiquette 00000 Gremayre___________00000 Y~#
Dodge OOOOO Firearms OOOOO Investigation____————S OOOO

Empathy. OOOOO Leadership OO000 Law. OOO0O (S

Intimidation. OOOOO Melee OOOOO Linguistics OOOO0O K

Kenning OOOOO Performance OOOO0O0 Lore OOO0O (~

Persuasion OOOOO Security. OQOOOO Medicine O00 K

Streetwise OOOOO Stealth SC OOOO ~Politics__ SSC OOOO N

Subterfuge OOO0O0O Survival OOOOO Science___ SC OOOOO Kk

Advantages ‘

Backgrounds Arts Realms (

00000 00000 oooce

OOO0O0O OOO0O0O0 OO0O00O K

00000 00000 00000 (

OOO00O O0000 OOO00O0 a

OOO0O0O OOO00O0 OOOO0O (

—— Ocher Iraits — Glamour Heath K

OO00000000 Real Chimerical fe

Bruised Oo Oo y

OOOOOOOOOO a 1 a g K

. Injured 1 QO a &

CUillpower Wounded -2 O O (K

OOOO0O0000O Mailed 2 QO Oo 6

OQOO0O0000000 Crippled 5 QO a (-

Incapacitated Oo Oo K

=Ravaging/QDusing Threshold = Banalizy —Birchrighcs/ Frailcies= h

O0O00000000 Spirit Pathways »

Tale Craft -

Cxperience: [ QOOOO0O0O000 Flaw: = (


- et wy,
B

mA Fellowship/ Household: Sociecies/ Bands:
vA Dascer/ LeigeLord: Sain Oay:
ma CDerics & Flaws
A MDeric Type Cose Flaw Type Bonus

y = .
JKPERICNCE

Total: Total Spenc:
Spenz On:

Gained From:

ons

Brawling Chare

neuver Roll/Difficulty | Damage Actions
Body Slam Dex+Brawl/7 i
Grapple Dex+ Brawl/6 Strength I
Kick Dex+Brawl/7 Strength+1 1
Punch Dex+Brawl/6 Strength 1

Difficulty] Damage |Conceal |} Range | Rate | Clip

n
Le]

o

is]


PESATISSSISSSISS Jerr hee
| A €xpanded Background K

DROIT CRS (60 (

ISSSTES

SI

i _ ik

SSS

ice

See
ISS

Possessions K

Gear (Carried) Chimerical lcems

Treasures Chimerical Companions f

(~
Freehold K

Location Description


VE XEXGH 6 CVE GWE 6 ye ay
PESSIESISSIIES krrhg@o

V, History ny

gD!

(RE

Prelude

b>

SF

aA

Coy

4

Ca

Date Ennobled: Secret Societies: (

Appearar ce Vee)
Chronological Age: Mortal: ( )
Apparent Ag

CK
ISS
Psi
re

Fae:

x Visuals f

r\ Oach Bonds Chart Character Sketch re


Ds eamer
Freedom

Born from the dreams of wander-
ers and storytellers, eshu follow their
own enigmatic traditions, keeping alive
the spirit of adventure and the desire for freedom.
Embodying the dreams of Africa, India and the Middle
East, they claim a lineage as royal as the noblest of the fae.
Yet they bear the onus of irresponsible roamers and tricksters.

The eshu come forth to tell the story of their proud and ancient
beginnings, the reasons behind their perpetual journeys and
the secrets that lie beneath their carefree surface. The
nomads of changeling society have found their
voice at last.

Kithboole: Eshu features

@ Aa insider's view of eshu history and society
@ New variations on the eshu oba and althu
New Treasures, Merits and Flaws
@ Tale Craft: A new Art
nite Wait

3 Bee as
WHITE WOLF

ee aac a ae

ad a, fag f 7 ;

Cee fo te

ARTRAUS

7 54
97815651104 7853 | | 3 Ba L The Dreaming iS 43

oe os
