# File: Kithbook Satyrs.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


H

B

By Angel COcCoy iS

<REDITS

Written by: Angel McCoy

Developed by: lan Lemke

Edited by: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Aileen Miles

Layout and Typesetting: Lawrence Snelly
Art: Leif Jones, Jeff Holt, Paul Phillips
Front Cover Art: Tony Diterlizzi

Back Cover Art: Leif Jones and Jeff Holt

Front and Back Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

©1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written per-
mission of the publisher is expressly forbidden,
except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank
character sheets, which may be reproduced for
personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Mas-
querade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the

f White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Kithbook: Satyrs and Werewolf the
Wild West are trademarks of White Wolf Publish-
ing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted +4 White
Wolf Lgl tes Hs

) i

oatact in these pages is not a salleiee to the:
trademark or copyright concerned.

735 PARK NORTH BLD.
b SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

This book uses the supernatural for settings,
Jihemes. All icaland 1]

elements are fiction and intended for entertainment
purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA

KITHBOOK: SATYRS

CONTENTS 3



(E g t

ret

To play a song of love and to dance beneath the moon, these are
our inheritance. We play from our h dour s del p
draw hidden passions from our audience. The tale of how we satyrs
acquired the Gift of Pan begins on a sunny day in ancient Greece.

Pan looked down from Mount Olympus. His witch-hazel
eyes gleamed and his tail twitched as he watcheda g
woman. She arose from the mercury waters of Thoas Lake and
stepped out onto the shore, glorious in her nakedness. Water
streamed like shimmering silver down her body, pooling at her
feet. The sun embraced her, danced in her seaweed hair and slid
across her olive-toned shoulders. She stretched up to meet its
light, her back arching with pleasure at the sun's all-encompass-
ing touch. Pan's fingers itched.

See

On the shore of Thoas Lake, a cool b pt down from
Mount Olympus. Syrinx shivered as she opened her eyes and
turned her gaze to the surrounding hills. The fluffy whiteness of
grazing sheep mirrored the clouds that dotted the sky, and in the
distance, at the edge of the forest, a doe snuffled its nose gently
into the underneck of its faun. A sense of peace engulfed Syrinx
as she gazed upon the green rolling hills and the calm surface of
the lake.

Cire L 1 1 1 j

g § me BS Pp VrUule the Waller
from her hair and ran her oak comb through the long locks with
easy strokes. She let the sun dry her as she lounged leisurely —
eyes again closed and face lifted to the heavens. A tiny mouse
peered out from under a leaf to see what Syrinx was doing, and
several bees came by to taste the sweet nectar of her sweat.

Syrinx paid no attention. She lay down and dozed, wrapped in
warmth.

A soft rustling in the trees awoke Syrinx and she looked
around. Her sheep still grazed happily. The trees swayed in the
breeze. She sighed heavily and arose to dress. As Syrinx slipped
her robe down over her body, an answering sigh sounded from
behind a nearby rosemary bush.

"Is someone there?" Syrinx ventured, peering toward the
bush. A crane called to its mate from the marshes and sheep
bleatedin hadi A fi leet j 1 lal, JC i}

startled, took an unintentional step backward.

into the

"Frog," she muttered. Hernervous chuckle released some of
her new tension. She shook her head and smiled to herself, and
then she bent to pick up her staff. With one last look out across
the lake, she turned toward her sheep.

"Don't go," a hurried whisp rcame from tl y bush.

Syrinx cried out, her fingers clutched tightly around the
staff, and she whirled to face the hidden voice. "Who's there?"
she demanded.

"Only a poor, lonely soul who has fallen in love with you,"
the voice replied softly. Its deep timbre carried seduction with
each syllable.

The wind changed direction suddenly. Warm and moist,
like mortal breath, it brought a scent so ripe with desire that it
frightened the girl.

"I am but a shepherdess," Syrinx murmured, her voice was
nearly lost to her. She stumbled backward from the bushes.

A FA&RIg TALE: SYRINX & PAN >

ra

2)

oy
CANA

H 2
Ba |
ap

a
mM


oA aaey jim | "‘BUTWIeM st saso] aUIM |y} pue apyreds
Hay} aso] Isnw sieys dy} suBdUT YI J] UdAS UMO AUT IO} NOA sARY
14 | ‘euporydy Ape jo ieyp spears Ainevaq asoya ‘aye seou_].

joxuts,, 9ysI | poradsrya ay ,"Pyryd-uns ‘xulhc,,

Lew

Y
[NOs sTY MOTTBMs 0] paulass pey zed
Joy Aeat ay puke dd10A Jay UT IOWA ay] paleqtetial ap ‘sdyy
Jay JO aAINd passhyuN ay} pue syaeyp Jay Jo ysnyq wea ay} ‘sade
Jay Jo sjood yzep ay peziyensta pue xurid¢ Jo 1ysnoyl ay ‘sreIs
jo Bas ay 3e dn paxoo] pur sseis ayj ul yoeq sty uo Ae] Ueg
eee
"BUOS SAO] AY] OJ" *saAooy Jo
punos aya 10} Suruaasy] ‘ITYstu Te ayxeare Ae] aYS ‘addns noy UM
paq 01 Jay juas pue Yop ay SULA] JO} JOY Jeaq Jaye} IY
‘qystu Wey "ouRsul Jey YUTYA pynom squared Jay yey? Ieay Woy
SPM JI Jfasiay por ays ‘Aes ou pynom Jaqysnep say ‘Ajqiuoy os
XULIAG poualysly pey IeYM payse ays UsyM Ing "ay 01 pepual
pue YIOF aured JeYIOW paldIOM Jap] "UONIEXe ay] WOY apis 18y
Ul pauing ary OY-aNYM Y ‘e]qe} oy] suTese paueay ays ‘syTesiq
daap supe], Jay puryaq Joop ay] paindes puke asnoy sJeyiej
Jay payoval ays [un dois 1,upip ays "Jaisej Uae UNI 0] XULIAS
pasin qnsind ul Jay premoy Surdoyyes saaocoy jo punos ayy
‘orued uappns e ut daays 1ay premoj pazjog pur psuin ays "sdiy
Jay UO AjssaTpUNOs psuO} ,ON,, PIOM ay] pue peasy Jey ayeys
0] UBBaq ays "URUI-JOS sy] Ie parers xuTIAG ‘pado-apl A
«DOA dAQ] O],, ‘par[des Aypeuy ay uayp ‘azayy
padeis pue YINOW Jay 07 JUaMIaAOUr ay] paMmo]]o} azes s.1AIes
ay "yorq dais rayioue yad Yoo) pue Apinb Aeme 71 peysniq

SUALVS DOOSHLD! 9

ays ‘sdi] ay Usaaiag TYsned pue adv] Jay ssosde M9Tq ITeY BUC]
Jay jo puens y ‘payoyo xuyidc ,j7ueM NOA OpIeY\-A\-A\,,
‘jeuosiad Ajdaap
F 1qWUI AQ] B YT] PUNOs ateU Jay spell 1] pres 94
ABM SU], 'SSSSSXUTIASssssG,, ‘pareadal Jes ay} ,‘XULIAG,,

Suo'

1

‘g]quied 0] uedaq Ua
squil] Ja} ‘pedusisedxa aiojaq JaAau pey sys JaUUeW e UT Jay
peqinasip Aqurpnoseur jnjiaMod sipy Ayes ay] Yo sada say ayeI
OU PIp ays ‘aw e Ie days [Jews suo ‘premyeq ATMO]S PSaoul
ays ulese ysnoy] ev Noy WA paydar js aya ,‘xutdc,,

‘punois
yos ayi oyut ApTYysijs YUNs Jooy sty pue pseMmioy dajs e yoo)
a} , aweu nod aw [Ja] ‘ezedutoo puodag s] Aneag nox "preye
aq 10U O(,, ‘pasted []Ms sea puey sty ‘paytus ueW-1eOs ay
"Jsay Jay JO aaqj aq 01 A[peul Teaq Ieay Jey pure sdi]

Agin@
UP S91G TSE FSH EGSIP PAPA py
yd qe pareys ays sv azoy xUIIAS
"sdA0oY UIPIsqo Ul SsuTYysruy pue Arey ‘peais Ney) ul
262 ¢ (
MaIb S33] BOL) ‘fF Jap sty] ‘usaq aaky Aypewou
Pphoa sda] UeUMY aray,A\ "URUNY JOU seM ay ‘paapuy "My ay]

poqred us
t t

t J
pue asie] sada 19y 7

JSOW]B — ssaUxITY] Si Ul SYT]-[euTUR "BUTIaAOD pros eB auTRDaq
rey ayi Istem sty aojaq asn{ *Ayjaq sry UMOp puke Isay> pRolq

1Y peaads s] spjou jo Jaded e pure siapjnoys
azeq uodn Jood 07 pray sty Woy pasinos suew qeaIs Y ‘smorgqada
Sly JO ssoulARay ay] YIeauaq Jay Jaqure YMA pazeyq sade
sandy ayy ‘ainasedap say dojs 0} pasrer puey auo0 YM ‘MaTA
oqut paddays sins yep Y ,7 Mou Asn[ aARa] 1,UOG je A\,,

Pr

=a

GY


Syrinxssss...." Soft, like a lullaby, Pan sang the words. His eyes
turned slowly toward her room's darkened window. From inside,
a sigh, sweet and forlorn, reached his ears. Pan smiled.

J. }

The next day, Syrinx took asusual. As the sun
rose over the horizon and spread its first pink across the sky, she
sat on the hillside and tried not to think of the goat-man. His
image returned again and again to trip across her mind, bringing
color to her cheeks. And she pushed him back into the recesses
each time with thoughts of her father, her mother, the chickens
in the yard, the newborn lamb, the color of the sky, a fresh blade
of grass. And each time, he slipped back in her thoughts.

Then suddenly he was there — appearing beside her as if he
had risen from the land itself. The goat-man towered over her,
blocking out the sunlight and casting a shadow of himself upon
her. Syrinx cried out, falling back to look up at him.

"Syrinx," he purred, "did you dream of me last night as you
lay in your bed?"

The girl didn't reply. Finally, the satyr crouched down and
looked her in the eyes. He said nothing but studied her with a
serious expression.

"No," Syrinx said at last. "I dreamt of my...

She lied

The goat-man's laugh rumbled up from deep within his
chest and bes eyes ceil ed ‘Decanse of it. "Your sheep," he

din mock defeat. "Well, while you
were honin of ~~ sheep, I was dreaming of you. Would you
like to hear about it?" He gave Syrinx a quick wink

Syrinx's eyes grew wider than before and she shook her
head vigorously. Her hair moved around her shoulders.

sheep."

Pan grinned as he seated himself on the ground to face her.
His breath was warm as he spoke. "It was a beautiful dream. We
were dancing beneath the stars together."

"No."

Pan picked up a fallen leaf and began to roll it between his
fingers. "Our hands touched and I felt your delicious warmth."

"Stop."
Pan looked up. "Are You not lonely out heres every day,
with your sheep? Do younot long for eset

give you roses?" Pan reached up and drew fortha perfect "red rose
from the air. He offered it to Syrinx.

She stared at the exquisite flower. "My father would kill you
if he knew you had spoken to me."

Tossing his head back, Pan laughed aloud until he had to
Told his belly. The rose dropped to the ground. "Kill me?" he

d hel 1 his breath. "Do you not know who

lam?"

Startled, the girl cringed at the satyr's exuberance. "I
know," she replied hesitantly. "You are the great goat god, Pan.
Seducer of women and killer of men."

A surprised, bemused look crossed Pan's face. He raised an
eyebrow, "Is that what you've heard?" He thought about that

before chuckling again. "Well, I suppose you're partially right.
lam of the fae, Sy rinx. Immortal as you Bes mi So, yaur father
cannot killme.) Ime."H |
his fingertip to the girl's ankle, tracing slowly down its curve.
"Though, I would most definitely tks to seduce you.
ickly pulled her foot up inside her robe, tucking it
under her. Sig said nothing and just stared at the goat-man.

The satyr rose easily to stand over Syrinx again. He gazed
down at her, his brow creased in thought. Pan finally murmured,
"You are worth the wait, sweet Syrinx. I will not force myself
upon you unwanted. First, I shall make you want me more than
life itself." With that, he turned and walked off, disappearing
over the hill.

Without moving, nearly without Geesithing Syrinx watched
him go. Whenitb that he was not returning, she
looked down at the eanmecaneais rose and picked it up gingerly.

. See

Pan visited Syrinx every day upon the emerald hills, in the
shadow of Mount Olympus. He pursued her gently, as he had
never done with any other woman. The tale of his patience
spread throughout the court and all the faeries soon knew of the
satyt's love. Apollo encouraged him with friendly words, but not
: ueen Hiei ofthis Clyepiacis still

forgiven Zeus
for fathoedtiag Dionysus, and her animosity toward Dionysus
extended to his kith.

On a rainy Autumn day, Queen Hera went to Syrinx's
father, Glaucus, in the guise of an old woman and told him of his
daughter's trysts with the goat-man. Of course, she made them
sound much less innocent than they were. Syrinx's father did
not believe the old woman at first.

"TI know my daughter's heart," Glaucus told her. "She would
not harm her family in such a way."

all th the fae pp
5 = ae | x

The disguised Hera worked harder to convince the man.
And, to prove her wrong, Glaucus agreed to travel out into the
hills in — of his daughter. As he tapped the last rise, he saw
Syrinx in th seate: tree, wi
Pan. As he heard Syrinx's gay laughter echo across the land,
joined a moment later by the deepness of Pan's, Glaucus fell to
his knees. The old woman had been right.

"What shall 1 do?" Syrinx's father later asked Hera. "Her
mother and I have already arranged her marriage to Aeacus."

Hiding her smile in a grimace, the old woman shook her
head. "This Aeacus will not want her once he learns that she is
no longer a maiden. Once Pan has tired of her, she will be cast
aside, back onto your hearth, with no husband to care for her.
Everyone will know what wrong Syrinx has done."

Glaucus lamented, "All is lost. My good name is soiled." He
then weeped.

"There, there," the old woman soothed, "perhaps you will
find a way to save yourself, though it is too late to save Syrinx."
Just then, she batted away a butterfly that had flown too close.
Its wings broke and the butterfly fell to the ground. Queen Hera
crushed it under her foot.

A FA8RIS TALE: SYRINX & PAN 7


SIE
SIGS S ee? ~
SYALVS OOSHLDI 3

A

«i]OOJ ROA, ‘Peay
$,uew 842 UIP H JO 910A paserue dy] .jON jON,,

"paueaios
ays ‘peey s,xuldg 0] 1xX8U IYSL ssaIVW ay} O3UT Ise} pue
prey papuadsap aytuy ay] ‘asreyd ay jo [eluap s,Jeqysnep siq
zeay 2 UpIp ey pue snone[H Yysnoryi pagins ase Jo ysey WV

«iMou 71 0q,,

‘padses Jarysnep sry se ured ul pasulio ap] ,,jUepreul e

JasUO] OU are NO{,, ‘paiamsue ay ,jasnoy NO uo suleys IYysN01q
aaey NOX,, P]YS sty woy Aeme sada sty pau} snoney
«iMOu I 0q,,

"aU

ay] UO paydo] sear azed Joy ‘saoul 1,UpIp ays ,jieyzey ‘AYA\,,
"Sd10A Jay OFT JdaId JoWAN v se payyearq xuTIAS ,/AYA\,,

"APUETOIA pays ado sTY JO JaUIOD ay] "Aes 0} YUTY] pynos ay

]ye sem ,F[Ne} NOA $3], "UTese JaTYysnep sty Je UMOp Uday} ‘ape]q
Sururys sit SUIpjoY ‘puey pastes sty ye dn paxoo] snone[H
«@leyey ‘suiop nod are wey,
*petepio 90IOA Telrurey 343 «iMou od jMou au oq;
"Aqidaays pazayanw xuridg ,j19y4Ie,,

‘sada Joy Sutuado AyUappns Jaqysnep sty jo TWpsis
aun Aq pure a210a ay Aq pastidins Ayqnop ‘payuryg snone[
sayome xULAS

«i MOU 11 0q,, ‘svysnoy? snoneyD out

urese pure ulese paradsiym aot ysiey B

Wool,
"amp
4nok"* -ynvf nok sisty J ‘aya ay p dias Ayeys sty pauarysn
ay pue yaayo sty UMOP URI Ika} 3B} 9UQ {IVY of puv'-puvy
Kut aos0f NOX 211 op nok pip Kym AYsnoyp ay ‘xuuks ‘YO
‘ajquien 0] uesaq
puey SI} "pyryp & sem ays UaYy pey ays se QuadouUrl Ay[NyNeaq

os payxoo] Jarysnep sip "ua paddoys snoneys)

Ee 8

"Jay paaoul sumearp Jay se ApYsys pawns xurg
} ‘Joy 2B UMOP SUTAOO] ayTyM JaTysnep sur
-daajs sty 18A0 ayTUy ayy pastes apy" * +280) Cpa. * aso] Kpvayp
St aYS "4aylo.g Ley puv sayjow say 4of sry op J" **"380] Kpvasqn st ays
"say Lof a3y] 002 S11] "TYSNOYA snoneyH "7YS2t s1 upWOM pjo ay |
"xUJIAS WO
quswaaow Aue Jo} Ay]njared payszem pue AjMoys payoeoidde
2} JOO] euojs ay Uodn punos ysazysI]s ay} ATUO apeur yaay a1eq
SI ‘A]pjoo pazuyys pue yyslpuoou ay] FYysned puey sty ul apuy
aul ‘peg ssezysnep siy 0} dasa snoneyH presy JayiaN
‘Ajlapual Wey} ppay pue Heay sty
Ul WoT} WYsNed apy ‘payeme UY adyM 0} MOPUTM ay] YsnoIyy
INO payp pue asoi swap Je} ‘Ajuad jdays xuAg "uMep
arojaq smnoy Ayres ay) Ul pue] ay? uodn Aey yainb-7ysIN

i)
"
sey ays yey MOU 12A9 peeu 9uo OU UsY J ,, ‘PappOu e1op{

uop

Yn

«TT
"IoLOY ul UeWIOM Mdaidap ayj ye dn paxoo] JayIWI s.XUTIAS
«4 TT,

‘peueoul snone]D ,,{MOH,,


§ NV4 8 XNIUAS STVLSRBVIV

"Cautaya fo isa. ay) sof ung fo apis ayn ym — suCns ay] — uasppryo
Sly passayg paonpord Sunol ways wy) I1spW ay) puv aro] uay) pau
-wnsuo? xUUKS puD UD ‘av svoy] fo sasoys ay] uO ‘a1ay T
"Ayund ad1a1j S31
Ul BULILIIXOIU! SAO] $UBY JO a}sB] B Way] aavs HI ‘paapuy ‘ayxI]e
ueuiny pue ae} ‘sieay s,auodraaa ye parind surny jueistp ay],
‘Aya ssand Ayuo pynoo Aayi ysnoyl ‘sues pue paouep ‘payaaer
sndui4]Q tunoyy UO ae} ay | "99991 jo ajdoad ayy suowre uolssed
pue dao] suluidsur 91 prkay OYA T]e JO sieay ay? pagyl] I] pur]
ay] ssooe pales punos ay pue pua uo skep 10} padeyd ayy 18y
JO} JOpre sty YAM penquil sem paonpoad ay dsnu ay pue xu
sty 01 DAO] apeUul URY "WITY p Jay ‘sry asurese
ipaq pue sdij say jo ssasd ayos = ]229} pynoo apy *xurdg sem
"BUO] OS palleEM pey ay YSIyM
10} $819 aya oor cag coany aye fo ans a10u sdiy sty BuIssalg

"wry passers
IOUS Jap] "UTeBe Ma]q PUL sada s1Y Paso]d aL{ ‘910A JOY prway
ay ‘SUTIN Yos ay? Ul ‘pue yUatUN.AsUT 9yp Jo doy ay] sso1dB adUO
Ma]q aH "YP2yo sty UMop Iva] B Sulpuas pur uty surypy Arowsur
Joy Yaswiry oO} paseynu ay ,‘xuAG,, "I parpnas pue spuey
sly Ul 19A0 I] pauiny ay ‘auop sem adid suey uaya Ise] TW
‘suruayeMea Jo Buos ev Fuss pue JuaMasenooua Nay
Surdaryp ‘saan jo sdoy ay] Woy Ueg payo3eM sMmorreds Jo YoU
Y ‘Jueumnsul ue ayeur o} nd daays jo ssuras yim Jayiaso1
way? punog Uat? pure ‘Tayo ay UY} Jaqoys ApIYsrys ai yoea
‘azIs 0] A[sNOTMONaw Way pawuniy ue 399} s1Y
]]9} spar ay_L "Ayssajured pure Ayisea way ysnosyp paoys ayqAos
SIE] "UMoOp tay? Nd ay "AT[Nj UMOIS pey spaar ay] UY ‘duTIdg
ay) uy ‘aouaned yeqoww yy paiea pue payozem ueg
‘goUassa Jay WO}
ysuas May Masp pue ‘sauog Jay apse surysnd ‘1ay ysnoryl
dn mais spaai ay], "Ysalj Jay JO ssaujaams dy] aise] 0} JUTE
SWIOM dU} pur sMOID aY_L ‘pnw ay] OUT Yuns squary ayed Jay pue
squejd ayi Suowe no peaids ey paamevas Jay] ‘spde1 oy] sprue
al] 02 aroys aya uo dn paysem Ayyenquaaa Apog s,xXUAS

"ppnoar ays may ay se ‘WTY O1 WANJaI 0} ‘9AO] aN sTY ‘XULIAG IO}
pee pue pay ay ‘sunp qa f {BU INOS J3Y
0} yDeq Pesso} pure pades —aouer gas A shee jo suns dy} Aaj pey
eiopyy yey Japuey "adaaIH ssorse ‘SuKsUT apuBAL
oO fjaswry pasins pey snone[s JY] Wopwos ou wTY aAvs ay ‘shep
JO} ayxVT svoy] jo a1oys ay Aq paiea pue payoiem ueg

@Oe

«ixundg jxuldc,, Aypereadar aureu Jay payjad
pue aspa s1ayeM dy} 0} J9Y paMmoT]O} 9H ‘paTfad ueg ,.jON,,
"razeM ay OTT IYsIeIs
payem ays ‘UsyL ‘pausisar pue snosqauay sada Jay ‘aw ISP|
auo uk IB YOO] OF pausny ays "Ay yos pazeys xuLIAs ,‘ON,,
‘sday sxuTIAG Jsulese AjUas peysnig
Ady} pure aye] seoy_L, Ul spaaz ayy Ysnoy? paaow I "moos
war Aavay ysis B ‘pplom ay} ssomde payyearg pula oy],
2UL 07 BUOTAG NOA 9OUO ssa] OU NOA aAoy []IM | ‘syJUOW AUeUI
Jo} nod pansand aavy | {aAo] Au ‘NOA Jo pata MOIS 1aAa | pjnod
MO}, "IYSI] Si SuLNSsgo UOOU ay] sso1de paAaoul pnojs VY
,« Ysnoua Uoos aul Jo ain
[IM NOX "pos v are no, ‘ysis AAvay B YA pres XUTIAG ,, ‘ON,

, Wed TeWOU JO UR OU se NOA dAO] T]IM J NOA IO} a1ed TIM T,,
‘pasodord ay {aw YIM ast] aUIOD,, "Fay YON 0} JOU parep ay
ysnoy; ‘puey sty Ino payoeal pue premio} dais v yoo ueg

(JUS SI AL 'ON,, ‘S8uL Suruapla
-IJA9_ BY] UO Pasndo} XULIAG "JoIeM ay} JO advJANs YoR]G ey]
uodn sjajouo surjddis sunward ‘uay asnf dn paduinf ysy y
‘SSRI YI Yooys suJoq som sry pue ApYysI payoueyo
SISl} SIE] ‘pareis oy ,"WIY ][P] []! ],, Ajdaap poumoyy ueg
‘syaayo Joy UMOp ATMO]S UPI VY] Siva] ay UO palo
-UWT]S TYSITUOOU 9YI YSNoy] ‘UONOWA JO PlOAap SEM Bd10A JO]

. Apres Aw poweys aaey | ‘au tl 02 pala sey ayes AY, ‘preay
aq 02 sadsty a Jay pamoyye | ‘suyuaisi] ‘paiainb
pey sepeois pure ssoy ayy tise "qoA ‘dot jou pip xuiig

«{pauaddey sey iy A\,, "124
puryag dais e sew ay JUN preMIO} painquaa ay ,,‘2Ao] A,

"wITY paqinasip ssauypis Jap] :Aqpnyares
xULIAS payseoidde ueg ia suo] Jay Yysnoryy paddy pun
ay' SIoJeM Oe |G, 18
ays ‘ayxVT seoy] jo aroys am uo roy, qu mM dn aygne0 on

"xuiid
Jaye doyyes 0) peum) pue yieei sty peas 14}es ay] "smopeys
aya olul seaddesip pue Aemioop ayi ysnorya dijs inowe[D
Jelly JO []Ipuai & Aes puK asnoy ay} peo] pacueys uvg
"WOO s,xULIAG WO Ulese pamnoys snonejH ,,{ULUIOM P]O,,

spool oyi

ay

[ESL Be | pey xuissg ‘fp
sti ayy Ag *ad10} sii JapuN payquinys sp] "Ao7q prey vB aI] weg
my puryag yey] ays ey" uted pue MoLOs jo ayeM ay] ‘Jey puryaq

sey Jay YA ‘s][PY ay pres pay
pue asnoy ay Woy paiowa ays ‘aueu Jay payoaasos ay sy
«iuuidg,, ‘ATpyIA Supeag wesy
‘ppl sada ‘asodai sty jal adges ay] "TYystu aya ysnomyy
peddiz pey wreards 10y "r91@] SWOT VY "WIY WOIJ parasas
sulaq sulearp §,XUTIAG 19} pey Ue ‘9dUa]O]A UAppNs YUA\

See
«j2W payoumag aaey
NO jULWOM PIO,, "JOO]} 243 02 padumjs ay pure Ino aaes saaux

SIH] ‘spuey sty YIM 20] sTy BULIaAOD INO paTad ay ,,jUBWIOAL
PIO, "‘Ajeyerpeuun paaspsiw eau siy paieiser snoneyy

A



ee ee, ee ee a a ee

ie

a Ed

Pan, whose name is usually derived from paein, "to pasture," stands for the "devil"
or "upright man" of the Arcadian fertility cult, which closely resembled the witch cult of
northwestern Europe. This man, dressed in a goat-skin, was the chosen lover of the
Maenads during their drunken orgies on the high mountains, and sooner or later paid for

his privilege with death.
— Robert Graves,

Living on the edge of tomorrow, most satyrs care little for
stories of how the world used to be. They prefer to seek out their
own adventures rather than hear what wondrous things others
did "once upon a time." Nevertheless, satyrs cannot deny that
they are as much a product of their own history as any other
changeling kith. Born of the myths and legends of ancient
Greece, they I que | hat colors their outlook on
the world. The same civilization that brought us the glory of the
Olympic games, the magic of the mythic gods, and the sexual
freedom of Lesbos and Athens, also created satyrs.

FORSPLAY
ANKISNT HISTORY

Long, long ago, faeries and humans walked side by side —
their realms co-existing in perfect balance. Mortals knew be-
yond a shadow of a doubt that magic was a natural part of their
world. They accepted faeries, monsters, and mythical creatures
as readily as they did trees, earth and sky. Arcadia's political
systems had yet to develop into a feudal structure; the fae lived
amuch more primal existence. During this time, the Tuatha de

"The Greek Myths: 1"

a & 4 7 1,

Danann ruled as the great mortal
chieftains of the British Isles oversaw their peoples. Strength
and wisdom were revered.

Nothing restricted travel between Arcadia and Earth. The
Mists had not yet developed, since mortals still believed in the
fantastic. Faeries visited the mortal realm and some even chose
to reside there. Mortals brought into Arcadia by their lovers or
enemies lived there for a year and a day. Wars, as well as
commerce, occurred regularly: fae with mortal, fae with fae, and
mortal with mortal. There was nothing unusual about this; it
was just the way of the world.

In those distant days, Simon Frost prepared to take the
Arcadian throne for the Unseelie Winter. An Unseelie sidhe
named Zeus, who was filled with jealousy, proclaimed that the
throne should be his instead. With devious skill, he tricked
Simon into murdering a Seelie sidhe. The ensuing upheaval
nearly cost Simon his life. However, Zeus' plans didn't quite
unfold as he had hoped: His plot was discovered and, as his
punishment, the Tuatha de Danann banished h ]
world forever, along with all those loyal to him. Simon Frost
took the throne as destined and Zeus was forbidden to ever
return to Arcadia.

CHAPTER ONE: BITTERSWEET YESTERDAYS in ye
@

&

is


Zeus didn't mourn for long, for the loss was not as painful
then as it would be in modern times. Earth held just as many
opportunities as Arcadia, and Zeus began to build his own
kingdom immediately in the lands of Hellas. Zeus constructed
z coatle of sunshine on Mount Olympus and made no attempt to

from mortal eyes, though few humans could
clitabs thezounmain's steep cliffs.
7 1,

Intime d his own Unseelie Court around him
and took a queen, Hera, from among his fellow sidhe. He spied
! on mortals by disguising himself in various forms, sometimes
1, revealing his true nature only when
it suited his purpose. Mortals spread word of his magic and
power. Before long, Zeus had built a reputation for himself and
| his court. The people of Hellas bowed to him and called him
King of the Gods. Out of spite, Zeus named the heart of his new
kingdom "Arcadia" so that he could say without lying that he
tuled over all of Arcadia and more, as had been his dream.

human

LOVE GREEK-STYLE
The people of ancient Greece valued freedom and
love. They worked hard, but they also played hard. In

he early days of the Greek polis of the upper
x 1 1 The. & ]. A a |

a yey
iy ern |

the fields, harvested grapes and olives from the rolling
hillsides, and they traveled the sea on ships carrying
O22. exports to exotic locations. The temperate climate
4 made light clothing more appropriate, and only the
most civilized wore shoes.

ia Few taboos marred the Greek view of sex and love.
They were, historically, the people to look upon homo-
sexuality with no prejudice whatsoever. The Greeks
didn't know they had embraced a revolutionary con-
cept, they just accepted it completely because, in their
philosophy, nature made no distinction between ho-
mosexual and heterosexual love. They believed that a
person could find equal pleasure in the arms of either a
| man or a woman.

Wd) With regard to sex, the Greeks' collective open
mind permitted them to advance more quickly than
any previous civilization. They accepted a different
lifestyle more readily than they rejected one. Their
mythology expressed their auillineness to discuss all
; aspects of love, 2 penly. In nthe ‘Seee
M7, é myths i

£4:

f feruming, Eveni incest appears, code it was Sore
d punished ultimately through the
workings of the Fates.

AROUSAL
THE LYRK AGE

Sometime between 1000 and 500 B.C.E., in the land
known as Hellas or Greece, superstitious mortals began to
spread legends about a race of gods that lived on Mount
Olympus. Over a millennium of dreams and beliefs, tales told
again and again, Braught. ese gods tc to fe anid last them
strength. Zeus, with}
all of Greece; Hera
and legendary beauty hed

,

1,

f the sale with herall-s seeing eye
Hermes

who moved with the speed of light, served as messenger to the
gods; Apollo could play the lyre better than any other in the
land; Ares, the god of war, conquered vast armies in Zeus' name;
and Aphrodite's beauty was well-known throughout Hellas. All
these and other sidhe made up Zeus' Unseelie Court, whose
ruthless politics became renowned. Squabbles and plotting
among these erie raged constantly.

Toth ple shepherds and farmers of Greece, the faeries
were gods, and ae fae found no reason to correct them. Rather,
they reveled in the power they had over the mortals of that time;
they lived on the dreams formed in temples dedicated to them
and savored the ability to wreak havoc fueled by the strength of
mortal belief.

The exiled fae were unable to return to the faerie realm, so
they amused themselves with the lives and hearts of the mortals
over whom they ruled. They played tug-of-war with whole
armies and tried to outdo each other with treacherous ravaging.
Many unwilling mortals became the victims of their cruel

[FROM GREEK SATUROS)

The term "satyr" came to be used eventually.as the
name of the kith born half-fae and half-goat. Unlike
pooka, satyrs never learned the art of shapeshifting,
but they seemed caught somewhere in-between one
form and another. Several related faerie kith fall into
this category, including satyrs themselves (half-goat),

jnotmure (Bale bull (halé-horse) hern
(half-stag). Only the goat-fae remain relatively com-
mon today. Minotaurs, centaurs, and hern have all
virtually disappeared. Unsubstantiated reports of
sightings keep the hope ete that ae vet exist,
hidden away; though, many that
these mythical beings left the mortal world long ago
and may be found only in Arcadia when the gates re-
open...if the gates re-open.

12 KITHBOOK: SATYRS


DIONYSUS

Among the Unseelie sidhe who lived with Zeus on Mount
Olympus, Dionysus expressed an irreverence born of a love for
chaos and freedom. From the moment he arrived in the mortal
realm, he created havoc in the Olympian court. Dionysus spoke
his mind and did as he pleased, no matter whom it angered. And
with utter impudence, he refused to adhere to court etiquette.
The other faeries laughed with him until his sharp tongue
turned on them. Even Zeus seemed to like Dionysus, seeking out
the other sidhe's company when he wanted to throw aside
courtly dwallow indecad Dionysus was the bad
boy of the Olympians. Some appreciated his wit and naughti-
ness; others did not.

Almost immediately, Dionysus earned Hera's enmity. He
madenosecret of the fact that he cared little for her either. Most
of his political maneuverings involved finding ways to under-
mine her schemes and authority. The two exchanged harsh
insults on a regular basis and, when they were in the same room,
the tension hung thickly in the air. Hera beg plot Dionysu
death.

'

She tried and failed. Everyone suspected Hera was behind
this attempt on Dionysus' life, but no one could prove it. Her
position and cunning protected her. Zeus, unable to either
punish his oathmate or protect his friend, decided it was best if
Dionysus left Olympus for a while.

Hermes, who had grown quite fond of Dionysus, accompa-
nied him to the mortal court of King Athamas of Orchomenus,
where Dionysus hid in the women's quarters by disguising
himself as a girl. He lived there for some time and learned the
secrets of mortal women. However, Hera discovered the rus

. i. :

eventually. She potted D

ping naked with
aservant girl in th d fi The sidhe fled again.
This time, Zeus instructed Hermes to deliver Dionysus into the
care of the Hyades nymphs (Macris, Nysa, Erato, Bromie, an
Bacche).

Dionysus lived with the Hyades nymphs for many years on
Mount Nysa in Hellan Arcadia, where they tended to him ina §
cave, pampered him and fed him honey. While on Mount Nysa,
Dionysus invented wine, one of his most acclaimed achieve-
ments. His resentment toward both Zeus and Hera grew as the
years passed. He attempted repeatedly to contact Zeus, but King
of the Gods dodged the missi d tried to blame his distance
on Hera's lingering anger. Dionysus saw through the shallow |
excuses and realized that Zeus was embarrassed by him. He
began to understand the true reason for why he had been sen
away: It was not for his own protection, but to ease the tensions
in Zeus' court.

Dionysus, feeling used and betrayed, gave himself over to |
self-gratification. He adopted a devil-may-care attitude and |
immersed himself in physical pleasure. Everywhere he went, he
hosted gatherings steeped in wine that ended in rousing orgies. §
Tales of these celebrations spread throughout the land. Often,
in direct parody of Zeus, Dionysus visited his lovers or danced in 8
the moonlight wearing goat pelts. This reference to Zeus' |
tendency to visit his lovers disguised as an animal to avoid ©


AN Hera's wrath did not go unnoticed by the faeries of Olympus;
(4 they whispered of it behind Zeus' and Hera's backs, snickering

) and pointing.

a Many mortals joined Dionysus in his prolonged revelry.
AN They traveled with him, caught in the perpetual dance. Music
4 and sex, laughter and wine fil y ehts. For years,
\ they did nothing more than revel in the countryside around
a Mount Nysa. Dionysus and his followers drew women from
Nes surrounding farms into their orgiastic celebrations with beauti-
& ful music and promises of divine ecstasy. Many of these mortal

lade } Ain?

their

women, called maenads, left their families to join Dionysus and

Ma his growing vine cult. His popularity grew quickly among the
££, apes ae | 1

> area's tural people.S fe g p
or) in exchange for the knowledge of how to make wine. Of course,
5) not many of the young maenads complained about their new
lifestyle. They served Dionysus of their own free will; when they
chose to leave, no one stopped them.

<LIMAX
PAN, THE FIRST SATYR

Men and women danced around the bonfire, naked, arms
raised to the stars. Eventually, they wandered off with lovers
into the darkness or joined the writhing pile of bodies in the red-
orange light of the fire. Dionysus reigned supreme over it all in
his goat-skin cape. He wore the preserved skull of a male goat on
his head, its horns sharply silhouetted against the flickering
flames.

ZG
aad.

Vid —

Dionysus wore the animal skin as a tongue-in-cheek emu-
lation of Zeus. He had littl for the self-proclaimed King
of the Gods. This small bit of irreverence had become a not-so-
private joke among Dionysus' followers. It gave him a certain
personal satisfaction to snub his nose at both Zeus and Hera.

Everything Dionysus did, he did big. He threw himself
wholeheartedly into his end
not. Eccentric to a fault, he pursued his desires with little care
for what others thought of him. Asa leader, Dionysus was larger
than life. His talent for exaggeration and showmanship earned
him many followers, and he had a charisma that was hard to
resist. Thus, Dionysus built his legend.

s, succeeding more often than

Parents, simple and superstitious, whispered in the somber
hours of night about the horny god with goat's legs that might
come for their daughters. They told their neig f Dionysus'
vine cult and embellished the tale as they spread it across
bonfires and mugs of honey mead. Young women and men
fantasized about a steamy visit from the goat-god. Before long,
many people had heard of Dionysus and their beliefs solidified.
The dreams of the simple folk began to dance to a debauched
tune. There were images of great feasts, satisfying drink, and
flushed nakedness. Erotic music encouraged a dream-dance
with the goat-legged men and women that beckoned the farmers
and their wives from their normal dreams of the harvest.

(KK

In this way, the legends of the goat-god and his vine cult
affected the Dreaming and produced a new kith. The first satyr
was born in Arcadia, and he called himself Pan.

14 KITHBOOK: SATYRS$

facts 1997


SARTHLY PLEASURES

Pan, the first satyr to appear in Arcadia, eventually made
his way to Earth to seek more primal pleamates. Others followed
his lead. Pan soon heard th Di d his vine
cult. Out of curiosity, he and several of his fellow satyrs joined
Dionysus, who was ecstatic to find others in philosophical
agreement with him. Thus, Dionysus welcomed: the satyrs to his
side. Although Pan the
sidhe for a while, the two became partners of a sort and, in time,
shared the Oath of Clasped Hands.

Dionysus later developed a certain wanderlust and left
Hellan Arcadia, accompanied by a group of maenads and satyrs.
He traveled across Hellas in search of new experiences. Every-
where he went, Dionysus left his mark. He helped those he
encountered on the way to fight their enemies, and he taught
anyone who wanted to learn how to make wine, mead and beer.
Dionysus took his philosophy of intoxication and freedom
across the peninsula, spreading his seed, gaining followers and
building his legend as he went. Celebrations involving large
quantities of wine and great orgies became increasingly popular
as his vine cult stretched as far as North Africa, Europe and Asia.
The wine orgies of Asia Minor and Palestine (the Canaanite
Feast of Tabernacles was originally a Dionysian orgy) strongly
resembled the beer orgies of Thrace and Phrygia, all of which
Dionysus inspired. He became the acknowledged hero of all
satyrs and the closest thing to a leader they ever had.

When Dionysus finally returned to Mount Olympus, the
faeries of Zeus' court honored his accomplishments and wel-
comed the satyrs into their midst. Having seen the strength and
number of Dionysus' followers, they dared do nothing else.
Dionysus had left Olympus in shame but returned a hero and a
valued courtier among the Unseelie "gods."

LUNS&L1§ PAN

The faeries of Arcadia ridiculed and abused Pan and the
other satyrs when they first appeared there. They didn't like the
base nature of these odd faeries and did not accept that these
creatures were anything more than animals. Pan's Unseelie
Legacy did little to help his cause. His laziness and less than
sophisticated manners helped build Pan a reputation.

Pan loved nothing more than to eat, drink and screw. He
lounged about in the verdant forests of Arcadia and seduced
other faeries with his animal magnetism. The sidhe found
themselves simultaneously attracted and repulsed by him. One
woman sidhe in particular, Echo, returned time and again to
Pan's side, though she had proclaimed loudly in court that she
hated him and would rather tear her heart out from her own
chest than feel his touch. Of course, everyone discovered the
truth when Pan left Arcadia for the mortal realm and Echo
consequently mourned for years. She later followed him there,
though she never found him. Instead, Echo fell deeply in love
with a handsome mortal named Narcissus, but that came to a
tragic end.

Pan's bitterness at the faeries' rejection of him haunted him
throughout his days. He developed a careless attitude that

seeded future satyr philosophy. Caring little for honor, which he
felt meant nothing to the hypocritical fae who had turned
against him, Pan adopted a posture of self-gratification and
unhindered pursuit of his passions. He romped through the
forests and across the hills of Greece, eating when he was
hungry, sleeping when he was tired, and taking a woman when
he felt the urge. Why not? After all, he had no place in faerie
society nor place in mortal society. Mortals and fae alike called
im a monster and, perhaps, they were right.

Unbeknownst to many, however, Pan had a quick mind
and many talents, one of which was the ability to divine the
future. He loved witty conversation nearly as much as he loved
sweaty sex, but few ever took the time to talk to him. When Pan
got lonely, he taunted the herdsmen and farmers just for the
mockery that they yelled at him. He often developed a senti-
mental attachment to the more quick-witted among these
mortals and returned regularly to share clever insults and sharp
repartee _= them.

din Greece, he founda fri

When din Dionysus.
The sidhe had been abused, but not nearly as painfully as Pan
had. Dionysus still had some hope that he would return to
Olympus someday. Pan laughed at his friend's idealism, but he
remained at his side just to see what happened. Dionysus taught
Pan that their passions had a place in the world. As the maenads
and other mortals flocked to join the vine cults to spread the
philosophy of passion throughout the world, Pan had to finally
admit Dionysus' victory. However, only when the faeries of
Olympus accepted Dionysus and the satyrs into their court did
Pan truly understand what his friend had accomplished.

AFTERGLOW
THE BEGINNING OF THE SND

Time passed and Alexander the Great conquered Greece
anil che lands to the east. Grecian philosophers and scientists
d found answers that had nothing to do with
magie ¢ or wonder. Zeus and his court of gods held less and less
sway with the people. The Mists swalloweal the golden castle at
the summit of Mount away from the eyes
of mortals. Only those of faerie blood could find it. By the year
330 B.CE., belief in the old gods had been superseded by a
growing interest in philosophy and science. The people no
longer needed ‘ "gods" to explain nature's mysteries. Dionysus
and th Joned Zeus and Mount Olympus eventually
and igraced north into the land of the druids.

THE <£LTIX CONVERSION

It didn't take Dionysus and the satyrs long to establish
themselves among the tribal peoples of Western Europe: Ger-
many, France and the British Isles. Stories of them chasing
young women through the forests and participating in Beltaine
festivals eer rapidly. Legends of the horned god were abun-
d feel at home. The land was still unpaved
and the people still had no fear of the urges that drove them.

dant

CHAPTER ONE: BITTERSWEET YESTERDAYS 15


i
MA

a

Raiders from the north bombarded the British Isles con-
tinually. The satyrs had learned to fight beside Dionysus during
his travels, but they had never before experienced the brutality
displayed by these northern tribes. The satyrs' love of physical
competition, which was fostered among the Greeks, turned into
a frenzied bloodlust when faced with opponents who took no
prisoners and pulled no punches. Side by side with the people of
Britain, fougl p I
of their heroism and fervor in battle reached Arcadia, where
they then reacquired the respect of the nobility and earned the
boon of a return to the land of the fae.

: 1 land
new homeiand. Tales

y

Some satyrs chose to travel to Arcadia. Others, however,
remembered the ridicule they had d, the stuffi the
nobility that had originally exiled them to Earth, and the long
boring hours of pompous discourse in court. Most chose to stay
in the mortal realm.

A . q

p d the Greek pantheon slipped slowly
into memory, satyrs fed the dreams of the Celts. They perse-
vered. Even Dionysus remained, though he changed and forgot
his origins. Some deemed him Hern the Horned God. Early
Christians came to call him Satan in their attempt to stamp out
any remnant of the pagan religion. Eventually, Dionysus slipped
away into the Mists and became a legend, even among his satyrs.

APOLLO

One of the few Olympian fae who did not suffer exile from
Arcadia, Apollo had chosen to join Zeus and Hera's court
several d fter it tablished. An ad at heart,
Apollo took great pleasure in exploring the mortal realm and
tinkering with the lives of mortals. He enjoyed a challenge and
engaged in contests of wits or skill with those brave enough to
stand against him. When he lost, Apollo magnanimously ac-
cepted the consequences, though he was known for skirting the
edge of cheating and unfairness in order to win. And when he
won, he showed little mercy.

Apollo had known Pan for many years. They shared a
respect and love for one another that Apollo had with few
others. Despite the many times that Pan lost in their friendly
challenges and games, Apollo never caused Pan any direct
harm. Pan never judged Apollo for his deeds and even accepted
his near-cheating with a hearty laugh. The challenges became
a loved game between the two, and they sought each other out
with a new one all throughout their lives.

Apollo allegedly coaxed the art of prophesy from the goat-
legged Arcadian, and Pan later challenged Apollo to regain
satyr honor after Apollo bested Marsyas, a satyr, in a contest of
music. With the Muses as their judges, Apollo and Marsyas had
agreed that the winner could do whatever he pleased to the
loser. And so they began to play their instruments. At first, the
Muses could not decide and claimed a tie. Apollo, frustrated,
bade Marsyas to play upside-down and sing at the same time as
he did. Apollo's instrument was a lyre, so he performed the
challenge with no trouble; on his flute, however, Marsyas tried
and failed. Apollo won and preserved his reputation as god of
music, cheating satyrs out of their one great honor. Despite his

16 KITHBOOK: SATYRS$


ded hi t, Unseelie Apollo claimed

his winner's rights by Having poor Moxsyas and nailing his skin
to a pine tree near the source of the river that now bears his
name.

Pan tried many times to regain the title of "god of music,"
but he never managed to succeed. Some fae believe that this
explains why satyrs practice their music so fervently and why
they seem obsessed with it; they seek perfection so that they
might some day challenge Apollo again and, this time, regain
their title. Others claim that satyrs did so long ago and they
continue to practice only so Apollo cannot return and steal it
back again.

SXHALISTION
THE SLIND&RING

Reason and science had taken the upper hand in Greece.
The people there were used to centuries of fear brought on by
uncaring and unpredictable "gods," so they chose to disbelieve
and put an end to the threat. Many of the mythical creatures of
Greek origin began to disappear, one by one. Not all became
eiharas though even n those that did to fade anitieety remained

f the Satyr kith, including
aitnocsinsi and mermaids, removed themselves from faerie soci-
ety and may have disappeared altogether, though periodic
rumors suggest that they still exist somewhere.

With the introduction of Christianity, satyrs took a hard
hit. Though their migration to the British Isles had saved them
from the same fate as their Olympian cousins, the satyrs could
already feel the waves of disbelief rippling across the land from
the south. Christ had been born and his miracles up-staged the
magic of the faeries. Christian soldiers carried their beliefs up
from Rome and France and, thus, spread a new religion through-
out the Isles.

a held — by the ele became Christian holidays,
allowing the d into one. The marriage of the
two led many pengle from their pagan beliefs and into Chris-
tianity. Those who refused to convert found themselves faced
with the Inquisition in the mid-13th  Senitury: The Sundering
had reached its height, the Church | p, and the
faeries of the British Isles watched their world crumble.

THE SHATTERING

Hidden in their groves and glens, satyrs attempted to ride
the wave that foll lint ke oftheS g. They clung
to the hope that someone was going to find a way to reverse it.
They danced, played, sang and made love in an attempt to
continue on as usual. Tey built their bonfires and seduced the
peasants, and they succulent meals and brewed the
best beer and wine. The satiyns inspired passion in the mortals
around them and tried to forget the growing Mists that meant
that fewer and fewer humans knew them.

The events that made up he Sh he years that saw
the closing of the gates between beloved Arcadia and the mortal

wake Of

world, scared the satyrs as much as any other kith. Although
satyrs historically had more of a love for the mortal world than
for other faeries, they knew whit the Shattering meant to both
realms: Nothing would ever be th Id feel
their mortal lovers slipping away from hea and into the gray.
They could hear the tinny tones creeping into their beloved
music. And they could feel the weight of Banality sitting upon
their shoulders and knew the golden days had passed.

Prior to the Interregnum, the sidhe hurried to return to
Arcadia, stepping on commoners to get through the gates in
time. Most satyrs merely sat back and watched this panicked
rush with bitter amusement. The Shattering had already begun
to affect these satyrs, planting a small gray seed deep in their
souls. They remembered how the mortal world had welcomed
them where Arcadia and th d rejected their love of life

g of it. Now rather than stay and fight the
] 2. }

] j; 1 j hled iil

1, * AL

homelands and, in doing so, they were damning those who
stayed behind to life among the deat Many satyrs found this
particularly ironic. Most wl idh
They knew that Arcadia was not safe om the dark cloud
shadowing the mortal realm. Banaling's influenae in mortal
dreams would filter into Arcadia and taint th

as well. The satyrs' connection to the realm of the flesh had
given them a special insight into just how intertwined Arcadia
and Earth are. They knew that no one was safe from the
onslaught of Banality, not even those faeries who made it back
to Arcadia before the gates closed.

Despite the vacuum of power left behind by the exodus of
the sidhe, little changed for satyrs. They had no interest in
courts or kingdoms. They sought out their oak trees and faerie
circles, visiting freeholds only when absolutely necessary for
their own protection. Satyrs wanted to maintain their rituals,
habits, glens = groves, and they saw no need to rely on the
nobility nobility, for their sustenance.
Few satyrs held any interest in politics, so most had no desire to
become courtesans in the new courts. Independence let them
cling to the old ways for a little while longer, thus, the satyrs
managed to hide from the fires, the priests and the sheriffs —
keeping to themselves and to the rural people where they could
still find a grain of belief in the old ways. These satyrs fostered
and thrived on superstition left over from an earlier time. The
grandmothers had heard the tales and still shared them with
their children's children. Flickering deep in their breasts, a bit
of belief still burned and sparked the ever-important dreams.

THE INDUSTRIAL R&VOLLITION

Factories and mills began to throng the British Isles. Log-
gers cut down forests and farmers cultivated meadows. Satyrs
looked up from their dalliances into the face of Progress. They
did the only thing they could think to do: They migrated yet
again, to America.

Ellis Island in New York sparkled with effervescent dreams
of prosperity. A magical place, it sent a glow of Glamour into the

CHAPT&R ONE: BITTERSWEST YESTERDAYS 17


VA] .
A

© sky that could be seen from everywhere in the city. All the
lewith thaiewi

4 A} £ } £, al
BELTAINE FESTIVALS ee tke code an de nn
< didn't mind the squalor of the camp or the pallor of the soup
ay On May 2nd every year, changelings celebrate the lines. They looked at New York from their seaside i
\ arrival of Spring. The Beltaine festival has traditionally and saw a place for future glory for themselves and ‘their
va been a celebration of love and life, which makes it espe- children:
= 4) cially sentimental for satyrs, whose entire lives are dedi- O foam Ellisieland both — fietie

ce away y

cated to these ideals. On this night, satyrs put aside all

Cae immediate claustrophobia of the smells and sounds of industri-
animosity, jealousy and vengeance.

alization. Banality lurked at the edge of Manhattan like a dark
creature waited for its chance to destroy. Within the city,

Most satyrs prefer to hold their Beltaine gatherings in

2)

\ the open air, in a glen or field, although they will go sweatshops sucked the life from those same people that had
A) wherever the party ie Rarely do eee eather alone as they stared with hopeful eyes at a welcoming America only weeks
? prefer ; pany of the fae : They before. Poverty pulled the very breath from babies' lips. Chil-
‘A ae prin oe enchanted mortals for the fun of watch- dren left their homes to work seven days a week in the factories
tac] oat their wide-eyed wonder. Satyrs host the event each and mills of the city. Wives and mothers sold their clothing,
) year, which has become a tradition that works well, con- their hair, and their bodi food theirfamilies. Yet,evenin the
\% sidering the satyr ability to entertain. dim light of the work places, their! Cecdie die. These naw
A No Beltaine festival would be the same without the Americans clung to their dreams, perhaps out of pure stubborn
. S\) satyr band; its music creates an atmosphere of love and survival instinct. And the wealthy climbed to the top upon the
amicability. As a result, rifts mend between enemies and |} backs of their new idealistic neighbors.

new loves are born. Passions run high and many noble- | Never be daunted by a bad turn of events, satyrs left
|cOmMnOner lationships develop. I phere where the cities of the east quickly and headed west with all the other
anything goes, the satyr who has pursued his lady-love to |} adventure-seekers. The Wild West hosted many six-gun-toting
Hie aval finds that his chance of success rises. Many satyrs with catchy one-liners for every occasion. They ran
8 J Beltaine as, near the end of the brothels and robbed banks just for the fun of it. Unseelie satyrs

night, couples and threesomes drift off arm-in-arm for a built the biggest legends in the Wild West, where a reputation
more private setting. It is a magical night. for being mean and rotten went a long way. In this untamed

land, satyrs stretched their legs and let their hair down. They fed


on men's dreams of gold and land, monsters and miracles.
Cowboys still told tales of a cowgirl that could ride tornadoes
and of a giant lusmabexjack that traveled with a a bees ae ane
Babe —half- M

and that provided fertile ground for satyrs to work their magic.

irown storie:

Satyrs first came into contact with the Nunnehi during this
time. They treaded carefully, for they learned about being the
new person on the block when they moved from Greece to the
British Isles, and the satyrs gently made their presence known.
Fortunately for the satyrs, they were among the first faeries to
travel into the West; no others had come before to give them a
bad reputation. Later, when the others did arrive, they com-
pletely destroyed the burgeoning friendship the satyrs had
begun to build with the Nunnehi. Sidhe and trolls, redcaps and
nockers blew in and took over without so rnc as an "excuse

me." Only by the hair of their tails

amount of Nunnehi respect. They took an open seaniee of
neutrality in the growing tensions between the Native Ameri-
can changelings and the European invaders.

As time passed, opportunities for adventure and excite-
ment seldom presented themselves. The turn of the century
carried with ita civilized sugar-coating that repulsed most satyrs,
while WWI made everyone serious and reserved. The concept
of sin had followed the satyrs from Europe and moral judgments
were suddenly flying everywhere. The Wild West was losing its
wild side as more and more people settled the land and as steel
tracks made the country smaller. As each new and exciting place
became known and tarnished by the footprints of so many, the
wonder of the Wild West slipped away. Civilization had once
again destroyed the magic. Satyrs sat by the railroad tracks and
mourned.

REAWAKESNINGS
ANEW &RA

Only the arrival of the Roaring ‘20s brought satyrs out of a
slump that could have been disastrous. With the advent of jazz,
flappers, and a more open outlook on sex and fun, satyrs perked
up their ears and their tails and slipped into the cities — just to
take a peek — or so they said.

erenebeces exiantane om sages basic principles and many
opened st hat served beer, wine and
vilhickey made at satyr-run stills hidden in the countryside. Al
Capone reportedly had a satyr right-hand man, a did many of

cities during this time, fighting alongside mortals to improve
conditions and return a sense of wonder to the world. They
refused to give up, even as they watched people's hopes grow
dimmer and dimmer. Children were forced to grow up more
quickly. Young boys and men flew off to fight a war ina foreign
land. Women worked day and night to build bombs in the
factories. But the one saving grace (for the Unseelie at least) was
the horror of it all. Nightmares grew out of the ravages of war.
Evil romped through the streets of Europe. Propaganda showed
the death camps and the Monster — Hitler. The Unseelie
thrived.

Satyrs eked out a living, the Unseelie fed on the night
horrors and the Seelie survived on the dreams of a mother or
lover or child for the safe return of their loved one. The human
spirit held firm, though the faeries of the world shivered in the
cold shadow of doom
= P| ?

In the 1950s, the a eat ofnuclears i
1

The Joneses
and the Cleavers all had their picket fences, iceboxes, and one-
car garages, their 2.5 children and family dog. The Great
American Dream had reached fruition as the descendants of
those tired immigrants moved to the suburbs. Television made
the world smaller and launched its insidious campaign against
free thought and diversity. Satyrs began to disappear.

THE AGS OF AQHARILS

Th | } 4
daughters of those suburbanites Oncoll i
country, flower children emerged from duets cocoons of com-
fortable shoes, high collars and station wagons. They rejected
the dreams of their parents and formed their own. Oh, how
satyrs rejoiced and rushed to join in the dance! A new age, the
Age of Aquarius, was born and the concepts of free love,
expanding consciousness, harmony, understanding, sympathy,
empathy and trust spread among the youth of the day. Living
dreams splattered color over the gray of the past.

In equal and opposite reaction to the Age of Aquarius,
Banality surged up as the result a the Viseaiaa Wat. The war
took many your back but anger
and pain. It Asthoned the edges of the new age and reminded
people that the world was cruel and unforgiving. Banality
destroyed dreams.

The moon landing in 1969 released a wave of Glamour that
gave a needed boost to the heroic forces. Caryis selebraced od
etween Earth and Arcadia. A

the Mafia kingpins of the day. The 1920s

when many satyrs died defending their right to drink and be
merry. However, even police raids and the ensuing shoot-outs
didn't bother the satyrs as much as the picketlines of devout
Christians proclaiming the evils of liquor and sin. The echoes of
this morality were heard throughout America for the next 30
years or so.

The soak snare crash finished off the gay, Roaring ‘20s,

nd despair America. Surprisingly, itwas WWII
that brought an end 6 the Great Depression and lifted the
shroud from America's collective face. Satyrs remained in the

tim

S085: those changelings who had been here all a ome
host to the nobles who found the world changed beyond
recognition. Suddenly, Earth-bound fae had the upper hand;
they already knew how to survive here. The sidhe of five noble
houses of Arcadia stumbled like lost children in the mortal
realm of 1969. They needed help and the satyrs, more than any
other kith, came to their aid. By this time, those faeries of the
mortal realm had learned that chances for survival improved
when changelings worked together. They could not or would
not abandon the fragile sidhe in the face of overwhelming

CHAPTER ONE: BITTERSWS2T YESTERDAYS 19
‘&


Banality. Satyrs put aside their grudges and welcomed the sidhe
into their flock.

Before long, however, the sidhe had regained their footing
and gathered themselves into motley courts around recaptured
freeholds. Despite their original dependence on the commoner
Kithain, the sidhe never had any intention of treating them as
equals. It never even occurred to the majority of them that the
commoner fae were doing any more than was their duty to the
nobility. This fact became increasingly clear to satyrs who
experienced a feeling of deep resentment that their efforts to
help the sidhe had gone completely unappreciated. Satyrs felt
betrayed. Politics between nobles and commoners chafed.

Over time, the satyr love of freedom and independence
built a rift between them and the haughty nobility. Satyrs spoke
out loudly, without fear, against the sidhe belief of their superi-
ority. D f k | bl } gl the halls of
the freeholds. Some say that the Night of Iron Knives came
about because a satyr had verbally bested a noble in heated
discourse over the outdated feudal system. Frustrated and furi-
ous, the sidhe plotted and carried out a massacre.

BUMPING AND GRINDING
THE ACORDANCE WAR

Many satyrs fell during the Accordance War, though more
earned the respect of their fellow commoner kith. They proved
that their tal tended beyond music, drinking and making
love. Battle after battle, satyrs stood bravely beside trolls and
redcaps and wielded chimerical sword and iron blade. The
bitterness of their betrayal burned in their eyes and the nobility
learned that there was no more frightening sight than that of a
satyr who was enraged with righteous indignation, charging
down on them with glowing sword that was poised to strike.
Satyrs did not fight with the tactical savvy of the sidhe, but what
they lacked in organization, they more than made up for in
passion.

& THE SATYR GIFT OF PROPHESY &

In ancient times, all satyrs were bona oe the a
to soothsay. P:
Olympians; including Athena. But, this ability became a
heavy burden for satyrs. Mortals and faeries hounded the
satyrs fora peek at their futures. Everyone wanted to know
how they would die, who they would love and when they
would get titled.

Satyrs preferred not to know. As their philosophies
developed, prophesy became less appealing to them. They
wanted to live for the moment, not for the future. By the
time satyrs migrated to the British Isles, they had all but
abandoned this art. Some satyrs still practice it, but they
keep their abilities secret. They have heard how people
crowded around their ancestors looking for some relief
from the unknown.

© THE BATTLE OF THE BROOKLYN BRIDGE ©

One of the most renowned battles of the Accordance
War stands out in faerie legend. A combined force of the
satyr Freedom Tragos, the troll 6th Legion, and a motley
group of redcaps had managed to push back the sidhe Red
Brigade to the Brooklyn Bridge. The sidhe crossed the bridge
and barricaded themselves in at the other end, which coun-
tered attempts to flicker-flash across.

The situation worsened when the commoner force
] Es: | 4. LI - L j SS [Po T
from behind. The sidhe could pick off anyone easily who
crossed the bridge, and attacks launched from all sides kept
them from retreating. The troll general-in-charge, Krolt
Breathstealer, stopped the advance before losses grew too
high. He pulled his force back into a fortified building to
consider their strategy.

Krolt thought long and hard, listened to his advisors,
and considered his options. The only hope was if he could
send for reinforcements, but Krolt knew that none were
available. Alcaeus of the Freedom Tragos overheard his
musings and approached the general; he offered to break
through the enemy lines and take a message to General
Grenfern, whose troops fought to the East. Krolt refused,
claiming that the done ie too great, but Alcaeus had a
stubborn streak and dd honey from a bee. Finally,
the general agreed to let him try.

Late that night, Alcaeus took his flute out and played a
gentle and soothing tune. It sang of home and family. The
commoner tops all fell silent, to listen. Their hearts broke
and they tk d their sorrow in their own way.
Alcaeus began to i across the bridge. He played with all
the strength his heart could muster.

Krolt held his breath, already mourning the young satyr
who crossed the bridge so bravely. Krolt waited for the cold
iron arrow that would undoubtedly plunge into Alcaeus'
chest and put an end to the music and to his life. Yet, to
Krolt's surprise, Alcaeus reached the other side of the bridge
and walked straight into the midst of the sidhe troops.

He continued to play his flute as he passed through the
sidhe encampment. The nobles stepped aside for him, weep-

ing at athe Besa of ie tune. None eared to harm him. The
4 =f

f their kc IST
of the ae they had left behind. The soft music made them
wish for an end to the war. Alcaeus disappeared into the
darkness, with the sound of his flute still lilting in the
distance for some time afterward.

General Grenfern's troops arrived the next morning.
Krolt and his force fought courageously. They crossed the
bridge with minimal losses, while the reinforcements at-
tacked the einbe on their flank. Alcaeus disappeared, and

hat the pale ofbeutte to ae us Gift of
ld

Y
Pp. s: AF 1"

been seen again.

Ph) KITHBOOK: SATYRS


Satyrs faced a dilemma as a result of the Accordance War:
To fight and kill other changelings contradicted their live-and-
let-live philosophy. Thus, the war scarred satyrs deeper than the
more war-like, violent kith. If they hadn't lost loved ones in the
Night of Iron Knives, perhaps they wouldn't have taken as firm
a stance in the war.

The Accordance War saw the development of battle-
trained tragos for the first time in many centuries. Satyrs banded
together, learned weapon skills and fighting techniques, then
fought side by side with the other commoner kith. Many of these
i h f the fae.

A 1
Talents OTL

ARSTURN TO LIFE

Satyrs can fight with strength and hardiness, though most
of them prefer peaceful times. When High King David called for
a meeting of commoner and sidhe to discuss an end to the
Accordance War, satyrs rejoiced. Their hunger for peace made
it easier for them than for any other commoner kith to trust the
new High King. The satyrs sent Melizein the Singer to carry the
olive branch for them. And he took several of his fellow satyrs
to meet with David and a council of commoner Kithain.

tragos still exist, fe

Melizein was not a fool and, though he wanted desperately
to believe that the king was sincere, he feared another ambush
by the sidhe. To his joy, no such thing occurred. David talked of
a Parliament of Dreams instead and spoke many words that no
one expected from a noble sidhe. David won the hearts of the

satyrs with ease, as he inspired feelings of peace, love and loyalty
in their hearts with his speech. Melizein stood first, as everyone
else sat in quiet shock. He applauded David.

Before any kind of fealty was promised, however, Melizein
went back to his fellow satyrs and called for a meeting in the
town of Greece, New York. Satyrs came from around the world
to hear his tale of the meeting with High King David; afterward,
they voted unanimously to support him. Memories of the
subsequent celebration kept tails wagging for years.

Melizein became the first satyr lord, granted the title by
King David himself. Lord Melizein served David for many years

his f ladvi 1 confidant. The king joined the satyrs
in mourning when Lord Melizein died — assassinated by cold
iron at a mid-winter festival.

MODbsRN TIMES

Satyrs have changed little over the centuries. Although
they recognize the danger of the coming Winter, most prefer to
ignore it altogether. Many satyrs feel that only through living as
if it weren't going to happen will it be possible to avoid it. Thus,
they drink, dance and engage in sex like they always did. The
fatalistic attitudes and gloomy proclamations of other kith hold
no validity with satyrs, who see this pessimi d Ito
their cause, so they instinctively try to cheer up these sour fae.
Satyrs corrupt the innocent, lift spirits and provid fc
frustration — all with enthusiasm. They live for today.

tlet for

fuiuet fs 1997

Y$

2

Hy
LS

CHAPTER ONE: BITTERSWEET YESTERDA

4

iy

Ys

we

oe

naa ry
pity
>


F concen
% COTES

= 7

= {

he

We ee ee ee, ee ee ee

Ss
a
SS et

S|

\)
a

Passion heh

like bl

1 fy awound. S hi dit cl, 1

fl fo
J

J

scars. Leave it to run free and it may kill you.

— Anonymous satyr

"Passion." The word means a great deal to all satyrs. They
murmur it to themselves like a mantra when the world's Banal-
ity weighs too heavily upon them. They call it aloud to the stars

parallel her particular talents and she concentrates her pursuit
of experience and passion in a clearer direction. Not surpris-
ingly, the satyrs call this individual focus a satyr's "Passion." A
p. A 1AL

like a joyous hallelujah when they manage E

those brief, perfect moments of living that make it all worth-
while. They whisper it to one another like the sweetest procla-
mation of love. "Passion."

Many Kj 1 "| oa ale balks . g 1 i g
carousing, pranking ne'er-do-wells who live off the generous
nature of the court or sleep their way into titles. These Kithain
don't understand the fact that a satyr's sex life, drinking habits
and apparent irreverence for personal space and etiquette are
not evidence of his lack of integrity, rather, they are a measure
of his dedication to the satyr philosophy of personal freedom,
courage and..."passion."

SATYR PASSIONS

Satyrs have a reputation for this
musing. Indee t fei li i
1 . Lat :

excess, sensuality and
like frat boys, pour their
iL.

5
4 1]

i ic, romance, adance, aritual wine-making

or any number of other hobbies. Every satyr's Passion differs
from the next and is defined by the changeling's unique person-
ality.

A PASSION FOR ROMANCE

One moment of true love is worth a lifetime of pain.

— Anonymous satyr

Some satyrs have a romantic streak a mile wide. They love
wooing even more than screwing. Experts at courting, they
wield long-stem roses, candlelight dinners and soft music like
well-honed swords. It's the thrill of the chase that turns satyrs
on, and often they find that once they have won, the thrill goes
limp. For this reason, the satyr with a Passion for romance
acquires a reputation for extreme fickleness. He leaves his lover
as soon as he has succeeded in winning her heart.

ofr 4...i8
itwere their

+]
h h never entirel

last. However 2 y gi

things, she begins to focus eventually on one specific interest.
This focus develops naturally; the satyr does not consciously
decide what it will be. As the changeling matures, her interests

up any

S believe in love at first sight and true love. They have i,
6

y
a saying: One moment of true love is worth a lifetime of pain.
Pan ‘

Despite aS 1] aA tL
his goal is to find true love: beat are he inion that one ai a
- : WY
CHAPTER TWO: PASSION 8 W
"8

>


earn true love; therefore, love easily won must not be true love.

Th tt toaperson who is unlikely
to ever return his ae After all, if the satyr could have his
lover without working for her, then it is not a challenge,
therefore, it is not true love.

Pining and , especially
since he will spend the majority of his i chasing las love of
the moment. He appears quite unhappy most of the time,
though this visage is misleading. Beneath the facade of bemoan-
ing his love's uncaring attitude, he is rejoicing in the whirls and
dips of the proverbial dance of romance. A glance, a wink, a
word given to him by the object of his affections sends him
spinning among the clouds. Then, the next moment, when his
future lover smiles at another, he crashes down into the mire of

mournful rejection. It's all a part of the dance.

THE FRONT-LINE MLIS&S
Respected grump troll, Forr'hek Oakrod, once re-
ferred to the satyr kith as "the Front-Line ene He
had noticed the satyr tendency
tion on mortals — inspiring them and conking them
from their shells. Even in ancient times, satyrs have

always had a closer connection to mortals than any
citer kith. They have lived and loved with mortals all :

far from mortal desires, perhaps because they adore the !
physical so much. Satyrs have had a direct hand in
mortal Reverie more than any other faerie kith. After
all, the satyrs are in there: partying, picking fights,
sending flowers and making love. They don't lurk in the

ye 1 142)1:1 sit Eos 1 J +t 1:1,

trolls ort it Veco Le Kapa | 11. J. Lyk, heh

front line in the war against Banality.

A PASSION FOR $8X

l hicken entrée, tender and sweet,
melting in your mouth until a bite of hot pepper surprises you and
titillates your senses. Oh, and you can order it XXX-tra spicy, if you
like.

Sexis like a

— Anonymous satyr

Satyrs go with sex like peanut butter goes with jelly. Those
who have a Passion for sex take this elnitenabip one step
further. Sex, to them, b |. They seek
fulfillmentand ding th t whether it be enthu-
siastic, sweaty rompings or ‘slow, erotic explorations of the
sensual. Some satyrs adventure into these intimate relations to
better grasp its link to Glamour and the Dreaming. Chimera
sometimes manifest from fantasies and shared love-dreams
when fueled with sexual energy. These are no small events.

During sex, mortals step closer to their uninhibited, free
any other time. Ina world where humanity reveres
moderation and temperance, sexual intimacy grants explora-

24 KITHBOOK: SATYRS$

aie rg There, behind closed doors, one

of his suit i hi

can let dow

more comfortable — ae turns him on.

Sexual satyrs approach it with open minds. Not all of their
escapades, however, are fanciful tumblings in lace sheets or
giggly ticklings on pine needles. They understand that sex has
many faces, including the rough, the selfish, the sadistic and the
masochistic. Not all satyr sex g the Seelie, resembles
the light-hearted romp one would normally imagine satyrs to
prefer. A satyr whose Passion i is sex seeks a vehicle to the larger
than life through tl I f physical i Intercourse.

As a general rule, the ial satyr has few taboos, though
through her own experimentation, she learns quickly what
works best for her and what doesn't. Without hesitation, she
eliminates the methods and partners that don't satisfy her. No
sense wasting time on dead-ends. She expands her exploration
along avenues that trigger her curiosity instead. If she finds a
situation that she particularly likes, she could stay with it for
some time. Because of this method, it's not uncommon for her
to remain with th p for j period of time.
Monogamy, however, does not come easily for her. Her curiosity
and innate sense of adventure eat get her into compromising
R y take an Oath of Truehearts
without stating specifically that the commitment is emotional
and not sexual.

situations.

Some satyrs have learned how to muse Glamour from
mortals by inspiring them to ever-greater plateaus of sexual
prowess and fulfillment. This form of Reverie, however, is still
not widely understood. Unpredictable at best, this type of
musing often requires an even greater time and energy commit-
ment than inspiring an artist or musician does. Generations of
moral education have taught mortals that to enjoy sex is a sin.
Though this is no longer as accepted a standard as it once was,
h i he sul i i many s linger
To end the moratorium on sexual enjoyment sanctioned by the
majority of religions, satyrs must choose their steps carefully.
One false move and the mortal could slip into remorse, fear or,

worse, guilt.


A SATYR OATH OF TRUSHZARTS

Let the moon and the stars be my witness as I pledge you my love. I shall hold you in my heart with the passion of a thousand
suns. Roam though I may, I shall always return to you and let no other remove your memory from me. You are my true love and
so shall you stay, no matter where my destiny takes me.

This special version of the Oath of Truel i ly used by satyrs. The wording closely reflects a satyr's free-
spirited nature and does not bind her to anything that interferes with the pursuit of her Passion. Most satyrs find the
standard Oath of Truel icting and many refuse tc it. This one, while still expressing deep devoti
does not limit freedom of action.

The oath is spoken either alone or in conjunction with another, depending on the situation. If a satyr has fallen
passionately in love, she might take the oath alone, merely out of a need to show the depth of her feelings. When taken |
alone, the satyr uses a point of Glamour to create a chimerical ring that she wears herself. Once the oath has beentaken, —_ |
the ring can never be removed. It shines brilliantly, visible only to her and her true love. If she ever breaks the oath, |
however, the ring appears blackly tarnished to all fae, and her finger turns green. Furthermore, she gains a point of |
Banality for disregarding her oath. If | the satyr who i heroath i Glamour point from
any Rapture she participates in.

If taken with another, the oath works exactly like the standard Oath of Truehearts. Both lovers use a point of
Glamour to craft a songbird. The bird appears only to the loyers until the oath is broken, at which point, the bird ceases _|
to sing and becomes visible to all fae. In addition, both lovers acquire a point of Banality as a result of the betrayal. |
However, the oath faithfully upheld grants an extra Glamour point to each of the lovers from any Rapture they have a
hand in. |

B )

CHAPT&R TWO: PASSION 2»

"

fe .
i}

ME LATC CCA CET

tans

>


A PASSION FOR MUSIC

Music cures all ills.

— Anonymous satyr

Music is a satyr's trump suit. The majority can play an
instrument, but even those who never learn have voices that
inspire the deepest emotions when raised in song. For some,
even in the act of speaking, their voices reach into the souls of

THE SATYR'S "ODE FOR GOOD LIVING

Satyrs have a code that they say brings happiness
AL 1. i: £,, 1 jy . N, ‘oO

y y

one knows exactly who put the code together, but

mentors have taught its basics to fosterlings since

ancient times. Although Seelie satyrs embrace the
j.3. 4: sams 1 1 1 1. ‘ay J rs

their listeners; more than not
a Passion for song.

Music burns in every satyr's soul. For the satyr whose
Passion is music, however, it's a never-ending inferno. The
notes of starsong, the moon's lullaby, and the sun's trumpet call-
to-run reverberate in his heart. The ebb and flow of his blood
sets the beat and his emotions drive the harmony. This satyr is
nothing without his music. It gives him an avenue of self-
expression that he needs to help him keep from exploding. The
satyr feels through it and others share his feelings with him. He
uses his music to touch upon the hidden soft spots of mortal
emotions.

Me ] qd f, $ } ] j hid,

heir feelings
deep in the soul's dark corners. The musical satyr brings these
emotions out into the open and allows the listener a chance for
catharsis. Sometimes these instances produce dangerous situa-
tions. One never knows how a mortal will react to the emer-
gence of hate, anger, fear, guilt, remorse, melancholy, sorrow,
despair, love, joy or any of the multitude of other possible
emotions that a satyr could summon. The musical satyr lives to
find out.

A PASSION FOR ATHLETIXS

If we were meant to sit still, we would have been created with
human legs and sidhe mi

— Anonymous satyr

The ancient Greeks placed a great deal of importance on
having a strong, healthy body. Everyone from athletes to phi-
losophers exercised regularly, and many anatomical discoveries
originated from the Greeks. Satyrs have natural dexterity,
strength and stamina. Their goat legs, designed for jumping and

ind flexible. Most satyrs stay in relatively

p result of the lifestyles th d, though
some make it their Passion to strive for athletic prowess and
physical perfection.

climbing
§

Leisical] adic

good f

Running attracts many satyrs, for obvious reasons. Already
one step ahead of the game, an athletic satyr can push himself
to incredible speeds and distances. Satyrs with a Passion for
athletics often cross-train to become proficient in many sports
or other corporal activities. Some pursue dancing for artistic
expression, while others prefer the more competitive aspects of
team and individual sports. The need to uphold the Escheat
keeps most satyrs from setting world records every week, but
more than one Olympic gold medalist has been a satyr.

Some satyrs study martial arts, although finding a master
willing to teach the physical without the moral can be difficult.
telling her how to lead her life, and

Nosatyr can

KITHBOOK: SATYRS

ins, even the Unseelie am ia revere them in some
form or other.

Live and let live.

Be yourself.

Listen to your instincts.

Seize the day.

Perfection is possible; go for it.

Look for love in all things.
Run free.

Don't be afraid.

Don't hesitate.

10. Don't look back.

een awh ene e

even the most satyr-friendly of the Eastern religions grates on
her nerves from time to time. Nevertheless, the physical chal-
lenge of a martial art epee to some artalectodat pina

Many of |
themselves and ane op Sing proftacional teams, college
track, highs ‘Ol reupic hopefuls. They

preaching ‘the ethics of team-play ml personal ambition,
including setting goals and how to achieve them. They show
losers how to be he dreams of young people.

A PASSION FOR POSTRY

Visions born on the wind...

kiss and kissed

in a tattered shroud of mist...

my forlorn thoughts return to you.

— Anonymous satyr

Contrary to popular opinion, 99.9% of all satyrs can read
aid write. _ Being creatures has passion and emotion, satyrs
And many take
great "len ina apcll turned phrase. They know that a well-
written love poem wins a heart and a stark description of death
by cold iron terrifies.

The lyrics of a song create an image in the heart and mind.
Words, so sterile when taken one at a time, breathe and come
to life when arranged properly. The poetic satyr makes it her
quest to write something of lasting energy that bridges the gap
between people ark draws aeittoms ar the shadowy places
where p idden works of others,

If
TOster

learning, but more eaften, she writes. Like any good satyr, she
believes that life is about living, so she doesn't hide away in an


office somewhere with a typewriter. She writes at the bar, on the
bus, by the lake. She writes after making love, while drunk,
before taking up her sword to combat. A satyr with a Passion for
poetry always carries a pen, pencil, or crayon and has bits of
paper everywhere, cocktail napkins and matchbooks covered
with lines of verse.
The poetic satyr writes self-indulgently. She doesn't try to
teach or share wisdom — she writes to express herself. When
sharing what she's done, she expects a reaction and gets one.
The depth of her sincerity is conveyed through her words and
| the strength of her emotion leaps from the page into the reader's
mind, calling to its counterpart there. Over the centuries, many
satyr poets have encouraged readers to seek adventure, break

free of their prisons, or pursue true love, all through meticulously
arranged words.

| A PASSION FOR D&BATE

| If you want to feel your heart race and your adrenaline flow,
argue with a satyr. It is stimulating and fun. Then, you lose.
| — Anonymous satyr
As much as satyrs love physical and social competition,
they adore the mental challenge of debate 10 times more.
Nothing gets their tails wagging faster than a good, rowdy
argument. The satyr with a Passion for debate finds it difficult to
stay out of discussions, for he always wants to give his own two
cents. Hei overheard ions |

t
| or plays devil's advocate, even if he agrees with his opponent.

The rhetorical satyr sees all life mirrored in the push-and-
pull of the debate. He has learned that position is only a matter
of perspective. Thus, he can take any side of the issue and argue
for or against it. Mental flexibility, eloquence and open-
mindedness impress him. The satyr whose Passion is debate
forces others to defend or reconsider their position. He ruth-
lessly pulls out all the stops once he has taken a position. These
changelings end up with black eyes or split lips regularly because
they can push the argument too far. Invariably, however,
anyone who debates a satyr comes away having learned some-
thing important.

A satyr never holds a grudge against his opponent, even if
he loses the debate. Always the first to offer a hand and smile
after a heated discussion, a satyr puts aside his anger and
frustration easily once the debate is over. In many ways, it's all
a game to him; though he may become distraught during the
course of the argument, he steps away with complete calm and
free of reproach once it's over. More often than not, he thanks
his opponent for the challenge and amusement. This thank-
you, of course, doesn't always sit well with an antagonist who
doesn't understand this satyr's sincerity.

A PASSION FOR BREWING

Noth? T f

f) J

brew for loosening tongues, lips
and legs.

— Anonymous satyr

CHAPTER TWO: PASSION

4

&


i

a
RS
NA

ZA

ee

ro] AMBROSIA &

SES SISSNSSIE

Ambrosia, the drink of the gods in ancient Gree
triggers desire, visions and euphoria. Some legends claim
that it imparts immortality to the drinker. Satyrs alone
have the recipe for it. They guard it like a family secret
that is handed down through the generations. Unfortu-
nately, no one has succeeded at duplicating Ambrosia;
perhaps the recipe is wrong, perhaps the ingredients no
longer have the qualities they once did. Many satyr
naster-b h ied ke this Ambrosia, though
as far | all have failed. A few of them have
made it their life's work to find out why their recipe
doesn't work.

Satyrs have a natural affinity for wine, beer and liquor. At
every satyr gathering, a broad variety of each tempts the palate.
Some satyrs do not drink commercial beers or wines, and they
rudely insult even the most renowned of international bever-
ages. All of them choose their home-brew every time, if given
the choice. Satyrs are acclaimed for their ability to make the
most succulent wines and premium beers. Those who have a
Passion for it become legends quickly.

Satyrs h hics gi ing their wine-
making and brewing: They never use artificial ingredients and
no satyr ever sells his liquor, which d *t mean that there is no
cost for it. Satyrs take great pride in their brewing skills and
anyone who does not openly enjoy it and exaggerate his praise
for it, draws a satyr's ire. Praise goes a long way toward appeasing
the satyr with a Passion for brewing and wine-making.

Tradition dictates that the recipient of satyr-brew must
toast the satyr who made it with the first drink from the bottle.
If the satyr's identity is unknown, then one should toast satyrs
as a whole. According to superstition, bad luck befalls anyone
who forgets to do so. This kind of toast has dev

2 gelings who don't want to risk the bad luck
of satyr wrath. They murmur it under their breaths even when
drinking mortal alcohol — just in case — "Three cheers for
satyr-brew." Sometimes the toast is shortened in public, and
humans have picked up this habit of toasting as well, "Cheers!"

LINSS2LI£ PASSIONS

Unseelie Passions are inclined to be more deviant than
those of their Seeli ins. Some Unseeli yrs have del
into sadomasochism, fetishism, dark performance art, torture,
the art of assassination, cults and violent crime. Their Passions
vary as greatly as those of the Seeli g their kith. Unseelie
satyrs have extremely fruitful and active imaginations. Some-
times sunshine satyrs find the dark, nightmarish aspect of
Unseelie Passions di ful; however, a moon satyr takes pride
in her work and art and explores her Passion with as much zeal
and energy as her sunnier cousins. Yet, satyrs denounce one
another's Passion rarely, especially in public. They toe the line
between Seelie and Unseelie by choice, so it behooves them to

lis now

28 KITHBOOK: SATYRS


fewer Yuet it La dint ane never Criticize Or j dg 's Passion. They understand is
Gy z ‘ns re rains State the need for diversity and acceptance. And, a satyr slips from AS
Sisk Oey ‘s light to dark, and vice versa, because experimentation with her ff
Le 4V -
‘
* <_ *

Passion has drawn her in that direction. gq

bee ip
ae THE LIVING TIME Wy
hy B | themselves wholel into their CS,
<= Passion, they risk going overboard. Some experience intervals N)
4 - when they become so obsessed with learning all they can about SS)
oe their Passion, that they practice it night and day, to the exclu- fe

sion of all other activities. Satyrs call this period of obsession «i
"The Living Time," and they watch one another carefully for SS
signs of it. The Living Time is dang: for ol A FEN
satyr may be too preoccupied to even eat, drink or bathe. After
a while, as the satyr becomes more and more isolated from
mortal society, she risks Bedlam. Ifa satyr enters into the Living
Time and doesn't come out of it within a week or two, her tragos
orfi i 1 attempt h by coaxing h rout into the
world for a night on the town or an evening at court. Usually, a
couple of hours with other satyrs, away from her Passion, gives
her enough of a jerk to draw her out of her Living Time;
however, her tragos should still keep an eye on her, just in case
she needs another dose of outside stimuli.

eS
4S

SS

SS

Vass

SLINSHINE SATYR, MOON SATYR

Satyrs have adopted a unique terminology for the
Seelie and Unseelie among them. They relate the Seelie
Court wi i
with the moon, sharp and mysterious. Sunshine satyrs
follow the Seelie Code. Their bright personalities and
fun-loving ways light the way for other fae and serve to
remind people of the importance of keeping a positive

s 1 ] ee 4 Es

ow

brightand golden and the Unseelie

PRAT

outlook

dishonor. They believe in true love and the possibility of
perfection.

Moon satyrs, on the other hand, follow the Unseelie
Code. Their legacies tend to be more obscured and their é
Passions darker. These satyrs roam the night and take 9)
what they want. They lend twisted definitions to both K

oS

—
honor and beauty, preferring a more chaotic approach to IN
life and the living of it. Love, to them, is as changing and a9)
fleeting as the glimmers of silver-blue moonlight upon ra
the surface of a lake. a)
&
PS
iS)
iK
&

a

2/
CHAPTER TWO: PASSION 2 %

(&


_
Es

Carry on with your bad self, Joe. You've fuckin' got it goin' on. I can
see in your eyes that you've known love.
— Marty Sanderson, "A Satyr in My Soup"

LIFS <YKLES

Satyrs believe in the ancient concept of cycles. Like the _ rises once more before them and their gray world suddenly fills Za)
Greeks, whose dreams birthed the first satyrs, they philosophize — with color and light. iS
that all life is a conglomeration of circles and that all things are A Seelie faun, in particular, bubbles over with enthusiasm Ex)
connected in some way. Each person lives her life, traveling and a joy for life that can be quite contagious. His mischief é =

. * . . 5 —
around the circle until she reaches the beginning again and doesn't cause too much harm, most of the time, and when he's GS
¢

starts anew. Other people's circles may intersect with hers, like not pouting about being put to bed or being kept from court, he 2S
| the rings of the Olympic symbol, but none mirror it exactly. spreads good will all around. An Unseelie faun is a wild, SS
From Chrysalis to death, satyrs follow a path ofexploration, untamed creature who runs with his whims and blows with the f~
experimentation and learning. In the heart of every satyr burns — winter winds. Malici 1 hurtful, he has little respect for his —,
the need to know. Whether they realize it or not, they seek fellow changelings and few boundaries to keep him in line. He ay
isd d hei i I lifeandlove. takes great pleasure in darl J often inspi Ider moon 4

5' fs

When viewed in this manner, the satyr lifestyle seems less _ satyrs with his ingenuity and twisted creativity. An Unseelie C=
bohemian. Satyrs excel in landscapes wl hers feartotread. faun is the bad boy of the Dreaming. He carries frogs in his ey
gf

y,
4

From their heavens and hells, they look out at the world and pocket and situates himself so he can look up ladies' dresses. He G
DS)
x

dare us to join them. takes great pleasure in being the first to kiss the sidhe childling
and make her cry. (-
FAU NS The childling years are a dangerous time, because a faun's Ce,
Given over to fun and games, childling satyrs amuse and natural curiosity and daring haven't felt wisdom's tempering ey)
inspire affection from other changelings. Even sour redcaps, touch. This inquisitive faerie gets into trouble at every turn, « <j

x
fussy boggans, and grumpy nockers find themselves laughing at often dragging his elders in to rescue him. He doesn't take well es
these light-hearted, playful creatures. Perhaps the most magical to rules and sometimes, quite innocently, forgets that he's i,
time in any satyr's life, the childling years overflow with new _ forbidden to do something. A faun's mentor spends a good deal ny)
peri pp iti l [firsts (first kiss, first love, of time chasing after the errant childling and corralling him N)

first broken heart). Fauns, as satyrs call their childlings, trip back to the fold where he'll be safe. (=
through the world on a wave of awe and wonder. The Dreaming ‘ee
CHAPTER THREE: EXPOSING OLIRSELVSS 3] yoy
2)

pina

MS

& HONESTY I$ THE BEST vouky ee

"Honest to a fault" — that: 's what other faeries say
like
everyone else, and they don't have any moral bans
against it. They just usually don't see any reason to tell
anything but the blatant truth. Satyrs tell it like it is.
Often accused of callousness, they lack tact and rarely
bother with saving a person's feelings. Childlings, espe-
cially, blurt out their thoughts without restraint, as the
young do. Though, by the time their beards have grayed,
they have learned to exercise more control over their
tongues.

Satyrs don't insult everyone deliberately. Yet, when
they're actively trying, the target definitely feels the
sting. Rather, satyrs just say what they're thinking when
they're thinking it, without inhibition, which means
that when they like something, they say so and when
they don't, they say so. Satyrs point out embarrassing
truths and ask the most pertinent questions. Most satyrs
have a terminal case of hoof-in-mouth disease.

Many noble courts tolerate the presence of at least
one satyr for this very reason. What more valuable asset
_ is there than a member of the court who calls attention
to others when they are lying or being manipulative?
And, if the noble knows the satyr's loyalty, he then
cherishes his courtier even more.

Unfortunately for satyrs, however, this factor also
means that few people other than their most trusted
friends come to them in confidence. To say that satyrs
have a hard time e keeping a secret is an understatement.
Th

them in this case Satyrs

about satyrs. In truth

J

pursues her Passion with fervor and takes every opp ity to
have fu
An Unseelie wilder lives ite with the same libertine
philosophy, except f nightmares. His
inner-most urges have a more primal or deviant nature. He
often hurts others, Bens physically and emotionally, without a
second thought Passion and rides the roller-
epastet of life. Very self-indulgent, the = satyr does —
y fi from } p yand 7
4 .. Hi lel > 1 ithe urge
to munipullee others. A moon sarge hates the pomposity of
courtly life and the tedium of politics for politics' sake, but he

holds his own when it comes to manipulation.
LOSS, PAIN AND D&ATH <

In the World of Darkness, tragedy touches every-
one. au beings Seperate ae pain of loss. Satyrs hurt.
They! y I
both positive and Tieeaeive, course : through satyrs like
mercury. Creatures of extreme, they perceive every-
thing with intensity. Their moody natures result from
the depth of their feeling, not from some superficial
crankiness. To mistake a satyr's mood as inconsequen-

tial does these sensitive fae a disservice.
Pp, ] Le = 1. e Us >,

Seelie

Emotions.

mourning, love or hate, and think this means that the
feelings have no substance. They accuse satyrs of cal-
lousness, falseness, and even outright dishonesty. This
allegation hurts satyrs deeply. When a love dies or a

hatred softens, these = shangstobs see no porns in eon:
sy

are Gan the fice to give any the surprise party or tell
what's in the shiny, neatly wrapped present, so other
Kithain tend to keep satyrs out of the loop. Satyrs don't
mind — they love being surprised as much as they love
knowing secrets.

WILD ONES

Satyrs insist that they are the ones who put the "wild" in
wwilkiee. his aide years petions with excess as they push
The wonder years
of youth have were and, with maturity, epmneS = need = sow
afew wild oats. T!
her from some secret place inside her subconscious. Ever-
questing, she is never satisfied with second-best.

Among Seelie satyrs, this yearning manifests as light-
hearted play, melancholy and heart-felt romance. A sunshine
satyr, as Seelie satyrs call themselves, embraces life with all its
hills and valleys. She hurts just like any other being, but she
never loses her hope entirely for the next moment's happiness.
As she jumps from one great adventure to another, she doesn't
look back or take the time to regret her past choices. This satyr

KITHBOOK: SATYRS

tinuing it
that the emotion was never genuine to begin: with —
rarely the case.

The same applies to a satyr's method for dealing
with death and loss. For a short time, they mourn with
real tears and anger. Rather than retreat into a cocoon
of their own suffering, they act out; a rowdy party or a
drinking binge, an all-night roili in the Hag ora baring
thon run, all th
a catharsis for their pai
"To truly honor the dead, one must ealcbmee life."

and grief. S h


GRUMP$

These crusty old satyrs have had their wild days and feel
Banality breathing lies theirnecks. = sau grump!| has legume
from her exy
feels pressure to be constantly on the go, seking excitement ae
llth si g ] Ak: 1, she

adventure. She still |

just doesn't do them as often.

A satyr grump mentors the fauns and wild children of her
kith. She has the authority and wisdom to teach these youths
how to survive; she advises changelings of all kinds on many
different topics, everything from matters of the heart to combat
skills. A grump satyr has as many anecdotes and sayings to
illustrate her points as any boggan or eshu. And like everything
else, she shares these snippets of wisdom without restraint.

Seelie and Unseelie grumps differ in much the same way
that satyr wilders of the different courts do. Their lives have
brought them a bit further though, and so they have matured in

their own way. An Unseelie grump has had her razor-sharp edg

©

SATYR FASHION

Like other changelings, a satyr's Glamour natu-
rally creates a voile for her when she experiences >it
Chrysalis. Her garb tends toward flowing silks in th
colors of the forests, lakes and gardens. Freedom of
movement is very important to satyrs, so she rarely
wears anything on her legs and prefers to adorn her
upper body only in scarves, vests and jewelry. Satyrs
can, however, dress with beautiful creativity. Some
love the feel of leather and chains, while others favor
a more uncontrived approach by decorating their hair
with chimerical pine cones and ivy vines.

More than anything, however, most satyrs prefer
to 0 be. naked, which, amntortarnatel limits their ability

down lincale Awerne definitely draws unwanted ak:
tention. —

dulled somewhat by time and Banality.

Every satyr grump wakes up one morning and realizes that
her glory days are over. Satyrs call this "getting clocked." It can
occur late in their grump years, or early. The "getting clocked"
phenomenon marks the beginning of the end for a satyr and is
usually accompanied by a period of manic-depressive behavior
beyond the norm, even for a satyr. Though some satyrs find
remission from this depression, none ever recovers entirely.

Trapped in a body saturated in Banality, a satyr grump
resents her human shell for its inherent weal d mortal-
ity. When she gets clocked by the realization that her youth is
spent, her whole understanding of the world changes: growing
a little darker, a little less sue Each satyr deals with this
disappointment in her own way
the human race in general arid turns her relate ‘ens on them.
Or, she throws herself completely into her Passion in one last
attempt to glean all that she can from life, risking a slide into
Bedlam. Another grump may become depressed and renounce
her Passion for a while, thus, cutting herself off from one of the
things that keeps her Glamour strong.

}
ery bitter toward

No matter how a satyr approaches her grump years, a deep
sadness hangs over her wherever she goes, like a cloud gray-
tinting every song, every dance, every moment of love-making.
It may not always be evident in her laughter or in her kiss, but
it's at the edge of all she does, and it waits to overtake her and
put an end to her Passion.

THE TRAGOIDIA: A DANCE OF D&ATH

Death, a part of the cycle of life, comes to everyone
eventually. Satyrs all know and accept this fact. Yet, their
greatest fear is to become decrepit. With old age comes a
weakening of the body. Strength dissipates, desire lessens,
abilities wane and the Mists eclipse the soul.

Satyrs live hard and fast. Ever since the Shattering, when
all changelings took mortal bodies in order to survive, satyrs,
like the other kith, have had to learn to live with death. Many
grump satyrs, who teeter at the edge of the Mists, prefer to take
charge of their Jon't want to slip away
into darkness by gradually forgetting their friends and memo-
ties. They choose instead to end their changeling existence
among loved ones, with their faculties still intact. They want
everyone to remember them as they were — in their prime, not
as withered, pruny satyrs.

Changelings keep the Mists back with pure determination
and willpower. By refusing to release their connection to the
wondrous, they keep their hold on the Dreaming. When a satyr
has determined that the time has come for her tragoidia, she
loses her will to live and lets herself slip into the Mists, but only
after she has had the most raucous party of her life.

When a satyr's Banality reaches critical mass, she may
request the calephetos. This wordl in its notes all
a aa ever — by the say kith It demands a choice

one thatshe must ere. The mere
sound of this song draws tears from all those who hear it. One
satyr starts it and all others j join in 1 gradually with their own
instruments until th d. The notes
come instinctually to sans, for they are ea from the very
depths of their souls. As each satyr takes a turn in the spotlight,
he or she reaffirms her dedication to life until, finally, the grump
takes her turn and must choose between living or dying. Often,
by the time she calls for the calephetos, the grump has already

CHAPTER THREE: &XPOSING OURSELVES 3

‘uolssed pue A10]8 sii jo Aiowsw
yse] SUO YUM afi] Joy aavay] URS duns ayl ‘Aem styy Uy "suINII
JaAau aYg "UNS SUIS! IY] OJU! preMsea SyTeA pue suIN] ays Udy}
‘saqeqoIp Uo per se daays 0 slay APUO WoYym jo AueuT ‘spualy
Buidaajs Jay JaAO syOO] ayg ‘sediaua uO suIAp ay ‘squIT]
pa[suequa ay] Suowe wo1j ‘uo|sneyxa papuaraid 10 year Woy,
pasde]joo aavy Aaya azaym sidqes aya Jo satpoq Suldasys ayy sy
IYSI] ap|uas sy ‘UOZTIOY ay} AAO asi O1 sulsaq uNs ay] sy

‘VW duraqy jo Ava 1AIes ay puk aft] JO OUOY UT AdIO
paigryurun ue sawodaq Usy] TAA ay | "‘BULLea]D oy} Jo a|pprwu
ay) ul wuopied Aaya yoryas ‘ Pp d]VUNJUI 910UW B IO}

JeieAas 10 auUOaUIOS asooYS Av aYg ‘aieT] Jay Suldsey pue
Jesnoze jo yead v 0} Jay SuIIAS UO UOTUAN May] snd0} sIEyIO
ay ‘uo Surdp ayi azioiqa9 Aes duo OU pure Jey Joj YysTYy suns
astelg "spiom paradsiym pur sdyu ‘sassared yam Jay aseal ‘a]RU9}

‘A
A

Aayi se toyjoue suo deim pue wey) [ims 07 dn wary yoid Jo
way) uodn dais siAzes ay] "IOJOD JO MoquTeI B YIM punols ay]
JQAO9 SIUSWTS Udy]Is AUBUL "SUO] eB1OJag ‘DTIOIS alow atOIaq
saouep ay} pue ‘Aeme [PJ 01 suIsaq BuryIo]D uooS "Azuay eB
oyu] poow ay} pying Ayyenquaaa pue IYSIU amua ay} Ise] syUSU
-aaow AueUul si] "eIplosey] ay] 01 TEUOTIpeN Buos v "Yad JO
aour(],, 10 soyaydayp9 ay] suis pue Aeyd Aay] "uotsed30 318k ay
andsap ‘uaa s1y3 10} 3de} ISaqYsIIg ay] uO sind suoAIBAg
"BUOS IO adUEP OFUT YRaIg aay
ye pue suisaq ssnur ay ‘SupyeuAreu sjy2 BsuLING "wonog
ay) uo say deys pue yoeq ayy uo say Jed ‘apyas aya []B suraayo
‘ray aoviquia pue ssty Ady] "afl] [Rapuom "Suoy Jay uo say
aJETNIVISUOD OF PUNOIE PMOID sIAWes J9YyIO ay} []e ‘pautope usaq
sey ays 3U_) ‘siasUyj Jay UO ssuTI IaAC]D Ind f paomnt-Arzaq
YA a9] Jay UO suBIsap MeIp sayo Ady | ‘aanseayd peoisAyd pue

pure syeul Yi0g ‘s1A7es ;NY|Neag "Wey) jo [[e 10 Aue jo adeqUeAp
ayer Ae ays "Jue Ayqissod pjnos ays aouasjnpul Araaa YM
peluasaid Jjasiay spuly 10u0Y jo isan ay] ‘Tuaaa ay SUING,

‘saATasmay] SuOWe sUISIOINIIM asuUBYyoXe pue ‘parayo
sadeaaaq Auew ay) a3se} ‘afl] ssoUOY jo sand ay WOY seyey
areys Apsow sduinid ‘aseay pue aouep ‘odors pue wy sIapyi Ay
"ysne] pue aouep ‘Avid pue uns ssurppyryD ‘uoissed jo saweyy
ay) spaay pure sisi1yi b maiq-1Ales aul "sppoyun suruaas
ay se dIsnuz ay2 ayengound aac] jo sprom pue JaqysneT

"AYA Bulzi[eal
UdAI INOYIAM FAO] JO ‘xas ‘BulDuep O} pasnoue saajasway? puly
pure eiploses ayi jo Asroua yewid ay3 asuas Avi ‘Jamo Jo ¢ jo
ssunel Ajpeueg YIM ‘saya Maj B UTYIM ore OY speOyy "aDuep

ju Jay punose sinu jo ssupys ind pue siamoyy
YA Wey Jay aqesiooap siAyes Jeyio ayy ‘Suyreajd ayy sIaqua
ays sy "uorssao0id ay Jo pus ay 3B si IAyes BuIAp ay], -Jooy
0} DIU WO sdtpoOg Nay Jaa09 Jey] sIayAwa] pue sys parade] Ul
F AIDA eat 1 UOIssad0Id I]-Y910} B
UBIM Ulsaq S]USAd sNOIOWE]D asay} ‘P]alj 10 Isa1Oj B UI sIOOpINO
‘yaep Jeye pay Aypensp) "sururesiq] arp 0} AqeAo] saya wWayyear
pue ‘auo surAp ay? JO afi] 2yA IskO} pue Jequiawiel ‘saat; UMO
Tay) aqeiqayao siAqes "erplosen v IV "ofl] & JO pue ow syew VY
‘Tye saapy ssiAzes 0] douRdTIUBIs AIYsIaM sieAaq BIPIOZeI] ay |.
‘suideq Aqred ay],
"SWAY Ul SaTIOWSU IsaPUOJ Jay sJUBYO ays ‘I0U FI JUaWITWIUIOS
pamaual pur Ao! Jay sye3]q Usy] ays ‘a}l] Sasooy ays J] ‘paploap

i r t i:
1 7 mk
ap]gosjaquu

{
eng


CALSPHETOS:
DANKE OF D&ATH, DANKE OF LIFE

The traditional music played at a tragoidia may not
sound like all one song, but it is. It begins with the
sorrowful dirge that calls for a Banality-ridden grump to
choose between life and death. This section has no words
and is the most memorable, for it comes from the very
heart of satyr passions. Throughout the numerous move-
ments of this extended and diverse song, one chorus
repeats over and over. The actual verses of the calephetos
vary greatly, changing regularly as new ones get added
and old ones get fesgarten but the chorus remains the

frustrating. An Unseelie satyr is treated like the black sheep of
the family in a Seelie tragos, and vice versa

A tragos usually has one central place where its members
meet and hang out. This locale could be someone's home, a
freehold ora public bar. Satyrs know that they can almost always
find help, drink, fun or empathy at their home base.

The membership of some tragos is based on geographic
location; only those satyrs living in a certain area or city belong
to the tragos. Others are based on ideology or mission. These
tragos have members scattered about — around the world in
extreme cases — and usually work toward a common goal,
support one another and keep in regular contact despite the
distance.

ice pam -mates zany fight ae carry lifes long grudges against

but

same year after year: It advises th lebrate life
for soon the cycle will end. Shouts of encouragement,
usually accompanied with the raising of a glass in toast,
punctuate the lines.
The satyrs sing:
Cast off your shell.
Dance beneath the moon.
(Let's dance!)
Sing hi-dee-hi-dee-ho
and play a lively tune.
(Let's sing!)
Hear your heart pump
and feel your blood flow.
We're alive. We're in love
and dawn is coming soon.

(Let's fuck!)

TRAGOS

In the dark time of the Inquisition, satyrs found safety in
numbers. They banded together and formed troupes of traveling
musicians and actors. In those days, as they continue to do, they
protected one another from Banality's bounty hunters. These
groups became known a tags. The word "tragos" comes from
tragoidia, a form of associated with satyr
plays, and the name given to the death-dance of a satyr.

Loosely organized and overseen by one or more wizened
grumps, tragos work like extended families, although family
members come and go on a regular basis. Each has its own
method of decision-making, though many use a version of
democracy. Embracing an open-door policy, tragos welcome all

new satyts into their fold without pee judice or pa eih This
Pe Ek }

policy Seelie and U:
tend to split up into Seelie and Unseelie tragos, due to basic
philosophical differences, few ever turn away one of their own
kith merely because of her court affiliation. They realize that the
protection of their fellow fae outweighs the rivalry that exists
between the two. Nevertheless, majority tend
and a satyr in the minority finds group life more than a little

tragos

of them,
they stand together. Satyrs have an — sense of (onli to
their tragos, perhaps because tragos have historically been
crucial to satyr survival. Only under the most extreme circum-
stances will a satyr betray a tragos-mate in a life-or-death
situation. Whenever ks, kills or severely injures. a
satyr, the perpetrator can expect a visit from the other tragos
members. And it won't be pretty.

L f, ad,

1

deal ¢ of i

They have parties and make music. They have long debates and
make love. Sometimes, it seems that only a satyr can truly
understand the philosophy and feelings of another satyr. Since
these changelings get into trouble regularly and make enemies
right and left among the other Kithain, they need the under-
standing shoulders of their fellow satyrs to cry on.

NIKOS OF THE NORTH
AND HIS TRAGOS

In the mid-'70s, when people began to visit their shrinks
almost as often as they visited the bathroom, psychiatrists and
psychologists acquired a power that they did not have previ-
ously: trendiness. Clemewires "with: paiations, bosinessmett
rfelt

"abnormal" taking their — on 1 the proverbial pe to
discuss their mothers and the dreams they never even shared
with their husbands, wives, or best friends. If you didn't have a
weekly appointment with the foremost psychologist in town,
then you were a nobody.

g ] 1 f p eop le . j ] the
‘70s, and many of these doomed souls were there because they
spoke openly about their pre-Chrysalis visions and sensations.
More sane than the Banality-ridden doctors who committed
them, many mortals were incarcerated for relaying conversa-
tions with rabbits, visitations by unicorns, or other fantastic
events that they knew had happened yet refused to deny.

ith ldvsfi j ng

During this time, a particularly remarkable satyr named
Nikos of the North noticed what was happening. Nikos' lover
died when he couldn't rescue him from an asylum in time. This
incident gave Nikos a cause to swear that he would do all that
he could to save others from a similar fate. He fought his way

CHAPT&R THREE: &XPOSING OURSELVES 35


r :

ISS

»

through school to earn a doctorate in psychiatry. No small task
—he had to combat the Banality that accompanied his studies
constantly. At night, Nikos lived like a wild man in order to
offset the insidi | hat stalked him during the day. He
finally succeeded in finishing and took a job at the local mental
hospital.

ui '

Nikos then founded a unique tragos known as Hipp
Dream Warriors, or Hippies for short. Many of the satyrs in the
tragos follow in Nikos' steps with his guidance and aid, though
not all have the strength and courage to endure. Those who get
too close to slipping into the Mists during their training with-
draw from the program and become supporters for those who do
make it through.

Ca
IS

Hippies have taken positions in more than 30 mental
hospitals, institutions for the criminally insane, and rest homes
across North America. They serve as guardians in some of the
most dangerous and horrific places, watching for those who
have been committed wrongfully. They search for people who
are not crazy, but who have merely glimpsed a bit of the world's
wonder and been misunderstood.

Ct Ke
iS

The hardest part of a Hippie's quest involves determining
whether a patient is truly insane or not. This process is not
always as cut-and-dry as one might imagine, especially consid-
ering that a few weeks in a mental institution itself could drive
a perfectly sane person mad. Once a patient's sanity has been
confirmed as veritable, the guardian attempts to free her. De-
pending on a Hippie's position at the institute, this "freeing"

AS

34 KITHBOOK: SATYRS

=

might involve filling out some forms or staging a break-out.
Many Hippies go to outer limits and take extreme risks to save
people.

THE SAN FRANKIS TRAGOS

Near the San Francisco wharf, a row of converted ware-
houses line a side street. A black-walled Goth bar lurks inside
one of them, behind an unmarked door. People hear about it by
word-of-mouth, and they come in droves on the weekends to
writhe on the dance floor and drink themselves into an altered
state of cognizance. The bar is known only as "that Goth club
down by the wharf," since it has no name of its own.
in "that Goth club" have large,
p ispense French ticklers. In the
hallway, a bondage X hangs on the wall — its leather wrist and
ankle straps worn with regular use. As the patrons enter, they
pass a long counter where a Goth-child sells massage oils, body
paint, leather collars and harnesses, latex clothing and accesso-
ries, organic stimulants and fashionable condoms.

The unisex bathrooms
7 i 4 1h 1

The club has evolved from a disco den in the ‘70s to a lair
of iniquity today. It houses a tragos of Unseelie satyrs who revel
in the dar their club attracts. These satyrs in pire
the pretentious young Goths in their black leather and lace to
explore avenues of pleasure and pain that they didn't know
existed. These moon satyrs have developed a rather hard-core
S&M crowd with whom they test their own limitations.

The club has its own house band, called Deviance, that

IS

lead; j a }

plays every weekend. |
set the mood with hard-edged techno and industiial music
scooped up from _ eo anon al their souls. Deviance has
had several to leave the
club. Partying there every ee has got to be more fun than
recording and touring.

THE SD8N TRAGOS

Nestled in the Florida Keys, a beach resort/nudist colony
provides a home for the largest tragos in the world. Known as
Eden, satyrs come from all around for vacation or to live there
permanently. The resort covers 10 square miles and offers
something for every taste.

vii

Eden has its own economy, with retail and service shops of
all sorts run by residents. The Eden police and fire departments,
both volunteer forces of mortal and Kithain, keep the islan
secure, and a small hospital handles emergencies. Eden has
temporary and permanent housing and an hourly shuttle to the
mainland. Unless health or safety regul ;

anyone can perform their duties nude, and many do.

Nudity at Eden is the norm rather than the exception.
Although no one is required to take off his clothing, the option
is there. And Eden residents don't make a big deal of it either
way. Once a newcomer has been at the resort for a couple of
hours, the shock of seeing so many naked bodies performing
everyday activities wears off. People play nude volleyball, get
massages at the gym, and take mud-baths in the unisex spa.

This tropical paradise has all th dard fan
island in the Caribbean: palm trees, white beaches, blue water,
coral reefs, and lots of sunshine. Large sections of the land
remain natural and undeveloped for those guests who wish to
"rough it." One of the main attractions is Soliloquy Falls on the
south end of the island. 4 drops ag 150 feet fom the top é a
rocky cliffintoa deep, wi
rocks and swim in the ddear water, breathing in the or
perfume of tropical flowers and watching the rainbows created
in the mist rising from the waterfall.

In Eden, satyrs mingle with humansas well as other Kithain.
Most of the mortals living here or visiting Eden are dreamers
who come at the invitation of their faerie muse. A large artist's
colony occupies the northeastern corner of the island. No one
. anelacted for ay casi other than Banality. The arrival of
ut they may stay as ‘long

caus: sehen to anyone. Indeed

as they do
and recreation f.

tric of the faeries.

1

eS SPIDERWEB TA ROOM
Deena Wanna, a sluagh originally from New York,

~ eame to Eden in the early ‘90s on a short vacation and
she never left. She opened the Spiderweb Tea Room a
year later. Sluagh can share secrets while they drink
te Brose Eee) tea at the Spiderweb: Satyrs visit the
though

In des spirit of divericy,

1
Ales

not many!
the Eden Tragos gives Deena free reign over her estab-
lishment. All they ask is that she not harm anyone
without their permission.

SOCIAL GRACES

Because is thetr very natures, most satyrs don't blend well
in the stiff ir gritty sense of humor and
irreverent behavior offend noble sensibilities. Pinching the
baron's butt and peering into the countess' cleavage doesn't
Court politics
bate satyrs, cand abored d Saye can nalways find isoinieching. to live aA
things up, which i

istomar them any brow nie p

f those
— view noble gatherings asan
opportunity -_ ScOpe out potential lovers and to meddle in the
romantic business of others.

MAKHMAKSR, MAKHMAKSR

Knownas the Cyranos of the faerie kith, satyrs lend
their advice on matters of love as readily as they lift a
draught of satyr-brew to their lips. These feisty change-
lings are consummate matchmakers and always on the
lookout for love-lorn changelings and mortals. With
the intent of advancing the cause, they take on projects.
Many young changelings become indebted to satyrs
who ghost-write love poetry for them or who cleverly
arrange a coincidental meeting at ne fight place and
time. Asatyr' i
comedy as he drops well-placed rumors and carefully
manipulates affections.

THE $88L18 COURT

Defenders of the romantic, Seelie satyrs cling to the
| ,and they treat oathbreakers
and cowards with the utmost contempt. Although they do not
proclaim their honor as loudly as the sidhe or the trolls, their
philosophies parallel the Seelie Code. The preservation of
Glamour is as important to these sunshine satyrs as are their
lives.

concepts of honor

Seelie satyrs have a unique perspective of honor. They
don't care for the pomposity of chivalrous codes and knightly
ethics, but they do embrace a philosophy of respect for other

CHAPTER THREE: SXPOSING OURSELVES

37


beings. Oaths and promises are even more sacred to them than
to most other kith. For this reason, they rarely swear them. For
a satyr to promise fealty or swear an oath, she must truly mean
it. Other Kithain may stand by an oath out of a sense of honor,
but they don't always abide by it because they truly mean it in
their hearts. Sunshi vho give their word have searched
deep inside themselves, truly want the oath, and stand by it to
the end.

Many of the other kith claim that satyrs are untrustworthy
because they refuse to join oathcircles regularly. Others don't
understand the honor in the refusal and don't always appreciate
the importance when a satyr does swear an oath. Satyrs them-
selves rarely request an oath from another changeling, be it the
Oath of Clasped Hands, the Oath of Truehearts, or any other.
Tragos are never bound together by such promises of loyalty.
Satyrs feel that being oathbound to another is like having a part
of their freedom, which they love more than anything, taken
away. Repudiation is the more honorable choice.

Love is a motivating force for these Kithain. They believe
in true love with utmost sincerity and spend most of their lives
seeking it and encouraging it in others. Satyrs may go through
many lovers in a very brief time in their quest for their one true
love. Any wrong can be forgiven when committed for true love.
Where satyr love goes, sex follows close behind, although this
correlation is not always the case. Despite what other kith say
about them, many Seelie satyrs prefer the surge of love to the
tush of sex and oftentimes have the most passionate platonic
relationships.

Each of the f.

pli to satyr:

kith has its own definition of beauty. The
find beauty in the
curve of an ear or the crystalline structure of a freehold, and a
nocker may gaze in wonder at a chimerical canon, a satyr tends
to seek beauty in more earthly places. The glimmer of sweat
between his lover's k d

Wh } re

y draw a sigh; the creamy head on
a fresh glass of satyr-brew may make him smile. The skipping
dance of musical notes as they flow from his flute may carry him
away and the laughter of a faun may make him pause in his
conversation. Satyrs revere these things. Though their defini-
tion of beauty may differ from that of the other kith, satyrs are
no less dedicated to its protection and appreciation.

Long in memory and honest gratitude, satyrs never forget a
debt. Though they interpret the Seelie Code a bit more liberally
than some of the other kith do, they always return a favor with
a favor. Satyrs do not do this, however, out of a sense of
responsibility, but out of a good-natured desire to return a
kindness. A satyr very seldom repays a debt with the same gift
that was given. They do not feel obligated to speak an oath that
they did not request, however, they find some other way to
acknowledge and reciprocate the act.

By the same token, satyrs return a slight with a slight. Their
vengeance is immediate and poignant. They don't bother with
grudges that last: Life is too short. Seelie satyrs instead enact
their revenge and then their anger is put aside. Creative and
without csoition, satyr counter-strikes usually involve the

f their target and hit very especially

38 KITHBOOK: SATYRS

when the object of their ire has fragile sensibilities.

Of course, all satyrs are individuals and their personalities
vary greatly. Knightly satyrs exist, as do those interested in
courtly politics. They may in their own ways,
but when it comes down to bare ewes, Seelie satyrs all follow
the same principles of respect, freedom and honesty.

THE UNSS8L1£ OURT

Moon satyrs have chosen the dark path that leads to the
exploration of their passions. Much more deviant than their
Seelie cousins, they do not prescribe to manners, tact, or
restraint. Unseelie satyrs can be quite dangerous due to their
primal natures. If they see something they want, they take it and
tohell with nthe process. Driven by urges
that rise up from deep within re they exercise little control
over thes tanpnlses and lee their passians move Hiei The

seek only Pp OWE

and second gratification. The Dreaming has turned its back on
them and now it's every satyr for himself. Glamour, to these
Kithain, holds no special significance except as a means to an
end, | goals being aia and power.

bout the Unseelie Code,
font they conn follow the philosophies behind it. With-
out actually claiming any form of allegiance to the code, they
uphold and propagate it. They believe that the ability to adapt
and change is crucial to their survival. Abhorring weakness and
cowardice of any sort, Unseelie satyrs often inject chaos where
it does not exist normally. They gain enormous pleasure from
watching other changelings fail to rise to the challenge. Al-
though they don't put it into words, they seem to feel that it is
their duty to test and teach their fellow faeries about adversity,
danger and loss. Moon satyrs know that nothing lasts forever
and enjoy making sure that others find this out as well.

As longs there are mortals, there will be Glamour galore.
Unseelie satyrs have acquired an attitude of superiority with
regard to mortals. They view mortals like mortals view cows,
nothing more than a source of the sweetest cream for their
consumption. They tip them over in the fields when bored and
steal their Glamour when they feel the urge.

Unseelie contempt for the concept of honor is strong
among these satyrs. They have no need for rules or chivalric
codes to know how to act. They scorn honor, which they view
as an attempt by the Seelie nobility to control their behavior,
and choose pure freedom he false fi iby the
Seelie Kithain. Independent to the extreme, Unseelie satyrs
listen only to their instincts and keep self-preservation at the
top of their list of goals. Moon satyrs are even less likely to take
an oath than Seelie satyrs. Although more than honor binds a
changeling to her oath, these promises are founded on a prin-
ciple of giving. Compromise is unacceptable. For this reason,
few Unseelie satyrs stay with Seelie tragos for long. Their own
tragos form out of the need for protection from Banality. Even
Unseelie satyrs, who are basically social creatures, need the
company of their fellow fae to hold back the dark tide that is
spreading across the worl


ko

Free spirits, these satyrs live via their passions. Thus, they to explore their passions. Many are drawn in by the secretive

take each moment ata time and follow their i nature of the court, like moths toa flame. They enjoy being part
what the consequences. Philosophically, they believe thattodo of such a sinister, subversive group.
otherwise is to deny their very being. To live by rules imposed Contrary to what its critics say, the Shadow Court encour-

on them is to betray themselves. Unseelie satyrs claim that the ages its satyrs to push the limits of their passions. Thus, court
only true guide down the right path is their primal instinct and _ satyrs follow their instincts with total abandon, often on the

all else isa lie. Freedom comes with the release ofall inhibition, verge on the loss of reason and living in a perpetual Living Time.

fear and conscience. Death, so unpredictable, cuts life shortno These changelings are among the most dangerous of all the fae,

matter when it comes, so Unseelie satyrs try tocramas muchas _ forthey abide by | dd know ing of mercy
]

possible into what little time they |

y or restraint. Some of the more blatant breaches of the Escheat
to do the same. Nothing else matters. They have no sympathy are often traced back to these wild creatures.

for those who do not play by the same rules. OPINIONS TA Ks ‘<M OR LEAVE ‘$M
, A , h- WY 7 EN S
THE SHAD OW Ou RT Satyrs freely offer their opinions about everything. They

Most Unseelie satyrs who know that the Shadow Court are among the most opinionated of all the changeling kith.
exists see it as just another group of nobles trying to tell them —_ Satyrs judge their fellow fae by physical attractiveness, sense of
how to behave. They discount this court as just another feeble | humor, wit, and tolerance. Their live-and-let-li
attempt to take over the fae and rule them with regulations them to ignore those kith who annoy them or fall short in their
designed to suit the court's needs. Unseelie satyrs ignore the — eyes. Why bother with the throw-backs when there are so many
Shadow Court as they go about their own concern of self- beautiful catches to be had?

gratification. ; = é

A few satyrs, however, have become involved in the politi- BOGGANS
cal maneuverings of the Shadow Court. They participate only Industrious to a fault, boggans have little patience for p
because it allows them to pursue their particular dark passions _ a fact that satyrs find somewhat disturbing. Satyrs sit back and
more easily — with a chaotic cause to sweeten the pot. Moon _ watchas the chubby little homebodies flit here and there getting
satyrs with a penchant for assassination, thievery, and black things done. Whenever a boggan passes by, satyrs cross their
intrigue join the Shadow Court for th itgivesthem _ fingers and whisper a tongue-in-cheek protection against the

b

lead

ay,

bE

PTS

SR THREE: EXPOSING OLIRSELVES 39 YR

oo,

a
"18
ip
rs


‘goualiedxe Jo ainqUaApe JO} artsap Aue
Jo INO Jou pur JUaIayIp SuUIaq Jo ayes dy] OJ AJaIaW JUAIAYIp 3q
02 syaas ay aouts ‘wry jo UoTutdo 14Qes aster 1 Usaop dads Uap
-uadapul s,Jay50u & UsAg ‘Ase Way] saxew ATUO aauUeTOI JO
unj YIM Jayoou kB WeNsIp 0} Adwane Asy? vay od Ady] YDRIY
aU L ‘s]]Ys eATUAIAI-yeue Tayp Jo No Wat? sulag OF AN 07 ayIOG
},Uop puke siayou uo dn uaats savy sidzes aurysung ‘aydoad
0} uoTUSNIe a0 SuIAed aq pynoys Ady] Udy ssuTy} UAT aut}

yey} [29 Aa? ‘suOTIBAID s,Jaysou kv ul uoTssed

7. 14;

nay
sl a1ayi wey] aztpead ABU p IY eID P I
Ady ysnoylpy "Wey? UO ISO] SI sJaspes YM UOHeUTISEY S1oxDOU
ay} pue sauryseul ul anjea SuTweepel ayy puy sAJBS

SABDDON

-gsuajeid pue aduatosu05
[Je Jo uopuege arajduio3 Mayi Jo} nyse atpaasuA, aya eATWpe
at {NOD UT szeas B]GOU ayi SUNSAOD ayIYM Wopeay soeIquia
0} puajeid Ayuo nysa aljaeg yey wep Aeyi Yysnoypy "aey
DOXS asayi YIM INE] yONu puy siAqes a1jaasuP] Op JON

UBS

"UOUUIOD UT [Bap IeaIs B aARY
siA7es pure nyse oy ‘shem Aue Ul Jayip yiog Aayi ysnoy | ‘siAqes
YPM pUog JayIOUR Woy] saats sOUNSU IYI MOT[O} 0} ssou
-BUTT]IM Taya pue Aunsap tay? Ul ype} s,nyse ayy ‘q1owNyUNy
"s1A2eS BY] 0] Woy) pelRapus sey IYI Je} B "YIP] Joyo Aue
ueyl Janaq Aydosopryd 1 js9 dy], ‘santpeuosiad
ney jo jadse soyjo Aue uey? Apaatoaye soul JaYyIEs0] Way)
SMBIP I] "WOPIaI} :aAo] UOWWOD B areBYs sIAJes puke NYysy

"‘SulyA apoym
ay) reoy 0] ysnous suo] [Ms us Ajares ued Aay? Ysnoyy "AryIge
BurjayAiois snysa eyi Aofua sidqes ‘uonIppe uy "Weweioxe
JO Yozeas Ul punore Wayi MO]]OJ UDdYO ][]IM pue nysa Joj UOT
BUILDS} B JO TRYMAWOS aAvy SIAIVS "sIBaA JO} pUNOsar IYI Sayed
umeds Ayqeimeaul YIy OA] asaya ‘stauyed surpaaen sy "ung jo
BAG] S$. 1AIes ay] YAM ApDa}ad spuayq WWaWaioXe pue sinquaape
‘JaABI JO dao] s.nyse sy] "AY syzeds Gea YI omg asoyr
Udy A\ ‘SMOT][A}-paq SUNsataIUT ayeUI Nyse pure s1AQes a1]29G

hs3
"wou yas n
JOY) Ng ‘pueqesUOd JayIO puke UOTeULIOJUT UT [Rap Aaya "aye
s1A7es 0] YON Jayjo 1,Uop suessog aljaesuy) ‘dnoo Jofew e si paq
OJ! URSZOg d!]9ac B 2dNpas O} puke ‘Way SUIUSWIO} Ul ainseayd
qeai8 ayel sidIes UOC "sadURApe PUP soINjsaz ‘s}UDUTOD apni
YM yom s,ues30q rs} IqanysIp sul Ay Tes se aqinb surypou sI
aay | ‘WUeuesnule f uey) IsY, qul samtyenb
sulwWaapel ou pul Ay | ‘Op SUISNOD aljaag JlaYyI UR] ae} asay
Jo} jadsar ssa] UdAd aAvy ‘Aysuisiidins ‘s1Ayes atjaasuc)
-Q0uRUIO1

Ayareq
I 17:

jo asned ay] saying pue Ayjenquaae jasIe}] si] sayoeel pIOM
pooed-yjam yy ‘alum 0} sia] adeINOIUA 0} S[OO} sB BATas UDIJO
suess0q ‘Way 0} jaquy "ssul ouUeWIOI Tay}
UI pre 02 siownd peaids 0} siseq JejNSai v UO YI asn Aay] yIOMIOU
dissos uessog ay3 jo ATIIN ay} oziyead siAqes ‘ssaTayaAaN
(3JeS UL] "$9009 ON,,
‘A]JUASITIP Os YOM 01 ssUTasueYS asay2 sasned JY UOTseIUOS

Sg

SES

ISS

Q

oi
A

SS

Dia

>


ability and
own a nocker- made lyre, drum or nine is a thing of pride.
Instruments created by faeries of this kith can take whatever
punishment a satyr inflicts upon it and still retain its perfect
tone. A satyr does nearly anything in order to possess such a
treasure.

Only one thing asics nockers i in the eyes of satyrs: their
To

Amana moon satyrs, nockers have a reputation as stodgy

hat make great target practice. These satyrs haven't

been turned off by nocker reactions to their torment, but rather

find encouragement in how easily they can rile one up. Seelie

nockers seem particularly easy to anger with their pretentious

pride and styling, whereas Unseelie nockers sometimes enjoy

the games satyrs play with them. Teasing an Unseelie nocker

can prove to be dangerous, though few satyrs pass up the
opportunity.

POOKA

Satyrs have an odd love-hate relationship with pooka.
They appreciate a pooka's carefree attitude and love of fun,
however, they find pos qpence confusing oer! annoying.
Trying to figure out what af his
mouth frustrates satyrs. They don't want to work that hard.
With each passing moment, his patience dwindles. Pooka sense
1, thus the two. Most

undiscerning. Subtlety is lost on the members of this kith anda
satyr': i { 2 +t 1 a3 A es
nal suggestions. It takes all the fun out of the game when you
have to hit your target over the head with a mallet to get them
to realize that you're trying to help them become fulfilled
romantically.

There is partying, and then there is partying with a redcap.
Unseelie satyrs, unlike their sunshine cousins, appreciate the
redcaps' violent streak. Their interest in members of this kith
often verges on obsession as they try to emulate the abandon
with which redcaps act. They wonder what it would be like to
bite the top off a bottle beer and swallow the glass, though few
dare to attempt it.

SIDHE

The beauty of the sidhe calls to satyr hearts like sweet
pollen attracts a bee. Despite themselves, Seelie satyrs find it
aiiowis to resist sidhe nobility, gum and physical perfection.

between dignite a whole city.
As different as they are in philosophy and goals, or perhaps
because of that, they find themselves magnetically attracted to
one sesotdier!

j 4 +} idh } the

sich itis satya, ee) satyrs spend chieit lives trying to

satyrs and pooka alike find it best to jut avoid one another.

Though satyrs never admit it, they have always been
somewhat jealous of the pooka ability to shapechange. Caught
between forms, satyrs have often theorized that, in the most
ancient days, they may have had the ability but lost it some-
where along the way. Among tl bid believers, there are
those who claim that the pooka stole the satyrs' shapechanging
magic. Of course, most satyrs think this is goat crap.

The Unseelie view pooka as toys brought into the world for
their own amusement, especially the cute and cuddly Seelie
ones. To pluck the whiskers from a rabbit pooka, or introduce a
cat pooka to the joys of tail-swinging.... Now, that's fun. Moon
saris don't even care for Unseelie pooka. These dark change-
f humor, yes, but they haven't mastered
" art of violence for ie os = Vv a The sorrow that lurks
just under the hey see it as
a form of weakness that ts wergeling kith never quite breaks
free of their sadness in order to openly experience joy.

RED<APS

These violent changelings unnerve sunshine satyrs. They
belong to the only kith whose passions run deeper and more
primal than the satyrs' own. Because of this, they hold a certain
fascination for satyrs. When partying, satyrs keep a wary eye on
redcaps, especially when the Gift of Pan sings through their
music. Only Zeus knows what effect it has on them.

Although they give redcaps a wide berth, satyr eyes often
stray to these enigmatic Kithain. Many Seelie satyrs wish
secretly that they could live as freely, without care for the
opinions of others, and yet they view redcaps as crass and

ey Finn, tono avail; they cannot
comprehend the noble responsiblity that weighs so heavily

nor, do they . Allsatyrs truly want
is to be allowed to look at them sad maybe sleep in their beds
from time to time.

From the U
whose affections are there ‘for the manipulating. Even moon
satyrs very seldom take advantage of the attraction between
their own kith and the sidhe in order to control courtly politics,
however. Pyhtics stand secondary to ite satisfaction of making

A A dh

asidhe cry; th y run down that
perfect cheek. In Wnseelie sidhe, on nthe other feed dec satyrs
find their match. These faeries t be brol ly as the
others. Rather, they dish it out as readily as their satyr lovers.

SLUAGH

Satyrs, Naceieaoa of Be es — sae little i = "wil
mon with this ki h lurk inst

a warped ba of fun. Rarely do satyrs set their romantic
sights on a sluagh, though it has been known to happen. Some
patient satyrs can bring the sluagh from their hiding places to
share in excellent conversation, though this is very uncommon.
More often than not, the satyr has some information that the
sluagh wants and the friendship ends once she gets it.

Because these two kith remain so removed from one an-
other, satyrs feel little antagonism toward sluagh. Only in rare
seeneenpi ir res have tnatted heads or inadvertently aided
give the other a second
thought. sae avoid ciziing their pranks and fun-loving ways
on the sluagh, not because they fear repercussions, rather,
because they get such unsatisfactory responses from the creepy

CHAPTER THREE: &XPOSING OURSELVES 4]


we
e

changelings. Every once in a while, a satyr finds herself fasci-
nated by the font of knowledge that sluagh seem to have.
Unfortunately, she is usually sorely disappointed when the
sluagh doesn't share hi dily as the satyr would like.

Unseeli lintheir ion, whereas Unseelie
sluagh revel in their isolation. This difference creates a basic
conflict between the two. Moon satyrs find the sluagh revolting,
although their revulsion, in and of itself, has the effect of
drawing satyr attention to the sluagh. They watch these shad-
owy Kithain from a distance, never daring to get too close, but
fascinated to see what the sluagh pulls out of their sleeves next.

TROLLS

The unyielding nature of trolls offends satyr sensibilities.
Seelie satyrs find troll self-righteousness distasteful. Honor is
one thing, but when ach li around with her nose in
the air because her id higher tk y lse's, there's
a problem. The one saving grace is that trolls deserve the right
to act mightier-than-thou, because they are. Despite their
tightness, their lack of emotion and their superior attitudes,
trolls have earned the respect of the satyr kith.

UY

AW

Olah

>)

Satyrs actually place trolls above all other kith aside from
their own. They know better than to press their luck when
teasing a troll and, out of respect, keep their fun at the expense
of these great warriors toa minimum. They attempt to emulate
the trolls' courage and follow a troll into battle without a second
thought. If only the big lugs loosened up a bit and learned to
have some fun, they might find that they could learn something
from satyrs as well.

Unseelie satyrs cannot see past the stuffy exterior to the
passion that boils inside Seelie trolls. They don't even appreci-
ate a troll's lack of fear because, as they say, it's only another
symptom of their emptiness and lack of emotion. To them, a
Seelie troll is nothing more than a lackey for whatever noble she
serves. The same holds true for Unseelie trolls.

GALLAIN

Satyr opinions vary severely — between individuals and
depending on what day it is. The only constant is the satyr's
willingness to express them at every opportunity, sometimes
without being asked and certainly without filtering. As a satyr
enters her grump years, her feelings become tempered by knowl-
he opini sed below

edge and wisdom. For this reason, P 5 ie
are from a Seelie grump perspective. Wilders and childlings
Joubtedly j bei arshly, as Unseelie satyrs

y juage these

do.

NUNN&HI

From the beginning, satyrs | | preferred the forest
and open spaces to cities. This propensity has brought them in
contact with the Nunnehi on many occasions. Fortunately for
Il {them to remain at peace with
the Native American changelings. Primary among these factors
is the satyr connection to nature. Their love of the land and its
creatures forged a link between them and the Nunnehi that the

them, several factors h

SSSI

al

other kith have never shared. Satyrs always work hard to
preserve the natural landscape rather than tear it down to build
scandalous structures. Naked and primal, satyrs live as the
Nunnehi themselves do, in harmony with the wild.

Because satyrs prefer to live in groups also contributed to
the ease of their relations with the Nunnehi. They didn't take
up much space. Although they often moved in and squatted on
Nunnehi territory, they rarely took more than one small grove
in the forest, which went a long way toward smoothing ruffled
feathers. Satyrs h l d that sey are the inter-
lopers. When sheynroved ran G he British Isles, it was
the same. Arriving in the west, they advanced slisely and

carefully and slipped i |
sively as possible.
J a 1 j > Lh

lorder of

Lastly

remain neutral in the war with fire Nunnehi. They fight only to
preset themselves and even = 2 in support of the native

vhenever they f ion by the
European onion. All. creatures, in their apinitons, doves to
live freely as they ewe: At times, this belief created tension
between th but = = by —_ gaat.
Still, they
with the Nunnehi neutral so that foey ed neither —

SELKISS

Satyrs

yg 1

being firm | 1-lubb ts, have had littl with
selkies. From time to time, however, these enigmatic Gallain
pull a drenched and drowning satyr from the ocean, thus,
indebting the satyr to them. These incidents have instilled a
deep respect in satyrs for these water-loving fae. An unspoken
agreement exists between them and most satyrs aid the selkies
whenever the situation arises.

Although the two kith have few things in common, they do
share a love for nature. More often than not, they run into one
another at the shore while responding to an ecological disaster.
Satyrs find the selkies extremely interesting in the way one finds
a tiger engaging. Satyrs not only macmeiias the strength and
wisdom of the selkies, but they al the very qualities
that make them attractive at the same time make them danger-
ous.

INANIMAS

Satyrs have a long history with nymphs, dryads and other
Inanimae. For centuries, satyrs have mingled with these beauti-
ful creatures of nature, making friends and enemies, in the hills
of Greece and in the forests of the British Isles. They share a
certain fondness for one another and indubitably rise up to the
other's defense.

With this history, however, also comes some issues. More
than one tale tells of how a satyr rejected a nymph or dryad's
advances. The Inanimae, if nothing else, never forget a slight
and never miss an opportunity for revenge. A satyr who runs
aes a SpESED fon exanngl, must lert for signs that the

| ATYT I fc Other-
wise, she might find herself hanging from a giant oak tree or
drawn into the murky waters of a lake.

PRODIGALS
VAMPIRES

These vile creatures drink blood, and as if that weren't
enough, they're dead. Satyrs avoid the Kindred like the plague
they are. Anythi i-life and anti-freed
A lots

hungry, manipulating, political bast
of the illness eating away at the world. Even the worst of the
Unseelie kith do not compare in foulness to the walking undead
that feed on mortals. Satyrs find no redeeming quality in
vampires whatsoever. They take any opportunity to disgrace,
harm or even destroy them, though they understand the danger
in doing so. Vampires are an affront to all that satyrs believe in

and hold dear.

WEREWOLVES

Satyrs have long been aware of the existence of the Garou
and work in concert with them to protect the wilds, that which
the werewolves call Gaia. In particular, satyrs have a special
connection with the Fianna; they learned of them shortly after
their move from Greece to the British Isles. Satyrs understand
the primal nature of Garou better than any of the other kith and
thus understand the danger that an enraged werewolf presents
to all in its path. They treat these prodigals with the utmost
respect, unless they are partying together, in which case, all bets
are off.

MAGES

As with the Garou, satyrs first met the Verbena among the
rolling hills of the British Isles, though for a long time, they did
not understand that these mages represented more than just
high priests and priestesses of the mortal tribes. Magick means
nothing to satyrs, since they define it as cantrips that mortals
have learned to cast. It gives them hope that such people have
learned to use Glamour, rather than denying it out of existence.
Satyrs remain relatively ignorant of mages and their ways, since
even the most friendly of the Verbena spend far too much time
in their chantries.

WRAITHS

~~ poor souls HEVEFRIOVE GP. to whiere they should, and
ooking forthe

theyfi

life they lost and now regter. Satyrs a t find it terribly
surprising that dto them, considering
the fact that satyrs live their own lives so fully. It saddens the
changelings that someone died without having finished their
life's goals, but their own helplessness makes them put it out of
their minds and move on. Besides, they don't mind an audience
and if th gh ff vicariou ly ur hrougha living being, then
who betier to dhoase than a satyr?



ro BD

: D

2. s » ome

tl

Return, I implore thee, clad in thy milk-white tunic. Ah, what intense
desire attends thy beauteous form. No woman could not but tremble at its
seduction.

— Sappho, Grecian poetess, called "The Tenth Muse" by her

oe GUILE GSNTRY

Throughout the ages, many satyrs have left their mark on
the world, both figuratively and literally, but few have had their
tales spread as widely as Guile Gentry. This rambunctious wilder
lives by a rather ribald code of ethics that lands him in some
interesting situations with the most unexpected partners. Guile
has broken hearts in every court he has ever visited, including
that of (or so it is rumored) the famous troll warrior Déanna ap
Gwydion, the feared Unseelie sluagh Cora Crankiss, and even
the snooty Sir Prime, who is High King David's special sidhe
emissary to the Kingdom of the White Sands.

Guile's Casanova-esque ways have earned him the nick-
name "Firestarter," for wherever he goes, he ignites desire and
the situation usually turns ugly. He bears the nickname with
pride and endeavors to live up to it whenever possible. Guile has
honed the art of courting toa razor-sharp edge and wields it with
panache and extreme efficiency. With this talent, he slices ope
the target of his affections so that he can play with their inner-

most feelings. Guile's p Icod distic, but Guile
believes in it purely. He is convinced that in order for a person
to truly appreciate love, one must experi loss. Thus, he woos
hi il theyh deep and needy love for him, then

ed 98 without warning or sympathy, he leaves them outright. Yet,
Guile insists that he is providing a great service to his fellow fae.

CHAPTE&R FOUR: SATYRS OF RENOWN 45


-Oay] shosasuep ay} pue suesul Ajn4z] ay] Jo sureaIp SuTUAIYSLy
ayy saariq ‘saiddipy io ‘suenessoddipy moyjay Jey ayy] ys
kins ueyy asSIOM. oe} eB woly STeuBaip yeytour pue ssuljasueyo
y wiles ‘aduTs sivad ay] UY

1
"‘SUIBAIC] BY] JO JOIeM B sem dys Tey} aspayMouy ay

Aq dyuo pouarysi] sem Arastw Joy ‘uoTN sul [eTUaW apIVaS B
Ul YIOM 02 sOSEN Jay Yay Uey? ays puyy "ABojoypAsd ul ayeI10190p
iy yum Aypeuy pampes wes het cdeptaatas ysnoryy peaylej

SUALVS OOH LD! Wy

JO} BAO] sty YY) siedk AUBU JO] SIOMS SOYIN "YIU 01 9d1OA
Japaneag e& pue Juaye] pey ay 1oJ ‘oIsnur Apmas 01 saqeIg patuy,
ay 0} awioD pey UaloNy] ‘aduRIy ‘auUIEoN] Wo UeW BuNoA
aatoedye ue ‘xneatUOPY UaIONT YA Ac] UT [AJ aH :punore
ay] SHY paumi OYM suOaUIOS Ja SOFIN, [UN ‘ATaIUYaput
qsourye ‘siesdiyD siy jo nd Jeyzny Jayew aafqns ay jo
Aqypeueg ay] ‘sasinoo sly Ysnosy? Wy sAo4p Ja1aq ay} 10} pjiom
ay esayyp 0] allsap BuONs Y ‘pasayns Jayiey pue Jayiow sty

joasnesaq ASojoyssd joppyay A

MIO" peo]
serie) Jay jo —— 399fqns jeueq ay azidsap 99k] Ul nowy
Jay jday yeyA Aryensuas jo weans sulpus-Iaaau eB UT sale
Jay ym padeyd pue padwo ays ‘suiApnis iusem ays Uday
‘spuayaem pure ssuluaag "sose1] Jay jo siaquaw Jeyjo yeIaAes
WIM suoje AVIsIaATup), proyueis ye ABojoypAsd parpnys wes
‘slo A\ Weaiq saeioddipy Jo Jusurwod sow ay awosaq
02 Ayyenquaaa sdais}oo} sty Ul pamo]]o} ays pue JOJUSUI s,uIeS
aWBd9q SOFYIN "YON sy] JO SON "Ales B osye sem aE] "pey
Joop snotaad Jay uey} Ajareindoe a10w ,,Waygoid,, ay pasou
-BeIp istsojoyoAsd mau swies ‘AjayeUNIIOJ JAX "[eudsoy [eyuaut
pare ayy ie wersoid uoenyiqeyal snip & Ul Jay papuRy UoTRaI
quanbasqns Jay pue ewinen sy ‘AjaqeunjoyuUQ, ‘JooyDs Ysry
UL aTTYM ‘ewOU UY} Ja1e] stTesAIyD Jay paduatiedxa wes

VHLNIVHWYVS >O<

"sjeos pue
UOISIA sIY pareys OYM s1ATes JO — sow A\ Weoiq soreidoddipy
— so8e1] UMO STY PALO} SOF ‘OUI BAO pur ‘uN]Ase [edo] ay
ul Sunyom gol e paidasoe pure AyjeuY aaisap sty 108 ap "Ajald0s
,{ewiou,, out Hy 1, upip Aaya asnedaq azatp padden ssurasueyp
jo Jaquinu aya pur ‘esoaiau ap ‘SeOREpaCD aul ye pozeure sem
BA | SOFIN ‘astMlayio
Be) Ayjemmapiose "paaieuonnayasu "gut099q Tysiw OYM sIeyIo
Aue 3a1f 0] ]2OS sty 1 aye OF PaMoA sOYIN ‘aw Ul UsIONT]
djay 10 puly 1 UpjNos ay IY? payOPY "Jeaaioj ayy] sry pasueyo
‘snyi ‘pue Ajdaap soxIN papunoa 19A0] siy JO sso] ay]

‘rayearoy}
Ajzioys Uo passed [Nos al1ae} SIP] "[RAdI01 puodag rey Aqruesul
Jeuow orur pue sisiy ay our paddys pey ay ‘uy payovai
Aayi au atp Ag ‘wry puly ppnos sayewl-sosen sty jo Aue a1ojaq
syseM aoIY 10} a1ay padeas ay "unjAse auesul ue uy dn payso]
pue paddeupry sem uarony ‘den Janis eB jo wa ayy
‘urerunec] B JO spuey aya ye aon] Jo ywap J18eN ay] YN
spua 1 ‘AjajeunqojUp ‘WwopsuLy alieey ay] Inoysnomp peaids
sey pareys Ady ado] ay pure ‘aduRUIOI Tayi ‘omy ay Jo Atojs
ayy ‘stpesAry sry Ysnory] wry paps uation] pue ustwi avy sry
0} pauaxeMe somN| loys uy ‘uo JUaWIOW 1eYI Woy ayqeredasuy
| Ast pure Joul Yi) Moy J"
ul asnf surpping quawazede sry yay "Ales ay] ‘uatonT $ uaton]
jo puany eyood e Aq panods uaaq pey ay ‘Ajaqeunqioj

‘pardalap ‘08 01 pauina apy ‘punom yesisdyd
B AY] SSO] ay Ie} SOYIN ‘paddors sisnwa ay ua' ‘Jus
-JapuOM UT Sutuaasy] isn{ ‘MOY Ue IO} MOPUTA sy] apisino poors
ay ‘sulsuis pue oueid sured sea uaiony] aay Mopuray uado
ue Aq Sune sem ay se punos yeoiseu ysour ‘saind ayi preay
ay Ie] shes SOFIN "JOU UaAa OM] BY] a1OJaq pawoo]q uatNT]

eer L + vr mS "t
arayat ‘ada]joo deo i AA SONI
‘read JoTUas sty suing "stpeshay) soy! " seyap 0} penuluod
ssurlpunouns sty jo Ayyeueg ysry ay ‘Aqaqnd ysnoiy yl

"sOBRI SITY WO} O] papoau oy
uolepuno} ay} SOFIN aavs Aypenquaaa AqAnisod sty] ‘ayioue
9U0 JO} a1ay] Sula jo YOduT ay] pue Weal B se 1841980) SUDZIOM
jo Jamod yenuaiod ay] wey] Woy peureay] apy "AjZeap SKE
pur siayji04g sty peao] SOFTN *SYDVUIOIs 9YI UI p
payxIOA pure Jooyps 0} JUaM ‘UaIpTTyD raduNoA xD pastes ‘esnog

aya punore padyay ssuryqis sty Jo ][y ‘SOFIN ueY? Japjo sread TT]
Ajzeau sem Asap]? aul "oy ueyl tap]o IIe "S19]SIS OMIP
INO} sty JO} Usaq JOU peY I F1 YINOA sty Ul Apwais pasayns aavy

rh PINE t Ls 5 Cr reget t 1
JO PyEye ap sem apy "Aqiaaod uy dn mars soxIN ‘BOIS BACK Jo
sayoeal WayiOU su} Ut Ape} UBDLTAUTY SABN B 0} WIOg

HINON 3H1 40 SOIIN

‘JRamsiaq iq ATNJIapuom os sanjuaape
Mau sTY JO Yoee sayxew yey ured SuasuT] ayI aq Isnw I] UEYA
‘andi SI SITY] J] "SUOTIasse asay] aINyar 10 aBpa]MOouyde 0} sasnjet
apn YBnoyy "WaeIsaL si JATes sty Jey? UNITS Nysa AUBYY "SAC]
iso] Aq paplalp Weay & Ul padleouod UOIssTUT B YM aWOY Ye]
1Ajes ay] ‘Aep 3X9U ay UY ‘sadatd om] Ul — sUOIM payeay 1 Os
‘Qaoidul] 1eay sTY 32] O] pasnjar ay ‘aw [NJMoLOs sty] SULINC]
‘potew Ady pey Jaco] sty YAM Usaq aaey pynom ay aw
oy — Aep e pure Jead & Io} pauMow IAzes ay} ‘ayeI ay} UT "WY
I Jen sty uayM om] UT ATaIa]duIOD ayoIg JeayY sTY IYI aao]
1Aqes SUNOA B JO AIO}s BY ]]93 NYsa dy],


through his park late at night. Then he met Giselle.

@,

%

Giselle, a Seelie satyr, stole Rabid Frank's heart. He fol-
lowed her unseen for months and her beauty tamed the beast in
him. When he gathered tl ge to finally approach Giselle,
head inhi her over. She, attracted by his pure

Saat
SS

7

raw energy, allowed him to court her and, on one cold, starry
night in the park, they became lovers. Still, he and Giselle had
too many differences. She dressed in silks and played courtier to
the baron. Frank lived in an abandoned sewer entry tunnel,
didn't dress at all and ide hi |
turned his violent d
trying to ease his frustration in amanner that pleased Giselle —
but the stories of his rages and uncontrollable urges continued
to spread.

AVS
eA

yD
RE

1 1 itt
lost the beast
tad Joa]

1 he

sate ai]
criminals,

Now in his grump years, Rabid Frank has calmed some-
what, though he and Giselle still lead separate lives. They meet
every Friday at midnight under the giant oak in the park. They
romp and talk and play until dawn, neither one mentioning the
creaks in Frank's joints and bones nor the distance that some-

times slips across his eyes. They both know
Ce that, someday soon, Giselle will wait alone
beneath the giant oak.

ties of the psychiatrists in order to rescue those like herself,

whose only the world's more magical aspects.

Sam takes her responsibilities very seriously, including that
she must pursue her own passions all the more actively in
order to stave off the Banality that threatens her continuy $e
ously. She lives on the edge, fighting nervosa by day and o>"
dancing, singing and making love by night. The legends
of Sam's deeds continue to expand and inspire others to
greatness.

RABID FRANK

On chill Autumn nights, childlings gather
around the balefires to hear spooky stories that
make them gasp, shriek and giggle with ti
nervous tension and fear. Few of these
stories make them glance over their
shoulders like the ones about Rabid
Frank do. His legend has spread far
and wide.

| In a park in New York, Rabid
Frank supposedly stalks the night looking for vic-
tims. If the tales are correct, he eats children, tears
joggers limb from limb and rapes at least one
| woman each night. Of course, the stories exagger-
ate a bit, though they succeed in their goal of
warning childlings away from the dan-
gerous places in the city.

It is true that, in his prime, fA
the Unseelie satyr took bestial
pleasure in terrorizing lone run-
ners, frightening secretaries who chose short-
cuts to get home, and harassing anyone else wandering

CHAPTER FOUR: SATYRS OF RENOWN 4]

&

=

JASON "WALKIN" CAM&RON

One remarkable grump satyr oversees the Eden Tragos. He
got his nickname from a phrase he uses to describe himself; he
says that he's a "walkin', falkin', jive-talkin' bad-ass." His fellow
tragos-mates respect him enormously and go we the wire for him
without asecond thought. Walki idea of the Eden
resort in 1976 and funded the puechase of the island later that
decade. Ever since, he has been the motivating force behind
Eden. Residents of Eden attribute the origin of the phrase
"Edenistic philosophy" to Walkin. It means to always live life on
the edge, to push for perfection, without fear and without
inhibition. An important aspect of the Edenistic philosophy,
however, involves mutual consent. Walkin may try anything
once, but he does nothing against the will of another. He says
that this one distinction separates the philosophy from hedo-
nism.

Walkin celebrated his 55th birthday recently. For some
time, he has felt his grump years weighing on him. Only his
residence it hea wee has kept - iam slipping =e the Mists.

en and it kee ep
away. Many of his tragos-mates eye him with ol however,
they know that before long, the old graybeard will call for his
tragoidia.

$IR $TA SUNBEAM,
THE GIANT SLAY&R

Eta grew up in a small, rural town in the Midwest and
experienced her Chrysalis at eight-years old. She came from a
family of strong women and, encouraged by her mortal mother,
adopted a feminist philosophy before she was even old enough

48 KITHBOOK: SATYRS

to date. Especially talented in athletics and armed melee, Eta
learned quickly from her mentor and was soon teaching wilders
older than herself how to fight with a sword. Her changeling
friends and the other satyrs in her tragos praised her abilities
constantly. Eta could hold her own in a wrestling match with
Krok the troll and could best Quasar the nocker at sword-play.
Her passion was her body and the strength she felt coursing
through her when she fought, or ran, or just exercised.

Eta left her! her 18th birthday tosee the world
and to find a quest worthy of her skills. She traveled all over the
country, making a name for herself by combating chimera,
Dauntain and unruly Unseelie criminals. She offered her ser-
vices to whichever baron whose lands she was traversing, and
they nearly always had some minor quest that required her
attention.

Several years later, Eta found herself standing before High
King David. She had single-handedly killed the giant, Maul,
who was a chimera of incredible power. Because of this feat, the
High King deemed her worthy of knighthood. The story of that
day still graces many courtly gatherings, drawing laughter and
cheers from those who hear the tale. And, after the ceremony
and the oathings, Eta had joined i in celebration.

One hed Eta, "Dearest Lady Eta, would
you honor me with chis dance!"

Eta would have agreed without hesitation normally. Th
drew back her fist andr

in the face. As the young sidhe sat there on the floor, cies
up at Eta in disbelief, she explained to him calmly that she was
not "Lady Eta," but "Sir «di From that day forward, no one
dared to call her than that and, thus, she opened
the way for other feriale knights to bear the title "Sir" with
pride.

time, however, sh


ASPHALT JO8Y

Legend has it that Asphalt Joey's first cradle was a guitar
case lined witha baby blanket. Born and raised in the mountains
of Kentucky, Joey learned to play and sing from

a famous blues man called Booker T. Black. Joey's soulful songs
have made him famous throughout the world, for they inspire
intense emotion in whomever hears them.

Asphalt Joey earned his nickname when he hitchhiked
across the country, sowing his wild oats. He wanted to experi-
ence the real, gritty world and learn about life first-hand. The

story of his trip read like that Jack Kerouac novel. And many of

these experiences found their way into his music, and his songs
tell the tales of the many people he met, the places he saw and
the adventures he
In recent years, on the edge of grumphood, Joey has settled
down in Chicago. With the proceeds from
contract, he bought a club in the downtown area that he aptly
Is "Joey's." A plaque on the wall near the entrance proclaims
the club motto: "At Joey's, the drinks are cheap, the women are
easy and the music makes you want both."

R&D CHARLOTTE

Red bears a striking resemblance to Mae West, with her
feminine curves and sexy moves. Her voice, low and deep,
strokes one's ears. Dressed in her silken lingerie, Red sits behind
her desk at Fantasies Inc. and talks unreservedly on the phone
with potential clients.

is last record

Some call her a high-class madame. Others call her a
purveyor of dreams. Red prefers to think of what she does as
fulfilling fantasies. Her company, Fantasies Inc., advertises on

late-night cable with, "When was the last time you talked to a
hot, beautiful woman? Call now and share your wildest dreams
with one of the hot ladies of Fantasy Inc. We're waiting to talk
to you." Many of Red's clients get no further tl
sex with the women in her employ; from time to time, however,
a caller catches Red's attention with a particularly enticing
fantasy. These lucky customers win a prize.

}
my phone

Red, along with several other satyrs that work with her,
choose "projects" from among the lonely souls that call the
hotline. Each one requires unique attention, but Red's goal is
always to fulfill his fantasies and draw him from his cocoon of
fear, loneliness and guilt. Like a well-trained team of spies, Red
and her colleagues move in, scout the target, and set up their
plan. Then, when the time is right, they strike.

a 1 5 Pees | SL Cys La, £ j

Pp.

L
women because he thought himself as ugly. By the time Red was
done with him, he had a woman on each arm every night of the
week. And a recently divorced man from Arkansas, who had
already resigned himself to a life alone, found love in the arms
of his secretary after Red worked her magic. And the manager
of a convenience store in L.A. eained a new career when Red
"inspired" him to bring hi ssing "out of the closet" and
onto the stage, becoming the hottest new sensation on the club

a

scene.
Sclients nev er knew what hit them. She approaches
each dif y h ds in one of her team to
seduce the ae using chimera to produce a special effect and
teach a lesson; or Red encourages events to go in a certain
direction with clever use of canttrips. The 700 number more than
funds her work and she takes s
The joy of bringing newfound freedom to a client makes it all
worthwhile for Red and her team.

month.


mS

a he oe w= SH SB 2 & = =
~~ .

4 Br ih pied by j *

4 | V4
; >» Y na >

Of all the majestic, mythical creatures in the world, none has touched our
hearts in quite the same ribald way as satyrs. Their stories inspire us to tear down
our inner walls and advance, without fear, into candid living. Their legends tell
us it's okay to feel, to share and to adventure into realms of the unknown.

ie
fs

Y

Y
a

Ivor

ml CT

Al

ZA

— Jason Fleckman, "A Faerie Primer"

ce

re
aul

I

>|

"


"ypeaiq Aisa nod pue poojq-ayt]
inod say ‘nod 0] JWILS B IOU ST BACT "sIse] I ayy
JoY-aqyM suing W ‘ow ur apey Avur aaoy nod
ysnoy], ‘suonse pue syis ‘spiom YUM pedacjaq
mo4 nod pure sjaeq-Jaa0-peay []e} NOA ‘peaisuy
‘uoTJOW JO YOR] UTE}. eB yo UOTIVOT]duMT Ue st
asnedaq I jo UouAal ase ayI avy MOA— von g
-do ue 1,us1 Suneq ‘adsuto ajdoad reyj0 ayeu
onuewor ore yu NOA ssuTYyI ayy ‘sown

nod

-DUWOS P t 1 t
| AjaqoUlal UaAa SUTYAUY "9AC] 0} SOUIOD 11
uaya Aypetsadsa ‘aaaaqs nod uo suonoule
| INOA IeaM NOX :s}UTPY surdejdajoy
| ‘adi Alas SUIIEp-JaInduIod v Jo JaUMO
ay? Jo "aim e ‘jeod e aq IysrwW NOX
"uayo ayAasayl] [eIOW ANod OUI sdaas
ainquae siyy "pue aya Ul Jayqs0}
BUIWIOD SIAAO] Passord-IeIs JO soa
eeu 0} uoUsNe jdei YM uaisl]
0] pue ‘SAOT IlaY] OOM OJ MOY SIOYIO
yoral 0} ‘9dURUIOI asRINOSUD 0} ABA
mo4 Jono oF No} "siayio o1 ueddey
11 Buraas arope ose NOA Ing ‘JJasinoA
Jo} sty} qUeM Nod op ATUO ION
"S131 SYAPT aroul ayy
‘Aqeoruon ‘Qo14LIoRs ayy Jo]¥915 ay |e}
-ye-raaa-Ayiddey aaq] 02 Nok oy SuryIOU
suvatd WI ‘suruutsaq ay} Ul suoTIe|AqLyA
pue sje} Noy "AwWOIINO ay] se yUeI
-1odur se asn{ st ssadod aya Jeyy aztpear NoA
| ‘Ajaqeun}OJ ‘surpuea Addey aarsnya yy 19ye
: Bi] qo peISos nod UBY? JIYyIO
SuryaAue Jo} awh apy] puy nod ‘Onuewos prey-alp
| YW 20] Jo unsind ut ayiy nod puads nox :3daau0d

"QDURTUO MAU B JO [JY ay} axT] NOA saystaes
Suryiou Ing ‘aAlAINs O} ASNT NOA JYM OP NOX "eaoy
07 presaI YUM Japuom Jo asuas Inod daay 0) paseuew
aaey nod ‘sapnyiaquy WUeWOI ay) [fe Yysnory L

ey

a

@

SUALVS OORHLD! 6s

R
y Wa

er .

a

S55

"pyiom ay ul adejd anod punoj
pey nod ‘srayiouR jo ssauzjos JOM "WIeM IYI

<7

Ve

Z)

yoy sdiy nod Vays ue AsUT aU] Uy] "pasupyr no} :dn iy
-UMOIS B ay¥}] [99 NOA dYLUI UBY] B10 PIp "Jaaais =

os 104 ‘premyae ‘sdiy Jo Suryonoi ayjues IY) A)
‘nod JOJ "eaaio} sn YM Avas sasshy ISI] x
"Joya siayIO aya Jo Aue SIO} 3,UOM ey

NOA ‘asINOd JE ‘PAoy] aind Asay WY] 19510} Jaasu iS
[4 NoOA Ing ‘oma nod payeredas J9YyIea} apes BG

-yuinoy ‘Aureus yey ppUN ‘syaaa May eB AyUO .

i :

4)

pagse] UOTeNIeJUT si Ysnoy |, ‘aAao] ul daap 2)
]]9y MOA pue ‘peay aya ppNod

Ea
I! FB
wy yy *xas ansoddo ayj pasnou nos awa vA
2
V7 4}
&

a

Ast} oy Ajounsip JaquioWel no j y.

=)
WY

"nod Jo] Snap Apeay & sBM INO syxIOM
[je 3! UaYyM aurpeuaspe jo ysni ayy "1
Te 395 07
,UpIp
NOX jpaymbarun sem aac] aay ‘IC
jsulAp euodsaaa YA pepue yey? AloIs
B BuIT]A2 JO JUIOd ay sem JeYAM "Te dye
‘nod porog ssulpus pes aye-19a9-Ayiddey
SAAl] PUL [IIS ay S193 OIOY ayy aTOYA\ SaL
j

tHO8 TY [Sep Pee
poquem ouodue Ayam pueisiapun

La

is i "a . :

Inod panust ee pure sfejd ‘syoog
"AID Joy apeur Aepyig Jey uO
19YIVI INOA dABS NOA SIQMOY MO]]aA ayL
"Ava JYSL ayy asnf ur diy Aanod aeyy yno
yous pue saysejada siq asoup Jeg 01 MOY
Many nox "reyndod NOX ‘Jooyps Woy
YF usippyo seyjo ay [ype peyeny sanied
Aepyiig inoX ‘uo HUaNe JO Jaquad aya Ie

Pee

7

gyesinod ynd 0} paseuew shemye pure paioust
Bulag payey Nod qNe} v OF sNoTIeBaIy ‘Jasue
apa] sty nod pares Appep mod pure esy
-Joams QIU] Joy Nod payjes ewww Ano} "sas
-ulj a2] ANOA punoze paddesm synpe sya [ye
pey oym suo ayy ayaa no X "nod paao] auodsa
-Ad ‘pry B aiaM NOA Udy /\ :punorsyoeg

‘asinos fo ‘anoy fo aumu ay) ui uayna'*-uap.vs
siy wolf maf v ssn pia aynp aya aus 1 UOp |
- 9 na Hing

{1 UL 0] Sty P 108 | Ww 72Y
ay) aLayA\ [AO] WU | j20O] UL UL] [AA] UL WL, | :930NC)

DINVWOR STEVRITDNI

NS

CRE
Iss

GOSS IO IID ODS SIO IES

K1THBOOK

ATYRS

Name: Court: Seelie Seeming: "Wilder
Player: Legacies: Courtier/TPeacock Society:
Chronicle: Title: Motley:
> 6
W\CCRIOUTES
Physical Social CDencal
Strength @@000 Charisma @eee@e@0 Perception @ee@00
Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence @e@000
Stamina. @@@00 Appearance @ee@00 Wits @e@e@00
PN
V\dilicies
‘Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@000 Crafts 00000 Chimerical Alchemy____O0000
Athletics OOOOO Drive OOOOO Computer OQO0O00O0
Brawl OOOOO Etiquette @@@00 Enigmas @@@00
Dodge OOOOO Firearms OO00O Gematria OOO000
Empathy @@@00 Leadership OOOOO Gremayre @@000
Expressi @@@00 Melee OOOOO Investigation. @0000
Kenning @@000 Performance @@000 Linquistics @8000
Persuasion @@@00 Security OOOO0O Medicine OOO0O0O
Streetwise @0000 Stealth OOOOO Politics @0000
Subterfuge OQOOOO Survival OOOOO Science 00000
A Anaar
/(\dvancages
Backgrounds RTS Realms
Contacts e0000 Leaerdemain @@000 Actor @@000
Oreamers e0000 "Primal @0000 ‘Fae @@e@00
Gremayre @0000 00000 "Prop @@000
OOO00O0 OO00O0 OOOO0O
OOO0O0O OO0OO0O OOOOO
—— Ocher Traics == Glamour Heath
Tuise
OQOOOOOOOOU Hurt 1a q
. Injured -l dO |
—— Willpower Wounded -2 O Oo
@®@@OO0O0O0O000O Mald 2 UY oO
QOOO000000 Crippled 5 O a
Incapacitated Oo oO
=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold == Banalicy =Birchrights/ Frailcies™
@e@ee@eooooodod Gift of Pan

Cxperience: [

OOOOOOOOOO

Physical Prowess
law: Passion's curse

BILLY GOAT GRUFF

Quote: Just you wait, kid. Someday your parents are gonna
die. Poof. Gone. Just like that. And then, you'll be all alone in the
world. Nobody to love you or take care of you. When that day
comes, you'll have to get tough. There's no room for babies out in
the real world. Aw, jeez....Quit crying before I give you something
to cry about.

Background: Early childhood brought you all the joy and
excitement any child could want. Your parents loved you and
treated you well. They bought you all the best toys and even
played them with you; they gave you your first guitar for
Christmas. Then they died. You had your first lesson in pain at
the age of 10.

None of your l d youinandy

yourself shuffled off to a foster home. The cares that adopted
you loved getting the monthly paychecks,
but they didn'treally care inherently about
you one way or another. The two pushed
you toward the television as often as
possible. You didn't understand why they
wouldn't play with you like your real par-
ents, but you learned quickly just how
unimportant you were to them. For a
while, you tried to win them over to
make them love you, but they
yelled for you to leave them alone
or just ignored you. You finally
gave up. It worked out best for
both parties when you made
friends with the older kids at
school and started staying away
from home more and more. Your
foster parents didn't care what
you did, or whom you did it with,
as long as you were there when
the social worker came by tocheck
on you and how you were living.

f, ot
ouround

Your friends had a gang and let
you join. With them, you learned how

to fight and how to party. Your gang
didn't mind that you were younger,
though they poked fun at you a lot. You
didn't care, you were used to it. As long
as you belonged to something, you were
happy. Besides, following the gang
around kept you out of that house.
Streetwars occurred regularly and
you shot your first rival right after your
12th birthday. As you stood over his dead
body, the blood pooled at your feet, and
you felt a power like none you'd ever expe- Leif
rienced. It boiled up from deep inside you ems
and made you stronger. You remembere
yourfaerie soul. N Iped you tl |

54 KITHBOOK: SATYRS

your Chrysalis ined what was happening to you.
The gang members you told about that thought you had taken
heavy drugs, repeatedly, or else, lost your mind. You learned to
keep your mouth shut about that.

Later, during your wilder days, you found a different group
of friends — other satyrs. They weaned you from your gang and
made you a part of their tragos. Unseelie, they had their own
codes similar to those of the gang. You understood the violence;
you understood the revelry. Only the faces had changed. Like
while in the gang, you committed aspolties with these tragos.

P eople died; yOUSdw it as their due fort
when they shouldn't have. You earned substantial money sell-
ing drugs and taking hit contracts. Nothing was too vile or
dangerous for you. In all your years, you had learned that only
the strong survive and you were determined to come out alive,
if not on top.

Grumphood has hit you baad: You're hen st where you
belong anymore. The glory udon't have
the stamina to run with the

Y
Idhe

Allthe ugliness
of your youth has left a ragged scar upon your soul. Now that
you're a grump, you realize that not only did life hand youa raw
deal, but that you're too old to enjoy passing along the wealth.
Violence doesn't appeal to you anymore because you've done
it all. Sex holds no enticement because you've been there,
done that. You feel like the old horse that should be put out
to pasture, but you'd prefer it if they just shot you and sent you
to the glue factory.

Concept: You're a bitter old grump. No longer young
or spry, you have seen your prime pass you by, and you're
not even sure why it was called your prime. The only
thing pleasurable to you is the fact that you can make
others just as miserable as you are yourself. So you

can't fight as well as you once could, you can still
berate others and let them know how you got the
short end of the stick because complaining and
mere whining make you feel better. Besides, at least
when you're mean to people, they don't let you get
close, so you dont t haw e to love them. All that

just hurts you,
and always will, if you let them.
Roleplaying Hints: You don't give a damn about
anyone but yourself and your tragos. Everyone has their
complaints, sure, butno one had it as bad as you did. Life
owes you, so you take what you want, whenever you can.
Unfortunately, there's nothing you really want. You had
it all (family, friends, money and power) and it was
crudely taken away from you by old age. You wish you
could take your frustrations out on someone, but you're
not as strong as you once were and now you have to pick
your targets carefully for their weaknesses. Resentment
eats you up from the inside and you turn your ire onto the
rest of the world. Damn the frolicking fauns, damn the
freedom of the wilders and damn the grumps for even
existing. You wish you had died young. But, since you didn't,
you might as well see what you can do to make everyone aware
of how much living sucks.

K1THBOO

Name: Court: "Unseelie Seeming: Grump
Player: Legacies: "Fatalist/Hermit Society: Fag)
Chronicle: Title: Motley: AS ]
DN Na
W\CTRIOUTES A
Physical Social CDenczal YY
Strength @@@00 Charisma @0000 Perception. e0e36ce0 f . :
Dexterity @e@000 Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence eee00 Yey4
Stamina @@0@00 App @@000 Wits eeee0 )
Talents Skills Knouiledges mi)
Alertness @@000 Crafts OOOOO Chimerical Alchemy____ 00000 SSF |
Athletics @0000 Drive @0000 Computer. OOOOO ffx)
Brawl ©0000 Etiquette 00000 Enigmas 00000 eA
Dodge @@000 Firearms @@@00 Gematria 00000 yy,
Empathy OOOOO Leadership OOO00O Gremayre @@000 YA)
Intimidation @@@00 Melee @@000 Law @0000 [R))
Kenning @0000 Performance @0000 Lore (Vampire) @0000
Persuasion. OOOOO Security @0000 Medicine 00000 £
Streetwise @@@00 Stealth 00000 Politics 00000 PAYA
Subterfuge OOO0OO Survival @0000 Science 00000 XY)
Sy)
\dvancages
Backgrounds Arts Realms
Contacts @e@000 Chicanery @8000 Actor @@000
‘Resources e@0000 Leaerdremain @0000 Fae @@000
00000 OOO00O Scene @0000
OO00O0 OOO00O 00000
OOOO0O OOO00O0 OO0000
—— Ocher Traics == Glamour Health
e@e@eoo00o000oo0oo0 raised "a we
NQOOOOOOO0OOO Hut 1 a oO
; Injured -l Q Oo
—— Uillpower = Wounded -2 OU Oo
@®@@e@e00000 Mauled 2 Q oO
QOO0000000 Crippled 5 O =)
Incapacitated Oo Oo
=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold == Banalicy =Birchrighcs/ Frailcies=
Gift of Pan
@e@eee@00000 Physical Prowess

Cxperience: [

QOOOOOOOO0

Flaw: Passion's curse


\ hy C7

Y

A]

PLAYFUL KI>

Quote: Eenie meenie, miny, mo! Catch a tiger by the toe. If he
hollers, let ‘im go. Eenie meenie, miny, mo. You're it! Bet you can't
catch me!

Background: Snakes and snails and puppy-dog tails, those
are the things that little boys are made of. In your short life,
you've certainly lived up to the reputation. You were born to a
kind, middle-class family —a slice of Americana. Your parents
own a farm with chickens and cows and cats and spiders and
frogs. And before you could walk, you were entertaining your
family with the silly and senseless things you did, smearing jam
all over your face or tugging on the cat's tail to see it hiss.

You experienced your Chrysalis early, when you were
seven-years old, and you have had much fun ever since. The old
satyr that lives down the | bysits f |
She can't run fast anymore, which works in your favor.

You love nothing more than to bring her a slithery
green snake or a huge toad and see her yell and
jump up and down. She makes you laugh a lot.

you in

Never one to sit still for long, you hate
watching television. It's much better to be outin ~
the sunshine, exploring the forest, building a
treehouse, or catching crawdads in the stream.
Carefree and life-affirming, you run wherever
you go and are always the first to get up
and dance whenever there's music.
You don't care if you look dumb.
People laugh at you and that's better
than a scolding.

Strangers don't intimidate
you. Rather, they are just more
people to play with, even if they
don't realize that they are going
to play with you. You can con-

KITHBOOK: SATYRS

I REA RR RO RRO SI EE.

stantly find a way to get a new person to pay attention to you.
A joker at heart, you love making people smile. Your pranks
remain quite innocent, but you definitely like to play harmless
jokes, especially on the stodgy fae and mortals that you meet.

Concept: Youth fits you well. You run and play and joke
every minute of the day. And your charming personality wins
friends for you wherever you go. Few actually get mad at you.
You have a way of looking at them that incenses them to crack
up. You convey a combination of innocence and exuberance
that makes it difficult for people not to be amused by your
antics. Indeed, you lighten everyone's mood. Even the old
boggan finds a smidgen of patience in his heart, though he still
insists on following you around and picking up after you. Of
course, you take full advantage of this fact. But it's all right,

because it makes the boggan feel wanted.

] = ES |

Roleplaying Hints: Y though
nothing you do is ever crass or crude; it's all quite
innocent. It doesn't matter that no one wants
to play with you because you play with

them anyway. All the world is wondrous,
an adventure waiting to happen, a trea-

sure waiting to be discovered. You flit
ais

from one | flower to the next and
sip the nectar of life. When you find
something especially fascinating, you
must, of course, share it with everyone
else around you. You spend a lot of time
tugging on sleeves and saying, "Come
see what I found." Most people under-
stand that the trip is worth it if they
indeed go with you. Yet, being the
center of attention can be tiring, so
you sleep well at night.

INCI MA KITHBOOK:|
Name: Court: Seelie Seeming: Childling
Player: Legacies: Troubadour/Fool Society:
Chronicle: Title: Motley:
IN
(\CCRIOUTES
Physical Social CDencal
Strength @@000 Charisma @@@00 Perception OOOO
Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence. OOOO
Stamina @@@00 Apr @@000 Wits 6000
DN
/\oilicies
‘Talents Skills Knouiledges
Alertness @@@00 Crafts 00000 Chimerical Alchemy____ 00000
Athletics @0000 Drive 00000 Computer____——— OOOO
Brawl OOOOO Etiquette @0O000 Enigmas @BOOO
Dodge OOOOO Firearms OOOOO Gematria_____—————S OOCOO
Empathy @@000 Leadership OOOOO Gremayre____ Ss ®@@OOO
Intimidation OOOOO Melee @0000 Law OOO00O0
Kenning @0000 Performance @@000 Lore OOOO0O
Persuasion @@@00 Security OOO0O0O Medicine OOOO
Streetwise OOOOO Stealth @ee@@0 Politics OOOOO
Subterfuge @@@00 Survival @@@@0 Science 0000
A
/\dvancages
Backgrounds Arts Realms
Chimera @0000 Legerdvemain @0000 Actor @0000
Mentor e000 Primal @@000 Fae @@000
‘Remembrance @0000 00000 ‘Nature @@000
OOO00O0 OOO00O0 OOO0O
OOO00O OOO00O0 OOOO0O
=—— Ocher Iraics == Glamour ——Hedth-
e@e@e0000000 Real Chimerical
Bruised Oo a]
QOOOOOOOOO 1a g
' Injured -l |
=U ilipouck Wounded -2 O Oo
@®@e@eee@eo00doo0dodcd Mailed 4. go
90900000000 Crippled 5 O 4
Incapacitated Oo oO

=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold = Banalizy =Birchrighcs/Frailcies=
@e@00@000000 Physi Powter
; [] OQOO000D0D0 700 Flaw: Passion's curse
Cxperience:


i,

vA SEASONED SCHOLAR

Quote: That chap Homer gave it a good try, but he was too
much of a prude to tell our tale properly. I recommend that
you read Littell or Graves. They weren't afraid
of the truth.

Background: An alcoholic father
and meek mother sent you fleeing into
reading books at an early age. You
read everything you could get your
13 }- 3]

home

ye,

S p
Your interests gradually gravitated to

mythology and fairy tales. Your father
called you a loser, a bookworm and a

raging nerd.

Your mother warned you
‘ TA conten &

}
about

f P ow,
looking back, you see that they felt
threatened by your ever-growing
superior intellect.

The older you got, the more
your mortal family turned on you.
They pushed you perp lly with
hurtful, insulting words, and you
always responded with haughty
indifference. This reaction tech-

nique only spurred them on; your
arrogance made them feel small.
Your father lost his temper one
day when yourefused to putd

the thick book you were reading
and meet some of his co-work-
ers. He hit you then and there.
You had just started high school
and the promise of a new challenge
and of what you would learn there

gave you confidence. When your
father's hand struck you, the blow trig-
gered all the anger that had built up over
the years. With a flash that verged on
madness, you struck him back, repeat-
edly. As you hit him, you spouted off
Hamlet:

"T prithee, take thy fingers from my
throat;

For, though I am not splenitive and rash,

Yet have I something in me dangerous,

Which let thy wiseness fear: hold off Lei¢
thy hand."

The surge of it all brought on your Chrysalis.
Your father recovered, physically at least. Emotionally, he
was never quite the same. An unspoken truce later developed
between you two. Once you discovered your faerie self, your
whole life changed for the better: A group of satyrs, like
yourself, felt the rush of Glamour from your Chrysalis and
came for you. Though you slept in your father's house, the rest
of the time you spent with your new tragos. For a while, you
put aside your books and reveled in your new life. It felt good.
Eventually, however, the wisdom of the ages called to

you and you returned to your studies. In the years since, you
have covered many subjects. Grumphood suits you,
though you feel the weight of the approaching Mists.
a) | } + ho 1 J

ot good

book excite you. You try to cram as much infor-
mation into your brain as you can and share it
with any who want to learn.
Concept: At one time, the acquisition of
knowledge fed your self-esteem, which is no
longer the case. Asa grump, you have learned
to appreciate knowledge for knowledge's
sake. The years have mellowed your per-
spective and increased your self-confidence.
You recognize the need for teachers and see
yourself easily in that role. Faerie lore is your
particular passion, but your interests don't
stop there. Yc i
and take any opportunity to master some-
thing new by listening and watching oth-
ers.

voraciously

Roleplaying Hints: Curiosity may
have killed the cat, but it drives you. If it
weren't for the fact that people tell such inter-
i 1 share such usef f you
would become a hermit with your books. Fortu-
nately, you learn as much, if not more, from your
fellow Kithain and from lsas youdo from the
tomes. Your reputation has evolved as the person
to go to for advice or information. Although your
storytelling abilities could never compare with
those of the eshu, you know so many interesting
facts that you too often find yourself surrounded by
an attentive crowd.

useful inf


K1T HBO O K :

~ SATYRS

Name: Court: Seelie Seeming: Grump
Player: Legacies: Sage/Peacock Society:
Chronicle: Title: Motley:
DN
W\CTRIOUTES
Physical Social CDencal
Strength @@000 Charisma @@000 Perception ry I Je)
Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence e0ecee0
Stamina @@000 Appearance @@000 Wits @ee@00
DN
/\dilicies
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @0000 Crafts @@000 Computer OOOO
Athletics OOOOO Drive OOOOO Enigmas @@000
Brawl OOOOO Etiquette 00000 Inxestigation @0000
Dodge OOOOO Firearms OO00O0 Law @@000
Empathy OOOOO Leadership @@000 Linquistics @@@00
Expressi @@@00 Melee OOOOO Lore @@@00
Kenning @0000 Performance @@000 Medicine @@000
Persuasion OOOOO Security 00000 Occult @0000
Streetwise OOOOO Stealth OOO0OO Politics @0000
Subterfuge OOOOO Survival OOOOO Science @@000
A
(\dvanctages
Backgrounds RTS Realms
Contacts e0e000 Primal @@e@00 Actor @@000
"Resources @0000 "Wayfare @0000 ‘Fae @0000
00000 00000 ‘Nature @0000
00000 00000 "Prop @0000
OOO00O0 OOOO0O OO000
s=— Ocher Traits == Glamour Heath
u
OQOOOOUOOUOOOO Hart 1g g
. Injured -l io
—— Uillpower = Wounded -2 O Oo
@®@e@eeedOo00ddo Maued 2 QO go
9QO00000000 Crippled 5 OU 4
Incapacitated Oo C
—Ravaging/CDusing Threshold = Banalicy =Birchrighcs/ Frailcies=
e@e@eeeo00oo0dod Gift of Pan

Cxperience: [

QOOOOOOOOO

Physical Prowess
Flaw: Passion's curse


ie

OLYMPIC ATHILETE

Quote: A_ half-second
record... huff. puff.
i] put)

going to give it another try.

short of the world

Damn Get out of my way...huff....I'm

Background: Before your birth, you rolled and kicked and
. all

punched inside yOur mother's womb, unable
then. You were a child prodigy, so you even learned to walk
earlier than most. Activity came as natural to you as breathing
does. You had to keep moving, walking, climbing. This
incessantness kept your mother, in turn, chasing after you and
pulling you down off the furniture. In grade school, you played
in the girl's little league and pee-wee football. Your parents
enrolled you in karate, ice skating and tap-dancing classes.
You became a Brownie, then a Girl Scout, and earned the
badges in a short time. Every day of the week, you had
something to do and somewhere to go.

You played basketball and soccer in high school. The
coaches loved you for your dedication and determination
to win. While all the other girls were vying for dates and
spending Saturdays at the mall, you were practicing. You
never stopped to figure out why you adored athletics
so much. All you knew was that you loved
foelt ner Tt Spe q

f f OMp nature of
high school sports pushed you to ex-
cel. You didn't necessarily want to be
better than everyone else, rather,

the joy of knowing you were g
was enough for you.
You pushed your
body to its limits one
afternoon while run-
ning track. Youhad just
made the cut for the
junior girl's basketball
team and you wanted
to get a head start on
your training. As you
circled the track for the
fourth time, arunner in front
of you tripped and fell. You
didn't have time to stop or
leap over her. You crashed
to the ground and twisted
yourankle badly. The pain
of that moment triggered
your Chrysalis. The expe-
rience of feeling yourankle
bone tear out of your skin

ESSE

and then looking down to see the emerging portion of asatyr leg

g

and hoof sent you into downright hysterics. A quick trip to the

nurse's office brought you into contact with the new physical

education teacher, a Ms. Mulberry. She had funny legs, too.
wf | fe

After healing, athl | Psp din f; ll
across the country. You could essentially pick and choose. For a
while, you weren't sure if youeven wanted llege. Better

to stay with the tragos, you told yourself. What could the mortal

world possibly offer you? Ms. Mulberry, however, encouraged

you to attend. So, you went off to study — what else? — physical
education.

Concept: The thrill of pushing your
body to its limits, and feeling it go even
after you felt sure you would collapse,

intoxicates you. You go for that ex-
hausted high. Although the general
competitive nature of sports entices
you, thatc i is only l
you use to push yourself harder. Win-
ning isn't everything and your only
true competitor is yourself. You
will always be an athlete and when
you can no longer compete, you
will coach others, and you will
coach them to greatness. That is

t

your destiny.
Roleplaying Hints: You love
sports. Track, basketball, foot-

ball, soccer, rt igby

tling all excite you. Nothing is
ct |

more fun than worl p

sweat on the field. The wind
in your hair, the sun on
your face, and the burn
in your muscles are aph-
rodisiacs like no others.
Youapproach your train-
ing with utmost serious-
ness, and the members of

your teams are like family to
you. You know that you eventually

hisd

7 |} hI
von t be able to exert

ANC
when that day comes, you will turn your
talents to helping and furthering oth-
ers. Already, you coach your team-
mates and they truly look up to you.
You have a hunger for that feeling.

K1THBOOK

~ SATYRS

Name: Court: Seelie Seeming: "Wilder
Player: Legacies: Crafter/Ringleader Society:
Chronicle: Title: Motley:
PN
V(\CTRIOUTES
Physical Social CDencal
Strength @@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception @@000
Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @eee@00
Stamina e30eeee Apr @@000 Wits @e@@00
DNV ,
¢\oilicies
‘Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@000 Crafts OOOOO Computer___ Ss OOOOO
Athletics @@@@@ Drive OOOOO Enigmas @@@00
Brawl OOOOO Etiquette 00000 Inxestigation OOO00O
Dodge @@000 Firearms OOOO0O Law @0000
Empathy OOOOO Leadership @@000 Lindquistics OO000
Intimidation @0000 Melee @@0@00 Lore OO00O0
Kenning @®@000 Performance @@000 Medicine @0000
Persuasion @0000 Security OOO00O Occult OOO00O
Streetwise OOOOO Stealth @@000 Politics OOOO0O
Subterfuge OOOOO Survival OOOOO Science OOO00O
Advancages
Backgrounds Arts Realms
Contacts e@000 "Primal @ee@00 Actor @@000
"Dreamers @0000 00000 "Fae @@e00
Mentor @0000 00000 OOOOO
Resources @0000 00000 00000
OOO00O0 OOOO0O OOOOO
==— Ocher lraics == Glamour Neat
e@e@eeo0o000dn — " cnimewel
u
MOOOOOOOO0O "ae 1g g
; Injured -l QO QO
——Uillpouer = Wounded -2 U Oo
@®@e@e@oodoodoododco Mailed 2 QO oO
OQOO0000000 Crippled 5 O =)
Incapacitated Oo i)
=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold Banalizy =Birchrighcs/Frailcies=
@®@e@eodooooo0od Gift of Pan

Cxperience: [

QOOOOO0O0000

Physical Prowess
Flaw: Passion's curse



cAI

a a a

oe

Me!

Mi
{

TER

‘ y

The scent of goat drifted in through the open doorway. Her nose tingled, as did a
her spine. Such a lusty musk surely came from the devil himself. Ex
—Sarah McClannaugh, "The Devil Walked the Night" we

(Ss
M&RITS AND FLAWS FLEXIBLE HEART (2 POINT MERIT) a

Vv
Satyrs have a philosophical streak that few other kith Satyrs are the most tender-hearted of the Kithain. They —
share. They cherish their freed dembrace life with exub bruise easily and bounce from one extreme of emotion to 1S
ance. Although tl I he Kithainwhoadhere another. In such a dark world, people work hard to hurt one (—
to the same ideals, none has the same exact attributes as these another, and goats feel the blows most acutely. They do not ,
hearty fae. Satyrs have not changed much throughout the _ benefit from the solid lack of: ion that bolsters the trolls, nor ry
centuries. They h eth 1 weal hatmakethem do they have the haughty self-confidence that allows sidhe to S
unique and special; a sample of some of the nes _ believe it couldn't have been their fault. Satyrs bleed. (ss
follows. You, on the other hand, have learned to let these things roll ,

you down. Supersonic emotional healing lets you avoid the

Allsatyrs sing, but notall ofthem havea voice thatcharms moodiness that cripples other satyrs. You love just as deeply as i

the apples from the trees. You do. The Gift of Pan carries they do, but when your love leaves you, you can tell yourself that (x
through your voice and inspires passion without the use of a there are plenty of other opportunities for devotion, and you y

musical instrument. You have perfect pitch and ingacappella believe it. If you have a Flexible Heart, you gain the use of one ‘s

without missing a single note or going off-key. Even when only extra Willpower to control yourself in a situation, where an- &

VOIS OF A SONGBIRD (1 POINT MSRIT) off your back. You indeed feel the blows, but they don't knock ey

aly . tmiaah 4 . . 5 rm —
speaking, your voice q that peop other goat might over-react emotionally. Of course, even you sx
to you. This trait can be especially useful when trying to realize that you may not be able to control your being forever if Sy)
persuade others or when attempting to win over a potential the situati ti so you doall you can to extract yourself. (p

lover. Whenever you make a Social roll that involves speaking

or singing, add 1 to the dice pool. =
6

3 Ye
He

CHAPTER SIX: TOYS, TOOLS AND TANGENTS

=

oN PASSION (2 POINT M&RIT) ye: : Ls

Over the centuries, satyrs have lost some of their original
is SJ passion. The goat with the Passion Merit has retained it in full.
WA) You pursue your interests with the utmost intensity and usually

AN succeed at them. Life holds many fascinating chances for you
Sy and you don't want to miss out on them. You grab them up
= greedily. Mundanities, such as money, mean nothing to you

ve except when they result from the pursuit of your Passion. And,
LK

because you focus your attention so completely on experience
=) and self-improvement, you do achieve greatness. The Living
is Time does not affect you because you have the innate ability to
iA handle your Passion. Concentration in this one area permits you
4)
=]
tal / )
Sy INTIMIDATING STANCE(3 POINT MERIT)

You talk a mean talk and walk a mean walk. And there is
bite to match your bark. Whenever you enter a room, everyone
turns around to look at you. For satyrs, this presence isn't so
unusual, but when others look at you, they appear concerned.
Those who know you understand that you're just a sheep in
wolves' clothing, but even they don't want to irritate or anger
you. Something about you screams, Dangerous!

to advance more quickly. (The difficulty for all rolls related to
your Passion are reduced by 2.)

You can exaggerate this effect whenever you want and,
thus, actively increase your chances of intimidating someone.
With a look ora gesture, you intimate what you wish to do with
their bodies once you get hold of them, and they actually believe
that you would. (The player must make a Charisma + Intimida-
tion roll, though the difficulty is reduced by 2.)

Note: This ability only works on other changelings, since
mortals cannot see all the subtle signals in the satyr's demeanor.
H | but they won't be intimidated
by him any more than they normally would be.

$&X APPEAL (3 POINT M&RIT)
The sway of your hips and the pout of your lips give you a
lsexi d lity that attract lovers to you like flies
to honey. Perhaps it's your pheromones. Whatever the cause,
you are sex incarnate. You are irresistible. When you flirt, you
find many willing minions. This characteristic makes you the
center of attention at any gathering, since they all want to
wholeheartedly please you.

With a look, a word, or a wave of your hand, you can make
or break hearts. Even the most cold-hearted are not immune to
your power. Though this does draw unwanted attention some-
times, you almost always manage to extricate yourself from
unwanted situations. (The player makes all rolls related to
either Charisma or Appearance at a -2 difficulty.)

INSPIRATION (4 POINT M&RIT)

The Gift of Pan lets all satyrs inspire lust in those who hear
their music, which lowers inhibitions and strengthens resolve.
When you play your instrument, however, you can inspire
whatever emotion the song relays. A tender lullaby, when you
play it, causes those listening to fall asleep. More rousing tunes

64 KITHBOOK: SATYRS
\_ >

A


ws Ae : Aig feel tl llahl

get people
to davica. When you plage a soulful dirge, your audience WEEDS.
As with the Gift of Pan, only those who fail a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7) feel the effects of your music.

SEXLAL REVERIE (4 POINT M&RIT)

Asatule, Reverie requires the slow and careful cultivation
of a Dreamer: The changeling inspires a mortal to achieve
greatness by Glamour-
filled work. Sone s Sang, howe, have the ability to bring

| pleasure that th
of having sex produces Glamour that the goat can then harvest.
This process takes more than one session usually, though in
certain cases, the intensity of a one-night stand is enough.

For these epiphanies to work, it must be more than just a
literal bumping in the night: The satyr must establish a special
connection between herself and the mortal, which could be a
smoldering desire that has built up over time and finally come
to fruition, or a fulfillment of the mortal's fantasies, or some
similarly magical circumstance. Finding the right time and
place generally makes a huge difference, and the satyr may
prepare for months, trying to set up the perfect situation. For a
satyr to achieve epiphany through sex, the player must roll
mira + Empatisy (difficuley 4). The number of suc-

of Glamour points gained by

the dhangeling.

GUT INSTINCTS (5 POINT M&RIT)

When you've got a direct line into the more primal of your
instincts, you benefit er the ability to act iad thinking
first i ry good
co are ee | k why d I
but dust has ¢ eles red Lee realize it was (ecmeacaave,
This Merit nullifi f surprise and permits you to act
normally, though you may not attack, only defend. In cases

where you are not surprised, you may Pre-empt yout epponeht: s

youare,

action. (The difficulty for all Wits + A reduced
by 1
SWARTHY (1 POINT FLAW)

All hairy, right? Well, y ke the cake. Not only

do you have hair on your legs and hips, but it grows profusely
over your whole body. Your chest is a thick carpet of curls. Dark
waves of this hair cover your arms. A pelt covers your belly and
even your back. Many find this revolting — especially on
women.

Yet, female satyrs don't have to worry about their faces. For
male goats, however, your beard grows so quickly that you've
given up shaving; because by the time you get to the left side of
your face, the right side has a five-o'clock shadow. But, at least
you never have to worry about male-pattern baldness.

¢ j Ps. Gi 4 ] ]
law

Only in the rarest
toasatyr's mortal seeming. You may |
chest of hair, but only in the most extreme of instances does the
hair growth seem abnormal. Satyrs with this Flaw make all rolls
related to Appearance at an increased difficulty of +1.

P
yarms ora full

BROKEN VOI<S (2 POINT FLAW)

Dogs howl when they hear you sing, and babies cry at the
very sound i peur speaking spies: Yor were bese' with a
1
your voice hase people's sensibilities. Although you:e: can still
play an instrument with no problem, most people want you to
not sing. It makes them cringe.

A broken voice makes it difficult to woo your love. No one
is going to fall for someone who sounds like fingernails scratch-
ing down a blackboard ora pencil trying to erase with no eraser.
And the worse part is that you don't seem to notice what you
sound like or view the reactions of people toward you. Anyone
who tries to tell you that you have a disgusting voice draws your
immediate ire. After all, it Kaands perfectly fine to you. (The

dit.) £4]] C+ : j]} y +1 forthe: esatyr: )

WISHY-WASHY WAYS (3 POINT FLAW)

The satyr lifestyle involves making snap decisions on a
regular basis. When you're given an opportunity, you'd better
act quickly or it just might pass you by. Yet, you can't seem to
make up your mind fast enough; it takes you a while to sort
through all your options, examine the pros and cons, and then
decide which is the best decision. You are indecisive to a fault,
and you want to discuss the problem with someone more
intelligent before you commit. Intense situations, where the
action is fast-paced, confuse you and the result is you usually
standing in the middle, with a lost look on your face. This
attribute frustrates your fellows and sometimes lands you in
dangerous situations. (You must make a Willpower roll when-
ever your character must make a decision, otherwise your
character remains undecided about what to do.

PROCRASTINATION (3 POINT FLAW)

Distraction comes in many forms and satyrs often want to
do everything all at once. Unfortunately, there is only one of
you. ots ve never heard of the concept of time management, so

ject to the next as your fancy dictates. And
wheniat an ieportnt obligation comes along, you flit off to have
fun rather than perform your duty. That party at your friend's
place seems so much more interesting than polishing your
mentor's sword — you can do that tomorrow. There will be
plenty of time for that tomorrow. But that elusive tomorrow
never comes and the task goes shoddily unfinished. Yet, to your
credit, you had a damn good time at the party. (You must make
a Willpower roll any time your character must choose between
duty or fun to see which she chooses.

PARFUM bé GOAT (4 POINT FLAW)

The goat musk is a unique, horrific scent that makes the
eyes water. You are a walking, breathing sachet of smelly goat.
You're not sure if it's glandular, but you do know that it's not
because you never bathe. You know plenty of satyrs who never
wash themselves and they don't smell like you do. Actually,
you've grown so accustomed to your own odor that you never
even notice it. Unfortunately, everyone else does, and they let

CHAPTER SIX: TOYS, TOOLS AND TANGENTS 65


VAI
=
WA
ww
"
S

you know about it. Only the most socially anal-retentive of the
sidhe can pretend that it doesn't bother them, although most
don't care whether they hurt your feelings or not.

@ ]

y botk vered by your musk. However,
all the other kith, with th tion of redcaps, wi

t

offensive themselves, refuse to stay in the same room with you.
This banishment of a sort hinders greatly your chances for
romance, for acquiring a title, or even just chatting with the
other changelings. Your stinky goat is at a +2 difficulty on all
Social rolls involving kith other than satyrs.

ISSLI8S (4 POINT FLAW)

You have issues. Whether you're insecure, repressed or
slightly neurotic, or all three, your issues affect your life nega-
tively. You haven't rejected the ideal of freedom, you just can't
seem to live up to it. No matter how loudly you proclaim your
dedication to the pursuit of happiness, you are too afraid to
actually act on it. This fear can be crippling to a satyr. You are
the poor love-lorn soul who can never find the courage to tell
the person you love how you feel about her. You keep your
emotions pent-up inside and let no one know what you need or
want. Perhaps your parents taught you that you didn't deserve
love or maybe you feel that others are entitled to that last piece
of cake more than you are. Whatever the reason, these detri-
mental feelings keep you from what you most desire. You always
let others have the spotlight first and take only what scraps they
give you. Player, roll Willpower to see if this satyr can assert
himself and express his needs and desires.

SEXUAL HANG-UP (> POINT FLAW)

The other satyrs are out in the weeds romping on Beltaine,
but you're sitting alone by the fire because you can't seem to get
over your aversion to sex. This repugnance can manifest in
several ways. It may not be every aspect of sex that bothers you,
butb instandard
to even ignite something. You may find a partner willing to
accommodate your "special" needs, but even then, you never

cts really turn you off, you're afraid

quite get over the fear that she is telling everyone about your
hang-ups and that they are all secretly laughing at you. Some-
times it's just easier to remain celibate.
To your horror, your tragos-mates will try to fix you if they
discover yout problem. Explaining that you don't want their
elp can be disconcerting, at best. If your inhibition is severe
enough, you may eventually find yourself ostracized. The tragos
won't kick you out, but they'll quit inviting you to their parties
and gatherings. After all, why would they want a party-pooper
like you around?
ee >
"alt

J
Bhs

©
&

whe
»

KITHBOOK: SATYRS


PLAY THINGS

Satyrs love toys as much as everyone, and they have a few
that were designed specifically for them. Although anyone
could technically wield them, only the satyr kith fully under-
stand theirs. Other changelings know that if they discover one
of these items, a satyr cannot be far away.

THYRSUS

From ancient times, a thyrsus has been the standard satyr
weapon. This ivy-twined staff is tipped with a pine-cone har-
vested from the forests at the foot of Mount Olympus. Dionysus
and his satyr army were the first to carry thyrsi into battle,
defeating many enemies with them in hand. They resemble
shepherd's staffs, but with a hook at the end. Satyrs sometimes
customize their thyrsi with steel blades sunk into the hook to
make the weapons more lethal. The giant pine-cone at the tip
swings on a short cord to distract the enemy. It also packs a
severe whollup when slammed against an opponent's head.
When in battle-stance, a goat holds his thyrsus with both hands
and uses it to block and attack.

Tradition dictates that a satyr make his own
thyrsus from British oak and then make a pilgrim-
age to Greece for the pine-cone. A satyr often
makes this trip with his mentor. Throughout
his life, the goat uses the same thyrsus,
yet he makes another
ifhe loses or breaks
the one he has.
the end of his life,
the satyr buries
the thyrsus at his
This
burial symbolizes his
own break with life.

Difficulty: 7

Damage: |

tragoidia.

Concealability: none

THE GRAPSS OF WRATH (LEVEL 1 TREASLIRS)

Dirty tricks appeal to satyrs rarely, except when someone
has earned their vengeance. The Grapes of Wrath grow from a
special vine located in the Dreaming. Finding them requires
patience, determination and excellent combat skills. Chimera
attracted to the sweet Grapes guard them well.

The Grapes of Wrath are perfect and a deep, rich purple.
They gleam invitingly and flicker with Glamour to any who
look closely enough. Anyone who eats a Grape feels slightly
intoxicated and begins to lose their inhibitions. The more a
changeling eats, the less inhibited he becomes. The Grapes
contain no actual alcohol, however, so motor skills are not
impaired.

Satyrs call this Treasure the Grapes of Wrath because they
use them regularly to loosen up their enemies, either with the
intent of coaxing information from them, or more likely, to get

them to make fools of themselves. Goats love nothing more
than seeing a stuffy sidhe get wild and crazy in the middle of |
court.

HORN OF H&RMES (LEVEL 2 TREASURE)

Made of brass, this tarnished Treasure looks like a helicon,
or a large tuba. Its surface has pock-marks and the insignia of
winged boots, Hermes' sigil. Hermes served as the messenger of
the Unseelie fae of Olympus and was known among mortals as
the patron of travelers. He and Dionysus developed a friendship
when the satyr was still young. After Hera's second attempt on
Dionysus' life, Hermes gave him the horn.

The Horn of Hermes is carried with one arm through the
circle and rests on the shoulder. When blown, it lets the bearer
travel with incredible speed. Anyone who sees this action
notices only a blur anda flash of bronze, though he does hear the
resounding "oompah-pah" of the tuba receding into the dis-
tance.

The bearer doesn't need to know how to make beautiful
music on the Horn of Hermes, but she must be able to blow hard
enough into it to make a sound. It does not work otherwise. The
Horn weighs about 15 pounds but its size and shape make it
somewhat cumbersome.

THE HALXYON HALTER (LEVEL 3 TREASURE)

The halcyon wasa bird, identified with the kingfisher, that

had the ability to soothe the winds and waves when it nested
upon the sea during the ik — The bird's legend
originated in Greece, sw

Mediterranean to draw it, and then inthe cals seas, near oe
ports.

Halcyon have been extinct in Arcadia since before the
Shattering. They died with their legend. The last few halcyon
to die in the faerie realm were used to make Halcyon Halters so
that their memory was preserved. Decorated with the bird's
feathers, this halter makes an "X" across the chest of its wearer.
The crossing of the "X" sits right over the heart where the
brightest feathers stand out.

The Eisley on Halter soothes the wearer's pain. te wipes the

}
temporal? ily from the wearer'

memory Of sOrr

CHAPTER SIX: TOYS, TOOLS AND TANGSNTS 67


allowing her relief for however long she wears the Halter. As

| soon as she removes the Halter, however, her emotions return,

along with the remembrance of why she mourns. This Treasure
costs one point of Glamour to use, though anyone can trigger it,
not just the wearer.

MINOAN MOSAIKX (LEVEL 4 TREASURE)

The ancient art of mosaics was developed in ancient
Greece. It involves setting small pieces of colored tile in mortar
to form a picture or decorative design. The Minoan Mosaic
originated on Crete, during the reign of King Minos. According

_ to legend, this Treasure shows the image of a faceless person

until a changeling gazes into it for an extended period of time.
With the investment of Glamour (one point), the faerie begins
to see the face of her one true love appearing amidst the tiles.
Everyone has heard the tale of Narcissus and how, upon
seeing his own reflection in the smooth surface of a lake, he fell
may in love with himself. He could not break away and died
gazing at his own image. The}
where he had been and was named after him. What few people
know is that several years prior, he peered into the Minoan
Mosaic, but was disappointed when the only image he found
there was his own. He proclaimed the Mosaic to be a fake,
though later, he was proven wrong.

THE SANDS OF TIME [LEVEL > TREASURE)

Gathered one grain at a time from the shores of the
Cyclades — a band of about 200 Greek islands in the Aegean
Sea — this sand holds special healing powers. Some satyr
scholars claim that this sand is actually tiny pieces of Atlantis
that have washed up on the shore. As the centuries pass, the
Sands of Time become more and more rare. It takes a strong
Kenning ability to find such tiny fragments.

A pinch of the Sands of Time, blown
into the face of an injured change-
ling, heals all her wounds and
illnesses. One might even sus-
pect that time reverses itself
to a moment when she was
whole and healthy because
the Sands often have a
rejuvenating effect.
Yet, the Sands do not
removeaccumulated | g&#
Banality. E

68 KITHBOOK: SATYRS

SYRINX, PAN'S PIPE (LEGENDARY TREASLIRS)

The story of Pan and Syrinx has spread far and wide. It
remains one of the most loved of all the Greek fairy tales. The
word "syrinx" became the Greek word for "pipe" and is used
synonymously with the term "pan pipes." A syrinx has five
hollow reeds, cut to graduated lengths and bound together with
string or leather. It produces a sweet, high-pitched music that
lilts across great distances. Shepherds i By the hills of Greece play
them still and the sound of the pip
side.

P th
ross the country

The one and only Syrinx was the first pipe ever made. Pan
himself created it and kept it with him always. Its current
location remains unknown and many satyrs have undertaken
quests in the hope of finding it. Other kith think that the satyrs
have it and are keeping it in safe-keeping, but if that's true, it's
the best kept secret satyrs ever had. Satyrs keeping secrets? Yeah,
right.

Many of the Kithain have heard of this Treasure
and fear its appearance, for it has the ability to
inspire incredible passion in those who
hear its song. Because it was born of
true love, however, it does not
trigger generic passions in the
same way that the Gift of
Pan does. It instead
makes those who
mourn a lost love
feel the bitter-
sweet pain
more acutely,
and it urges
those whodo
love to act on
their emotions
with the target
of their affec-
tions. This mu-
sic intensifies all
of these feelings
and solidifies them
forevermore. He
who loves when he
hears the music of Syrinx will
love that person forever.


K1THBOOK

Name: Court: Seeming:
Player: Legacies: Society:
Chronicle: Title: Motley:
PN 3
I\TCRIOUTES
Physical Social CDencal
Strength. @O000 Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity @0000 Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina @0000 Appearance @0000 Wits @0000
aN
/\dilicies
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness 00000 Crafts 00000 Chimerical Alchemy____ 00000
Athletics OOOOO Drive OOOO0O Computer OOOO0O
Brawl OOOOO Etiquette OOOO0O Enigmas OOO00O
Dodge OOOOO Firearms 00000 Gematria 00000
Empathy OOOOO Leadership OOOOO Gremayre 00000
Intimidation OOOOO Melee 00000 Investigation OO0000
Kenning OOOOO Mining OOOOO Lore OOO00O0
Persuasion. OOOOO Security OOO0OO Medicine OOO00O0
Streetwise 00000 Stealth 00000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival OOOOO Science OO00O0
Advancages
Backgrounds Arcs Realms
OOOO0O OOO00O OOO00O
OOO00O0 OO00O OOO00O0
OO0O00O0 OO00O0 OOO0O0O
O0000 OOO00O0 OOOO0O
OQO00O0 OO00O0 OOO0O0O
= Ocher lraics =—— Glamour —_—Hedth—————
9000000000, So
QOOOOOOOOO fF. 1 a gQ
. Injured -l QO oO
—— Uillpower = Wounded -2 UO a
OOOQO00000 O Mauled 2 Q g
HBOO0000000 Crippled 5 O 4
Incapacitated Oo im)
=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold Banalizy =Birchrighcs/ Frailcies™
OO0O0O000000 Gift of Pan
Physical Prowess

Cxperience: [

NQOOOOO0000

Flaw: Passion's curse

>
\

Fellowship/ Household:

K1THBOO :

~ SATYRS

Sociecies/ Guilds

CDascer/LeigeLord: Sain Oay:
CDerics & Flaws
(Deric Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus
— a
KPERICNCE
Total: Total Spenc:
Gaineti From: Spenc On:
omoat

[Weapon

Difficulty] Damage |Conceal

Range | Rate | Clip Brawling Chare

Maneuver  Roll/Difficulty Damage Actions
1

Body Slam Dex+Brawl/7 Special

Grapple Dex+ Brawl/6 Strength 1
Kick Dex+Brawl/7 Strength+1 1
Punch Dex+Brawl/6 Strength ]

Class:

Rating:

___ Penalty:

Armor
Description:


<AEIEE  \-\y < 4 Usa Bey
SAT

YRS

) —— Expanded Background

Conca Holdings

Deca Den

Vas —oo Rein

a Possessions

Gear (Carried) Chimerical Icems
Treasures Chimerical Companions
$F reeholds ——
Locacion escripcion

ee
—————————

ee
——————

KITHBOOK

~ SATYRS"

History
Prelude

Date Ennobled: Secret Societies:

Appearance
Chronological Age: Mortal:
Apparent Age:
Date of Birth:
Hair:

Eyes: Fae:
Race:

Height:
Weight:

Visuals
Oach Bonds Chart Character Sketch


ISBN 1-56504-728-1
WW 7053 $15.00 U.S.
51500

9"781565"047280
PRINTED IN CANADA