# File: Lair of the Hidden.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

AN INconnu Chronicle for vampire: The Masquerades

By SARAH ROARH, DEAN SHOMSHAKH AND JANET TRAUTVETTER
VAMPIRE CREATED BY MARK REIN ® HAGEN


CREDITS

Written by:Sarah Roark, Dean Shomshak and Janet
Trautvetter. Vampire and the World of Darkness
created by Mark Rein® Hagen.

Storyteller Game System Design:

Mark Rein® Hagen

Developed by: Justin Achilli

Editor: Allison Sturms

SpeciaL THANKS

Chad "Night Monkey" Brown, for showing Uranus
the wonders of simian patronage.

Brian "He's Only Got Two and They're Not Spider-
Man" Glass, for unheeded warnings.

Brad "Computer Goggles" Butkovitch, for salvage
worthy of the Scavenger Lands.

Carl "b466" Bowen, for the old college buddy who's
always looking to save him money on printer toner,

Art Director: Richard Thomas mortgage, and Viagra.

Layout & Typesetting: Mike Chaney
Interior Art: Guy Davis, Matt Mitchell,
Conan Venus, and Kirk Van Wormer

Front Cover Art: Matt Mitchell

Front & Back Cover Design: Mike Chaney

5 © 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-

RO TOMA © oti or creas Rett, exc crc linet
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA

reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage
the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness
and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade,
Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Guide to the Camarilla,
Time of Judgment and Lair of the Hidden trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

PUBLISHING


TABLE OFCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION: THE House OF SECRETS

CHAPTER ONE: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE
CHAPTER Two: WITHINTHE WALLS

CHAPTER THREE: MuLTIpLe PERSONALITIES

Cuapter Four: THE ROADSTO HUNEDOARA (PLOTLINES)

APPENDIX: DOWERS OF THE ELDERS



A small industrial town dozes in the foot-
hills of the Transylvanian Alps. Not much ever
happens in Hunedoara. For more than four cen-
turies, the great events of the world passed it by.
Armies and revolutions ignored it. When Ro-
mania turned Communist, the good folk of
Hunedoara dutifully hung their dictator's por-
trait in every home. When bullets took the last
dictator's life, the Hunedoarans phlegmatically
took his portrait down again. The town's found-
ties and factories do not produce anything
unusual. Dozens of mill towns just like it dot the
Romanian landscape.

Except for the castle.

Five hundred years ago, Hunedoara was a
very important place. The town grew around a
castle called Hunedoara, named for the family

that built it, the Huniads or Hunyadis. Some
Hunyadis became kings. Their castle became
prison to another king, the deposed Vlad the
Impaler. In the 15th century, however,
Hunedoara Castle dropped out of history.
Completely. No one knows exactly what hap-
pened. Some historians think the Turks or
Hungarians destroyed it in one of the en-
demic Balkan wars. Most historians don't
think about the castle at all. Maps seldom
show its ruins. Ask the people of Hunedoara
where the castle stood and you receive a blank
look, a vague wave and a puzzled, "Oh, out in
the woods and hills somewhere. Not near
here." They would be very surprised to learn
that old maps show a magnificent castle less
than an hour's walk from downtown.

Intropuction: THe House oF SecreTs

5


The castle is unknown.

Inconnu.
ht

Hunedoara Castle still exists. It is not a
ruin; it is quite intact — and inhabited.
Twelve ancient vampires call it home, along
with their servants and... one other. They
call themselves Inconnu, a name well known
but quite mysterious to many Cainites, and
who shall dispute their claim? A curtain of
illusion and forgetfulness hides the castle from
mortal and undead eyes. From behind that
curtain of secrecy, the Twelve of Hunedoara
spin webs of power that reach around the
world. No enemy can find them. Their unlife
is a Cainite's utopia — power wielded in com-
plete safety.

The Twelve hate it. Their utopia has a few
small flaws. For one thing, they cannot leave.
The Inconnu of Hunedoara are trapped in
their house of secrets, trapped by their own
power and their own fears and grudges. They
cannot harm each other; they cannot stand
each other; they cannot get away from each
other. They are going mad.

And you are invited to their house. Enjoy
your visit.

ABOUT THIS BOOK

Lair of the Hidden presents what might be
the world's most powerful coterie of Cainites,
the Inconnu of Hunedoara. In its pages, you
will learn the secrets of the Twelve and the
castle they call both home and hell. Along
the way, you can expect to learn a little about
the pursuit of Golconda, pacts with spirits,
the machinations of elder Cainites and the
perils of getting what you want.

Do not expect to learn much about the
Inconnu. The Twelve of Hunedoara are merely
one group of Cainites that happens to use that
name. They have no authority or influence
over other Cainites who call themselves
Inconnu.

This is a scenario book. It is meant for
Storytellers. Players who read Lair of the
Hidden cheat themselves out of the story's
mystery, horror and adventure. We recom-
mend that players not read any further.

DISCLAIMER: GABRIEL BETHLEN
Never Step? Here

The account of the history of
Hunedoara Castle in Lair of the Hidden
departs from the history of the real castle,
due to the needs of this story. In the real
world, you can visit Hunedoara yourself:
The castle still stands in Romania and is
in remarkably good condition. In the
World of Darkness, however, history took
a drastically different turn — and that is
the Hunedoara Castle this story is about.

CONTENTS

Here's what you get in Lair of the Hidden:

Chapter One, History, tells the back-
ground of the Twelve and how they placed
themselves in their predicament. The chapter
also gives the history of the castle and its
mortal dwellers, which intertwine with the
history of Romania itself.

Chapter Two, Inside the Walls, describes
the castle as it exists tonight. More than a
guide to the castle itself, it tells about the
Twelve's nightly existence and how they in-
teract with the outside world.

Chapter Three, Those Who Dwell
Within, describes the 12 elder Cainites who
call Hunedoara their home. The chapter also
describes their chief servants and the Twelve's
enigmatic servant, master, jailor and protec-
tor.

Chapter Four, The Roads to Hunedoara,
provides ways to involve your players' charac-
ters in the schemes of the Twelve. The chapter
offers several ways to bring a coterie to the
Lair of the Hidden. A coterie faces terrible
danger to body and soul at Hunedoara Castle
— but the characters may find patrons, knowl-
edge or even a chance to help the entire
World of Darkness.

The Appendix describes the extraordinary
Discipline powers and thaumaturgical rituals
that the Twelve use to manipulate events far
from the castle. It also explains the pact that
protects the castle and its inhabitants.

Finally, a series of Relationship Charts
synopsizes the complex ties that bind the
Inconnu of Hunedoara together. This is a
quick-notes aid for Storytellers who might

Lark oF THe HippeN

6

otherwise have difficulty making sense of how
a dozen different Methuselahs feel about and
relate to each other — that is, any Storyteller
who's not a Methuselah herself!

THEME

"The truth will out" is the first theme in
Lair of the Hidden. No secret lasts forever.
The Twelve have hid for more than four cen-
turies, but the players' characters will discover
them. This can happen in several different
ways. Indeed, one of the Twelve might draw
the coterie to the castle as part of a convo-
luted scheme, thinking that he can control
the consequences of this act.

More importantly, the coterie may dis-
cover the ghastly means by which the Twelve
guarantee their secrecy and protection. That
revelation can doom the Twelve. The self-
styled Inconnu have hidden from themselves
as well as the world. They refuse to see how far
they have fallen from a noble past. One way or
another, the characters force a choice on the
Twelve, to confront the horror of their deeds
and the petty spite that divides them, or to let
that spite destroy them.

The castle itself is a place of secrets. The
Twelve are not what they seem; some of them
remain in hiding as long as they can. The
Twelve also possess lore unknown to other
Kindred, from personal memories of Carthage
to the parables of Saulot. For the greatest
secret of all, two entities whose power dwarfs
even the Inconnu dwell in the castle and
the Twelve know of only one of them.

The clash between means and ends pro-
vides the second theme to Lair of the Hidden.
The Twelve believe they do good. In fact,
they think they can save the world and stop
Gehenna. To protect themselves, however,
they commit cold-blooded murder. The bur-
den of their sin, as much as their confinement,
drives them to the brink of madness.

The characters face their own tests of con-
science. Hunedoara holds the promise of great
power, from the Twelve and other sources.
That power, however, carries a price. As the
characters learn the perils and promises of the
Twelve, they must ask themselves how far
they will go for the sake of power, knowl-
edge... or, perhaps, mere survival.

Intropuction: The House oF Secrets
7

A PReEviI0uUS PUBLICATION

This is not the first appearance of
Hunedoara and the Twelve. A briefer and
substantially different version of the castle
appeared in the first edition of A World

of Darkness, published in 1992 and long |

out of print. That version presented
Hunedoara Castle as the World Headquar-

ters of the Great Secret Brotherhood of ©

the Inconnu,

That first version had some inconsis-
tencies. Most importantly, it gave no clue
how ordinary players' characters could
actually encounter Hunedoara and the

Twelve. It also applied the name»of |

Hunedoara to an entirely fictitious castle,

with some hand-waving about the con- ©

cealment spell making people forget which
castle ought to carry the name. Well, re-
ally. Why even use the name if you don't
use the location?

Vampire has also changed conceptu-

ally. The Inconnu are no longer a Great
Secret Brotherhood that could have, or
want, a headquarters. Or maybe they are,
but that's entirely up to each Storyteller.
We do not intend to define the Inconnu
as anything but a mystery.

If you use the old version of the Twelve
and Hunedoara in your chronicle, you

have probably invented a great deal of ©

your own material for your chronicle. We
do not ask that you throw it out. Perhaps
you can adapt some aspects of Lair of the
Hidden for your own Hunedoara; perhaps
you can turn this version into a com-
pletely different group of hidden elders. If
you've never seen the older version, fear
not. Lair of the Hidden is complete and

self-contained. You do not need any book ©

except Vampire: the Masquerade itself to
use this scenario. Although we do refer to
material from other supplements now and
then, such as special Disciplines and Paths
of Thaumaturgy, we summarize the neces-
sary information in the text or in sidebars
like this one.

Moop

As the plot advances, the mood of Lair of
the Hidden changes. Before the characters
learn about the Twelve, Storytellers should
strive to impart a sense of mystery. Shadowy
forces move about the characters and enmesh
them in incomprehensible plots. Strange er-
rands, uncanny murders and bizarre events
hint at hidden hands. As the characters draw
near the castle, they encounter hints that one
of the hands may belong to God Himself.

The tension rises when the characters
reach Hunedoara, turning mystery into night-
mare. The Twelve strive to place visitors at
their ease — but the characters soon realize
they are trapped with a crew of vastly power-
ful maniacs in a castle haunted by something
far worse than any ghost. Dreams and spirits
blur the limits of reality itself in a place the
rest of the world does not believe exists.

REFERENCES AND
INSPIRATIONS

Storytellers who plan on using Lair of the
Hidden may want to spend some time on the
World Wide Web. You can find pictures of
the castle and town of Hunedoara on several
web sites, including sites managed by the Ro-
manian Ministry of Tourism. With a little
searching, you can show your players actual
rooms within the castle and tell them, "Okay,
your characters are here."

If you like movies for inspiration, we rec-
ommend those old Hammer Films horror flicks
like The Gorgon or Taste the Blood of Dracula
or, if you can stand the extreme campiness,
The Fearless Vampire Killers. Many of these
films are set in a late-19th century
Transylvania of the imagination, where every
village has a castle looming over it, a pomp-
ous police chief in a spiked helmet, a mad
doctor, a surly and secretive innkeeper and
enough mysterious deaths to set a coroner
gibbering. Our town of Hunedoara is that
village — but a century later, after Commu-
nism and industrialization. The police chief
no longer wears a spiked helmet, but he's still
pompous, while the innkeeper's great-great-
grandson runs a seedy hotel... but he still
keeps secrets and grows surly when people ask
too many questions.

La oF THe Hioben

8


We also recommend the Edgar Allan Poe
adaptations that Roger Corman produced or
directed for API, such as The Pit and the Pen-
dulum or Masque of the Red Death. Not only do
these movies provide a visual reference for
the overripe, archaic splendor of Hunedoara
Castle, they also deal with madness, secrets
and sins thought safely buried — the same
territory covered by Lair of the Hidden.

The mother lode of inspiration consists of
Poe's original stories and other gothic tales
from the 19th century. "Masque of the Red
Death" and "The Fall of the House of Usher"

hold particular relevance for Lair of the Hid-
den. For the very first tales of terror set in
castles, however, look up The Castle of Otranto
by Horace Walpole and The Mysteries of
Udolpho by Ann Radcliffe. Walpole's book is
very short, but be warned that Udolpho is
three volumes long! Fortunately, you can find
"good bits" abridged editions that focus on
the chapters that actually take place in the
ominous castle of Udolpho itself.

And, of course, Dracula by Bram Stoker
provides the ultimate guide and exemplar of
horror-haunted Transylvanian castles.

Intropucion: THe House oF Secrets

9



The three hardest tasks in the world are neither physical feats nor
intellectual achievements, but moral acts: to return love for hate, to include
the excluded, and to say, 'I was wrong.'

—Sydney J. Harris

How long is eternity? How do the gods measure
time? Night follows day, season follows season, year
follows year. The moon turns from the faintest of slivers
to full silver glory and back again to darkness in but a
month. Even the stars, that seem unchanging, move
over the passage of many mortal lifetimes. Children are
born, grow to adulthood, bear their own sons and
daughters, and wither away in the fullness of years.
Their children follow them, and their children's chil-
dren, generation after generation on the same land,
wresting green life from the soil, living as their parents
did, and their parents before them.

So, too, do civilizations live out their span, rising
out of the ashes of their predecessors, survivors of war
and plague and famine, moving from barren lands into

plenty, by migration or conquest. Kingdoms rise and
prosper, and then at the end, they fall into ruin, with
their people and lands being absorbed or conquered by
yet another such kingdom whose fortunes are rising,
rather than falling.

Indeed, not even the gods are truly immortal. For
everything fades in its own due time. Everything save
we, ancient heirs to a still more ancient curse. Trapped
outside the natural order of the world, we do not grow
old, nor do we fade. We measure only the nights, for the
days are lost to us. Night follows night follows night, in
endless, unvarying procession, stretching into eternity
itself.

Without compass or measure, eternity is very long
indeed.

—From the journal of Danika Ruthven

Cuarrer One: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE


HuUNEDOARA
CASTLE IN
MORTAL HIstTorRy

The castle referred to alternately as Hunedoara
Castle, Corvinesti Castle, or Huniadstadt once stood
onasteep promontory overlooking where the Zlasti
river turns and splits around a rocky island outcrop-
ping, forming a deep narrow gorge. Now all that can
be seen are a few ruined foundations and fragments
of the walls, overgrown and desolate, though his-
torical records are vague as to the nature of the
disaster or defeat that caused it to fall. Local legend
claims the site is haunted by the ghosts of victims
tortured to death in the castle's infamous dungeons,
and locals shun the place. Even in daylight the
broken ruins seem sinister and foreboding; at night,
they say, those who dare trespass on the cursed
ground are never seen alive again.

CASTLE OF
HUNGARIAN KINGS

Hunedoara Castle was built on the foundations
of a still older fortress, constructed by the Romans
after the conquest of Dacia. The original castle was
little more than-a triangular keep and a walled
compound when first erected in the 13th century. It
commanded a strategic vantage point on the river
in the Cerna Valley, which had been an iron-ore
producing and smelting industry even during the
time of the Romans. King Sigismund of Luxemburg
gave the castle, originally a royal Hungarian fief, to
a local Romanian nobleman named Vojk of the
Corvinus family in the late 1300s, in return for his
heroic deeds in the King's service and loyalty during
an uprising. Vojk, however, also served another
liege — the reclusive Tzimisce sorceress Danika
Ruthven.

Joun Hunyvapi, CRUSADER
AGAINST THE TURKS

Vojk's son, John Hunyadi, was born in 1385. A
devout Christian and consummate strategist and
general, John led a number of campaigns against the
Turks and was appointed voivode (governor) of
Transylvania by the King of Hungary. In 1444,
however, the Ottomans won a decisive victory at
Varna, and the Hungarian king was killed. The
Hungarian nobles appointed John Hunyadi as re-
gent for the kingdom until 1453, when the king's

son finally assumed his throne. Hunyadi promptly
returned to his crusade against the Turks, which
was even supported by Pope Calixtus III. With the
aid of Sir John Capstran, a monk, Hunyadi finally
defeated the Ottomans at Belgrade and prevented
them from conquering Hungary for another 70
years.

Despite his military successes, Hunyadi was
distrusted and hated by the predominantly Magyar
nobles of Hungary; his eldest son Ladislaus was
executed over a plot involving the assassination of
the king's uncle, and so at the old crusader's death,
the castle passed to his second son, Matthias
Corvinus.

During his lifetime, John Hunyadi expanded
Hunedoara castle, adding the two great halls, the
chapel, the back wing, and the great watchtower he
named Ne Boise (Do not be afraid) to be used as a
last refuge. For a few years, the castle hosted the
local Hungarian court, and it was widely regarded as
one of the most beautiful in Transylvania.

Danika Ruthven continued to claim the castle
as part of her domain, though she did not make any
attempts to exert more than the most minor of
influences over John Hunyadi himself, lest she
attract the unwelcome notice of too many of her
Cainite neighbors. Her agents in Hunyadi's court
and household guard kept a watchful eye on their
lord and reported any sign of outside interference or
mysterious advisors to her, and she then took what
steps she felt were necessary to prevent such influ-
ences from taking root — at least in her own
territories.

MATTHIAS CORVINUS, THE RAVEN KING
Born in 1443, the second son of John Hunyadi
took the name Corvinus, and bore the raven on his
coat of arms. In 1458, at the age of 15, he was
elected King of Hungary, an election that the Holy
Roman Emperor finally acknowledged in 1462. Like
his father, Matthias! fame as a crusader spread widely,
and he was approached by Vlad Dracul, Prince of
Wallachia and a former ally, John Hunyadi, for aid
against the Turks. However, Vlad's cruel reputation
and iron-fisted rule gave rise to suspicions as to his
true loyalties. Upon being presented with evidence
that Vlad, once a Turkish hostage, was conspiring
with the Turks to keep his throne, Matthias had the
Wallachian warlord imprisoned in Hunedoara
Castle, where he remained for nearly 10 years.
King Matthias was then persuaded by Pope Pius
II to take up arms against the King of Bohemia, who

Lair oF THe HippeN

12


Tue "DRACULA PROBLEM"
Strong-willed, ruthless, ambitious and cun-
ning, Vlad Dracul would have beena formidable
mortal ruler by Tzimisce standards in any case.
However, it soon became clear there was some-
thing else about him: He not only knew about
the existence of Cainites, but he also had proven
himself more than capable of beating them on
their own ground. He had pursued and beaten
not just Tzimisce minions, but Tzimisce them-
s; he had even sought the power inherent
in Tzimisce blood. His imprisonment by King
Matthias of Hungary, however, gave the
Tzimisce time to plan, and debate: What should
they do with this uncanny, dangerous mortal?
One faction, impressed with Dracula's ac-
complishments and sheer nerve, favored
Embracing the renegade prince, making him
one of the creatures he had hunted and de-
stroyed. Another faction, however, wanted
vengeance for the Tzimisce murdered by the
upstart and favored killing him — slowly. An-
other faction, including Danika Ruthven herself,
who had opportunity to meet and speak with
Dracula during his Hunedoara imprisonment,
judged him dangerous — too dangerous to ei-
ther Embrace or allow to survive. But Count
Vladimir Rustovitch had the final word; when
Vlad Dracul was released from his prison to go
fight the Turks, he subjected the mortal prince
to a blood bond and claimed him as a ghoul.
Little did Rustovitch realize, as he proudly
showed off his new "servant" to his peers, and
taught Vlad all he wanted to know about Cainite
society, what the consequences would be of
breaking the Silence of the Blood, or the true
nature of the monster he was about to let loose
into the eternal night....

had been excommunicated for his heretical Hussite
loyalties. Though the Bohemian council of nobles
never acknowledged him, Matthias conquered
Moravia, Silesia and Lusatia, and had himself
crowned as King of Bohemia.

But the real threat continued to be the Turks.
King Stephen Bathory of Moldavia, whose bor-
ders lay closer to the Ottoman Empire, finally
convinced Matthias that Vlad Dracula was their
best hope against the Turks, and Matthias let
the Wallachian prince go free. Dracula immedi-
ately raised an army against the Turks. In 1479,

Carrer One: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE

13


Vlad Dracula was reported killed in battle out-
side Bucharest; his head was triumphantly
displayed in Constantinople. Legend has it that
a band of local monks secretly buried his body,
ignoring the ban of excommunication that had
been proclaimed against him, but his grave was
never found.

Matthias had turned his attention once again
westward, fighting two wars against the Holy
Roman Emperor, finally even taking Vienna,
though his empire was lost after his death in
1490. During his rule Hungary reached its last
flowering before its fall to the Ottoman Empire.
He was harsh in his fiscal policy and in his
administration of justice, but he also valued
learning and science, and his library at Buda,
the Corvina, was one of the finest in Europe.

During his lifetime, he made further im-
provements on the castle at Hunedoara, which
he used as a summer residence when not engaged
in military actions. The castle passed to his son,
though the crown did not. The boy died at an
early age, however, and Matthias' widow mar-
ried the Marquis of Brandenburg. The marquis
had no interest in the remote castle and sent a
steward to hold it.

As the ownership of the Hungarian royal
castle came into the hands of foreigners, its
undead mistress had likewise left its responsibil-
ity in the hands of a surrogate — her youngest
childe, Anastazi, and a staff of ghouls. For a
time, other matters seemed more important than
the castle she had watched over for so long.

Hunedoara Castle faded out of history in the
early 1500s. While still technically a possession
of the Marquis of Brandenburg, and handed down
to his heirs, it remained a possession on paper
only, providing a small revenue from iron mines
and a source of worked leather, as well as tax
income from local farmers. But no member of
the family ever felt the urge to visit their distant
possession, even to inspect its true worth. By
1600, the castle was in ruins, and the property
all but forgotten, save for local shepherds and
woodcutters who sometimes dared that part of
the valley during the day, but were always very
careful to be on the far side of the river by dark,
lest the hoary spirits that now dwelt there follow
them home.

TRAVELERS ON THE
UNMAppeD Roapd

I give you a path to seek peace for your soul

Even in this bitter darkness.

I give you the light of hope, for you and your
children,

To await the day when anger fades, and pride gives
way to yearning.

The name of the path is Golconda,

And those who seek it with a true heart may yet gain
salvation,

Though they walk in the night like demons

And bear the curses of a thousand angels.

— The Erciyes Fragments, Book of Temptations

DANIKA'S Quest

Danika Ruthven had served the gods for centu-
ries, but in the past few hundred years had seen the
cults of Veles, Peron, ancient Triglay and Moist
Mother Earth fall into shadowy folklore, and the
gods of Rome crumble into dust. The new god had no
place for her, but condemned all her ancient kind as
demons no better than the ones she bound in ritual
each year anew. She was a sorceress and Shaper, a
priestess of the Mother, but she had outlived her
gods; for little remained but echoes in the forest or on
the mountaintops of their presence in the land.

War raged among the Tzimisce, ancient guard-
ians of the land. The Omen War against the Usurpers
had already thinned Tzimisce numbers; the inabil-
ity of the voivodes to act in unison or restrain from
stabbing each other in the back when opportunity
offered itself had doomed their offensive efforts
from the start. The younger Tzimisce, who faced the
Tremere and their stone-beasts in the front lines,
for all intents and purposes ended the war that
neither they, nor their elders, could win in a blaze
of rebellion. Responding to years of abuse and
callous disdain, the young Tzimisce anarchs broke
the bonds of blood and turned against their own
sires. Many Danika had known for centuries, some
even older than herself, fell to their childer's appe-
tites, or perished when their havens burned to the
ground. Rumor had it that even the Eldest himself
had fallen victim to anarch fangs, though Danika
knew her cousin Lambach far too well to give his
words much credence.

Now only a handful of the elders of the old clan
survived, and those had taken refuge in their remote

Lak oF THE HipDeN

14

mountain fortresses, or sought the relative peace of
torpor in some forgotten Carpathian cavern.

But Danika was not content to take that path.
It had never been her way to hide from the world,
nor refuse to face unpleasant truths. The glories of
past nights were gone; nothing would bring them
back. However, she felt restless, adrift, cut off from
the beliefs that had sustained her for so many years,
uncertain now of what the truth of her existence
had come to. Her gods had vanished from the world,
and she could not hear their voices now over the
clamor of church bells and chanting monks. What
purpose then did her undying existence have? For
what role had the dead water shaped her?

She meditated for a long time on this question,
but found no answers in her mountaintop, nor the
valley, nor the river. Yet since by all logic an answer
must exist somewhere, she resolved she would seek
it out. Now that the kings she had watched over,
whose castle she had guarded, were gone, she had no
more responsibilities to the mortal world, and could
go where she would. Yet it was not within her
Tzimisce blood to abandon her territory without a
custodian. She chose such a man, Anastazi Ladislav,
the seneschal of Hunedoara, and offered him the
Embrace, which he willingly accepted. She taught
him the basics of the Blood, charged him with the
guardianship of the castle and its valley, and then
left him to carry out his duties.

With a generous supply of her own grave-earth
secured in her baggage, Danika rode off into the
night, in search of answers for her soul. She traveled
west, into lands where other clans ruled the night
and Tzimisce were rare, and she discovered they
were feared as creatures of the devil. Here the
wicked Tremere held sway, whispering slander into
the ears of Ventrue princes, so that she found it
prudent to not announce herself, but use her gifts to
conceal her presence among them.

The clans of the West had joined themselves in
a new alliance, where they could overpower their
rebellious childer and force them back into subservi-
ence. This Camarilla also proposed to hide its very
existence from mortal eyes, taking the Silence of the
Blood to new extremes for fear of the hunters of the
Church, who had slain many of the Blood, from the
most inexperienced of fledglings to the most power-
ful of elders. Danika avoided them as well.

But the elders of the nascent Camarilla did not
have the answers she sought. Neither did the hid-
den Cainite lords who moved prince and elder on
the stages of Europe like pieces ona game board, nor

even their most inquisitive childer. Their attention
was focused outward, to the world of mortals, and
they seemed to be more interested in pretending to
be mortal themselves than understanding their true
natures. The remnants of the once-rebellious anarch
packs were no better, their attention focused on
vengeance and defying their elders, reveling in
savagery of the Beast, but failing to take responsibil-
ity for their actions under its goading.

One night, on a wooded hillside in Bavaria, she
heard the screams of the Tremere's rock-spawned
hounds, sensed the presence of another of the Blood
coming toward her, the hounds in pursuit. His aura
blazed with colors she had never before seen from a
childe of Caine, yet there was no doubt he was one of
the undead. As he turned to face the pursuing beasts,
she saw his third eye open, and knew what he was.

She might have acted in any case, for the Salubri
were few and hunted, and she had no love for the
Tremere or their pathetic lies. But there was also
something in his aura, in the intensity of his colors,
the serenity in his soul as he faced his foes that
intrigued her: She saw no trace of the Beast in him.

Against the strength of a koldun-priestess of the
earth and a Salubri warrior, however wounded and
weary, the Tremere hunter and his unnatural hounds
had no chance. The Salubri's sword was swift and
sure, and her intervention unexpected. The Usurper
warlock perished screaming impotent curses to the
night, and his beasts crumbled into ash with him.

Thus it was that Danika Ruthven met the war-
rior Rothriel, and she found her guide on the
unmapped road at last.

THe WARRIOR SAGE

Rothriel was unlike any Cainite Danika had
ever encountered in all her nights. Far older than
herself, he had dedicated himself to the art of the
sword and his clan's war against the infernal for
uncounted centuries. But unlike the Tzimisce war-
riors she had known, who had grown jaded and cruel
from uncounted years of inflicting death on their
enemies, the Salubri knight had retained much of
his humanitas and sense of honor.

His strength of spirit, however, came from some-
thing else. When he had thanked her for her aid
most graciously and in perfect Latin, Danika asked
if she might travel with him. He seemed at first
reluctant, for as he said, the Tremere would soon be
on his trail again, even more resolute now that
another of their number had died in the hunt.

Carrer ONE: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE

15


THe WARRIOR ROTHRIEL

The Salubri warrior known as Rothriel had
already seen two millennia pass before he en-
countered the woman who became Mahtiel, his

shield-mate, studentand lover. Born in the Bronze —
Age Harappan city of Dholavira on the Indian ©

subcontinent, he traveled widely with his father
and uncle, who were merchants, and learned
from boyhood the use of a sword. He was an

inquisitive soul, fascinated by everything he saw, |
full of many questions, His curiosity intrigued a

Salubri warrior named Ezrael, who took the boy

on as a bodyguard at first, and then as a student. |

Seeing in the young man a courageous spirit as
well as a questing mind, Ezrael eventually offered

him the Embrace. On his ritual Blooding asa ~
Salubri warrior, overseen by the ancient Samiel _

himself, he took the angelic name of Rothriel.
Rothriel fought in many of the conflicts of
his clan, against the followers of Moloch and the
swarm of Chorazin. He served as escort and
guardian for healers of Saulot's blood, and was
privileged to have once sat and learned at the
feet of the Father himself. He wandered through
many lands, lent his sword and the strength of his

arm wherever there was need, and served many

Cainite lords.
The devotion that he and Mahtiel shared
became a legend among the Salubri. Few of the

Blood ever knew such a bond as the one that ~

existed between them; only the murder of the
Father brought it to an end: When many of the
warriors cried out for vengeance, to rise against
the Tremere as they had once fought the Baali,

Rothriel was one of those who spoke against |
revenge. For was it not better to remain true to.

what the Father had taught, no matter what the

price demanded of them? Even if it meant de- |

struction, it was better to perish than betray the
principles that had always been their greatest
strength. It was a position Mahtiel, still com-
paratively young in the blood and fiercely devoted
to her clan, could not understand.

Yet it was that very willingness to permit
himself to be destroyed rather than deny the
Code he had so long followed that permitted him

to find his way on the unmapped road, and ~

achieve the peace of Golconda — or so both
Mahtiel and Danika firmly believe.

But she was persistent, pointing out that two were
much stronger against an enemy than alone. And
when that did not seem to move him, she told him of
her long quest, the emptiness in her heart, and begged
him to tell her how he had rekindled the colors of his
soul. It was a plea the Salubri could not deny.

They traveled together for several years, while
Rothriel taught her what he knew of the path of
Golconda. He had learned it, he said, from an
ancient member of his own clan, who had learned it
from the Father himself. It was not a wisdom that
could be learned from books, or easily discovered
without a guide, for it required mastery over all
aspects of one's heart, soul and mind — even the
Beast itself.

It was not easy for Danika, for centuries a
priestess and koldun, mistress of the elemental spir-
its, to bow herself like a newly risen childe to the
words of her teacher. All that she had known as
truth she was required to put aside, to accept a new
truth she could not yet understand. There were
times she despaired of ever mastering even the
simplest of the exercises Rothriel put her to. And
yet he was always patient, even when she was not,
and weathered all her frustration, anger, incipient
frenzy, hunger and many, many errors with a steel
resolve that would not allow her to accept anything
but her very best. Once she set foot on the path to
Golconda, she knew there was no turning back.

THe DiscipLes OF MOKUR

Salubri have many tales of their Father's travels
to the East, where he learned many things of great
wisdom. One tale speaks of Saulot's voyage over the
eastern sea to a green, mountainous island said to be
a paradise on Earth. He did not stay long, for he did
not wish for the curse of Caine to mar such a
beautiful place. But when he left, he took the man
who had been his guide on the island away with him
to be his disciple and serve as a reminder of all he
had seen. The man was of the Jomon people, and his
name was Mokur.

Mokur was a simple potter, but he had a rare
clarity and immediacy of perception; for him, nei-
ther life nor undeath were improved by
over-complication. For uncounted years he trav-
eled with his sire, both learning from the Father's
ancient wisdom and serving in his own way as
anchor for Saulot's restless mind and spirit. He
learned of the Unmapped Road from Saulot him-
self, and as the years went by, became widely known
as a teacher of its ways as well. After the tragic loss

Lair oF THe Hippen

16

of Saulot's wisdom and the final deaths of so many
of his blood, Mokur was one of the eldest surviving
members of his clan, and much sought after — by
both would-be students, and would-be diablerists.
Patient and wise, leading by example and toler-
ating no insolence on the part of his students, Mokur
taught any who came to him ona true spiritual quest.
Rothriel was but one of many aspirants who studied
at his feet; the ancient Brujah physician
Eshmunamash of Tyre was another. But it was the
Ventrue sorcerer Cret, childe of Mithras, who be-
came Mokur's best known disciple, for Cret did
something with the teachings of Saulot that no other
student had attempted — he wrote them down.

FROM THE ANALECTS OF SAULOT

A student said to his master, "All direc-
tions lead to the valley of shadows, but only
one path leads to Golconda. Master, please
show me where that road begins."

The master drew a line in the ground with
his staff. "Here," he said.

THe CHRONICLER OF GOLCONDA

A native of Corinth, Cretheus was a scholar,
philosopher, priest of Mithras and accomplished
blood sorcerer who sought learning wherever he
could find it, traveling through many lands. Cretheus
became one of Saulot's most ardent disciples, with
aresearcher's penchant for record keeping; he tran-
scribed many of Saulot's parables and stories, and
sought to devise an orderly and logical approach to
the transcendent state of Golconda that his master
spoke of.

After Saulot's destruction at the fangs of
Tremere, Cretheus vowed to carry on his master's
work. He sought out Mokur, eldest of Saulot's sur-
viving childer, to continue his path toward
Golconda. Cret (as he became known) also at-
tracted students of his own due to his writings being
circulated among the more spiritual elders of Cainite
society. As such, he was able to take on the roles of
teacher, chronicler, counselor, and effective ad-
ministrator for an informal school of Golconda
seekers. In doing so, he also set himself up as door-
keeper to Mokur himself, thus preventing the Master
from being deluged by questions from beginning
seekers on the path, or the insincere.

Some of the group's other prominent disciples
included Cret's childe Hill, and the Nosferatu mys-
tic known as Vanth. The school also attracted the

attention of Pentweret, an eccentric and enigmatic
magician-priest of the Snake Clan. Pentweret saw
great similarities between the philosophies of Set
and the teachings of Saulot; both emphasized the
knowledge and acceptance of one's own inner na-
ture in order to gain mastery over it. His path to
Golconda was strongly influenced by Setite mental
disciplines and philosophy, which emphasized con-
fronting one's deepest desires through tests and
ordeals. The difference in his and Cret's approach
to the Unmapped Road led to some very lively,
sometimes quite heated, debates and discussions
between them.

Through it all, Mokur listened quietly, and
when asked which of the two strong-willed philoso-
phers was closer to the truth, he merely smiled.

THe Priestess of ERCIYES

The promise of Raphael to Caine is recorded in
the Book of Temptations, one volume of the leg-
endary Cainite texts that comprise the Book of Nod.
Once enshrined at the Temple of Erciyes, it has
been copied and translated many times, and it is on
this text that all teaching of the path of Golconda
is based. A partial copy of the Book of Nod, contain-
ing that precious section of the Book of Temptations,
made its way from Erciyes to the mysterious Monas-
tery of Shadows, and eventually into wider — though
still exclusive — circulation among Cainites.

To the Temple of Erciyes came Drenis, former
priestess of a now-forgotten cult, seeking sanctuary
and peace for her much-battered soul. Peace eluded
her, but she instead encountered a nameless Salubri,
who had come to Erciyes in search of a fragment of
the Book of Nod. She.assisted him in locating the
book he sought, and then stayed to learn what he
found in it. The more she heard, the more the
ancient words spoke to her. Meticulously, carefully,
she scribed her own copy of the texts, though their
true meaning was concealed from her, and then she
set out to find a teacher who would guide her to
Raphael's promise. She sought first for one of Saulot's
blood, for the Book promised that his childer would
light the way. But the childer of Saulot had never
been numerous, and had been hunted nearly to
extinction. Worse, she found herself hunted as
well, by her own Cappadocian kin who sought to
make their own Giovanni bloodline supreme in the
Clan of the Dead.

She found her answer — or at least the begin-
ning of her path — in the kindly eyes of a childe of
Malkav, who wept with joy when she showed him

Cuarter One: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE

7


the books she carried. Demetrius was himself on the
path to Golconda, seeking wisdom wherever his
feet led him, and he invited her to walk with them
as longas their paths lay together. Drenis was at first
elated and then discouraged when she met the
Malkavian's stoic, silent companion, the Salubri
warrior Mahtiel. She knew a broken spirit when she
saw one; how could such a one be a guide to tran-
scendence? But she had found no other yet, and
there was certainly safety in numbers. She agreed to
go along.

THe DHysICcIAN OF CARTHAGE

The scholar Eshmunamash had fled the city his
clanmates still dream of as a lost utopia;
Eshmunamash has given up trying to dispute the
legend. A wanderer who had once met Saulot and
had enjoyed a long friendship with the Salubri, he
was deep in grief to hear the news of Saulot's
passing. He had been on the path to Golconda
himself for many, many years; now how would he
ever reach the summit without the Master to guide
him? But then he remembered Cret's nearly obses-
sive transcriptions from Saulot's own words, and

hope began to rekindle itself in his unbeating heart.
He sought out Cret to study these precious volumes
for himself. With Mokur and the written word of
Saulot as his guides, and the support of the rest of
the ancient Salubri's disciples, he came to believe
that Golconda lay within his reach at last.

FROM THE JOURNAL OF ROTHRIEL:

What can I tell you about the Beast, the
hunger and rage that dwells within our souls?
This is what my Master taught me: A man was
walking down the road, and beheld a strange
sight. Coming toward him was a wise man, clad
in white, walking with a great dragon by his
side. And the fearsome creature was tethered to
the wise man only by a thin leash, which he held
in his hand.

The man marveled at this and said to the
wise man. "How can you control such a mighty
dragon with such a thin leash? If it were mine,
I would have it bound with a stout chain and
collar of iron."

And the wise man said, "If I cannot control
him with a leash, a chain would do me no more
good, for he is far greater and stronger than I am."

Tzimisce Hospitatiry

In the waning years of the 15th century, Rothriel
and Danika's wandering had taken them to the bor-
ders of Transylvania. Suddenly seized with a longing
to see her own lands again, she invited Rothriel to
return with her as well and spend the coming winter
in the security of her castle. Although at first reluc-
tant, for Hunedoara was far closer to Ceoris than felt
comfortable to him, he finally agreed.

But when she returned to her valley, she discov-
ered a terrible thing had occurred. Her castle now was
the site of a Tremere chantry; her childer were de-
stroyed, and her people forced to serve the Usurpers'
demands. The land cried out to her, ravaged by un-
natural magics.

It could not be borne, despite Rothriel's warning
that such a detour from the narrow path of Golconda
might make the return to it even more difficult than
to find it in the first place. She turned to him, and
asked for his help, so that she might save her people
and not wander too far from the path he led her on.
And of course, the Salubri, being both a warrior with
no love for Tremere, and being so petitioned, could
not deny her. They found that of all her childer, only
Anastazi survived; despite his protests that he was no
warrior, he was immediately drafted to aid her in
taking back her domain.

But even with Rothriel's extraordinary warrior's
skills and Danika's own koldunic powers, they lacked
the strength to defeat their enemies; the Tremere were
well-situated, with mortal and undead servants to de-
fend them, and the castle's walls were high and strong.
They needed an army, but even if Danika could inspire
the peasants to attack their new masters, they would be
no match for the undead wizards.

Rothriel sent out a summons to another of his
kind, a fellow warrior to aid them in their attack, and
began to help Anastazi turn the mortals they had
recruited into an army. Danika turned to the old
warcraft of her clan, the reshaping of flesh and bone.
Using prisoners and peasant "volunteers," she created
avozhd, a war ghoul, strong enough to uproot a tree or
disembowel a horse, and hungry for Tremere blood.

Unfortunately, the Tremere discovered them be-
fore they were truly prepared, and there was no choice
but to fight with whatever resources they had at hand.
Danika released the vozhd, and called on the powers of
the earth and sky and the spirits of the land; Anastazi
and Rothriel led the mortal troops. In the end, they
were successful, and the Tremere — there were only

Lar oF THE HipdeN

18

four of them in residence at the time — were de-
stroyed.

But the victory was not without cost. Rothriel,
stalwart warrior though he was, found himself cor-
nered on the bridge by the Tremere regent and his
ferocious rock-beasts. Before the vozhd could reach the
warrior's side, the Tremere had managed to use his
sorcery to lift Rothriel off the ground, so the warrior
had no leverage with which to strike or dodge the
talons of the gargoyles, which sought not to rend his
flesh but to catch and hold him still — for the stake
which the Tremere regent was preparing to send into
his heart. Knowing his fate should he be taken captive
and unwilling to go down without a fight, Rothriel
turned his attention to the unnatural creatures whose
talons gripped his flesh. His Eye opened one last time,
and he sent his power radiating out from his body to
theirs in waves of burning, fiery agony. Screaming in
pain and fury, the gargoyles let go their hold on him —
and then, heedless of the shouts of their master, the
enraged beasts literally tore him apart.

Neither the gargoyles nor the Tremere survived
their victory, but there was little satisfaction in their
destruction. Even the ashes of Ceoris itself would not

begin to pay for the loss of sucha wise and gracious being
as Rothriel had been. Danika built a memorial shrine
for him near where he had fallen on the bridge, but that
did not ease the sorrow in her heart.

Perhaps only the sincerity of Danika's grief and
her dedication to what Rothriel had taught her saved
her from the wrath of Mahtiel when the Salubri
warrior finally arrived at Hunedoara. Responding to
Rothriel's call for aid but arriving too late, Mahtiel
had felt her ancient lover's Final Death from a hun-
dred miles away. Numb with the shock of the broken
bond, barely maintaining control in the overwhelm-
ing anguish of her loss, Mahtiel refused to stay at the
castle, and once Rothriel's ashes were recovered, she
rode away into the night.

CAPTIVE OF THE TREMERE

The biggest constraint Danika faced in her
attack was one the Tremere shared as well — she
didn't want to damage her real estate, especially the
castle itself, any more than she absolutely had to in
order to be victorious. So it was that when the last
of the Tremere crumbled to ash, and she surveyed
the castle's rooms, she discovered many things of
great interest. The Tremere's mortal slaves she
killed or gave to the vozhd as a reward for a job well
done; their ritual rooms she cleansed with koldunic
rites and fire; their treasures she took for her own.

rarer One: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE
19

But in the castle's underground vaults, she found
a prisoner, a grotesque and naked wretch staked and
laid out on a worktable, his leathery, crusted hide
carved with arcane symbols. Whatever the sorcer-
ers had planned to do with him, their ritual had
been interrupted. She debated with herself whether
she dared to release him, or if it would be more
merciful to simply destroy him, for he seemed on the
edge of madness from their torments.

And yet, she knew Rothriel would not have
slain him. So she sacrificed one of her more seri-
ously wounded to trickle mortal blood into the
gaping maw, as well as some of her own; she spoke
to him in soothing tones and stroked his bony brow,
watching for some sign of returning reason or sanity
in the mad, staring eyes. Only on the third night,
when the bond was complete, was she rewarded
with his attention; the eyes followed her as she
walked, and when she laid a hand on the stake that
bound him, she saw one dark, bloody tear seep out
of the corner of his eye.

The only name she could find in his thoughts
was Bufo, meaning "toad," a cruel, if descriptive,
epithet apparently given him by his captors. His
real name was buried in his tortured memory, which
she had no desire to plumb. He did not speak, but
seemed to understand her well enough; grateful to
be freed, he groveled at her feet, eager to obey her
slightest command. And so Bufo came to serve the
Lady of Hunedoara, an act of mercy that Danika
hoped Rothriel's spirit, at least, approved of.

FROM THE ANALECTS OF SAULOT

One day while the Master was giving a
lesson, one of his disciples came and fell on the
ground before him, weeping tears of blood.

"I have broken your commandments, Mas-
ter," he said. "I fed in anger, and killed the one
who gave of himself to me. I am not worthy of
Golconda! I deserve only to die!"

"Did you not kill even before you first chose

‘ toset foot on the road?" the Master asked. "And
yet the weight of the sins you bore then did not
keep you from beginning your journey. Is the
burden of another so great that you cannot put
your foot forward instead of turning back?"

"But I should know better now!" the dis-
ciple wept.

"You do," the Master replied. "Now learn
from what you know."

THe INVITATION

Now once again the mistress of Hunedoara, but
bereft of her mentor and feeling the weight of the
sins on her back, Danika sat in the Council Hall of
her castle and brooded over the path before her.
How could she find her way now, keep her feet on
the proper path, now that her teacher was gone?
Who else could guide her on the road?

Rothriel had spoken to her of his own teacher,
an ancient childe of Saulot known as Mokur, whom
he had believed was still walking the night; he had
even considered taking her to meet him when she
reached an appropriate point in her studies. He had
not, however, said where this Mokur might be
found.

And so Danika marshaled all her forces, the
spirits of the air and the water, and her mortal
servants, to seek for the Salubri master. It took her
nearly two years, but she at last found a trace, a
rumor of a mysterious "school" of Cainite mysteries
in Tuscany. Italy, she knew, was currently wracked
with mortal war; if Mokur was indeed there, he
would not be there long. She dared not desert her
own lands again, and she certainly did not wish to
venture into a war zone.

The solution was so elegantly clear. She dis-
patched a messenger to, Tuscany, bearing her
invitation to Mokur and his fellows to leave war-
torn Italy and find sanctuary in her well-defended
castle in Transylvania. Here, she promised them,
they could dwell and study in peace, and in comfort;
all she asked was to be permitted to study with
them, and see to their needs.

As it happened, her invitation came none too
soon. The villa where Cret, Mokur and their follow-
ers were based was unfortunately on the path of the
French Army, an army containing many mercenar-
ies who looked to looting for much of their pay, and
containing an occasional ambitious Camarilla co-
terie looking for Cainite blood. Cret was loath to
trust any invitation from a stranger, much less a
Tzimisce stranger, even if she had once known
Rothriel. Clearly her protection had not saved her
former teacher, how could she guarantee they would
be safe? However, his warning did no good. Mokur
was determined to go to Transylvania, and if his
disciples wished to continue their studies with him,
they would have to come along, too.

Some months later, a footsore but very im-
pressed band of Inconnu walked across the bridge
into Hunedoara's gates, the castle's towers looming
overhead, torches and a bonfire lighting the court-

Lair oF THe HIDDEN

20


yard, where Countess Danika Ruthven greeted them
with the full Tzimisce welcome ritual.

THe INCONNU
AT HUNEDOARA

To play hostess to such an illustrious gathering
of Cainites was a great honor, and Danika took her
responsibilities in that regard seriously. She felt
privileged as well to just listen to Mokur speak; his
very words brought a new lightness and hope to her
soul. Perhaps there was hope; perhaps there was a
way for a vampire to be free of the Beast.

The Inconnu had been at Hunedoara for only
two or three months when Eshmunamash rode up to
the gates, toting along his entire library on the
backs of three pack mules, and petitioned Danika
and Mokur most cordially to join their discussions.
The ancient Brujah brought his own version of the
Unmapped Road with him, and discussions grew
even livelier.

Two years later, the nomadic Assamite
Abdalkutba showed up, claiming to have followed
asign in the heavens themselves in order to find the
Inconnu retreat. With him came another seeker as
well: Zamra Matoub, the proud Lasombra Prince of
Algiers, seeking freedom from frenzy that had al-
ready cost her the lives of several she held dear. So
impressed was she at the wisdom gathered in
Hunedoara's walls, she invited them all to return
with her to Algiers, where they could continue
their discussions and teaching in safety.

This did not sit well with Danika, who saw the
Lasombra's invitation asa blatant insult and a play to
steal her prestigious guests, and certainly a violation
of the hospitality Danika had so freely offered. Only
the intervention of Mokur and Eshmunamash pre-
vented sharp words from escalating into something
worse. Upon the others' persuasion, Zamra apolo-
gized, claiming the invitation was not intended as an
insult to her hostess, and if this was where wisdom
was to be found, then she would seek it here. Danika
accepted the apology rather stiffly, but at least for the
moment, the tension in the air subsided.

Then in the early winter snows, three more
weary Cainites arrived at the gates, led by the
Malkavian mystic Demetrius, already known to
Cret and Eshmunamash through decades of corre-
spondence. With him came Drenis, a priestess of
the Clan of Death, who was also seeking the peace
of Golconda, and who carried with her the Noddist

books of Erciyes (much to the delight of the scholar
Inconnu). Leaning on his arm, a bloody sword in
her other hand and limping from a yet unhealed
wound, was the Salubri warrior Mahtiel.

A CoMPpAny OF PILGRIMS

Hunedoara now possessed the Cainite popula-
tion of asmall city, most of them elders. Without an
actual city to support them, Danika's duty as hostess
to provide for her guests' needs became a logistical
nightmare. Danika and Anastazi went to consider-
able lengths to feed the multitudes without
sacrificing their own peasant stock. Fortunately
there were other sources of vitae in Transylvania
whose disappearance would raise no questions: con-
demned peasant rebels, Turkish prisoners of war,
and mortal spies sent by the Tremere.

Unfortunately, some of the Inconnu had either
feeding restrictions or, worse, principles. As ini-
tiates on the road to Golconda, they strove to rise
above the base instincts and brutality of the preda-
tor — therefore, the nature of their vessels and how
they fed were of utmost importance to them.

Danika found it prudent to expand the castle's
working mortal population, building up a host of
blood-bound servants accustomed to the Kiss, whose
duties outside of providing sustenance for the
Inconnu ranged from washing clothes to tending
sheep, and all manner of crafts and handiwork in
between. Peasants condemned to be executed for
rebellion found a new life — and contentment with
their lot — working her fields; Turkish soldiers
accepted the blood and a new mistress and guard
duty on Hunedoara's gates and walls. Tremere spies,
however, were too dangerous to grant even the
slightest bit of mercy; and since Bufo and the vozhd,
now knownas the Sclav, also needed to be fed, none
argued with her disposition of them.

Yet such a gathering of Cainites could not go
unnoticed forever. In particular, the Tremere of
Ceoris sought to discover just who — or what —
had wiped out their brothers and taken command of
the fortress of Hunedoara. While the Sclav and her
own koldunic rituals were a potent defense, the
Usurpers had the advantage of numbers.

Danika did not ask her guests to aid in the
castle's defense, but several of them — particularly
Pentweret, Mahtiel and Hill — were more than
willing to doso. The combined forces of the Inconnu
thwarted an attack by a rather potent coterie of
Tremere and gargoyles; after that, surprisingly, no
further such attacks came.

Crarrer One: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE

21


Danika was unaware of it, but the tale the lone
surviving apprentice had told of misshapen mon-
sters, walking corpses, demonic spirits, and a giant
serpent caused even the Master of Ceoris no little
concern. Clearly whatever Cainite now possessed
Hunedoara Castle — if it was a Cainite at all — was
very old and powerful indeed, a Tzimisce Methuselah
like the legendary Yorak or Triglav, only recently
risen from centuries of sleep. Auguries cast by
Tremere diviners pointed to a great power growing
in the land, a power not friendly to House and Clan
Tremere. That the power might be a coterie of
allied ancient Cainites rather than a single
Methuselah apparently did not even occur to them.
It was no secret that the older Cainites grew the less
likely they were to work well in concert. Certainly
the Tzimisce had never done so, even at the height
of their war. There was no reason to suspect that the
Tzimisce had suddenly become innovative and less
quarrelsome.

Faced with this quandary, Etrius decided to hold
back until his spies could determine more precisely
what they were dealing with; meanwhile, he began
the preparations to move the central leadership of

Clan Tremere, and the torpid body of Tremere him-
self to the chantry in Vienna, further away from an
unexplained and clearly dangerous neighbor.

THe Voice oF REASON

That the Inconnu of Hunedoara acted in con-
cert when a clear threat was presented them was one
thing, but when no such common cause existed, the
seekers of Golconda were anything but of one mind.
Cret favored rationalism and a systematic progres-
sion of tests; Eshmunamash and Demetrius favored
a more spiritual and less regimented path centered
on atonement and redemption; Pentweret chal-
lenged every statement a professed expert made,
believing that only through overcoming obstacles
and opposition could the real truth be discovered.
Sometimes the discussion was heated, and Danika
would worry over the possibility some of these
powerful Cainites might come to blows. Yet every
time the debate grew too loud, too close to becom-
ing more than mere argument, Mokur stood and
spoke fora while, and somehow diffused the tension
without actually declaring any single view as right,
wrong or more valid than any other. The ancient
Salubri did not lecture his disciples; he taught
through short parables, or by asking questions that
the others would then debate in order to find the
best possible answer. Yet whenever Mokur stood up

to speak, all the others would stop to listen to
whatever the Master had to say.

None of them realized how short a time he
would be with them.

One night, Mokur came privately to Danika to
thank her personally for all she had done for him
and the other Inconnu. She accepted his thanks
graciously, and assured him once again that he and
his followers would always find a refuge under her
roof. She didn't realize his visit was in fact a fare-
well; it wasn't until much later that night that the
assembly of Cainites discovered that Mokur was no
longer in the castle.

They searched for him until dawn, and then
again the following night. Apparently he had packed
his few belongings and simply walked unseen out
the gate; not even the Sclav had noticed him
leaving. Using Bufo as a bloodhound, they followed
Mokur's trail for several miles as the Salubri elder
traveled into the mountains. Then, all at once, the
trail ended. Bufo snarled as he sniffed at the ground;
but Danika did not need the Nosferatu to speak in
order to know what had happened, what creatures
had made the tracks they saw left in the forest loam.

Mokur had been taken by the Tremere.

Tue DIABLeRIe OF MOKUR

Here, at last, was what Etrius, Master of Ceoris,
had been searching for all these years: the last
childe of Saulot, the last known 4th-generation
Salubri. His chance to become equal with the other
members of the Seven, to lower his own generation
to match his more aggressive peers. The circum-
stances were odd; the Tremere hunters who had
captured him said the Salubri had not offered any
resistance. He'd simply asked them to take him to
his father. Following the instructions Etrius had
given them, they'd brought him, staked but still
undead, directly to Ceoris. The implications were
even slightly disturbing — Saulot had not resisted
either.

Etrius did what he knew he had to do. And on
that moment, as he took the ancient soul into his
own, he knew why Mokur had come. Take me to my
Father. Somehow, somehow, Mokur believed he had
heard the voice of Saulot. Calling him. Yet, it had
been Tremere himself who had roused enough the
night before to tell Etrius where to find the ancient
Salubri on the road a few miles from Hunedoara.

More importantly, Etrius now knew what was at
Hunedoara, and what a danger they posed, espe-
cially now that their master had succumbed to his

LAR oF THE HIDDEN

22


fangs. He could not allow them the benefit of
preparation, of planning their revenge. He had to
strike now, hard, destroy them before they took it
into their heads to destroy him.

Etrius called in all the forces he could muster,
both military and arcane, and sent them to attack
the castle of Hunedoara.

FROMTHE ANALECTS OF MOKUR

One night a student asked Mokur to
speak of God. Mokur replied, "How can I
explain God when | cannot explain mortals
or Cainites?" Then the student asked Mokur
to tell of the afterlife and the world of the
dead. Mokur said, "I do not fully understand
this world. How, then, can I understand the
next one?"

Cret's Commentary: I have spoken much
to gods and spirits and visited their world. This
effort taught me patience and mastery of my own
mind, but the gods know nothing of the Beast or
the Way. The journey had more value than the
destination.

Eshmunamash's Commentary: We com-
mit our crimes in this world. Our atonement and
salvation must happen in this world as well.
Golconda lies on Earth, not in Heaven.

THe PACT OF
NIKANUURANU

The Inconnu sensed their master's Final
Death, but were no more united on what to do
about it than they had been about their philoso-
phy. Danika's fury in particular knew no bounds,
for she suspected the Tremere had somehow lured
the ancient out of her care. Mahtiel's cold rage
matched her own, and Hill was more than ready
for a fight. Still, Eshmunamash and Cret coun-
seled caution, for this was the center of Tremere
power they were so casually discussing attacking.
Abdalkutba said the stars did not support such a
brash move. Drenis and Vanth, though broken-
hearted over Mokur's loss, held that he would
never have condoned vengeance on his behalf.

Before they could agree on a course of action,
the Tremere did it for them; even with the army
approaching, the Twelve argued until they rose
one evening to discover themselves under siege.
The mortal soldiers, however, were not the great-
est threat. A large number of the Usurpers
themselves had come as well, traveling in sealed

caskets during the day to make time, and now
erected a powerful warding around the army's en-
campments, so that the spirits and magical forces
commanded by the sorcerers among the Twelve
could not reach their targets.

The castle did not lack for defenders; the entire
village had fled inside the walls as the army ap-
proached, and Danika's own mortal guardsmen
manned the walls and towers. She and the other
sorcerers — Cret, Hill, and Pentweret — did what
they could to magically enforce the castle's defenses
against both sorcerous and physical attacks. How-
ever, unlike the Tremere, whose greatest strength
lay in their ability to combine their collective
magical power into a far greater whole, the magic
Danika and herallies wielded came from very differ-
ent traditions and had never been designed to work
together. Danika could not reinforce Pentweret's
spells if he grew weary; Cret and Hill could not
command the elemental spirits summoned by
Danika's will if she faltered or was injured.

The Tremere had no such difficulties. Further-
more, they could draw on the power of their entire
clan through ritual linkage if they deemed it neces-
sary. The great age of some of the Twelve would be
of little use against such a summoning of force.
Although she did not want to admit it, Danika
could see — as most of her allies could — that they
were doomed. Even worse, the Twelve were still not
of one mind. Zamra could not help but point out
that Algiers, which had no Tremere, had been a
safer option than staying in a castle less than a
week's march from Ceoris. Mahtiel and Hill wanted
to fight rather than wait out a siege. Drenis and
Vanth argued that it was against all Mokur's teach-
ing to be responsible for the deaths of so many
mortals, on both sides.

Cret had a different proposal altogether. After
much thought and study in his books of summoning
rituals, he claimed he had discovered the name of
an ancient spiritual entity, with far greater power
than they could ever wield themselves, greater than
even the Tremere. The price of its aid would be high
— to summon such a great spirit would require the
agreement and cooperation of all the Twelve in the
ritual, for the spirit needed the power inherent in
their Blood to focus and direct its own, for it was not
a creature of this world. The summoning itself
would also require the sacrifice of a mortal life.
However, his servant Gregor had already volun-
teered for the honor of that role, in order to save the
others.

Crarrer One: FounDaTions OF BLoop AND STONE

2B


AGREEING TO THE DaActT

Cret's proposal sparked a new round of even
more passionate debate, and many questions, par-
ticularly from those who knew enough of spirit
summoning to be suspicious. What kind of spirit
was it? How did he know it was to be trusted? Why
was it being so generous? How could it do what it
promised? Cret answered them as best he could, but
it was clear (at least in retrospect) that he did not
tell them all he knew. It was hard enough to get
consensus from the Twelve in any case; if they had
known the full nature of the decision they were
about to make, or as Cret justified it to himself, they
would never have been able to agree, and all would
have been destroyed.

Hill was the first to consent, out of loyalty to his
sire. Pentweret, Demetrius and Eshmunamash were
the next, and then Danika herself, for she saw no
other way open to them. Anastazi agreed, for he was
terrified of the Tremere and would not gainsay his
sire in any case. Drenis assented as well. Abdalkutba
spent a few hours in his tower poring over his star-
charts and calculations, and then announced that
the stars themselves augured this path for them, and
that if they continued to follow the destiny laid
before them, they would one night be in position to
do great things indeed. Cret himself finally per-
suaded Zamra to consent (although the methods he
used were disputed later). Gentle Vanth disliked
that the spirit's price must be paid in mortal blood,
but the mortal Gregor himself pleaded with her,
assuring her of his willingness to sacrifice his life on
her behalf, and so she finally agreed.

Mahtiel was the holdout. Cret pointed out that
there would be no way to avenge Mokur's death —
or Rothriel's — on the Tremere if they didn't
survive the siege. So many of her brothers had died,
clinging to their principles but defeated in the end.
Would she allow herself to be defeated as well?

And Mahtiel agreed to the Pact.

Cret's RITUAL

The entire populace of the castle, both living
and undead, gathered in Hunedoara's courtyard.
Even the Sclav was present, chained well out of
reach of temptation, and Bufo crouched unseen at
the fringes of the gathering. Cret began the invoca-
tion. Gregor laid down on the makeshift altar,
arched his neck back and submitted to his master's
knife as the tang of the mortal's lifeblood filled the
night air. The invocation continued, and the indis-
tinct, shifting shape of the spirit began to appear in

THe TREMERE ARCHIVES fl

Needless to say, the Tremere Archivesrecord ©
the incident at Hunedoara in 1525 somewhat
differently. Five thousand mortal troops, a dozen |
gargoyles and 20 Tremere, including Jervais,
Lord of Saxony, were massacred at Hunedoara. |
The battle resulted in the destruction of the
castle as well, and subsequent scrying attempts
led the Council of Seven to determine that |
whatever its defenders had conjured there had"
destroyed them as well. Etrius, however, te-)
mained uneasy, and continued his plans to move |
the body of Tremere and what remained of Ceoris'
vampires (for he had lost many of his own forces |
in this battle) to Vienna.

A few tentative explorations of Hunedoara's
site were conducted, but nothing was found save
ruins. Etrius has quietly discouraged any further |
attempts to investigate the site, fearful that what-"
ever the "Inconnu" had unleashed might yet jue
in the castle's broken shell.

the middle of the circle of salt and arcane symbols
Cret had laid out on the ground.

Mahtiel had grown more and more uneasy as
the ritual progressed. It felt wrong. She didn't un-
derstand the language Cret was chanting in, but the
very syllables sent a chill through her blood. When
she saw what was forming before them, her worst
fears seemed to be realized.

Cret had summoned a demon. It was tall, indis-
tinct, and utterly silent; its form shrouded in shifting
darkness, with great shadowy wings. Its eyes, how-
ever, glowed with a cold blue light in a way that was
anything but holy.

Switching to Latin, Cret outlined the terms of
the Pact, and the Demon bowed its shadowed head
in agreement. Then one by one, the Twelve were
called upon to do so as well. Whatever misgivings
some might have had, still it was too late to go back
now. One by one, they faced the Demon's terrible
gaze, and agreed. At last, it turned to Mahtiel,
whose hand was already on her sword, her face pale,
the third eye on her forehead open and staring up at
the shadowy apparition looming up before her.

Just when Cret was expecting the Salubri to
repudiate the pact and doom them all, the tension
faded from Mahtiel's face. She released her grip on
her sword, and gave her consent. The Pact was made.

La oF THe HIDDEN

24


The Demon's form rose up out of the binding
circle, growing even larger and then fading into
nothing. A new charge, like just before lightning
strikes, filled the air. The castle's very walls glowed
with a piercing white light. Pentweret cried out and
dropped to his knees, hands clasped over his eyes.
The light then passed through the walls and radi-
ated outward. The earth trembled beneath their
feet, and everything grew still.

Dawn was edging the horizon by this time; the
ritual had taken most of the night. The Inconnu
sought the safety of their havens, the mortal guards-
men timidly returned to their posts on the walls.

When the Twelve rose the following evening,
there was nothing left of the Tremere and their
army but the smoking remains of their encamp-
ment, dismembered corpses and, where the light of
the sun had finally caught them, 20 piles of ash.

RENEWING THE DAcT

The fate of their enemies was sobering for the
Twelve. Although he would never admit it, the
devastating ferocity of the Demon's attack even
stunned Cret. He had known it was mighty among
its own kind, but not exactly how mighty it could
be. Yet it had come because he had summoned it,
and it had bound itself to them and submitted to
their will. Mighty it was, he still had everything
under control.

The Pact's terms bound them within the castle's
walls for a full year, and so they sent out the Sclav
and a team of mortal laborers to dig burial pits and
clear away the dead. They soon learned that the
castle was, for all intents and purposes, invisible;
outsiders saw nothing but ruins. In fact, only mor-
tals who had been bound with them in the Pact
could see the castle enough to re-enter it again.

When a pair of exceedingly nervous Tremere
apprentices and their well-armed escort came a few
months later, it was clear they could not see the
castle either. They didn't even find the burial pits.
In fact, they found the entire valley eerie and
foreboding (or so they said to each other) and left
very soon afterward.

At first, the Twelve were greatly relieved. The
demon had kept its side of the bargain. Cret was to
be congratulated on his quick thinking, and cour-
age in summoning sucha fiend. But as the year went
by, and the time approached for the Pact's first
anniversary, Cret announced to the others that the
Pact itself would expire that night. The spell the

demon had cast would fade, and the castle become
visible again.

This was not good news, and several spoke
angrily at Cret for not saying sooner that the Pact
was not permanent. If the castle became visible,
they would all be just as vulnerable now as they were
a year ago, and the vengeance of the Tremere even
greater. They could not even flee until the Pact
itself expired. And Danika would not, in any case;
this was her home. Given the devastation the de-
mon had wrought on their behalf, it was likely that
the Tremere would hunt them to the ends of the
earth anyway — even to Algiers.

Cret, as might have been expected, had a solu-
tion: Extend the Pact for another year. The castle
could remain hidden, until the Tremere had given
up and forgotten all about them. They were safe, so
long as they remained unknown. The Demon might
even be able to do more for them than that, if they
played it right, for surely it did not want to return to
the pit. There were only two little problems... an-
other sacrifice would be required, and the decision
to renew or discard the Pact had to be unanimous.
All the original participants had to agree, or the
conditions of the original Pact itself would be bro-
ken, and the demon would claim their souls.

The whole idea that their souls had been bar-
tered as the guarantee of Cret's Pact enraged his
fellow Inconnu. Why had he not mentioned it
before? How could he have betrayed them so? How
dare he summon a demon from the pit, and then use
their souls to bind it by, knowing that in the end,
the demon would not hesitate to take its due? What
were they supposed to do now, caught between this
Devil's bargain with the demon and the surety of
Usurper vengeance?

Cret angrily insisted that they had known what
they were doing the year before. They had bound
themselves knowingly, not expecting they would be
the ones to break the Pact. What harm was there in
a penalty they would never need to pay? In any case,
all they had to do was repudiate the pact, and their
souls would be safe — so long as all of them did so.
But why not extend the Pact a little longer? Wait for
the Usurpers to finish moving their goods and
chattel to Vienna, wait until they were not watch-
ing the ruins of Hunedoara so closely. They could
always end the Pact later. So long as they all agreed,
they could extend it or end it anytime they wanted,
without any penalty to their souls.

Cret's was not the only persuasive voice this
time. The demon itself whispered to them in their

CCuarrer One: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE

(2)


dreams, haunting them with their worst fears, lur-
ing them with promises of what other boons they
might demand of it in addition to their security.
One by one, they agreed — even Mahtiel and
Vanth — to extend the Pact another year.

This time, however, there were no volunteers,
no willing sacrifice to pay the demon's blood-price.
Danika refused to pick a sacrifice arbitrarily, or
allow anyone else to simply decide which of the
mortals in her domain would die on their behalf.
Instead, she instituted the lottery, so that all in the
castle, even herself and the other Inconnu, even her
servants Bufo and the Sclav, would take an equal
risk. Let the demon choose its own sacrifice, she
said, and bear the responsibility for its choice.

The lots were drawn, and the weeping girl
bound to the sacrificial stone. Cret led the ritual,
and once again the demon and the Twelve agreed to
extend the Pact for another year. The demon ac-
cepted its sacrifice, and the Hunedoara Castle
remained hidden.

Another year passed, and the time for renewal
of the Pact came again. Again there was much
discussion, some of it even quite heated, over con-
tinuing with it. Were they not seeking Saulot's road
of Golconda? How could they continue to feed the
Demon's unholy hunger for innocent blood?
(Pentweret thought this question quite amusing;
they were vampires, after all.) Several of the Twelve
dithered, desperately wanting out, but not willing
to pay the price with their souls, others still fearful
of Tremere revenge — another Usurper investiga-
tion party had been spotted in the valley just a few
weeks before. In the end, all they could agree on was
to keep things as they were, to maintain their
secrecy and status quo. Once again, a mortal was
chosen through the lottery, the ritual sacrifice made,
the renewal agreed to. Once again the Inconnu
were safe.

Another year followed, and another, and an-
other. Each year the discussion and debate over
whether the pact should be ended or renewed grew
shorter and less passionate. Each year, they ulti-
mately chose to renew it and paid the price in
mortal blood, for although the Twelve and even the
monstrous Sclav participated in the lottery, the
demon's victim always came from the ranks of the
castle servants.

The Twelve dealt with the intervening time
between rituals in their own ways. Mahtiel chose to
spend more and more time sleeping, saying it was
the only way she could find peace. Vanth continued

to study on her ownas best she could, hoping to still
make her way through Suspire. Danika focused on
maintaining the castle and its night-to-night needs,
including replacing mortal servants lost to the lot-
tery, accidents or careless feeding. Abdalkutba spent
more time studying his star charts and sending his
servants to the different courts of Europe just to
keep up with what was going on. After the first
renewal of the Pact, Eshmunamash seemed beaten
down by their circumstances, no longer contesting
the Pact, nor much of anything else. Drenis, upon
Cret's request, took on the responsibility of caring
for the Pact's victims, giving them proper and re-
spectful burial and preventing their uneasy ghosts
from creating havoc among the survivors.

Demetrius woke one evening at the turn of the
17th century after having slept most of the week
before (mot an unusual occurrence for the old
Malkavian), and announced that Saulot himself
had appeared to him in a dream and guided him
through his own Suspire. Now he that he had
achieved that blessed state of Golconda, he would
stay and guide them so that they too might reach it
as well.

While there was some debate among the other
Inconnu as to the validity of Demetrius' experi-
ence, there was certainly no doubt something had
happened with him; he seemed far more at peace
with himself than he ever had before. He even
claimed to not need to feed anymore (and contin-
ued to claim it, no matter how hard Zamra or
Pentweret tried to prove to him that he did). After
a few months, they got used to him. As Cret ob-
served, it was a waste of breath to try to argue sense
to the mad.

THe FAILedD SuspIRe

Demetrius' words, and even more, his incred-
ible calm even in the face of scathing ridicule, had
an enormous effect on Vanth. For decades, she had
been stalled in her quest for Golconda, and desper-
ately wanted to find the peace that the Malkavian
shared. Yet he was unable to explain to her how he'd
achieved it, other than saying that the Master had
led him to it. She was so close. So close... yet the last
steps on the road had always been hidden from her.
Unable to make sense of what the Malkavian told
her, she sought advice from another. Unfortunately,
she chose Pentweret.

To say Pentweret's approach to Golconda was
confrontational was an understatement; his per-
sonal philosophy combined Setite tradition of

Lair oF THe Hibben

26

self-knowledge and ferreting out and purging false
beliefs through tests of fire. He told Vanth that she
had been striving for Golconda for two centuries,
yet had not moved ahead because she did not dare
challenge herself by putting her beliefs to the final
test. The road to Golconda, he said, went up a steep
hill until it hit a cliff where only a thin rope bridge
led to the other side. She could stay where she was
for eternity wanting to be on the other side, but
until she stepped out on faith and trusted the rope
bridge to bear her up, she'd never get there.

Cret disagreed, of course. By this time Cret was
disagreeing vociferously whenever anyone talked
abouta path to Golconda that did not match what he
had laid out in his own books. But he had no alterna-
tive to propose that Vanth had not already tried.

After several years of enduring Pentweret's chal-
lenges and testing herself for any lack of faith in her
own strength, Vanth decided to attempt the Suspire.
She went into the chapel and shut the door, and did
not come out again for three nights. Whatever trial
her Suspire presented for her, however, was more
than she was ready to face. It was possible that the
demon involved itself in her testing, hoping she

would fail; it was also possible that Vanth simply
wasn't as ready as Pentweret had convinced her she
was. She not only failed her Suspire, the experience
drove her mad. Vanth lost all sense of her own
humanity, even her identity, and entered Wassail.

HUunNTER AND Hunted

Vanth was lost to the Beast, but the Beast was
cunning. The Inconnu tiptoed around the chapel,
anxious but trying to be patient, not even realizing
she was no longer within. Two nights later, two
mortals were found savaged and drained in a corner
of the cellar, and terrified servants were banging on
Danika's door with tales that a kitchen girl had
been dragged from her bed by something that wit-
nesses described as a hideous monster. Cret and Hill
wanted an immediate blood hunt on Bufo, but when
the body of the girl was found in the chapel it was
only too clear what had happened.

Danika called all the Inconnu together immedi-
ately and ordered all the mortals, even the Sclav,
into the most defensible place in the castle, the great
Watchtower. During the day, even a wight must
sleep; the mortals (and the Sclav) would hunt for
Vanth during the day, and return to the watchtower
before dark. The Inconnu would hunt her by night.

However, what to do with the monster when
they found her? The Pact forbid them to kill her, yet

rarer ONE: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE

27


she was now quite incapable of taking part in the
ritual, and deadly dangerous besides. Deprived of
easier mortal prey, it was likely she'd hunt even her
former companions — and then break the Pact
herself. Perhaps one of the mortals could actually
kill her... but would that satisfy the demon's re-
quirements or doom them all?

The Inconnu did not sleep in their own havens
that day. Like the mortals, they huddled together in
the Watchtower. But Bufo was not among them,
which troubled Danika; he had never before failed
to come when she called him.

The mortals searched the entire castle, with
orders to stake, not destroy, the Nosferatu if they
found her, but they had no success. Danika woke to
find the Sclav leaning over her. With a unhappy
whimper, the vozhd laid Bufo's body at her feet.

Bufo had been badly mauled, but he had some-
how survived. From the bloodstains at the place
where the Sclav had found him, he'd given nearly as
good as he'd gotten, and it presented the one possi-
bility to deal with all aspects of this disaster. They
could not kill Vanth... but perhaps Bufo could.

Danika and Drenis tended the Toad's wounds,
and trickled Cainite vitae down his throat; led by
Hill and the newly awakened Mahtiel, most of the
others went hunting, though to no avail. The fol-
lowing day, the mortals had even worse luck; one of
their search parties stumbled across the monster,
but she woke and killed two of them as they tried to
stake her. After that, only the stronger wills of their
masters could force them to go hunt again.

A skirmish the two nights later left Abdalkutba
and Mahtiel injured, but Vanth crippled; still the
wight escaped them. She knew she was being hunted;
she'd actually ambushed them, and it was with great
regret Mahtiel had deliberately not struck a killing
blow, severing an arm rather than the wight's neck.

Bufo was awake and moving now, scarred but
mostly whole. His mistress gave him her blood and
then explained what she needed him to do. With
the Sclav, herself, Mahtiel and Hill to aid him, Bufo
joined their hunt. Alone, it was likely he would
have failed and fallen prey to the wight's fangs
rather than the other way around; she was many
times his age and, in her madness, far stronger. But
together, the Inconnu managed to corner the wight,
pin her, and let Bufo drain her dry. Even as his
former clanmate crumbled to ashes in his hands,
Bufo stood up, turned to his mistress, and cursed —

the first words anyone had ever heard him utter —
in hoarse, but clearly competent Latin.

Four months later, Bufo stood in Vanth's place
during the ritual, and the demon accepted him in the
dead Nosferatu's place. The Pact had been preserved.

THe LONG MARCH OF YEARS

After the near-disaster of Vanth's Suspire, none
of the remaining Golconda seekers spoke of at-
tempting the Suspire themselves. After the Pact,
they said, but everyone knew at this point the Pact
was interminable. A century after the destruction
of the Tremere and their soldiers, the threat of their
revenge seemed far away indeed. Yet the Tremere
was no longer the primary reason the Pact was
renewed year after year.

Occasionally there were a few tense months,
such as when the Sclav, acting with unforeseen
initiative (or perhaps merely from hunger) had
slipped out of the gate and ambushed a pair of
traveling Tremere apprentices and their mortal
escort who had the poor judgment to ride too close
to the castle's broken ruins. There were no survi-
vors. The vozhd groveled and whimpered at its
mistress! fury, and submitted meekly to its punish-
ment, while the Twelve debated letting the Tremere
actually find and destroy the monster should they
come looking for their missing brothers. Danika,
however, refused to consider such a thing, and was
backed up by Anastazi, Bufo, and surprisingly,
Abdalkutba and Hill — perhaps because Cret was
one of the louder voices in favor of its destruction as
a decoy.

But in reality, danger from outside was no longer
the chief concern of the Twelve, nor their primary
motivation for keeping the Pact alive. Through the
first century of their confinement, the demon itself
had begun a campaign to secure the Pact for itself,
by persuading first one Inconnu and then another,
to make a private (and highly secretive) deal out-
side of the Pact that kept the castle hidden. Some
were, of course, easier to persuade than others, but
as long as even one of the Inconnu had reasons of
his own to want the Pact renewed, none of the
others could do otherwise.

The Pact also simply grew... familiar over time.
After a hundred men and women had met their
deaths on the sacrificial table, the ritual was just no
longer as horrific as it once had appeared. The
lottery, renewal of the Pact, and even the sacrifice
became habit (distasteful but nonetheless necessary
and bearable), if one didn't think about it too much.

Lar oF THE HIDDEN

28

Mortal servants were, after all, such short-lived
creatures. They came and went all the time, their
faces blurring together, even their names forgotten
by all save Drenis, who saw to their burials and
quieted the wailing of their ghosts.

Unfortunately, it was not merely the ritual and
sacrifice that grew too familiar — the Twelve began
to feel the same way about each other, too.

FAMILIARITY AND CONTEMPT

The Twelve were already strong-willed indi-
viduals, already prone to clashes of personality and
ideologies. Being forced to spend centuries in each
other's company, with nowhere to retreat but their
own rooms, only acerbated the conflicts between
them over the following centuries. All they had
once respected or even admired in each other soon
faded from recollection, while every slight, every
sharp or disdainful word, every petty little jab was
engrained in their memories in every last detail.

Pentweret's habit of challenging what anyone
said grew tiresome, then irritating, and then posi-
tively unbearable. Danika's sense of duty kept the
castle in good repair and mortal vessels at her
guests' service, but her pride and cold disapproval
was often more than enough to make her guests
forget all her labors on their behalf. Cret's own
pride and intellectual arrogance would never allow
him to admit that his decisions — including the
Pact itself — were ever flawed, while many of the
others sought to assuage the guilt the felt over years
of mortal sacrifices by simply blaming the whole
damnable mess on him. Zamra's sharp tongue and
clear disdain for all the so-called "Inconnu" who let
the principles Mokur and Saulot values fall by the
wayside irritated everyone to the point where as
much as two years had passed where none would
speak a word to her, or even acknowledge her
presence in the room, save for the night of the ritual
itself. Bufo generally acted like a Toad and was
treated like one, creeping in the shadows to spy on
his fellows. But he kept his thoughts very much to
himself, lest such revelation make him more per-
sonally vulnerable to their petty cruelties.

Few alliances, much less mutual respect, admira-
tion or even something akin to trust could survive in
such a crucible. With the additional moral and psy-
chological strain of the Pact and the yearly sacrifice,
the gains even the most dedicated of Golconda
seekers had made in regaining their own humanitas
were eroded by the spite they now felt for each other.

Feuns AND ALLIANCES

While all the Twelve irritated each other to
some degree, for a few, their antagonism blossomed
into something far stronger, hatred to such a degree
that only the Pact stayed their hand. After so many
years, their bitterness succumbed at first to familiar-
ity and then to lethargy, as actually acting on their
grudges seemed more work than it was worth. Still,
a great many insults and injuries fester within their
unbeating hearts, merely buried beneath a thin
shell of ennui and the habits of decades, and might
yet destroy them all should even one of the Twelve
be provoked beyond caring about consequences.

Hill's admiration for his sire Cret faded with the
Pact, and was then even further eroded by the elder
Ventrue's insufferable arrogance. Now he does any-
thing within his not inconsiderable powers to
inconvenience, annoy or embarrass his elder; for him
the blood bond only rankles, and gives his hatred a
focus for the regnant that will not let him go. The
other sire and childe pair, Danika and Anastazi, are
no better; Danika despises the weakness she sees in
her last surviving childe, and Anastazi, doomed to
forever feel the neonate in the shadow of his elders
no matter what his age, hates her for her disdain —
and hates himself for deserving it.

Anastazi earned Drenis' undying hatred after
slipping into her haven uninvited in an attempt to
"get to know her better." The idea that his advances
might be unwelcome had apparently never occurred
to him. As the youngest of the Twelve, Anastazi
feels the contempt of the former Golconda seekers
for his materialistic and venal ways, and often goes
out of his way to luxuriate in the sensual pleasures
and predatory drives of a "true" vampire and childe
of Caine, just to irritate them.

Of all the Twelve, only Demetrius maintains his
easy-going ways with all the Twelve, even Zamra and
Anastazi (though they do not necessarily return his
courtesies). Unfortunately, his own spiritual peace, as
delusional as his colleagues think it is, only serves to
remind them of how much they have lost. Periodically,
Pentweret or Cret seeks to burst his bubble, but so far, his
madness has proven stronger than their ridicule.

Some alliances — or at least tacit pacts of non-
aggression — still exist between the Twelve. Demetrius'
deep admiration and affection for his angel Mahtiel
remain untarnished, even though she now wakes only to
renew the pact, and spends the rest of her time in torpor.
Danika still holds the allegiance, reinforced by blonds of
blood, of Bufo and the Sclav, and even Anastazi, who
lacks the strength to contest his sire's will no matter what

Cuarter One: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE

29


he feels about her otherwise. Danika also maintains an
ongoing relationship with the Cappadocian Drenis, and
is careful not to push the debt the others owe her for her
upkeep — most of the time.

Abdalkutba is one of the few who remains on good
terms with Cret, even though he recognizes the elder's
arrogance is as self-delusional as that of Demetrius. When
claustrophobia and frustrated wanderlust are not eating
away at hissoul, he still shows some hint of his former good
nature and insatiable curiosity with regard to his compan-
ions in exile. Abdalkutba has also undertaken an unusual
kind of outreach to the Sclav, and has begun to realize that
there is more going on inside the vozhd's misshapen skull
than perhaps even its mistress realizes.

Eshmunamash's former respect for Cret's intellec-
tual prowess and dedication to the path of Golconda
swiftly turned to contempt after the true nature of the
Pact was revealed. The Ventrue is now the focus of his
slow-burning hatred, or what remains of it, and Hill's
complaints against his sire find in Eshmunamash a ready
listener. To the rest, it appears the ancient Brujah has lost
his fire— or at least it is banked to ash-covered coals. He
sometimes seems to go about in a daze, as if only the
inertia of years keep his body in motion. None seek to

rekindle it — the power of his clan's legendary rage,
coupled with his extreme age and clear ennui, is enough
to keep others of the Twelve from piercing his daze.
Should the absolute worse happen, Eshmunamash as a
wight would be a fearsome thing indeed.

Beyvonp THE WALLS

At first it was self-preservation and fear of the
Tremere that spurred some of the Twelve to maintain
ties with the world outside the Castle's walls. Others were
motivated by old ties — Zamra continued to watch her
mortal descendents and the fate of her home in Algiers;
Cret kept an eye on his sire Mithras; Demetrius contin-
ued to correspond with formerstudents oracquaintances,
particularly after his (apparent) achievementof Golconda.
Danika kept up her ties out of sheer practicality — to
assure a steady source of vessels, reliable servants, and all
the necessities of both life and unlife to maintain the
Castle's population, both livingand undead. Abdalkutba
and Anastazi first sought outside contact out of sheer
boredom, and even in the modern nights are the two
most closely in touch with modern cultural styles, eagerly
collectingcontemporary clothing andartifacts from their
agents outside the walls.

Tue Casti_e TONIGHT

Most of the world has forgotten that Hunedoara
Castle ever existed. It does not appear on any maps.
The valley technically belongs to the government

La oF THE HipDeN

30

LeGeENDS OF THE DevIL's CURSE

Two particular folktales seem to be the most popu-
lar told about the ruins, though others might be
discovered with research. One tells of a troop of Nazi
soldiers, following up information on a Romanian
underground leader, who set up an observation post in
theruins to use asa vantage pointover the whole valley.
Forthree nights, they keptan uneasy vigil (havingheard
some stories of the place from local informants), guns
close to hand, but on the morning of the fourth day,
failed to report in to their commander in Deva. After
forcing a local shepherd to show them the way, the
investigating officer and his men discovered the scene
of a massacre. Tents had been ripped apart, camp
furnishings smashed, and the jeeps overturned; weap-
ons lay strewn about as if the men barely had time to
defend themselves. While the Nazis, naturally, did not
report the results of their investigation tothe local
villagers, rumor got around that of the dozen or somen
that had been stationed there, the only three bodies
were ever found, torn limb from limb, and partially
eaten. Twelve men fromthe local town were summarily
executed for the supposed murders. The commandant
in Deva, knowing the Fuhrer's fascination for strange
tales, promptly reported the matter up the chain of
command, but later investigations turned up nothing
unusual in the valley, not even the ruins that had
previously been reported.

of Romania, but has not been developed or surveyed
to any great degree. While some of the Twelve's
mortal servants, in particularly loan Sturza and
Petrascu the cook, are known in the town, no one
knows exactly where they live or who their pur-
chases support.

The valley has more than a few folktales attached
to it now, ranging from being the domain of a werewolf
to haunted with the ghost of Dracula — though why
the legendary 16th century tyrant and warrior against
the Turks would haunt the place he'd been a prisoner
for a decade is left unexplained. The popularity of the
novel by Bram Stoker now draws the interest of
tourists to Transylvania seeking "vampires" — but few
come to the isolated mill town of Hunedoara when
there are more romantic places to explore, such as

The more recent tale concerns an attempt only |
thirty years ago to open a mining operation in the —
valley, for the Cerna Valley is rich in iron ore, and
the Romanian dictator Ceaucescu was determined _
to wrest all the resources from the land that he ~
could. From the first the operation was plagued
with ill luck, but several shafts were opened on a—
ridge of hills not far from the castle ruins. At first
the miners commuted from the town, taking an)
hour each way over winding dirt roads, and always _
left the site well before dark. But the mine's govern- |
ment-appointed managers had no patience for local |
superstition, and halved the miner's pay unless.
they stayed and worked the full shift, setting up
tent barracks so'that operations could be carried ~
out around the clock: The first few disappearances
were chalked up to desertion, but when two miners |
were discovered dead in their beds without a mark
on them, wholesale panic ensued and no local man
would work in the mines, no matter what they were.
offered in pay. Mining operations continued for a_
few weeks using the conscripted labor of convicts,
but a localized earthquake collapsed the mine's
tunnels, and a subsequent landslide'wiped out the |
mining camp. A

No one has attempted to develop that particular,
valley since... :

Castle Bran or the medicinal hot springs elsewhere in
the Carpathians.

Hunedoara Castle remains a "hotspot" on Tremere
charts of the area — a source of magical energies but
for some reason marked do not disturb. Etrius has never
quite gotten over his unease about what once hap-
pened there, and as yet has not been persuaded to
allow further investigation of its past. Now, of course,
far greater things command his attention.

Even for the odd hiker or campers getting lost
in the woods rarely discover the ruins on the bluff
overlooking the river, or the carefully hidden dirt
track that leads to it. Even in a time of satellite
photography and burgeoning industrialization,
Hunedoara Castle remains hidden and unknown.

Crarter One: FOUNDATIONS OF BLOOD AND STONE

31



I know how men in exile feed on dreams.

— Aeschylus

For those few who actually see Hunedoara Castle,
it isan impressive sight, a magnificent medieval castle
rising up over the deep gorge of the river, with multiple
soaring towers and fine, sometimes even intricate
stonework decorating its walls. Despite its age, it still
holds a certain grandeur — truly a castle fit for a king.

However, the grandeur has faded somewhat over
the centuries. What passed for a luxurious royal
castle in the 16th century is now considerably lack-
ing in modern creature comforts. The castle has no
electricity, no phone service, no running water, no
central heating or air conditioning. Many of the
windows are narrow and angled for the use of archers,
not for their view. Some windows have cloudy glass
that may permit sunlight to come in, but cannot be
seen through. Some, particularly in the Inconnu
private quarters, do not have glass at all. The castle
rooms are large and spacious, with high-beamed

ceilings, plastered and whitewashed walls, and either
hardwood or stone floors, but the stairs are narrow,
long and steep, the walls are thick, and a stranger can
find its irregular layout a veritable maze.

The castle servants perform their tasks, from
cooking and cleaning to mending and maintenance,
using tools and methods that are, well, medieval.
Their rooms are heated with fireplaces or braziers,
and lit with oil lamps or candles. They bathe in tubs
they fill and drain by hand, and for bodily functions
of a more private nature, they use an unheated
garderobe that opens out over the river below.

If the characters expected the ancient Inconnu
to dwell in the equivalent of a four-star hotel in
Bucharest, they're in for a bit of a surprise. The castle
and its denizens are trapped in time, and only with
great fortune or cleverness will the characters avoid
a similar fate.

Carrer Two: Wittin THe Watts

33


\

UKRAINE

aN

Dradea lan
G Clu j- Napoca
<a gt

Hunedoara, )
a

GE

— Drobeta Jurnu Severin

DS

YUGOSLAVIA a

{
\

HUNGARY

Timisoara

G

BULGARIA


HuUNEDOARA
CASTLE: THE
GRAND TouR

Guests to the castle may be given a tour of its
more public areas by Lady Danika soon after their
arrival, if they show any interest. The Tzimisce
countess is still very proud of her home; it is her
castle, and she has worked hard to keep it running
these past few centuries, sometimes under very
difficult circumstances. The castle's 50-odd rooms
can be divided into three classes: public, where any
resident, mortal or undead, may safely go; the vari-
ous rooms allotted to the mortal servants of the
Twelve, which the Inconnu usually enter only to
give instructions or to feed; and last, the private
rooms of the Inconnu themselves, which serve as
their personal havens and are generally treated by
the Twelve as inviolate, except when they aren't.

First IMpRESSIONS:
ARRIVING AT HUNEDOARA

The main entrance to the castle is via a high
bridge that crosses the river far below. At the start
of the bridge, there's a small, long-neglected shrine.
The carved figure of the saint within is cracked and
worn by the weather; it's not clear at first exactly
which saint it is. Anyone examining the saint more
closely, however, will see the saint is wearing armor
and has a sword strapped to his side. His hair is long
and tied back in an elaborate knot; he has a neatly
trimmed beard, aristocratic features and a third eye
in the center of his forehead. This is a representa-
tion of the Salubri warrior Rothriel, placed here by
Danika to honor his memory. Rothriel died on the
castle's bridge. There is a hidden compartment in
the base of the shrine, holding a small brass urn that
contains some of the Salubri's ashes.

The bridge is easily wide enough for a horse and
cart; for pedestrians it's more than adequate. The
castle's gate is normally locked with a great iron
portcullis. If the guests are expected, however, the
portcullis will be raised, and torches lit within,
welcoming them inside. There's a dank, unpleasant
odor as the characters pass through the gatehouse,
though: the faint reek of something dead, of mildew
and rot. The floor of the gatehouse is littered with
debris; rank straw, dead leaves, small branches and
an occasional fragment of bone. Off to one side,

Chapter Two: Witt THE Watts
35


half-concealed in shadows, is an opening in the wall
leading back to a murky chamber beyond. The
characters will be encouraged not to linger here, but
be urged on into the courtyard, where their hosts
are waiting to meet them.

The gatehouse is normally the domain of the
Sclay, but for the characters' arrival, the fearsome
creature will have been banished to the Knights'
Hall so as not to terrify the guests. Once the guests
have entered the castle and been taken upstairs to
the Council Hall, the vozhd will creep back through
the side chamber, close the portcullis, and then
take up its normal guard position in the gatehouse
passageway. Its instructions at that point are that
the honored guests are not permitted to leave, until
one of its masters informs it otherwise — and the
Sclav will obey those instructions to its last breath.

THe CourTvARD

Hunedoara's central courtyard is perhaps a quar-
ter the size of a football field, and completely
enclosed by the castle itself. The courtyard is un-
paved, its surface hard-beaten earth (or mud) with

a few anemic patches of grass. When the characters
arrive, the courtyard will be lit with a few torches
held by mortal servants. Otherwise, the courtyard is
usually dark, for the Inconnu have little need of
light. The center of the courtyard has a blackened
bonfire circle ringed in stone and filled with ash.

The courtyard contains a number of entrances
into the castle, including a long gallery and covered
stair along one side that boasts ornate gothic stone-
carving, and another two-level portico in front of
the Old Keep adjacent to the gatehouse. A narrow
set of stairs leads down to the cellar door at the base
of the Old Keep. An arched passageway goes under
the gothic stair and leads to the well courtyard
beyond. There are also entrances to the chapel, the
White Keep, the Knights' Hall, a circular stair, and
the servants! quarters in the West Wing.

THe Councit Harri

After being greeted formally at the gate by
Danika and other members of the Inconnu, the
characters will be led up the circular staircase next
to the gatehouse. The stair opens up in a narrow

Lark oF THE Hippen

36


passage. The characters will be guided to the left,
into the elegant expanse of the Council Hall. Once
the Audience Hall and Royal Council Chamber of
the King of Hungary, the Council Hall is used by the
Twelve as their own common meeting chamber
whenever the need arises. More importantly, the
Council Hall is neutral territory, where any of the
resident Inconnu may come and socialize with one
another — when they're feeling sociable.

The floor of the hall is polished marble; a large
fireplace dominates the interior wall, and five
hexagonal granite pillars form a line down the
center of the hall, supporting the barrel vaulting of
the ceiling 20 feet above. Several fading tapestries
hang on the plastered walls, and in front of the
fireplace is a huge Persian carpet. On the carpeted
area are a few chairs of varying styles and age and
several large floor cushions, making up the Twelve's
equivalent of a conversation pit. A long table and
benches sit in the middle of the floor a little further
down the hall. A handsome antique sideboard sits
against one wall and displays a small fortune's worth
of goblets, saltcellars, plates and bowls of pewter
and silver plate. On the far end of the huge room is
the Twelve's common library, which consists of a
number of glass-fronted bookcases, simple shelves
and stacked wooden trunks, all filled to overflow-
ing. Their contents range from decade-old
mass-market paperbacks to Victorian penny-
dreadfuls to leather bound tomes with illuminated
parchment pages. There is no order or methodology
to how the books are stored; the common library is
merely the repository of any books the Inconnu
don't consider valuable enough to hoard in their
own quarters, but are still reluctant to throw away.

On the outside wall, three widely spaced arch-
ways lead to a long gallery running parallel to the
hall the whole length of the building. The gallery
contains the ornately carved turreted windows that
look out over the river and the outside world. The
turrets form a series of intimate little rooms, linked
by the narrow passage of the gallery itself — perfect
for confidential conversations, or simply to get
away from the others for a few minutes of privacy.
Each turret also contains a stone bench built into
the wall. The privacy of the turrets is mostly illu-
sion, however, since there are no doors and many
possible nooks where an eavesdropper could hide,
especially an eavesdropper with Obfuscate.

The gallery ends ina blank wallon one end, and
in two doors on the other where it intersects with
the gatehouse tower. One door leads to Zamra's

quarters, and the other to a circular stair that winds
upwards to the rooms of Abdalkutba above.

The Council Hall itself has two exits. Just past
the library is a passageway that leads into the West
Wing, with several doors. One at the end of the
short hallway leads to the personal quarters of
Eshmunamash, another to the "foyer" of the
Malkavian Demetrius and the long passageway to
the great watchtower beyond. A narrow straight
stair also leads upward to the floor above, which
contains the guest rooms. The narrow passageway
where the characters entered the room also leads
back through the gatehouse and into the Old Keep,
passing the other door to Zamra's rooms, and former
royal suite, which is now the haven of the Ventrue
sorcerer Cret.

Tue KniGuts' HALy

Directly below the Council Hall is another
chamber that might once have been nearly as grand:
the Knights' Hall. Like the hall above, a line of
pillars supports a barrel-vaulted ceiling high above.
The Knights' Hall has one door that leads directly
out into the courtyard, one that leads to the
gatehouse through the Sclav's lair, and one that
goes into the servants' quarters on the far side.

The floor is laid in terracotta tile, but very little
of it is exposed. Over the years, this room has
become a dumping ground of broken or unwanted
furniture, steamer trunks filled with assorted an-
tique junk, chests filled with clothing a century or
more out of date, boxes of personal belongings from
ghouls long dead, a case of guns and ammunition
dating from World War II and wrapped in the torn
remains of German uniforms, achest full of Tremere
ritual implements that none of the Inconnu sorcer-
ers had a need for, and of course, even more books.
In fact, almost anything could be found in here, if
one was willing to take the time and trouble to look
— and could avoid the room's other most frequent
occupants, the Sclav and Abdalkutba.

The Sclav generally enters the Hall from its lair
in the gatehouse, through a door barely wide enough
for its bulk. The old vozhd finds an odd pleasure in
this room, filled with treasures that sometimes even
bring back snatches of mortal memories to its patch-
work brain. It has created a kind of nest for itself in
a corner of the hall near the gatehouse, a pile of old
clothes, fraying tapestries, and bloodstained bed
linens where it often sits and has conversations
with itself while playing with some bit of flotsam
from its hoard. Despite its size, the Sclav can maneuver

Carrer Two: Win THE WALLS

37


TREASURE HUNTING
FOR FUN AND PROFIT

The Knights! Hall is more than simply the |
Twelve's junk pile. It is also an opportunity for
the Storyteller to plantsomething in Hunedoara
that is of great personal interest to one or more ©
of the player characters, that can serve to moti- ©
vate or tempt the characters into getting even —
more involved with the story,-and with the ©
Twelve. The Storyteller can also use the con- ©
tents of the Twelve's attic to provide the |
characters with a much-needed clue, something
to help along a plotline, or simply, a (reason-
ably) private place to conspire with one another.
The Knights' Hall is a treasure trove where one _
person's junk can be someone else's lucky find. _

One item of potential interest to the char-
acters leans against the wall near the courtyard
door: the carved stone slab that serves as a ©
sacrificial altar on the night each year that the ©
Pact is renewed. If the characters do explore
the Knights' Hall, make a point of describing ©
the slab (along witha number of other interest- ©
ing items, possibly including the Sclav's "nest"
in the corner, a massive framed 18th-century
"family" portrait of Danika and Anastaziwith a —
series of vicious rips through the canvas, or the
discarded central crucifix from the chapel, so
its significance won't be too obvious), asa little
foreshadowing of events yet to come.

among the piles and stacks in the room fairly well —
and surprisingly quickly, should the need arise.

Abdalkutba comes into the Knights' Hall on
occasion to talk to the Sclav, which he considers a
fascinating creature. He is the only Inconnu to
actually spend enough time with the vozhd to realize
what is happening within the monster's mind, and
to talk to not only Good Sclav, but its mortal shards
as well. Abdalkutba also comes to the Knights' Hall
just to rummage, to go through his own or others'
discarded things in hopes of discovering something
new, or just to alleviate his boredom.

Bufo also visits this room, but renders himself
unseen with Obfuscate. The Nosferatu finds the
doings of Abdalkutba and the Sclav of more interest
than any of the chamber's assorted junk.

The room does contain some very cozy window
alcoves, and the view out over the river is quite
impressive; the window nooks on the other side
look out into the courtyard. Except for the presence

of the Sclav, the Knights' Hall is actually one of the
better places in the Castle to have a truly private
conversation, as few others venture in here. The
other Inconnu are simply not interested in their old
junk, and the servants are generally too afraid of the
Sclav to dare pillage it for themselves.

THe CHApeL

When Matthias Corvinus was King of Hungary
and stayed at Hunedoara, the castle's chapel was
just a small private church for the use of the King
and his household, a sacred space dedicated to God.
But that was before the Tremere took Hunedoara
and defiled the chapel so it could be used for other,
less holy purposes. Danika being no Christian, she
cleaned it out but left it empty until her Inconnu
guests arrived and needed a sacred space for their
own rituals. So the chapel was ritually cleansed,
sanctified and prepared for service, but not dedi-
cated to any single God.

The chapel's main entrance is from the court-
yard, though a balcony in the rear can be accessed
from the second floor of the Old Keep. The chapel
is very plain, without stone carving, gilding or
paintings on its whitewashed walls. Its floor is smooth
marble. The chapel's most prominent feature, how-
ever, is the nearly life-sized statue in the front — a
statue of a man dressed in simple robes, hands
outstretched as if presenting a gift, and a third eye
in the middle of his forehead. It is a fairly accurate
statutory portrait of Saulot, or at least of the
Antediluvian's form as certain of the Twelve re-
member it. The statue stands on a plain white
marble base about the size and shape of an altar; a
pair of matching brass floor candelabras stand on
either side of the base, each holding 13 candles. At
the statue's feet lay a simple brass bowl and a ritual
knife with an ivory handle.

Drenis is the Inconnu most often found in the
chapel, where she enacts her prayers and rituals that
keep the Pact's ghosts from rising up and seeking
vengeance for their deaths. Others of the Twelve
make use of it for meditation. Unfortunately the
first major ritual use of it was as a setting for Vanth's
doomed Suspire, and while the Inconnu would like
to believe themselves free of superstition, not one
feels ready to put themselves or the chapel to that
ultimate test.

The chapel sticks out somewhat from the main
structure of the castle, and it has an open space on
either side that is still within the castle's walls. On
one side, accessible from the main courtyard, is a

La oF THE HiodeN

38


smaller courtyard of sorts. Its primary features are a
door into the kitchen of the servants' quarters, a
locked door in the small tower to the rear, and the
castle's well. The well is about eight feet in diameter
and two feet high, and covered with a piece of
plywood cut to fit. This is the castle's primary source
of drinking water; a hand-cranked pump has been
installed beside it for the convenience of the ser-
vants. Any character examining the well more
closely might find an Arabic inscription carved into
the stone of the rim. It reads, "You have water but no
soul." Below it, a second inscription in Arabic
reads, "He who wrote this is Ahmed, who lives as a slave
in the fortress of the Devil." The wall surrounding the
castle at this point is about 12 feet high (but three
times higher on the other side where the land drops
away into a deep ravine).

The locked door in the tower opens to a stair
going down into the castle wall itself that leads to the
mithraeum (see below for a further description).

On the other side of the chapel, accessible only
through a narrow side door in the chapel's rear, is a
small private cemetery. There are no headstones;
about 25 graves are laid out in orderly rows, and are
neatly kept. At least three of them look fresher than
the others. Drenis tends the graves of the castle's
dead, and the bones of all the mortals who have
recently died or been sacrificed for the Pact are
interred here. Once the Sclav has devoured what it
wants of the body, she collects what's left of the
bones, washes and blesses them, and buries them
here with all due care and reverence. Each grave
holds the bones of several mortals; Drenis knows
exactly who is interred in each grave, and how each
of them died.

When the graveyard grows crowded, Drenis ex-
humes the oldest bones and carefully stacks them in
the crypts under the East Wing. She separates the
bones of the sacrifices from the others. She believes
they require special care in order to truly rest in
peace. This private ossuary has also become a shrine
of sorts for a number of the mortals of Hunedoara.
During the days before the annual ritual, they come
down here and sit in candlelight vigil with the bones
of those who have gone before them, and where they
know their own bones will eventually rest.

THe SERVANTS' QUARTERS

The servants of Hunedoara live in what would
be considered fairly normal lodgings for the ser-
vants of a 16th-century castle. By modern standards,
however, their accommodations are disturbingly

archaic. The kitchen, located just off the well court-
yard, contains a great hearth, a brick oven, several
tables, a great wooden tub for washing dishes, and a
considerable range of cooking implements and uten-
sils. The cook, a beefy Romanian military veteran
named Petrascu, oversees his territory with a firm
(and ready) hand, and he can curse in six languages.
He and his staff prepare simple but filling meals for
the mortals of Hunedoara, served in the adjacent
dining hall. His menus are basic Eastern European
peasant cuisine, but at least there's always plenty of
it. Leftovers traditionally go to the Sclav, which
help keep the monster from hunting his own dinner
within the castle walls and solve some of the
kitchen's refuse problem. The kitchen has a pantry
shelf and a number of non-perishable foods hung
from hooks in the rafters, but the bulk of the mortal
supplies are stored in the cellar under the Old Keep.
Once every week or two, Petrascu and two of his
staff, plus Danika's seneschal Ioan Sturza, make a
trip into the town of Hunedoara and purchase
groceries and supplies that the castle staff cannot
produce for themselves. They also purchase chick-
ens and other livestock at a local farmers! market to
butcher for meat. The castle has no refrigerators or
freezers; all food preparations take this into ac-
count. The supplies are hauled back to the castle in
a rented jeep, which Ioan then takes back to its
owner before returning to the castle. The dining
room next to the kitchen is the de facto social
center for the mortals of Hunedoara. There they
eat, bitch and moan, and gather whenever a meet-
ing of the whole staff is called. New servants are
instructed in survival techniques, regaled with hor-
ror stories about the fate of their predecessors, and
find their place in the social pecking order. It is a
small, inclusive and paranoid community of people
who share only two things in common — they're
now bound to the castle and its masters, and no one
in the outside world will ever notice or care that
they've gone.

The room beyond the dining hall is one of several
dormitories. The dormitory contains a number of
simple iron-frame cots or mattresses placed directly
on the floor, chests for clothing, assorted personal
items, and in winter, a fireplace or small iron braziers
for heat. There is no formal arrangement as to who
sleeps where, or with whom. No one cares, so long as
no trouble comes of it. Joan rules with an iron fist
when problems arise, but otherwise leaves his fellows
to sort things out themselves. He cares only that the
appointed work gets done, and the masters are not

Charter Two: WitHiN THE WALLS

39


troubled with minor problems, such as conflicts among
their mortal staff. If necessary, he can always invoke
the name of the Sclav — which generally quiets any
arguments from his subordinates.

The common servants do most of their work
during daylight hours, when light is available and
the masters sleep. When darkness comes and the
true masters of Hunedoara rise, the common ser-
vants retreat to the dining hall or dormitories and
find what rest they can — or hope for a summons
from one of the Twelve for a more intimate and
pleasurable kind of duty.

THe OLp GateHouse

There are a few other rooms in the castle that
are considered neutral territory, neither the domain
of the masters or the servants. The Old Gatehouse
next to the White Keep is one of these. It used to be
the main entryway into the castle before the
was expanded and the bridge over the river gorge
built; now it serves as the servants! back door. The
old gateway was walled up with stone, but the line
of the original archway is still visible. A thick
wooden door is built into the newer stone, which
opens to a narrow wooden footbridge that crosses a

deep ravine behind the castle and goes to the
vegetable gardens in the back. The back door is
barred at night. All servants are required to be back
inside the castle walls at dusk or be considered a free
target for the Sclav. Although the servants are
unaware of this, the door is also thaumaturgically
warded — no vampire can pass through it either in
or out of the castle.

The Old Gatehouse has two other exits. One
leads to the portico facing the central courtyard,
and the other is simply a stair going upward, which
leads to the personal haven of Drenis, the
Cappadocian priestess.

Other areas of public access include the front
chamber of the White Keep, the chamber immedi-
ately above the Old Gatehouse, and the cellar
under the Old Keep.

THe Ceti

The vatilts under the Old Keep serve as the
cellar, primarily used for the mortals' food storage. In
the winter, when the snow can block the trails and
make trips to town for supplies impossible, the mor-
tals must rely on what they've stored. Winter does
provide crude refrigeration, even a makeshift freezer.

Hunedoara Castle
-- Second Level

"_e- e
Council Hall »

2025 Maus

Lair oF THE HippeN

40


The room on the far side of the cellar, which has
unshuttered slit windows looking over the river, gets
extremely cold. The cellar contains barrels of local
wine, smoked hams and racks of bacon, sacks of rice,
flour, potatoes and peas, and a variety of (restaurant-
sized) canned goods. Other items of particular use to
the mortals are here as well, such as the braziers used
to heat rooms in winter, a supply of firewood, extra
blankets, bed linens, and the big wooden tubs used
for laundry or bathing (when weather permits). loan
keeps a careful eye on what's in stock, what's getting
low, and what might be needed in the near future, as
a good seneschal should. The mortal servants also
sometimes use the cellar, where the masters rarely
ever have cause to go, as a refuge in times of trouble,
and a somewhat more private setting for sexual
liaisons (consensual or otherwise) that the common
dormitories do not provide.

On the far side of the cellar is a narrow door-
way, with stairs leading down into the dungeon
and vault below.

THe DUNGEON

Everyone in the castle, living and undead, knows
about the dungeon and how to get to it: through the
cellar and then down a narrow set of stairs. Below are
two caged cells, with iron bars and a modern padlock,
where the less fortunate members of the mortal
"staff" are confined. Beyond the cells, another stair
winds around and down further where a rarely needed
third cell can be found as well. The stair continues
down from there to Bufo's flooded vault.

Danika dislikes the necessity of keeping prison-
ers, as mortals kept confined this way never last as
long as those who are given proper duties in the
castle above, and only a few of the Twelve will even
deign to feed on them. Unfortunately, the screen-
ing methods her procurators use in selecting suitable
candidates for life imprisonment at Hunedoara of-
ten result in mortals who are simply too violent,
sadistic, untrustworthy or simply not sane enough
to be allowed the freedom of the castle, even under
a blood bond. Those who cannot serve, however,
can still be useful as feeding stock, and they are
confined down here.

The cells contain simple cots and blankets, a
chamber pot and little else. The kitchen staff brings
down meals and drink, water for washing, and sees
to it that the chamber pots are emptied. Both
Petrascu and Ioan have keys for the padlocks that
lock the cells (the one place in the castle where it
was swiftly discovered that 15th-century locks were

simply inadequate for the job). The mortal servants
tending to the prisoners are always accompanied by
one of their fellows armed with a gun, and their
threat is not to kill a troublesome prisoner, but
merely cripple him — and then leave him for one of
them to finish him off later. The occasional glimpse
of Bufo au naturale or the Sclav is usually enough to
back up the threat. The mortal staff is rarely tempted
to feel sorry for the wretches in the cages, however,
as the alternative is to have those same individuals
sharing their dormitories, and most agree with
Danika's assessment of the risks.

Bufo (usually disguised, so as to avoid dealing
with the prisoner's reaction to his true form) is the
most frequent user of the captives for vitae, though
occasionally one of the prisoners is bled for the
benefit of those Inconnu who prefer their vitae
served to them in a cup or goblet. Hill also some-
times takes a prisoner up to the terrace or the
courtyard, hands him a sword or knife, and indulges
in the necessary combat exercises before taking him
into a dark corner and drinking his fill.

The Storyteller can create whatever scum of the
earth she desires to inhabit these cells, should the
characters come looking down here (the prisoners
are certainly included on Danika's list of vitae sources
for guests). If kept prisoner for any length of time, the
captives become addicted to the Kiss, and any vam-
pire visiting their squalid quarters is likely to illicit a
pathetic display of begging from wretches who have
nothing else left to look forward to anymore.

THe MitHRAEUM

Cret once served asa priest in the ancient Roman
cult of Mithras. His contact with the god himself may
have been broken, but the philosophy and tradition
of the soldiers' mystery cult is still ingrained in his
soul. Cret discovered the vault under the chapel soon
after the Pact was enacted, and after some hesitation,
asked and received permission from Danika to set it
upasamithraeum, a temple for initiates of Mithraism.
Hill still snorts at his sire's dedication to a long-dead
cult, but both Ventrue use the temple for enacting
their more powerful spirit-bindings, making good use
of the symbols of divine power and authority repre-
sented there.

Cret has, over time, initiated a handful of deserving
mortal men from the staff into the cult (never women;
Mithraism is very much a males-only denomination),
and holds periodic rituals and teaching sessions in the
mithraeum. Sometimes Hill even deigns to attend,
primarily because the cult's initiates also tend to be

Charrer Two: Wittin THE Wauis

4)


[iunedoara Castle

dungeons and cellar

STAIRS DOWN TO
THE MO THEREUM

THE
DUNGEONS

o 5 to Zo |25 |\z0 | 40 \g5 |50

meters

1s

SS 60 aS

CH.Y.

65 7o 7s 80 85 Jo

those he feeds upon, and he doesn't like the idea of Cret
having a total hold over his vessels. The door in the
small tower that accesses the hidden stairs is kept locked
atall times. Both Cret and Hill have a key. Cret has also
engaged potent magical defenses for the mithraeum as
well, to prevent the curious (or worse, the defiling
presence of a female) from poking about in the god's
sanctum. Danika finds the exclusivity mildly annoying,
but as a former priestess of a pagan goddess herself,
believes it wiser simply to respect the cult's restrictions.
Unless one of the players' characters is already an
initiate of the Mithras cult (which is always
possible), it is unlikely they will ever know the
temple exists. Neither Cret nor his mortal ini-
tiates (which include Petrascu the cook, Kristoff
the hunter, and several other men with military
experience) will ever mention it or discuss its
practices with outsiders. (Storytellers looking to
expand on this small facet of Hunedoara Castle
are encouraged to do some research on the

practices and beliefs of the cult of Mithras. Such
information is readily available in libraries and

on the Internet.)

Guest ACCOMMODATIONS

The Inconnu of Hunedoara don't receive many
guests, and may or may not have been expecting the
characters! arrival. However, when guests do arrive
on her doorstep, Danika Ruthven marshals all her
resources to provide for them. Three rooms up on
the third floor in the West Wing are normally used
by mortal servants who rate the honor of more
private accommodations than the dormitories. Upon
Danika's orders, these rooms are quickly vacated by
their previous tenants, the beds changed, bed cur-
tains hung, carpets brought in, the dust swept away,
and the shutters on the narrow windows checked
for a tight fit.

The rooms are spacious, and generally have only
one narrow window each. Two of the three rooms

LAR oF THE HIDDEN

a


have fireplaces. If the characters come in winter,
there will be wood available to burn if they desire.
The doors are solid oak, bound with iron. They do
not have locks, but can be barred from the inside.
Each room has a Turkish carpet, a large (empty)
wooden chest, a chair, and a handsome four-poster
bed, hung with damask curtains and fitted with clean
linen sheets, pillows, and blankets. A side table holds
a pitcher and basin, and a stack of clean towels; hot
water is available if requested.

If the characters have mortals traveling with
them, cots will be provided for them as well. If the
characters do not have mortal servants, Danika may
ask Ioan to assign them one, if for no other reason
than to keep them from getting lost in the castle's
twisting corridors. (Of course, this provides the Sto-
ryteller an opportunity to get the players acquainted
with Stefan — see the sidebar later in this chapter.)

HAVENS OF THE TWELVE

Fortunately for the sanity and existences of the
Twelve, Hunedoara Castle is quite large and spa-
cious. Therefore each of them enjoys the privilege
of private quarters, usually more than one room,

where they can rest in peace, and study, work or plot
in relative privacy. Those who have personal ser-
vants or companions often have that servant sleep
in their quarters as well, an additional protective
measure as well as a convenience, to have a servant
ready whenever a need arises.

The characters will see the private havens of
the Inconnu only if the Inconnu in question invites
them in. Some of the Twelve will be more willing to
do that than others, of course, but for a private
discussion to remain private, sometimes one's own
rooms are the only venue where confidentiality is
possible. Unless the situation deteriorates to the
point where no one is paying attention to domain
rights anymore, the Inconnu will regard the charac-
ters' guest quarters with the same degree of courtesy
as they do for each other — which is to say, only
when it suits their purposes.

The Inconnu havens are scattered throughout
the castle. Each has some form of protection for its
resident during the day, and whatever personal
belongings that particular vampire holds dear. A
Cainite's haven reflects its occupant's cultural heri-
tage, personal tastes, fears, pleasures and obsessions.
Since the Twelve have had little else to do but
ensure their havens are to their tastes, this is even
truer in Hunedoara.

DANIKA RUTHVEN

Danika's haven is where it has always been, the
first floor of the Old Keep. She shares her quarters
with two mortals: her maidservant Gabriela, who
has been with her for over a decade now, and Joan
Sturza, the castle's mortal seneschal. Ioan has his
own room, which is both his sleeping chamber and
his office. Gabriela usually sleeps on a cot in her
mistress' dressing room.

Danika enters her haven from the first-floor
portico to the left of the gatehouse. The main room
is triangular in shape and contains doors to Danika's
workroom, her dressing room/sleeping chamber,
and Ioan's office/bedroom. The room is elegantly
furnished with Victorian antiques in dark polished
wood and velvet brocades, and a pair of thick
Turkish carpets on the floor. Lit primarily by wall
candles ensconced in glass, it also contains a fire-
place with a stout iron screen, and a pump organ. A
large freestanding embroidery frame and a foot-
powered spinning wheel sit next to Danika's favorite
chair; she does a great deal of her own dressmaking
and embellishment. This chamber is Danika's pri-
vate reception room, the place she is most apt to
meet with her guests, either others of the Twelve, or
the visiting characters.

Ioan's chamber, the first door to the right, con-
tains his bed, a writing desk, a number of sizeable,
handwritten ledgers, an old manual typewriter, a
small bookcase, a wardrobe, and thankfully, a fire-
place for those long Romanian winter nights. His
waking and sleeping schedule is extremely irregular,
though his duties require his attention more during
the day than the night. Ioan keeps the financial
records of the castle, which primarily means the care
and maintenance of the mortal population, and the
acquisition of any new items, materials, or staff
members the Inconnu request of him.

Danika's dressing room is really more a private
sleeping chamber for Gabriela, though the Lady of
Hunedoara does keep some of her gowns in a great
mahogany wardrobe here as well. The perk of a private
bedroom is something Gabriela values highly, though
during winter she has been known to take Ioan up on
his invitation to share his fireplace, and his bed. She
doesn't care much for him, but it's better than freezing
— Danika will not allow a brazier in the dressing room,
so close to her own bed.

Danika sleeps in the lower level of the Painted
Tower, just off the dressing room. The windows in
the dressing room and tower have both panes of
semi-opaque glass and tightly fitting wood shutters

Charrer Two: Wine THE WALLS

43


to block out all light. The tower room contains
additional wardrobes and clothes chests, as well as
asmall dressing table with a mirror. Danika's bed is
a four-poster box filled with her precious grave
earth, which is stirred occasionally to keep it "fresh."
A thin mattress fits neatly on top of the earth, and
is made up with fine linen sheets, pillows, and a
cover of soft, thick fur. The posts support thick bed
curtains that are an additional level of protection
against the light.

The last room is Danika's study. She has a great
loom and two small ones, sacks of fleece, skeins of
yarn and bolts of fabric. She also has a locked
bookcase, which holds most of her more valuable
tomes, and a chest that contains her Koldunic
Sorcery ritual tools, robes and materials. Danika
does not actually perform her rituals in here. Since
she can no longer go to the mountaintops or river
banks, she does what she can on the terraces out-
side, overlooking the river and the valley beyond.

Danika feeds from the serving staff, rotating
through the ones that are not as popular with some
of her guests; as hostess, she believes it proper that
her guests have first pick of the vessels available.
This sometimes means she must feed from one of
the prisoners in the dungeon instead, which is not
nearly as pleasant for her. Normally loan simply
summons the designated vessel up to her chamber,
she spends a few minutes in conversation with the
mortal, and then feeds, as gently as she can, before
sending him back to his rest. She avoids feeding on
Gabriella or Ioan, although both of them desper-
ately long for her Kiss. She simply cannot bear it
when they beg.

Cret

The personal apartments of King Matthias
Corvinus were originally given, as a sign of respect
and deference, to Mokur. After Mokur's Final Death
and the beginning of the Pact, Cret asked if he
might occupy them and Danika agreed, for much
the same reason. In truth, better quarters for a
Ventrue sorcerer would be hard to imagine. Cret's
rooms are above Danika's, on the second floor of the
Old Keep, but also include the upper level of the
Painted Tower, giving Cret both a fine vantage
point over the rest of the castle and a private place
to work his own sorcerous rituals.

The Ventrue's rooms are accessed from the
second-floor portico in the Old Keep, just down the
hall from the Council Room. The door opens to a
short entrance hall, which boasts a beautiful set of

glass-fronted book cabinets, an 18th-century por-
trait of Cret himself, and a parson's bench where
visitors can sit and wait for the Ventrue to receive
them. On one side of the entrance hall is the door
to Cret's sleeping chamber, and on the other, the
door to the Gold Room, where Cret studies and
entertains visitors (if any). At the end of the hall is
a narrow stair going up, which makes two turns
before finally coming out in the top chamber of the
Painted Tower, Cret's ritual room.

The Gold Room possesses a sad, faded elegance.
The broad oak beams of the ceiling still hold the
faint traces of painted flowers and vines, the floor is
laid in hardwood parquet, and one long wall bears a
fading fresco mural commemorating a victory over
the Turks. The furnishings are rich, heavy antiques,
including a beautiful roll-top desk, a Renaissance-
era table with clawed feet, and a pair of Victorian
winged-back chairs in slightly threadbare brocade.
An ornate brass 16-candle chandelier hangs from
the ceiling, which can be lowered for lighting via a
chain that hooks to the wall. The fireplace is marble,
and decorated with carvings of angels. This room
also contains books — one cabinet in particular
contains Cret's transcriptions of the Analects of
Saulot, the Analects of Mokur, and other writings on
the topic of Golconda and Noddist prophecies.

Cret's sleeping quarters are comfortable, but
not overly luxurious, consisting of an antique four-
poster bed with heavy drapes, a spacious mahogany
wardrobe for the Ventrue's clothes, and a bedside
table. The door can be barred from the inside.

Upstairs is Cret's ritual and research room, in
the round tower chamber. Windows look out all
around its circumference, offering a good view of
the castle and surrounding lands. Cret's ritual books
are locked in chests or cabinets, along with his
supplies of arcane ingredients, robes and ritual tools.

Cret's dietary requirements have given Danika
the greatest headaches. He can only feed on intel-
ligent, highly educated vessels — not the kind of
candidates that her procurers usually look for, or
the kind of individuals who can be taken and not
missed. They have, however, found a workable
compromise: Cret keeps a herd. Danika's procurer
seeks out qualified but impoverished graduate stu-
dents in several nearby universities, and arranges
for them to receive a "scholarship" from a mysteri-
ous patron. Cret, being not only old-fashioned but
actually archaic, makes sure all his researchers are
male. At some point, the grad student is brought to
meet his patron at Hunedoara Castle, and Cret

Late of THE Hibben

44


charms and feeds on him, and establishes a
thaumaturgical link to the student he can use later
to draw blood remotely from the student viaa ritual.
When the ritual is enacted, the student goes into a
kind of euphoric trance, and Cret draws what he
needs; unfortunately, the ritual costs blood as well,
so Cret must draw at least two blood points in order
to get the benefit of one. The trance is as addictive
as the Kiss itself. The more often a given student
experiences it, the deeper his trance goes each time,
and the easier it is for Cret to accidentally take too
much and kill his vessel.

Cret has a manservant, Radu, a former univer-
sity professor whose outspoken political views under
a communist regime forced him to go into hiding.
Now he acts as Cret's senior research assistant and
secretary. Cret's research has expanded in the past
decades. He keeps his on-site (usually at least one or
two others in addition to Radu) and off-site assis-
tants busy researching a wide variety of topics for
him relating to Gehenna and possible locations for
hidden Methuselahs. Radu sleeps in the one of the
"guest rooms" on the third floor, and the junior

researchers sleep in the dormitories with the rest of
the common servants. The presence of Cainite
guests will require Radu to sleep elsewhere, most
likely in Cret's quarters. Only Radu and the resi-
dent research assistants are required to be present
for the lottery and ritual.

ZAMRA

The former Prince of Algiers spends a lot of
time in her rooms. Her clear disdain for the so-
called "Inconnu" of Hunedoara and her sharp tongue
have not made her any friends among her fellow
prisoners, so there are many nights she never goes
out her door. Her quarters are on the second floor of
the Gatehouse tower, and accessible from the tur-
reted window gallery on one side (a door she rarely
uses, as it opens into her sleeping chamber), and the
hallway is just off the Council Hall.

Her quarters are quite comfortable, at least by
Hunedoara's standards. Partly to remind her of the
home she can never return to, and partly as a reaction
against the asceticism favored by Eshmunamash, Cret
and Demetrius, Zamra has spared no expense or labor

Hunedoara Castle
~~ Third Level

CRET'S TOWER,

LISA
Council Hall.

15 2025 Meters

Mahtiel s
JOWER,

Charter Two: WittiN THE WALLS

45


to decorate her rooms to her taste, which is decidedly
exotic for Eastern Europe.

The main room sits over the gatehouse itself,
and boasts two bay widows that project out from the
wall and provide a view of the bridge and gate below
and the Old Keep. Zamra has made the alcoves into
cozy window nooks, with cushions to sit upon. She
often reads in one of these nooks, or stares out at the
night, seeking contact with her far-flung mortal
family. The rest of the room has Persian and Turk-
ish rugs covering the whole floor, and rich damask
hangings along the walls that can be pulled across to
block out light from the windows. In addition to a
desk, a pair of bookcases, and a small table and
chairs, the floor also contains several leather has-
socks, floor cushions, and a low brass tray table with
a collapsible base. The room is lit with the soft
yellow glow of hanging oil lamps, or sometimes with
only the flickering light from the fireplace.

Zamra's sleeping chamber is lined in swaths of
heavy maroon velvet, totally obscuring the walls
and even the beams of the ceiling, so the room has
the feeling of a sultan's pavilion. A curtain of the
same fabric masks the opening in the wall from the

main room, and on the inside of the sleeping cham-

ber as well. Here, too, eastern carpets cover the
floor, and only a small oil lamp, which gives as much
shadow as light, hangs from the ceiling to illumi-
nate the chamber. A carved chest holds her selection
of clothing and jewelry. Zamra's bed is low, on the
floor, and piled with cushions and coverlets of silk
velvet and brocade. It is veiled in another fall of
curtains from above, this time translucent black silk
threaded with gold. A prayer rug lies on one side of
the room, facing east toward Mecca, although she is
less wont to pray now — for so many years now her
prayers have gone unanswered.

The sleeping chamber also contains Zamra's most
precious possession: the history of her family, recorded
in correspondence, carefully drawn out family trees,
and more recently, photographs of her numerous de-
scendents. Two of those descendents, her grandsons
Bekir and Halil, dwell in the castle with her, and serve
her the kind of absolute, familial dedication that only
centuries of drinking the Blood can instill. She peri-
odically sends one of them out to make more loyal
descendents for her, so that her control over them all
can remain strong. When in residence, Bekir and Halil
share one of the other third floor guest rooms or, should
those rooms be occupied, sleep on the floor in their
grandmother's rooms. Every year, however, Zamradoes
pray, for one thing and one thing only — that her

grandsons be spared the terrible fate the winner of the
lottery must endure. So far, at least that prayer has been
answered.

Zamra does sometimes feed from Bekir and
Halil, but also makes use of the castle's common
herd, using her powers of Dominate to ensure they
do not remember more than they need to afterward.

ABDALKUTBA

Abdalkutba is very partial to his quarters, which
occupy the top two levels of the gatehouse tower. His
rooms are accessible from a circular stair at the end of
the second floor turret window gallery, or from the
long corridor on the third floor directly above it.

Before coming to Hunedoara and joining
Mokur's informal school, Abdalkutba was quite the
traveler. His insatiable curiosity and wanderlust
had taken him all over Europe, the Middle East and
parts of Asia. He was even considering a voyage
across the sea to this New World he'd been hearing
about. Unfortunately, the Pact clipped his travel-
ing wings. Now he travels vicariously through others,
collects souvenirs and costumes from all over the
world, and does his best to satisfy his curiosity
through second-hand sources. His widely varying
interests are reflected in his haven as well.

The third floor room serves as his living room.
Its windows actually have clear glass panes in them
in addition to wooden shutters. In one corner,
heavy brocade drapes hang from the ceiling and
conceal his actual bedroom, just big enough for a
beautifully carved Victorian sleigh bed and chest of
drawers that contain his most often worn clothing.
The rest of the room is crowded with Abdalkutba's
vast collection of oddities from all over the world,
brought to him by his servants traveling on his
behalf. Some of the more exotic items include a
polar bear skin rug, a rattan stool in the shape of an
elephant, a camel saddle footrest, a leather-covered
coffee table embossed with Incan designs, a bronze
statuette of a mermaid on a rock, a Japanese sake
set, the skull of a lion, a department store manne-
quin modeling a traditional man's costume from
Iran, a beautiful Chinese spice cabinet, and a two-
color marble chessboard with delicately carved
pieces in green jade and pink quartz. The walls are
hung with tapestries and fine Persian rugs; more
rugs of various sizes and styles cover the floor or
create paths through all the piles of international
kitsch. Abdalkutba is not against having agreeable
company; one corner of the room does have a

La oF THE HIDDEN

4%


number of floor cushions and mismatched chairs
should the opportunity arise.

The circular staircase continues up to the floor
above, which is Abdalkutba's study and workroom.
Some of his collection has found its way up here as
well, though those items tend to be small statuary or
wall decorations, which vie for shelf space with the
volumes of his personal library. There is a writing
desk and stool, and a larger table as well, which is
strewn with maps, books, horoscope charts and a
massive ephemeris, which aids him in his astrology
work. Several bronze technical instruments (that
were considered the height of technology in the
1500s), such as an astrolabe, sundial, and compass,
act as weights on the edges of a large map of Eastern
Europe and a poster showing the genealogy of Dan-
ish royal family, scribbled with notes in Arabic from
Abdalkutba's horoscope casting. Hanging from one
of the ceiling beams is a stuffed owl, posed in fight,
and on a side table there sits a Renaissance-era
model of the solar system, which shows only seven
planets. A collection of telescopes sits in a corner,
and a stack of newspapers from all over the world is
piled on a low stool beside the desk. Abdalkutba is
always delighted to get more newspapers (any West-
ern language will do) in order to keep up with the
world outside. He also casts horoscopes for world
events to see how they turn out, and he collects
birth times and places for people around the world.
Of late, his prognostications have grown murkier
and more foreboding, inspiring him to push his
forecasting and omniscience to the limit in order to
get a glimpse of what he fears is soon to come.

The real joy for Abdalkutba of this chamber,
however, lies outside it. On the front and back sides
of his tower retreat, doors lead out into a narrow,
roofed wooden porch, that totally encircles the
tower. From his stargazing porch, Abdalkutba has a
nearly perfect 360-degree view of the heavens, and
because the castle lacks electric lights, the stars are
especially bright and clear... including the ominous
red one that has dominated the sky the past handful
of years. Abdalkutba has been mapping its course
and comparing its presence to the rest of the heav-
ens, and finds what he sees to be more disturbing
than he'd like, especially given the significance of
the star in Drenis' book of Noddist prophecies.

Abdalkutba feeds from the castle servants; he is
not a fussy eater, and in fact can get so absorbed in
his research or stargazing that he sometimes has to
be reminded to feed. He has a personal servant,
Kirsten Moller (and several ghouls and agents who

have never seen his face), but she is rarely ever at
the castle, save for the night of the lottery and
ritual. Kirsten, a Danish university student with no
particular interest in ever graduating, spends most
of her time globetrotting (usually via bus or train,
and staying in inexpensive student hostels) on be-
half of her master, and bringing him back stories
and souvenirs for his collection.

Buro

Bufo only formally became one of the Twelve
—he does not consider himself in any way "Inconnu"
— in the 17th century, and up until that point
didn't care much where he slept, so long as it was
secret, dark and safe. As the beastly Toad, he had
claimed his territory in the darkest, deepest place in
the castle, the vault below the Knights' Hall. Since
the vault had a tendency to flood and stank of
mildew, no one contested him for it. But once
Vanth fell into Wassail and took to hunting her
former companions, no place was dark or secret
enough, and no place was safe. He spent those days
—and nights — curled up in agony on the floor at
his mistress' feet, slowly healing from his first en-
counter with the mad wight. After his diablerie of
Vanth, he realized how (literally) low he'd sunk.
But to put in a claim for Vanth's old haven under
the White Keep, he would have had to admit to far
more than he was comfortable with, such as actually
remembering that he had once been a mortal man.
To let them know that he knew how far he had
fallen... Ulrich's pride, such as it was, would simply
not allow it. In the end, it didn't matter anyway.

The easiest way into the vault is to come down
through the dungeon from Danika's rooms. A nar-
row winding stairway goes down from there to the
castle's foundations. The water comes about half-
way up the last section of the stairs; for the visitor
it is impossible to tell how much further down it
goes. The depth of the water in the vault varies with
the season, from 12 to 15 feet in the spring, when
the melting snow raises water levels everywhere, to
only five or six feet in late summer. Fortunately for
Bufo, the water temperature never gets quite cold
enough to freeze over, but in winter his damp skin
can develop patches of ice, and his flesh is far colder
to the touch than a corpse (not that anyone wants
to touch him).

Bufo can sleep anywhere in the vault, drifting
comfortably under the water, but he does have a
security hole — a narrow tunnel he managed to dig
over several years through the wall and into the

Cuaprer Two; Wirtin THE WALLS

47


rock of the foundations. Its entrance is under the
lowest water level, and it is always flooded, but it's
the one place Bufo feels truly safe, and it's where he
does his dream-spying from.

Bufo has another way to enter or exit his vault,
a narrow fissure in the inside walls where water
seepage has cracked the stone. It's a narrow fit, but
he can squirm through. From that fissure he has
actually dug a tunnel under the castle that comes
out in a spot between the west wing and the White
Keep, but still within the castle walls.

Bufo has no servants or mortal companions. He
feeds on the wretches locked up in the dungeon
most of the time, though he has occasionally made
use of the same servants as everyone else. He usually
approaches in disguise... unless he wants to hear his
victim scream.

ESHMUNAMASH

The ancient physician of Carthage is a Kindred
of simple tastes — or perhaps he just doesn't care
about material comfort anymore. His quarters are
on the second floor of the West Wing, above the
servants' quarters and just down the hall from the

Council Hall. As his usual mode of dress is simple,
so are his quarters; elaborate furnishings or wall
hangings or even carpet on the cold stone floor are
not for him.

The outer room serves both as buffer between
Eshmunamash and the rest of the Twelve, but also as
the closest thing the castle has to an infirmary. While
Eshmunamash's formal medical training is two millen-
nia out of date, his continued interest in his old
profession is one of the few things he indulges himself
in. Whether his care for the mortals of Hunedoara is
born out of centuries of habit, or the fading remains of
his own humanitas, he still provides a useful service,
within the limitations of his own knowledge and the
tools he has available to him.

The room contains a few plain chairs and a stout
oak table, which is usually covered with a plain
sheet of unbleached linen, for examinations. A
plain wood cabinet against one wall contains
Eshmunamash's medical and surgical tools, most of
them circa the 19th century. He also has a number
of more recent medical books, though he often finds
the text incomprehensible and relies more on the
pictures. Fortunately for the mortals of Hunedoara,
the old Brujah no longer has a solo practice. Adrian
Metzger was a third-year medical student at the
University of Heidelberg before the stress of his
studies drove him to amphetamines, and discovery

of his habit got him expelled. Discovered in a bar in
Munich by one of Danika's agents, "Dr. Metzger" is
now diligently practicing medicine without a li-
cense and tending to his master's more personal
needs as well as those of his fellows in the castle.
Over the past three years since his arrival, his
medical training has already saved several mortal
lives, and he continues to be fascinated by the
incredible properties of vampire blood, wishing he
had the courage to do a closer examination of the
monster they call the Sclav. Adrian had thought his
drug addiction was beat, only to find that the
addiction to vampiric vitae was much, much worse.
Still, at least it enhances, rather than weakens, his
mental acuity. Now if he could just upgrade the
infirmary to something better than the Dark Ages....

The second room behind the infirmary is the
dwelling and sleeping quarters for Eshmunamash and
his assistant. Adrian has a cot near the fireplace, and
a chest where he keeps his few clothes and other
personal items. The room's most prominent feature is
its wall of bookcases. Eshmunamash had quite a re-
spectable library even before he came to Hunedoara,
and he has been adding to it periodically ever since,
more out of habit than any interest in what the books
contain. The other noticeable item in this room is a
low, muddy-looking worktable and potter's wheel,
along with a supply of clay and several finished and
unfinished pieces. Mokur was a potter, and often used
pottery and working with clay as analogies in his
teaching. Eshmunamash took up pottery himself cen-
turies ago in hopes that practicing Mokur's trade might
help him understand Mokur's deep inner peace. He
has never bothered to fire any of the pieces he makes,
however; he simply dumps the dried clay back into a
bucket of water for it to dissolve and be used again. The
making, not the product, is where his interests lie.

Eshmunamash prefers to distance himself as
much as possible from his needs as a vampire, a
holdover from his own personal search for Golconda.
He therefore prefers not to drink directly from his
vessel, but have the blood drawn (which Adrian
sees to before his master wakes) and presented to
him in a goblet. The ancient Brujah sleeps in a
windowless chamber that is part of a small tower, as
the round room can be completely closed off from
all light. Its only furnishings are a simple cot and
some chests of clothing. Eshmunamash has little
interest in luxuries.

La oF THE HipDeN

48


DeMETRIUS

Demetrius shares his quarters in the Watchtower
with the sleeping Mahtiel, but most of the space in
tower's four levels is taken up by his own scholarly
clutter. If the Malkavian's haven didn't have maid
service included as part of the hospitality package, it
would be far, far worse, and coated with the dust of
decades, if not centuries. Such mundane things as
housecleaning have never been high on his priority
list, not when there were so many other important
things to see to. As a result of his professorial absent-
mindedness, books tend to be wherever he last laid
them down, clothing gets draped over whatever sur-
face is convenient, and stacks of loose papers, rolls of
parchment, piles of spiral notebooks (mostly half-
filled), boxes of old correspondence, and notes from
various research projects cover every available shelf,
table, chair, or other horizontal surface, including his
bed. Over the years, the clutter has actually overflowed
the rooms of the tower itself, and boxes and piles of
books and papers line the walls of the long passageway
leading up to it as well.

The watchtower is accessed from a room just off
the Council Hall. This entry foyer appears at first
glance to be a storage room; it is full of file boxes,
crates, filing cabinets and piles of books and loose
papers. A narrow passageway winds between the
stacks and leads to two doors: One in the back of the
room leads to the passageway and the tower itself
and the other leads to a small round room, the top
level of a smaller tower. This room is occupied by
Artemis Jones, a former library science graduate
student from Philadelphia whose curiosity and ex-
ceptional research skills (and her ability to read
Latin and Greek) got her into trouble when she ran
across a rare copy of one of Demetrius' writings.
Sensing her fascination with his work, Demetrius
reeled her in and made her his research assistant.
Artemis now has the thankless job of trying to
organize four centuries worth of Malkavian
ramblings. She also has lost none of her fascination
for vampires, or the Kiss, and what Demetrius will
not tell her, she asks one of the others, usually
Zamra or Anastazi, and takes copious notes. Anastazi
in particular is happy to help her with the more
practical side of her research. Artemis is still new to
the castle and to Demetrius' service; she doesn't
know what lies in the locked chamber on the lower
level, and has no idea as yet what to expect when
the night of the ritual comes around again.

The other door is thick and strong, with a stout
bar of solid oak on the other side. Beyond it lies a

short covered bridge that crosses over the 10-foot
gap to the gallery on the other side. More boxes, file
cabinets, and stacks of books line up down the long
corridor, which ends in another heavy, reinforced
set of double doors.

The double doors open into a narrow hallway
that turns a corner and then opens out into the
main level of the watchtower. A narrow stair goes
down to the floor below, where Mahtiel sleeps
behind a locked door, and another goes up to the
levels above. This was originally a guardroom, and
indeed it was the room where the Twelve once took
refuge when Vanth fell to wassail. This level has
only two windows, high and narrow, and they are
secured by iron bars and wooden shutters operated
by long cords. Currently it is, like most of the tower,
filled with boxes of books and papers. There is also
small armory here — a chest that contains a few
medieval swords, several antique firearms, and some
hardwood stakes. Danika left the weapons here
because should the worst happen again, the tower
still makes the best possible place to retreat to, and
should that happen, they will need all the weapons
they can find.

The room above is where Demetrius normally
sleeps. His bed, which is tucked behind a screen for
additional daylight protection, is usually rumpled,
unmade and piled with books. An old manual
Underwood typewriter sits on a mahogany desk
surrounded by file folders, books, and loose-leaf
binders. Jars of ballpoint pens, pencils, and old
quills adorn several shelf and desk nooks. Demetrius'
favorite chair is a recliner that sits near the fire-
place, which he has even been known to sleep in on
occasion. The three small windows in this room
have pebbled glass and stout shutters to keep out
unwelcome daylight.

Above this room is the tower's primary cham-
ber, soaring two stories high into the supporting
rafters of the peaked roof high above. An ornate
stone balcony runs around the circumference of the
room about 12 feet up from the floor, where the
tower broadens out into a majestic overhanging
crown, ringed in the shuttered windows that give
the tower its name. A narrow stair runs up the side
of one wall to access the balcony. This elegant,
high-ceilinged room is Demetrius! library and re-
ceiving hall, when any of the others choose to visit
him. Lined with bookcases, cabinets for important
papers, scrolls and other even more esoteric records,
it has several chairs (only one of which is totally
clear of piles of clutter), another writing desk, and

Carter Two: Wrttn THE WALLS

49


a number of filing cabinets. The candle-lamps in
this room are all now ensconced in glass; Artemis
was horrified at the mere thought of open flame in
a drafty room near so much paper and insisted on
some safety measures.

Demetrius claims he no longer needs to feed,
though if offered vitae in a glass while visiting one
of his colleagues, he does not refuse it, as that would
be rude. In truth, he subconsciously summons one
of the servants when he rises every other evening,
but neither his vessel nor Demetrius himself re-
member the encounter afterward. Due to Demetrius'
powers of Obfuscate, the servant's presence is never
missed downstairs, nor does anyone see him coming
to or leaving the watchtower.

MAHTIEL

The Sleeper of Hunedoara needs little save a
safe place to rest, and Danika and Demetrius ensure
she gets it. She shares the Malkavian's haven in the
Watchtower; Demetrius requested it as the most
secure place the Castle had to offer, and Danika
willingly granted it to him. Mahtiel sleeps in a
locked room on the lower level of the tower. The
door is usually kept locked unless Demetrius is in
with her. The castle servants know they are not
permitted to enter and they obey. They have no
knowledge of what lies within.

The room is fairly bare. Mahtiel has few per-
sonal possessions nor any desire for them. Demetrius
keeps it far cleaner and neater than he does his own
quarters; somehow he knows anything less would
disturb her rest. The walls are whitewashed plaster,
and the floor is bare stone. Mahtiel's 15th-century
armor and weapons are displayed along one wall.
Demetrius cleans and polishes them once a year to
prevent rust. In an alcove in front of a bricked-up
window is a small shrine to Mahtiel's lost love. Its
altar holds a small incense burner, a beautifully
preserved sword and dagger in a medieval Turkish
style, a bracelet made from a braided loop of long
black hair, and an alabaster urn containing what
Mahtiel could find of Rothriel's ashes. Against the
opposite wall, a simple chest holds a few articles of
clothing, a bone comb, and a few other small per-
sonal articles.

Mahtiel's catafalque sits in the center of the
room, made of polished brass and ebony, raising the
thin, silk-covered pallet on which she lies to about
four feet off the ground. The sleeping Salubri lies on
her back, eyes closed, arms down at her sides, head
resting on a small pillow. She wears a plain white

linen shift. A soft coverlet of blue velvet covers her
up to mid-chest; under the coverlet her feet are
bare. When lost in her pleasant dreams, the haunted
sorrow fades from her face and she looks more like
she did of old, when she and her beloved Rothriel
rode across the land fighting the minions of the
Baali. Especially in the soft light of candles, she very
nearly looks the part of the stalwart warrior angel
Demetrius believes her to be.

Mahtiel has no personal servants. Only
Demetrius is permitted to be near her vulnerable,
torpid body. He washes her face and hands, combs
her hair, and brushes away the dust. He also at-
tempts to feed her periodically, coaxing her to take
dribbles of vitae even in her sleep, and cleaning up
the spill if he is unsuccessful. In particular, he makes
sure he has enough vitae available to feed her when
she does rise, so no mortal need fear her hunger on
the night of the Lottery.

Mahtiel's level of sleep varies; she does not
wake when Demetrius enters her chamber, for he is
afamiliar and trusted presence. But shoulda stranger
do so, especially with harmful intent, her abilities
are such that she would likely sense the intrusion
and struggle to awaken — and rise in a less than
hospitable mood, although groggy and far from the
peak of her martial skills.

PENTWERET

The ancient Setite priest-magician has his quar-
ters on the ground floor of the White Keep, accessible
from the Old Gatehouse hall and the Keep's foyer
facing the courtyard. His sleeping chamber is down
below, sealed off from the rest of the ossuary and
accessible only through the shrine.

Most of Pentweret's visitors see only his receiv-
ing hall, which is sparsely but tastefully furnished
with a few simple chairs and a low coffee table in
front of the fireplace. His three statue servitors
stand in different corners of the room, and his ghoul
snake has a basket near the fireplace (though it can
be found anywhere in the castle). This room is
otherwise decorated with a heterogeneous mix of
different objects: a devotional icon of the Madonna
and child, a turn-of-the-century telephone, a
wooden tobacco-store Indian, a pair of framed an-
tique dueling pistols, a teddy bear, a carnival mask
from Venice, a pair of stuffed and mounted rabbits
posed in the act of mating. The chamber presents a
sort of Rorschach test for the Setite's guests — he
watches to see what catches their attention (or
perhaps what they assiduously avoid looking at).

La oF THE Hibden

50


Beyond the front room is another, divided in
half with a painted Chinese floor screen. On one
side, Pentweret maintains his own blasphemy shrine
with a partially dismembered, mummified corpse (a
German soldier) stretched on a metal frame. The
corpse sports a party hat on its head and a noise-
maker in its mouth — there is nothing, Pentweret
believes, that cannot be mocked, not even his own
magical traditions. On the other side of the room is
the Setite's personal temple to Set and Saulot. The
two statuettes stand side by side, and each can be
opened like a Russian doll to reveal a smaller figu-
rine of the other Antediluvian inside.

A narrow circular stairway goes down to an-
other chamber below. This room is both Pentweret's
tomb/sleeping chamber and his workroom. A work-
bench holds wax, paper, papyrus, pens, gravers,
awls, files and pliers, jars of semiprecious stones,
and other tools of his magic. The floor is gritty with
a thin layer of sand, and the walls are painted with
hieroglyphic writings and images of the gods. An
ornately carved cabinet of teak holds a collection of
papyrus scrolls and books. Pentweret sleeps in a
simple coffin, with a carved bone headrest in the

ancient Egyptian style instead of a pillow.

Pentweret has no mortal servants; his statue
servitors and pet snake provide all the help he needs
save for feeding, and for that, he accepts whomever
loan sends to his door.

DRENIS

Drenis' haven is on the second floor of the
White Keep, and her only complaint about it, as she
once told Danika, is that it was too close to Anastazi
Ruthven by about a hundred miles. Danika smiled
and agreed, but that was the end of it. Other than
her upstairs neighbor, Drenis is about as comfort-
able as she might expect. Her haven has two
entrances: one, a stairway that comes up from the
foyer of the Old Gatehouse, and another that opens
out onto the second floor of the Old Gatehouse as
well. Both doors are fitted with the very best locks
the 15th century could provide, and can be barred
from the inside.

Drenis led a fairly ascetic existence even in her
mortal days. Her haven is rather sparsely furnished
compared to that of some of her fellows, and it's
always immaculately neat. The long workroom con-
tains a slanted writing desk, a flat worktable, a few
chairs and a small cot for Maria, Drenis' personal
attendant, near the fireplace. A marble-topped lady's
vanity with a mirror sits in a corner. It contains the

cosmetics that Drenis uses to help cover her deathly
pallor and sunken cheeks, the mark of her
Cappadocian heritage. Part of one wall also con-
tains her personal library. Drenis has a morbid
fascination for books about murder, genocide and
torture. Her library contains books on the Inquisi-
tion, the Holocaust, serial killers, sexual abuse,
even psychological portraits of Hitler — anything
that touches on man's cruelty to his fellow man,
often with detailed photographs.

Her sleeping chamber in the rounded end of the
keep has several deep, narrow windows, which have
only heavy wooden shutters to keep out daylight and
the cold. Drenis sleeps, wrapped in a linen sheet like a
shroud, in a lidded casket, which sits on a low bier in
the center of the room. The casket is made of polished
wood, but its interior is very plain and lacks any
padding or lining for its occupant's comfort.

The room is also a kind of shrine — it contains
several hundred small terra-cotta figurines, lined up
neatly on shelves all around the room. Drenis made the
figurines herself, as part of her funerary duties for
Hunedoara and the Pact. Each contains a small relic —
a bit of hair, a small chip of bone or a scrap of clothing
— from the body of the mortal it represents. Drenis
knows every one of her figurines by name; she recites
the whole long list of the dead in her meditation
rituals, and on the anniversary of their deaths, begs
their forgiveness for her participation in it.

Drenis' servant was once a victim of sexual
abuse. Drenis brought the girl into her service
because the Cappadocian felt compassion for what
she had suffered. Maria has been with Drenis for less
than a year, but adores her mistress completely. She
is still wary of most of the other mortals in the castle
(never mind the vampires), and spends most of her
time in Drenis' quarters.

Drenis has never liked feeding. Both the implied
violence and physical intimacy cause her distress, and
she still strives to find Golconda. With some assistance
from others on the staff, Maria has learned how to
collect the blood her mistress needs from the night's
designated mortal servant, and has it ready in a cup for
Drenis when she rises. While Maria has occasionally
permitted Dr. Metzger to surgically draw her blood for
her mistress, she has never experienced the Kiss, and
fears it as much as she fears the touch of the stepfather
who once abused her.

ANASTAZI
When Anastazi was given the option of private
quarters at Hunedoara (having previously shared

(Cuarrer Two: WmtHin THE WALLS

51


them with his sire), he took it, and occupied the
rooms as far away from Danika as he could possibly
get, on the third floor of the White Keep. The space
wasn't much when he first moved in, of course; it
had apparently been used only for storage. Anastazi
would like to think he's made some considerable
improvements to it since then.

Anastazi's rooms are accessed either from the
spiral stair coming up from the second floor of the
Old Gatehouse, or via a somewhat more round-
about route from the stairs outside the Council
Hall, past the guest rooms. To say that Anastazi is a
packrat is rather like calling a Brujah argumenta-
tive. He is very fond of technological gadgets, but is
unfortunately far better at acquiring new toys than
doing something about the surfeit of old ones. After
five centuries of collecting, his haven has the gen-
eral look of a cross between an antique shop attic
and an indoor yard sale. His decorating scheme
appears to be based around piles and clutter; every
surface in both rooms (and he has a number of tables
just for this very purpose) is covered with gadgets,
toys and miscellaneous pieces of technology dating
back several hundred years. Most of these still work,
and Anastazi knows how to operate each one, even
if it's a gadget (like a battery-powered electric razor)
he has absolutely no use for. There isn't much room
to walk in Anastazi's quarters, but many, many
things to pick up, examine, play with and enjoy.

Anastazi's fondness for modern technology also
has led him to install a luxury in his haven that no
other Inconnu enjoys: electricity. He purchased a
gas-powered generator a decade or two ago, and has
now "wired" (through the use of multiple extension
cords) both rooms and put up electric lights. He
recently graduated from a crank-operated Victrola
toa battery-powered boom box and CDs. He greatly
enjoys having an orchestra or vocalist at his com-
mand. He saves all the drained batteries in a box
under one of the tables; he's been experimenting
with various koldunic rituals hoping to find a way to
recharge them.

Anastazi sleeps on a waterbed, another piece of
modern technology he found particularly enjoy-
able, especially since he figured out a ritual to fill it
for him without having to haul buckets up the
stairs. The waterbed is set partially in an alcove, and
he has hung heavy bed curtains from the ceiling
beams to protect him from any stray sunlight that
gets in past the shutters. He has two small silk
"pillows" on the bed that contain samples of his
grave earth; he usually sleeps with at least one

against his body. Of course, since Anastazi's grave
earth actually is from Hunedoara's own graveyard,
it's not like he's lacking a source of supply.

Anastazi prefers to feed on women, preferably
young and pretty ones, and preferably during
lovemaking, though even a pretty young man will
do ina pinch. Unfortunately, the available choices
do not always excite his appetites. He sometimes
sends his manservant Victor to bring back a prosti-
tute or two from Deva; his only problem then is
dealing with them afterward, since he lacks the
ability to cloud their memories. He usually has to
make a deal with Hill or Zamra to take care of that
little detail. Anastazi learned back in the 19th
century that even the murder of prostitutes might
be investigated, when his manservant was arrested,
convicted and hung for his master's crime — a very
embarrassing incident indeed. He has recently dis-
covered that Victor is more than willing to fill in for
a less than satisfactory vessel on occasion, and is
quite pretty enough to suit. Hopefully he'll be ro-
bust enough to bear up under the repeated strain of
his master's Kiss as well.

Anastazi is one of the Inconnu more likely to
actually invite interesting (or attractive) charac-
ters into his haven to show off his collection to, to
chat, scheme, share a vessel, or even share blood.

Hii

The former soldier turned priest and sorcerer
keeps spartan quarters on the second floor of the
east wing, just off the ornate gothic portico opening
onto the courtyard. A door off the second floor of
the Old Gatehouse gives entry to a sparsely fur-
nished hall, part museum and part map room. Two
hanging bronze chandeliers, of a dozen candles
each, hang from the ceiling, giving the room a fair
bit of light spilling down from above. A variety of
weapons, including Roman gladioli, medieval broad-
swords, Renaissance rapiers and a pair of beautifully
matched Japanese samurai blades are displayed on
the walls, hanging in racks or laid on folded velvet
on the tops of glass-fronted bookcases. A broad
table dominates the middle of the room, with its
edges raised several inches like a lip to hold the
expanse of dirt contained within. On the table is a
miniature landscape, complete with hills, tiny trees,
a winding road, and a bridge going over a river. Tiny
lead figurines, some on horseback and others on
foot, are carefully arranged in formation on the
landscape, re-enacting some battle of the past. Hill
isan avid student of military tactics, and can talk for

La oF THE HIDDEN

52


hours on the details of many historical battles. He
has an extensive library of military history, strategy
and tactical manuals, and often entertains certain
members of the mortal staff with such visual dem-
onstrations, challenging them to guess what the
next move of a commander might be.

The room beyond that serves as Hill's personal
dwelling quarters. A small room is closed off in one
corner, which serves as Hill's sleeping chamber.
The room is just large enough for a plain army cot,
a stool, a chest for his nightshirts and a few other
personal belongings, and a small shrine. The con-
tents of the shrine have varied over the years; Hill
has never yet found a set of beliefs that suited him
quite as well as Mithraism once did, yet he is too
stubborn to return to a religion he now believes was
a fraud. Currently, the shrine contains a small figure
of Ganesha, the Hindu god with the body of a man
and the head of an elephant.

The rest of the room contains a wardrobe and
dresser, a writing desk, and a locked cabinet with Hill's
books on sorcery, philosophy and new age metaphys-
ics. There is also a narrow cot near the fireplace, neatly
made but unused, with a chest for clothing beside it.
Hill's last servant Gyorgy had his name drawn in the
lottery nearly 10 years ago, the fourth time in all the
long years of the Pact that Hill had lost someone he'd
grown to rely on. He has not sought to choose another,
yet has not removed the cot, either. Meanwhile, he
simply takes care of himself.

Hill normally works his major thaumaturgical
rituals in the mithraeum, but he has also performed
small summonings and wardings in his own little
tower chamber, accessed froma corner of this cham-
ber, whose windows overlook the chapel and back
gardens of the castle.

THOSE WHO SERVE

The Twelve are not the only inhabitants of
Hunedoara. During the centuries of the castle's
existence, even in sorcerous isolation, many mortal
servants have dwelt there, serving the needs of their
masters — and paying the price of the Pact with
their blood. After so many years, so many sacrifices,
the Twelve have ceased to pay much attention to
their servants as individuals. The chances of losing
them to the annual lottery, accidental over-feed-
ing, or suicide are too great; there's no point in
getting attached to them. In pure psychological
self-defense, the ancient vampires have emotion-
ally distanced themselves from their mortal servants

and companions, even more so than much younger
Kindred do in the world outside the castle's invis-
ible walls.

Each of the Cainite inhabitants of Hunedoara
has the right to one personal servant, who is bound
in blood and sacrosanct, immune by mutual agree-
ment — at least in theory, if not always in practice
— to the fangs of his master's contemporaries. This
servant usually sleeps in his master's own rooms, as
opposed to the common dormitories shared by the
other servants, and performs whatever duties his
master requires. He is permitted to leave the castle
on his master's business, since the blood bond will
both keep him from breaking the castle's veil of
secrecy and always bring him back again. A per-
sonal servant is required to attend the annual lottery;
if his name is drawn from the barrel, he must be
present to serve his master's need that one last time.

The rest of the servants are a mix of those
Danika provides for the upkeep of the castle and its
mortal population, and additional servants for those
of the Twelve who have needs for their labor. These
servants are the basic feeding stock for the castle's
undead inhabitants, made ghouls to ensure their
obedience, and conditioned to the pleasure of the
Kiss. There are usually only about 25 to 30 of these
servants, who perform work of many types, from
cleaning and maintenance of the castle itself, to
preparing meals for their fellows, laundry, working
the castle's gardens, and as needed, burying the
dead. They sleep on the ground floor dormitories in
the west wing. Much of their work is done using
tools and techniques that date back 500 years. The
medieval methods accomplish what needs to be
done, and more importantly, keep the mortals!
hands and minds busy, so they do not have too
much time or energy to plot escapes or rebellion
even if their wills might be strong enough to over-
come the addictive nature of the blood.

Upstairs, DOWNSTAIRS

The mortal servants may be all but faceless to
most of the Twelve, but among themselves, the
situation is quite different. Traditions die hard in a
castle ruled by a Tzimisce, and new servants are
taught their duties based on a strict code of protocol
and tested survival tactics, developed over long
years of unending service to their undead masters.
Aclear hierarchy exists "below-stairs" at Hunedoara,
and those who wish to stay alive quickly learn their
places in it. The average life expectancy of a mortal
at Hunedoara is perhaps a decade, if they're fortunate

Carrer Two: Within THE WaLis

533


enough to endure repeated feedings, medieval liv-
ing conditions, illness and the annual lottery, though
some have managed to last much longer. The ser-
vants' hierarchy has as much to do with seniority as
much as an individual's specific duties, so those who
do manage to survive can expect the dubious reward
of rising in it, perhaps even earning more presti-
gious responsibilities than when they first started.

The highest-status servants are those who person-
ally serve one of the Twelve. Their word is law to their
fellows, and their requests treated as if one of the
masters themselves were asking it. They sleep not in
the common dormitories, but in more private quarters
with their respective master, or one of the rooms on the
third floor. They move about the castle freely by day or
by night, and do not seem to fear even the monstrous
Sclav. They also leave the castle on errands for their
masters, sometimes even going as far as Deva or even
Bucharest... a freedom few of the common servants
enjoy. On the rare occasions that one of the personal
servants is selected in the lottery, or dies due to some
other reason, the servants indulge in considerable
speculation over — and even competition for — her
position.

The personal servants know their lot is no
better, and in some ways worse. Their lives hang on
their master's whim and their ability to satisfy
them; that is all that fills their minds most of the
time. They have no more privacy than their fellows
if they share their master's rooms, only a cot and
small chest in an out of the way corner. They feed
on their master's blood and are often addicted to the
Kiss, which serves only to underscore their desire to
please. They are often privy to some of their mas-
ters' secrets, or overhear conversations, arguments
and bitter insults traded among the Twelve, which
can put their lives in danger should one of the
Inconnu decide they know too much. Not all the
Twelve have much patience for less than perfect
service, so their servants must learn quickly and
well what is expected of them.

The castle's seneschal, Ioan Sturza, reports di-
rectly to Danika and as such holds rank equal with
the servants of other Inconnu. His responsibilities,
however, are focused less on her personally, and
more toward the castle as a whole. Ioan oversees all
the other servants, assigns duties, checks work qual-
ity, settles disputes, and makes sure everything is
running smoothly so his mistress is not troubled by
domestic problems. He also handles the acquisition
of necessary provisions, everything from foodstuffs
for the servants' kitchen to silk embroidery floss for

Lair oF THE HiDDeN

54


his mistress, to Anastazi's growing collection of
CDs, to small supplies of antibiotics, herbal rem-
edies and other medical supplies as requested by
Eshmunamash.

Every few months, Zamra audits loan's accounts,
hoping to find some trifling waste, loss or irregular-
ity. loan can do nothing but grit his teeth and bear
with whatever the Lasombra says, though he does
make secret note of anything she finds. Even after
so many years, her "If I ran my inn this sloppily, I'd
have been out on the street and my children would
have starved!" speech still manages to annoy him.
After she is finally satisfied, he must go vent his
wounded pride on someone else even lower in the
pecking order. Ioan is one of the longest-surviving
ghouls in the castle. Although he puts his name in
the lottery along with everyone else, he has so far
not been chosen, nor succumbed to any other dan-
ger for nearly 60 years. He has high standards as to
the work expected of his staff, and does not tolerate
idleness; all the servants strive to look very busy
whenever he is in the area.

Others among the more common serving staff in-
clude Petrascu, the cook; Kristoff, the hunter, who
sometimes brings back game from the woods surround-
ing the castle; Ilse, who sees to the linens and laundry;
Andrzej, who serves as the general fix-it man and
builder; and Marushka, who oversees the garden in the
back. The castle's mortal population has a far higher
percentage of males to females, so the few women on the
staff get more than their share of attention from the
men, often far more than they want. For those who have
been in the castle for any length of time, sex isn't as good
as the Kiss, but as they wait for their turn to serve the
masters, they settle for whatever other pleasures they
can get.

With a few exceptions — Drenis, who knows all
names of both the living and the dead, and Demetrius,
who simply knows — most of the Twelve have ceased
to learn servants' names, other than those who serve
them personally. There have been too many of them,
and their names run together in the memory. The
mortal servants have learned to respond to whatever
name theyare called, and do not attempt to call further
attention to themselves by correcting the error.

Ioan also holds one other duty, which gives him
great power over those in his charge — he determines
the feeding schedule for the castle's undead masters.
He coordinates this with several of the Twelve's per-
sonal attendants: Adrian Metzger, who lets loan know
if anyone is ill or has recently been bled unduly, and
Bekir, who is there primarily to ensure "fairness," or at

THE SERVANT OF GEHENNA

If Saulot decides to come to Hunedoara and
watch his former disciples face the fate the players
characters bring to them, he chooses to disguise
himself as just another one of the common seryants.
The Antediluvian's power is such that the other
mortals accept him as one of themselves without
question, and indeed withouteven wondering where
he is during daylight hours. Nor do the Inconnu
realize that one of their mortal servants is not one of
their normal staff, or in fact even mortal.

Asaservant, Saulot may aid the players subtly in
figuring out what is going on at Hunedoara, but he
will not actually intervene directly in the situation.
The characters are his means of "solving" the prob-
lem, and if they can't get the Twelve to face reality
and renounce what they have become, then no one
will. However, he does want to give both the char-
acters and the Twelve a fair chance, so if the
Storyteller needs a servant to drop a hint or other-
wise give the players a slight nudge in the right
direction, Saulot may at least do that much for them.

As a mortal servant, Saulot is a stocky silver-
haired Eastern European man of late middle age,
who goes by the name of Stefan. He speaks with a
noticeable accent and always shows the exact
amount of deference and humility the Twelve
expect from their staff. He should seem perfectly
ordinary in all respects, even if one of the characters
chooses to feed on him or kill himout of hand. They
will see and experience only what he wants them
to, no roll required (and they will not be drinking
his blood in any case). Killing "Stefan" will probably
put an end to any further hints or aid he is willing
togive them. He will notreveal his true nature until
the matter of the Twelve and their fate is resolved.

least that's what he claims. Serving certain of the
Twelve is far more pleasurable than others. Some of
the staff are highly addicted to the Kiss, while some
prefer being bled to taking the risk of submitting
directly to any vampire's uncertain temper. Itis rare for
a death to occur as a result of normal feeding, though
it has happened. The Twelve too, have preferences.
Toan must balance them all, knowing that in the end,
the wishes of the cattle matter little to the herder.
Ioan will inquire of the characters what their
preferences are, and do his best to fulfill the wishes of
his lady's guests, no matter how outlandish or perverse,
so long as it lies within his capabilities. Answering
what he judges to be harmless questions, or seeing the

Charter Two: Within THE Watts

55


characters provided with clean clothes, hot water,
wood for a fire, or a girl to warm the bed for them falls
within that range. Aiding in their escape, or conspir-
ing against his lady or her other guests does not. He is
no more immune to Dominate or other mind-bending
Kindred powers than any other mortal, but he can
recognize them in use unless the character using them
is very subtle, and will most certainly report such a
blatant breach of hospitality to his mistress.

FinpiInG Goop Hetp

The servants of Hunedoara have a higher turnover
rate than Danika would like. In addition to the one
who is ritually slain every year, they also die from
careless feeding, illness, or occasionally, suicide. For
one reason or another, a few must be replaced every
year, which is no easy task; mortals who come to
Hunedoara come to stay. This doesn't mean they
never physically leave. The castle staff often must
leave the castle grounds in performance of their duties,
either to get supplies, run errands, deliver messages or
work in the castle's adjacent vegetable gardens.

However, only the most trusted servants, those
bound in blood and of proven obedience, are those
who make those trips. Fora servant newly bound, or
whose will is strong or who might otherwise be
tempted to forget the consequences of disobedi-
ence, the castle gates remain closed and barred.

Danika's procurers make it their business to keep an
eye out for likely candidates, in addition to the other
duties she requires of them. The qualifications can be
hard to meet: The candidate must be healthy and
strong, desperate enough to agree to almost anything,
and have no family, employer, or other ties to the mortal
world so that the person's disappearance will cause any
question or investigation. Magda Kovac, one of Danika's
procurers, travelsaround Eastern Europe and the Balkans
on business of various kinds on her mistress' behalf. She
looks for refugees without family, political dissidents
hiding from authorities, or even petty criminals who
have gotten on the wrong side of organized crime —
essentially, anyone who might have a burning need to
disappear, or who would not be missed if he did. She also
looks for particular skills or temperaments — someone
who is too strong-willed, too religious, too educated, or
too violent may be overlooked in favor of the fearful,
weak-willed, ignorant or dull-witted. Danika does not
want servants who will cause trouble. The weak taste
the same as the strong.

All mortals serving in the castle sign a contract of
service. This was not originally a condition of the Pact,
but the demon has since added that requirement, for

THe Orrer He CouLpn't Reruse

On a few occasions, Magda has been less
choosy. A former army cook turned petty gang-
ster, Toma Petrascu got on Magda's bad side by ©
cheating her on a business deal and then grop- ©
ing her to make up for it. Some time after that,
he found himself unjustly accused: of embez-
zling from his bosses, whom he knew were not —
forgiving men. Fearing for his life, he attempted ©
to flee the country, but was snatched off the ©
very streets of Bucharest. He woke up in the
back of a jeep rattling over a horrid dirt road, ©
his hands tied behind him and a pillowcase over
his head. Expecting to be executed at any mo-
ment, Petrascu was surprised to be taken to.a
medieval castle and locked in the dungeon.

When nightfall came, Petrascu was taken
upstairs by two men who were stronger than
they looked. Before escorting him upstairs, his
captors showed him what lurked under the
castle gatehouse, grinningas his stoic demeanor
and his knees gave way before the visage of a
monster out of nightmare. After that, thé count-
ess' tale of vampires and sorcery rang terribly, ©
horribly true. She had a folder with Magda's
report on him, his entire life written up for her
perusal, all his weaknesses laid out before her
eyes. She asked him questions, he tried to an-
swer them, and he didn't lie — he feared to lie,
in this place. Then she made him an offer, and
passed hima contract to sign, a contract for life.
Having seen the alternative in the shadows of
the gate, he signed it and drank the ‘cup she
handed to him. Three nights and three drinks
later, he was released from imprisonment. He
then knelt before his new mistress and submit-
ted to her Kiss, and then was given a place to
sleep and work to do: 30 mouths to feed, a large
but primitive kitchen to work in, and as many
hands to assist him as he needed.

It wasn't the retirement plan he'd had in |
mind, but it beat an anonymous grave in the —
middle of nowhere....

some reason it has declined to explain. The contract
was drafted by Cret, and is written in Latin. Of all the
servants who have signed it of late, only Artemis Jones
was able to read it. The contract binds the signer to the
service of the Twelve; by the blood the signer drinks,
she has pledged her body, blood and soul, so long as the
Pact shall last. The contract is an additional binding

LAR OF THE HIDDEN

56


on the castle's mortal staff — if a servant musters the
willpower to fight the bond of blood and flee, the curse
enacted by the broken contract allows the demon free
reign to pursue her and claim her soul.

No mortal, once pledged to the Twelve of
Hunedoara, has ever escaped the castle and survived.

Not all the castle servants are shanghaied. Some
sign their contracts before they even realize what kind
of commitment they are truly making, and the con-
tract need not be signed at the castle to be valid. The
procurers are careful, however, to ensure prompt deliv-
ery of their charge to the castle's gates — usually
drugged so as not to realize where they are or how they
got there. The new arrival is kept secure until the bond
of blood is established. Unless the individual is slated
for the service of a particular member of the Twelve,
his first taste of vampiric vitae will be Danika's, and
after that, often a mixture of vitae from several of the
Twelve. Only the personal servants are bound specifi-
cally to one master. The castle's other mortals, like the
Sclav, are bound to the Twelve as a whole. This
practice diffuses the abject adoration of blood-bound
mortals among all the Twelve, and means that no
Inconnu can claim the undivided loyalties of more

than one servant, a measure of protection for all.

"DA, DOAMN..

The Twelve speak many languages, some of
them very old, certain of them forgotten tongues
altogether. With afew exceptions (Bufo, Mahtiel
and the Sclav, in particular), the characters will
be able to communicate with their hosts in one
tongue or another, even if brokenly. However,
the common language of the castle, particularly
when dealing with the serving staff, is a some-
what archaic dialect of Romanian, with words
from German, Polish, Hungarian, French and
English added to their vocabulary as needed.
This hybrid patois is one of the first things anew
addition to the staff needs to master. Of course,
the servants may also speak modern Romanian,
or any other European language, depending on
their origin.

The Storyteller should think about how
dealing with the elders! mix of languages could
enhance the story — at the very least, work out
what language the players! characters are using
to communicate with the servants and. the
Twelve, and what chance the characters will
have of comprehending other tongues, should
they hear the Twelve or their staff use them.

Carrer Two: WirHin THe Watis

57



We are the origins of war. Not history's forces nor the times nor justice nor the lack of

it nor causes nor religions nor ideas nor kinds of government nor any other thing! We are the
killers; we breed war...we carry it, like syphilis, inside. Dead bodies rot in field and stream
because the living ones are rotten. For the love of God, can't we love one another just a little?
That's how peace begins. We have so much to love each other for. We have such possibilities,
my children; we could change the world.

— Eleanor of Aquitaine, The Lion in Winter (James Goldman)

Here follow descriptions and statistics for each of
the Twelve Kindred of the Pact, as well as the Sclay,
Nikanuuranu, Anastazi's servant Dobos... and one
other slightly less imposing (but no less important)
castle denizen.

THe Twelve

While looking over the Traits for the Twelve, the
Storyteller should bear in mind that there are
Methuselahs and then there are Methuselahs. Power
levels can vary widely even among elders of approxi-
mately the same age or generation. In this case, the
levels have been set to what the authors felt was
appropriate for a published supplement. But depend-
ing on the role the Twelve are to play in an individual
chronicle (fodder for a one-shot story vs. antagonists
for the entire chronicle vs. someone's 5-dot Mentor

Background, etc.), you may want to adjust certain
characters' abilities upward or downward; or to change
their current Humanity, Virtues or other Traits in

For THE STORYTELLER

Please note that even though the Twelve, to
a vampire, are of less than entirely sound mind,
no particular Derangements have been assigned
to any of them. You may wish simply to operate
from the psychological descriptions provided.
However, if it helps to structure your imagina-
tion or your gameplay to give them rule-specific
Derangements from the core book, by all means
do so. The same goes for Merits and Flaws — ~
none have been assigned, but there are certainly
existing Merits and Flaws that could be applied »
if that seems desirable.

Charrer Tree: Muumiptt Personaumes

59


order to better serve the needs of drama. The exist-
ences of such vastly ancient creatures take many twists
and turns, and either the unseemly decay of ennui or
unseemly advancement can easily happen along the
way. As always, feel free.

ASSAMITE

ABDALKUTBA, THE VOYAGER CAGED

Childe of ‘Adnun, childe of Abu Ilaf, childe of
Hagim

Background: Abdalkutba was born in Aila on the
Red Sea coast, sometime near the close of the first
century A.D. He was the son of a spice merchant, but
proved too much the dreamer for that line of work. He
loved the traveling aspect of his father's career, but
wasn't nearly so keen on the actual spice-selling as-
pect. Upon refusing his arranged marriage — to the
daughter of another spice dealer whose enterprises he
would then have had to administrate along with*his
own — he was all but disowned by his famtily,and so
apprenticed himself to an astrglogensin town avjthe
relatively late age of 19. This astrologeryskilled though
he was, concerned himself mainly.with setting propi-
tious dates for theSailingof tradeships and the departure
of caravansé Abdalkutba quickly outstripped his
teacher's abilities and interests,

Abdalkutba then struék out on his own, making
a number of turns@down a.numbersof_extremely
questionable scholarly»e6rridors. An Assamiite vie
zier he approa¢hedwWas impressed with his temerity;
realizing that left to his own devices the lad might
eventually come to a bad end indeed, he decided to
take Abdalkutba under wing. Abdalkutba inherited
the quest for Golconda from his (to be honest) far
wiser sire. Even as a neonate he was quite sincere
about it, but he has always treated it more as a secret
to be delved than a peace to enjoy. Certainly he has
spent more of his undead years chasing Golconda
lore than absorbing it.

Abdalkutba passed a few centuries in the company
of his Blood and under the thumb of his sire. Soon
enough, however, his restlessness drove him to travel.
Although he never converted to Islam, he took full
advantage of Islam's expansion. Throughout its era of
earthly glory he assumed many names and guises.
Sometimes he was the sand-roughened Bedouin, some-
times the cultured wise man of Baghdad. Sometimes
he was Aladdin and sometimes the genie. He regularly
shucked off old identities for new ones much as the
snake changed its skin, and with self-evident pleasure.

He was as outraged as any Assamite by the curse
the Tremere laid at Thorns, but while he connived
against the Usurpers on his own, the Mountain never
quite managed to coax him into accepting what it
considered his due post and duty. This and his continu-
ing refusal to accept Allah eventually alienated him
from the clan. (Now that paganism has once again
reared its ancient, scar-tracked head within the Eagle's
Nest, it's possible that Abdalkutba would be more
gallantly received there, but the likelihood of his ever
going back — even should he somehow escape the
Pact — is not high.)

Before long, Abdalkutba had become Inconnu,
almost by default. The quasi-sect's neutral stance suited
him far better than did the passion of Alamut: The
ever-changing feuds and allegiances of the world were
always getting in the way of truly important pursuits.

Getting into the Pact: Abdalkutba walked into
the Pact' with eyes wider open than most.From the
very,beginning, he,had suspicions, supported by ex-
ploratory horosgopes, about the "guardian spirit" that
Cret planned to conjurein orderto seal and keep the
Pact. Two things convinced him fo go forward regard-
less For one; his charts cleatly showed thatthe Twelve
had the potentialito become agreat/beacon of light;
surely, he could not permiv/the filthy Tremere to
femovesuch hope from the world. Foranother, he was
extremely Clitious;about the spirit itself. He correctly
guessed it to be a being that had been present at the
very dawn of Creation, a being that had seen Dushara
(the Nabataean great god) face to face. He questioned
Cret about what it was, what its name was and where
it came from with very little success.

Since Then: Where Abdalkutba most seriously
overestimated himself was in his belief that he could
stand being shut up for this long. He thought he'd long
since spent his old wanderlust, but he finds that the
longer he remains in the castle the worse his cabin
fever gets. Sometimes he manages to distract himself
with internal intrigues, sometimes with vicarious ad-
ventures lived through his proxies. Sometimes he even
takes another stab at Golconda fora decade or two. But
none of this can substitute for the wide world.

Relations with Others: Abdalkutba was origi-
nally on good terms with Eshmunamash, but they have
since split, rancorously, on the issue of Nikanuuranu.
While Abdalkutba doesn't trust Nikanuuranu, he hon-
ors its past greatness and pities its terrible fall. Over the
centuries, they have had some fascinating conversa-
tions. Unfortunately, his rapport with it now eclipses
his rapport with the group he theoretically entered the
Pact to save. Abdalkutba nominally remains one of

LA OF THE HIDDEN

60

Cret's partisans, but privately gave up on the stiff-
necked and deluded Ventrue a long time ago.

Even before Mahtiel fell into torpor, Abdalkutba
found her aura of tragedy nearly as intriguing as
Nikanuuranu's. Unfortunately, she didn't return his
interest, and repeatedly refused his offers to cast her
stars. Several times over the past centuries, he has
deliberately tried to rouse her either mentally or physi-
cally, but never with the intended result. Abdalkutba
admires Danika's strength but her horoscope has never
been well-aspected, and he now fears that her ill stars
will triumph not only over her but also over any who
choose to side with her. Bufo's extracurricular activities
he watches with great curiosity; but he knows that if he
actually spoke to Bufo about them then they'd stop, thus
depriving him of one of his few reliable diversions.

One night long ago Abdalkutba broached with
Pentweret the taboo subject of escaping the Pact. That
discussion went very badly indeed. Pentweret, true to
form, tested how much "truth" Abdalkutba was willing
to face and judged him as lacking. For his part,
Abdalkutba resented Pentweret's assuming a tutorial
air when he'd approached him as an equal. Each came
away convinced that the other would betray anyone in
order to escape. That wasn't true at the time, but by
now it might well be. They no longer converse, except
on superficial topics, and when either sees a chance to
humiliate the other before the rest of the Twelve, he
generally takes it.

Outside Influence: Abdalkutba plies what influ-
ence he has (through both written correspondence
and Auspex) chiefly to sate his voyeurism. He's be-
come a voracious collector of souvenirs, from the
trivial to the blasphemous, and is certainly not above
manipulating young Golconda-seekers or clueless fida'i
into making extremely dangerous journeys on his
behalf. In this pursuit, he plays the role of Mysterious
Elder to the hilt, strongly implying that the course of
Gehenna might well hinge on the outcome of the
quest, when in fact he simply wants to hear what it was
like afterward. He has even taken a fatal (for others)
interest in the creatures called Cathayans.

Among other Inconnu, Abdalkutba has always
had a somewhat dilettantish reputation and can't
command nearly the amount of respect that Cret or
Eshmunamash can. But younger seekers rarely become
aware of this fact before it's too late, as Inconnu are
generally anything but gossips.

The Deal: Nikanuuranu hardly needs a Deal per se
with Abdalkutba. All it really has to do is keep telling
him stories about the Dawn of Creation. However, this
gets tiring, not to mention painful, so it has persuaded

the vizier to accept a more concrete gift. None of the
curses currently set in abeyance over Abdalkutba's
head will actually go off even if the triggering condi-
tionsare met. This doesn't free him from the restrictions
of the Pact itself (he still can't harm or kill the others
with impunity), and in all honesty, he's never yet
figured out a real use for this loophole. Nevertheless, it
pleases him to have it.

Image: A Middle Eastern man in his late 20s with
a sparse, curly beard, a long thin face and luminous
dark-brown eyes, though most visitors previously un-
acquainted with ancient Assamites notice his shiny
coal-black skin first and foremost. Although his rooms
are beautifully festooned with costumes from the world
over, he generally wears simple traditional Arab men's
garb, occasionally livening it up with jewelry — which
might be anything from a Ptolemaic beadwork to a
green plastic ring fished out of a bubblegum machine.

Roleplaying Hints: You engage with people im-
mediately and deeply. You want to hear all about it,
and you're terribly interested in the details. This fre-
quently leads those who don't know better to assume
that you care. They don't realize that someone else just
as interesting as them will come along after they're
gone. You've never been in love and you've never had
a true friend (though at one time, with Eshmunamash
and Cret, you felt you were getting close). To you, most
people are like your star charts: beautiful, complicated,
captivating and ultimately rather abstract.

Self-Destruct Button: Even as a mortal
Abdalkutba had an enormous capacity to distract
himself and others from the emptiness inside. The only

Charter Tee: Muvmpte PersonaLmes

61


way to destroy him is to remove those distractions.
This can be hazardous — if he discovers someone
trying to take his trinkets away, pursuing appropriate
vengeance against that person becomes his new hobby.
Abdalkutba also continually casts and recasts the stars
of the Twelve, but his readings only grow dimmer and
less distinct. For now he successfully shuts out his
mounting despair about this, but if others of the
Twelve were to find out, he could no longer deny it to
them or to himself.

Sire: ‘Adnun

Nature: Dabbler

Demeanor: Celebrant

Generation: 6th

Embrace: Late first century A.D.

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 7, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 6, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Diplomacy
2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Expression 2, Haggling 3,
Intimidation 2, Intrigue 4, Leadership 2, Legerdemain
3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts (Metalsmith) 3, Eti-
quette 4, Firearms 1, Herbalism 1, Meditation 3, Melee
4, Performance (Oud) 2, Ride 4, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 7, Clan Knowledge
(Assamite) 3, Enigmas 4, Expert Knowledge (Astrol-
ogy) 6, Expert Knowledge (Theology) 2, Finance 2,
History 4, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics (Arabic,
Latin, Greek, Romanian, others as desired) 5, Medi-
cine 1, Occult 4, Politics 1, Research 2, Science
(Physics) 4

Disciplines: Auspex 7, Celerity 7, Dominate 5, Forti-
tude 6, Potence 5, Presence 4, Quietus 7
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Retainers 3
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: See the Appendix for a description of
Horoscopic Forecast and Supernal Awareness,
Abdalkutba's advanced Auspex powers. In addition to
the usual Assamite flaw, Abdalkutba also has a flaw
associated with being a vizier. He has an obsessive
derangement connected to his Academics ability. In
other words, he collects his hoarded knowledge about
anything and everything with an intensity too focused
to be entirely sane.

BRUJAH

ESHMUNAMASH, THE WOUNDED Doctor
Childe of Gersakkun, childe of Troile
Background: Tyre was prosperous long before it

was powerful, and at the time the child Eshmunamash
was born in it, it was still a tributary of the Egyptian
empire, a fat cow to be milked. Eshmunamash's father
was a doctor-priest of the healing god Eshmun, and in
order to ensure the continuation of his trade he offered
his eldest son up to the god's eternal service at the age
of five. Eshmunamash's earliest memories are of sharp-
ening surgical instruments and hanging up bunches of
herbs to dry in the sunlight. By the time he was 12 he
had three herbals and a manual of forensic pathology
learned by heart, and nothing biological held any
horror or revulsion for him. He could handle corpses,
chunks of gangrenous tissue and jars of vomitus alike
with a remarkable combination of clinical detach-
ment and quiet respect.

It wasn't until he was long grown, however, that
this quality of his attracted the attention of the undead.
The Brujah Gersakkun of Tyre had gotten into a
family argument with a mortal descendant and acci-
dentally flown into a rage. Not knowing what else to
do, he brought the half-dead lad to the house of
Eshmunamash, who lived nearby. Eshmunamash im-
mediately realized that here was no ordinary ailment,
and he clearly suspected Gersakkun to be the cause.
But he treated the anemia regardless, dealing with
both patient and guest gently. Gersakkun was greatly
moved by his dignity; he felt that here at last was a man
who could approach the Cainite condition without
fear or loathing, a man who could help him come to
terms with himself. He Embraced the kindly doctor.

Eshmunamash, however, found it much harder to
accept the blood-thirst and the Brujah curse in himself
than he had in another. He'd been raised to treat other
people as though their bodies were temples and their
spirits the resident gods; that he could now take
pleasure in bloodshed and violence seemed a betrayal
not only of his father and his religion but also his own
inner nature. He often sought escape in torpor, but
dreaded each rising with its risk of hunger-frenzy. His
sire abandoned him in despair and later fell to the
Beast.

He was still fighting this struggle eight centuries
later when an old colleague in the clan, Shalmat,
approached him with a proposal: Come across the
water to Africa, toacolony Tyre had recently founded.
There the Brujah pursued a fascinating experiment in
coexistence with mortals. Shalmat suggested that he

Lar oF THE HIDDEN

2

take up doctoring again, reconcile with his god and
dedicate himself to the service of humankind. Ancient
Troile himself ruled the colony with wisdom and
virtue. Eshmunamash accepted the offer, his hope
ignited for the first time in years.

Fora time he was happy in Carthage, or as close to
itas he could remember being. He established a temple
and brought ancient Egyptian and Phoenician learn-
ing back into mortal prominence. Greek and even
Roman doctors made the hazardous sea-journey to
come study at his knee. He comforted himself with the
thought that he was helping not only Carthage but
also the entire civilized world; and if the price of that
help was that the bleeding-bowls were emptied into his
gullet rather than given in sacrifice to some overfed
deity, surely that wasn't too great a burden. Mean-
while, Shalmat assisted the mortals in turning the city
into a bastion of grace and delight.

Cainites of other clans gathered in the city in
greater numbers, and the Brujah soon began to grumble.
Eshmunamash thought it too easy to simply blame the
newcomers when the Brujah still led the city. He
joined the vocal faction that sought to forbid the
founding of blood-cults and place fair limits on Cainite
immigration, but was accused of complacence by the
Zealots who led the cults. After all, his Herd was
assured. What care did he have for those leading a
more hardscrabble unlife than he was?

Then came the infamous rites of Baal-Hammon.
Although Eshmunamash, like many ancient people,
accepted the necessity of human sacrifice in times of
great communal need, the fires of the bronze god began
to burn nearly once a month, and he became troubled.
He went before Troile to protest. Why must children
burn in such numbers? Surely the god wasn't that
hungry, and if he was, perhaps Carthage was better off
without him. Troile promised to investigate, but noth-
ing ever came of it. Eshmunamash's ever-fewer
intimates seemed as paralyzed as he felt, and would
only mutter about Troile's new lover.

What new lover? Eshmunamash had never seen
this mysterious person. Well, perhaps if he paid court
to the founder more often he would understand the
trouble. Eshmunamash heeded his fellows' advice and
visited the palace of Troile for the first time in many
years. What he saw at the feast that night shocked him
to his foundations. Suppressing his rage, Eshhmunamash
left Carthage the following night and went directly to
Rome. Although he made certain serious omissions in
what he told Prince Camilla (in the misguided hope
that it would prevent Carthage's complete destruc-

tion), he did provide information that substantially
assisted the Roman assault.

Although he never precisely regretted leaving Troile
and the city to their well-deserved doom, he nonethe-
less felt the need to retreat and contemplate afterward.

s initial suspicions of the promise of Golconda
melted away after a handful of face-to-face meetings
with Saulot himself. When Saulot was murdered,
however, he had to pin his hopes instead on what little
had been taken down of the master's sayings and on the
keepers of that remnant: Mokur and his self-appointed
biographer Cret.

Getting into the Pact: Never again, Eshmunamash
swore after Carthage; never again would he be sold a
false utopia. And yet he let his great personal faith in
Saulot and Mokur blind him to the flaws of their
closest disciples. At the time of the siege, Cret seemed
simply to be the pragmatic Ventrue, proposing a prac-
tical plan for sidestepping a very temporary problem.
Even the sacrifice was supposedly a volunteer.
Eshmunamash now knows that several of the Twelve
said nothing to him or to each other about their
suspicions going in.

Since Then: Eshmunamash admitted defeat al-
most immediately after the Pact's first renewal. While
this cost him a great deal of his Humanity at once
(causing several episodes extremely disturbing to any
who knew the gentle doctor), it also saved him the
slow, humiliating, agonizing erosion which most of his
peers now suffer. He descends into torpor now and
again, rising of course for the Pact. The rest of the time
he sees to the medical needs of the castle's mortals,

Carver Turée: Mutmie PersoNaLIEs

63


translates books or, when he can bear to, rereads the
Analects and wonders why they don't speak more about
avoiding evil companions.

Relations with Others: Eshmunamash is the
drowsing lion of the castle now. Everyone tiptoes
around him, fearful of rousing the ancient Brujah rage,
which could well end ina broken Pact andall lost. This
is just the way he likes it; privately, he doubts he even
has it in him to explode anymore. He saves most of
what precious hatred remains for Cret, the great be-
trayer. But he reserves plenty of scorn for the rest. He
remains polite to Danika, whose determination to
continue providing for thoséshe hates, till Gehenna if
necessary, impresses him long after everything else
about her ceased to. He refuses)to participate in most
intrigues but will gladly advoeate any effort against
Cret, which means that Hill is one of his more frequent
visitors. As for Zamra, he's privately,informed her that
while he has no quarrel with her futile; if gratifying,
campaign of verbal abuse, he'll gladly break the Pact to
shut her up if she doesn't leaye him alone.

Outside Influence: Eshmunamash deals very little
with the outside world. Sometimes he'll tentatively
write someone to ask after some Inconnu who seemed
close to Golconda when he entered Hunedoara, but he
won't prolong such contaet for fear of having his own
shame exposed. And occasionally, when he learns ofa
more serious outward plot than usual among the Twelve,
he'll use the power of his Presencé to subtly counteract
it.

The Deal:dn' an especially bleak moment,
Eshmunamash-did strike a Deal. He semi-facetiously
asked for oblivion, which Nikanuuranu said it only
wished was in its power. One week out of every four
Eshmunamash can, if he chooses, "sleepwalk." He
continues to rise and feed, and cah even converse, but
does so as if ina trance. During this time he cannot be
provoked to Frenzy or Rétschreck, even if injured, nor
does he need to make Humanity or Virtue rolls*How-
ever, he cannot in any way lie or deceive either, and
when asked a question might just calmly speak his
complete mind. He often spends the week of the Pact
in this state.

Image: A rather avuncular-looking man in late
middle age, with Semitic features, black eyes and a
gray-peppered curly black beard that he usually dresses
in neat curls after his mortal culture's custom. The
procurer buys him outfits from all over the world;
they're usually loose shirts over loose trousers, with
leather sandals, but almost anything simple and com-
fortable will do. Occasionally he wears Arabic men's
robes.

Roleplaying Hints: Be soft-spoken but very faintly
bitter. The Golconda lore the others hoard, you dis-
pense upon request as though it were no more than
party favors — to you, that's how it feels now. Don't
bother warning visitors of their peril. If they're as
foolish as you are they can just fall in the trap as well.
If they're not, and if they see through the lie more
quickly than expected, then you take a sudden interest
and begin to wake up... not necessarily a good thing.

Self-Destruct Button: In his current state,
Eshmunamash really can't self-destruct; he's curiously
stable in his ennui. First, his hope would have to be
revived and then crushed. This undeftaking requires
the arrival of either a brand-new and promising ac-
quaintance or an old comrade — particularly an old
comrade whom Eshmunamash/once knew to be well
along.toward Golconda. A frésh betrayal from such a
person might well prove enough.

Sire: Gersakkun

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Curmudgeon.

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 16th century B.C)

Apparent Age: Mid 50s

Physical: Stfength 8, Dexterity 7, Stamina 8

Social: Charisma 8, Manipulation 7, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 8, Wits 8
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Diplomacy 4, Empathy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation
6, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts (Poet) 4, Crafts (Potter)
3, Etiquette 4, Herbalism 5; Meditation 6, Melee 3,
Performance (Poetry) 3, Ride 2, Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics 8, Clan Knowledge (Brujah)
5, Clan Knowledge (Salubri) 3, Enigmas 5, Finance 1,
Investigation 4, History 5, Law 5, Linguistics
(Phoenician, Egyptian, Greek, Latin, Arabic, Roma-
nian, Enochian, others as desired) 7, Medicine
(Ancient) 5, Occult 4, Politics 6, Research 5, Science
(Alchemy) 4, Science (Mathematics) 4

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 5, Celerity 8, Domi-
nate 7, Fortitude 8, Mortis (Grave's Decay) 1, Obeah
5, Potence 8, Presence 8, Protean 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Retainers 4
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 7

Notes: The mathematically-inclined might notice
that Eshmunamash's Traits aren't as high as would be
expected for an elder created according strictly to the

Lain of THe HipDeN

64


Storyteller character creation system given in Chil-
dren of the Night. Eshmunamash is an ancient creature
and has forgotten nearly as muchas he has learned over
the millennia; due to his frequent torpor and ever-
present despair, he has also declined in many ways.
However, if the Storyteller wishes to increase his
power level, for what it's worth, up to 60 Ability dots
and 8 Discipline dots could be added while still keep-
ing him within the limits of the published system.
(Whew!) It might also be a nice point of drama, should
Eshmunamash either "wake up" psychologically or,
alternatively, descend into Wassail over the course of
the story, to have him suddenly "remember" Disci-
plines or Abilities even the other Eleven didn't know
he had.

See the Appendix for a description of Compel Passion,
Eshmunamash's special power.

CAPpADOCIAN

DRENIS, THE CHARNEL-MaIp
Childe of Asushunamir, childe of Enheduanna,
childe of Humuusa, childe of Ashur

Background: Drenis was born to a family of pros-

perous winemakers, the only surviving son and thus
the last chance for continuation of the male line.
Toward the end of his 15th year, he was betrothed in
an arranged marriage. Two months later, war de-
scended on his people. While trying to defend his
father's lands, he was beaten and gang-raped by enemy
soldiers.

Ordinarily marriage would have been out of the
question after that, but because he was his family's last
chance, they kept the incident secret and went for-
ward with the wedding the next spring. It was no use.
Drenis went to his wife, who was no older than himself.
He beheld her face full of trepidation, and her body
tensed with uncertainty, and promptly threw up. Every
night for the next few weeks he attempted to do his
duty; each time his gorge rose and he couldn't even
keep his composure, much less achieve arousal.

Rather than continue to shame his family and
dishonor his wife, he ran away, into the arms of the
galloi priestesses of Cybele. These priestesses had been
born men, but in order to properly serve the great
Mother, they'd symbolically become women — not
just by taking on female dress and manner but also
physically, by completely removing their genitalia.
Drenis' own manhood had already been stolen (he
believed this not only because of the rape but because
of his inability to perform a husband's function); and
the idea of remaining in a half-state, neither man nor

woman, revolted him more than the price he would
have to pay to leave it. Besides, perhaps being a man
was not such a fine thing. After all, men had violated
him. He joined the priestesses.

Drenis' particular branch of the Cybele cult was
quite ordinary in requiring castration for its male
priests, but not at all ordinary in other regards: An old
Cappadocian called Asushunamit led it, and instead of
a mere token arm-bleeding, it practiced a far more
ancient form of the rites of Cybele and Attis.
Asushunamir recognized a certain darkness in Drenis,
oung as the new pri s then was, and put
her in charge of tending the victims both before and

even 4

after their deaths. Drenis was unsurprised to learn of
the true fate of the "blessed" sacrifices' souls, but she
reacted to her own Embrace with considerably more
horror. Drinking from mortals made her nearly as sick
as facing her bride had so long ago. She learned in time
to feed, but never to enjoy it unreservedly.

When the cult died, Drenis went wandering. She'd
never received satisfactory answers from her sire. Her
sire, true to clan, could eloquently explain the neces-
sity of death — but not the necessity of cruelty,
bloodlust and suffering. Even the wisest death-priests
of Erciyes could not answer this question. Drenis
finally decided to seek the Salubri, who reportedly
held wisdom no other blood of Caine fully understood.
Demetrius and Mahtiel; they in
turn led her to Mokur, and she became his avowed

She chanced acro:

disciple. She appreciated Cret more in correspondence

Charter Tee: Mutmte PersonaLmes

65


than in person, but Eshmunamash, Pentweret and
Danika all greatly impressed her in different ways.
Getting into the Pact: Drenis acceded to the Pact
even though she suspected the price might be steeper
than any of them expected (a fatalist, she believes the
price is always steeper than expected). And despite the
fact that protecting Drenis from the Giovanni was one
of the stated reasons for the Pact, it's possible that she
joined mainly in obedience to a self-destructive im-
pulse. There are deep wounds in Drenis' psyche, a
fundamentally gentle nature long subjected to horrors
beyond its capacity, and soshé-sontétimes behaves ih
ways no one, including$he' herself, can féallyexplain,
Since Then: Whilé Drénis aecepts huifiatSaeri«
fice as a fact of life, so to speak, shefeels the Pact has
long since lost all usefulness¢But because of herhack.
ground as guardian of a Cappadocian chathel-pit, Cree
tapped her for similar duties at Hunedéara? ©nce
again, she dutifully tends v6 the dead férmostOfthe
year, her job consists of keeping the' Castle's many.
unruly ghosts from wreaking havoc. She's! gorten (to,

know many of them well)but she likes only a few, She)

also assists Cret in officiatingsthe Pact's tenewal:
Relations with Others: Drehis does participate in
castle intrigues. She and Abdalkuitha weté-originally.

theself-appointed diplomats; unfortunately, they founds

their efforts distinctly unappreciated. Not onlysdid
they fail to reconcile enemies, but they als6' made
enemies of their own, and finally theipsattempts_to
repair each other's blunders madethefh odious to.each
other. Drenis considers Danika#her <onfidante<"Thé
two of them have a fairly clos€ borid — they still bathe
together and then comb out each other's hair on

prise as Drenis does (in spite of all her sincere atone-
ments afterward). Frankly, it disturbs him. Drenis
hates Anastazi with a passion and regards Demetrius
with quiet bemusement.

‘OutsideAnfluence: Drenis has a pet campaign to
expose the treacherjof the Giovanni to the Camarilla
in such(Stark tetms that when the 50 hands of ven-
geance ar\Jast strike the necromancers, they won't be
able /to,calll in Catnarilla favors for help. She does this
"sl wakespeatearstyle, selécting appropriate ghosts to
\Smanifest to appropriate tatgets. Anything more active,
she‘feels, would tipher from the path to Golconda. She

requently makeS\se¢fet recompense to the fami-
sof Pact victims; Which has in the process gained her

\ som@'mortal contatts.
// The Deal: What Drenis asked for would hardly be
‘éonsideted a bargain-by' most. At her request, each

- night after, thegPact'sompletion she has a nightmare

whereity she expetiences everything the Pact's victim

\yrfinderweheor thénight of death, including whatever

lay waitityg intmediacelly beyond the Shroud. She be-
Liéyes this t6 beatonementin service to Golconda, and
taybe itis; but wherrshe awakes she's usually closer to
Frenzy, than at-any other time during the year.
Image:~A»fine-bonéd, dignified young woman

with blonde, curly hair (ofa shade slightly too brassy to

evenings when they're speaking to each other but

notan untroubled one. Drenis$ees Danika asstubborn
and often needlessly cruel. Danika doesn't understand
why Drenis continuesto labor slatishly for Cret when
they've all seen through himby now, Drenis has hever
quite understood Zamrator Mahtiel,\though she ad-
mires them both in an oddjwa),atd neither of them
even pretends to undefstand fers >.\.

Atthe time of the Patt, Drenis Wasneating.a sense
of kinship with hoth Pentyeret and Eshnunamash
(the latter of whomt Gy despises her on principile as.a
functionary of thePact). Pentwétet_is"an alluring,

hazard. Drenis tends*to"asstmesthat truth»should be ;

painful, and the Setite's method are Hothiihg.ifnot-
painful. She's been burned more than Oneé a
with his philosophical fire. For his part, Pentweret no
longer tries to illuminate her. As much as he talks
about accepting one's darkest desires, he's never seen
anyone succumb with such fundamental lack of sur-

be natural) arranged in exquisite ringlets around a
simple diadem.\She wears diaphanous dresses that
recall Greek and Rontamdtapiing, Her voice and move-
ments are.all quite conVin, feminine, and those
who haveno dlose pridr eXperiefi¢e with female imper-
sonators‘tend to be fooled completely. On the rare

rdccasions when she hasn't\hada chance to make

hetselfup, the'tight, shiny corpSe-pale skin that is her

\ claheritage is far more appatent (take two dots off her

normal Appearance).

Roleplaying Hints: When\"on the job," you're the
archetypal/Cappadocian, the eerily silent guardian of
the-mysti@:portal — you brook no disobedience, non-
sense-or tri¢kery-from your ghostly charges. Much of
the rest of the time, you listen and watch. Not until you
have some idea whatsort of person you're dealing with
do you begin-to'speak up, hesitantly at first, and then
with quiet passion»Despite (or because of) your role in
the Pact, you will not give up the quest for peace.

~, Self-Destruct Button; Drenis' existence is spent
Sef a icatéfulbalancing act between the secret belief that
not only the Caiftitezace, but even humanity, is evil
and doomed, and the desperate hope that she's wrong
about that. There could be several ways to tip this
balance. The most brutally effective route would prob-
ably be to violate her and thus bring her around full

La oF THE HIDDEN

66


circle; however, that would also be profoundly ill-
advised. Drenis herself would certainly resist with alla
Methuselah's power, and most of the Twelve would
quickly move to protect or revenge her as well. Such a
violating act might also carry severe repercussions for
the Morality of the perpetrator or instigator;
Nikanuuranu would take a definite interest. If Drenis
self-destructs, she's one of the most likely to decide to
perform a great act of "cleansing" as she goes by taking
as many as possible with her.

Sire: Asushunamir

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 7th

Embrace: Late 2nd century A.D.

Apparent Age: Late teens

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Diplomacy
3, Dodge 2, Empathy 5, Expression 5, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 5, Subterfuge 2, Intrigue 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts (Body Crafts) 3, Crafts
(Beauty) 4, Etiquette 4, Meditation 5, Melee 1, Perfor-
mance (Dance) 3, Performance (Song) 4, Stealth 1,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 5, Camarilla Lore 2, Clan
Knowledge (Cappadocian) 5, Clan Knowledge
(Giovanni) 3, Enigmas 4, Expert Knowledge (Ancient
Religion) 5, History 4, Investigation 3, Linguistics
(Thracian, Greek, Latin, Romanian, Turkish,
Babylonian, others as desired) 5, Medicine 2, Occult 6,
Politics 1, Psychology 2, Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 3, Dominate 2, Forti-
tude 2, Mortis (Grave's Decay) 6, Necromancy
(Sepulchre) 5, Obeah 1, Potence 2, Presence 2, Vicis-
situde 1

Other Mortis Paths: Corpse in the Monster 4, Cadav-
erous Animation 4

Other Necromancy Paths: Ash 4

Backgrounds: Contacts (Kindred and mortal) 3, Con-
tacts (Ghostly) 5, Retainers 3

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 8

Notes: Mortis isa Dark Ages: Vampire Discipline. If
the Storyteller doesn't have access to Dark Ages rules,
appropriate levels in various Necromancy Paths may
be assigned instead. Drenis can know virtually any
Mortis or Necromancy ritual desired, though Story-

tellers are encouraged to remember her Humanity
level and habitual usage of her clan Discipline when
assigning them. See the Appendix for a description of
Raise the Dead and Corpse Projection, Drenis' special
powers.

FOLLOWER OF SET

PeNTWERET, THE TesTeER FOUND WANTING

Childe of Isenkhebe, childe of Seterpenre,
childe of Set

Background: Pentweret, or Pentueris, was a mi-
nor functionary in the government of Egypt's Greek
rulers, the Ptolemies. The bureaucrat also possessed
the traditional education of an Egyptian priest-magi-
cian. Pentweret supplemented his income by selling
charms for love, luck, revenge and other simple de-
sires. An ambitious Follower of Set later decided that
Pentweret would make a useful agent in the Ptolemy
government, and blood bound him. Pentweret spent
the next 20 years spying on his supposed masters and
helping the Setites cover their tracks. Along the way,
he learned Setite philosophy and the rudiments of the
Serpents' ancient sorcery. In time and after many
lessons in the faith of Set, Pentweret earned the
Embrace himself. He gained much honor in his clan for
his fearless acceptance of every lesson taught by the
Dark God, as wellas his skill at sorcery and his diablerie
of several strong-blooded enemies.

After some centuries, though, Pentweret lost pa-
tience with his clan's layers of secrets, deceptions,
mysteries and initiations. The popular new Christian
religion didn't keep its plan for salvation a mystery;
why shouldn't the Setites come straight out and tell

Charmer Taree: MuvTPLz PersonaLmes

67


the world what wisdom it could gain from Set's tests of
fear, passion and self-knowledge? Why shouldn't ev-
eryone have the chance to learn, if they had the
courage to face the Dark God?

Pentweret tried to preach Set's message,openly.
Two months later, a mob burned his temple and
massacred his congregation. While hiding out,
Pentweret met Saulot. The Antediluvian sympathized
with the priest-magician's desire to enlighten the
masses, but suggested that people could not accept too
many new ideas too quickly — and that went double
for Cainites. Saulot explained that other vampires had
whipped up the mob: They feared Setite teachings and
thought Pentweret was angling for influence in theit
territories. Pentweret did his own investigations and
found that Saulot spoke the truth. Disgusted by the
petty jealousies that had ruined his dream, the Setite
decided to drop out of undead politics and seek
Golconda instead. He saw the doctrine's similarity to
his own clan's beliefs about liberation andsttanscen-
dence through self-knowledgé and confronting one's
darkest and most deeply ,hidden fears and desires.
Pentweret vowed that when he himself attained
Golconda, he would return to his clan and show its
hidebound ancients the true path to wisdom. And no
mysteries!

That quest occupied Pentweret for the next eight
centuries. The final step eluded him, and his anger at
Saulot's destruction taught him how far he had yet to
go to master his passions. Pentweret also found that
even his fellow Inconnu harbored suspicions because
of his old clan/ Nevertheless, some Inconnu and their
disciples adopted some Setite techniques for confront-
ing one's passions. Pentweret came to Hunedoara in
hopes that some of his fellow Inconnu could help him
arrange his own tests and ordeals. Thus he became one
of the Twelve, an act he regretted almost at once.

Getting into the Pact: The Setite immediately
figured out what the Pact would require. He agreed to
go along with the plan because he saw it asa test of the
others' moral strength. The demon's demand for anew
sacrifice to renew the Pact did not surprise him: He
recognized the demon as a god of sorts, and gods always
demand more sacrifices. Would his fellows conquer
their fears and let the Pact lapse? They did not... and
Pentweret did not want to damn himself and all the
rest.

Since Then: Pentweret soon pointed out the
moral failure of renewing the Pact. Everyone except
Cret and Hill admitted they were ashamed of them-
selves, but the Pact was still necessary. Year followed
year. Pentweret made himself thoroughly obnoxious

in his attempts to make the others confront their
hypocrisy and continue their spiritual quests. The
happiest night of his unlife came when Vanth asked
his help in reaching Golconda. The Setite swears that
Vanth began her Suspire... it wasn't his fault the
Nosferatu failed. The others bitterly reviled Pentweret
after the debacle-andsthe Setite decided to shut up.
Eventually, one of the Inconnu asked for his magical
help against arival. Another Cainite attacked him for
that aid and the Setite had to levy his own curses out
of self-defense. All the while, he grew more disgusted
with his fellow Inconnu.

Relations with Others: Pentweret goes through
the motions of rivalry and intrigue, but he does not
care anymore. He seldom even bothers to point out the
others' failings and betrayals of their old ideals. The
other{Inconnu may ask the Setite for help in their
schemes, but:they all dislike him. He and Abdalkutba
feel particular suspiciomfor each other.

Outside Influence: Although Pentweret can send
his magics around.the world, he seldom bothers to do
so. He sometimes assists other Inconnu in their plots
but Pentwerét:no longer cares much about the world.
He advocates staying out of Jyhads.

The Deal: The demon asked Pentweret what he
wanted as his personal benefit from the Pact. The
Setite told the Demon not to try that game with him.
The demon confessed that the Setite had bested it...
the only one of the Twelve to do so. Pentweret knows
what his fellow Inconnu receive from the demon —
and that he alone retains the strength and purity to
resist the demon's lure.

Image: Pentweret is a small, middle-aged man
with a shaved head. His skin remains dark despite two
millennia of undeath. He customarily dresses in a
simple robe of black linen. Pentweret carries the twist-
topped rod of an Egyptian priest and wears a variety of
small amulets, all tools for his sorcery.

Roleplaying Hints: Once you thought you could
keep your fellows on the path to Golconda despite the
horror of the Pact'and the sacrifices. Then you tried to
persuade them to quit the Pact, and failed again. Now
you have passed beyond anger and disgust to sheer
weariness. You want out of the castle, the Pact and the
Inconnu. Nothing would please you more than to see
the Twelve agree to end the Pact and go their separate
ways, but you cannot torture yourself with such hopes
any longer. Let the demon take them all, so long as you
escape. Perhaps these new arrivals can help you...
whether they want to or not. You hope you do not have
to sacrifice them, but what are a few more deaths?

La oF THE HIDDEN

68


Self-Destruct Button: Pentweret believes he can
face any test. Catching him in an act of moral coward-
ice would deeply shame him. It might make him
attempt something foolish and drastic to recover his
spiritual pride. He's also touchy about being thought a
"heretic" or "impure" for combining Setite teachings
with Saulot's, but that's old business among the Twelve.
After the debacle with Vanth, he also seeks a dramatic
success in imparting wisdom. Another drastic failure,
oran especially squalid new hypocrisy from another of
the Twelve, would plunge him into despair and con-
vince him that the Twelve all deserve to go to Hell.
Clan: Followers of Set
Sire: Isenkhebe
Nature: Pedagogue
Demeanor: Survivor
Generation: 6th
Embrace: about 180 B.C.

Apparent Age: late 40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 7, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 7, Wits 7
Talents: Alertness 5, Empathy 7, Expression 4, In-
timidation 5, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 7

Skills: Craft (Jeweler) 4, Craft (Sculptor) 3, Etiquette
5, Herbalism 4, Meditation 5, Melee 1, Performance 5,
Stealth 6

Knowledges: Academics 7, Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 6,
Finance 1, Investigation 5, Linguistics (numerous dead
languages, plus English and French) 5, Medicine 4,
Occult 7, Psychology 7, Setite Lore 5

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Fortitude 2, Obeah 2, Obfus-
cate 6, Presence 6, Serpentis 6, Thaumaturgy 7
Thaumaturgical Paths: Dry Nile 5, Mastery of the
Mortal Shell 5, Movement of the Mind 4, Ushabti 5,
Weather Control 4

Backgrounds: Retainers 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: Although Pentweret likely knows high-level
Obfuscate, Presence and Serpentis powers, we leave
them to the Storyteller's discretion. The
Thaumaturgical Path of Weather Control comes from
Guide to the Camarilla. The Dry Nile and Mastery of
the Mortal Shell Paths are found in Blood Magic:
Secrets of Thaumaturgy. The Path of Ushabti comes
from Blood Sacrifice: The Thaumaturgy Compan-
ion; it enables a magician to animate statues as servants.
These paths are all Setite Sorcery rather than Tremere

Thaumaturgy. Pentweret's path magic all requires the
use of small amulets. He wears these amulets at all
times. The Appendix describes two of Pentweret's
special rituals: Portrait Link and A Surfeit of Serpents,
as well as the common rituals of Greater Scrying,
Lesser and Greater Trigger and Servitor Sending.
Pentweret's four Retainers are a huge, uncannily intel-
ligent ghoul cobra and three animate statues of
crocodile-headed men. Pentweret made the statues
using the Ushabti Path.

Statues: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, no social
Attributes, Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3; soaks
lethal damage; health levels OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated, Destroyed; punch for Str damage, bite
for Str + 3 damage.

Ghoul Cobra: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5,
Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3; Alertness 3, Athletics 4,
Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Intimidate 5, Stealth 5; Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 2, Potence 2, Presence 2; bites for Str
damage, plus venom; health levels OK, -1, -2, -5,
Incapacitated, Dead.

The statues and cobra can endure one month after
Pentweret's Final Death. They use that month to
pursue avenging his destruction. The statues embark
ona mindless rampage of destruction, attacking any-
one they meet in the castle. The cobra pursues a more
directed vendetta of assassination. Several venomous
bites can turn a vampire's daily sleep into enduring
torpor. This gives the snake enough time to drag a
sleeping vampire out of its haven or use its Potence to
break a hole and let in sunlight.

LASOMBRA

ZAMRBA MATOuB, THE GADFLY

Childe of Nahir, childe of "Tersa", childe of Lasombra

Background: Gratiano, childe of the Lasombra
Antediluvian, annoyed his "nephew" Nahir. At a
meeting in Algiers, the Antediluvian's new favorite
blathered on about natural aristocracy and how the
clan should Embrace only from noble, knightly and
merchant prince families, like his own mortal family.
The other Lasombra present — all of high birth them-
selves—accepted the implicit flattery. Nahir, centuries
older than the rest, did not. He made a bet that within
amonth he could find a prince of the Damned among
the low and obscure of Algiers.

The elder found his prince in Zamra Matoub, a
young widow. Her innkeeper husband had died, leav-
ingher with three small children. Various male relatives
offered to take herasa junior wife and relieve her of the

Carrer Three; Muvmpte PersonaLmes

0


inn, but Zamra refused. Two of her would-be suitors
then tried to seize the inn through legal action, but
neither they, the qadis they bribed, or the bully-boys
sent to enforce their dictates could face up to the young

widow. Something in the way she spoke and the look
in her eye made them back down. Zamra ran the inn
and raised her children for several years. The sailors
and tradesmen who frequented her inn jokingly called
her Queen of Sheba, but they minded their manners in
her presence, even when. she belly-danced for their
entertainment.

Nahir did not ask Zamra if she wanted to join the
Damned. He spent an hour telling her the rudiments
of Cainite existence. After he Embraced Zamra, he
told her to devour herown children; his nascent prince
should not be burdened with mortal ties. Zamra smiled
demurely, said "Yes, my lord," and threw an oil lamp in
the elder's faces Nahir ran screaming into the night,
burning. Among the other Lasombra there was much
merriment at his expense.

The elder survived, though. A year later, Nahir
returned and found his childe already a power among
the city's Cainites. As he guessed, Zamra had a natural
aptitude for supernatural command, and she had a
lower generation than any other vampire in the city.
Zamra commanded and they had to obey. Fourteen
years later, the Cainités of Algiers acclaimed the
neonate as prince. Nahir tortured her for five hours as
punishment for burning him, and then complimented
her for winning his bet for him.

The innkeeper's widow claimed Algiers as her
domain for the next two centuries. The Anarch Revolt

brought Lasombra rebels to her city. First, they wanted
to recruit her. When she turned them down, the rebels
sought her potent vitae. Zamra outwitted and outfought
all her would-be assassins, but she grew weary of the
protracted struggle. When she heard of a hidden alli-
ance of elder vampires who renounced the politics of
the undead, she saw a way to protect her city.

Zamra also hoped the Inconnu could cure her of
frenzy, as rumor claimed. She loved her children and
more remote descendants, and kept them close to her,
but she had slain many of them in fits of undead rage.
Only one of her children yet lived as one of her ghouls.

Hersearch for the Inconnu led Zamra to Hunedoara
Castle, where she invited the assembled elders to make
Algiers their home in return for their protection. She
soon found, however, that the Inconnu could not
protect themselves when the Tremere laid siege to the
castle.

Getting into the Pact: The Lasombra did not want
to make the Pact. Hunedoara and the "Golconda
academy" meant nothing to her; she wanted to go
home and leave the Inconnu's battle behind her. Cret
changed her mind. Cret insists he used nothing but
logic: They lacked the resources to defend the castle
and help her past the Tremere, and she could not evade
the Warlocks herself. The Pact would only last a short
time. Zamra insists the Ventrue forced her will... the
only vamipireshe ever met, apart from her own sire,
with the generation afidsmental force to do so.

Since Then: As the yearsiof imprisonment turned
to decades, then centuries, Zamta established herself
as the gadfly of the group. The Inconnu's claims of age
and wisdom did not impress her, not when they had
agreed to sucha monumental blunder. She even dared
say the unthinkable — to mock Saulot and Golconda
itself. Hadvany of them achieved that blessed state?
No?Could they provethat anyother vampire had? Oh,
yes, Mokur was kind and good and surely, Rothriel had
been very brave, but they were still vampires. She
hadn'tseen transcendence. Or was Golconda a hoax,
the delusion of a mad)Aincient who yearned for for-
giveness?

Relations with Others: The others despise Zamra
as much as she despises them. Cret blames her, not the
yearly sacrifices, for their declining humanitas: They
fail to achieve Golconda because the unbeliever holds
them back. Nevertheless, some among the Inconnu
swallow their hatred long enough to ask her help. The
innkeeper's widow commands a unique resource: her
mortal descendants. Using a special Dominate power,
Zamra still guides her family from around the world
and keeps their bloodline pure. Most of the Twelve

Lair oF THe HippEN

10


need Zamra's help if they want mortal agents to work
their will. In return for the use of her family, Zamra
buys retributive curses on other members of the Twelve
and assistance a fellow prisoner can provide for her
family.

Outside Influence: Zamra commands more than
a hundred descendants, most of whom do not know
that she exists or that they serve her. The Pact does not
inhibit her ability to direct them. Zamra keeps two
grandsons at the castle as ghouls, and sends them out
every few decades to father great-grandchildren for
her. She needs such strategies, plus unions between
unwitting cousins, to retain her grip over her mortal
bloodline after eight centuries.

The innkeeper's widow has arranged the Embrace
of several descendants into both major sects and at
least six clans. This grants her at least a little "inside
information" into the Camarilla, Sabbat and whatever
clans suit the Storyteller's purpose. Her mortal descen-
dants also occupy a wide range of jobs in all strata of
society. Zamra's Research Trait reflects her ability to
find a descendant who can learn what she wants to
know.

The Deal: Zamra Matoub fears subjugation to
another person's will more than anything. The Demon
grants her immunity to Dementation, Dominate and
Presence. No one can overpower her will.

Image: Zamra Matoub's skin retains the darkness
of her Berber heritage despite her undeath. She has
long, straight black hair, black eyes, gracefully arched
brows and a no-nonsense set to her mouth. She stands
aslender five feet tall but seems larger even when you
look down on her. Zamra wears Berber garb with few
ornaments, and her confident bearing makes the plain
brown-cloth look stylish.

Roleplaying Hints: Never let the others forget for
one moment that they are all fools for trapping them-
selves... and for just about everything else they do, too.
Acidly point out the airy uselessness of their philoso-
phies, their attempts to meddle in the world or their
reasons not to meddle. Remind them that you did not
ask to be here and are not part of their deluded little
cult. Treat new arrivals with gracious hospitality as you
advise them to flee or stake themselves for the sun
before it's too late. Don't point out, though, that you
are as ready to enslave and exploit them as the rest of
the Twelve. At this stage, you would do nearly any-
thing to attack the others and make them suffer, and
you especially loathe Cret. Only the threat of the
Demon taking you keeps you from trying to murder the
others yourself. Even your family lost its value to you,
except as a resource with which to bargain.

Self-Destruct Button: Zamra can handle defeat,
but not humiliation. Independence and indomitable
will form the cornerstones of her self-identity. If some-
one forced her to beg, she would seek revenge at any
price, including self-destruction.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Nahir

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1182

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 5, Empathy 3, Haggling 4, Intimi-
dation 6, Leadership 6, Streetwise 2, Style 2, Subterfuge
4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 1, Performance 2, Profes-
sional (Innkeeper) 3

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 1, Clan Knowledge (sev-
eral) 1 each, Investigation 3, Linguistics (Arabic,
English, French, Italian, Latin, Romanian, Spanish,
Turkish) 4, Occult 3, Research 3, Sabbat Lore 1
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 7, Forti-
tude 3, Obtenebration 5, Potence 3, Quietus 2
Backgrounds: Herd 6, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 7

Notes: Zamra has a special Dominate ability that she
calls Dynastic Power. See the Appendix for its descrip-
tion.

MALHAVIAN

Demetrius OF ANTIOCH, THE GOLCONDITE

Childe of Pashedu of Thebes, childe of Panehesy,
childe of Malkav

Background: Demetrius the Greek had spent a
long, full and enjoyable mortal span traveling the
globe as a wandering scholar. His only regret, as he
admitted once after a particularly enjoyable debate
with a chance-met stranger, was that even at 62, he'd
still only scratched the surface. Life, he complained —
never expecting his companion to take him seriously
—was simply too short to learn all there was to know.

Pashedu of Thebes, an ancient childe of Malkav,
agreed and inflicted upon Demetrius the curse of
eternity.

Carrer Taree: Muvntr Personaumes

71

Once Demetrius got over the shock (and his
disappointment at being cut off from whatever won-
ders the daylight world still might hold) he took up his
quest for ultimate wisdom with new resolve. Over the
years, he tried many different approaches: the logic of
Aristotle, the mystery-cult of Mithras, even the simple,
passionate faith of the Christian martyrs — for any-
thing that led mortals to accept torture and death
rather than give it up must be of great worth indeed. He
followed them all, yet he still felt he was missing some
vital point.

And then he met Saulot. In the space of a few
hours, the angel of enlightenment laid all of the
wisdom of the ages at his feet. For the first time in his
entire existence, Demetrius felt complete, whole in
himself, even the need for blood fading from his soul.
The following evening, however, he rose to find him-
self alone. Saulot had gone, as mysteriously as he'd
come. And of the great truth the angel had shown him,
Demetrius could recall only a few phrases. But since he
now knew beyond a doubt that such truth did exist,
even fora creature such as he (since the unnaturalness
of his state was something he rarely admitted to), he
could not allow himself to despair. The truth would
come to him again some night even as he groped
blindly along the unmapped road.

Getting into the Pact: Demetrius is not the in-
triguer that others in the castle are. He naturally
assumed that Cret and the others were all as sincere as
any seeker of Golconda should be. Ifno one had agreed
with the Ventrue, he might have been more suspi-
cious, but everyone else seemed prepared to go along.

Surely it had all been meant for the best... he believes
this even now.

Since Then: Demetrius spends his present nights
in perfect bliss and serenity, of course. How could he
not? He has, after all, finally achieved Golconda. Less
than a decade after the Pact began, Saulot himself
came to Demetrius in a dream and personally guided
him through his Suspire. Unfortunately, few in the
castle seem willing to let him share his spiritual bounty;
some even tell him that he hallucinated the whole
thing. He'll continue to work on them patiently,
leading by example just as Mokur did. In the mean-
time, he reaches out into the world for those more
willing to listen, taking great comfort in the inspira-
tion his eager students provide.

Relations with Others: The others think
Demetrius is mad (which goes without saying), but
none of them have ever punctured his unfailing belief
in himself. Even so, his previous good humor fades now
far more swiftly than centuries before. If pushed, he'll
snap out verbally and stalk off to sulk, a fact the rest
make good use of whenever he becomes too annoying.

Demetrius feels most at ease with Eshmunamash,
Abdalkutba, Danika, Hill and Cret — though due to
their mutual antagonisms, he prefers to deal with them
one-on-one rather than asa group. He finds Pentweret's
arrogance more than his patience can bear and sees
almost nothing in Anastazi worth encouraging. He has
little in common with Bufo, Zamra or Drenis, but
treats them all well enough. His efforts to befriend
Zamra are especially notable, as he's the only one who
still tries. Demetrius doesn't hate any of his fellow
denizens. He forgives, and indeed outright forgets,
their insults quickly. He does, however, feel sorry for
them. After all, he succeeded where they couldn't.

The one exception to this is his sleeping angel,
Mahtiel. He will not forget a threat to her. His affec-
tion for Saulot's orphan is both reverential and paternal.
While he knows her for what she is, he also recognizes
her great sorrow and pain, and does all he can to ease
her rest. (Abdalkutba's occasional attempts to rouse
her have fortunately failed so far, and in such a way
that Demetrius couldn't quite determine what was
responsible.)

As for whether any of the Twelve believe in
Demetrius' "attainment": On any given night, some
will acknowledge it possible. Drenis feels him to be the
closest of anyone there. Eshmunamash doesn't usually
think it's Golconda, but in any case it certainly gives
Demetrius a peace the old Brujah envies. Cret assumes
that it can't be Golconda — because how can one be
mad and in Golconda? — but the old Lunatic does

Lair oF THE HippEN

2


seem to hold some valuable piece of the puzzle. If he
could just be made to explain it logically...

Outside Influence: Demetrius long ago gained
the rank of Master in the Ordo Aenigmatis, the mys-
terious, half-mythical order of Malkavian mystics.
Even from Hunedoara he's continued to teach his
willing juniors, always employing metaphor and riddles
to doso, rarely calling anything by its correct name. He
believes that words, especially names of people and
objects, can lose their power if over-used. Over time
his influence has spread somewhat beyond the Ordo,
and now he essentially conducts a Golconda cult by
correspondence. Through letters (and through judi-
cious use of his Malkavian gifts) he's created a persona,
the Master of Ravens, who reaches out from his solitary
hermitage to share the peace of Golconda. His pam-
phlet, Traveling the Unmapped Road, has been translated
intoseveral languages, often credited simply to"Anony
mous."

Unfortunately, something in Demetrius' soul is
less deluded than his mind. While theadvicehewgives
is usually sound enough, he can't bear seeing others
achieve what some part of him knows he hasn't« He
guides his students conscientiously, but if they appear
to be too close to achieving the goal, his own dis-
avowed bitterness induces him to lead them astray, all
without his ever realizing it.

The Deal: Nikanuuranu reinforcés, Demetrius'
delusion of Golconda, and has all ‘but Suppressed
Demetrius' Beast. While the old Malkayian can lose
his temper or have fits of pique, he neyer shows even
theslightest hint of frenzy. Demetriusalsolabors under
the delusion that he doesn't feed (he does; he just
doesn't remember it afterward, and usually neither
does his vessel), but that's'éntirely his own doing.

Image: A kindly, affable, stooped old man.
Demetrius has white hair that falls in tangled curls to
his shoulders, a scruffy white beard, deep brown eyes,
and a continually bemused expression. He wears the
same style of long, short-sleeved tunic and mantle he
wore during his life, and straps his knobby feet into
sandals year round. Around his neck he wears a silver
pendant bearing the three eyes of the Salubri clan, a
gift Mahtiel gave him years ago. An inscription on the
back, in Greek, reads, "For the one who sees most
clearly when blind." Demetrius uses a staff to walk, as
the Embrace did nothing for his arthritis, and he won't
let Danika touch his old knees.

Roleplaying Hints: Be insufferably cryptic. Use
creative riddles and metaphors to illustrate your points,
and just smile knowingly if nobody understands you—
obviously, they aren't as ready as they think. Never

refer to anyone directly by name, lest you inadvert-
ently cause them harm. Even the nicknames you
devise for people must be changed periodically, or else
they will begin to bear the weight of reality. Perform
little kindnesses for guests and treat them with utmost
sympathy. If they rebuff you, go off to meditate until
your irritation fades and approach them again just as
gently later.

Self-Destruct Button: Demetrius steadfastly be-
lieves himself to be an honest man and a true teacher
of Golconda. Should he ever realize the truth he hides
from, his shame and remorse will likely drive him truly
mad, and into thejaws of theBeast.

Sire: Pashedu of Thebes

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Guru

Generation: 6th

Embrace: Circa 320 B.C.

Apparent Age: late 60s

Physical: Strength'6, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 7, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 7, Wits 6
Talents: Alertness 6, Brawl 2) Diplomacy 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 7, Expression 7, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 6
Skills: Crafts (Scribe) 5, Etiquette 3, Meditation 7,
Melee 2, Performance (Acting) 4, Ride 2, Stealth 1,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 6, Clan Knowledge
(Malkavian)4, Clan Knowledge (Salubri) 2, Cryptog-
taphy 3, Enigmas 6, Expert Knowledge (Theology) 4,
Finance 1, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguistics (Greek,
Latin, Romanian, Arabic, Hebrew, Enochian — or so
he thinks —and others as needed) 7, Occult 3, Politics
1, Research 4, Science 2

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 5, Celerity 2,
Dementation 7, Dominate 3, Fortitude 7, Obfuscate 6,
Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Retainers 2
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 8

Willpower: 8

Notes: Like Eshmunamash, Demetrius is short on
Traits going strictly by the Children of the Night
system. Up to 26 Ability dots and 7 Discipline dots
could be added before he would be considered "over-
powered" under that system.

See the Appendix for a description of Enigmatic Text
and Psychic Double, Demetrius' special powers.

uarrer Taree: Muvntt PersonaLmes

B


NOSFERATU

Buro, THe TOAD

Lineage unknown

Background: Ulrich was born early and sickly, the
son of a Saxon merchant of Hermanstadt who never
forgave him for surviving when his mother did not.
When his father married again, Ulrich's stepmother
quickly saw how things stood and suggested that the
boy be given to the Church, thus removing the chief
rival for her own children's inheritance. An@Soat,the
age of nine, Ulrich found himself shut away inanabbey
for life. Granted, there was something to be said for a
roof over one's head, food to eat and clothing, however
plain, to wear. Still, as the youngest and weakest of the
novices, Ulrich was the designated drudge, last to be
servedat table, first to serve in slaking hisfellows' lustss
When he grew older and stronger, he passed on the
lessons he'd learned to those who came after/=for,
above all else, a future monk should know humility.

Ulrich was unpopular among his brethren, and so.
the post of almoner was all he could aspiteto, handing
out the monks' leftover food to the beggars at the gate
and dispensing the abbey's charity among the deserv-
ing poor. Yet the job had its privileges. Many a peasant
girl was eager to demonstrate just how deserving she
was, and for far less coin than one would expect. Being
the son of a merchant and thrifty, Ulrich kept the rest,
hiding it in a hollow tree just outof sight of the abbey
gates.

But one night, as he returned late to his cache with
the day's surplus, he was followed, beaten and robbed
by one of those very peasant girlsand her accomplice.
He threatened to have her hung as.a thief.She turned
to her companion and said simply, "Do with him what
you will," and left them together in the dark. When the
creature took off its concealing hood, Ulrich was too
startled at first to scream — and afterwards, he never
had a chance.

His sire dropped him down a well and left him
there; terror and the agonies of the change drove him
half mad before he managed to claw his way up and out.
He slaughtered a cow and its calf, then fled deeper into
the woods, leaving the bloody rags of his habit behind.
Brother Ulrich was never seen again.

Many years passed. The Nosferatu became a feral,
cunning killer who preyed on anything he could catch,
from wild animals and livestock to careless peasants
and lost children. The Tremere heard of him and
hunted him for three months before snaring him in an
ensorcelled net. The regent called him Bufo, "the
toad," the first words of Latin the former monk had

heard in over a hundred years. It was as close toa name
as he could remember, and he took it as his own.

Bufo was still a Tremere prisoner in Hunedoara's
dungeons when Danika reclaimed her stronghold.
They'd already tormented him considerably with "ex-
periments" and various preparations for sending him
to the gargoyle-works at Ceoris. It might have been
kinder to kill the wretched creature, but Danika
couldn't. Instead she gave him her blood, spoke to him
gently, fed him and tended his hurts. When the bond
was complete and madness had faded from his eyes and
aura, she released him, keeping him bound with an
ensorcelled collarand iron chain until she felt he could
bestrusted.

While Danika's bond assured Bufo's loyalty and
relative dbedience, and even seemed to restore him to
some degree of sanityjjindidn't grant him speech or
memory of his human past. For many years afterward,
heremainedher thrall in much the same manneras the
monstrous Sclav, feeding from castle vermin or local
livestock, acting as Danika's watchdog and hound.

Getting into the Pact: When the Pact was first
enacted, none of the participants considered Bufo part
of itany more than the Sclav. Although his presence
in, the castle that night brought him under its protec-
tion, his blood was not given to Nikanuuranu, so he
could come and go as he willed, or as his mistress
commanded him.

But when Vanth entered Wassail, Bufo alone had
the skills and instincts to hunt her down; and in any
ease only Bufo could do so without breaking the Pact.
Badly injured in his first skirmish with her, he finally,
with the others' aid, managed to diablerize the wight.
In so doing he took not only her soul and her power,
but also her portion of the Pact, into himself. Realizing
too late the price of his actions, Bufo's first words in
over two centuries were scathing indeed — and in
flawless Latin.

Since Then: Ulrich is back, and dear God, he
doesn't like it one little bit. He was quite content to be
his mistress' vaguely man-shaped hound, a creature
without past, future or personality. Why was it neces-
sary to take even that away? Of course, the answer to
that is obvious. The Twelve acted according to their
own needs. Well, Bufo is certainly going to act accord-
ing to his own needs. He pretends still to possess only
half a mind, so that his beloved mistress requires
nothing more of him than to perform the occasional
task suitable to his station and to show up each year for
the Pact. Unfortunately, he still must contend with
the strange echoes from Vanth's defeated soul.

Lair oF THe HippeN

4


Relations with Others: The rest of the Twelve
don't think they have a relationship with Bufo, but
they're quite wrong. Over time he's learned to imper-
sonate many of the castle's inhabitants, Kindred and
mortal, with hardly a slipup. Sometimes he plies this
skill blatantly enough that they learn of it afterward
(incidentally providing a convenient excuse to misbe-
having vampires: "It must have been Bufo playing a
prank."). But many far subtler deceptions have gone
completely undetected —except by Abdalkutba, who's
far too curious to give away the game. So disguised,
Bufo can assuage some of his longing for contact. He
certainly can't see any point in this Golconda thing
they're always going on about (for all the good it does
them!), but it beats sitting in the vault all night,
listening to water drip and thinking.

As himself, he's treated by most of the Twelve as
a regrettably ne y part of the castle furniture.
Confused by the continuing blood bond, he can't quite
decide whether he adores Danika for her kindness or
hates her for luring him into the Pact —and indeed for
saving him from the Tremere in the first place. Anastazi
seems to think Bufo really is a dog, or equivalent to
such, and alternately pets and cuffs him, but when
Bufo's disguised, he can enjoy Anast: company.
Anastazi is more down to earth than most in the castle.
Drenis is a bit frightened of Bufo — she remembers
how savagely he hunted Vanth — but pities him as
well. Demetrius actually attempts to converse with
him sometimes; Bufo stonewalls, obstinately playing
the Toad, but fears he isn't fooling the Malkavian
anymore. Hill, too, seems occasionally suspicious of an
actual thought process lurking within the loathsome
creature.

Outside Influence: Almost none to speak of.
While it's easy for Bufo to disguise himself as a servant,
or one of the Twelve, and thus influence someone to
act on his behalf, he has little use for that at present.

The Deal: Nikanuuranu grants Bufo voyeuristic
peeks into the dreams, desires and visions of his fellows
in the Twelve. Bufo has become addicted to these
glimpses; they're the collective soap opera he avidly
follows. They provide admirable distraction from his
miseries. They also help his disguises.

Image: The regent named Bufo well. He does look
remarkably toad-like, with huge eyes and webbed
hands and feet bearing claws at the tips. He can climb
any wall of the castle, inside or out, with just fingers
and toes. He goes about damp most nights, as he sleeps
deep within one of the castle's half-flooded cellars. He
wears no clothes, but portions of him, particularly his
warty back, are encrusted with moss.

Zz
Gs

\

Roleplaying Hints: It really isn't a lot of fun being
Bufo, but no one else needs to know this besides you
and perhaps Nikanuuranu, who knows everything
anyway. You get quite enough pity as it is. As the Toad,
you're slavish, cringing, sulking and yet exceptionally
fierce on command, speaking only in half-witted
snatches of guttural Latin and German. As Ulrich,
you're a vibrating mass of fears, hates, envies and
longings. Neither state is at all pleasant, which is why
you spend so much of your time pretending to be
someone else completely or watching the Hunedoara
equivalent of reality TV. If someone actually finds
some reason to seek you out in your lair and try to talk
to you, you'll probably react with dangerous terror,
dangerous hope or both.

Self-Destruct Button: Danika holds the real key
to destroying Bufo — the blood bond, which she
continues to reinforce — but she'd have to have
excellent reason to use it, since rescuing and caring for
him is one of the few good deeds she can still cling to.
Since he's not a Golconda-seeker, and has absorbed
the soul of a Kindred in Wassail, Bufo's Beast is easier
to provoke than most of the others'. He could be
induced to self-destruct through repeated hunger or
fear frenzies.

Sire: Unknown

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Monster

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1406

Apparent Age: Indeterminate

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6

Cuarrer Taree; Muvmptr PersonaLmes

1


Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 6, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Expression 1, Intimidation 3, Search 1,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 2, Performance (Act-
ing) 5, Stealth 6, Survival 4

Knowledges: Academics 2, Expert Knowledge (The-
ology) 1, Investigation 2, Linguistics (German,
Romanian, Latin, and snatches of a few other lan-
guages commonly spoken by the other Eleven) 3
Disciplines: Animalism 6, Celerity 2, Dominate 1,
Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 6, Potence 5

Backgrounds: Are you kidding?

Virtues: Conviction 2, Instinct 4, Courage 3
Morality: Road of the Beast 3

Willpower: 6

Notes: See the Appendix for a description of Beast
Walk, Bufo's special power. Bufo is on the Dark Ages
Road of the Beast, which roughly corresponds to the
Path of the Feral Heart in modern terms; in any case,
he's never worked very hard at it.

SALUBRI

MaAHTIEL, THE SLEEPER

Childe of Ezrael, childe of Samiel, childe of
Saulot

Background: Mahtiel's earliest memories are of
war: endless lines of marching legions, burning vil-
lages, reeking mass graves. The soldiers took her and
thousands of her people back to Rome in chains and
put them to work filling the bellies of their conquerors.

The life ofa field slave was hard, but the girl who would
one day be Mahtiel was angry, and her anger gave her
strength. One day, however, she lost control of both.
A brutal overseer lay dead, and she was sentenced to
die as well in the arena. It amused the master of the
games to put a sword in her hand and dress her like a
legendary Amazon. Of course he never expected her to
survive her first bout. When she won two matches in
a row, he saw a chance for further profit, and he
arranged to have her trained.

But a gladiator's life expectancy was even shorter
thanafieldslave's, and an infected wound laid Mahtiel
low. She doesn't remember the bargain the healer
made with her master, but she awoke in a moving
wagon, no longer feverish. Cool, gentle fingers tended
her wounds and gave her water to drink. The man
introduced himself as Ezrael and told her she was free.
Then he offered her even more, a cause to spend her
freedom upon and an eternity to do it in. She accepted
and began her true education. After a time Ezrael
Embraced her; some years after, she gained her Blood-
ing as a Salubri warrior, taking the angelic name
Mahtiel.

It was during her mortal training that she first met
the warrior known as Rothriel, a childe of Ezrael's. He
was tall and well-favored, and moved with a cat's grace
—and unlike Master Ezrael, he laughed. She saw him
again after her Embrace, and then yet again after her
Blooding. Each time the mere sight of him was almost
enough to start her heart beating again.

As it turned out, he felt drawn to her as well. It was
no coincidence that the frequency of his visits to his
sire had increased after meeting her. For a little while
they searched their souls as to whether Saulot's com-
mand "not to Embrace love" applied to those already
of the Blood, and eventually they concluded that it
didn't. They became lovers and gave themselves up to
a mutual blood bond. For centuries after, they were
inseparable, traveling and fighting together as if each
of their souls was but half of a whole, now at last united.

But nothing endures forever. Saulot's death at
Tremere's fangs sent ripples of shock and dismay
through his scattered childer. The warriors debated
among themselves whether they should join forces in
a crusade against their father's murderers, as they'd
done against the Baali ages before. In the end, the bulk
of the caste determined to do nothing, as Saulot had
always explicitly counseled against revenge. A small
faction of warriors, however, declared they would not
let Saulot's murder go unanswered. They took the
names of fallen angels and turned their back on the rest
of the clan.

LA oF THE HIDDEN

16


Mahtiel's sympathies lay with the rebels. Only her
love for Rothriel restrained her from joining them, for
Rothriel would have none of their crusade. But now
Rothriel spoke of giving up the sword and seeking the
peace of Golconda. At first she thought it idle talk, for
he'd sometimes spoken this way before when he was
weary, but his weariness would pass and he was content
to be a warrior again. However, it soon became clear
that this time, for this veteran of a millennium's
battles, it was no passing fancy. She begged him not to
do it, for her sake. He tried to convince her to take the
seeker's path as well. Neither was persuaded. Angry
and broken-hearted, Mahtielestormedeouteofetheir
shared haven and rode off iqito the night. When she
returned a month later, Rothriel was gone.

Mahtiel wandered in blind pain; the fact that she
was not taken by the Tremere during,this time wasdue
solely to good fortune. The Usurpets, now not only
hunted the Salubri but alsospread vile liés aboutthem.
Twice Mahtiel had to fight for her unlife after a once?
hospitable domain turned on her. She gave thewarlocks
no quarter herself, and let no opportunity go by to kill
those who destroyed her brothers.

Then late one night, asshe lay down to rest before
the dawn, she heard Rothriel's call. His voice thrummed.

in their shared blood, in their lineage, insher heart. He)

was calling for help. She agonizedybut in the énd, the
desire to see him again was stronger than ever. The
following evening, she saddled hemhorse, packedjher
armor and weapons, and rode off in the@itéétion of his
call.

Before she even arrived She knew it was too late.
She felt Rothriel's Final Death, from a hundred miles
away, the blood bond violently uprooted from her soul.
But onward she rode, until she®arrived at Castle
Hunedoara, met the Lady Danika RuthVén, and learned
of Rothriel's last nights. There were no Treméféileft for
her to slay, no one upon whom she could avenge he
lover's murder. Lady Danika made her welcome, but
she could find no rest. She searched the castle until she
found Rothriel's ashes, gathered them up, and rode
away.

Getting into the Pact: Mahtiel returned to her
sire's holding, but it had become a desolate ruin. She
then searched, in disguise, for three years before she
found another of her caste, who had little to say to her.
Ofthe healer caste she found no trace atall. Butshe did
find a Greek Malkavian who helped her fend off a
Tremere attack and then eagerly joined her in her
quest. Twice his visions warned them of danger just in
time and so, in a moment of weariness, Mahtiel let
Demetrius the mystic choose their next road. Some-

howshe was notsurprised tosee the towers of Hunedoara
rise up before them at that road's end. Lady Danika
welcomed them both. This time, Mahtiel was only too
glad to accept sanctuary. Much to everyone's surprise,
she went along with the Pact after strong initial objec-
tions. Some suspect Nikanuuranu offered hersomething
in exchange, but they have no idea what.

Since Then: Mahtiel is the sleeper of Hunedoara.
She spends almost all her time in torpor, rising only to
re-affirm the Pact. While she sleeps, Demetrius, who
regards her as a holy angel awaiting the end of the
world, guards her; and Bufo, whose intentions are less
‘Honorable spies on hen! Mahtiel sometimes grows
restless in her dreams, and her spirit walks the halls of
the castle, searching for het lover until her wanderings
bring her to the plaee wh@re he met his Final Death.
Thén she falls to her ghostly knees and weeps. She may

"respond to othér presences nearby with extreme vio-

lenge, blaming them for the death of her beloved.
While in this form, she can use Disciplines such as
Valeren but cannot physically touch or be touched. If
she senses sufficient ee however, she may physi-
cally awaken.

Demetrius tries to feed her during the year, drib-
bling blood into her mouth, but can'talways successfully
gauge whenishe's close enough to consciousness to
swallow. i

Relations with' When: Mahtiel still values the
advice fof, Demetriu$ and appreciates his solicitude,
even thoughshe realizes that it borders uncomfortably

| on worship. She has little use for Anastazi, however,
"and even less for Zamra/In truth, she has little rela-

tionship with anyone ahymore, due to the amount of
time she spends in tofpor.

Outside Influence: Mahtiel is physically bound to
the castle asth€ others are. However, her spirit can and
does,goWalking beyond the walls, but she won't do so
Unless there is some link between herself and an
outsider; she might, for instance, follow another Salubri
or someone who has a fragment of her lover's journal,
or answer a spirit-summons from someone who con-
jures her by name. It's possible that someone
(particularly a Malkavian) who becomes familiar with
Demetrius' teachings might be affected by his use of
the Tongue of Babel, and dream of her, thus providing
a beacon for her wandering spirit to find. Whether the
recipient of such a vision would consider it real, or
another bout of extended dementia, of course, is up to
the player. Distance makes no difference to her wan-
dering spirit. If there's a link for her to follow, she can
walk down it just as though it were another castle
corridor.

Carrer Turée: Mutmipte PersonaLmes

11


Mahtiel hasadeep and abiding hatred for Tremere,
but is respectful of the Lady Danika's domain and will
abide by her wishes (with regards to Tremere charac-
ters, for instance).

The Deal: What Mahtiel asked of Nikanuuranu,
and what it granted, was to have her Rothriel back
again. She spends her nights dreaming of her happy
times with him. By this point, every waking moment
spent in the real world, where he is irrevocably dead,
is an agony to her much-attenuated soul.

Image: Mahtiel is slightly over average height for
a woman, lean and muscular. Her honey-brown hair is
cropped short about her shoulders, and her face betrays
adeep, inner loneliness. When awake, she wears men's
clothing: leggings, a tunic and a quilted gambeson
from a time past. She also has full armor in her room
should she need it. She often wears a blessed sword
given to her by her sire. Unless using her powers of
Valeren, her third eye is little more than an odd scar on
her forehead.

Roleplaying Hints: Mahtiel has fought all her life
for one thing or another, but Rothriel's death sapped
much of her fire, and Nikanuuranu's narcotic dreams
have hollowed her once-indomitable spirit toashadow
of its former strength. Even when walking in the flesh
she behaves like a ghost: sad, near-silent and half
aware at best.

Self-Destruct Button: Mahtiel blames herself for
Rothriel's death as much as she blames the Tremere. If
only she'd come sooner, or rode faster, or arranged to
travel by day as well as by night... but if she ever learns
of Anastazi's guilt in this matter, she will gladly trans-
ferall herrage, shame and self-hatred onto him instead.
Nothing will stand between her and revenge — not
even the Pact. (His dream "visits" to her over the past
few centuries won't exactly help his case either, if she
should discover that truth as well.)

Sire: Ezrael

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 3rd century A.D.

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 5, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 6
Talents: Alertness 7, Athletics 5, Brawl 6, Dodge 5,
Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership
4, Search 3, Subterfuge 2, Torture 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 4, Crafts (Farmer) 1,
Crafts (Blacksmith) 2, Etiquette 1, Hunting 5, Medi-
tation 3, Melee 6, Ride 5, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 3, Camarilla Lore 2, Clan
Knowledge (Salubri) 4, Clan Knowledge (Tremere) 3,
Enigmas 2, Expert Knowledge (Tactics) 4, History 4,
Investigation 4, Linguistics (Latin, Greek, Romanian,
Harappan, Hebrew, others as desired) 4, Medicine 1,
Occult 1

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 6, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 6, Obfuscate 4, Potence 6, Presence 5, Valeren 6
Backgrounds: None

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Road of Kings 6

Willpower: 5

Notes: In her spirit-form, Mahtiel is vulnerable to
certain kinds of binding spells. Necromancy will not
affect her because she's not actually a ghost, but
sufficiently powerful Spirit Thaumaturgy may (as the
Storyteller decides). Any such effect will be tempo-
rary, as Mahtiel will call upon Nikanuuranu for aid if
trapped past dawn (Hunedoara time), and since
Nikanuuranu is bound to protect her, it will respond
immediately and sever the bonds holding her.

The Road of Kings has no exact modern equivalent,
but her branch of it is a chivalric philosophy similar in
overall outlook to the Path of Honorable Accord.
See the Appendix for a description of Dream Combat
and Psychic Double, Mahtiel's advanced Discipline

powers.

TZIMISCE

DANIKA RuTHVEN, MISTRESS OF
HuNepoaRa

Childe of Damek, childe of Ruthven, childe of
[Tzimisce]

Background: Danika remembers the city of
Sarmizegetusa, capital of Dacia, before the Romans
came. She remembers the majesty of its great king
Decebalus. Above all she remembers the night when,
at age 14, her family betrothed her to their patron, the
undead voivode Damek Ruthven. He lay with her; she
submitted to his cold caresses and the painful pleasure
of his Kiss, and rejoiced when he left again. Then her
grooming began. Tutors instructed the mortal girl in
languages and literature, in intrigue and politics, and
in the duties of a childe-wife to her sire-husband.
During this time, Damek visited her only once a year.
She schooled her mind and tongue to loyalty, but
couldn't completely control her young heart. Fortu-
nately the handsome guardsman Arnek was sent away

Lair oF THE HIDDEN

8


before he could steal more than a single kiss' worth of
her virginity.

At long last the appointed time arrived. She was
taken to Lord Ruthven's own stronghold and given her
first taste of his blood. By the wedding night, she was
bound, and could think of nothing else save Damek
and the great honor she was to enjoy. When she
emerged from the earth of her ritual burial, it was
young Arnek whose life's blood made her first meal —
a lesson in the price of betrayal.

It was a lesson she never forgot.

Centuries passed. Danika studied Metamorphosist
philosophy, but far preferred the arts of the koldun. She
soon surpassed even her sire in her ability to summon
spirits and manipulate the elements, something she
took care not to leton. She ruled her own domain now,
in service to Damek, who was usually absent. Mean-
while, he (never one for mortal proprieties) began the
process of choosing and training a new bride. Danika
soon learned she was neither the first nor the last of
these, but she would in time prove the most successful.
Although she doesn't claim credit for engineering
Damek's Final Death at the hands of his Tzimisce
enemies, she quickly offered her fealty to the victors,
thus retaining the holdings she'd been given, includ-
ing Hunedoara. And by the time the German Ventrue
invaded the Land Beyond the Forest, she had both a
sizable brood and a vast store of koldunic learning, and
was able to hold her own against them as well.

Then Danika grew restless. The old gods were
defeated and banished; nor could she accept the new
God, for He reportedly would never accept her. Yet she
knew there had to be something worth rising for
besides feeding and stargazing, so she decided to seek
new wisdom elsewhere. Before she departed on her
quest, she Embraced herseneschal, aclever man named
Anastazi, to oversee Hunedoara with the aid of his
broodmates in neighboring domains.

Danika traveled from one end of Europe to the
other; she listened to many who claimed to dispense
wisdom, even to mortals. She found nothing of use,
however, until she encountered a Cainite of the an-
cient Salubri Blood, the warrior-philosopher Rothriel.
He passed on to her the beginnings of what he himself
had learned long ago from Saulot and Saulot's childe
Mokur.

Atlastshe invited Rothriel toreturn to Hunedoara
with her and take sanctuary from the pursuing Tremere,
butas it turned out, the Tremere had managed to seize

the castle away from Anastazi, the sole survivor of her
brood. She recruited both her hapless childe and

Nitze:

Pe

f

Rothriel to the cause of reclaiming her home. In the
ensuing battle, Hunedoara was won but the Salubri's
unlife lost, a consequence she regrets to this night.

For years afterward, Danika ruled her domain once
again, fighting off the incursions of Tremere and
welcoming any fellow seeker of the path to Golconda.
Still following in Rothriel's footsteps, she tracked
down the mysterious Mokur and his closest disciples in
order to offer them permanent refuge. She also gave
shelter to any Salubri who reached her borders —
including Mahtiel, Rothriel's old lover, who soon
arrived wounded and heart-sore at the castle gate,
leaning on the arms of the Greek Malkavian Demetrius
and the Cappadocian priestess Drenis. A true Tzimisce,
she envisioned bringing her beloved domain to a new
glory as the world's chief bastion and school of
Golconda.

(For more detailed account of this latter part of
Danika's history, see Chapter One.)

Getting into the Pact: Danika hardly liked the
sound of the Pact; she was, after all, a koldun and knew
how tricky spirit-negotiations could be. But at the time
it was proposed, she both grieved the loss of another
Salubri under her protection — the ancient Mokur, no
less—and faced the possible loss of everything she still
held dear. Her companions on the road to Golconda,
the society they had formed, her ancient home, even
her very unlife were threatened all at once by the siege.
In retrospect, she realizes that she allowed her own
fears to sway her to Cret's sophistry, but this does not
make her despise him any less.

Cuarrer Tree; Muvmur PersonaLmes

19


Since Then: With the accumulating centuries,
Danika has grown less and less interested in anything
more than the most critical maintenance to the castle.
The stones show the passing of time, crumbling under
the alternating assault of the seasons. A number of
roofing tiles are loose or missing, and dead leaves and
debris clutter the courtyards. The land itself continues
to give her power but not pleasure; she can no longer
venture out to survey the larger part of what was once
her own, feel its earth under her feet and speak with its
venerable trees. And she now bitterly regrets the
welcome she originally extended, in all but a very few
cases.

Yet Danika remains determined todo her.dutyas
a proper Tzimisce hostess. She scrupulously provides
for the many needs of her guests. She also continues to
plan and oversee periodic group dinners and gather=
ings, making every effort tosee thatfolkare entertained
in some small way despite thedistinet lack of bonho-
mie. For Danika, each night's purpose is to endure to
the next with something like dignity; she asks little
more of herself anymore.

Relations with Others: Danika still enjoys some
camaraderie with /Drenis, though that closeness has
had its ups and downs. She also gets along fairly well
with Demetrius, being one of those who change the
subject instead of challenging him when his rambling
becomes tiresome. Cret, however, she challenges con-
stantly. She won't be intellectually browbeaten by
him. If she can't win the argument she'll start needling
him on personal subjects. Of course if he would just
once admit he made a mistake, she wouldn't feel so
compelled to puncture his ego. She saves mostof her
genuine ire, however, for‘Zamra. The gadfly made
herself obnoxious to Danika long before she alienated
everyone else, by coming to offerthe Twelve sanctuary
in Algiers — as though something were wrong with
beautiful Hunedoara!

Bufo and Anastazi at least remain under Danika's
sway. Bufo is distasteful, but usually obedient, and still
merits her compassion. Anastazi, however, has been a
disappointment since the very beginning, and she
doesn't hesitate to pour scorn on him when she's
feeling upset. Yet the rest of the time she relies on his
assistance with the castle and its provisioning. Protect-
ing Mahtiel has become as much burden as honor, but
Mahtiel is still all Danika has left of Rothriel and the
Salubri. As for the rest of the Twelve, Danika's atti-
tudes toward them shift from month to month. Some
nights she finds their company better than tolerable
and some nights they drive her mad.

Most of the Twelve remain outwardly deferential
to Danika for Tradition's sake, but the centuries have
taken their toll even on such sacred precepts as the
etiquette of host and guest. Occasionally discussions
over provisions become heated and someone, tired of
interminable dependency, lashes out at the hand that
feeds.

Outside Influence: In the course of her work as
hostess, Danika has developed a network of mortal and
Kindred contacts who supply mortal servants, blood,
craftsmen, tools and supplies for the upkeep of
Hunedoara. Such folk rarely guess the truth about
their employer.

AS World communications improve, Danika's pro-
curers must grow.ever more sophisticated and clever.
Fortunately, many places in the world still teem with
the poor and homeless, and the disappearance of one,
two, Or a dozen attracts neither notice nor investiga-
tion. Some of her agents are, Sabbat nomad packs,
willing to tradea few juicebags in exchange for vials of
heady elder blood. She also deals with ambitious young
neonates and ancillae in the Camarilla and a number
of mortal criminal syndicates and cabals. Her agents
help fugitives "disappear" and desperate refugees find
sanctuary; as promised, none are ever found again by
their pursuers. Not all recruits are destined for the
fangs of the Twelve, however. Danika draws castle
servants, feeding slaves, and future sacrifices from the
same pool of candidates.

The Deal: Even with her koldunic arts, Danika
can no longer defend the length and breadth of her old
domain as she once did now that she's trapped in the
castle. At herrequest, Nikanuuranu uses every trick in
its repertoire to prevent other Kindred from claiming
domain in Danika's old territory, which roughly corre-
sponds to modern county Hunedoara. (Should this
prove inconyenient for a particular chronicle, the
Storyteller may change the size of her domain or
modify the Deal as necessary. That is, Kindred may
move into the area if Danika tacitly approves of them,
etc.)

Image: Danika is tall, lean, and proud. While she
behaves most generously to guests, her carriage and
bearing are unapologetically imperious. She makes no
effort to disguise her accent or her age. She dresses in
gowns of simple cut but exquisite fabric, recalling the
early Renaissance: rust-browns, earth-greens, dove-
grays, often with yards of slightly tattered lace or
beading. These fine garments don't do much to soften
her severely regal face or her arch expressions.

Roleplaying Hints: You're rarely outright rude,
but you rarely have anything nice to say either, and

La oF THe HipDeN

80


when your patience is finally expended you can be a
real cast-iron bitch. The castle servants have learned
to sense your mood; the worse it is, the more quietly
they speak and tread, hoping the brunt of your cruelty
will fall elsewhere. Do not hesitate to ply your leverage
as hostess to the utmost, and if someone truly irritates
you, plague them with spirits. The quest for Goleonda
was once your only reason for rising. Now it's duty that
keeps you going. In a way, you're grateful. You realize
that some here don't even have that much to cling to.
Self-Destruct Button: Danika has already en-
dured one horrible betrayal from her companions —
the Pact itself — but at least that betrayal was under-
taken to protect her domain and the guests within it,
not to destroy them. If one of the Twelve should betray
her again in such a way as to hurt her domain or her
other guests, then that could well send her over the
edge and into a rage.
Sire: Damek Ruthven
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Autocrat
Generation: 6th
Embrace: Ist century A.D.
Apparent Age: early 20s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 7
Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 7, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Diplomacy 4, Empathy 3, Expression 5, Haggling 3,
Intimidation 6, Intrigue 6, Leadership 7, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Crafts (Body Crafts) 5, Crafts
(Textiles) 3, Etiquette 5, Hunting 3, Meditation 4,
Melee 2, Ride 2
Knowledges: Academics 6, Camarilla Lore 2, Clan
Knowledge (Salubri) 3, Clan Knowledge (Tremere) 3,
Clan Knowledge (Tzimisce) 5, Enigmas 4, Finance 3,
Investigation 2, Linguistics (Romanian, Dacian, Latin,
Greek, English, French, others as desired) 6, Occult 5,
Politics 6, Sabbat Lore 1
Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 4, Dominate
Fortitude 1, Mortis (Grave's Decay) 1, Presence
Koldunic Sorcery (Earth Ways) 6, Vicissitude 7
Other Koldunic Paths: Fire 2, Spirit 6, Water 4, Wind
3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 6, Herd 5, Resources
3, Retainers 5
Virtues:

25
I,

Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 6
Willpower: 9

Notes: Danika knows a great many koldunic rituals,
and socan possess more or less whatever the Storyteller
desires in that regard (up to her Discipline limit). See
the Appendix for descriptions of Danika's advanced
koldunic powers — Drowning in Earth, Greater
Scrying, Greater Trigger, Servitor Sending and Storm-
Hound.

ANASTAZI, THE ETERNAL CHILDE

Childe of Danika, childe of Damek, childe of
Ruthven, childe of [Tzimisce]

Background: Anastazi was at one time Danika's
mortal seneschal, whose responsibilities included over-
seeing Hunedoara Castle and maintaining contact
with his counterparts on her scattered estates. Ambi-
tious and clever, he was no slouch at seeing to his own
He knew exactly
how much bullying he could get away with and how far

creature comforts as well as his dutie

he could push the bounds of his mistress' instructions.
That he hoped one night to earn the honor of the
Embrace was no secret. Still, when Danika announced
that he had a week to get his personal affairs in order,
he was taken aback by the suddenness of it. But he did
as she required and was duly granted the power of the
dead water.

Then his lady announced she was leaving — going
on some kind of silly spiritual quest, it sounded like to
him, but in the meantime, she was counting on him to
"take care of things" for her while she was gone.
Unfortunately, he was now the youngest of three
ambitious childer, which meant he also was the weak-
est of three ambitious childer. Equally unfortunately,
Anastazi lacked the political experience to handle this
situation adeptly. Not long after Danika left her do-

harver Tree: Mutmipte PersonaLmes

8


main, he had to flee for his unlife from his own blood-
siblings, who had this absurd notion that they had the
right to order him around, and that they were more
than willing to lock him up and torment him until he
agreed.

Then, to make matters worse, Danika returned in
the company of a fierce-eyed warrior and pressed
Anastazi into service once again — this time to help
her retake Hunedoara Castle from the Tremere who
had defeated his siblings who had defeated him. Trying
to point out the logical error in recruiting one like
himself for the enterprise made scant impression on his
sire. Just as he knew it would, his courage failed at a
critical moment in the battle; unbeknownStto Danikay
who was occupied elsewhere, that failuréiled directly
to Rothriel's death. Luckily, no Gnestill walking:the
night knows Anastazi's perfidyyastate of affairs he'd do
nearly anything to preserve.

Getting into the Pact: Ainastazi had very little
choice about entering the'Pact. Eleven vamipires all
older and stronger than he was seemed to think it
necessary, and one ofithem was his regnant and sire. If
they couldn't think of any better way to survive the
siege, what chance did he stand? And at the time, the
survival of the informal Golconda school was impor-
tant to him because it was important to his queen, his
star. But he's since found a worthier home for his
affections, fully removed from the slavery of blood...

Since Then: With centuries of practice under his
belt, Anastazi is mow a schemer of the first order; but
dwelling in a castle with far too many elders and being
bound to a sire he now hates has done nothing to.
improve his inferiority complex. Hissituation remains
remarkably (depressingly)slike it was when he was
mortal. So long as he performs his duties and stays
reasonably within bounds, he has tacit permission to
see to his own pleasures as he likesjof which he takes
full advantage.

He's also become the castle's resident fix-it man
and token technology buff. He owns a gas generator,
which he uses to power his quarters' electric lights. He
hasn't acquired a computer because they still intimi-
date him, but he has a number of cheap electronic
handheld games from the 80's and early 90's littering
one of his tables and a portable stereo with a small CD
collection, as well as myriad other gadgets that were
cutting-edge at the time he bought them: a Victrola, a
tin music-box bank, an electric typewriter, a portable
vibrator from the 1918 Sears & Roebuck catalog (for
home treatment of ladies' "hysteria"— an "Aid That
Every Woman Appreciates"), etc.

Relations with Others: The Inconnu among the
Twelve don't understand how Anastazi can have
dwelled here for so many years and never evinced the
smallest particle of interest in Golconda... but he
hasn't. Most have concluded that his is simply a
shallow, venal soul. Others, notably the charitable
Demetrius, put it down to youth. They all consider him
aservant who is to be paid in the coin he honors. They
treat him politely — especially when they must request
favors of Nikanuuranu, who uses Anastazi as its favor-
ite mouthpiece and go-between — but with a subtle
hint of disapproval that is not at all lost on the
Tzimisce.

Danika outright despises Anastazi and has ever
sinceé'she firspreturned to Hunedoara. He hates her in
return. They usually manage to conjure enough civil-
ity to get things done for the castle, but when they do
lay into each other everyone else quickly retreats to
chambers — not so much from fear or courtesy as to
avoid feeling,contaminated by.the sorry spectacle as
their insultsreach lowerand lower. Zamra would never
under ordinary circumstances associate with a man
like Anastazi, but oecasionally she grows tired of being
pariah and seeks himvout for a game of chess or some
such activity. Mahtiel enjoys the dubious honor of
being the love of'Anastazi's unlife. Orat least she does
when she's safely asleep; during the rare times that
she's up, he can barely disguise his terror of her. He
tried, once, two centuries ago, to come to Drenis'
chamber and "surprise" her as she lay in bed reading.
Her reaction nearly broke the Pact. Abdalkutba's
many hobbies intrigue*A nastazi greatly, and the vizier
converses with him amiably enough.

Outside Influence: While Danika is in ultimate
chargeof procurementand provisioning, she delegates
some of the night-t6-night work to Anastazi, and as a
result he now has a number of mortal contacts that he
can use towork his subtle will, largely in Europe and
Améfica. So far he hasn't pursued many high ambi-
tions using these tools; he mostly uses them foracquiring
objects and people of particular interest to him and
exacting petty revenge against whomever of the Twelve
has most recently offended him.

The Deal: Anastazi has asked Nikanuuranu to
give him Mahtiel's heart. This isn't precisely within
Nikanuuranu's power, but it has done its best. It
projects Anastazi's awareness into Mahtiel's more erotic
dreams of Rothriel and assists him in taking on enough
semblance of her long-dead paramour to play the part.
The entirely justified fear of what Mahtiel would do if
she ever found out his little secrets haunts him, but he
can't help himself. In all honesty, however, he should

Lair oF THE HipDen

8


be just as afraid of the possible response of Bufo, who
has often shed a tear of romantic sympathy as he
watched what he assumed to be an authentic dream-
tryst between the ancient lovers.

Image: A less than perfect specimen when Em-
braced (that is, middle-aged and slightly paunchy),
Anastazi has since used his powers of Vicissitude to
remold himself into his idea of a paragon of masculine
beauty — rather akin to Michelangelo's David. Be-
tween that and his use of Presence, he's enough to
cause a Toreador to gape. He retains his original
complexion, wavy medium-brown hair and hazel eyes,
and dresses beautifully to match, often in Romanian
folk costume or Western suits of old-fashioned cut.
Unfortunately, his fellows in the castle seem immune
to his charms.

Roleplaying Hints: A sensualist to your Ruthven
soul, you prefer your bed soft, your music canned, and
your vessels compliant, submissive and sometimes
even drugged; nor do you make any effort to pretend to
more dignified tastes. Just smirk at anyone who takes
offense at this, particularly among these unfortunate
new arrivals. You pamper yourself, you say, because no
one else around here is going to do it for you. You move
and speak with hard-studied aristocratic grace upon
first meeting new guests, but easily relax into your
usual roistering self once the vitae is flowing.

Self-Destruct Button: For all his indulgences and
adornment, Anastazi is consumed with self-loathing.
Rather than try to compete with those he secretly fears
to be his moral betters, he spends his existence in an
unspoken protest against the ascetic contemplation
they revere. But if someone of skill were to start luring
him further along — whether a manipulative Setite or
a Sabbat "Albigensian" engaged in a well-meaning
conversion effort — he would quickly degenerate into
complete bestiality. He hasn't the spiritual where-
withal or the steadfast self-confidence to actually follow
a Path of Enlightenment, and trying to do so would
surely lead to his doom. Alternatively, exposing his
role in Rothriel's death or his secret intrusions on
Mahtiel might lead Danika, Mahtiel, Demetrius, Bufo,
or indeed any number of Cainites in the castle to want
to murder him.

Sire: Danika

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 6th

Embrace: Circa 1460

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Diplomacy 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Haggling 2, Intimidation 3,
Intrigue 5, Leadership 3, Scrounging 2, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Performance (Acting)
3, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Academics 2, Clan Knowledge
(Tzimisce) 2, Expert (Technology) 3, Finance 3, Lin-
guistics (Romanian, Latin, German) 2, Science 1,
Seneschal

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Koldunic Sorcery (Earth) 5,
Potence 1, Presence 2, Vicissitude 4

Other Koldunic Paths: Spirit 5, Water 1, Wind 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 6, Herd 4, Retainers
5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

Notes: Danika has taught Anastazi a number of the
koldunic rituals she knows, though probably not as
many as she would have if they got along better. He is
unlikely to know any ritual that she doesn't (though he
would certainly welcome the opportunity to learn).
See the Appendix for a description of Lesser Trigger,
Anastazi's advanced koldunic ritual.

VENTRUE

Cret, THE BitTeER-ENDER

Childe of Mithras, childe of Ventrue

Background: In life Cret was known as Cretheus,
a scholar from the Greek city of Corinth. Like many
savants of his age, he toured Egypt and the Persian
Empire in search of the knowledge. After nine years
studying arithmetic, geometry, astrology, medicine,
law and other arcane arts, Cretheus learned of a
competition held in the city of Ecbatana. A Persian
vassal offered a great prize to the sage who could best
all others in cleverness and argument. After a month
trading conundrums, Cretheus won the competition.
Then he learned the contest's true sponsor and pur-
pose. The elder vampire who would later take the
name of Mithras Embraced the Greek Sophist, blood
bound him and made him his vizier.

Cretheus served Mithras for the next 600 years. He
learned all the esoteric lore that the soldierly Ventrue
thought he might need, but that bored him. That
included blood magic. Cretheus learned the ancient
style of Thaumaturgy called Dur-An-Ki, "Master of

Charter Tyree: Muvtite Personaumes

83


Heaven and Earth." The sophist also stayed abreast of
Greek philosophy and adapted its ideas to magical use
as well. When his sire decided to exploit the nascent
religion of Mithraism, Cretheus supplied the arcane
mysteries and magical power to back up the
Methuselah's instinct for drama and ritual. For a few
centuries, Mithraism became one of the more popular
religions in the Roman Empire.

As the Roman Empire declined, Mithras wearied
and decided to slumber off the weight of a few centu-
ries. He directed his vizier to manage the cult and wake
him when the next empire rose. Cretheus left his
master sleeping in the frontier province of Britain and
returned east.

Withinacentury, Cretheusfailed at his first charge.
While Cretheus himself spent a decade in torpor, the
Emperor Constantine adopted Christianity and made
it the official religion of the Roman Empire. Mithraism
rapidly declined after that. Cretheus didn't care much;
he preferred his magical research and personal quest
The occult philosophy of the time
taught that a magician could attain a mystic union
with the divine through trances and magic rituals.

‘etheus had grown weary of fighting the Beast cen-
tury after century. He wanted to cast off his Beast and
ascend into Heaven. None of his magical experiments

for transcendence

worked... but he learned of an ancient vampire who
had traveled to the farthest East and returned with the
secret of transcending the curse of undeath. After nine
years of search, Cretheus found Saulot and became one
iples. As for Mithras? After
meeting Saulot, Cretheus' blood oath to his sire faded

of his most ardent d

like mist. Mithras could sleep until Gehenna for all
Cretheus cared.

Cretheus dutifully wrote down every maxim and
parable that dropped from Saulot's lips and studied

them for hidden meanings. He devised spiritual exer-
cises for himself. He also talked with Saulot's other
disciples and traded progress reports on their search for
Saulot's mysterious transcendence. Cretheus — now
called Cret by younger Cainites who didn't know older
languages and proper pronunciations — attracted dis-
ciples of his own, whom he taught as best he could. He
had not found Golconda himself, but he knew he was
on the right track, and he could share what Saulot
himself had said. Cret vowed to carry on Saulot's great
work after his destruction by Tremere. He knew that
his master saw the future; Saulot must have known
what would happen and chosen it for some reason.
Surely, he had already provided what his disciples
needed to know.

When Cret found Mokur, he realized that the far-
traveled Methuselah was the next best thing to Saulot
himself. The Ventrue set out to record Mokur's own
parables and teachings as well as what the Salubri
remembered of his sire. Cret supplied the organiz
tional skill to attract students and manage a group. He
quickly built a network of contacts that spanned Eu-
rope, spreading the message of Golconda. Cret's own
analytical epistles attracted disciples by explaining
why a Cainite would benefit from this ill-defined,

al state. His proselytizing and efforts to protect
Saulot's descendants and disciples from the Tremere
led him to Danika and Rothriel, then Pentweret,
Eshmunamash and other Inconnu. When the countess
offered her castle as a home for the academy, Cret felt
the breath of destiny upon him — and when the
Assamite sage Abdalkutha proclaimed the Twelve the
world's best hope against Gehenna, Cret vowed to
fulfill that destiny.

Getting into the Pact: Cret did not fear the
Tremere attacks upon Hunedoara until Mokur's de-
struction. Until that night, the Ventrue felt sure that
the Twelve's magic surpassed anything the Usurpers
could muster. Saulot once told him, though, that he
needed faith as well as reason. Cret had faith in the
Twelve and in the prophecies of Abdalkutba. He knew
of Powers that surpassed any magic of the Blood. Cret
applied all his skills to persuade the other elders to join
in his desperate plan. He did not tell everyone what the
plan required. How did one death compare to saving
the world? One of Cret's own servants even volun-
teered to become the victim. And so Cret, Master of

La oF THe Hioben

&


Heaven and Earth, drew the circles and spoke the
words that opened the gates of Hell.

Since Then: Cret tried to keep himself above the
cliques and rivalries of the other Inconnu. That lasted
about a week. He continues his spiritual exercises but
they do not preserve his Humanity any longer. Cret
occasionally works on an ever-expanding commen-
tary on the Analects of Saulotand Analects of Mokur, but
spends a great deal of time devising intricate justifica-
tions for his own opinions and refutations of everyone
else's. His chief activity, however, consists of hunting
the Antediluvians and their Methuselah agents through
his Thaumaturgy. Cret cares little about uncovering
the lesser minions of the Ancients; he hopes to destroy
the Ancients themselves through masterstrokes of
Thaumaturgy and mortal dupes. It bothers him to no
end that he cannot locate his own sire: His divinations
say both that Mithras does not exist but was never
destroyed.

Relations with Others: Cret and Hillarearchrivals.
Hill tries to outdo or undercut his sire; Cret tries to
prove that he remains the master. He deeply dislikes
Zamra and Pentweret, who lose no opportunity to
challenge his pretensions of infallibility. The Ventrue
merely irritates most of the others, and they irritate
him by refusing his guidance. He offers unfailing couit-
tesy to the countess as their hostess, but they often'butt
heads beneath polite phrases. Cret and Abdalkutba
share a desire for ultimate knowledge, however, and
often work together.

Outside Influence: Cret employs a variety of
rituals to view people and places fromiafar. For simplic-
ity, Storytellers can assume that Cret can use his
Disciplines and Path powers on anyone, anywhere in
the world. He also summonSa wide variety of elemen-
tal minions such as dryads (tree spirits), naiads (ocean
spirits) and other nature-spirits from Greek myth, as
well as the plague-spirits, ghuls and jinn of Middle
Eastern legend. He'seldom employs mortal minions.

Cret retains contact with a tiny cult of Ventrue
Mithraists. They feed him information about Cainite
affairs and new developments in Thaumaturgy. In
return, Cret occasionally casts high-level rituals on
their behalf. His other Contacts are all spirits.

The Ventrue feeds only upon persons of high
intelligence and learning. His vessels must have a
rating of 3 or higher in their Intelligence, and have one
Knowledge at least. The Twelve's procurer finds him
impoverished graduate students. They extend his
knowledge base; Cret often talks to them before or
after feeding. Thanks to Cret's Presence, his four
Retainers think he's wonderful, the greatest intellect

in the world. Cret also troubles the procurer to find
him reference books on a wide variety of liberal arts
and sciences.

The Deal: Cret wants absolute knowledge — to
see God and speak to him face to face. The demon
could not provide that, so Cret settled for knowledge
of other secret and divine matters. Thanks to the
Demon's lore about spirits, angles and demons, Cret
researches rituals in half the time that any other
thaumaturge requires. (See Blood Magic: Secrets of
Thaumaturgy or Blood Sacrifice: The Thaumaturgy
Companion for rulés aboutes€arching rituals.) Cret
does not enjoy relaying his requests through Anastazi
Ruthven.

Image: Cret stands 5'6" tall. He has a narrow face
with a sharp chin but full lips. Gret wears his dark,
straight hair pulled back, though a few locks tend to
come loose-and fall forward: He updates his clothing
about once a century. Currently he wears black suits
with white dress shirts and gold cufflinks. If it weren't
for his shoulder-length hair, he'd look like a natty
1930s boulevardier.

Roleplaying Hints: Never, ever admit you are
wrong. No matter what argument or evidence anyone
else presents, dispute it, even if you have to question
the nature of logic itself. Saulot warned you that your
greatest challenge would be overcoming your own
cleverness, but he's not here and you have to keep the
Pact going. The others are breaking; you need to keep
them in line. If you give an inch, the pact fails and the
demon takes you all.

Self-Destruct Button: Cret's great weakness lies
in his intellectual pride. He can rationalize away
mistakes (though he loathes admitting even that). If
someone made him look willfully blind and stupid, and
rubbed his nose in it, he'd explode... especially if the
mockery came from someone he knew was far inferior
to him in intellect.

A subtler crisis-point waits in Cret's Mithraic
ascension-to-god mysticism. His faith holds that magic
can lead initiates to the Godhead, where even a
vampire might find salvation. Absolute proof that he
is Damned, that he can never see God face to face,
would crush him into despair. His desire to see God can
also draw him into injudicious spiritual experiments
— such as evoking a fallen angel.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Mithras
Nature: Competitor
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 5th

Cuarter Tyree: Muvmpte Personaumes

85


Embrace: circa 430 B.C.

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 8

Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 7, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 8, Wits 7
Talents: Alertness 6, Diplomacy 4, Empathy 4, Ex-
pression 6, Intimidation 8, Intrigue 6, Leadership 8,
Subterfuge 7

Skills: Crafts (Draftsman) 4, Etiquette 4, Meditation
6, Melee 2, Performance 4

Knowledges: Academics 7, Cryptography 5, Enigmas
7, Expert (Comparative Religion) 4, Investigation 6,
Linguistics (many, including English, Classical Greek
and Latin) 5, Medicine 2, Occult 8, Research 5,
Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 7, Fortitude 6, Pres-
ence 5, Quietus 2, Thaumaturgy 8

Thaumaturgical Paths: Evil Eye 5, Lure of Flames 4,
Elemental Mastery 5, Path of Blood 3, Spirit Manipu-
lation 5, Thaumaturgical Countermagic 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 6, Retainers 4

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 3

Willpower: 8

Notes: Although Cret knows two high-level Domi-
nate powers, we leave them for Storytellers to select
from other supplements or invent for themselves.
Thaumaturgy supplies Cret's greatest power. The Paths
of Elemental Mastery, Spirit Manipulation and
Thaumaturgical Countermagic appear in Guide to the
Camarilla. The Evil Eye Path comes from Blood Sac-
rifice: The Thaumaturgy Companion. It enables
Cret to impose several sorts of bad luck on his enemies,
from social embarrassment to physical harm. Cret also
knows a host of rituals to do nearly anything he wants.
He knows the curse-rituals of Soul Disjunction, Pla-
tonic Split and Whips of the Erinyes, with Triggers
upon them if he wants, and interacts with the outside
world using Greater Scrying and Servitor Sending. See
the Appendix for these rituals.

HiL_, WARRIOR IN SEARCH OFA WAR

Childe of Cretheus, childe of Mithras, childe of
Ventrue

Background: At the turn of the 4th century A.D.,
Cret decided he needed an aide to take over his duties
at his Mithraist temple, so he could spend more time
on magical research. Cret found his assistant in an
Ostrogothic soldier called Hilderic, who had joined a
legion (nothing unusual for barbarians) and risen to
centurion. As soldiers do, his men abbreviated his

outland name to Hill. More importantly, Hilderic was
the youngest man ever to reach the rank of Father, the
highest level of Mithraist initiation. Hill's drive and
intelligence impressed Cret, and the soldier's situation
as a barbarian proving himself to an empire reminded
the sorcerer of his own mortal youth. Hill served as
Cret's ghoul for a few decades until the sorcerer Em-
braced him.

After the Mithraic religion collapsed, Cret didn't
need an aide anymore so he made the soldier his
apprentice in sorcery. They went east so Cret could try
learning new developments in Dur-An-Ki. Cret and

an Assamite sorcerer traded apprentices for more than

a decade. Over the centuries, the Ventrue ancilla
would make many journeys east to study under Assamite
masters; Hill even helped invent the final power in the
Path called Awakening the Steel, before the Crusades
made partnerships between Eastern Assamites and
Western Ventrue socially awkward.

Hill and his sire gradually drifted apart, especially
after Cret became Saulot's disciple. The Inconnu
seemed too passive to the soldier, and the Antedilu-
vian threat too remote. Instead, Hill spent 200 years
trying to reverse the Dark Ages, with no success
whatsoever. He watched the First Crusade and its
hideous massacres sickened even his hardened soul.
Hill decided maybe the Inconnu had a point about
leaving the world to its own devices. Cret welcomed
him back. Hill did not conclusively renounce the
world, though. He did his best to rescue the Salubri
from the Tremere's murderous purge, and struck back
more than once himself. Hill knew these actions kept
him from Golconda, but the soldier decided that

Lar oF THe HippeN

8


protecting Saulot's legacy mattered more than his own
redemption.

Getting Into the Pact: When the Tremere laid
siege to Hunedoara Castle, Hill wanted the elders to
fight. He wanted to give the Usurpers a thrashing they
would never forget — but the Council of Seven and
their Gargoyle legions proved too powerful for the
Twelve. Cret proposed the Pact as a strategic retreat
and a refuge from which to counterattack. Hill went
into the Pact with his eyes open and helped persuade
the others Inconnu to accept it.

Since Then: Hill tried to stay loyal to his sire. He
defended Cret's choice for a century and a half. In the
end, though, he tired of his sire's sophistry. He became
one of the most enthusiastic intriguers of the Twelve,
always to weaken and oppose his sire. Hill also contin-
ued his long-distance harassment of the Tremere and
the search for Antediluvian influence.

Relations with Others: Cret and Hill are now
bitter enemies, pilingup centuries of insults and grudges.
The devotion wrought by Hill's blood bond to Cret
only makes the sting of mutual hatred all the more
sharp. Hill joins any faction that opposes Cret. Every-
thing else is secondary. Mahtiel disgusts him, though,

because she gave up the fight.

Outside Influence: Like his sire, Hill uses*his
Thaumaturgy to spy on the world and manipulate
events. Unlike Cret, the younger Ventrué employs
mortal minions whom he guides through dream-
sendings and equips with talismans. None of these
"Retainers" know the true nature of their patron. Hill
enjoys plotting campaigns to déstroy prominent
Tremere or other Kindred whombhe believes serve the
Antediluvians (knowingly of not).

The Deal: More thananything else, Hill wants to
equal his sire. The demon enables him to do this, in
part. Once every 50 years, the demon passes one of
Cret's rituals to Hill. Thanks to the demon's help, Hill
can also summon any spirit known to Cret, except for
entities as powerful as the demon itself.

Image: Hill stands 5'9" tall and has an athletic
build, with just a hint of paunch. His short-cut red hair
turns gray at his temples, and his Embrace caught him
inan early stage of male pattern baldness. Since his sire
tries to keep up with mortal fashion, Hill chooses
anachronistic dress, from the uniform of a Renaissance
landsknecht to barbaric skins and furs (which he never
actually wore in life).

Roleplaying Hints: You are a soldier with no one
to fight except your fellow prisoners, and no mission
except to keep them as miserable as you are. Well,

there's the Tremere. Your spirit-minions and sendings
harass the clan that made itself your enemy... when
Cret doesn't interfere, and when you can find the time
between sabotaging Cret and protecting yourself from
your fellow Inconnu. Anyone who wants to spite Cret
finds you an eager accomplice. (How could he trap you
all like this? How could he be so wrong? You thought
he was the greatest Cainite in the world!)

Hill can feed on any mortal... but only after the
mortal engages in a fight, or at least a vigorous sparring
match. The Twelve's procurer finds athletic servants
for the castle and Hilbtrains them to guard the castle
as well as perform domestic duties.

Self-Destruct Button: Hill remains sensitive about
beinga "barbarian" among Romans, Greeks, Egyptians
and other "civilized" people, but that's no longer a
point of actual rage — more of snide contempt for
anyone who brings itup. His Kindred-Oedipal fixation
on Cretiprovides his chief weak point, though one that
mighthelp them both under the right circumstances:
Hillswants to outdo Cret and see him fail, but Hill
cannot imagine his sire ever giving up. Seeing Cret
¢erushed would deeply shock him. Whether this results
in complete, bitter contempt and hatred or reconcili-
ation between them would depend on circumstances.
On the other hand, Cret has never utterly humiliated
his childe. Doing so would drive Hill to frenzy. Hill
despises quitters and calling him one could provoke his
temper.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Cret

Nature: Soldier

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 6th

Embrace: about 340 A.D.

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 6
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation 5, Leadership
5, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Archery 2, Etiquette 4, Medita-
tion 4, Melee 6, Performance 4, Ride 3, Stealth 3,
Survival 5

Knowledges: Academics 6, Camarilla Lore 3, Enigmas
4, Expert (Military) 3, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguis-
tics (numerous, including English and German) 4,
Medicine 1, Occult 6, Politics 3

Charmer Tree: Muvnput PersonaLmes

87


Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Domi-
nate 5, Fortitude 6, Presence 6, Thaumaturgy 6
Thaumaturgical Paths: Awakening of the Steel 5,
Elemental Mastery 4, Lure of Flames 3, Spirit Manipu-
lation 4

Backgrounds: Herd 2, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 7

Notes: Hill has one high-level Presence power. We
leave it for Storytellers to define for themselves.

The Path of Awakening of the Steel is found in
Clanbook: Assamite. In brief, it enables a variety of
magical feats of swordplay: Sensing who else used a
blade; immunity to disarming; destroying armor; de-
flecting bullets and other missiles; and, bypassing all
supernatural defenses, at cost of losing all supernatural
enhancements on the attack and damage.

Hill can also send his magics around the world, though
his rituals lack Cret's power. He knows the curse-
rituals of Soul Disjunction and Platonic Split, with
Triggers upon them, and interacts with the outside
world using Greater Scrying and Servitor Sending. See

the Appendix for these rituals. Hill knows most of the
rituals that Cret knows, up to Level Six; he knows only
a few Level Seven rituals.

MINIONS

Many people serve one of the Twelve without
knowing it, or at least knowing exactly who — or what
— they serve. We encourage Storytellers to create
their own minions for the Twelve, based on the brief
descriptions in this book and the needs of their
chronicle. For extra fun, examine the characters you've
already introduced to your chronicle and retroactively
make one of them a servant or dupe of an Inconnu.
Your players will think you planned it that way from
the beginning!

As an example, we present the ghoul Dobos, who
plays an important role in one of the sample plots for
bringing characters to Hunedoara. Storytellers can
also use Dobos in any other story they use to draw
characters to the castle. You can also change which of
the Twelve he serves, if that better suits your chronicle.

We also provide Traits for the seraph, a spirit of
flame that Cret and Hill often use to attack their
undead enemies. You can use the seraph as a model for
designing other spirit servitors. The wraiths described
on pp. 282-3 of Vampire: The Masquerade provide
other models: Just give the spirit dots in whatever

Disciplines or Thaumaturgy paths seem appropriate.
For instance, a weather-spirit would possess the path of
Weather Control, while adjinn could certainly use the
path of Conjuration (both found in Guide to the
Camarilla). However, spirits do not need a blood pool
or any other sort of Trait to fuel their supernatural
powers. Also give every spirit at least three levels of
Fortitude to reflect that they are not really made of
flesh and blood, or even of earthly matter.

Markku Dosos

Background: Marku Dobos grew up in the town
of Hunedoara. Like any smart, energetic and ambitious
boy in Romania, he sought a career in government. He
went to college, joined the Communist Party and
denounced a few people to the secret police. In return,
he received a clerk's position in Bucharest.

After three years with no promotions, though,
Dobos realized that Bucharest was wrong for him. The
city held too many other young men with the same
ambitions. Instead, he applied for a position back in
Hunedoara. Dobos became a junior assistant to the
political officer of one of Hunedoara's foundries. He
earned several promotions over the next decade. He
used his new privileges to acquire a bit more money
than his salary provided, and found himself a bit more
popular with the town's prostitutes.

Anastazi Ruthven wanted an agent in the local
government — a low-ranking but hard-working offi-
cial. Dobos suited his needs. One morning, the
bureaucrat found a handwritten note slid under his
apartment door. The note said he had come to the
attention ofa powerful man. Ifhe wanted to learn more
and receive achance to advance himself, in two night's
time he must go to a certain old farmhouse at the edge
of town... and show no fear.

The bureaucrat went to the farmhouse. He stood
his ground, while a dog — no, a wolf — trotted up to
him. It carried a small cask with a note attached. The
note said, "Drink, and in my service you will know
power beyond imagination."

Dobos almost fled then, as his grandmother's tales
flitted through his mind. Then he reminded himself
that a dutiful Communist did not believe in the Devil
or other such fairy-tales. Dobos did believe in power,
though. He forced himself to drink the cold blood
within the cask. As soon as he stopped gagging, he felt
strong, energized, powerful. He bowed deeply to the
wolf and promised to serve it or its master well. The
prostitutes of Hunedoara fared well that night as Dobos
celebrated his new position. He didn't know what that
position was, but he expected great things.

LAR OF THE HIDDEN

8

Dobos enjoyed his next 10 years. Bats and owls
brought him messages and carried his replies to his
unseen, unnamed master. Later they arranged to use
walkie-talkies and Dobos heard a voice, but still never
heard a name. Once a month Dobos walked into the
woods to meet a wolf, a bear or some other beast and
receive another cask of blood to drink. His master
asked for little besides information and the occasional
purchase — a shortwave radio, a fine Swiss camera
(with night-vision attachments), a pistol and the like.
Dobos became an important man in Hunedoara and
known to higher officials. If anyone wondered at his
superiors' tendency toward illness or sudden urges to
retire, they said nothing. As Dobos rose in rank, he
found it easier to detour government funds to the bank
accounts he set up for his master and himself.

The end of Communism did not mean the end of
Dobos' career — but a few years later, his nameless
master told him to quit his job. He had more important
work. Dobos loyally obeyed his new commands. He
traveled through Europe and America, looking for the
undead. Only then did he learn that he was called a
"ghoul," though he had already suspected that he
served a vampire.

Dobos enjoys his life. He loves his master, even
though he has never seen his face or learned his name.
He understands that no one can force him to tell what
he does not know. His work gives him pride. He does
not know why it matters so much, but his master would
not set him to any unimportant task. He sees more of
the world than he ever dreamed. Other countries are
strange and wonderful, though the prostitutes are
comfortingly the same everywhere. Every month, how-
ever, his heart lifts as he returns to Hunedoara and his
next communion with his unknown god.

Image: Dobos looks like a pale man of slightly less
than middle height, with the start of a paunch. He
wears his straight black hair slicked over his bald spot
and wears dark gray suits that don't quite fit. The bags
under his eyes hint at a life of dissipation and indul-
gence, a similarity between domitor and ghoul that
neither Dobos nor Anastazi Ruthven recognizes.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak with a strong Roma-
nian accent and occasional errors in grammar. Treat
the vampires you meet with the same courtesy you
would show to a secret police officer. Even if you must
warn them, do so delicately and politely. Afterall, they
are more powerful than you and the same breed as your
master — though of course your master is greater than
any of them. Stick to your story and deflect questions
about the details, just as you would when talking to a
superior who could break you. Do your job well and

eventually your master will grant you even greater
rewards.

Domitor: Anastazi Ruthven

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Conformist

Ghouldom: 1978

Apparent Age: 34

Ph Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Haggling 3, Streetwise 1, Sub-
terfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 2, Law 2, Lin-
guistics 2 (English, Hungarian), Vampire Lore 1
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 1, Potence |
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 1, Domitor 3,
Resources 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 6

Notes: Dobos is still a moderately well-known and
influential man in Hunedoara, with Contacts in the
city government. The players' characters are also not
the only Cainite coterie on his payroll.

SERAPH

Background: The seraph is a spirit of light and
flame. The Abrahamic faiths call the seraph an angel,
a messenger of the Highest. Maybe so, but Cret and
Hill summon seraphim in the name of Shamash,

Crarter Taree: Mute Personaumes

89


Helios and other ancient sun-gods, as well as Yahweh
and the archangel Gabriel. Seraphim can tell much
about the bright spirit-realm from whence they come,
but this is not Heaven and they have not seen the face

of God. Cret and Hill regard the seraphim as fairly
minor solar spirits.

Image: A seraph looks like a winged serpent molded
of yellow-white flame, with a crest of pale blue flames
running down its back. A typical seraph stretches four
feet from nose to tail, with a four-foot wingspan. They
can hover in the air without flapping their wings and
move with the swift, darting motion ofa leaping flame.

Roleplaying Hints: Fire is your essence and your
joy. Share it with this cold world in which you find
yourself. Your touch transfigures undead flesh to re-
lease the spirit trapped within; rejoice to bring this
blessing and sing wordless songs of praise in a voice of
flutes and trumpets.

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Celebrant

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 5, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Acrobatics 4, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Demoli-
tions 1, Dodge 4, Expert (spirit Realm) 1, Intimidation
4, Performance (Pyrotechny) 4

Equivalent Disciplines/Paths: Auspex 2, Fortitude 4,
Lure of Flames 4

Willpower: 6

Health Levels: OK, OK, —1, —1, -2, -2, —5, Banished

Notes: A seraph's flaming body deals one health level
of lethal damage per turn to anything it touches
(aggravated to vampires); treat this as the heat of an
electrical fire (difficulty 8 to soak). If a seraph coils
around an opponent and batters with its wings, it deals
two health levels per turn. Don't forget the possibility
of Rétschreck!

THe ScLAv, GUARDIAN AND SERVANT OF THE
Tweive

Background: The monstrous creature known only
as the Sclav — "slave" — was created by Danika in the
16th century to act as a heavy shock troop when she
captured her castle back from the Tremere. The vozhd
survived the battle mostly intact, so after some repair
and healing, Danika kept it around as part of the
castle's defense force. After the Pact was enacted (in
which it took part in the lottery as if it was a normal
mortal), it served as Danika's hunter and watchdog,
being able to leave the castle as the other ghouls did,
and due to its nature, would obey orders unrestrained
by any concept of humanity or mercy.

Standing less than 10 feet high and capable of
insinuating itself through many of the doors and pas-
sageways of the castle, the Sclay might seem small for
one of its legendary kind. However, it can still uproot
atree or ripa Cainite apart barehanded, fella horse and
rider with a single blow, and lift even the castle's
massive portcullis. It can lope on all fours at nearly the
speed of a horse, devour a man or a sheep in a single
sitting, and sleep for weeks at a time when its services
are not needed. But the Sclav is also extraordinarily
old for a vozhd — and its very existence has given rise
to a demonic experiment exploring the nature of its
fractured, composite soul.

Disregarded by the Twelve as little more than a
dumb beast suited only to haul heavy loads or dismem-
ber trespassers, the Sclav eagerly listened tothe demon's
whispers in its restless dreams, for the hybrid monstros-
ity could sense that part of itself was lost, and it longed
for something it could no longer remember — a sense
of its own identity. As Nikanuuranu sorted through
the vozhd's fragmented memories of its assorted former
selves, the Demon likewise sensed the monster's need.
At first, Nikanuuranu merely amused itself with piec-
ing together such a complex puzzle. But over the
centuries, the experiment has grown more and more
fascinating.

Although none of the original donor personalities
survived intact, several composite ones have emerged
as a result of the demon's patient psychological sur-
gery. And while the Sclav's body and will are bound in

La oF THe HipeN

0


blood, not all of its alternative personas are nearly so
biddable.

The Monster Inside

Good Sclay — Good Sclav is the face of the loyal
Tzimisce ghoul, obedient to its masters, eager for the
slightest hint of praise, crushed by a harsh word. It
speaks slowly, putting more than two words together
with difficulty, and only in medieval Romanian. It
speaks of itself in the third person: "Good Sclav. Sclav
hungry. Sclav do good." Although a ferocious guard-
ian, it is not very clever, and will take any amount of
abuse from its masters. Good Sclav sleeps a good deal,
curled up in the rotting hay and leaves it has piled in
its lair, or in its "nest" in the Knights! Hall, but when
awake, it thinks mostly with its (usually empty) stom-
ach, and like a well-trained dog, is willing to do nearly
anything in order to earn its supper. Not a fussy eater,
Good Sclav is will devour live prey, a fresh kill, week-
oldcarrion, or Kindred intruders with equal enthusiasm.

Bad Sclav — Bad Sclav is a monster and knows it.
It also knows it is a slave, and resents it bitterly. But its
anger is tempered with cunning, and so itshows nosign
of its hidden rage. Instead, it takes its revenge in small,
annoying ways that do not rebound on its own head (at
least not to such a degree that it cannot bear). Bad
Sclav revels in inflicting terror and pain; it takes any
opportunity to hunt for its own supper beyond the
castle ruins, orto lure unwary hikers within its domain.
At its worst, it may mimic the voice of one of the
servants, luring one of them out of the "safe" zones of
the castle and into its own clutches — then it releases
the helpless mortal outside the safety of the walls and
hunts her like a cat with a mouse. Bad Sclav definitely
prefers its prey alive... to start. Bad Sclav has a con-
spirator in its little games: Anastazi finds the
bloodthirsty sport seductively fascinating, and has
been known to supply mortals for Bad Sclav's amuse-
ment himself, not quite aware of how close Bad Sclav
sometimes comes to indulging its growing taste for
Cainite flesh at his expense. Bad Sclav has a particular
taste for Tremere. The mere scent of one of that
particular bloodline poking about the castle's visible
ruins is usually enough to bring Bad Sclav out to
become the dominating personality of the night.

Mortal Shards

Whenever Nikanuuranu's explorations into the
Sclav's tangle of memories turn up a strong personality
fragment, the demon gifts it with a name. Related
fragments then are drawn to the named one like iron
shavings to a magnet. None are strong enough yet to
overpower the composite personality of the Sclav itself
for any length of time; sooner or later, the persona hits

a blank spot in its memories or thought processes,
falters, and retreats to regroup. In the past few decades
several such personalities have emerged, and have
occasionally even shared dominance, using the Sclav's
different mouths to talk with the Demon and each
other. Of all the Twelve, only Bufo and Abdalkutba
are aware of the Sclav's growing conversational abili-
ties. The Nosferatu keeps secrets as a matter of
selfishness, and the Assamite vizier is too fascinated by
the process to dare the probable repercussions from the
other Cainites, none of whom would likely view a
sentient vozhd that talks to itself as a good thing.

Yusuf — At least two of the unfortunates grafted
together to form the Sclav were soldiers, Turkish
prisoners of war sold to Danika for whatever use she
thought fit. Yusuf is a soldier, with a dark sense of
humor and insatiable appetite for women, food and
strong drink, even though he admits that it's a sin. He
isa Muslim, and can quote the Qur'an, and sometimes
even seems to be a bit of a philosopher.

Gyorgi — Gyorgi was an old man, a peasant who
had outlived his usefulness as a tiller of the soil. Full of
half-remembered proverbs, Gyorgi has a dark and
pessimistic view of the world, hating both the Turks
and the Szekler lords who turned him out like a dog
when he grew too old to work with equal vehemence.
He also has vague memories of the peasant revolt, and
seeing the impaled corpses of his father and brothers
displayed as a warning to them all.

Bogdan — A brutish, bullying former soldier who
lost a leg when a wound became severely infected,
Bogdan's strength of will was such that his personality

Carrer Taree: Mutmte Personaumes

o


survived the koldunic ritual and flesh-shaping ordeal,
but did not come through unscathed. Sullen, suspi-
cious and prone to physical violence when sufficiently
frustrated, Bogdan's greatest fear is the loss of other
body parts. Sometimes he has sufficient mental con-
trol to sense and control other parts of the Sclav's
massive body, and sometimes he believes himself
crippled and helpless — which does nothing for his
temper.

Okulina — A slave girl from the Russias, her
strongest characteristic seems to be a dour fatalism
about everything. From her point of view, life (such as
it is) is a curse, but must nonetheless be faced and
endured. Patient and longsuffering, she is still some-
what shy, as if she still worries that she may be beaten
if she speaks her mind or argues in any way. Okulina
has asoft, sultry voice, and still believes herself capable
of flirtation.

Getting into the Pact: The Sclav had no more
choice in the matter of the Pact than any other mortal
creature in the castle; less, really, due to its nature. It
doesn't really comprehend the Pact as anything out of
the ordinary, and doesn't think one way or the other
about its morality. In fact, it rather looks forward to the
night of the ritual, because it's always enlisted to help
clean up afterward...

Relations with Others: The Sclav is no longer
bound in blood to just Danika, but to the Twelve as a
whole. Once a month, it receives its ration of mixed
vitae from a number of the Inconnu (not always all of
them), and it is almost pathetically eager for it. As a
consequence, it will obey orders (in theory) from any
of the Twelve. It does, however, have favorites among
its many masters. It still reveres Danika as its creator,
and Anastazi as the one who feeds it. Abdalkutba has
long found the vozhd to be of particular interest, and
while the Sclav may not understand everything the
vizier says, it does like the company and being talked
to like a real person. It also has had a long understand-
ing of sorts with Bufo, the only creature in the castle
who is nearly as shunned and reviled as itself.

The Sclav's relationship with the mortals of
Hunedoara Castle has its ups and downs; they are
pretty much all terrified of the monster, and know all
too well what its favorite food is. Consequently, they
treat it with the respect one givesa chained tiger, avoid
its usual haunts, and bribe its good will with the
leftovers from their own table. The Sclay has no qualm
about accepting table scraps from any mortal bold
enough to offer them. It has been known to beg when
it recognizes those who have fed it in the past, but can
then grow irritated if no treat is forthcoming; many

mortals keep some stale bread or a piece of fruit handy
if they must pass near the Sclav's accustomed haunts.
That the Sclav is also on speaking terms with the
demon, not even Danika knows.

Outside Influence: None.

Image: The Sclav is a hulking tower of muscle,
bone and sinew patched together from a handful of
hardy survivors, merged into one corpus through
Tzimisce gifts and Koldunic Sorcery. When fully erect,
itstands nearly nine feet high, balancing on powerfully
muscled legs and splayed, clawed feet; it sports two
pairs of arms, its fingers ending in hooked talons. The
lower pair of arms are long and provide additional
support and mobility, as the Sclav normally moves by
supporting the weight of its upper body on the knuck-
les of its lower arms like an ape. Its hide is leathery,
scarred and tough, and sports a number of bony spikes
along its spine and limbs. Its numerous vital organs are
protected behind bony plating reinforcing its ribs,
chest and back. Its broad head is set into its shoulders
with barely any hint of a neck, but it sports two
additional half-formed faces, one on either side, so its
field of vision goes nearly all around its head. It can, if
it wishes, use all three mouths to speak in eerie unison,
though only its primary maw is equipped with jagged,
wolfish teeth.

Roleplaying Hints: You don't understand that
you're a monster. You do know you are big, strong, and
that you can easily strike terror into the hearts of
mortals, and sometimes that gives youa savage sense of
satisfaction. Thinking is not your strong point. You
exist in the moment, rarely mulling over the past or
speculating about the future, and filling your stomach
is usually your highest priority. As Good Sclav you are
submissive and eager to please, accepting both abuse
and praise with equal enthusiasm. As Bad Sclav you
are vicious, ill-tempered and cunning, easily provoked
to destructive fury. Your human shards are weak yet,
and either of your dominant personalities can over-
whelm them; those plaintive tormented souls are free
to emerge only when you are calm, fed and resting.

Self-Destruct Button: The Sclav is above all
things a very old ghoul, and hopelessly addicted to
vampire vitae. Its life expectancy, should the vitae stop
flowing every month, would be only a matter of days
before its ancient flesh began to decay along with the
spells that gave it its unnatural life, and Final Death
would come soon afterward.

Domitor: Danika Ruthven
Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Monster

La oF THe HippeN

2


Ghouldom: 1498

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 4, Intimidation 6, Mul-
tiple Attack 4 (vozhd get 10 extra dice to divide among
their Attack Dice Pools, though no individual attack
may exceed the vozhd's Dexterity + Brawl Dice Pool)
Knowledges: Linguistics 1 (Sclav speaks and under-
stands a medieval dialect of Romanian, but its mortal
shards speak their native languages as well)
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Potence 6, Fortitude 5, immune
to Dominate, Presence and Animalism

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Morality: Road of the Beast 6

Willpower: 10

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -1,-
1, -2, -2, -2, -2, -2, -5, -5, -5

Blood Pool: 20/2

Notes: The Sclav knows nothing of Roads, Humanity
or Paths of Enlightenment, but it does have a kind of
free will and limited initiative to act without direct
orders. The Dark Ages Road of the Beast (or the
Sabbat Path of the Feral Heart) is as close to describing
its morality as anything else.

THe DEMON NIKANUURANU, DECEIVER AND
Deceiven

Background: What can one say of a being so
ancient and powerful that the worst wiles of the
Tremere — or centuries-old Cainite sorcerers — pro-
vide only dark amusement? The demon known as
Nikanuuranu was not pleased at first to realize that
some paltry sorcerer had managed to crack the somatic
code of its True Name — and yet, the opportunity to
better its own situation, even in a pact with a cabal of
cursed undead, could not be cast aside. It was, after all,
a considerable improvement from where it had been
before, and from the Castle's spires, Nikanuuranu
could see the sky and the stars for the first time in
uncounted centuries. Was any price too high for such
glory, even paid in mortal blood?

Nikanuuranu has had time to answer that ques-
tion. A spirit of the sky, of the stars and their patterns,
of light and illusion, it is now imprisoned on earth, its
essence bound into the very stones of the castle as long
as the Pact shall last. At first, it was more than willing
to offer anything to the Twelve to keep the Pact
running. Over the years, it has made secret individual
covenants with almost all the Twelve in order to
encourage their continued compliance. Now, how-

ever, Nikanuuranu is simply bored. The Pact goes on
and on, year after year; the Twelve actually seem to
enjoy their misery. Unfortunately, Nikanuuranu can-
not break the Pact itself. As long as the conditions it
set in the original agreement continue to be met, it is
required to obey them. The Twelve have the free will
to break those conditions, if they dare. The demon
Nikanuuranu does not.

Thedemon'sspiritual essence permeates the Castle;
it sees and hears everything that goes on within. It is
noncorporeal, and can appear with something resem-
bling a physical form in the material world only during
the Pact renewal ritual. It can, with some difficulty,
affect the physical world, but primarily prefers to
constrain its interactions more to the realm of the
spirit world, or of dreams. In those non-material realms,
it can take any form it desires — but rarely desires its
own.

Getting into the Pact: Nikanuuranu could not
resist Cret's summons. Even if it could have, its own
insatiable curiosity would have drawn it in regardless.
It could, and did, haggle over the terms of the Pact,
however, seeking to weaken whatever real control
Cret had by incorporating conditions to the Pact that
allow it considerable freedom of action. Now it regrets
some of its choices, but there is nothing it can do about
them.

Since Then: Nikanuuranu has kept the castle
hidden using illusions and subtle spells that keep the
more idle-minded visitors from ever stumbling on the
site. It has also made additional deals with various
members of the Twelve, presenting itself as the holder
of many gifts and pleasures. It regrets that, too; some of
its gifts were somewhat extravagant in terms of its own
power, and now Nikanuuranu realizes that it baited
the honey trap all too well. Now to give up the Pact
also means giving up the demon's personal gifts, and
there are some among the Twelve who are not likely to
want that.

Relations with Others: Nikanuuranu can insinu-
ate itself into the dreams of anyone, mortal or undead,
within the castle, appearing as anyone at all. In this
way it presented its offers, and both taunts and encour-
ages those who have bound themselves in pacts with it.
However, it communicates in this fashion at its own
whim. When a mortal or Inconnu want to ask for
something, they must go through its agent, Anastazi
Ruthven. Nikanuuranu quickly saw the weaknesses in
Anastazi's moral fiber, and finds him far easier to
manipulate than Cret. It amuses the demon to give
such a power to the youngest and weakest of the proud
Inconnu, so that they must go to the one they despise

Charter Tree: Muvmpte PersonaLmes

93


hig"

in order to bargain for what they want. And if nothing

else, Anastazi isan accomplished haggler. Nikanuuranu

reserves a particular hatred for Cret, who called it forth

and still holds its True Name over it like a hammer —
the demon truly hates and fears someone who has the
power to bind it.

Roleplaying Hints: You existed at the dawn of
creation and knew the names of all the stars; you saw
Adam and Eve fall, and then so did you. Now you are
a spirit bound to the material plane, trapped as much
as those you once bargained with for your freedom.
Your insatiable curiosity brought you into the Pact,
and now it binds youas well. You know how to obey the
letter and circumvent the spirit of such a compact, and
if you see an advantage that may yet gain you your
freedom and destroy the one who bound you, you will
not let the moral weaknesses of lesser beings stand in
your way. You like having control over others, so
promise them anything in order to gain it; once they
are indebted to you, the'
release them.

Attributes: Willpower 8, Rage 5 , Gnosis 9, Es-
sence 22
Charms: Nikanuuranu has the equivalent of 8 dots
in any vampiric Discipline the Storyteller wishes it

‘re in your power until you

to use. It spends Essence where a vampire would
spend blood.

Nikanuuranu is also immune to all effects of fire,
and cannot be deceived by any kind of illusion or
manipulative power (Chimerstry, Dominate, Pres-
ence).

NIKANUURANU: THE FALLEN

You do not need Demon: the Fallen to run
Nikanuuranu, as its abilities can be as easily de-
scribed as high-level Kindred Disciplines or simply
never defined at all in terms of game mechanics;
the demon can be given any power that serves the
Storyteller's needs, so long as it remains bound by
the considerations of the Pact. Itneedn't be one of
the Fallen at all.

However, for those who wonder how
Nikanuuranu might translate as one of the Fallen
(or more precisely, the Earthbound), we provide
the following suggestions:

House: Neberu (Fiend)

Rank: Lord

Lores: Portals 5, Light 5, Humanity 2
Torment: 5

Faith: 12

Note: Nikanuuranu cannot reap faith from
the Twelve themselves, but does benefit tremen-
dously from the Ritual every year, due to the
number of mortals present. The pact as it binds the
mortals of Hunedoara is its real source of power,
not the Twelve.

Weakness: Like all Demons, Nikanuuranu is vul-
nerable to the holy, such as holy water, cros
prayers when wielded by someone with True Faith.

and

Demon ATTRIBUTES

Willpower: This trait allows demons to take ac-
tion, things like attacking or moving through the spirit
world, much like physical entities use the Dexterity
Attribute. Resisted Willpower rolls are used to resolve
conflicts that occur in dreams or in the spirit realm.

Rage: Rage is a spirit's passion, inner fire, and
hunger to survive. They use Rage to attack and inflict
injury on others, much like physical entities use the
Strength Attribute. Rage also determines a spirit's
toughness, like the Stamina Attribute.

Gnosis: Gnosis measures a spirit's awareness, and
spirits use it for all Social and Mental rolls, as well as
most Charm rolls.

Essence: A spirit's Essence equals the total of its
other three Traits and is used to power Charms, similar
to a vampire's blood pool.

SAULOT, CATALYST OF THE CRUCIBLE

Ancient beyond reckoning, incredibly powerful,
immeasurably wise, and finally free in the body of his
murderer: The Antediluvian walks the earth again. What

Lair oF THe Hippen

94


his greater plans are he does not reveal — in fact, he does
not even reveal his presence, not even to one of the few
survivors of his own blood. Yet he has a purpose at
Hunedoara, a purpose he believes is critical now that the
Final Nights have begun. Some of the Twelve were
known to Saulot once; some listened to his words and
strove to follow them. Since that time, they have fallen,
fallen far from their goal. But the Antediluvian has a
purpose for themstill. Saulot has finished with interfering
directly in the unlives of others, however —what choices
they make now are theirs alone.

What Saulot seeks is for the Twelve to face what
they have become, to accept their failures and turn
away from them, back to the road of Golconda they
once traveled. The Antediluvian has chosen a few
Kindred to serve as his agents, to break the stalemate
in which the Twelve are trapped — one way or
another. While Saulot can — and will, in his guise as
the mortal servant Stefan — observe what is happen-
ing at Hunedoara through various means, he has no
intention of interfering with the unfolding of fate.
Whether the players' characters succeed or fail, sur-
vive or perish, is out of Saulot's hands. Whether the

Saulot has no Traits; the Antediluvian's abili- ©
ties cannot be measured on the same scale as lesser
beings. Saulot could break the Pact with a word and
destroy the castle or anyone in it without any diffi-
culty whatsoever. He knows he can do these things.

But he chooses not to. He chooses to watch. He
choosestoholdhishand, and leteventsoccurasthey may
— though he may, deep in his heart, still nourish a tiny
grain of that most fragile of human emotions... hope.

Inconnu can save themselves from their doom or not,
the Antediluvian no longer exerts any control over
them or their situation. It is up to the characters and
the Twelve to determine their own fates, even though
Gehenna itself may be triggered — or postponed — by
their choice.

The demon Nikanuuranu senses Saulot's pres-
ence, senses the hand of a great power holding the
strands of fate that encompass the Castle and its
denizens, including Nikanuuranu itself. Desperate to
be free of the pact, but not willing to return to the Pit,
the demon watches as well — and waits.

Carrer Turée: Mutmpte Personaums

%5



For all their wonder and tragedy, power and pa-
thos, the Inconnu of Hunedoara do not matter unless
actual players' characters interact with them. This
rather complicated chapter presents a general storyline
with numerous options.

You can bring characters to Hunedoara in differ-
ent ways, for different reasons. The first section of the
chapter presents a wide variety of story options. You
can pick a reason for the characters to seek Hunedoara
and ways they can find it. The Twelve meddle in the
world in various ways; we describe activities that can
attract the characters' attention, as well as reasons why
an Inconnu might deliberately lure a coterie to the
castle.

The chapter continues with two sample storylines,
one fora Sabbat pack and one fora Camarilla or anarch
coterie. They give examples of how you can flesh out
the skeleton of a plot. Each one comes with its own set
of options so you can adapt them for different coteries.

The next section of the chapter deals with meet-
ing the Twelve and discovering the secrets of the
castle. It also details the growing danger to the charac-
ters as the rancor among the Twelve escalates to an
explosion. Wittingly or not, the characters may push
the Inconnu toa crisis — or they may try to defuse the
situation and lead the Twelve out of their hellish pact.

The final section describes possible resolutions to
the story. The coterie can find itself in a deadly
maelstrom of sorcerous vengeance and witness the

castle's doom. They can also bring a happier ending,
though not necessarily an entirely hopeful one.
The road to Hunedoara beckons...

GETTINGTO
THE CASTLE

Physically speaking, characters face no difficulty
in reaching Hunedoara. Several roads and a rail line
connect the town to the rest of the world. The castle
is an hour's walk from the edge of town, or 15 minutes
by dirt-bike — if you know the way. None of the trails
through the wooded hills are large enough for automo-
biles. The real question is why characters would come
to the castle.

ACCIDENT

Could the characters stumble on the castle with-
out intending it? We include this option only to
explain why it presents problems. Giving characters a
reason to visit Transylvania is the easy part. They
could seek sites of ancient but still powerful magic,
elder Cainites with valuable information (perhaps a
Cainite "ancestor") or records and relics of the early
Tremere — to list only a few options. Whatever the
characters seek, the trail takes them through
Hunedoara. The town is too large and too modern for
such horror-movie staples as "The bridge is out, you'll

(Cxarter Four: THE Roaps 10 Hunepoara (PLOTLINES)

97


have to spend the night" — or rather, day — but an
inventive Storyteller can concoct a reason to hold the
coterie in town for a while. For instance, Lupines
might watch the road, unnoticed by mortals but all too
ready to slaughter Kindred who travel by night; or
Gargoyle minions of the Tremere can patrol the skies
around the border of Hunedoara county.

Unless one of the characters has a passion for ruins
or long walks in the woods, however, no one would
have any reason to go near the castle. Still, you could
perhaps give the characters a reason to blunder about
the forest without too obviously leading them by the
nose. Then they have to get past the powerful veil of
Obfuscate and illusion cast by the demon. The castle's
aura subtly deflects people around it. Only a person
who lacked physical or mental control of his move-
ments could pass the belt of illusion and see the castle
as it is.

If you can think of a way to get your characters
hang-gliding at night, so a sudden stiff wind can blow
them onto the castle grounds, more power to you. A
character in frenzy, Rétschreck or running in blind
panic from Lupines might blunder into the castle as
well. Overall, though, getting the characters to
Hunedoara Castle without anyone intending them to
go there requires a series of implausible events. It's
easier all around if someone wants the characters to find
the castle.

SEARCHING

The characters themselves could seek Hunedoara
Castle without knowing what it holds or even that it
still exists. Such a storyline presents difficulties, but
not impossible ones.

Way?

Before anything else, the characters need a reason
toseek the castle. The characters can seek the castle on
their own behalf or as agents of someone else. For
instance, a prince whoseeks his mortal granddaughter's
murderer oran archbishop hunting an obscure Noddist
text might assign the task to a trusted coterie or pack.
Some basic options includ

¢ Treasure Hunt: Give the characters a hint that
the long-vanished castle held something valuable.
Cret, Eshmunamash and other powerful members of
the Inconnu were not so unknown back in the 15th
century. An old legend or rumor might place a vial of
a saint's blood at the castle, or a book of Gehenna
prophecies. Just learning that a Methuselah ora seeker
of Golconda once dwelled in a ruined castle could

LAIR oF THE HIDDEN

98


inspire some characters to search. Perhaps some clue
remains in a long-concealed crypt...?

For thaumaturges, the castle's location itself pos-
sesses value. Danika Ruthven built Hunedoara atop a
natural site of occult power — one reason why the
Tremere wanted the castle so badly. The castle is
forgotten; the site is not. Old records might inspire an
ambitious Tremere to visit Hunedoara. The Sabbat's
young (or old...) crop of Tzimisce koldun could seek
the castle's site for the same reason.

¢ Revenge: Some of the Twelve meddle in mortal
and Cainite affairs. Sometimes their meddling hurts
people. Sabbat who see half their pack mysteriously
destroyed could try to punish whoever did it. So might
Camarilla or independent Kindred, if someone or
something slew their mortal or undead loved ones.

© Recovery: The elders of Hunedoara may bring
objects, mortals or Kindred to the castle as part of their
plans. A stolen Cainite relic or a person strangely
vanished might prompt characters to pursue the miss-
ing thing or person.

¢ Forteana: A few of the Twelve can project
magical effects around the world. These can cause
various sorts of Fortean events. A witness could think
a spirit minion was a space alien. A magical murder
could look like spontaneous human combustion, or
leave some equally bizarre trace. Lights in the sky,
misplaced objects (like the classic rain of fish) and
other anomalies would also suggest magic to any
thaumaturge worth his salt. Excitable Kindred might
see portents of Gehenna. Either way, a prince, regent
or other authority might want characters to investi-
gate... and make sure they are not in danger.

How?

The Twelve do their best, but even they cannot
cover their tracks perfectly. Clever and determined
characters can find a road to Hunedoara.

¢ Historical Research: It's not easy to erase a
castle from history. Old records scattered through
southeastern Europe mention the castle of John
Hunyadi, a pivotal figure in the region's history. His-
torical accounts of the castle's destruction are vague
and inconsistent. A person who researched the castle
might find the very lack of information suspicious.
Why has no archeologist at least mapped the ruins?
When something drops out of history so suddenly, a
clever Cainite suspects that an elder wants to hide
something.

¢ Agents of the Twelve: Some of the Inconnu
need mortal or Cainite agents to work their will.
Characters can gain information from them. They can

interrogate a captured minion, follow one who escapes
or backtrack one who dies. Mundane travel leaves a
paper and electronic trail. The Twelve generally work
through cutouts, subcontractors or conditioned dupes,
but one agent can lead to another minion or a clue to
who's responsible.

¢ Information Brokers: Some Cainites possess
vast reserves of obscure, arcane or secret information.
That may include past Methuselah residents of Eastern
European castles. The Nosferatu offer the most famous
information service among the Damned, but the Fol-
lowers of Set are not far behind them in vending
peculiar lore. The Tremere collectively know a lot,
too, but seldom share information with outsiders.
Europe also holds elder vampires who might recall
rumors of an Inconnu castle in Transylvania. All these
potential sources of information demand payment...
which can lead to a story or two as the characters
scramble to supply the cash, services or boons that the
informant demands.

¢ Supernatural: Thaumaturges may consult su-
pernatural information sources, such as divination
spells or oracular spirits. Some vampires of the 14th
and 15th generation now show an uncanny intuition
about the Jyhads of other Cainites. The plots of the
Twelve qualify. Such "thin-blooded seers" are rare but
they too can supply leads. The Dementation power
called Eyes of Chaos can also pull information from
nowhere: Whether the characters trust a crazy
Malkavian is up to them. Plain old Auspex can supply
hints too — at least nudging a character to guess that
a theft, disappearance or other event is more impor-
tant than it seems.

Supernatural methods should never give a clear
and complete answer, but they can supply clues and
point characters in the right direction. For instance, an
oracular demon might say, "The murderer is One
among Twelve, disciples of One, protected by One, at
the castle of the raven king." Someone who researches
old European royalty might learn that the Hunyadis
later changed their name to Corvin (crow).

¢ Technology: The demon has tremendous power
but it isn't infallible. The veil cast over the castle
prevents detection by any natural or supernatural
means available in the early 16th century. The 21st
century has other options. The castle does not appear
on photographs or video monitors, which are just
another form of sight... but it shows up just fine to a
person who wears infrared vision gear. (Luckily for the
Twelve, the Romanian Army never did night maneu-
vers near Hunedoara.) The castle also appears on
radar, seismic surveys and other high-tech means of

Cuarter Four: THe Roans To Hunepoara (PLOTLINES)

i)


detection. For instance, the Romanian oil ministry
conducted a seismic survey in the Hunedoara region.
The geologists set off explosions and the shock waves
bounced back from different rock layers. The geolo-
gists noticed some sort of pit or cavern nearby — the
cellars of Hunedoara — but it wasn't oil, so they
ignored it. The oil ministry still keeps the seismic maps
on file. Ifthe characters can find a servant ona mission
outside the castle, they might be able to tag him
secretly with a radio beacon and follow the tag to the
castle.

© Obfuscate. The ward that hides the castle is
essentially a very powerful Obfuscate effect. It has one
small, unexpected side effect: Cainites who use their
own Obfuscate powers at the castle's margin are "sucked
in." The ward expands to encompass them, and they
can see the castle. Any non-Obfuscated Cainite is not
affected this way. Once a character sees the castle,
though, he can guide other characters to it.

CALLED

The characters most easily find the castle if one of
the Twelve actually wants them to come. For some
reason — we'll discuss that later — one of the elders in

the castle has some use for a group of capable (or
gullible) Kindred. How the elder draws them in can be
very simple or as complicated as you want.

INVITATION

The absolute simplest method is for one of the
Twelve to invite the characters to Hunedoara. The
Twelve can establish communications by several meth-
ods, from messages projected into a character's dreams
to hired couriers with plane tickets and a few padded
packing crates. The Inconnu might not necessarily tell
the truth about who she is or why she wants some
neonates to visit Romania. All of the Twelve are
canny enough to offer stories calculated to appeal the
characters and their interests (or suspicions). The
pitch could range from something honest like, "I hear
you want to learn about Golconda. I can take you to an
expert," to something utterly mendacious like, "The
angel in my dream said I'd find Allison's killer in
Transylvania."

SUMMONING

Not all the Twelve need to ask politely, either.
Whether through powerful Disciplines or
Thaumaturgy, some of the elders can force a Cainite to
come to them... or even a whole group. The other
characters might see their comrade stiffen and say,
"Romania. I have to go to Romania," before he hurries
away.

An elder without such magical methods could
simply kidnap a character whom she wants. The char-
acters wake up one evening tofind their comrade gone.
Fortunately, the elder's agents had to hire movers, buy
air-freight tickets and otherwise leave a trail of wit-
nesses and documents. Maybe the whole pack or
coterie wakes up already in transit.

PLaven

Elder Cainites often prefer not to show their hand
so openly. Neonates might tell other Kindred about
theirstrange invitation. Kidnapping a Cainite requires
minions who know at least something of the master's
plan. No one can talk, however, if they do not actually
know what they do. Many among the Twelve might
prefer to draw in characters through a cunning decep-
tion. The characters think they follow their own plan,
but actually, they follow aseries of lures laid by an elder
in Hunedoara.

Once again, the elder calculates his deception to
appeal to the characters' personalities. Necessary clues
appear, but not too easily. The characters find a min-
ion who takes his orders from someone in the town of
Hunedoara. An article in a magazine describes the
town's scenic attractions and mentions that a castle
once stood nearby. A hired information broker pro-
ducesa tale about a magically hidden castle of Inconnu.

The elder attracts the characters through the same
motives that would impel the coterie to seek the castle
on their own: greed, revenge, curiosity, fear and so on.
The difference lies in the ease with which the charac-
ters find the clues to their goal, and the whole situation
was stage-managed from the start. The elder arranged
the packmate's murder, frightened the prince with a
strange manifestation or planted the legend about a
potent magical treasure.

SENT

For all the Twelve's attempts at concealment, a
few other beings know about them and Hunedoara
Castle. A few Methuselahs remember Danika, Cret
and other elders, or traced a convergence of Inconnu
to the castle. Other Cainites might capture careless
minions of the Twelve, force their secrets from them or
follow them back to Hunedoara. Such elders might
want to send a few duped Kindred into the castle as
investigators... or bait.

Saulotalso knows about the castle and the Twelve.
A mere demon cannot hide his disciples, not when he
knows the feel of their souls. Besides, Saulot is an
Antediluvian, with powers that lesser vampires can-
not imagine. Saulot wants to offer his disciples one

La oF THE HipDeN

10


final chance to redeem themselves from their horrible
Pact... or to leap into the pit of destruction they have
prepared for themselves. Perhaps he arranges for the
characters to seek the lair of the Hidden asa test for his
fallen disciples.

MetHuseLtaAH Motives

Why might one of the Twelve bring a group of
neonates to Hunedoara, defying five centuries of se-
crecy? The Storyteller has several options. In each
case, give thought to why the Twelve need the players'
characters in particular. Transylvania has scads of
vampires. Why send out for more?

© Blood Tells. Maybe the Inconnu who sum-
moned the characters wants a Cainite of her own
bloodline. Kindred who know their "ancestry" may be
surprised to meet their vampiric forebear several times
removed.

© Blood Tells, Redux. For an alternative, maybe
the elder needs a Cainite who descends from his mortal
family. This works best for Zamra, who keeps track of
her descendants, but even an ancient monster like
Cret might find reasonably direct descendants through
magic.

For an extra fillip, the target character might
belong to both bloodlines, mortal and Cainite. This is
too big ofa coincidence to be an accident. Someone —
most plausibly the Inconnu himself — arranged the
character's Embrace to create the double lineage.

© Special Qualifications. The elder might desire a
Cainite with a particular rare Trait, such as an unusual
Merit, Ability or combination of Disciplines. This
assumes that one of the players' characters possesses
some sufficiently distinctive Trait. If the coterie pur-
sues a Storyteller-character called or abducted by one
of the Twelve, that character can have whatever
Traits the Storyteller wants.

© Even More Special Qualifications. The elder
might pick a character for entirely mystical reasons.
Perhaps the target character is the seventh childe of a
seventh childe, bears a cross-shaped birthmark or was
Embraced when the Moon was in the seventh house
and Jupiter aligned with Mars. As Storyteller, you can
invent any mystical flummery you want and apply it to
whatever character you want, so this is a very easy
option.

¢ Family Connections. The target character is not
herself special, but she has aconnection tosomeone an
Inconnu cares a great deal about. For instance, one of
the Hunedoara elders might hound the lineage of an
old enemy, century after century. One character comes

from that Kindred's lineage; the Inconnu calls him to
Hunedoara to do something nasty to him.

Once you give one of the Twelve a reason to pick
a player's character, decide what he wants to do with
that Cainite.

To Serve KINDRED

Perhaps the Pact calls for a special sacrifice every
50 years (the Biblical "jubilee" interval). The Twelve
must offer the demon a vampire instead of a mortal. It
isn't enough to say that the Twelve would rather
sacrifice a stranger than Embrace and offer one of the
servants. They must want a particular Cainite — one
of the characters. A blood connection to one of the
Twelve, some rare mystical condition or a vendetta
could explain why they want a particular character.

This option offers wonderful possibilities for treach-
ery. The Twelve need just the one character as their
victim. The elders could destroy them all, of course,
but why make a fuss? If the other characters merely
abandon their comrade, the Twelve spare their unlives
and may promise a minor boon... minor for these
elders, but incredible for a group of neonates. Will the
characters stand aside like properly selfish Cainites or
will they follow their conscience at risk to their unlives?

Accepting the Twelve's offer dooms all the char-
acters. These ancient monsters cannot let some
pipsqueak neonates go free knowing their secrets. The
surviving characters may count themselves lucky if
they leave Hunedoara with their unlives; their free will
is too much to ask. The Twelve do not let them go
without imposing blood bonds and curses to ensure
their loyalty and silence. For the sake of secrecy,
enough of the Twelve put aside their quarrels to assure
that escaped characters meet their Final Death before
long.

Spurning the Twelve puts the characters' unlives
in peril, too, but does not mean certain destruction.
Some of the Twelve hate each other to the point of
madness. A tiny nudge from cunning characters could
set them at each other's throats. Once one of the
Twelve dies, everything goes to Hell in a hurry, giving
the neonates a chance to escape.

RecrultTInG Drive

The Twelve do not all wield sufficient supernatu-
ral power to influence events in the outside world —
at least not to the degree they want. One of the Twelve
might draw in a coterie of skilled and resourceful
neonates to offer them a job.

A Methuselah might pick the characters for any of
the reasons listed above. The best possible reason,
however, lies in the characters' own deeds. None of the

Cuapter Four: THE RoADs To HuneDoara (PLOTLINES)

101


Twelve would recruit a coterie of brutes or bumblers—
unless they need some dupes for a suicide mission.

Pawns

Speaking of dupes and suicide missions.... One of
the Inconnu might want some neonates to use against
a fellow prisoner. The Pact and assorted hanging curses
keep them from harming each other — so bring in an
outsider to do the job!

The Inconnu who lures the coterie to Hunedoara
does not dare to kill his enemy. Maiming is another
matter. As long as everyone shows up at the yearly
sacrifice intact enough to say, "Yes," the Pact contin-
ues. If one or two of the Inconnu need servants to bring
them in wheelbarrows, the demon doesn't care.

RepLAceMeNnT

An audacious elder might use some neonates in a
plot to escape the Pact. The terms of the Pact allow for
replacement — this has already happened once. A
prisoner who can find some hapless dupe to take his
place could depart the castle, laughing.

This cannot be easy, or all the Twelve would have
done this already and the castle would hold frustrated
ancillae instead of frustrated elders and Methuselahs.
Blood connections or mystical qualities could explain
why the elder needs one character in particular.

For an especially twisty plot, one Inconnu might
seek to replace a different prisoner. Once an elder
leaves the Twelve, he loses the protection that the
Pact affords. The others can then strike at him! Notall
the other Inconnu can attack, though. Leaving the
Pact does not remove any "deadman switch" curses
that the former prisoner levied on other Inconnu.

If one of the Twelve goes mad, enters Wassail or
suffers Final Death, all the remaining Inconnu gain an
urgent interest in replacing that elder before the next
sacrifice comes due. They know that diablerie enables
one Cainite to replace another in the Pact. A de-
stroyed pacter forces a more desperate gamble: The
remaining Inconnu feed the character the destroyed
elder's vitae (stored against this eventuality). Then
Danika fleshcrafts the neonate into a body double of
the destroyed Cainite, while Cret, Hill or Zamra brain-
wash him through Dominate so he believes he is the
slain elder. Drenis and Pentweret attempt to call the
destroyed Cainite's spirit into the neonate's body as
well, so that "blood and soul" are present at the
sacrifice. Once the character participates in the an-
nual sacrifice, he is locked into the Pactas tightly as the
others.

INCONNU ACTIVITIES

The Twelve do not spend all their time sniping at
each other. No matter how much they loathe their
imprisonment, however, some of the Twelve also
realize that the castle provides near-perfect conceal-
ment for their own plots — if they have any way to
affect the outside world. Faced with further centuries
of boredom, some of the Twelve now meddle in the
Jyhad in exactly the way the Inconnu supposedly
renounce. These plots may draw in characters by
accident, or an Inconnu could deliberately attempt to
manipulate the players' characters as part of their
schemes.

Kivi OFFTHE ANCIENTS

The Inconnu know that when the Antediluvians
rise at Gehenna, their most ancient and powerful
childer shall serve as their generals and their proxies.
The Nosferatu fear the Nictuku, monstrous childer
their mad sire Embraced specifically to destroy them;
the Assamites bow to or flee ur-Shulgi, their
Antediluvian's eldest childe. Every other clan in-
cludes its own roster of Fourth Generation terrors
whose names are now legend or lost.

Most Inconnu hope to hide from the Antediluvians
and their servant childer. Some among the Twelve
believe that the Pact protects them from their ances-
tors' machinations— which means they can fight back
without fear. These Inconnu search for the Third and
Fourth Generation, including their own sires. They
intend to find these elder monsters and arrange their
destruction.

Murdering the Antediluvians would forestall
Gehenna completely; but even killing the Fourth
Generation would greatly reduce the Ancients' power.
Each childe of the Antediluvians slain means one less
weapon in their claws and improves the chance that
some Cainites might survive or even triumph.

The Twelve have every reason to believe they
could succeed. The older members saw four
Antediluvians slain within five centuries: their own
mentor Saulot and the Cappadocian, Lasombra and
Tzimisce progenitors. If they can find some sleeping
monster, they need merely give the Sabbat a tip about
its location. If the Sabbat proves too compromised and
manipulated to do the job, some of the Inconnu wield
sufficient magic to destroy any Methuselah. From
around the world, Danika's elementals could rend an
elder's tomb to let in the sunlight; Cret's demons could
deliver purifying flame. Those Inconnu with minions
outside the castle could direct them to exhume and

Lark oF THE Hien

102

destroy sleeping monsters. For all the vast and un-
known powers of the eldest vampires, they still remain
susceptible to their kind's universal weaknesses of fire,
sunlight and diablerie.

Of course, first they have to find a sleeping
Methuselah. The magic of Cret, Hill, Danika and
Pentweret renders them most capable in this regard,
though the task still is not easy. These thaumaturges
cannot simply cast some oracular spell or consult a
spirit to tell them where the eldest vampires sleep.
They can look through time-lost crypts and temples
without leaving the castle, though, or send spirit
minions to search through secret catacombs. Their
divinations can certainly guide them to any mundane
source of information, which they can correlate in
ways that would never occur to mortal scientists or
historians. Spirits may tell of scenes they witnessed
long ago, which may provide further clues to a
Methuselah's identity and resting place. The greatest
prize isa Methuselah's true name: With such informa-
tion, any of the four thaumaturges could locate the
sleeping elder with comparative ease, despite any
supernatural concealment.

Other Inconnu possess their own resources. The
ones who can perform astral projection can travel the
globe in search of clues. Zamra's family gives her, and
any ally, plenty of minions to perform mundane leg-
work. Any Inconnu who has contact with the outer
world can hire, threaten or dupe other Cainites into
assisting their quest. Indeed, many Cainites search for
sleeping Methuselahs, too, and the Twelve merely
need to watch and assist their labors.

SeeK ANTEDILUVIAN INFLUENCE

Asarelated but less ambitious project, members of
the Twelve canseek to discover how the Antediluvians
influence Cainite and mortal affairs. Once found, a
pawn can be neutralized. Inconnu with outside influ-
ence can kill the Ancients' mortal instruments, or
deprive them of whatever position in society makes
them effective tools. Dealing with Cainite servants
does not present much more of a challenge — not for
beings prepared to murder fellow Methuselahs. An
Inconnu might not kill a suspected pawn right away,
though. The elder might watch a tool of the Ancients
for years in hopes of tracing further links in the chain
of secret power.

Actually finding the servants of the Ancients is
quite a challenge. Many of the Twelve do not require
mundane communications or influence to work their
will, and none of them exceed three millennia in age.
The Antediluvians and their eldest, closest childer

must wield even subtler and more powerful means of
recruiting and directing their pawns. Zamra com-
mands many of her mortal descendants without them
knowing it: Might an Antediluvian command weak-
willed descendants without them knowing it either?
Do their astral forms walk the Earth while their bodies
lie in torpor, like Demetrius or Mahtiel? Do they
command more powerful spirits and enchantments
than the Twelve's thaumaturges?

They do not know, and so they must guess. Like
mortal conspiracy theorists, the Twelve look for cur-
rent events that might help the Antediluvians. Does a
leadership struggle throw the Sabbat into turmoil?
That weakens the Sword of Caine and renders it less
able to stalk and destroy the Antediluvians' pawns.
Perhaps an Antediluvian arranged it! So a Camarilla
prince cracks down on anarchs. Does he merely despise
their challenge to his authority, or does he keep the
Kindred herd together, ready for convenient dining by
risen Ancients? A tribal war in Africa flares up again.
Mere mortal brutality? Or an echo of an Ancient's
bloody hunger? Simply guessing what the Antediluvians
want provokes as much argument among the Twelve
as among any other Cainites.

If an event seems suspicious, the investigating
Inconnu uses agents or long-distance magic to gather
more information and probe the minds of involved
Kindred and kine. The Twelve now particularly seek
Kindred of the 14th and 15th generations, since some
of them display occult insight into Cainite Jyhads. The
Twelve never find clear evidence of an Antediluvian's
will driving events, but they do uncover many schemes
by other elders.

INVENTORY THE SUPERNATURAL

The Twelve accept it as given that the
Antediluvians influence their childerand theirchilder's
childer. They also know that creatures other than
vampires walk the night: Lupines, ghosts, spirits, mor-
tal wizards, faeries and so much more. Do the Ancients
manipulate them as well? Some Inconnu fear they
may. Although the Book of Nod largely dismisses the
other supernaturals, the Twelve do not ignore them.
They do not want their terrible ancestors blindsiding
them by working through non-Cainite instruments.

Some Inconnu hope to exploit other supernaturals
themselves. The fury of the Lupines gives pause even
to elder Cainites. Ghosts spy upon the world, unseen
and unknown to any except the Giovanni and a few
other necromancers. Mortal mages wield powers so
diverse they defy classification; and other supernaturals

aarrer Four: Te Roans To Hunepoara (PLoTLNES)

103


possess their own dangerous powers — dangerous, the
Twelve hope, to the Antediluvians and their minions.

Such speculations are neither new nor un-
common among Cainites. Most Kindred,
however, lack the time or the power to replace
speculation with research. The Twelve have more
time on their hands than they want. Some of
them could find a supernatural inventory a pleas-
ant diversion.

As always, finding supernatural creatures is a
challenge in itself. All the various supernatural
races practice their own versions of the Masquer-
ade, and their affairs seldom intersect with those
of Cainites in any case. The Twelve had centu-
ries, though, to test legends and follow up leads.
If they really want to learn about mages, Lupines,
ghosts or other strange denizens, they've had
time to do so.

Real people, supernatural or not, seldom de-
liver long soliloquies explaining the basic
principles of their society or activities — stuff the
people around them already know. Long-distance
magic or Discipline use, however, might prompt a
supernatural to break secrecy and explain himself
to a mortal companion, or write a discursive essay
for a new member of their kind... something one
of the Twelve could spy on or steal. Indeed, why
do so many vampires feel the need to write such
disquisitions and lay out their secrets?

Even long-range snoops like the Danika or
Pentweret need minions to pursue some investi-
gations. Those of the Twelve with outside
influence can send hapless mortals or Cainites
into encounters with other supernatural races,
while other minions watch what happens. A cote-
rie could find itself serving as either bait or a
recorder, perhaps without knowing it. The Twelve
could dupe a coterie into a dangerous encounter
and then question them about the result.

HARASS THE TREMERE

The Cainites who joined the Inconnu before
their entrapment all hate the Tremere. The
Usurpers murdered their guru Saulot and have
threatened their fellow Inconnu. The Warlocks
must pay for their crimes.

Once again, the thaumaturges have the most
powerful and direct ways to harass the Tremere.
They are too cautious for direct attacks, but
magical sendings and spirit minions could inter-
fere with the Tremere's own rituals. Spirit-walkers
like Demetrius can spread nasty rumors or im-

plant hypnotic suggestions to make trouble for
individual Tremere or their chantries. Even Bufo
avenges his torture: He possesses animals and
uses them to steal or destroy magical tools, dis-
rupt rituals and convey tips to the clan's enemies.

Tremere characters could become the target
of such harassment. At first, it might seem that
Murphy's Law is working overtime on them.
After a while, though, even the dullest Warlock
could figure out that someone is out to get him.
If the player's characters pursue their own ven-
detta against a Tremere, one of the Twelve might
become a hidden patron. In time, their Inconnu
ally might even offer a more explicit partner-
ship...

ARTIFACT COLLECTION

The Twelve decided to collect magical ob-
jects. Every artifact in their hands was one less
that the Inconnu's enemies could use. When
Gehenna comes, they can distribute their magic
arsenal to their fellow Inconnu for the final
struggle against the Antediluvians. At least, that
was their plan a few centuries ago.

Some among the Twelve still hunt for magic
items. As usual, they need agents to do the actual
work of collecting artifacts and delivering them
to the castle. They might recruit unwitting char-
acters to acquire an artifact. If the pack or coterie
already owns some occult treasure, the Twelve
might send agents to buy or steal it from them.

St ORYTELLER'S OpTION:
CHARACTER AGE

The plot and sample stories for Lair of the
Hidden presume that the characters are neo-
nates, simply because this is the default for
Vampire chronicles. Nevertheless, you can run
this scenario for older Kindred as well. You will
probably need to design your own story to draw
ancilla or elder characters to Hunedoara, since
the sample stories assume characters of low
power and relatively low Status. Once the char-
acters reach Hunedoara, though, most elders
will probably be in much the same position as
the youngest among them, for the Twelve in-
clude Cainites of great age and terrible power. If
necessary, the Storyteller can add a few dots of
Disciplines or other Traits to keep the eldest
Inconnu sufficiently more powerful thana visit-
ing elder. The demon, or course, wields far
greater power than even elders can imagine.

Lark oF THe HippeN

104


SAMPLE PLOT:
THE VENGEFUL
SABBAT DACK

In this sample plot, the troupe consists of a Sabbat
pack. The plot is deliberately simple. After a bishop's
magical murder at one of its ritae, the pack seeks
revenge and a chance to clear their names. The trail of
vengeance leads to Hunedoara.

Any Sabbat will do for this scenario. The story
assumes that the characters dwell in the U.S., but
could just as easily work in Canada, Mexico or any
other country where people have drivers' licenses. The
characters seek the castle of their own volition bec:

ise

one of the Twelve became sloppy and overconfident.
The pack teaches the Twelve the danger of attacking
the Sword of Caine.

THe HOOK: HEARTS ON FIRE

The pack plays host to a visiting bishop who has
won fame for several expeditions around the world in
search of Book of Nod fragments and reminiscences
from Methuselahs. His attendance at a pack rite gives
the characters a chance to impress one of the Sabbat's
rising stars. Other Sabbat come as well, for the same
reason.

Let the players plan the pack's hospitality for the
bishop. You might want to play through part of the
reception. The bishop joins the pack for a Vaulderie.
Inthe middle ofa concluding ritual, however, a mortal
strides into the undead bacchanal and demanding
which one of them is the bishop — asking for the
Sabbat by name.

Before any of the players' characters can act, one
of the visiting Sabbat says, "Fuck you!" and pitches the
intruder into the bonfire. Another Sabbat complains,
"Waste of blood, man." Then the intruder stands up
and says, "Bad mistake, monster." He walks out,
wreathed in flames.

The intruder sees the bishop and heads for him.
The bishop bravely stands his ground. What the play-
ers' characters do is up to them.

The flaming intruder does his best to kill the
visiting bishop. He uses a simple strategy: Grab the
bishop and let the fire do its work. Between Rotschreck
and the intruder's own agility, the characters have
little chance to save the bishop's unlife. Whether they
do or not matters little for the story. At least some
visiting Sabbat burn to Final Death.

Chapter Four: THE RoaDs To Hunepoara (PLOTLINES)
105

Still, this is one man against a pack of Cainites.
Unless the characters all succumb to Rétschreck and
lack the courage to return once they recover, they can
defeat the intruder. If they lack weapons, they can
simply bludgeon the man with whatever large objects
they have on hand.

When the intruder is incapacitated, he loses his
immunity to his own fire. The man screams once and
a jet of fire erupts from his mouth. It briefly coils into
aserpentine shape before it vanishes, leaving the pack
with the intruder's burned corpse.

The ceremony has become a fiasco. True Sabbat
met Final Death, possibly including the distinguished
bishop. Theirarchbishop holds them responsible. Other
Sabbat sneer at them for not protecting their guest (as
if they could have done any better). Abstract justice
might not drive the pack to investigate this magical
murder, but if the characters want to save face they
need to explain the crime and find someone to punish.
Their superiors might not come out and say it, but they
deeply hate the thought of suicidal, magical vampire
hunters with even less concern for the Masquerade
than the Sabbat themselves. If there's one, there might
be others. Anyone who can stop further attacks, and
prove it, could expect rewards from the archbishop.

Tue INTRUDER

The intruder is an athletic Caucasian man with
crew-cut brown hair. He steps into the scene wearing
blue jeans, a T-shirt, a camo jacket and sneakers.
These burn and rip off him in a few turns of combat,
leaving a trail of charred shreds. He also wears a
necklace bearinga golden locket inscribed with strange
characters and the image of a serpent wearing a rayed
crown.
The Intruder
Str 3, Dex 3, Sta 3, Cha 3, Man 2, App 2, Per 2, Int 2,
Wits 2
Athletics 2, Brawling 4, Dodge 4, Melee 2
Willpower 6
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2 -2, -5, Incapacitated
(and dead one turn later)
Fire Aura: 2 health levels of aggravated damage to
vampires, 2 points armor, immunity to fire

THe BACKGROUND

Hill believes that the visiting bishop serves a
Methuselah who, in turn, fronts for an Antediluvian.
The Ventrue sorcerer's reasons do not really matter to
the plot; indeed, the characters might never know
them. Hill decided to murder Hobert and steal his
collection of Noddist artifacts and literature. He spent

several years finding his assassin, an obscure clerk
whose sister was slain by a vampire. (Give the clerk a
name and a home city that fits your chronicle. He
should not live too far from the pack, in a city that's a
center for local government.)

Through dream-sendings, Hill taught the clerk
how to hunt vampires. When he felt sure of his pawn's
loyalty, Hill called the clerk to Hunedoara to receive
agift: a talisman that placed a spirit of fire within Jeff's
body for one hour. The Ventrue's dream-sendings
directed the clerk to the Sabbat gathering and the
bishop. Meanwhile, a completely unrelated pawn
robbed the bishop's haven while he and the rest of his
pack were out.

Hill regrets that his assassin dies, but consoles
himself with the good that the clerk does in ridding the
world of careless Cainites and an Antediluvian's agent.
Had the clerk escaped the confrontation with the
Sabbar, the fire-spirit would have left his body without
harm. Burning the clerk to death was a safety measure
to prevent the Sabbat from interrogating him. Unfor-
tunately, Hill does not appreciate how much ofa paper
trail modern people leave behind them.

THe Line: INVESTIGATIONS

The second phase of the scenario takes the pack to
Hunedoara. As the characters seek the bishop's real
killer, they attract the attention of another Inconnu
who covertly goads and assists them.

THe TALISMAN

The golden locket provides a clue to how the
intruder attacked, if not why. The little golden case is
obviously a talisman of some sort. With a successful
Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 6), a character
can translate the writing on the case. The words are
GBRYAL (Gabriel) HELIOSRA SRPhM (Seraphim).
The crowned cobra represents the Uraeus, the destroy-
ing eye of the Egyptian sun-god Ra, or possibly the
angelic order of Seraphim, whose name means "Fiery
Serpents." The locket looks like a typical Gnostic
amulet from the early centuries of the Common Era,
mixing elements from different religious and magical
traditions. If someone pries open the case they find
charred flakes of parchment and residue of scorched
blood. The parchment is normal for a Gnostic amulet;
the blood is not, and clearly indicates Cainite manu-
facture. Any sorcerer can tell automatically that a
powerful thaumaturge made the talisman: Few Cainite
sorcerers would dare invoke sun-gods and angels of
fire.

Lame oF THE Hien

106


WuHo tHe Hert Was THAT?

The first step in solving the bishop's murder con-
sists of finding the intruder's identity. Fortunately, this
is not difficult. The intruder carried his wallet and the
leather partly protected his ID. Parts of the man's
driver's license remain unburned, giving the pack a
sequence of seven numbers.

If the characters lack Necromancy or other means
to interrogate the dead, the pack must seek his identity
through mortal records. The Department of Motor
Vehicles does not usually assist the undead in after-
hours detective work, but the characters can break in
or simply Dominate a clerk into helping them. (They
can also hire a detective, but other Sabbat will mock
them for depending on juicebags.) If the players them-
selves come up with a reasonable plan to find the
information, no dice rolls are necessary. Otherwise,
finding the intruder's identity at the DMV calls for an
Intelligence + Investigation roll (difficulty 6).

If the roll succeeds, the characters can pull the
records of everyone whose driver's license includes the
crucial seven numbers. The intruder's hair color and
age narrow the list of candidates down toa manageable
few. From these, the pack can easily find the man they

want through simple legwork: Who's still alive?

Eventually, the characters find the intruder's name.
The DMV records also give his date of birth, address,
social security number and every other bit of informa-
tion one could need to follow a person's paper trail. To
find how and why the intruder attacked them, how-
ever, the pack needs to dig deeper into his life.

THe INTRUDER S$ APARTMENT

The intruder lived in the state capital (ora provin-
cial capital or other center of local government). The
clerk rented a modest apartment and worked as a clerk
in a department that records gifts and donations to
politicians and their election campaigns. (Storytellers
may substitute some other obscure bureau if that seems
more appropriate for the setting of their chronicle.)
The pack can break into his apartment with little
effort: Wits + Security (difficulty 6) to pick the lock
without the neighbors noticing. Resourceful charac-
ters may also find other ways into the apartment, such
as stealing the manager's keys.

Next, the characters search the apartment for
clues. A simple success on a Perception + Investiga-
tion roll (difficulty 6) turns up these clues:

¢ Asketchbook of clumsy drawings of angels, fiery
serpents, vampires baring their fangs, other people,
buildings and signs, along with names, addresses and
page number references. The last portrait shows the

murdered bishop, with his name written underneath
and "This is the one" underlined.

© Several pop-occult books about dream interpre-
tation, as well as standard books about vampires such
as Melton's Vampire Encyclopedia and Summers' The
Vampire in Europe and The Vampire: His Kith and Kin.
The intruder's meager bookshelves do not hold any
books on other occult topics.

© An English-Romanian phrasebook.

¢ The Lonely Planet tourist guide to Romania
(latest edition). Scraps of paper mark the pages with
train schedules and car rentals. Warrick underlined
the train schedules from Bucharest to Sibiu to
Timisoara. On the map, he circled a little town called
Hunedoara.

¢ A series of crudely carved wooden stakes, a vial
of holy water and a cross.

¢ A framed photo of a dark-haired young woman.
The family resemblance to Jeff is obvious. The frame
bears five deeply-cut notches.

Famity, NEIGHBORS, CO-WORKERS

If the characters investigate the intruder's back-
ground, they find he doesn't have much of one. Each
datum listed below requires a simple success on a Trait
+ Investigation roll (difficulty 6) anda halfway reason-
able plan for seeking the information.

¢ Family. Intelligence + Investigation. The
intruder's parents divorced when he was young. His
father lives in another state. He readily says that his
son phoned him at Christmas every year but that was
their only contact. The intruder's mother died six
years ago; the newspaper obituary says lung cancer. His
sister died four years ago. The obituary does not give a
cause of death but says that her brother hopes her soul
finds peace.

© Neighbors. Charisma + Investigation. The
people in the neighboring apartments did not know
the intruder very well. The characters hear "He kept to
himself' a lot. No one can name any friends the
intruder may have had.

© Co-Workers. Charisma + Investigation. Other
people who worked at the State Disclosure Commis-
sion remember the intruder as a nice guy who didn't
talk much about himself. A rather nice (and tasty)
middle-aged lady remembers that Warrick advised
people several times not to walk anywhere after dark
because of muggers and "crazy people," and to stay
away from certain bars and clubs. The lady also recalls
the clerk mentioning that for his two-week vacation
he would visit Romania because "He wanted to see
where Dracula came from, ha ha."

Cuarter Four: THe RoaDs To HuNEDOARA (PLOTLINES)

107


© The Rack. Each bar or nightclub that the clerk
warned against is part of the city's Rack. Even without
the hint from the intruder's co-workers, characters
with Streetwise might want to question the local
Cainites.

Given a little patience, the characters can locate
some of the local vampires. No one knows the in-
truder, but they know his sister became a vampire five
years ago and disappeared four years ago. Since then,
three more Cainites have vanished, including the
sister's sire.

RROMANIA AND HUNEDOARA

The pack has every reason to believe that the
intruder flew to Romania and visited Hunedoara.
Tourist guides hardly mention the town. Encyclope-

STORYTELLER's OpTION: You' REONA
MIssION FROM Gop

The characters' visit to Hunedoara may be more
important than the characters realize. If you want, it
can bea linchpin of Gehenna. In that case, God —
orsomeone,at least — sends unsubtle hints that the
coterie's current mission holds transcendent signifi+
cance. The fate of the world rests on their choices.

THe Rep STAR

A few years ago, a strange Red Star appeared in
the skies of the World of Darkness. Only characters
with Auspex can see this star. The Red Star has
grown steadily brightér since it first appeared, until
now itshines as brightly as Venus. As the characters
drive or ride the train toward Hunedoara, the Red
Star seems to move before them. If they approach.
from the east, they see the Red Star setting in the
direction of the town. From the west, they see it
rising over the town, to stand high and bright when
they arrive.

While in the castle, all Cainites can see the Red
Star, whether they have Auspex or not.

THe STREET PREACHER

On a city street or in an airport, the characters
pass a revival preacher who harangues the crowd
and passes out pamphlets. He catches sight of the
characters and shouts to them, "Where will you be
on the last day? Where will you stand on the night
of judgment?" The preacher's gaze suddenly sharp-
ens. "Remember, brother," he says, "the Devil has
no power except what you give him. Saving one soul
from the Devil is as great a deed as saving the world."

dias and other reference sources say the town was
named after John Hunyadi and that it used to include
a castle, now destroyed.

Travel is always somewhat awkward for Cainites,
but the trip to Romania and Hunedoara presents no
special difficulties. Once in town, the characters can
easily find rooms in a hotel or obtain lodging in
whatever manner suits their tastes.

The pack cannot find any Cainites in the small
town. Nor can they find evidence that Cainites ever
did dwell in Hunedoara. The town doesn't have a
Rack. Determined investigators can, however, find
confirmation that the intruder visited. The concierge
at a hotel recognizes his picture (after $5 or Cainite
powers jog his memory). After all, the sleepy industrial

THe HyMN

The characters tum on the radio and find that the
tunersomehow got shifted toa religious station. Instead of
the news, traffic report or music they wanted, they hear:

Once to every man and nation,

Comes the moment to decide,

Inthe strife of truth with falsehood,

For the good or evil side.

If the characters don't have a radio, they can
hear the hymn from a radio carried by a passerby.

MIsCeLLANEOUS IMAGES

Storytellers can draw less obvious portents from
the more obscure miracles of Jesus and the cryptic
images from the Book of Revelation. In each case,
players need a successful Intelligence + Academics
roll (difficulty 6) to catch the reference.

¢ A fish with a coin in its mouth (Matthew
17:27).Someone could find such a fish at a restau-~
rant or market while a character passes by.

e Water turned to wine (Luke 2:1—10). A char-
acter could hear acustomer ata restaurant or outdoor:
café complain that he ordered water but received
wine.

© The woman clothed in the sun (Revelation
12:1). Aewoman who wears a dress or blouse printed
with sunburst designs.

© Seven lamp stands (Revelation 1:12), seven
trumpets (Revelation 8:2), seven golden bowls (Rev-
elation 15:7). Characters could see these in show:
windows.

¢ White, red, black and pale horses (Revelation
6:2-8); Farmers in rural Romaniastill use horses now and
then. Characters could see these four horses in a field.

LAR oF THE HIDDEN

108


town seldom receives visits from rich Americans. The
concierge remembers that the clerk booked a room for
a week. He spent most of the first three days in his
room. Hespent half the fourth day hiking, then checked
out that afternoon, three days early. Did you ever hear
of such a thing? Americans, they're crazy!

MAINTAINING INTEREST

The pack may feel tempted to give up from the lack
of obvious leads. Hill's sire, mentor and rival Cret
notices the pack, however, and uses a brief ritual to
learn their business. The old Ventrue decides to use
the pack to embarrass his childe. Cret makes sure the
pack stays in Hunedoara. Any time the action lags,
Cret provides events to hold the interest of the Sabbat
— and the players.

© Gunmen. A man with a gun in his hand bursts
in on a character and opens fire. Their assailant falls
unconscious if the characters do not kill him outright.
When the man regains consciousness, he does not
remember what he did. Any Cainite familiar with
Dominate can recognize the signs of possession.

¢ Burn Down the Haven. Cret sends a seraph to
ignite the pack's temporary haven. He does not want
the characters destroyed, so the fire-spirit attacks just
before dusk, when the characters are about to wake up
anyway, or just before dawn, when they are bedding
down but not yet in their daily torpor. The characters
get a chance to see the winged serpent of living flame
— just like the one that erupted from Warrick's body.

¢ Dire Warnings. If the characters prove particu-
larly dense, Cret supplies a hint in the guise of a
warning. As he attacks, one of the possessed gunmen
intones, "Depart from this place! If you continue to
seek my haven, you will find only your doom!" Cret
does not actually guide them to the castle, though.

Sabbat who try to find Hunedoara Castle face the
same challenges as any other Cainites. Once they find
their way past its veil of concealment, the fun really
begins...

THe SINKER: MEETING
THE TWeLve

If the characters attack the castle or try to sneak
inside, the demon responds firmly but not fatally. It
slaps the characters around with Arms of the Abyss
(Obtenebration) and Horrid Reality (Chimerstry) until
someone thinks of knocking on the front door. As long
as the characters remain polite to the servant who
answers the door, the demon treats them as guests
rather than attackers... no matter what they did five
minutes before. The demon defends the castle as the

Pact demands but it does not want to destroy the
characters outright: It recognizes the pack as potential
liberators who can free it from its bondage.

No matter what business the characters give as
their reason to visit the castle, Danika receives them
graciously. She looks very grave as the characters
describe the attacks upon the slain bishop and them-
selves. The countess declares that the affair is no
concern of hers, but if the pack can find their attacker
within the castle, they may assess whatever compensa-
tion they choose. They may not, however, demand the
Final Death or torpor of their attacker. Everyone in the
castle is her guest and she does not permit guests to
destroy each other. Danika assures the Sabbat that
they are completely safe as long as they attempt no
harm to anyone in the castle. "My castle holds no
danger... except what you may have brought your-
selves." With that quelling pleasantry, the countess
excuses herself and prepares to watch the fun.

If the characters described the flame-serpents that
attacked them and the bishop, Danika knows that
Cret or Hill is to blame. She wants to see how the pair
try to hide their responsibility and foist the blame onto
each other. The countess' honor forbids her to help the
characters, but she dearly hopes they find who at-
tacked them. Little would please her more than to see
the proud Ventrue sorcerers chastised by vulgar neo-
nates. She intends to support whatever compensation
or humiliation that the Sabbat choose, as long as it
does not interfere with renewing the Pact.

Wuopunnir?

Danika keeps her word. As long as the characters
do not harm anyone in the castle, they may go any-
where and speak to anyone, though she cannot demand
that anyone answer their questions. The rest of the
Twelve also see the pack's investigation as grand
entertainment. They too realize that Cret and Hill
must have sent the seraphim, but they do not want the
"game" to end too quickly. Various Inconnu realize
that they can humiliate rivals by framing them as the
attackers. Thus, some of the Inconnu lie to the pack in
hopes that the characters demand compensation from
one of their enemies. Cret and Hill, of course, accuse
each other of the attacks, hoping to deflect the blame
for their own assault on the pack.

If the characters (and players) have no idea how to
investigate, Pentweret advises them. The Setite does
not tell them whodunnit (though his magic can easily
reveal the truth). Nor does he give the characters a
step-by-step guide to ask questions, sift for inconsisten-
cies and test theories through further questions. The

Crarrer Four: THe Roaps To HuNEDOARA (PLOTUINES)

109


Setite prefers to drop hints through questions of his
own. For instance, Pentweret would not say, "Only
Cret and Hill could make the sort of talisman you
describe." Instead he would say, "That talisman isn't
like my Egyptian magic. I don't put parchment in
lockets, I engrave gems. I wonder what tradition does
make talismans like that?" And then he would refer
the characters to the castle's library. If the characters
grow impatient with Pentweret's oblique hints, the
Setite suggests that the characters can only trust the
answers they find for themselves. Anyone who offers
them a complete answer and accusation might be
trying to frame someone else, no? By helping the
characters, Pentweret shows off his own moral superi-
ority — and keeps the pack from accusing him.

Before too long, The Twelve move from slander to
bribery. Some of them — as many as the Storyteller
thinks appropriate — offer favors if the pack will finger
an enemy as their attacker. Once the characters realize
that either Cret or Hill attacked them and the bishop,
the two Ventrue offer the greatest bribes of all. These
two master thaumaturges can give the characters ex-
traordinary magical treasures and services, if only they
will blame someone else.

WEREGILD

The rest of the Twelve gladly support whatever
accusation the pack makes in the end. Cret or Hill
plead for mercy: Hill on the grounds that the slain
bishop served the Antediluvians, while Cret claims
first that he merely sought to protect his childe, and
that he actually wanted to draw the characters in to
punish his childe. Anyone else accused merely insists
that the Sabbat have the wrong Cainite, and that Cret
or Hill is to blame. If the characters accuse Danika
herself, she takes this as an insult to her hospitality and
orders the destruction of the entire pack. Some of the
Twelve needle her for the breach of trust, but the Sclav
obeys her. Both Cret and Hill join in carrying out her
sentence. For anyone else, though, the other Inconnu
restrain the accused elder so the pack can impose
whatever punishment they choose — short of Final
Death or torpor.

PRict OF VENGEANCE

The characters may reject Danika's offer of a
weregild and try to punish Cret, Hill or whoever else
they think attacked them and the bishop. They can
even recruit others among the Twelve to help them if
they conceal their actual intent to kill their target.
Methuselahs become easier to kill when you have the
help of other Methuselahs.

Lair oF THe Hippen

110


Once the pack murders one of the Twelve, the
others panic. The Inconnu feel they must punish the
pack, but they also need a replacement Cainite for the
upcoming ceremony of the Pact. One may survive but
the others must be destroyed. The remaining 11 chal-
lenge each Sabbat to justify why he or she should
become the replacement instead of meeting Final
Death. If the pack escapes, the Inconnu try to fetch
them back, but the elders may act too late. The
characters may never know what desperate measures
the Twelve attempt to forestall their doom... or if they
succeed.

If the characters trust Danika's promise of justice,
the pack may still trigger the group's destruction. For
instance, a truly humiliating punishment could prompt
an Inconnu to commit suicide as a spiteful way to
revenge himself upon the others. The accusations and
frame-ups could escalate to the point where one of the
Twelve frenzies and attacks another, triggering the
retributive aspects of the Pact and incapacitating at
least one of the Cainites. Again, the Final Death or
torpor of any among the Twelve throws the remaining
Inconnu into a full-blown tizzy that the Sabbat might
not survive. The Storyteller must decide for herself
exactly how events spiral out of control... but that is
another subject, discussed later in the chapter.

VARIANT STORIES

Storytellers can easily adjust the Vengeful Sabbat
Pack storyline to suit other Cainites.

© Camarilla: The characters' coterie receives a
chance to host an Elysium in honor of a visiting
dignitary such as an archon or a primogen from an-
other city. Ifthe coterie does not volunteer to solve the
supernatural murder, their prince assigns the job to
them — or would they rather make expiation directly
to the slain guest's superior? The nearest Tremere
chantry also "encourages" the characters to investi-
gate since the Tremere do not want anyone blaming
them for the murder.

¢ Anarch: A coterie of anarchs probably lacks
powerful superiors who would push them to solve the
crime. In this case, the murdered Kindred must be
someone close to the characters. Consider making the
victim a mortal companion or relative of a coterie
member, so the characters have the strongest personal
motive to seek revenge.

¢ Independent clan: Assamites, Giovanni and
Followers of Set have clan hierarchies that could hold
acoterie responsible for a luminary's murder. Gangrel
and Ravnos require motivations of a more personal
nature, but both clans also have a reputation for close

mortal connections. A mortal relative's murder could
start a character on the road to Hunedoara with her
coterie's help.

SAMPLe PLotT:
CoTEeRIE FOR HIRt

In this sample plot, the characters receive a job
offer from a mysterious patron. In return for collecting
body samples and information about other Kindred in
their area, they receive cash, forecasts of the future and
guidance in their own affairs. In time, they may learn
that they work for two of the Inconnu — which is not
necessarily a good thing.

This scenario works best for characters who do not
feel any strong sect loyalty but operate on the fringe of
the Camarilla or Sabbat. In the Anarch Free State, the
coterie's covert employer could seek information about
anarch group leaders or the mysterious Cathayans
invading the West Coast. For this example, however,
we assume that the coterie consists of Camarilla neo-
nates. The scenario also assumes that the characters
hope to gain more wealth or influence in the sect. This
is also a more elaborate plot that the one before, with
a few subsidiary stories of its own.

The sample plot includes a few sub-stories based
onassignments from the coterie's mysterious employer.
If you don't storytell "Coterie for Hire," feel free to
extract these subplots and work them into otherstories
or use them as freestanding scenarios. "The First Job"
provides a model for detective-work stories, while
"Too Rich for My Blood" presents a miniature tale
about a Cainite artifact of awful power.

THe Hoox:Jos OFFER

As one of the characters goes about his normal
nightly business, a man ina brown suit coughs, tips his
hat and says in an Eastern European accent, "Excuse
me, sir." (Or madame, as the case may be.) "I seek...
ones such as you... who have ambition and the will-
ingness to work. My card." The man proffers a business
card printed with a name, Dobos, and a handwritten
phone number. "The rewards are most great. If you
would like a job, please call me tomorrow evening. An
hour after sunset, perhaps? If not, please give my card
to someone who does. | am in town for another few
nights." The man bows and walks away.

The scene occurs in a crowded, public place such
as a street corner, subway or shopping mall. Trying to
detain Dobos, either physically or using supernatural
powers, would attract attention.

Caarter Four: Tre Roans To Hunepoara (PLoTuNEs)

Mt


The phone number is easy enough to trace. It's forthe
Contessa Hotel, whose Yellow Pages ad helpfully men-
tions its reasonable weekly rates, its location downtown

and its proximity to hospitals. The characters are sure to
contact Mr. Dobos if they follow his instruction and call
an hour after sunset. He invites them to set a time for a
meeting so they can hear his job offer in more detail.

BACKGROUND CHECK

The characters may want to investigate Dobos
before they meet him. He stays at the Contessa until
midnight, when he leaves for two to four hours. After

he returns he stays up until 5 A.M., then goes to bed.

Breaking into Mr. Dobos' hotel room is no great
challenge, since the hotel has no security system and
you can slip the locks on the rooms with a credit card
(Dexterity + Security, difficulty 5). Searching the
room turns up a Romanian passport, three full hospital

blood bags and two empties in the room's mini-refrig-
erator, anda notebook with several pages of Romanian
writing. If the characters copy the pages (easy enough;
acopy shop three blocks away stays open until 1 A.M.)
and find someone who reads Romanian, they find that
Mr. Dobos has the names and descriptions of several
local Kindred, including the character he accosted,

and the names and locations of the city's Racks and a
few other undead hangouts.

The hotel staff gladly talks to characters who offer
themat least $10. Mr. Dobos is very eccentric, sleeping
until the afternoon, receiving a hooker between 9 and
10 in the evening, and then heading out at midnight
to do God-knows-what. He tips well enough, though.
The night concierge thinks that Mr. Dobos must be a
Russian mobster in town for some dirty business. "And
you must be from another gang, checking up on him!
Or... FBI, maybe?" If the characters lay claim to either
identity, the manager or attendant unlocks the door to
Dobos' room for them.

Asthe staff says, a prostitute comes to Dobos' room
between 9 and 10, and leaves an hour later. She does
not talk unless the characters threaten her or offer
money. She does not know Dobos; her pimp sends a
girl over every night and this night, it's her. Dobos has

great stamina, is stronger than he looks, and he bites.

MeetinG Dosos

Mr. Dobos prefers to meet at the hotel dining

room. He grudgingly accepts a meeting in some public,
well-lit place such as an all-night restaurant. He re-
fuses to meet at a character's haven or anyplace else

La oF THe Hippen

112


away from lots of people. If the coterie can arrange a
meeting, he gives the terms of their employment.

The Romanian wants them to find the mortal
birth date of a local Kindred, the location of her birth,
the date of her Embrace, the names of her parents and
the name of her sire. In return, Dobos promises to pay
them $2,000 each, plus expenses. If they can obtain a
lock of the Kindred's hair or a smear of her vitae, he
pays another $1,000 each. Dobos wants the informa-
tion in three weeks. If the coterie can do this, discreetly,
he may have other jobs for them with much greater
rewards.

The characters might ask Dobos to tell something
about himself. He says he's from a Sighisoara, in
Romania. He's a ghoul acting for his master, who
cannot travel due to his responsibilities. Dobos says his
master wants the information as part of a project to
trace the activities and influence of his chief rival, an
elder in the Sabbat — a private Jyhad that does not
directly concern most Kindred in the city, and perhaps
not any. The Romanian regrets that he cannot impart
his master's name, but promises that his master will
pass along any secret Sabbat connections he discovers,
which the coterie may reveal or exploit as they will.

Mr. Dobos does not willingly say anything more. If
the characters threaten him, he calmly says that physi-
cal or psychic violence against his person nullifies the
job offer and makes his master the coterie's enemy. In
any case, Dobos believes everything he said. He con-
ceals only two important bits of information: that he
reports to his master in Hunedoara, and he has never
actually seen his master.

THe BACKGROUND

Anastazi Ruthven and Abdalkutba formed a part-
nership to gather information and sympathetic links
on Kindred in other lands. Once Abdalkutba knows a
Kindred's times and places of birth and Embrace, he
gains virtual omniscience about that Cainite's past
and current activities, plus flashes of knowledge about
her future. (Sire and mortal parents do not matter for
the Assamite astrologer; they help to disguise the real
goal of the characters' investigation.) The two also
hire the coterie to obtain exotic substances that the
thaumaturges need for their rituals. The two Cainites
trade the information, body relics and ritual compo-
nents to Cret, Hill, Pentweret and Danika, so they can
target the distant Kindred with their magic and con-
duct their own manipulations and inquiries. The two
Inconnu collect various favors in return.

As usual with domitors, Anastazi considers Dobos
thoroughly expendable. The ghoul does good work
and Anastazi would regret the need to replace him —

but he does consider the possibility that he may sacri-
fice his loyal servant. Anastazi keeps samples of Dobos'
hair and blood. If he believes that Dobos is compro-
mised, one of the thaumaturges can repay a boon by
slaying the unfortunate ghoul from a continent away.
The ghoul cannot say much in any case: He does not
know his domitor's name, appearance or location, only
that he serves a great and shadowy power. They com-
municate by walkie-talkie, while Anastazi collects
Dobos' collected data and delivers his monthly dose of
vitae by possessing the body of a wolf. Anastazi be-
lieves he has left no loose ends for an enemy to trace
back to the castle. The characters may find a chance to
prove him wrong.

THe Line: TAKING
CARE OF BUSINESS

In this phase of the story, the coterie performs a
series of jobs for Dobos. A Storyteller could easily
extract these smaller stories from the main plotand use
them in other plots where the characters work for the
Twelve.

Support One: THe First Jon.

Storytellers should choose a moderately powerful
Kindred as the characters' assigned target — preferably
someone who already appeared in their chronicle. One
of the local primogen would work very well, so long as
the target character is not so old that the coterie has no
chance tofindher vital and post-vital statistics. A fellow
neonate is probably too easy a challenge, while an elder
Embraced centuries ago in another country presents too
many difficulties, at least in the three weeks that Dobos
allots. An ancilla is about right.

If you have not done so already, come up with a
background for the Kindred whom the coterie investi-
gates. This subplot assumes that the character's quarry
was born in a rural county sometime in the 19th
century and was Embraced later that century in a city
where the player's characters have no connections.
Any city and rural county will do; just make sure that
you pick places that existed long enough ago for the
target character to live there.

As Storyteller, insist that your players themselves
come up with a plan to uncover their quarry's post-
vital statistics: This is a challenge to their ingenuity.
Neither you nor we can prepare for every possible
scheme that your players may evolve, but we can
suggest some of the simpler strategies that are more
likely to succeed — or fail.

¢ Ask the character. You can't get any simpler
than this. If the characters come right out and ask their

Charter Four: THE Roaps 0 HuneDoarA (PLOTLINES)

113


quarry the date of his birth, his Embrace, and the
names of his parents and sire, the ancilla becomes
extremely suspicious. He's been a vampire long enough
to know that such background checks often occur as
part of searches for blackmail information. He tells the
coterie that he doesn't tell his unlife story to neonate
scum. The next night he recommends them to the
city's sheriff or scourge, who starts hassling the coterie.

If the characters ask for a sample of the ancilla's
hair, or cannot find a way to obtain a bit of hair, nail
clippings or vitae without the Cainite knowing, he
assumes they work for Tremere who wish him harm. In
that case, he cashes in boons to have the prince order
their expulsion from the city.

A character skilled at conversation could wheedle
useful bits of information from their quarry. The ancilla
does not normally pal around with neonates, but he
does not snub characters who find a plausible reason to
talk to him. For instance, a character with street
connections might say that he heard a rumor about
stolen merchandise that he thought might come from
the ancilla's business, and maybe they could do some
kind of deal? Even though the ancilla says that, no, the
stolen goods couldn't have come from his business, it's
an opening toask about more personal subjects suchas,
say, relationships with sires.

¢ Ask about the character. If the characters are
on reasonably good terms with any other Kindred, an
acquaintance knows what city the ancilla came from.
The accomplice can also ask around for someone who
heard the ancilla recite his lineage. This information
costs the coterie only the smallest of favors or boons, to
the accomplice and to the accomplice's informant...
to the accomplice for the information, and to the
informant for not telling the ancilla about the coterie's
interest.

Once the characters know their quarry came from
a particular city, they can visit that city and ask
around. This involves presenting themselves to the
city's prince, coming up with a plausible excuse for
their visit, and more favor-trading with the city's
Kindred. The Sabbat destroyed the ancilla's sire some
decades ago, but other Kindred remember the
character's Embrace and can give the approximate
date. They also remember that the ancilla took a new
name after his Embrace, but no one remembers the
name he used in life.

© Old newspapers. The city's university library
holds complete runs of the local newspapers from the
19th century. The characters can search the obituaries
until they finda drawing or photo of him. From this the
characters can learn the ancilla's original name and

date of mortal death. This takes a lot less time if the
characters already know their quarry's approximate
date of mortal death, of course, but the characters
cannot fail if they persist in their search. In one night
the characters can search through five years' worth of
newspapers.

© Government records. Various government build-
ings hold records from the 19th century. Patient
searching and a successful Intelligence + Academics
roll (difficulty 7) turns up records from the ancilla's
life. The players receive one roll per night of search.
They must accumulate five successes to find the town
of their quarry's birth, a little town in a rural county.

The government clerks do not normally let people
spend all night in the state archives. We leave such
covert access as a challenge to the players' ingenuity.
The government buildings possess standard security
systems: Dexterity/Perception + Security (difficulty 6)
to overcome.

If the players tire of legwork, the government
records include the ancilla's date of birth and the
names of his parents. If not, send the coterie on to the
courthouse in the county of the ancilla's birth. The
county courthouse holds the birth records, but the
town is small enough and rural enough that the coterie
faces a new challenge: Lupines. If the characters want
to spend a night rummaging though country court-
house records, they must escape at least one Lupine
and dodge other Lupines who search for the invading
Leeches.

If the coterie presents Dobos with the information
he wanted, the ghoul pays as promised — and the
characters have certainly earned every dollar. If the
characters also obtained a sample of the ancilla's body,
Dobos also pays the bonus he promised. Then he asks
if they would like some more jobs on similar lines... but
with better pay.

SuBSEQUENTJOBS

If the coterie accepts, Dobos sets them to compile
background dossiers and collect body relics from other
Kindred in the region. Since playing the same story
over again is boring, the Storyteller must give each job
a new twist, or maybe two. For instance:

© Dobos wants information and a body relic from
a Sabbat bishop instead of Camarilla vampire.

© The one Kindred who possesses the necessary
information demands that the coterie steal something
of great value from another Cainite. The informant is
so sufficiently powerful and well defended that forcing
her to talk seems as dangerous as robbing the other
vampire's haven.

Lair oF THe Hiden

114


Indeed, by the third or fourth such "job" you prob-
ably should not devote much game play to Dobos'
assignments. Leave most of the actual investigation as
downtime. Instead, use themas an excuse for the coterie
to travel and encounter new situations. For example:

¢ The coterie arrives in a new city right before a
roving Sabbat pack attacks. If the characters do not
help drive out the Sabbat, the city's Kindred will
accuse them of complicity in the attack.

¢ A mortal informant realizes what the characters
are and changes his price: He wants the Embrace. Do
the characters grant him the "immortality" he seeks? If
they do, he runs wild, flaunting his undead powers.
The characters must protect the Masquerade and hide
their own role in the childe's siring — princes declare
blood hunts over situations like this.

Now and then, Dobos also hires the coterie to
obtain rare substances such as tiger whiskers, wood
from lightning-struck trees, children's dropped teeth
or opalized fossils. He may ask for distinctly dangerous
materials, such as Lupine blood or human pineal
glands robbed from funeral parlors (before embalming,
please) or city morgues.

As the jobs become more challenging, Dobos offers
higher fees. He pays in information as well as money.
After the second job, he tells the characters that their
first quarry turned out not to be part of the plot his
domitor feared, but his master found some other inter-
esting information. Dobos then tells the characters
something scandalous from the ancilla's past: That the
Cainite betrayed an elder to the Sabbat, for example.
The payment for the third job includes information
about what other Kindred in the coterie's city plan to do.
The characters might turn this advance information to
their profit; for instance, investing in the prince's com-
pany just before it buys out another business for a
ridiculously low price (thank you, Kindred mind tricks)
and the stock value soars. As Dobos feeds them more
and more information about the secrets and schemes of
the city's Kindred, the characters can gain a lot more
influence than usual for neonates.

THe SINKER: TAHE THIS
Jos Anpd SHove It!

For a while, the characters' arrangement with
Dobos works very well for all concerned. Sooner or
later, the characters must wonder how Dobos' never-
named master gains his information, and what he
really does with the body relics and post-vital statistics
they collect. Any character with even minimal occult
knowledge realizes that samples of hair and blood

suggest sympathetic magic, while the names and dates
suggest astrology, numerology and other forms of divi-
nation. Certainly, they work for a Cainite sorcerer.
Dobos' story about Sabbat and rivalry between elders
is patently flimsy. As long as the coterie profits from
their employment, though, what do they care about
their employer's true goals?

Eventually it all goes wrong. The characters might get
greedy and demand more money, information and other
favors in return for their service. Curiosity or paranoia may
drive them to pump Dobos for information about their
mysterious employer, to the extent that the partnership
becomes awkward. Then again, the characters could de-
cide not to risk a good thing. In that case, the Storyteller
must take a more active hand and show the coteries the
dangers of unlife as agents for a hidden master.

Suppiot Two: Ban ASsocIATIONS

One of the Inconnu thaumaturges believes that a
Cainite in the characters' city secretly serves an Ante-
diluvian or endangers his plans in some way. Sometime
after the coterie investigates that Kindred for Dobos,
she disappears. Other Kindred were nearby; perhaps
the victim just left an Elysium or the Rack. Many
Cainites suspect foul play, and rightly so. A curse or
minion swiftly destroyed the target Kindred.

Within a few nights, some astute Lick wonders
aloud, "Say, weren't those neonates asking a lot of
questions about so-and-so several months ago?" Very
soon, the characters' past inquiries become the talk of
the town's Kindred. Other Cainites examine the
coterie's deeds — including any recent victories or
gains in influence — for sinister meanings and, of
course, find them. The prince would have words with
the coterie and sends the sheriff to collect them. The
characters need to come up with a darn good alibi...
and in a world of dark supernatural powers, it's really
hard to prove you didn't and couldn't do something.
Some of the city's other Kindred now view the coterie
with naked suspicion. Other Cainites want to know
how the characters eliminated the victim and promise
the characters boons if they would similarly eliminate
certain other Kindred.

At this point, the characters may want to ask Dobos
what they've gotten into. Dobos responds by telling
them that they are certainly free to quit... and forfeit
any protection his master extends to his servants.

Suppiot THree: Too RicH FoR My BLoop
The agreement with Dobos could break down
because he hires them to obtain something that turns
out to be so valuable they don't want to give it up.
Alternatively, the object could seem so palpably dangerous

(Cuarter Four: THe Roaps 10 Hunepoara (PLoTLINES)

115


that the characters would rather see it destroyed —
they wouldn't trust anyone to own it. For another
option, gaining the object might require the characters
to take actions so morally objectionable that they
rebel. For this sample subplot, we provide an item that
fulfills all three conditions: the Seal of Veddartha.

Dobos tells the characters to recover a fragment of
a Sumerian clay tablet from Charles Wheatley, a
collector in the small town of Greenhill, Massachu-
setts. Dobos promises them $50,000. If they find that
Wheatley does not own the tablet after all, he still pays
them $1,000 each if they can bring back information
on the tablet's whereabouts.

Greenhill is one of those creepy ancient back-
woods hamlets that H. P. Lovecraft made so infamous...
except Greenhill is gentrifying. The gambrel-roofed
colonial homes show recent renovation as weekend
cottages for the well-to-do. The repairs continue on
the decaying, many-gabled mansion, soon to become
the Greenhill Arms Olde Tyme Bed and Breakfast.
The characters' quarry lives in a large, neo-colonial
home on Green Hill itself, overlooking the brush-
filled Devil's Hollow. Despite its sinister name, Devil's
Hollow is completely harmless.

Charles Wheatley himself is a real estate million-
aire. Greenhill's renovation is his idea. His house has
an excellent security system (difficulty 8 to bypass) and
the vault that holds his collection of Mesopotamian
artifacts has another one (difficulty 8 again). The
Sumerian tablet, however, is not in the vault. Charles'
daughter Hope wears it every second, day or night, on
a chain around her neck. Hope looks like a pale, thin
girl of about 10 years old.

The shard of baked clay bears some cuneiform
characters and a stamped band of tiny figures. Anyone
who can translate the Sumerian writing finds a name
— Veddartha.

Charles owns an automatic pistol. He fights to the
death to protect his daughter and to keep the tablet
hanging around her neck. He shouts that his daughter
will die without the tablet. Hope resists, too. She resists
with Dominate 5, Fortitude 5, Potence 5 and Presence
5. She is a ghoul, though she has never tasted vitae.

The clay fragment holds the signature of the
Ventrue Antediluvian, orat least one of that creature's
better-known pseudonyms, writ by its own hand and
touched by its own vitae millennia ago. The Seal
converts human blood into vitae and passes it to its
bearer, who becomes a ghoul. The bearer also reads
and speaks fluent Sumerian and gains two dots of
Disciplines every year, up to the ratings listed for Hope.

Charles feeds the Seal one point of his own blood every
month. Without the Seal, Hope would have died 10
years ago from AIDS. Just as Charles warned, Hope
collapses once the tablet leaves her body. She dies a
few minutes later, and not prettily. Charles can't help
her anymore (if he still lives) because a few seconds
after the Seal leaves Hope, he stiffens, raises his gun to
his mouth, says, "Help me" around the barrel, and then
blows his brains out.

Valuable? The coterie easily finds Charles' notes
on how to feed and use the Seal. It works for Kindred,
too: The wearer instantly gains one dot in two Disci-
plines (preferably ones the character does not already
possess).

Frightening? Charles obviously killed himself un-
der some mental compulsion. Vampiric artifacts that
leave suicides behind them should scare the vitae out
of any sensible Cainite. In case the characters are not
sensible, have the new ownerstart writing in Sumerian
and talking in accents not his own: The Seal slowly
possesses its wearers.

Morally objectionable? The characters kill a little
girl to gain the Seal. Humanity checks all around,
please.

If the coterie returns without the Seal, either
because they leave it with the Wheatleys, they destroy
it or they decide to keep it, Dobos becomes angry. He
demands to know what happened. No matter what the
characters say, Dobos remains suspicious. Within a
week, the coterie suffers attacks from the Twelve.
Several Inconnu really wanted a magical link to the
Ventrue Antediluvian....

If the characters hand over the Seal, Dobos pays
them as he promised. Within a week, the Twelve
attack anyway. The coterie was too close to an
Antediluvian's power: They may have succumbed to
it. At the very least, they become a potentially danger-
ous loose end.

Unner ATTACH

The Storyteller might want to skip one or more of
the subplots above and move straight on to an attack.
A magical attack from the Twelve can happen because
the characters fell out with Dobos and, by extension,
his master Anastazi. A group of the Twelve might
attack the coterie simply to spite Anastazi or
Abdalkutba. Whatever the reason, one of the
thaumaturges launches a curse at one of the characters.
How? Through the months of their association, Dobos
acquired their birth and Embrace dates, and collected
stray hairs and such from their havens. He passes those

Lark oF THE HippeN

116


on to his master as well, which means any of the
Twelve might gain magical links to the characters.

For a variation, one of the thaumaturges might
decide to cut out Anastazi and Dobos and work with
the characters directly and does it by possessing one of
the characters. The target character spends a few
nights as one of the Twelve. Afterward, he does not
remember what he did for those nights.

We recommend that you select a player who you
think would enjoy playing her character as possessed
by someone else... without knowing who that some-
one else is. Then pick one of the Inconnu sorcerers as
the possessor, devise a goal and direct the player to
draw in the other characters as best she can.

We recommend that Storytellers treat direct at-
tack asa last-ditch way to prod characters into looking
behind Dobos. Keep it in mind as an option, though,
if the players insist on trusting the ghoul and letting
themselves be used.

Tue TRUTH Apout Dosos

Nothing can persuade Dobos to tell the characters
how he found them, who his master is and what his
master's goalsare. The coterie must compel him through

Disciplines or torture, or successfully follow him back
to Hunedoara.

¢ Disciplines. Dobos is just as susceptible to
Dominate and Presence as any other ghoul. Auspex
Telepathy mostly picks up angry thoughts about what
his master will do to the coterie. A persistent character
can figure out one significant fact per successful use of
Telepathy, such as that Dobos hires other coteries in
other cities as well, that he flies to Romania every
month for his vitae, and that he's never seen his
domitor. The Mesmerize power of Dominate achieves
similar results; some Presence applications work, too,
though less directly. Because Presence and Dominate
go against Dobos' powerful loyalty to his domitor, the
Discipline-using character must either obtain three
successes on a single die roll or accumulate twice
Dobos' Willpower in successes through an extended
action. Dobos expends Willpower for as long as any
remains to him, to keep from succumbing to the
characters' mind-warping powers.

¢ Torture. Breaking Dobos' will through physical
persuasion requires accumulating twice Dobos' Will-
power through Manipulation + Intimidation rolls
(difficulty 8) or Manipulation + Interrogation rolls
(difficulty 6). Rolling a botch not only spoils the
attempt, it indicates a medical crisis that can kill
Dobos if the characters do not then succeed with an
Intelligence + Medicine roll (difficulty 6).

* Following Dobos. The characters always stay a
step or two behind Dobos because he can travel by day.
After the work they've done for Dobos, however, the
coterie should have developed some skills at dealing
with bureaucracies and records. We suggest you leave
the challenge of following Dobos entirely in the play-
ers' hands: Let them roll dice for "hints" only if they
truly arrive at an impasse.

Dobos travels by plane a great deal. Every week he
goes to another city where he runs a coterie of young,
ambitious Kindred, just like the characters. At the end of
the month, he boards a plane to Bucharest. As soon as he
deplanes, he rents a car from an agency at the airport. In
thecourse of twodays, he drives to the town of Hunedoara.

Dososin HUNEDOARA

Dobos rents a hotel room for just two nights. The
first night, he calls his master ona walkie-talkie and they
arrange a time and place for meeting. They meet on the
second night. Characters who manage to follow Dobos
(Perception + Survival, difficulty 6, to follow him;
Dexterity + Stealth, difficulty 6, to avoid making noise)
see him hike to a forest clearing. A few minutes later, a
wolf trots out of the forest. It wears a collar with a small
cask, exactly like a classic Saint Bernard rescue dog.
Dobos bows deeply to the wolf before he unhooks the
cask and replaces it with another miniature barrel. This
cask holds the post-vital statistics, body relics and other
small items Dobos acquired over the month. As soon as
the wolf departs, Dobos drinks the vitae in his cask. He
then returns to his hotel, where he rinses out the cask.
He starts the drive back to Bucharest the next morning.

Following a wolf through the forest at night is a
much greater challenge than following Dobos. Char-
acters with Shape of the Beast can follow as a wolf or
bat themselves, while characters with Subsume the
Spirit (Animalism) may be able to watch the wolf from
the viewpoint of a bat or owl. Trailing the wolf as an
animal calls for a Perception + Survival roll (difficulty
7). Tracking it without discipline tricks requires three
such rolls at difficulty 8. If a character succeeds, she
sees the wolf (or its tracks) simply disappear. The
character has reached the edge of the castle grounds,
though she cannot know it yet.

See earlier in this chapter for various methods by
which characters could locate the castle.

RecEpTION AT THE CASTLE

As usual, characters who politely knock and ask
for entry are received graciously. The characters im-
press the Twelve with their competence at finding the
castle, as well as their past service as Dobos' agents.
Anastazi explains the entire scheme. Danika deflates

Cuaprer Four: Te Roaps To Hunepoara (PLoTuines)

117


her childe's pride in his own cleverness by pointing out
that he needs to punish Dobos for carelessness. She
also offers the characters rooms for the day, since it
would be churlish to turn them out the very night they
arrived! Indeed, the coterie would do her honor to
accept her hospitality for several nights, as they see
visitors so seldom.... Before the night ends, several
among the Twelve ask the characters to work for them
directly, and cut out Anastazi and Dobos — and the
characters are caught in the intrigues of the Twelve.

VARIANT STORIES

Converting the Coterie for Hire story arc requires
only minor changes to fit anarch or independent
coteries. The story arc does not work so easily for
Sabbat packs, but a clever Storyteller might manage.

¢ Anarch Kindred: Anarchs require very little
change to the plot. They face slightly more challenge
than accepted Camarilla neonates because they have
more difficulty gaining introductions to older Cainites.

© Independent clan: These Cainites likewise carry
few restrictions on their actions. As "neutrals" they do
not receive access to other Kindred as readily as ac-
cepted Camarilla Kindred would, but they are no worse
off than anarchs in this respect. They are also no worse
off than anarchs in the degree of suspicion they receive.

© The Sabbat carries an institutional bias against
accepting mortals — even a ghoul — in a position of
authority, so it would be unusual for a pack to accept
a ghoul as their paymaster. At the very least, Dobos
would need to claim that he works for a Sabbat elder
who wishes to stay anonymous. The characters suppos-
edly assist this elder in background checks as part of a
plan to seek Camarilla infiltrators and traitors. Dobos
also sets them to investigate some Camarilla and
independent vampires.

© Older Kindred, such as ancillae, probably do not
need the cash that Dobos can offer. For a coterie of
ancillae, Dobos advances directly to payment in secret
information about their rivals. This does mean reveal-
ing the power behind Dobos more quickly, though,
which may reduce the mystery and suspense of the story.

MysTtRIES OF
HUNEDOARA

Once the characters arrive at the castle, the story
enters high gear. The characters experience strange
events as they meet the Inconnu of Hunedoara and
discover their secret.

MEEeTING THE TWELVE

Assuming that the characters manage not to offend
anyone within the first minutes of their arrival, the
Inconnu of Hunedoara make them very welcome in-
deed. (Ifthe characters do give offense, the story probably
ends rather quickly and messily; see "Escape from
Hunedoara," below.) The Inconnu receive few guests.
Whether the characters arrive by invitation or as unex-
pected intruders, the desire for new faces and new
conversations soon overpowers any suspicion. After all,
the Inconnu know their own power, and that of the
demon. What could they fear from a few neonates?

The coterie meets 10 of the Twelve almost at once.
Everyone dons their best clothing and their best be-
havior, as they see it. Danika offers the characters their
choice of vessels, while Anastazi marshals the serving
staff for inspection. They seem very much the aristo-
cratic Renaissance pair. Pentweret and Drenis lend an
ecclesiastical air to the evening, dressed in their som-
ber priestly garb. Demetrius and Hill form a pair of
Greco-Roman gentlemen, while Cret looks ready fora
night at the Moulin Rouge. Abdalkutba, Eshmunamash
and Zamra bring a whiff of the Arabian Nights.

After the characters feed, these mighty elders vie for
the honor of the characters' attention and strive to
outdo each other with their glittering conversation and
social graces. Cret the philosopher finds universal prin-
ciples of wisdom in every offhand remark; yet, Demetrius
outdoes him for profundity, though nothing he says
makes the slightest sense after you hear it. Hill and
Zamra lend a lighter air through jokes and songs from
centuries of military camps and the streets of Algiers.
Pentweret adds scandalous bon mots worthy of Oscar
Wilde, and even dour Drenis cracks a smile. Danika
insists that the coterie tarry at the castle, so that she may
repay the boundless joy their presence brings.

Before the night ends, though, alert characters can
tell that these people do not like each other as much as
they pretend. Little clues give it away. The assembled
Cainites flash quick glances at another Cainite while
making a remark, and the slightest tightening of lips or
eyes in response. For instance, Eshmunamash intro-
duces the group as Inconnu, and Zamra's eyes narrow
the tiniest fraction. Danika says that a powerful en-
chantment hides the castle from danger, and everyone
glances briefly at Cret. Each player rolls Perception +
Etiquette (difficulty 8). On a success, the character
senses that every remark carries layers of unspoken
meanings and associations for these elder Kindred.
The Inconnu of Hunedoara know each other very well
indeed, but they do not like each other.

LA oF THE HIDDEN

118


Noone mentions Mahtiel, Bufo or the demon to the
characters. Those secrets come out soon enough, though.

THe SpECcTRAL MAIDEN

Introduce Mahtiel some time after the coterie's first
night in Hunedoara. This particular subplot works best
if the coterie includes a handsome, athletic male char-
acter whocould remind Mahtiel of her lost love, Rothriel.
Any male character will do, though: As she sleepwalks,
Mahtiel sees the world through a veil of dreams.

The first character to meet the Ghost of Hunedoara
should be alone at the time, to create maximum
uncertainty in the other characters. As the chosen
character walks through the castle halls, he turns a
corner or enters a room and finds that he is no longer
alone. A woman with short, honey-blonde hair, dressed
in archaic leggings, tunic and quilted cloak, walks
past... no, through the character. If the character
follows the spectral maiden, she walks to a spot on the
castle drawbridge, falls to her knees and silently sobs
for a moment, then vanishes.

Noddist characters may recall the sign of Gehenna from
the Chronicle of Secrets: "Mark the maiden who weeps..."

EVASIONS

No one at the castle wants to talk about the
apparition. Lady Danika says that ghosts are not un-
known in castles with long and tempestuous pasts. She
does not waste her attention on them. Drenis confirms
the presence of ghosts but says they seldom appear
visibly. Ifasked, the others merely tell the characters to
ask Danika; it's her castle, after all. The servants
likewise suggest that the characters refer their ques-
tions to the countess, but they look more nervous
about the whole matter.

No one will say what's so special about the place
where the phantom weptand vanished, either. Anastazi
completely loses his cool and almost shouts, "Nothing
happened there! This is not important, and no con-

cern of yours!"

Using their Disciplines — or simple intimidation,
charm or bribery — the characters can force one of the
older servants to tell what little he knows. The servant
admits that he has seen the apparition himself. His
masters do not speak of her, but she too is a Cainite.
She does not walk about in the flesh, though, only as
an intangible spirit. When he was young and new to
the castle, an old servant told him that the Maiden
wept for her dead lover. After all, what else would a
ghostly maiden weep for? None of the servants know
the maiden's name, or that of the hypothetical lover.

Crarter Four: THe Roaps To Hunepoara (PLOTUNEs)
119

INVESTIGATION

The castle holds clues about the spectral maiden's
identity, if the characters think to search.

The servants know that the Maiden appears most
often in the hallway near Demetrius' quarters. The
maids who clean the rooms know that Demetrius'
chambers include a locked door that they never pass.
No one has seen the door open at all. The servants'
most popular speculations about what lies beyond
Demetrius' door say either that the Malkavian keeps a
fantastic treasure in the locked room, or else that he
props up the corpses of victims he slew, and talks to
themas if they were still alive. One of the maids swears
that while she dusted Demetrius' room, she heard him
talking in the locked chamber, though she could not
understand what he said.

The castle's library holds two handwritten copies
of the Journals of Rothriel. One is the Salubri warrior's
original diary; the other, a copy made by Demetrius.
Both are in Greek. With a successful Intelligence +
Academics roll (difficulty 6), a character who does not
know Greek can still puzzle out the first page, where
Rothriel writes out his lineage. Rothriel's diary also
contains several portrait sketches. One shows the

spectral maiden with the name "Mahtiel."

If the characters dare, they can break into the
Inconnus' private chambers to look for clues. The
locks are the best the 16th century had to offer: A
character can pick them with a successful Intelligence
+ Subterfuge role (difficulty 6). Anastazi's chamber
holds a translation of the Journal of Rothriel into Latin,
if that's any help. Demetrius' room holds a curtained
ivory miniature of the spectral maiden clasping hands
with a handsome man. Both of them wear armor. The
locked chamber, of course, holds Mahtiel's catafalque
and torpid body.

Dream Visits

Characters who hang around near Demetrius'
chamber or the drawbridge may encounter her wan-
dering spirit again. Cainites who read the Journal of
Rothriel may dream of the two lovers, and so attract her
notice. Mahtiel ignores the characters unless one of
them calls her by name or tries to attack her.

Mahtiel's response depends on the character's
appearance and her current dream. Ifa character looks
even remotely like Rothriel, she calls him by that
name and tries to embrace him. Of course, her arms go
right through him. Mahtiel stares at the character in
horror, then fades away.

If a character acts like he attacks her, Mahtiel's
expression hardens. Suddenly she is dressed in armor

and carries a sword and shield. A blazing red third eye
opens on her forehead — and suddenly the character
finds himself armed and armored as well. He also
stands at a moonlit crossroads. The warrior-maiden
lunges at him with her sword.... The Salubri has
sucked the unsuspecting character into Dream Com-
bat. See the Appendix for details of this potent Valeren
power. If the character cannot convince Mahtiel that
he is not really her enemy, the Salubri warrior quickly
reduces him to stupor. To other characters, the spec-
tral maiden merely seems to glare at the character with
that horrid third eye.

Any other circumstance is up to the Storyteller's
whim. Mahtiel meta lot of Kindred and kine in her life
and unlife. Any character could remind her of someone
from her past: hersire Ezrael, aslavemaster, the church-
man who blessed her sword, anyone. This is an
opportunity for the Storyteller to pass on information
about Mahtiel's past and, perhaps, the destruction of
the Salubri clan long ago.

After this, Mahtiel notices the characters and
visits each one as she dream-walks. She can enter the
characters' dreams, too. During the day, a character
might dream an episode from Mahtiel's past such as her
meeting with Ezrael, her passionate union with Rothriel,
a battle at his side against demons, or the nightmare
race to Hunedoara only to find him slain.

In describing these scenes, be sure to describe
without explaining the reasons for the scene. For
instance, in a dream of reaching Hunedoara to find
Rothriel destroyed, merely describe the sensations of a
horse galloping through the night, a glimpse of
Hunedoara against the moonlit sky, a feeling of dread,
and then overpowering grief as the character — play-
ing the role of Mahtiel — sinks to her knees beside a
pile of dust.

Mahtiel may also accost a character during the
night, to draw him intoa replay of ascene from her past.
She is most likely to pull a male character into a replay
of her love affair with Rothriel. Without warning, the
character finds himself somewhere else, with Mahtiel
acting as if he is someone else. When the dream ends,
the character sees Mahtiel walk through a wall or
disappear. These waking dreams can seem to last an
hour or more while just a minute or so of real time passes,
leaving the character even more disoriented.

Tue Fuit Story

If the characters present any of the Twelve with
part of Mahtiel's tale, they can persuade him to tell the
rest. Drenis is especially easy to convince: The tragic
love story agrees with the Cappadocian's gloomy view

La oF THE HIDDEN

120


of life and unlife. Of all the Twelve, however, only
Anastazi and Danika could give a first-hand account of
Rothriel's destruction.

TOAD INTHE HOLe

Bufo does not declare himself to the characters
either, not even toa clanmate. The Nosferatu prefers to
skulk about, Obfuscated all the while, watching them.
His mastery of Obfuscate is such that only Abdalkutba
cansee through his psychic concealment. The Assamite
sees everything the Nosferatu does — but then,
Abdalkutba sees everything everyone does. He does not
reveal Bufo's secrets any more than he gives up anyone
else... which is to say, not unless the price is right.

The coterie meets Bufo soon enough, but does not
know it because the Nosferatu makes himself look like
someone else. He usually impersonates other members
of the Twelve. After centuries of practice, he mimics

their appearance and voices perfectly. Less often, he

impersonates a servant.

The Toad also spies on the characters' dreams —
his gift from the demon. Thus, he watches any dream-
encounters with Mahtiel or any other peculiar and
significant dreams the characters may have.

Since Bufo's impersonations are physically per-
fect, characters can only infer when they've spoken to
the Nosferatu instead of who they thought. Although
Bufo knows a great deal about the Twelve, he does not
know everything. More importantly, he does not see
and hear most of the characters' conversations with
the other Inconnu, and they do not know what the
Toad says to the characters. Thus, a character might
refer to a past conversation, only to have the Inconnu
in question say, "Huh?" Bufo might also slip up and
miss a reference to a past encounter between a charac-
ter and another of the Twelve, or mention something
that a particular Inconnu could not know (because it
happened while Bufo impersonated a different elder).

Bufo holds no animus for the coterie, or at least no
for the rest of reality. He does not

more than he fee
want anything from them except to fool them, learn
their secrets and humiliate them.

Before long, he tries impersonating the characters,
too. He causes petty mischief such as insulting one
character while disguised as another, or committing
some rude and embarrassing act in front of the Twelve.
If any of the characters are lovers, he tries to imperson-
ate one of them to fool the other — but he may slip up,
since he hasn't studied the characters for centuries. For
such cases, the Storyteller should roll Bufo's Manipu-
lation + Performance (difficulty 7) to see how well his
Mask of a Thousand Faces impersonation works. Then

Yyg

Cuarter Four: THe Roaps To Hunepoara (PLOTLINES)

121


roll Perception + Empathy or subterfuge for the target
character, to see if she spots the imposture. (You may
want to bring the player of the character Bufo imper-
sonates into the plot, so the other players do not
immediately know that something is fishy.)

The others among the Twelve know that Bufo
commits these pranks, though only Abdalkutba knows
how often. The coterie most likely learns of the Toad's
existence when one of them seems to have committed
some horrible gaffe that he doesn't remember, or one
of the Twelve has harassed the coterie in an event that
he doesn't remember. The Inconnu trade annoyed
glances and sigh or growl "Bufo." Then they explain
about the Nosferatu in the basement, who is not
suitable for polite company.

DREAMS OFTHE DEMON

The demon does not declare itself openly. It commu-
nicates through dreams and illusions that the characters
may mistake for Mahtiel's work (or vice-versa), while it
hides its nature as well as Bufo ever could. It cannot act
directly to wreck the Pact and destroy the Twelve, but it
can nudge the characters in that direction.

COMMUNICATIONS

Talking to the demon is not difficult. It sees and
hears everything that happens on the castle grounds. It
does not read minds exactly; it reads souls. That means
the demon knows every passion and desire felt within
its walls, but it must ask questions to gain more detailed
information.

The demon talks to corporeal beings through a
variety of channels. In its most secret communica-
tions, it speaks directly to the target's soul without
words, in the language of pure promise and desire. You
just know that if you name your desire in your heart, it
will hear and understand. More often, however, the
demon communicates through visions. It can shape
dreams or induce hallucinations at will, which no
creature less powerful than itself can resist. When the
demon uses words, it speaks through a dream-figure of
someone the characters knows. It might take the form
of the character's mother, another coterie member,
one of the Twelve, a favorite fictional character, the
character's reflection in the mirror — anyone, really.
If the characters aren't sure how many Kindred dwell
in the castle, it might even claim to be an Inconnuthey
have not yet encountered in the flesh (which is almost
true, in a way).

iE et's MAKEA DeaL
The demon shows itself bit by bit. The characters
surely have questions about their hosts. The demon

sends dreams that show the past of the Twelve, or at
least something close to the truth. It does not provide
context. For instance, characters who wonder what a
Follower of Set is doing at the castle might dream of
Pentweret apparently torturing Vanth... without an
explanation that Vanth asked for it as part of her
doomed, last-ditch effort at Golconda. The demon
tries to pick scenes that cast the Twelve in the worst
possible light. It may even reveal flashes of the sacrifi-
cial rite— just enough to make the characters nervous,
without giving them a complete explanation. The
demon wants the characters frightened and suspicious
of the Twelve.

If a character asks a question aloud, even rhetori-
cally, the demon takes the opportunity to impart
information while sowing discord. When the person is
alone —so there are no witnesses — the demon sends
a vision of one of the Twelve. Through this dream-
persona the demon offers to answer the question... but
first the character must perform a little service. It
always asks for something that provokes strife among
the Twelve, and it always asks the character not to
speak of the deed to anyone else. Typical tasks include:

¢ Take something from Cret's room, such as a
volume of Saulot's parables or an engraving tool that
Cret uses in scribing talismans, and hide it in Hill's
room. The Demon might make this request in the form
of Hill, and claim that the object is something Cret
borrowed and isa few years late in returning. Cret soon
notices the loss, demands to know who took it, and
then performs a ritual to locate the missing item. A
tremendous row results between sire and childe.

¢ Wreck one of Anastazi's gadgets, such as the
radio or phonograph. The demon makes the request in
the form of Danika, claiming that she despises her
childe's love of newfangled machines but does not
want to cause a scene herself. Anastazi is furious and
accuses Pentweret of destroying his toy; the others
know how much the Setite dislikes Anastazi's modern-
izing efforts, and accuse him of trying to "challenge"
the Tzimisce's love of gadgets. "Believe what you
want," the Setite says, and stomps off.

Ifthe character confesses his role in whatever deed
provoked the row, Danika applies a modest punish-
ment, mitigated by the honor of the confession. She
has the Sclav rip off and eat just one of the character's
limbs. The character's statement about who put him
up to the deed inspires further arguments and recrimi-
nations. The Twelve include several Auspex-masters
who can read minds, or Dominate adepts who can
force a younger Cainite not to lie, so they can verify
that the character believes he tells the truth. Unfortu-

Lair oF THe Hipoen

122


nately, they cannot force the truth from each other so
easily.

If the character abides by the demon's conditions,
the fallen angel does reveal the truth... again, possibly
taken out of context to place one or another of the
Twelve in the worst possible light, but never actually
false. The characters can learn a great deal about the
Twelve if they are willing to continue sparking rows
among them. They can even learn that the castle's
warding depends on a yearly human sacrifice to a
demon, due to happen soon.

ATTRACTIONS OF THE INCONNU

At first the mysteries of Hunedoara may not seem
dangerous. On the contrary, the castle may seem like
a wonderland of opportunities.

Anyone who seeks Golconda soon learns that the
Twelve offer a surfeit of mentors. Some of the Twelve
met Saulot himself and they all spoke with his arch-
disciple Mokur. A seeker can also read the parables of
the two sages. The chance to teach again (and perhaps
return to the path themselves) could stir an Inconnu
from the weary rounds of spite and despair. That isn't
necessarily a good thing, since it also sets up the elder
for renewed disappointment.

Thaumaturges, or would-be magicians, also find
potential tutors in three different schools of sorcery.
The thaumaturges among the Twelve can also supply
potent magical wonders to their employees. The castle
libraries hold a fantastic trove of occult lore amassed by
the Twelve. Less ethical characters might hope to steal
some of the Inconnu's magical treasures and relics.

Between them, the Twelve know most of the more
familiar Disciplines. Any character might hope for
training from such masters.

Many among the Twelve are willing to take pupils
and employees, too. Maybe a little too willing....

CompeTING OFFERS

The Twelve do not leave the characters to inves-
tigate their mysteries in peace. One elder after another
approaches the coterie to ask, "How would you like to
work for me?" These old and powerful creatures do not
regard this as a yes-or-no question. They merely mean
in what capacity the characters prefer to serve. The job
offer happens most quickly if one of the Twelve actu-
ally lured the coterie to the castle.

The coterie may decide to take one of the offers.
Even trapped in a remote castle, any of the elders in
Hunedoara would make a powerful patron. Unfortu-
nately, accepting one Inconnu's offer makes the coterie
a target for all that elder's enemies.

For the first few nights, the Twelve stay reasonably
polite to the characters. An Inconnu's rival makes a
competing offer, or draws the characters aside to bad-
mouth the prospective patron. He's a crackpot who
will waste the character's time with foolish errands.
She's a welcher who doesn't pay what she promises. I
can make it worth your while to turn him down.
Anything you want to know? Anyone you want de-
stroyed?

Before long, the competing offers become less
genteel. Rivals escalate from slander and bribery to
threats. One elder says she would become most upset
if the characters refused her generous offer. A rival says
the coterie's doubts about his warnings gravely insult
his integrity. The Twelve cannot kill each other, but
they can kill each other's agents. If the characters do
not choose a patron and leave the castle quickly — or
find a way to distract the other Inconnu — the castle
can become their tomb. None of the Twelve take
rejection well. Refusing all the job offers, or stringing
everyone along, can test the characters' diplomacy to
the limit. On the other hand, brave or foolhardy
characters might push the Twelve to their limits and
spark open war between them.

EscApE FROM HUNEDOARA

The characters may decide that no prize or patron-
age could be worth the danger of staying at the castle.
The Inconnu of Hunedoara are too powerful and too
unstable. If the characters foolishly attacked one of the
Twelve, they might find themselves running for their
unlives. Discretion, as they say, is the better part of
valor, and running away is the better part of discretion.
The coterie soon finds, however, that getting out of
Hunedoara is easier said than done.

THe DEMON

The demon does not want the characters to leave
—not before they doom its jailors. It can turn the veil
of concealment inside-out so that anyone who tries to
flee turns about and finds himself entering the castle
grounds again.

Departing the castle against the demon's will
requires stratagems like those used to enter. The char-
acters can penetrate the Obfuscate veil if they act
without volition: either not controlling their motion
at all, or in blind panic or frenzy. They can evade the
demon's mental influence if they guide their steps
through infrared night-vision gear, radar or some other
detection method unknown in the 15th century. A
character who Obfuscates himself, however, does not
slip out the veil. That works only to get inside.

Carrer Four: Te Robs To Hunepoara (PLOTLNEs)

123


If the characters do manage to leave the castle
grounds, the demon incites the forest creatures against
them. From night-prowling wolves to the rats of
Hunedoara town, the characters face attack any time
they stop moving for more than a few minutes.

THE SCLAV

The demon also sends the Sclav to prevent escape.
The demon knows what the characters think, so any
time the coterie scouts the boundaries of the castle
grounds they find the Sclav looming out of the night
mist, ready to shepherd them back: "Guest lost. Sclay
help. Good Sclav." If the characters actually try to
escape, though, the demon brings Bad Sclay to the fore
and assigns the characters as the monster's prey.

THe Twerve

The greatest danger, however, comes from the
Twelve themselves. The demon's reach extends per-
haps a dozen miles from the castle. The Twelve can
pursue the characters to the ends of the earth, though
not quickly.

Whether the Twelve do this depends on their
previous interaction with the coterie. If everyone has
stayed polite and nobody's nefarious scheme requires
the characters right away, the Twelve face a security
breach but not a crisis. Eshmunamash, Cret and Hill
have all spoken to the characters at some length; they
use their Presence to Summon characters back to
Hunedoara. This may take several nights, especially if
the coterie contains more than three characters, but
they have time. The Inconnu may plan merely to erase
the characters' memories of Hunedoara... but other
events can get in the way and force a crisis. Effectively,
the characters are back where they started, except the
Twelve explicitly treat them as prisoners.

If the characters gave the Twelve any reason for
fear or anger, the Inconnu react more vigorously. For
instance, Sabbat characters might see the captive
elders as a diablerist's all-you-can-eat buffet and try to
invite all their Sword of Caine buddies to dinner. The
thaumaturgical resources of the Twelve must surely
tempt any Tremere character. Camarilla archons,
meanwhile, could find the Twelve's long-range ma-
nipulations, robberies and assassinations a danger to
their sect. Any characters might flee the castle to
escape sacrifice — and above all, the Twelve don't
want that shameful secret to get out. If the characters
actually slew one of the Twelve, or goaded one to
suicide, the remainder will do anything to bring the
coterie back, and worry about the Masquerade later.
They need every potential replacement pacter they

can find... and if that fails, at least they can take
revenge before the demon drags them to Hell.

Justas the Inconnu can extend their power to draw
characters to Hunedoara, they can reach forth to affect
anyone who endangers their secret. A threat to their
secrecy and survival can prompt the Twelve to set
aside their grudges and work together. Indeed, a com-
mon peril briefly restores the camaraderie they once
felt. Anyone who threatens the Twelve finds at least
six elders trying to kill him. The characters are unlikely
to survive the onslaught for long.

¢ Abdalkutba: The Assamite vizier lacks raw
force, but he possesses knowledge. Woe to any charac-
ter who let the astrologer cast her horoscope:
Abdalkutba can anticipate her every move and tell the
other Inconnu where to find her.

© Anastazi Ruthven: Danika's weasely childe
wields nowhere near the power of his sire. As a
thaumaturge, he can do little but assist Danika.
Anastazi, however, knows more about the modern,
outside world than most of the Twelve. Ina grand hunt
against fugitive characters, Anastazi unexpectedly
shines as the one who knows how to mobilize mortal
resources. He has a bank account. He directs servants
such as Dobos to hire private detectives. Over the
decades, the Tzimisce built his own network of infor-
mants and agents in Hunedoara and nearby towns. He
could expand it if he tried.

¢ Bufo: In many ways, the wretched Nosferatu is
the weakest of the Twelve, but he can still send out his
spirit through his Beast Walk power: from a bat flitting
through the woods around the castle to a dog in town,
to a crow the next day, to a stray cat in Bucharest...
Bufo has never found a limit to how far he can go, or
for how long. While the Nosferatu cannot muster the
raw power of some other elders, he is patient and can
harass the characters from unexpected angles — espe-
cially when Cret or Hill supply talismans for his animal
hosts, or when Anastazi or Zamra tell him how to
disconnect power lines, set fires, guide police to where
the characters hid one of their kills.

© Cret: The mightiest thaumaturge of the Ventrue
clan commands demons, elementals, and a host of
other spirits. His scrying magic can follow his enemies
anywhere in the world, ifhe has a suitable sympathetic
link — and he made sure to collect a hair or fiber of
clothing to use as such a link. His will can turn any
passerby into an assassin. As mentioned, he can also
simply Summon characters back to the castle. Cret
prefers not to kill innocent bystanders... but he can
rationalize it. Given a week or two, he and Hill can
enchant talismans for mortal hunters. He also knows

Lair oF THE HIDDEN

124


powerful curses such as the Platonic Split, Soul Dis-
junction and Whips of the Erinyes.

¢ Danika Ruthven: The Lady of Hunedoara
fully equals Cret at long-distance magical attacks, at
least with elemental forces. She dispatches Storm
Hounds to slay characters with lightning, and does
not care in the slightest how many innocent by-
standers die with them when their plane crashes or
their haven burns down. She knows a variety of
other ghastly curses as well, such as Drowning in
Earth, which Pentweret can direct from afar using
his magical portraits.

The countess also commands the Sclav. If she has a
sympathetic link toa character, she magically transports
her vozhd to slay him — leaving awesome destruction by
a perpetrator who vanishes into thin air.

¢ Demetrius: The spirit-walking Malkavian has
no way to affect the physical world, but he can still use
his Dementation in his Psychic Double form. Aside
from direct attacks on characters, he can madden,
delude and derange the people around the characters
to use them as weapons.

© Drenis: If the Cappadocian priestess knows
the general location of the characters, she can
reach them by possessing convenient corpses.
Drenis might not wield much raw power while
using Corpse Projection, but can harass the coterie
by mundane means. She can also recruit her ghostly
friends to search for the characters and attack
them with their spectral powers.

¢ Eshmunamash: The old Brujah healer not only
Summons characters back to Hunedoara, he can also
inspire other people with murderous hatred for them.
He needs the help of other Inconnu to find likely
agents, though, since his Compel Passion power works
only on people he has met or to whom he has some
other connection. He can mobilize anyone who ever
visited the castle, though.

¢ Hill: Cret's childe cannot equal his sire as a
master of spirits; he actually needs mortal agents to
work his will. Nevertheless, Warrick was not his only
dream-guided agent, and Hill surpasses his sire at
military planning. Hill activates other servants, each
gifted with a variety of talismans, to hunt his foes, ifhe,
Cret and Eshmunamash cannot simply Summon the
coterie back to Hunedoara.

© Mahtiel: Of all the Twelve, the Salubri is
least likely to hunt fleeing characters, or even to
notice them. If any character read the Journals of
Rothriel or Demetrius' mystical works, however,

that link might guide the Dreamer of Hunedoara to
them — and the others could follow her wandering
spirit. If the others make the Salubri aware of the
danger the coterie poses, she can engage them
through Dream Combat.

¢ Pentweret: Like the other thaumaturges,
Pentweret attacks through sendings of spirits and other
minions. He specializes in living statues, and damn the
Masquerade. If any character let the Setite draw his
portrait, Pentweret uses it to send curses from himself
or any other thaumaturge. His own most powerful
curse is A Surfeit of Serpents.

e Zamra: Given a threat to her own survival,
the Lasombra commits her extended family to the
hunt. The Twelve gain all the mortal legwork they
need to track the characters, as well as minions with
any mundane skill that seems desirable. The
thaumaturges can also arm Zamra's descendants
with magical devices.

Escapinc Dursuit

Characters can prevent the Twelve from pursuing
them in several ways. None of them are easy or pleas-
ant.

* Characters can beg one of the Inconnu with
Dominate to erase their memory of Hunedoara and
send them away. Cret, Hill or Zamra might do this if it
would annoy a rival.

© Characters can try to deceive the Twelve into
thinking that they accept their job offers, and persuade
them that they do not need magical oaths of obedi-
ence. Good luck: These creatures are very old, very
perceptive and very suspicious.

© Get help from the Tremere or other powerful
thaumaturges. Given a bit of luck, the coterie might
find a sorcerer who knows a ritual that cuts the char-
acters from any sympathetic links held by the Twelve,
and shields them from Summoning. Naturally, the
coterie's benefactor expects repayment proportional
to the task of saving the characters from the vengeance
of 12 elders. This is called "out of the frying pan, into
the fire."

© Set the Twelve against each other. Once they
start killing each other and the deadman-switch curses
start going off, the Inconnu of Hunedoara do not
survive long. If any of them survive the domino-chain
of revenge, the demon takes them soon enough.

¢ Interrupt the Pact's renewal. The demon solves
the coterie's problem for them. We leave it to each
Storyteller to decide how long after the coterie's ar-
rival the Pact's renewal takes place, but it is not long.

Charter Four: THe Roads To Hunepoara (PLorunes)

125


'
STORYTELLER S$ OpTION: THE DROXY

This plot begins after the characters arrive at the
castle. Until then, the characters seem to follow one
of the other plots — but that story conceals. a deeper
plot. Actually, one of the Twelve stage-managed the
earlier story as part of a scheme to escape the Pact.
Indeed, the scheme began long before any of the
characters became undead.

Before you storytell "The Proxy," examine the
players' characters to see which of them most re-
sembles one of the Twelve. Which ones come from
the same clans as the Twelve? Do any of them have
any similar events in their backgrounds? For in-
stance, was any character a soldier like Hill, a rape
victim like Drenis, or medically trained like
Eshmunamash? Do any characters share Natures or
Demeanors with any of the Twelve?

Now consider which one of the Twelve you
could alter to resemble a player's character even
more closely. You can add or subtract incidents from
their past to increase the similarity. In particular,
think about ways you could make an Inconnu's
Embrace more like that of a player's character. You
might even change the Inconnu's clan, if that does
not force major changes to the elder's Disciplines.

You end up with an Inconnu whose unlife and
personality parallels one of the players' characters. That
elder becomes the prime mover of The Proxy, while
that player's character becomes the principle victim.

Tue Hoon: Lurep TO HUNEDOARA

One of the Twelve believes the Pact has a
loophole: Itneverspecifies anyone by name. Instead,
it refers to individuals by circumlocutions such as
"blood and soul." This Inconnu reasons that ifhe can
create a Cainite who duplicates him, in blood and
soul, he can foist the Pact onto that vampire and go
free. All of the Twelve know that replacement can
happen through diablerie. That solution is obviously
not acceptable to the Inconnu who wants to escape.
He must ensure the victim's similarity by every other
means possible — to produce a mystical twin.

This Inconnu, henceforth-called the "princi-
pal," spent a long time searching for mortals who
resembled him, preferably anactual descendant from
his mortal family. The principal manipulated the
mortal's life to make it more like his own (within the
limits set by centuries or millennia of historical
change, of*course.) He even arranged the mortal's
Embrace, into his own Cainite bloodline if possible.

This character — one of the players' characters — is
his proxy for the Pact.

The principal finally decides to reel in the proxy.
He does it using one of the other plotlines. If the
principal happens to be one of the Inconnudescribed
as driving that story, well and good: If not, substitute
the principal for one of the other Inconnu or decide
that one of the Twelve acted-at the behest of the
principal to repay various boons.

The principal drops clues if the characters can-
not figure out the way to, Hunedoara. The elder
might plant ideas directly in a character's head —
suitably disguised from the players by asking for
Intelligence rolls (whoever makes the roll retroac-
tively becomes the character targeted by. the
principal). Characters can meet people who know
something about Hunedoara, such asa geologist who
mentions the unexplained seismographic echoes.
Such good fortune may stretch the characters' credu-
lity (not tomentions the players') but as longas they
arrive at the castle, who cares? A desperate principal
can send out a ghoul servant (such as Dobos from
"Coterie for Hire") for the coterie to discover and
follow back to the castle or torture for information.

Ifthe characters lose interest; the principal goads
them on. The Inconnu might arrange attacks the
way Cret does in "The Vengeful Sabbat Pack" by
hiring or Dominating easily defeated thugs. Attacks
by animals are also possible. Mysterious warnings not
to go certain places or do certain things convey
information while assuring characters that they seek
something worth their trouble. As always, you may
assume that if the principal cannot do something
himself, he can cash in boons and hire another of the
Twelve to do for him.

Once the coterie finds its way into the castle, the
true story begins — but still in'secret.

THe Line: DERSUASIONS

For the final stage of his plan, the principal needs
to share his blood and mind with the proxy. This
ritual resembles the Sabbat's Vaulderie, but only two
Cainites take part. It is not actual Thaumaturgy,
though Koldunic Sorcery inspires the rite. All of the
Twelve have had centuries to learn about Danika's
magic, though no-one except Anastazi actually
learned it.

The principal can apply various pressures and
blandishments to the proxy. The elder can offer the

Lark oF THe HIDDEN

126

character a chance to share in his great power as his
agent outside the castle. The principal can warn of
danger from other Inconnu and claim the ritual
provides protection. The principal might even fake
an attack by bribing or deceiving another elder.
Inconnu with Obfuscate can impersonate other el-
ders to warn of dire retribution if the character takes
the offer (nothing like a threat to show what's
valuable...) or impersonate a servant to speak of the
principal's goodness. If the character is already bound
to some other Cainite, the elder points out that the
rite will break the blood oath.

The demon plays along, since this suits its de-
sires. It sends dreams that show the benefits of
working with the elder and hallucinations of the
threat posed by other Inconnu. It caneven create
hallucinatory documents that speak of a past visitor
who used the ritual with one of the Inconnu, to the
benefit of both.

THe Sinker: Bond oF D00oM

The ritual to unite the Principal and Proxy,
blood and soul, takes three nights. The two Cainites
mingle their vitae in a goblet, bless it as they pro-
claim their union into one being, then they drink.

The elder, as the more powerful personality,
dominates the powerful Vinculum established by
the rite. That night, the principal tests the soul bond
by trying to leave the castle grounds. It works!

ReSOLUTION: THE
CRUCIBLEOF GOD

All the mysteries of Hunedoara meet on one
night. Soon after the characters arrive in
Hunedoara, the Twelve either renew the pact to-
gether, renounce it together — or, if they have
begun killing each other, the remaining Inconnu
go to hell together.

Which they choose depends very much on the
players' characters. If the coterie played on the
Twelve's rivalries or joined their intrigues, the
elders destroy themselves. If the characters remain
cautious and neutral, the Twelve may destroy them-
selves anyway, if the Storyteller thinks it
appropriate; the only question is whether they also
destroy the coterie through their infighting. On
the other hand, brave characters could try persuad-
ing the Twelve to renounce the Pact and seek
Golconda once more.

Henceforth, the principal or proxy can leave with-
out breaking the Pact — just not both.

At this point, the elder could simply walk out. —
That's not enough, though. The principal knows
the power of his fellow elders... and the rage they
will feel when they discover he has beaten the Pact.
He decides to wreck the Pact and destroy the Twelve.

Atthis point, the principal can attack the other
Inconnu. He learns that his union of souland blood
does not work quite the way he thought: Retributive
damage does not bounce to the proxy. The damage
divides, so each character takes half. Ah, well,
neither magic, demon pacts or the Curse of Caine
are exact sciences. Still, the elder can murder one
other Inconnuand survive. Final Death fora Cainite.
equals six health levels of aggravated damage: Prin-
cipal and proxy each'take three.

The elder forgot about all the deadman-switch
curses: When one of the Twelve meets Final Death, the
curses he placed on his chief rivals go off. The chain of.
curses eventually cycles back to the elder and his proxy.

At this point, roll a 10-sided die. Ona 1 ora 10,
the curse affects both principal and proxy equally.
Ona roll from 2 to 5, the principal suffers the effect.
On 6 to 9, only the proxy takes the effect. Which-
ever character of the pair dies first, the other comes
under the full force of the Pact again. The destruc-
tion of Hunedoara has begun. .

THe NIGHT OF SACRIFICE

If the characters prevent the Twelve into self-
destructing, but do no more, they attend the yearly
sacrifice to renew the Pact. If they do not already know
it, they learn the price of perfect protection. The price
may come closer to home than they expect.

SETTING THE SCENE

As night falls, the air feels still, heavy and tense,
like right before a storm breaks, though the sky is clear.
The servants gather in the castle courtyard. They seem
dazed. They cannot explain their actions except to say
they are waiting. It's hard to make them talk at all.

At 9 o'clock, the Sclav carries a stone slab out of
the Knight's Hall. It lays the slab on four short stone
legs that Cret slides into position. The slab is carved
with a circle bisected by a line, with rays emanating
from the lower half: A successful Intelligence + Occult
roll (difficulty 8) allows the character to recognize this
as an ancient symbol of the sun after it has set, the
death of light and the power of darkness. No one needs

Chapter Four: THe Roans To Hunepoara (PLounes)

127


yj?

aroll to recognize the meaning of the gutters carved in
the slab, or the iron bowl that Cret places where the
gutters converge to pour off the edge.

One by one, the other Inconnu arrive. Everyone
wears their finest and most formal garb. Demetrius and
Mahtiel are the last to arrive. Phantom no longer, the
Salubri looks as if every second brings her pain. The
Sclay brings a small barrel from the Knight's Hall
while Anastazi kindles a fire in a brazier.

At about 10:00, Drenis moves from servant to
servant. The Cappadocian writes each servant's name
on a handkerchief-sized square of cloth. Then she
pricks the servant's thumb with a bodkin and daubs a
smear of blood onto the cloth. The bloodstained cloths
go inthe barrel. Then she does the same for each of the
Twelve, including herself. At last, she comes to the
characters. All who dwell in the castle must take part
in the lottery.

THe Demon's Cuorce

At 11:00, Cret produces a scroll. He does not
bother looking at it as he intones the words of an
ancient tongue. The tension in the air grows. Charac-
ters do not see the demon, but they feel its presence.
Nothing but a fallen angel could give a sense of such
power, or such terror. At the end, the characters hear
the Power's name: "Nikanuuranu!"

After the invocation, Cret speaks in English for
the convenience of the... guests. He says, "We gather
once more. Last year's blood and souls are here again.
Do we all agree to continue the pact?" He calls each
Inconnu's name. Every one says, "Yes," though some
hesitate and Cret must ask them again. Cret adds his
assent at the end.

"Then we are agreed. Great Nikanuuranu, choose
your sacrifice."

Anastazi reaches into the barrel. He shuts his eyes
and stirs the cloths, then withdraws one. He opens his
eyes and reads the name.

It is one of the players' characters.

Your OwnLottTery

In advance of the session, write the names of
the players' characters on slips of paper. Make four
or five slips for each character, to make a large
enough collection. Smear a little ketchup or red
food coloring on them, to represent the blood.
Place them in a jar or some other container and
mix them up. Draw aslip yourself, or invite one of
the players to take Anastazi's role.

La oF THE HIDDEN

128


Tue Coterte's CHorce

Do the characters go along with the demon's
lottery? This is their last chance to escape Hunedoara.
At this time, and no other night of the year, the
Twelve are too busy to pursue them. If they run before
their names go in the barrel, they can get away. How
long they remain free before the Twelve come after
them... well, that's up to the Storyteller.

Once their names go in the barrel, the Twelve
cannot let the characters escape. They have one hour
to bring the selected character back before the demon
counts the Pact as broken and takes them all. The
demon cannot let the characters escape since it cannot
directly help break its own pact... but it does not use its
power to pull the characters back to the courtyard, as
it could. The Twelve pursue the characters with every-
thing they have and join the hunt themselves. The
characters have one hour to evade 12 powerful elders,
dozens of servants and the Sclav.

All the while, the demon speaks in the characters'
heads. It offers each character his heart's desire if he
surrenders his comrade to the sacrifice. They can join
the Twelve. They can replace the Twelve. They can
have power beyond their wildest dreams.

THE SACRIFICE

Normally, the rite ends with the victim — always
a servant in former years — tied to the altar. Drenis
cuts the victim's throat. The blood drains into the iron
bowl. Cret pours the blood into the bonfire with a
ceremonial phrase of offering in the same ancient
tongue as the invocation. All the cloths from the
barrel follow, to signify that all who dwell in the castle
accept the demon's power over them. As the smoke of
the sacrifice rises, everyone briefly sees a shadow
against the sky, darker than the night and blotting out
the stars, and a great dark hand stretched out in awful
blessing. The demon has accepted the Pact for another
year.

Theservants, still ina daze, return to the castle and
their normal duties. The Twelve scatter as well.
Demetrius guides Mahtiel back to her chamberand her
dreams. The Sclav tidies up: It carries the altar, barrel
and body to the Knight's Hall, licks the altar clean and
eats the corpse of the sacrifice.

ALL Fatt DOWN

This resolution assumes that some of the Twelve
hate each other. Not dislike — hate. At least one
Inconnu plots to destroy the group. That's not so easy
under the conditions of the Pact and all the deadman-
switch curses the Twelve have laid on each other. The

Storyteller must decide who instigates the Twelve's
destruction and who she chooses as the first victim.

Suicime

Atthe furthest extreme of spite, one of the Twelve
can stay up to watch the dawn. Her Final Death makes
it impossible for the others to meet the terms of the
Pact and activates the first deadman-switch curses. In
this case, murderer and victim are the same Cainite.

MurpberR

A cunning Inconnu might attempt murder if he
thought he had a way to escape the Pact and the
deadman-switch curses. That requires a player's char-
acter to serve as an unwitting proxy. If the Inconnu
manages to bind a character as his other self, he soon
attacks the Cainite he hates above all others, as de-
scribed above in "The Proxy." As an alternative, an
enraged Inconnu might attack and destroy a fellow
pacter in his frenzy.

Muroper, Repux

The coterie themselves might destroy one of the
Twelve — probably one of the weaker members such
as Anastazi or Abdalkutba. In that case, the remaining
11 face the double challenge of recruiting a replace-
ment while coping with the deadman-switch curses
left by the coterie's victim.

The only possible replacements are... the players'
characters themselves. One of the Twelve points this
out to the characters and the other Inconnu, which
saves the characters from the revenge of the other
elders. If the characters diablerized their victim, the
survivors draft the diablerist as the replacement. If not,
one of the now-Eleven reveals that he does have a vial
of the slain Cainite's vitae, while one of the Tzimisce
could fleshcraft a character into a body double. No-
body mentions that the plan also requires Cret, Hill or
Zamra to Dominate the character into believing that
he really is the slain Cainite. Trying to fool the demon
this way is a long shot, but it's all the Inconnu have.

The terms of the Pact force the demon to accept a
diablerist as a replacement pacter. Once more, we
leave it to the Storyteller to decide whether the demon
accepts an impostor. Which seems more exciting and
horrific: the doom of Hunedoara, or trapping a charac-
ter within its walls?

Domino THEORY

The Final Death of any one of the Twelve acti-
vates whatever curses she laid on her special enemies.
None of the curses are immediately lethal to such
powerful creatures, but at least one other Inconnu falls

rarter Four: THe Roaps To HuNeDOARA (PLOTLINES)

129


within a few nights. That triggers another round of
curses... and the dominos keep falling.

All this places tremendous pressure on the various
thaumaturges to rescind any curses they placed on
another Inconnu's behalf. This also gives the
thaumaturges a golden opportunity to make the others
grovel over past slights... except these proud Cainites
won't grovel. As the "This is your fault!" recrimina-
tions mount, some Inconnu declare they'd rather die
(again) than humble themselves, and the thaumaturges
sneer and say, "Then die!"

Foranexample, let'ssay that Eshmunamash decides
that they all deserve to die and commits suicide. Over
the centuries, he commissioned curses from the
thaumaturges in the group. As he burns in the morning
sun, deadman-switch curses fall on Cret, Drenis and
Bufo, originally cast by Pentweret, Danika and Cret.
The Ventrue starts shitting snakes. Drenis finds that
stone and earth are as yielding as mud under her feet.
Bufo suffers the Platonic Split and his own incarnate
Beast hunts him through the castle. Bufo and Drenis
demand that the thaumaturges lift their curses. Cretsays
he will lift the curse on Bufo, if Pentweret lifts the curse
on him. The Setite sorcerer says he'll do it... if Bufo has
Hill life the curse he placed on Pentweret on the
Nosferatu's behalf, and while they're at it, he wants Bufo
and Hill to beg his pardon for some insults back in the
19th century. Cret says, "So apologize, idiots!" and
negotiations go downhill from there. The demon laughs.

On thesecond night, Cret has survived his curse but
it has wounded and weakened him. Bufo hides from his
Beast. Drenis tries to stay on the furniture, but slips and
falls through the floor. Before anyone can run down-
stairs to catch her, the Cappadocian sinks through the
cellar floor and is lost. The demon laughs some more.
Abdalkutba points out what everyone knew but no one
wanted to say: The night of the Sacrifice approaches and
they now lack two pacters. They might have replaced
one destroyed pacter. Can they replace two?

On the third night, Bufo's Beast finds him and kills
him. It rampages freely through the castle. At Bufo's
Final Death, Hill's curse on Pentweret activates: A
seraph appears and attacks the Setite. Cret could have
banished the angel, but he now suffers from the Drown-
ing in Earth curse, which Danika once laid on him on
Bufo's behalf. The Setite burns while the Ventrue calls
the servants to lay carpets across the stone floor.

Pentweret left his own deadman curses on various
Inconnu. He also programmed his statue servitors and
ghoul cobra to avenge his destruction. The statues
march through the castle attacking any Cainites they
see. They corner Cret and slay the weakened Ventrue.

Cret's deadman curses activate... and so on. By the
night of the Sacrifice, half the Twelve are destroyed, in
torpor or buried deep in the ground. The demon laughs
harder than ever as it takes every pacter who remains.

IrtHe TweL_ve ALi Quir

What if all of the Twelve simply decided to end the
Pact? Physically, this would be easy. On the night of the
sacrifice, the Twelve merely tell the demon that the
Pact is null and void. The demon departs... gratefully.

Getting the Twelve to agree is not so easy. They
cannot do this on their own. Each one of the Twelve
nurses a grudge against three or four others. Even
Mahtiel, who avoids confrontation by spending 364
nights of the year in torpor, resents Danika and Anastazi
for leading Rothriel to his Final Death.

Before the Twelve can quit the Pact, then, some-
one must persuade them to forgive each other five
centuries' worth of petty slights, arguments and grudges.
They all believe they hold legitimate grievances, so
the others should apologize first. Even if they can't
punish their rivals any other way, they can keep them
from going scot-free and getting away with their in-
sults.

The Golconda-seekers among them actually re-
quire the most persuasion before they admit fault. After
all, they are enlightened. After centuries of atonement,
meditation and spiritual development, they are sup-
posed to confess that they are no better than the others?

The Twelve must also agree to remove the various
deadman-switch curses on each other. Once again, it
comes down to "You first." After all, suppose they did
renounce the Pact and lost its protection against each
other? What guarantee do they have that their rivals
will not strike against them? The curses born of old
grievances, however, have become points of grievance
themselves. If they cannot trust each other to disarm
the curses, they cannot trust each other enough to
renounce the Pact.

Each of the Twelve fears that if only some of them
renounce the Pact, the others will strike a new deal
with the demon. They might even find themselves
offered as sacrifices to seal the new pact. None of them,
not even the master demonologist Cret, knows if the
demon would accept such a scenario — but none of
them want to take that chance.

Ending the Pact, then, goes far beyond rational
calculation. The players' characters need to find a way
for everyone to back down and save face. The Twelve
all feel ashamed at the Pact, but none of them willingly
accept that shame on their own. The coterie has a few
strategies that might work, though.

Lair oF THE HiDdeN

130

¢ The Greater Shame. The Golconda-seekers feel
the greatest shame at how far they have fallen from
Saulot's ideals. The coterie could challenge them to
redeem themselves and prove their enlightenment.
or is Cret too irrational to accept the need for ending
the pact? Does Pentweret flinch from this ultimate
test? After atoning for 2,000 years of death, can
Eshmunamash not atone for the sacrifices? Was
Golconda a lie all along, and themselves the liars?

© The Greater Mission. The Twelve know that
Gehenna is coming. Abdalkutba has seen it in the
stars. The spirits whisper of dreadful Powers stirring as
they awaken. A clan committed suicide and more
prophecies come true every year. Some among the
Twelve try to fight the coming of Gehenna, but their
imprisonment hampers them. If they really want to
balk the Antediluvians and their agents, they need to
get out of the castle and act more directly. They can't
leave the castle unless everyone renounces the Pact.
Can they swallow their pride long enough to postpone
the end of the world?

¢ Honoring a Boon. In the introverted society of
the castle, an Inconnu who defaults ona promise opens
himself to endless needling from the others. That's
how the others forced the thaumaturges to cast dead-
man-switch curses on their behalf. If the coterie places
one of the Twelve in their debt (as, for instance,
Danika's promise of weregild in "The Vengeful Sabbat
Pack"), they can demand an apology to the other
Inconnu as their repayment. That's only one pacter
out of twelve, but it's a start.

© Moral One-Upmanship. The Golconda-seek-
ers think they are better than the other Inconnu
because they seek redemption. The others think they
are better because they don't fool themselves. Each of
the Twelve can list the faults and failings of the others
in excruciating detail. The coterie might persuade one
of the Inconnu that they can prove their moral supe-
riority by being the first to apologize. Removing their
deadman-switch curses would show even greater ethi-
cal strength. If the coterie work on more than one
Inconnu, they might arrange a moral potlatch or
bidding war, as the Twelve compete to show who is
better than the rest.

All these options require considerable work by the
characters. High Social Attributes and Abilities such
as Expression, Etiquette or Subterfuge make the task
slightly easier. Asa Storyteller, however, donot let the
players leave the matter to the dice. Insist that the
players themselves marshal arguments and stratagems
to persuade or manipulate the Twelve into doing the
right thing.

AFTERMATH

Quite possibly, all the players' characters meet
Final Death in Hunedoara. This is very sad.

This possibility has no aftermath, at least for the
characters. They're gone. What happens to the Twelve
after that depends on whether the Storyteller wants to
bring a new crop of characters to Hunedoara. Quite
possibly, the Twelve self-destruct soon after they de-
stroy the characters, or they might continue meddling
in the world from the safety of their invisible castle.

The characters might help the Pact continue,
though one of them becomes this year's victim. The
demon offers favors to the remaining characters. They
become part of the Twelve's network of power. The
story isn't over, though. There's always next year.
That's one more year for the grudges among the Twelve
to fester, and one more year for their souls to shrivel
under their own hypocrisy. The Twelve call the char-
acters back to Hunedoara for the next sacrifice. It will
not occur, though, before the Twelve turn on each
other and the dominos fall. The characters merely
delayed the Inconnu's doom.

The Twelve might turn on each other and the
demon may take them all. This is very sad for the
Twelve. It's not very good for the characters, either,
because the Inconnu might destroy some of them
along the way. Alternatively, the characters might
disrupt the Sacrifice so the Inconnu cannot renew the
Pact.

This third possibility lets the Storyteller produce a
grand, cataclysmic, Industrial Light and Magic ending
as the demon drags the Inconnu off to Hell, or what-
ever destiny their deeds earn them.

If the characters work really hard at it, though,
they might persuade the Twelve to renounce the Pact.
This fourth possibility has the most far-reaching con-
sequences of all.

Tue Fart of tHE House oF HUNEDOARA

If the night of the sacrifice comes and all the
Twelve do not appear to renew the Pact, or they do not
offer their sacrificial victim on time, the demon can
claim all the pacters who remain. It takes revenge in
full measure for its own centuries of entrapment.

The castle shakes as the demon withdraws from its
structure, roaring in triumphant laughter. The shaking
does not stop as the demon looms over the castle, a vast
shadow darker than the night itself, with eyes burning
like the fires of Hell. The destruction that the demon
averted so long ago catches up to Hunedoara, like a
slain vampire crumbling to dust. The walls and towers
shiver and fall. The very stones decay as they plummet,

Carrer Four: THE Roads To HuneDoara (PLOTLINES)

131


then sink into the ground while waves of moss, weeds
and brambles sweep over the castle courtyard. In
seconds, nothing remains but a field overgrown with
briars and scrub, with a few mossy, half-buried blocks
of stone — the very scene the demon conjured to hide
the castle.

As for the remaining pacters? They try to run, but
they still cannot leave the castle's grounds. The dust
from the crumbling castle hides them from the charac-
ters' view. When the dust clears, they are gone.

If the characters caused the cataclysm, they find
themselves compelled to look up, up, up, to meet the
Demon's burning gaze. The Beast within each charac-
ter quails and wants toflee, but they cannot move. One
of the hellfire eyes winks.

"Thank you for your sacrifice," the Demon says.
"The Pact is made." Then it vanishes, leaving the
characters to parse over every word they said since
entering Hunedoara, looking for phrases that a fallen
angel might interpret as an offer and a request for a
longer-term relationship.

One servant remains — the one who helped the
characters. He shakes his head sadly. "They failed. I failed.
They chose their damnation despite all I taught them."
The servant looks at the characters. "Don't fail, too."

No one ever sees any of the Twelve again. Perhaps
the demon snatched them to Hell. This might not be
much of a change for them. Perhaps they find them-
selves back in the 16th century, on the fateful night
when the Tremere attacked, but no demon offers a
pact to save them. Who can tell? Their fate — and the
fate of any character that replaced a pacter before the
end — must remain...

...Unknown!

IetHe Twetve ALL Quit

If the Twelve renounce the Pact, the castle shakes
as the demon withdraws. Here, too, the characters see
it as a shadow against the night sky and feel its awful,
hellfire gaze upon them. In this case, however, the
Demon merely says, "Thank you... and what took you
so long?" Then it vanishes.

The story is not quite over. The servant who
advised the coterie steps forward and clears his throat.
"Well done," he says. "I had almost given up hope."

The Twelve glance at the servant. Then some of
them do a double-take as they see the servant's aura.
"Saulot?" Cret asks. Then a rush of questions and
exclamations: "Master!" and "You're not destroyed!"
and "Where have you been?"

The Twelve soon converge on the final question.
Why did Saulot leave the Twelve in the Pact? They

would have ended it if they'd known he still existed, if
only he'd asked.

Saulot shakes his head. "And what would that
have proved? Obedience would not redeem you." His
voice hardens. "And if you could not make the choice
for yourself, then all my teaching was in vain, and I
would not mourn your loss." He turns and begins
walking away. "Teach, and you may learn, before the
end. I —I am finished with teaching and Jyhad." He
looks back, though, and his expression softens. "Only
one here needs my help. Sclav —come, and be whole."
The Sclav shambles forward and takes Saulot's hand.
Anyone who tries to follow or stop the pair finds that
the Antediluvian and the vozhd simply vanish.

Most of the Twelve leave Hunedoara. Only Danika
still thinks of it as home. Even Anastazi vows never to
return, both "nativesoil" and feudal obligations be damned.

Nothing obviously dramatic happens immediately
after that. Hunedoara Castle rejoins the world as subtly
as it departed. No one in town suddenly goes, "My god!
Where did that castle come from?" It was always there;
they just did not pay much attention to it.

Within a year, though, the Romanian ministry of
tourism notices the beautiful, well-preserved castle.
The government declares Hunedoara a national land-
mark, prints brochures and arranges package tours to
"a treasure of Romania's romantic past."

Whoever stays at the castle — from Danika
Ruthven to the players' characters — then faces the
challenge of cleaning it up. Cret's magic circles, the
shrine of Saulot, the coffins, the animate statues... it's
all a gigantic Masquerade breach waiting to happen.

The Twelve do not quietly fade away. They con-
fronted their own fallibility and egotism, and they
learned something from the experience. They intend
to apply what they learned, too.

Most importantly, they learned that they probably
donot have time to atone for centuries of yearly murder.
The Antediluvians awaken; Gehenna is nigh. As long
as they can stand each other, though, their Disciplines,
their Thaumaturgy and other resources make them
perhaps the world's most powerful coterie. Freed from
the restrictions of Hunedoara, they can rouse the World
of Darkness to fight the Antediluvians. Within a year,
most of the Twelve work together again.

The Twelve are quite capable of killing the an-
cient Methuselahs who form the Antediluvians' heralds
and generals. The challenge lies in finding them. The
Twelve try to unite the world's Noddists in a crash
program to locate the sleeping Ancients. Even if they

La oF THe HipbeN

132


cannot find or destroy the Antediluvians themselves,
the Twelve and their allies can reduce their power.

Indeed, the Twelve recruit every Cainite they can
find who wants to destroy the Ancients. Camarilla,
Sabbat or independent clan makes no difference to
them. They do their best to convince Camarilla and
Sabbat leaders to end their perpetual war and go after
the real enemy. Far more Sabbat listen than Camarilla
elders, though not as many as the Twelve hope: More
Sabbat talk about fighting Antediluvians than are
willing to put their unlives on the line for it. The Black
Hand listens, though. Most of them may be young but
they have courage and determination. Their war has
come; they embrace it.

Cret, Eshmunamash and several other members of
the Twelve also give their fellow Inconnu a piece of
their mind. The Inconnu follow two goals: Seeking
Golconda and hiding from the Jyhad. None of the
Twelve believe any longer that isolation from the world
helps a Cainite conquer the Beast, and they don't
believe youcan hide from the Ancients, either. They try
to convince the Inconnu to cease their endless hiding
and watching and waiting. If they will not join the
campaign against the Ancients, they can at least spread
the word about Golconda and teach as many Cainites as
best they can. If Golconda is indeed the only way to
escape the Ancients' power completely, the Cainite
race needs as many free agents as possible.

The Golconda-seekers among the Twelve attempt
a desperate experiment. They know that each of them
approached the blessed state, but never quite achieved
or succeeded at the Suspire. When they gathered at
Hunedoara, they hoped that pooling their insight
would lead to success. They try again — not with
themselves, but with students. Eshmunamash, Cret,
Drenis and Pentweret seek volunteers for a "crash

Sautot's FINAL WORDS

Whether the Twelve damn or redeem them-
selves, Saulot has one last message for the characters
before he disappears into the night.

"Gehennacomes. Nothing can stop it. Already
you may see its eye in the heavens. I do not know
if you can help yourself, the world or anything you
love, but you can try. The One Above looks upon
you... and perhaps he looks with favor. We enter
the crucible of God. Pray that you come forth as
gold, instead of burning with the rest of our ac-
cursed race. For myself — He has told me my fate.
Do not expect to see me again."

Golconda" program that will make Pentweret's old
notions of "hard, fast and dangerous" look slow and
timid. Any Cainite brave or desperate enough to
accept tuition from the four Inconnu is in fora journey
of self-discovery that either brings him to the Suspire
in months, or drives him mad like the late Vanth —
with no guarantee that the program works at all.

In all of this, the Twelve remain in contact with
their liberators as much as those characters permit.
The elders do not push the issue if the characters never
want to see them again; they are too busy to pester
some insightful but contrary neonates. A coterie that
accepts the Twelve as its collective mentor can expect
an exciting unlife, however, as the elders send them
around the world of Darkness on missions to recruit
other Cainites, seek clues to the ancients and gather
rare components for the dire rituals that can slay
creatures older than the Pyramids. They move onto
the front lines of the Jyhad as they try to save the world.

All this, however, depends on the players and the Story-
teller. It is another story that you must explore yourselves.

raprer Four: THE Roabs To Hunepoara (PLorunes)

133



TheelderCainites of Hunedoara possessmany unique
powers. Their low generation entitles them to specialized
Discipline powers, while the thaumaturges among them
know many potent rituals. Since their entrapment in
Hunedoara began, they have all sought to develop magic
or Disciplines that would let them observe and affect the
world beyond the castle grounds. This chapter describes
the most notable Discipline powers and rituals known to
the Twelve. The chapteralso describes the mighty magic
of the Pact, which both protects and imprisons the
Inconnu of Hunedoara.

DISCIPLINe&
PoweRs

The Twelve know more high-level Discipline pow-
ers than the ones listed here. We list only the powers that
enable them to interact with the outside world. See
Guide to the Camarilla, Guide to the Sabbat and the
various Clanbooks for more high-level Discipline pow-
ers. Storytellers can pick whatever other powers seem
appropriate or useful for an Inconnu.

Beast WALK (ANIMALISM LeveL Six)

This power builds upon Animalism Level Four,
Subsume the Spirit. Through this power, Bufo the
Toad casts his mind into an animal's body. More than
that, however, he can jump from that first animal to
another animal, then a third, a fourth, and so on

indefinitely, while his torpid body remains at the
castle. Given time anda bit of luck, Bufo can mentally
travel around the world.

System: Initially, the Storyteller rolls Bufo's Ma-
nipulation + Animal Ken (difficulty 8) as the Nosferatu
looks into the target animal's eyes. As with Subsume
the Spirit, the number of successes rolled determines
how thoroughly Bufo overrides the animal's spirit. The
Storyteller must roll at least three successes for Bufo to
send his mind skipping from animal to animal. Fewer
than three successes mean that Bufo must expend
Willpower to take any action contrary to the animal's
normal instincts, while the Nosferatu needs five suc-
cesses to resist the animal's instincts completely. The
number of successes from this roll also determines what
Disciplines Bufo can use while possessing animal bod-
ies, exactly as per Subsume the Spirit (see the chart on
p. 148 of Vampire: the Masquerade).

Once Bufo frees his mind from his body, he can
jump to another animal's body if his current host can
look in its eyes. The usual range for this is about 20 feet.
Although the Storyteller re-rolls the Nosferatu's Ma-
nipulation + Animal Ken foreach jump, this determines
the extent of Bufo's possession and what Disciplines he
can-use. Only a botched roll breaks the chain of
possessions and sends the Nosferatu's mind hurtling
back to his body and an immediate frenzy. If the roll
fails, Bufo merely cannot possess that particular animal
and must look for another host.

Aprenix: Powers oF THE ELDERs

135


Beast Walk also surpasses Subsume the Spirit in that
Bufo can possess an animal's body by day without the
need for his own body to stay awake. Instead, the
Nosferatu's body is in torpor for the duration of the Beast
Walk. He wakes up as soon as he ends the possession (or
at least the next nightfall at Hunedoara). As with Sub-
sume the Spirit, if the possessed animal dies, Bufo enters
full torpor, with the duration set by his Humanity rating.
Horoscopic FORECAST
(Auspex Lever Srx)

Abdalkutba first used astrology as a tool to focus the
psychic, intuitive aspects of Heightened Senses, en-
abling him to read more into his charts than the average
mortal astrologer. After centuries of practice, his combi-
nation of astrology and Auspex yielded this unique
power. By casting a horoscope for a person, group or
institution and inspecting the night sky, the Assamite
can gain glimpses of the subject's future.

System: To use this power, Abdalkutba needs infor-
mation about the target. Tocastamortal's horoscope, the
vizier needs the approximate time and place of her birth.
For a Cainite, Abdalkutba needs the time and place of
both mortal birth and the Embrace. He can get along
without this data ifhe knows the Cainite extremely well:
Given a few decades, he can observe the events of the
Cainite's unlife, compare them to the motions of the
planets and so deduce the conditions of the character's
birth and Embrace. The Assamite has done this for the
rest of the Twelve, but for no other extant vampires.

For a group or institution, Abdalkutba needs some
other time that serves as a point of origin, and as much
other information as he can gather. For instance, if the
Assamite cast a horoscope for the United States of
America, he would draw horoscope charts for July 4, 1776
(the signing of the Declaration of Independence) and
March 4, 1789 (the date Congress declared the Consti-
tution in effect), at Philadelphia in both cases.

After Abdalkutba prepares his horoscope charts and
meditates upon them, he consults the skies. The power
does not work if the vizier cannot actually see the
heavens: Theastrologer watches forshootingstars, clouds,
auroras and the way the stars and planets twinkle, as well
as the locations of the planets. After an hour's observa-
tion, the shape of the target's future comes to the vizier.
To determine how much of the future Abdalkutba sees,
the Storyteller rolls the Assamite's Perception + Occult
(difficulty 8). For each success rolled, the vizier divines
one fact about the person or group's most probable future.
If the vizier seeks the answer to a particular question,
instead of a general forecast, the difficulty rises to 9.
Botches result in false revelations. Even successes, how-

ever, donotalwaysprovideatime frame. The vizier might
see events of the next night, next week, next year...

Note: Once the Assamite's forecasts extended cen-
turies in advance. His firm assurance to Cret that the
Twelve of Hunedoara were among the world's few faint
hopes to survive Gehenna helped persuade the Ventrue
toestablish the Pact. Over the last century, however, the
astrologer's horoscopes became more vague and difficult.
Since the Red Star appeared in the sky, a curtain has
dropped across the future. Now, the Assamite cannot
foresee any event more than a single year in the future.
His horoscopes for the Twelve also changed. Now their
most probable future lies in darkness and fire. Abdalkutba
does not speak of this to his fellow prisoners.

u
Choe LeveL SEVEN

An ancient vampire can develop such exquisitely
refined psychic intuition that he can sense events and
deeds anywhere in the world. The Assamite vizier
Abdalkutba possesses such awareness. What Abdalkutba
wants to know... he knows. He knows who the Sabbat
pack killed last week. He knows where the Nazi colonel
hid his loot. He knows about that spat you had with your
wife — if you sufficiently interest Abdalkutba that he
pays attention to you.

To gain this omniscience, however, Abdalkutba
must cast a horoscope. If the Assamite knows the time
and place of a mortal's birth, that mortal's entire life is an
open book for Abdalkutba to read. The vizier can also
cast horoscopes for groups and institutions, from bridge
clubs to nations. In such cases, he merely needs a thor-
ough description of the group so he can work out what
stars and planets govern its fate.

Supernatural creatures resist this near-divine knowl-
edge. Vampires, werewolves, mages and such ilk exist
partly outside the normal bounds of reality, so they are a
bit blurry to Abdalkutba's intuition. The more powerful
a supernatural creature, the less likely the vizier can
mystically spy on its actions.

Supernal Awareness is also limited to knowledge of
the past and present. The power grants no knowledge of
the future.

System: Abdalkutba can use this power at will, ifhe
ever cast the target's horoscope some time in the past.
Supernal Awareness supplies information that the vizier
could gain by sight or hearing, if he could see and hear
everything that ever happened to his target. Supernal
Awareness does not supply thoughts, motivations or
explanations — just the raw observations. Abdalkutba
must guess at the reasons of events.

PERNAL AWARENES:

Laie of THE Hibben

136

When the Assamite directs Supernal Awareness at
another vampire, the Storyteller rolls the Assamite's
Perception + Alertness. The difficulty is the sum of the
target character's Willpower and Generation Traits. If
the difficulty rises beyond 10, the target is "invisible" to
Supernal Awareness. Thus, most high-generation vam-
pires are easy targets, but other Methuselahs usually lie
beyond the power's reach. Still, Abdalkutba can deduce
a great deal from what happens to the people around an
elder vampire.

Other supernatural beings don't have Generation,
but they usually possess some Trait of their own that
measures their raw magical potential. These Traits can
substitute for Generation in determining whether Super-
nal Awareness succeeds. Mages, for instance, measure
their power using a Trait called Arete, while Rank might
do for werewolves. If you do not have the appropriate
game to use as reference (or don't want to bother with
other games' rules), just multiply the target creature's
Willpower by one and a half to find the difficulty for
Supernal Awareness. Mortals lack any such Trait, so for
them the difficulty is straight Willpower.

IfanattemptatSupernal Awareness fails, Abdalkutba
cannot attempt to gain information about the target for
one full year.

NIGMATIC TEXT
DEMENTATION LeveL Sx)

The Malkavians' familiarity with madness renders
them peculiarly able to extract information from sources
where it should not exist. Some elder Malkavians, in-
cluding Demetrius, can reverse the process and plant
information in hidden forms. They usually do this through
speech or writing, but Malkavians have planted hidden
messages in paintings, music, flower arrangements, trash
scattered around the haven or anything else that the
hand or mind could shape. A person who sees, hears or
reads the Malkavian's work for an extended period
recognizes the hidden meaning, though he cannot say
exactly where the information comes from. Demetrius
writes his tracts about Golconda using Enigmatic Text.

System: Enigmatic communication requiresasimple
success on a Wits + Expression roll. The difficulty de-
pends on the medium. Planting a hidden meaning in
words is difficulty 6; in a nonverbal medium that is
nevertheless a recognized form of communication, such
as a painting, is difficulty 7; and a form that does not
normally convey information at all, such as piles of
pebbles or a table-setting, is difficulty 8. The power does
not cost blood points. If, however, the Kindred wants to
store the Enigmatic Text in a permanent form so that
anyone can perceive the message later, this costs the
character two points of Willpower.

Ifsomeone receives an Enigmatic Text directly from
the Malkavian, no roll is needed; the target always
understands the message. Imparting an Enigmatic Text
directly takes a few minutes. "Reading" a stored Enig-
matic Texttakesat leastan hour, anda lengthy Enigmatic
Text may take nights or weeks to understand in full. The
character's player rolls Perception + Expression (diffi-
culty 6) to receive the hidden meaning. This is an
extended roll. The Storyteller decides how many suc-
cesses the player must accumulate to comprehend the
Enigmatic Text. One of Demetrius' tracts, for instance,
typically requires five successes to extract his thoughts on
seeking Golconda.

Demetrius' tracts also have a special power not
usually held by Enigmatic Texts. Anyone who reads
them becomes a beacon to the Malkavian's far-travel-
ing spirit. Anyone who studies and understands one of
Demetrius' tracts may, in time, receive a visit from
Demetrius himself, using his Psychic Double power
(see below).

Dynastic DOWER
(Dominate Levet Seven)

Every wise vampire fears the power their ancient,
monstrous ancestors may wield over them. A more
tenuous transmission of blood occurs among mortals, but
a few vampires, such as Zamra, can send their wills along
this line of descent. A vampire with Dynastic Power can
supernaturally influence her mortal descendants. Whole
families may work at the direction of an ancestor they
believe long dead, or have completely forgotten.

System: Dynastic Poweraffects only one descendant
ata time, and Zamra must have some way to identify that
descendant, such as a name or a picture. She cannot
simply will a command blindly, hoping that some great-
grandchild will obey.

The vampire's player rolls Manipulation + Leader-
ship, with a difficulty of 3 + the number of mortal
generations between the vampire and the descendant.
Thus, a mortal child would be difficulty 4; a grandchild,
difficulty 5; and so on, to a maximum of 10. If the roll
succeeds, the vampire can implant a hypnotic suggestion
as per the Mesmerize power.

Eventually, the blood connection becomes too re-
mote for Dynastic Power to work. A vampire can extend
the power's usefulness by arranging unions between de-
scendants. Inbreeding the family this way keeps the blood
connection strong: The progeny of first or second cousins
(or even closer relations) do not increase the difficulty of
Dynastic Power. Tomaintaina herd of exploitable descen-
dants for several centuries requires careful supervision of
the stock. Zamra has bred her descendants this way for

‘Aprenoix: Powers oF THE Expers

137


several centuries. She also preservesa few grandchildren as
ghouls, to replenish the bloodline. Zamra usually faces a
difficulty of 6 to 8.

Raise THE DeAp (Mortis Levert Six)

By feeding her blood to a corpse, Drenis can reani-
mate the body to create a zombie servant. These undead
minions do not last long, but they loyally work their
mistress' will while they endure. The walking dead pos-
sess considerable toughness — most wounds don't matter
much because they are already dead — but relatively
little intellect.

System: To animate a corpse, Drenis must feed it at
least one blood point of her vitae. As soonas the first drop
dribbles into its mouth, the corpse animates and sucks for
more. For the moment, though, the corpse is so feeble
that Drenis can easily stop giving blood when she wants.

A zombie created by Raise the Dead has the same
Physical Attributes it had in life. Reanimation does not
change the zombie's appearance: A well-embalmed ca-
daver may look quite lifelike, while a rotting, flyblown
corpse looks like a walking, rotting, flyblown corpse.
While the reanimation lasts, however, azombie does not
decay any further.

The walking dead lose some of their mental acuity,
so reduce a zombie's Mental Attributes and all Abilities
by one dot each from what it had in life. Zombies obey
their animator as if blood bound, and seldom exercise
much free will. Whatever their appearance, zombies
cannot use Social Attributes for any purpose.

The walking dead receive 10 health levels and do
not suffer any wound penalties: A zombie acts without
impairment until it loses its last health level and falls
inert. Zombies also soak lethal damage with their
Stamina (difficulty 6). Unless destroyed, a corpse
remains animate for one night per blood point their
creator invests in it. The zombie crumbles to dust at
sunrise when it exhausts its vitae. Thus, one blood
point sustains a zombie for one night, while three
would keep a cadaver animate for three nights.
CompeL PASSION
(Presence Lever Seven)

Many Kindred know how the Summon power, which
implants an irrational, inexplicable desire to travel to a
Cainite's location. Eshmunamash refined this power so he
can drive a person to seek any other person he wants. What's
more, the Brujah can make his victim feel any emotion
towards the secondary target. The victim might feel driven
toseek out a complete stranger whom he loves on first sight,
or feel inexplicable rage toward her dearest friend. Through
this power, Eshmunamash can bring people together and
create various relationships between them.

Mortis: Lost DIscIpLine
oraLost CLAN

The Giovanni emerged from a clan called i
the Cappadocians, the original Clan of Death.
The Cappadocians did not possess true Necro- —
mancy. Instead, they mastered a rudimentary —
death-magic called Mortis. Asa Discipline, rather —
than a magical Path, Mortis possessed levels —
beyond five, and these higher-level powers con- ©
stituted an elder Cappadocian's personal
understanding of death and the dead.

Mortis is as defunct as the Cappadocians
themselves in the modern nights. The few Kin-
dred scholars of old and obscure Disciplines note
certain resemblances between Mortis and the
Thanatosis Discipline of the putrescent Samedi
bloodline. Even fewer recognize the close resem-
blance between Mortis and the Mortuus Path of
Necromancy practiced by the eldritch Harbin-
gers of Skulls, a bloodline of mummy-like /
vampires of obscure antecedents that recently —
joined the Sabbat.

Dark Ages: Vampire fully describes Mortis.
Storytellers can also use the Mortuus Path de-
scribed in Guide to the Sabbat for the first five
powers of Drenis' Mortis.

Fy

Like the Summon power, Compel Passion dissipates
at dawn — Romanian time, in Eshmunamash's case. An
unsuspecting victim may try to rationalize the sudden
emotion, or she may think she has lost her mind. Also,
like Summon, this power cannot drive its victim into
suicidal danger, though the target might face or use
violence to fulfill the compulsion.

System: Compel Passion works only on someone
Eshmunamash has met, or for whom he hasa magical link
created by one of the other Inconnu. The power works on
mortals and supernatural creatures alike, across any dis-
tance in the physical world.

When Eshmunamash uses Compel Passion, the
Storyteller rolls the Brujah's Charisma + Subterfuge.
The difficulty depends on Eshmunamash's past con-
nection to the target. The base difficulty is 5, for a
person the Brujah knows moderately well: For the
highly sensitive and perceptive Methuselah, a few
hours of conversation render a person familiar. A
person met only briefly, or affected through a magical
link, receives a difficulty of 7. If Eshmunamash success-
fully used Presence on the target in the past, the
difficulty drops to 4; but if the target resisted the
Brujah's Presence before, the difficulty rises to 8.

Lar oF THe Hippen

138

The number of successes indicates the strength of the
compelled passion for that night:

1 success Subject feels the compulsion but acts
hesitantly.

Subject acts reluctantly and is easily
thwarted by obstacles.

Subject acts on the passion with rea-
sonable speed.

Subject drops everything to act on the
compulsion.

Subject isa complete and instant slave
to the induced passion, doing any deed
necessary to fulfill the compulsion.

The subject cannot resist Compel Passion unless
someone else confronts him with the irrationality of his
actions and feelings. A successful appeal using Empathy,
Intimidation orsome other communication Ability (dif-
ficulty of 5 + the number of successes rolled for the
Compel Passion) enables the victim to spend Willpower
and so resist the emotion for a scene.

Compel Passion does not impart any actual knowl-
edge — only emotion and a drive to go someplace. The
victim does not know who he seeks, only that he must go.
Thus, Eshmunamash cannot, say, direct a millionaire
financier to pay a widow's mortgage. At most, the Brujah
can inspire the millionaire to seek out the widow and
instantly feel affection and loyalty to her. He can't
control the details.

2 successes
3 successes
4 successes

5 successes

Dream Comat (VALEREN LEVEL SIX)

The Salubri Mahtiel may be the last creature on
Earth to know this strange and dangerous power. Once,
however, the Warrior Salubri used Dream Combat to
confront ghosts or demons that they could not affect
physically. The power also works on mortals, Cainites or
indeed any creature with consciousness.

By locking the target creature's gaze with her third
eye, the Salubri draws the target's mind into a shared
dreamscape. In this dream world, both the Salubri and
her target can imagine any reality they want, whether for
battle or more peaceful pursuits. The target cannot suffer
any direct, physical harm from Dream Combat, but the
psychic damage can be devastating —and for spirits, who
exist as purely psychic entities, Dream Combat can kill.

System: To initiate Dream Combat, Mahtiel must
look her target in the eye and expend two points of
Willpower. The Storyteller then pits the Salubri's Will-
power against the target's in a resisted roll (difficulty of
the opponent's Willpower). If Mahtiel wins, she pulls her
target into the dreamscape. Neither leaves until Mahtiel
is defeated or ends the power of her own will.

In the dreamscape, both Mahtiel and her target can
do anything they imagine. They can fly, change their
shape, duplicate themselves, create any environment
they want, and so on. Affecting each other is more
difficult. Combatants can dream up whatever weapons or
powers they please; it doesn't matter because the real
contest takes place between their wills.

Physical Traits don't really exist in the dreamscape.
As dreamers battle, use these substitute Traits:

© Manipulation replaces Strength.

© Charisma replaces Dexterity.

© The character's highest-rated Virtue replaces
Stamina.

© Willpower replaces health levels.

© Initiative consists of Wits + Charisma.

© Attack rolls consist of Charisma + Ability. The
dream-fighters try to imagine their attacks with sufficient
skill and force to make their target believe them. Dream-
warriorscan imagine any attack they choose, fromshooting
the enemy to growing 100 feet tall and squishing him
underfoot. If the character cannot relate the attack
somehow to Brawling, Firearms or Melee, however, use
unmodified Charisma for the attack pool.

© Damage rolls consist of the attacker's Manipula-
tion + the number of successes in the attack roll.

© Soak consists of the character's highest-rated Vir-
tue. Dream combat has no analogue to bashing, lethal or
aggravated damage, no matter what effect the attacker
imagines for his attack.

¢ Damage applies to the target's Willpower rating.
The target suffers penalties to all dice pools as his Will-
power drops. Down to halfhis Willpower (round fractions
upward), he stays at OK. Each subsequent point of
Willpower lost imposes a—1 wound penalty.

A dream-warrior can spend Willpower points with-
out incurring any penalty. As the character's Willpower
rating drops, however, he has fewer points to expend.

¢ Acharacter reduced to 0 Willpower is incapaci-
tated in some way. Depending on what his enemy
wants, the victim could suffer torpor, zombie-like
obedience or insanity. An incapacitated spirit risks
total destruction from a Salubri's other Valeren or
Obeah powers, or a dreaming vampire can destroy a
defeated spirit through imaginary diablerie. (This does
not improve the vampire's Generation or change his
Traits in any way, but provides a dandy excuse for the
character to develop strange new Disciplines, Merits
suchas Iron Will, Strong Blood or Medium — or Flaws
such as Nightmares, Beacon of the Unholy or Glowing
Eyes. Storytellers should see spirit-diablerie as a blank
check to do interesting things to the character.)

Aprenou: Powers oF THE Epes

139


DISCIPLIN®
COMBINATION
PoweRs

The Twelve also developed a number of combina-
tion Discipline powers. One of these is theoretically
teachable to high-generation neonates.

S¥CHIC DOUBLE
Auspex ®®®®® Opruscate © ¢@)

Astral projection has the annoying limit that the
vampire's disembodied mind cannot affect the material
world, and even the faintest visible manifestation re-
quires great effort. Through this combination power, a
vampire still cannotaffect material objects —butshe can
make other people imagine that they see and speak to her.
Demetrius the Malkavian uses this power to project his
consciousness around the world.

Demetrius' Psychic Double looks real and solid. His
astral form can converse with other people. He even feels
solid to anyone who touches him, though he cannot
affect physical objects in any way and his Psychic Image
does not appear in mirrors, photographs or video images.
Mahtiel also knows this power, but her dream-walking
spirit usually looks transparent and ghostly.

System: Projecting Psychic Double costs one Will-
power point. As with Astral Projection, Demetrius picks
a target somewhere in the world and hopes he projects to
the right place. Arriving at the desired location depends
ona Perception + Occult roll, with the difficulty set by
how well Demetrius knows the target location. A familiar
location not too far away is difficulty 7; a place on the
other side of the world that the Malkavian merely read
about is difficulty 10. A botch on this roll indicates
getting lost, and maybe even breaking the silver cord
back to the Methuselah's body. Evoking a psychic image
with his own appearance automatically succeeds. Ap-
pearing as someone else calls for a Manipulation +
Performance roll (difficulty 7), just as for Mask of a
Thousand Faces.

A character with Psychic Double does not have to
project a visible image. Demetrius can make his image
appear and disappear at will, with no further expenditure
of Willpower. Each time he manifests a disguised appear-
ance, however, the Storyteller must re-roll Demetrius'
Manipulation + Performance.

Although Psychic Doubles cannot exert any physi-
cal force, a vampire with this power can project certain
other Disciplines through his astral form. Since Animal-
ism, other Auspex powers, Dementation, Dominate,

other Obfuscate powers and Presence have entirely men-
tal effects, a vampire can use them freely while astral.
Obtenebration works, since the dark force evoked by the
Discipline is not actually physical either. An astral vam-
pirecan thusaffect physical objects indirectly using Arms
of the Abyss. A Psychic Double can also employ the non-
physical powers of Valeren or Obeah.

The Storyteller should brush up on both Astral
Projection and Mask of a Thousand Faces before intro-
ducing the astral Demetrius to the chronicle, as the
systems for both powers apply to the combination.

Psychic Double costs 24 experience points to learn.
Corpse PROJECTION
(Auspex ©°°°®, Mortis ee eee ©)

Inaddition to raisingzombies using her blood, Drenis
canalso animate corpses froma great distance and possess
the reanimated body. Such zombie possession requires a
great effort of will and Drenis can occupy the body for
only a single night, but it grants the Cappadocian priest-
ess a limited power to act beyond Hunedoara.

Drenis can use the power in two ways. She can send
out her astral form normally, (see Astral Projection on p.
152 of Vampire: The Masquerade), look around for a
corpse and possess it. Although this is more controllable,
theastral form'snormal "speed limit" of about 1,000 miles
per hour renders journeys to other continents more time-
consuming than the Cappadocian sometimes likes. Drenis
can also try to hurl her astral form instantly around the
world, and possess a cadaver at random. This is quicker,
but hard to target: Drenis counts herself lucky even to
reach the right state or province. Now and then, when
she grows particularly weary of Hunedoara, Drenis
launches herastral form completely at random, just tosee
where in the world she finds herself.

System: Animating and possessing a cadaver while
astral costs Drenisa pointof Willpower. Ifthe Cappadocian
has already used Astral Projection to reach her destina-
tion, the Storyteller does not need to make another dice
roll tosee ifthe possession succeeds. If Drenis attempts an
instant leap, roll her Perception + Occult. The difficulty
ranges from 7 to 10, depending on how well Drenis knows
her destination. Her old temple in Thrace would be
difficulty 7; a location the Cappadocian knew only from
an atlas would be difficulty 10. The number of successes
determines how close Drenis comes to her desired loca-
tion:
Botch Lost in the astral plane, just as with an
Astral Projection botch.

The power fails and the Willpower
point was wasted.

Failure

Lair oF THE HippEN

140


A few hundred miles from the target

location.

Two successes Inthe rightstate or province; within 20
to 50 miles.

Three successes 10 to 20 miles from the desired location.

Four successes In the right city; within three miles.

Five successes In the correct neighborhood; within a

mile or less.

One success

The Storyteller should also consider access to
corpses that have not rotted to useless dust and bones.
For instance, Drenis could not leap to an ocean liner
unless she knew it carried a body. Most urban areas,
though, supply the Cappadocian with plenty of mortu-
aries and graveyards. If Drenis attempts a rapid jump,
though, she cannot control which body she occupies.
She might find herself in a cadaver, in a coffin or crypt
too sturdy to escape.

The possession ends when the sun rises at the
location of the possessed zombie. Drenis can also end
the possession at will and flash back to her body. The
zombie instantly collapses as a normal cadaver. While
Drenis possesses a cadaver, her own body remains in
torpor at Hunedoara.

Note: Drenis does not know that her Corpse Projec-
tion has changed ever since a dreadful storm swept
through the ghost-realms a few years ago. The bodies she
possesses retain a capacity for animation. Wandering
ghosts, or fragments of ghosts, are sometimes drawn to her
borrowed bodies and possess them in turn.

Corpse Projection costs 30 experience points to
learn.

CuRSES AND OTHER
THAUMATURGICAL
RITUALS

The magicians among the Twelve know many curses
they can levy upon enemies. The Pact kept them from
direct curse attacks, but did not stop them from using the
Trigger ritual: Each of the Twelve carries at least one
curse primed to go off ifanother one of the Twelve meets
Final Death. Methuselahs may also punish characters by
cursing them, or use the threat of a curse to extort service
from them.

The Twelve's thaumaturges also know a wide variety
of other rituals. Even before the Pact, some of them knew
rituals to watch and control events at a distance. They
made a special effort to develop more such rituals after

their imprisonment, or to adapt such rituals to their own
style of Thaumaturgy.

Porrrart Linx (Lever Five Rituar)

Like many cultures, the ancient Egyptians believed
that a picture captured the magical essence of what it
portrayed. This ritual of Setite Sorcery exploits that
magical connection. The magician sketches a portrait of
her subject from life (or unlife, as the case may be). She
then engraves that picture into a stone tablet along with
various magic words and the subject's name in Egyptian
hieroglyphics. Henceforth, the sorcerer can use the por-
trait as a sympathetic link to that person. The magician
adds the portrait plaque to any other ritual and washes it
in beer and her own vitae. That ritual may now affect the
subject at any distance.

System: Enchanting the portrait costs the magician
two points of Willpower. Using it costs one blood point.
Engraving the portrait requires a Dexterity + Crafts roll
(difficulty 6) in addition to the normal Intelligence +
Occult roll (difficulty 8) to make the magic work.

Triccer (Lever Five or Six Rituar)

This ritual does not do anything by itself. A
thaumaturge uses it to place a time delay on some
other ritual or path power. The triggered magic takes
effect when some condition occurs, such as a length
of time, the magician's Final Death, feeding upon a
certain person, the magician saying a particular word,
or the like. Trigger occurs in every school of
Thaumaturgy.

System: The Trigger requires a separate dice roll
than the ritual or path power to which it applies. If the
player fails either roll, the magic does not work at all.

Trigger comes in two forms. The Level-Five version,
called the Lesser Trigger, requires some objective, tan-
gible condition to initiate the stored magic. "Saying
Mass" would be a valid condition because that involves
specific words and acts. "Slandering me" would not,
because slander can be a matter of opinion. "Plotting
against me" would not work either, because the magic
cannot read the target's mind.

The Level-Six version, or Greater Trigger, ex-
pands the range of possible conditions through a rather
cruel sense of humor. The magician can set "gotcha"
conditions that take effect based on related names,
puns or other similarities. For instance, legend says
that Sylvester Il became both Pope and magician
through a pact with the Devil. The pact would come
due when the sorcerer-Pope said Mass in Jerusalem.
Sylvester thought he was safe since he could easily
avoid travel to that city. He died, however, after saying
Mass in the church of Jerusalem, in Rome. The Lesser

Aprenox: Powers oF THE ELpers

141


Trigger would require the actual city of Jerusalem; the
Greater Trigger could use the similarity of names to
activate a curse.

Trigger has many uses besides time-delay curses. A
magician could use Trigger to place helpful magic on
himself, ready to go off when he might need it. For
instance, a thaumaturge could set a Triggered version
of Incorporeal Passage (or some other protective spell)
to go off if anyone attacked her in her sleep. A
thaumaturge can place only one Triggered enchant-
ment on himself at a time.

DROWNING IN BarTH (Lever Six Riruar)

The Tzimisce's connection to the land clearly influ-
ences this Koldunic curse. The magician commands the
spirits of the land not to bear up the target of the curse. For
the victim, earth and stone are no longer solid. Instead,
they act like quicksand. A victim remains safe so long as
she stays on wood, metal, plastic, cloth or other sub-
stances. Brick and concrete countas stone for purposes of
thiscurse. The victim cannot push through walls because
the curse operates only in the "down" direction. Up or to
the side, earth and stone remain solid. A victim can fall
through stone floors until he reaches ground level.

A victim who keeps his head can slowly "swim" to
safety through yielding earth or stone. This requires total
concentration: The victim can take no other action, and
moves only one foot per turn. Otherwise, the victim sinks
one foot per turn. Once the earth closes over a victim's
head, he cannot "swim" back to the surface.

The Protean power of Earth Meld partially counters
this curse. A Cainite using Earth Meld can stabilize his
position in the ground and can return to the surface
normally. The character must remain melded, however,
if he wants to avoid sinking into the earth again. Indeed,
for the curse's duration, the victim can perform Earth
Meld in solid stone or concrete — but if the curse ends
before the victim frees himself, he is trapped in stone with
no way out. Tzimisce legends tell, however, of elder
Cainites who chewed or clawed their way to the surface
after sinking into solid stone and took terrible revenge on
the sorcerer who cursed them.

System: The curse lasts one night and day per success
rolled by the magician's player. Multiple castings of the
curse do not cumulate: The victim suffers the effect of
whichever casting had the most successes. A Level-Seven
version of the curse imposes a permanent effect on victims,
but this requires expending two points of permanent
Willpower. The more powerful curse is the stuffof legends,
even to masters of Koldunic Sorcery.

GREATER SCRYING (LeveL Six RiTuar)

Many thaumaturges know rituals that enable them
to scry, or view distant scenes through a crystal ball,
mirror, pool of water or other half-reflective, half-trans-
parent surface. (See Scry, a Level-Four ritual found in
Blood Magic: Secrets of Thaumaturgy.) The Hunedoara
thaumaturges all know more powerful versions. Like the
lesser ritual, Greater Scrying requires a pool, mirror or
lens. The ritual also involves a brazier of incense and
ritual tools suited to the sorcerer's tradition. Pentweret
uses his Egyptian priestly staff; Cret and Hill add a
consecrated statue of the oracular god Apolloand various
astrological symbols; while Danika combines rain-water,
well-water, river-water and vitae (the water of life) in her
scrying bowl.

System: The magician can view scenes anywhere in
the world. Targeting a particular person or location,
however, requires a separate Perception + Occult roll
whose difficulty depends on the magician's degree of
connection to the target:

6
(Ex.: Your own haven; your childhood home;
blood sample; True Name)

Familiar, or a moderate sympathetic link 7
(Ex.: Your favorite library; a photograph; a fingerprint)
Not very familiar, or a weak sympathetic link 8
(Ex.: A national landmark you visited once; a signa-
ture; complete documentation)

Unfamiliar

(Ex.: A spot on a map; a name and description)

Failing this targeting roll means seeing the wrong
location. The worse the failure, the more off-target
the view.

Very familiar, or a complete sympathetic link

9

The lesser Scrying ritual suffers the limitation that
the sorcerer cannot extend Auspex, other Discipline
effectsorotherenchantments through thescrying. Greater
Serying lacks that limitation. The magician can use
Greater Scrying to target any mental effect, such as
Dominate, Dementation or Path of Corruption powers
(found in Guide to the Camarilla), as if he were actually
present. Disciplines or magic with any sort of physical
effect cannot normally pass through the scrying link.
Some rituals, however, are specially designed to affect
persons viewed through scrying.

Servitor Senpinc (Lever Six Ritu)
Danika, Cret, Hill and Pentweret all know versions
of this ritual. The magician traces a circle of her own vitae
with the appropriate incantations. Then a servant steps
in the circle, vanishes and appears somewhere else. The
servitor must be a spirit or the sorcerer's ghoul, while the

Lair oF THE HiDpEN

142

sorcerer requires a sympathetic link to the destination.
The thaumaturge can use a bit of soil, a plant or some
other natural relic to target a location. To send a servitor
toaperson the magician needs the target's True Name or
a body relic (suchas hair ora bit of blood). Pentweret can
also use a portrait drawn from life to target a person, while
Cret or Hill can dispatch servitors if Abdalkutba prepares
horoscope charts for a target person (based on mortal
birth, plus the time of Embrace for Kindred).

System: In addition to three blood points, the sor-
cerer expends a point of Willpower to transport the
servitor. For another Willpower point, the sorcerer en-
ables the servitor to return at will. This "round trip"
option remains good only for one hour after the servant
ghoul departs.

StorM-Hounp (Lever Six Rituar)

This Koldunic ritual mimics the Level Five power of
the Path of Weather Control, witha few advantages. The
sorcerer builds a fire of certain dried herbs and wood from
a lightning-struck tree. She sacrifices a puppy and her
own vitae to the flames while invoking the Slavic storm-
god Perun. The sorcerer also burns something that came
from an intended victim of the curse —a hair, a thread
from the victim's clothing, or even soil from the victim's
footprint. Within 24 hours, a storm appears over the
victim and blasts him with lightning. The storm-hound
can find its victim anywhere in the world.

System: For each success, the storm-hound launches
two bolts of lightning at its victim. Regardless of the
sorcerer's Traits, the storm-hound attacks with a dice
pool of 6 (difficulty 6 if the target stands on open ground
when it appears, 8 if he stays under shelter, or 10 if he is
inside but near a window). Each bolt inflicts 10 dice of
lethal damage that ignores body armor. If the attack roll
fails, the degree of failure suggests how far the erring bolt
deviates.

The storm-hound has a certain degree of intelli-
gence. It may wait to attack until the victim moves into
more open terrain. The enchanted storm does not last
longer than onehour, though. Ifthe victim doesnot leave
cover before the hour ends, the storm-hound attacks
anyway. After all, a bolt that misses may nevertheless
destroy the target's shelter, enabling a subsequent bolt to
strike more accurately.

Patonic Sprit (Lever Seven Rituar)
According to one of Plato's fables, humans originally
were both maleand female. For their insolence, Zeus split
humanity into male and female halves. Every soul longs
torejoin its missing half—a literal "soul mate." Vampires
also have two spirits in one body, the Man and the Beast.
This ritual temporarily divides them and gives them each

abody. The half that receives the Man looksas the person
did before the Embrace, though the person remains a
vampire. The half that receives the Beast is a ravening,
vampiric monster more horrible than any Nosferatu. The
Beast is physically stronger, but the Man possesses all the
intellectual and social abilities. The Beast hates the Man
and lusts to destroy it. If the Beast can be physically
restrained, however, the Man can act without the burden.
of its presence... for a time.

This ritual was once highly regarded. Some ancient
Thaumaturges believed they could develop a means to
exorcise the Beast permanently. Such hopes were never
realized. Splitting off the Beast also carries certain prob-
lems that make its loss a dubious blessing. While a few
thaumaturges may seek temporary surcease from the
Beast, or offer it to other Cainites, the spell can also be
used as an attack — suddenly creating an enemy of your
enemy that has all his powers.

System: The incarnate Beast has the target Cainite's
Disciplines, Willpower, blood pool and Physical Traits.
All Social Traits are at zero, and Mental Traits reduced to
one. Though the Beast has all the target's Abilities, the
Beast is in permanent frenzy. The incarnate Man has all
the target Cainite's Disciplines, Willpower, blood pool,
Attributes and Abilities, but cannot expend blood points
to increase Physical Traits, to heal or to fuel Disciplines —
only to wake up each evening. Drinking blood also loses all
its pleasure for the Man. [No way to resist the invocation
of this power? Pretty harsh. Not really. The difficulty of 9
subsumes the victim's reflexive resistance to the mystical
assault — but see below.]

The Man and Beast remain separate for one night per
success rolled when casting the ritual. If the Beast can kill
the Man, however, it gains a permanent existence until
destroyed. The reverse is not true: If the Man kills the
Beast, the ritual ends and the two souls rejoin in one body.
The same happens if either one dies for any other reason.
Once per night, the Man can also try to force a reunion.
Thisrequiresa Willpower roll (difficulty 9) and expending
a point of Willpower.

A SuURFEIT OF SERPENTS
(Lever Seven Ritua

This curse comes from the baleful, ancient lore of
Setite Sorcery. The sorcerer invokes the serpentine de-
mons of Duat, the Egyptian underworld, and commands
them to enter the belly of his enemy. Within an hour, the
victim's stomach roils in pain. Nausea soon joins the pain,
until at the end of the hour the victim vomits a living
snake. The pain does not diminish for long, though. Soon
the victim vomitsanothersnake. His bowels heave, andhe
"excretes" snakes. The torment grows worse; he cannot

Aprenoix: Powers oF THE Epes

143


void the snakes fast enough, and they chew their way out
of his flesh, serpent after serpent, until he dies.

System: For each success the sorcerer's player rolls,
the victim suffers two hours of the curse's effect. For the
first two hours, as he voidssnakes through his mouth and
anus, the victim loses one health level of bashing
damage per hour. Cainites can heal this damage nor-
mally. Each subsequent hour, however, the victim loses
one health level of aggravated damage as the multiply-
ing snakes chew out his insides. The victim can apply
Fortitude against this damage for one hour per dot of
Fortitude he possesses, but after that the damage be-
comes unsoakable. The damage is simply too great.

Cainites can heal the aggravated damage at the
normal expenditure of blood and Willpower... and
hope that neither Trait runs out before the curse ends.

A demon-snake's bite deals one level of aggravated
damage but they are not poisonous. An hour after the
curse ends, the snakes all vanish back to Duat.
WHiIDps OF THE ERINYES,

(Lever Seven Rituar)

This curse torments its victim with guilt for past
crimes. Once per night, the curse forces the victim to
relive a memory that fills her with shame. This happens
every night until the victim no longer feels shame for
whatshe did. Then the curse brings up anothershameful
memory, and the cycle starts all over again.

System: For vampires, the curse dredges up events
that led to Conscience or Conviction rolls. For each
night of the curse's effect, the victim's player must roll
that Conscience or Conviction check all over again.
The torment continues until the player fails the Virtue
roll and the character loses a point of Humanity or Path
rating: The victim no longer cares about what she did.
The cycle of shame wearing down to apathy continues
until the victim loses one point of Humanity or Path
rating for every success the magician's player rolled
when he levied the curse.

The victim can abort the Whips of the Erinyes by
spending a year in torpor. Countermagic or the Obeah
power of Mens Sana can also remove the curse.

Sout DIsjuNcTION (L EVEL EIGHT
Ruituat

Legend has it that the ancient magician Julianus

theChaldean could make people'ssouls leave and rejoin
their bodies. This ritual duplicates that effect and uses it
as an attack. In the course of the ritual, the magician
appeals to Hermes, the conductor of souls, and infernal
gods such as Hecate and Hades, to rip the soul from the
victim's body and hurl it into the outer darkness. The
magician then completes the spell some time later that

La oF THe HipDEN

144


Wuo Has WHAT
The character profiles in Chapter Three tell which powers and rituals each one of the Twelve knows.

The descriptions of each power and ritual also say what characters know them. This table pulls the

information together for ready reference.

Abdalkutba Horoscopic Forecast (Auspex 6), Supernal Awareness (Auspex 7)

Anastazi Ruthven _ Lesser Trigger (Thaumaturgy 5)

Bufo Beast Walk (Animalism 6)

Cret Greater Scrying (Thaumaturgy 6), Lesser/Greater Trigger (Thaumaturgy 6), Platonic
Split (Thaumaturgy 7), Servitor Sending (Thaumaturgy 6), Whips of the Erinyes
(Thaumaturgy 7), Soul Disjunction (Thaumaturgy 8)

Danika Ruthven Drowningin Earth (Thaumaturgy 6), Greater Serying (Thaumaturgy 6), Lesser/Greater Trigger

(Thaumaturgy 6), Servitor Sending (Thaumaturgy 6), Storm Hound (Thaumaturgy 6)

Demetrius
Drenis
Eshmunamash Compel Passion (Presence

Hill

7)

Enigmatic Text (Dementation 6), Psychic Double (Auspex 5, Obfuscate 3)
Raise the Dead (Mortis 6), Corpse Projection (Auspex 5, Mortis 6)

Greater Scrying (Thaumaturgy 6), Lesser/Greater Trigger (Thaumaturgy 6), Ser-

vitor Sending (Thaumaturgy 6), Platonic Split (Thaumaturgy 7)

Mahtiel
Pentweret

Dream Combat (Valeren 6), Psychic Double (Auspex 5, Obfuscate 3)
Portrait Link (Thaumaturgy 5), Greater Scrying (Thaumaturgy 6), Lesser/Greater

Trigger (Thaumaturgy 6), Servitor Sending (Thaumaturgy 6), Surfeit of Serpents

(Thaumaturgy 7)
Zamra

night by pointing at the victim and saying a final magic
word. If the ritual succeeds, the victim falls in torpor while
his soul whirls away.

System: This curse duplicates the effect of the Auspex
power Astral Projection on the victim — and breaks the
silver cord that normally links soul to body. The victim's
soul is lost in some distant part of Earth or the spirit realm.
Finding his way home to his body is left as a challenge for
the victim's player... assuming no one destroyed the
victim's body.

THE DaAct

The Pact protects Hunedoara Castle from the world
and the 12 pacters from each other. As usual with demonic
pacts, the demon and Cret, the principle sorcerer, negoti-
ated the benefits and obligations of each side. Cret did his
best but the demon knew the old sorcerer was rushed. It
forced the Twelve to accept a number of provisions they
did not have time to think through. The demon did not
think them through either, and now regrets them.

By itself, the demon lacks the power to conceal a
castle so completely. The Pact enables it to call upona far
greater occult power — the Curse of Caine, embodied in
the twelve pacters. For all practical purposes, the demon
possesses eight dots in every vampiric Discipline pos-

Dynastic Power (Dominate 7)

sessed by any one of the Twelve, except for Thaumaturgy.
However, the Demon can use these powers only to
conceal and defend the castle.

Anyone who looks at Hunedoara Castle sees a briar
patch (Obfuscate 8), even if they look through a video
monitor or take a picture (Chimerstry 8). One feels no
desire to poke around the brambles (Presence 8). If
anyone were ordered to do so, the Demon would create
a false memory of an annoying tramp through the weeds
(Dominate 8). Of course, the demon knows about every-
one near the castle (Auspex 8).

Ifanyone founda way toattack the castle, the demon
can employ its borrowed Disciplines to defend it. It
deceived the Tremere Council of Seven with a blend of
Obfuscate and Chimerstry illusions to make them think
they destroyed the castle. In succeeding centuries, the
demon subtly used Obfuscate, Dominate and Presence to
steer battles away from Hunedoara. If some powerful
opponent did find a way to pierce the castle's veil of
illusion, the demon could mobilize armies of wildlife
(Animalism 8), call oversized Arms of the Abyss and
fearsome shadow-creatures (Obtenebration 8), or drive
attackers insane (Dementation 8). Any attacker who
actually stepped into the castle would technically touch
the demon, and so become subject to whatever ghastly
mutilations a fallen angel could imagine (Vicissitude 8).

‘Aprenoix: Powers oF THE Epes

145


The demon also possesses the crucial power to
defend the Twelve from each other. Any attack by
one pacter upon another affects the attacker as well
as the victim. If one of the Twelve is destroyed, his
killer also meets Final Death.

None of the Twelve may leave the castle, on
pain of breaking the Pact. The demon insisted on
this condition to keep the Twelve under its meta-
phorical thumb. The original Twelve agreed as a
necessary hedge against betrayal and accidents. If
some freakish circumstance took a pacter out of the
castle grounds against his will, the Pact grants him
10 minutes to return before the demon imposes the
sanction of Final Death. This incidentally breaks
the Pact. Servants suffer a weaker version of this
ban: They may leave the castle on errands, but the
demon can destroy them if they try to leave for
good. Guests may leave any time they want... aside
from the Sclav sleeping in the doorway, blood
bonds of loyalty and any curses imposed by the
Twelve.

Once per year, on the anniversary of the Pact,
the Twelve must renew the contract by offering the
demon a human sacrifice. The sacrifice must take

place between dusk and midnight. All 12 pacters
must attend. The officiating vampire cuts the
victim's throat and pours the victim's blood into a
fire. Each pacter also sheds a drop of his own vitae.

If the sacrifice does not take place in the
allotted time, or all 12 do not attend and affirm
their desire to continue the Pact, the demon can
claim their souls. The Pact does not take account
of special circumstances such as a pacter com-
pletely claimed by the Beast and no longer able to
speak. On the other hand, the Pact includes some
ambiguous phrases that enabled the Twelve to
replace a member who lost her human intellect.
The demon demands that each of the last year's
pacters appear, blood and soul, to renew the con-
tract. When the pacter Vanth lost her mind and
the capacity of speech, the remaining pacters per-
suaded their accidental guest Bufo to diablerize the
mad Methuselah. Thus, Vanth's blood and soul
attended the ceremony although Vanth herself
was dust. Some of the Twelve believe the terms of
the Pact permit less drastic means of replacement
as well.

Lain oF THE Hippen

146


The outsiders

[2

safuageable

dismissive

a

annoyed

sickened

entertained

SAS & NSS
DEMETRIUS 3} , MAHTIEL

solicitous

repulsed

sentimental

too perceptive


not so foval opposition

one track mind

ae |

a dismal mistake

cruel

museum
piece

reproving

surly

all
DANIKA

cafculatedly
supportive

beneath
notice

cret's Just
deserts

{] respectful

k ESHMUNAMASH

collaborative


Nikanuuranu

ESHMUNAMASH

MAHTIEL

ABDALKUTBA


the outsiders us. cret & bis partisans

incomprehensible

dismissive
appalfed but fascinated 5 IR
ZAMIR

LAIR OF THE HIDDEN
150

tbe not so foval opposition us. cret & bis partisans

ungrateful chifde 1
NX

DAN

[distrustful] [admiring]

pesnsgpryooq

PEMOoo

frigid

Pn Sscun rt

poyodei

relatively
fess stuffy

ayebiy
toferant

(coe
resentful

undying l Z
batred ANASTAZI

deep unregenerate
grudge sopbist
—-—

revolted

PENTWERET


Jmadnessis bliss L

terrified
y esesadng

vaguely
bitter

Sirritated
unconcemed
| dismissive F

HANIA | < "' y PUNTWERET

. the outsiders

secretly gratifie

walking corpse
Y jleonpkussed }

enemy
ofmoy
enemy

BUFO

ry

ful
yaritable}
_[ bitch Sent

supa yk

PT anes 'es hl
obnoxious
—{distaste[>

} | fannicoDIe] fee
DANIKA }

the family Yam\ _[agreeableup
dog Toapoint

—ANASTA

Lar oF THe HipdeN
152


LAK

High in the
Romanian Mountains

Hidden from time and prying mortal eyes, Hunedoara
Castle lurks amid the mists of the Carpathians. Home to
a cabal of scheming Inconnu, the castle is the site of
hideous rites. Who do these terrible rituals empower? Or,
worse, who might they protect? Secrets revealed — Lair
of the Hidden is a setting sourcebook and chronicle that
examines the plans of a forgotten cult of Inconnu. It
covers the cult's aims and goals, as well as presenting a
terrifying haven of powerful elders for players' characters
to explore — should they dare.

Lair of the Hidden includes:

e A horror tale that winds through the catacombs of a
Carpathian castle

¢ Information on the elusive, Inconnu

¢ A chance to support or befoul the plans of elder
Kindred that involve the coming of Gehenna

Rretine a
: \ AMPIRE
a THE [JASQUERADE

Ih
